Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2: The Girl of His Dreams

The car was moving on the road smoothly towards the hospital.

"Miss, the mayor of Jiangcheng and the Chamber of Commerce of Jiangcheng would like to invite you over for a meal," the secretary beside Yan Ruoxue mentioned.

Instantly, Yan Ruoxue reverted to her usual aloof attitude.

She replied with a stern look, "Turn them down. Send Qin Yu to the hospital first."

The secretary teased with a smirk, "Miss, are you telling me that you are planning to marry this trash of a human?"

Upon hearing that, Yan Ruoxue shot him a sharp look.

"Huh? Are you trying to teach me what to do?" Yan Ruoxue remarked.

Color drained from his face, and he mentally slapped himself on the cheek and noted, "My apologies, Miss. I've talked too much."

Following that, Yan Ruoxue cupped her mouth with her hand and coughed intensely.

"Miss, it's time to take your medicine," the secretary hurriedly reminded.

"Continue driving!" Yan Ruoxue paid no heed to his words and commanded expressionlessly.

The car sped off towards the hospital at Yan Ruoxue's order.

At that time, however, Qin Yu felt like he was dreaming while he was in a state of unconsciousness.

In the dream, everything was pitch-black no matter where he looked.

A man could be seen staring at Qin Yu with an impassive look in the darkness.

He was a man with a gallant stature and a domineering aura. He was like a god. Just the sight of him caused one to have a powerful urge to worship him.

"W-where is this place, and who are you?" Qin Yu stammered in anxiety.

That man turned in Qin Yu's direction and looked straight into his eyes.

"To think that my son would end up being such an incompetent man," the man lamented.

Son? What is he talking about?

Qin Yu felt a stabbing sensation in his heart when he heard those words.

He had never seen his parents, not since his earliest consciousness.

It was only natural that he would long to experience familial love.

Although Qin Yu could not recognize the man standing before him, he could feel an indescribable connection.

"A-are you my father? Dad, I've missed you so much... " Qin Yu stretched out his arm, trying to touch his father, but it went right through the man.

"A man should thrive at age 30. I'll now bestow you with all of my knowledge. This is your inheritance," the man uttered coldly.

"If you're a good-for-nothing, I believe the Yan family will take care of you for the rest of your life. But I'll never come and see you.

"If you've got a backbone, there's nothing that can stop you in this world!

"And I'm very much looking forward to our meeting."

After his monologue, the scenery before Qin Yu began to crumble.

Upon seeing that, Qin Yu shouted like a mad man, "Dad! Don't go, dad!"

Yet, nothing Qin Yu uttered could stop the scene before him from disappearing.

Sorrowed, Qin Yu dropped to his knees and sobbed in agony.

Even if it was just a dream, he had hoped to see his parents like other people did, to grouse about his hardships with them.

But no matter what he did, the sight before him continued to crumble into nothingness.

Soon, a collection of vast memories flooded his mind — all of which were unfamiliar to him.

Among them were scared medical knowledge, cultivation methods, mystical arts, and more.

Right then, a turquoise-colored Qi (energy) flowed into his dantian (the place where life force is located) slowly.

His consciousness went out before he could react.

When he came to, he was already lying in a king-size bed.

A girl with long hair and slender legs could be seen sitting before him.

"You're finally awake!" Yan Ruoxue scrutinized Qin Yu as if she could see through him.

With that, Qin Yu quickly got up and stuttered in nervousness, "W-who are you?"

Yan Ruoxue did not want to disclose her identity this early, so she responded, "I'm Ruoxue. I saw you fainted on the sidewalk, so I rescued you on a whim.

"How strange though. The doctor said that there was nothing wrong with you." Yan Ruoxue's eyes twinkled as she peered at the man before her in curiosity.

Qin Yu frowned a little and murmured, "So it wasn't just a dream after all?"

Closing his eyes, Qin Yu began to contemplate.

As expected, the memory was still intact, and it seemed to be merging with his! This was amazing!

Even the Qi inside his dantian did not show any sign of dispersion at all!

"So, this is all real!" A glimmer of hope lit up in Qin Yu's heart that was brimming with disappointment up till that moment.

The scared medical scrolls and the cultivation methods were the things that could change his current miserable state.

"I saved you. Yet, you don't even express your gratitude? Where are your manners?" Yan Ruoxue commented as she rolled her eyes.

At that, Qin Yu regained his composure and jumped to his feet. Bowing his head to Yan Ruoxue, he uttered awkwardly, " M-Miss Ruoxue, thank you for rescuing me."

Yan Ruoxue burst into laughter at the sight of Qin Yu's clumsy manner.

For some unknown reason, she somehow found the silly man before her a little cute.

"Alright, don't sweat it. I was just pulling your leg." Yan Ruoxue waved her hand.

After speaking, Yan Ruoxue covered her mouth and coughed violently.

Just then, a man in doctor's scrubs came in.

"Miss, you should take your medication," the doctor suggested while carrying a medical box in his hand.

Yan Ruoxue nodded.

A glass of warm water was placed on the table. Then, the doctor took out a table full of medicine from the box.

Gazing at Yan Ruoxue, countless knowledge from the sacred medical scrolls flashed in Qin Yu's mind.

Qin Yu could not help but feel a little excited at what was hapening.

After some hesitation, he moved forward and asked, "Miss Ruoxue, are you not feeling well?"

Glancing at Qin Yu with the corners of her eyes, Yan Ruoxue replied casually, "Yeah. I've had asthma since young."

Asthma!

The treatment methods for asthma immediately came into Qin Yu's mind.

Still, Qin Yu did not dare to speak up as he lacked self-confidence.

Rooted to the spot, he watched as Yan Ruoxue swallowed all the drugs on the table.

Nevertheless, Yan Ruoxue's symptoms did not improve even after taking all the pills.

Upon seeing that, Qin Yu took a deep breath to muster his courage. Then, he took a step forward and uttered, "Miss Ruoxue, could you please let me try to help? I might be able to treat your sickness."

After hearing his words, a hint of astonishment flashed in Yan Ruoxue's pretty eyes.

A while later, she chuckled, "I have asthma. It is incurable. Don't tell me that you can't even understand something so simple?"

Qin Yu immediately clarified, "I don't know how to explain it to you. But... I still want to give it a go. Maybe this might work..." Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Having heard that, Yan Ruoxue's brows knitted together.

The doctor who was standing at the side jeered, "Hey man, you're not even a doctor. So tell me, how do you plan to cure it?"

At once, Qin Yu's face turned red up to his ears. He stood awkwardly.

"I'm tired of seeing people like you. You're just lusting after Miss Ruoxue, trying to take advantage of her," the doctor added.

"If my guess is right on the money, your treatment involves the touching of skin, right?"

Qin Yu's mouth hung agape. Biting the bullet, he answered, "You are right..."

"Hahaha. You see, miss. This fellow is nothing but a lecherous scum," the doctor derided.

Yan Ruoxue's expression turned gloomy.

Glaring at Qin Yu, she warned, "Do you know what's the consequences of taking advantage of me?"

Qin Yu hurriedly explained, "No, it's not like that. I was not trying to take advantage of you. I can really cure your disease. I mean it."

"Hmph! You are spouting ridiculous words," the doctor denigrated.

"Asthma might not be a serious illness, but it has always been a chronic condition! There's no way to cure it completely! This is common sense! Miss, I suggest that we chop his hand off and throw it out of the window!" the doctor continued.

Yan Ruoxue remained taciturn and sized Qin Yu up.

No one knew what she was thinking.

"I am willing to give you a chance," Yan Ruoxue stated after a while.

"But if it doesn't work, things will get ugly for you," Yan Ruoxue added with a wink.

Despite knowing that Yan Ruoxue was not someone to be trifled with, Qin Yu was full of confidence at that time.

Besides, he could not wait to test and see if the knowledge of the scared medical scrolls was legit.

"Alright!" Qin Yu nodded strenuously.

"Miss, do you really want to trust him? It is obvious to everyone that he is just—"

"Shut up!" Yan Ruoxue reproached before the doctor could finish his lines.

Immediately, the doctor became silent. He stood at the sidelines without another word, albeit reluctantly.

"Is there anything I need to do, Doctor Qin?" Yan Ruoxue asked in a playful tone.

Having heard that, Qin Y's face flushed and murmured, "I-I will have to place my hand on your chest..."

After Qin Yu spoke, his face was red down to his neck.

Lowering his head, Qin Yu took in Yan Ruoxue's fair cleavage. It was an alluring sight to behold.