Chapter 12: What About Me?

Qin Yu's words infuriated the bodyguard even more.

He clenched his fists and wanted to rush forward immediately to beat Qin Yu to death.

Even Yan Ruoxue looked incredibly surprised.

She opened her mouth slightly, as if she could not believe that these words were coming out of Qin Yu's mouth.

"Miss, please let me do it!" the bodyguard said with rage. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

In all his life, he had never been humiliated like this.

"Okay." Yan Ruoxue finally agreed.

"But don't hurt him, understand?" Yan Ruoxue admonished.

The bodyguard nodded hastily, and he took off his suit to reveal his chiseled body.

When Qin Yu saw this, he was secretly excited.

Having just entered the second level of the Qi Refining Phase, Qin Yu really wanted to test out his strength.

"Brat, if Miss hadn't disagreed, I would definitely break your legs today," the bodyguard said in a cold tone of voice.

Qin Yu was quite courteous. He smiled as he bowed slightly and said, "Please do your best and don't hold back."

This comment enraged the bodyguard even more and almost made him lose his temper.

"Fine, if you want to dig your own grave, then don't blame me for this!" The bodyguard roared in anger and rushed towards Qin Yu with his fists clenched.

This bodyguard was tall and his fist was the size of a pot of casserole.

A strong gust of wind rushed forward.

However, Qin Yu stood still without moving. To his astonishment, the bodyguard's movements seemed to be in slow motion in his eyes.

"I got ya!" When the bodyguard saw that Qin Yu had not moved, he could not help but sneer.

His fist was approaching Qin Yu's face, about to land a punch.

"Stop!" Yan Ruoxue was so shocked that she quickly rose and shouted.

But it was too late. The bodyguard was already blinded by rage.

Just when the bodyguard was about to punch Qin Yu's face, Qin Yu finally moved.

Qin Yu tilted his body slightly, and the huge fist grazed his face.

Then, Qin Yu raised his palm and slapped the bodyguard's chest.

There was a loud bang.

The bodyguard's sturdy body flew off. The huge force made him spit blood from his mouth, and he was in excruciating pain.

Qin Yu looked at his palm with excitement and said, "I can't believe I have so much strength!"

At that moment, Qin Yu used only 30% of his strength and had seriously injured the bodyguard, so if he had used his full strength, it would have been even more impressive.

Yan Ruoxue even reached out to cover her mouth.

How did Qin Yu manage to conceal his true strength so well?

Qin Yu not only had superb medical skills but also had such excellent combat skills?

Yan Ruoxue became increasingly impressed with Qin Yu.

Unlike the cocky and bossy gentry in Jingdu, Qin Yu's modesty and courtesy blew Yan Ruoxue's mind.

"Are you all right?" Qin Yu quickly walked up to the bodyguard and helped him up.

The bodyguard covered his chest and looked like he was in immense pain.

This made Qin Yu panic a little, so he hurriedly helped the bodyguard to a chair and said, "Wait a moment. I'll get you some medicine."

Qin Yu quickly ran to the kitchen and used the remaining dregs of medicine to refine a common herb.

The medicine was called Dieda Pill, which was one of the simplest medicines in medical history.

It took Qin Yu half an hour to produce a Dieda Pill.

He wiped his sweat as he ran back to his bodyguard's side.

"Quickly swallow this," Qin Yu offered somewhat guiltily.

As she looked at Qin Yu's guilty expression, Yan Ruoxue could not help but snicker.

After the bodyguard swallowed the pill, his pain gradually subsided.

He rubbed his chest as he rose up with a sigh and said, "Mr. Qin, I was the one who was being disrespectful just now, so please excuse me."

"No, no, no, it's because I didn't do it gently. I'm sorry." Qin Yu said guiltily.

This filled the bodyguard with mixed emotions. For the first time in his life, he had lost so completely.

"Since Qin Yu doesn't need you, then you can return for now," Yan Ruoxue said to the bodyguard.

The bodyguard nodded. He said goodbye to Yan Ruoxue and Qin Yu, then left the place.

By now, it was getting late and there were stars in the sky.

Qin Yu and Yan Ruoxue sat in the courtyard. The atmosphere was cozy.

"I really didn't expect you to be such a good fighter." Yan Ruoxue said with a smile.

"To be honest, I had no idea either," Qin Yu replied in awe.

Prior to this, Qin Yu had always assumed that he would live his life as a loser.

"I really have no idea what your ex-wife was thinking when she divorced such a good man." Yan Ruoxue smiled as she gazed at Qin Yu.

Qin Yu blushed slightly and felt a little flattered.

Su Yan... Had never considered Qin Yu a good man.

Yan Ruoxue asked all of a sudden, "Do you have strong feelings for her?"

"Huh?" Qin Yu froze as he did not understand what Yan Ruoxue meant.

"I said... Do you have strong feelings for Su Yan?" Yan Ruoxue stared at Qin Yu with a sparkle in her eyes.

After a moment of thought, Qin Yu said, "To be honest, before our divorce, I did like her a lot."

"But after I found out about her adulterous affair with Zhao Gang, I only felt disgusted and loathing towards her. If I still had feelings for her after that, then I would be too spineless."

Hearing Qin Yu's words, Yan Ruoxue snickered and said, "Really?"

"Really," Qin Yu nodded his head and said.

A smile appeared on Yan Ruoxue's face.

Out of the blue, she asked, "What about me?"