Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 13: The Prideful Su Yan

Qin Yu froze.

He looked at Yan Ruoxue in a daze. He could not believe what he was hearing.

"You... What did you say?" Qin Yu asked tentatively.

But Yan Ruoxue shook her head as she smiled and said, "Nothing."

Although Yan Ruoxue did not ask any further questions, Qin Yu's heart was racing wildly.

After spending some time with Yan Ruoxue, Qin Yu was naturally head over heels for Yan Ruoxue, but he felt that she was out of his league.

But if Yan Ruoxue really had that kind of interest in him, then Qin Yu would try to work hard to make himself good enough for her.

After Yan Ruoxue left, Qin Yu's heart was still unsettled. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

He sat in the courtyard all by himself as he stared at the starry sky and murmured, "Is she... Is she just messing with me, or is she serious..."

Qin Yu did not know this then, but from that moment on, his state of mind had changed forever.

...

The next day.

The banquet for the Yan family was just one day away.

All the powerful gentry had received their invitations.

But Qin Yu did not care about this. All he could think about was how to refine his strength.

Qin Yu's cell phone suddenly rang.

When he picked up the phone, Qin Yu found that the caller was Old Mister Su.

Qin Yu was indebted to Old Mister Su, who was the only person in the Su family who treated Qin Yu with kindness.

He quickly picked up the phone.

"Grandpa..." Qin Yu could not help but lower his voice a little.

On the other end, Old Mister Su said in a trembling voice, "Qin Yu, I'm sorry..."

"Grandpa, it has nothing to do with you." Qin Yu inhaled deeply.

"In the Su family, you are the only one who treated me humanely, but I don't want to rely on the Su family now. I don't want to be dependent on anyone anymore." Qin Yu said in a heavy voice.

On the other end of the line, Old Mister Su fell silent for a short moment.

After a while, Old Mister Su said in a quivering voice, "Qin Yu, will you come back to visit me?"

Qin Yu contemplated for a moment before he said, "Yes, but for now, it's time for me to say goodbye to you."

After the call was over, Qin Yu rose and headed for the Su family's home.

Everyone in the Su family had gathered together.

Ever since Su Yan received an invitation from the Yan family, she had become cockier than ever.

Qin Yu pushed open the door and walked into the Su family's home.

Upon entering, Qin Yu saw Old Mister Su sitting in the corner of the room looking a bit downcast.

He seemed to have aged a bit, and his position in the Su family was obviously not the same as before.

"What are you doing here?" As soon as she saw Qin Yu, Sun Yumei expressed her displeasure.

"Hurry up and leave so Zhao Gang won't get the wrong idea," Sun Yumei snorted.

When he saw Sun Yumei's unpleasant attitude, Qin Yu snickered.

"I was the one who told Qin Yu to come back." Old Mister Su beckoned.

Su Yan said with some annoyance, "Grandpa, why did you let this loser come? We've divorced already. Your grandson-in-law is Zhao Gang!"

Su Yan then pointed at Qin Yu and scolded, "Get lost! Or else, Zhao Gang will come back and kill you!"

Qin Yu ignored Su Yan and went to Old Mister Su. He stooped down and said in a slightly apologetic manner, "Grandpa, this will be my last time returning to the Su family."

When he heard this, Old Mister Su's eyes welled up with tears.

He took Qin Yu's hand and said with slight distress, "Qin Yu, can you please stay? Even if you and Su Yan are divorced, I will treat you as my grandson..."

Although Qin Yu's heart softened, nonetheless, he shook his head and firmly said, "No."

"Grandpa, you are really out of your mind." Su Yan could not help but scoff at the idea.

"You keep saying that Qin Yu will bring good luck to our family, but what has he accomplished over the last three years? He hasn't done anything besides doing laundry and cooking at home!"

"After I divorced him, I've had much better luck." Su Yan shook the invitation in her hand and slapped it on the table.

"The Yan family invited me, Su Yan!" Su Yan said with a gloating expression on her face.

Qin Yu glanced at the invitation letter, which was indeed the Yan family's invitation letter.

"With this invitation letter, it is only a matter of time before the Su family will be in the ranks of the elite families," Su Yan said with a smirk on her face.

Qin Yu snickered and said, "I don't think so. You should get a reality check."

Su Yan did not feel offended. Instead, she said tauntingly, "You're envious, aren't you? Even if you disparage me, it doesn't change anything!"

"I, Su Yan, now have the Yan family's favor!"

"And you'll always be a loser!"

Old Mister Su slapped the table and said furiously, "Shut up!"

"I'm just stating the truth!" Su Yan said in defiance.

Old Mister Su grabbed Qin Yu's hand and said somewhat apologetically, "Qin Yu, don't take it personally. She's still young..."

"She's still young?" When he heard this, Qin Yu could not resist the urge to smirk.

Was a woman who was almost 30 years old still considered young?

"Qin Yu, hurry up and get out of here. Do you hear me? Don't bring bad luck to my family." Su Yan said with a scornful look on her face.

Qin Yu glanced at Su Yan indifferently and said, "Don't worry, I don't want to stay here any longer."

With that, Qin Yu bowed to Old Mister Su and left the Su family in large strides.

Old Mister Su gazed at Qin Yu's departing back as his hazy eyes welled up with tears.

"Su Yan, you will definitely regret it..." Old Mister Su's face was filled with sorrow.

Su Yan said with impatience, "What a god damned old fart. What do I have to regret? Isn't Zhao Gang much better than that loser Qin Yu?"

Having said that, Su Yan flung the invitation in Old Mister Su's face.

"Look at it clearly. The Yan family invited me! I am the one who has the greatest authority in the Su family!" Su Yan said fiercely.

Old Mister Su waved his hand dismissively and did not say anything else.

No one in the Su family took Old Mister Su seriously anymore.

In their perspective, the Su family had gotten into the Yan family's good graces, after all.