Chapter 1221: Chapter 1,221, Luhuang Island 

Qin Yu was also looking forward to it.

The sea chicken had indeed given Qin Yu a pleasant surprise, but it seemed that using blood directly wasn’t a good idea.

As for what methods professor chicken had used to transform it into a strengthening agent, Qin Yu didn’t want to know.

Once he went to the Holy Region, there would definitely be more methods there.

Another tube of strengthening agent was injected into his body.

Professor chicken was very careful. From time to time, he would ask Qin Yu about his physical condition and feelings.

Qin Yu didn’t feel much except for the changes in his body.

Tubes after tubes of strengthening agent were injected into his body.

In the blink of an eye, Qin Yu injected another eight tubes.

Adding the previous 15 tubes, Qin Yu had already endured a total of 23 tubes!

This was more than twice as much as Jiang Yi’s eight tubes!

The strengthening agent was still being injected into his body.

When the 13th tube was injected, Qin Yt up from the bed, shook his head and said, “It can end now.”

Professor ji said excitedly, “Qin Yu, you endured a total of 28 tubes. This is simply a miracle!”

Qin Yid with a bitter smile, “Actually, you can still continue to inject it. It’s just that... this strengthening agent is no longer effective on me.”

As a cultivator, Qin Yu was naturally extremely sensitive to changes in his body.

Qin Yu could clearly sense the slightest change.

At the 22nd tube, Qin Yu could already feel that this strengthening agent could no longer bring about any further improvements.

“In other words, your body can still withstand it?”Professor Chicken said with some surprise.

Qin Yu nodded and said, “Yes, that’s indeed the case. These twenty-three tubes of strengthening agent have strengthened my body by at least five times.”

This number was extremely terrifying. God knows what level Qin Ybody had reached!

Not to mention those of the same level, there were probably not many people below saints who could be compared to Qin Ybody!

Such a physical body was enough to look down on the world and even the Saint Realm!

“Professor Chicken, thank you very much. I’ll leave the rest to you.”Qin Yu looked at Professor Chicken and said.

Professor chicken smiled and said, “I also have to thank you. It was you who let me know that there are people like you in this world. I originally thought that I had already reached the peak of scientific research, but now it seems that I’m still far from it.”

Qin Yu did not explain too much. The two of them did not walk the same path, so no one could explain it clearly.

The mysteries of the world were only the tip of the iceberg to humans.

After bidding farewell to Professor Ji, Qin Yu left on the same day.

To Qin Yu, there were still a few important things that he had not done. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

First, Yan Ruoxue’s blood had not been fully absorbed, and it was only half of what it was last time.

The second reason was that there were still three transformations left in the nine transformation golden pill, which could also help Qin Yu improve.

The third reason was the Twilight Qi in the sacred mausoleum, which filled Qin Yu with curiosity.

After spending a few days, Qin Yu finally returned to the Heaven Gate.

The first thing he did when he returned was to look for ye Qing and tell him what had happened.

After ye Qing heard it, he said with some emotion, “Qin Yu, why... Why didn’t you bring a tube back?”

Qin Yu was stunned. He immediately understood.

So the reason why he asked Qin Yu to go to this laboratory was to get the strengthening agent.

“Think about it. This laboratory is funded by Western countries. If the strengthening agent is spread out on a large scale in the future, it will not be good news for us.”Ye Qing lit a cigarette and slowly said.

Qin Yiled and shook his head, “Then the ideas of these countries will probably fall through.”

Just the sea chicken alone was not something they could deal with.

Even if they spent a huge price to kill a sea chicken, it was still own how many sea chickens there were at the bottom of the sea.

After meeting ye Qing, Qin Yu planned to set off to look for the array flag.

The location was at Luhuang Island, which was a relatively hidden place.

To enter Luhuang Island, one would need an entrance ticket and the entrance threshold.

Fortunately, with Qin Ycurrent power, obtaining an entrance ticket was not a difficult matter.

After obtaining the entrance ticket, Qin Yu headed straight for Luhuang Island.

Luhuang Island was on an island near the fire country.

To head to this island, one would need to pass through their ship. Only with an entrance ticket, would one be able to board the ship.

Qin Yu arrived near the coast and found that there were already several people waiting there.

Besides martial artists, there were also many high officials and nobles who were dressed in bright clothes.

After about ten minutes, the ship slowly sailed over.

Two men walked down from the ship.

They wore a black and a white long robe, and they looked a bit like the black and white impermanence.

Qin Yept his gaze over the two people and found that these two people were not weak. They had most likely stepped into the martial saint realm.

“There’s actually such a place in this world?”

This could not help but give Qin Yu a great shock.

One must know that there were not many martial saints in the current era. They were still as rare as phoenix feathers and qilin horns.

The fact that the Luhuang Island’s Usher was a martial saint was enough to prove the island owner’s strength.

After the two of them checked everyone’s admission tickets, they let everyone board the boat.

The boat was not considered big. It looked a little like an ordinary ferry boat.

Such a small boat had to accommodate several people.

The rich man who usually wore bright clothes and stood high and mighty was now squeezed on this small boat. The scene looked a little comical.

Qin Yu did not care. After he boarded the boat, he called Di Zun.

Unfortunately, Qin Yphone had no signal.

The black and white youth also reminded him, “When you approach Deer Emperor Island, all signals will be blocked.”

Qin Yu nodded slightly to show his understanding.

The ship sailed for more than half an hour before they reached Luhuang Island.