Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen
Chapter 1222: Chapter 1,222 was obtained without any effort 

This was not a barren path. On the contrary, it looked like a huge town.

Hotels, accommodation, and other things were almost the only ones here.

After stepping onto Deer Emperor Island, the first thing that came into view was a huge door plaque. On it were three shining golden words: Deer Emperor Island.

Qin Yu looked up at Luhuang Island and couldn’t help but frown.

How could he find Di Zun on such a huge island?

“Do yoow where the trading market is?”Qin Yu found the two ushers, one black and one white.

The two of them pointed ahead and said, “You can see it if you walk ten kilometers from here.”

“Thank you.”Qin Yu nodded and then followed their route.

Along the way, Qin Yw countless unexpected scenes on Luhuang Island.

This place was filled with scenes that couldn’t be seen on land. All the gray industries could be found here.

Some people gambled, some people took dr and there were also fair-skinned and beautiful model-level miss.

To be able to make Luhuang Island so prosperous, this island owner’s ability was probably not ordinary.

Qin Yu wasn’t in the mood to enjoy the scenery along the way. He had to find Di Zun as soon as possible and get the array flag.

“Where are you running to? !”

Just as he was about to arrive at the underground market, an angry shout came from the sky!

Looking Up, he saw an old man full of killing intent stepping on the air and approaching!

Looking at the scene, it seemed like he was chasing someone.

Qin Yu frowned slightly. Just as he was about to speak, he saw a young man crash into his arms.

Qin Ybody was like steel. With this collision, the young man was forced back a few steps, and a big bump appeared on his head.

“AIYO, damn you.”The young man climbed up from the ground and kept rubbing his head.

“Are you F * cking blind? Don’t yoow to give way to me!”

The young man was cng and swearing non-stop.

Qin Yzed up the young man and found that there were scars on his chest and blood stains on his face.

He raised his eyebrows and was about to speak when the young man grabbed Qin Yu and said in surprise, “Mr. ... Mr. Qin?”

Qin Yu frowned and said, “You are?”

“I am Di Zun!”The young man said with some excitement.

Qin Yu was stunned.

It was really easy to get here.

Qin Yu was about to ask what was going on when the old man walked over.

He glanced at Qin Yu and said, “Thank you for your help.”

Then, he glared at di zun and sneered, “Let’s see where you can run to!”

The old man walked quickly toward Di zun while Di Zun hid behind Qin Yu.

The old man reached out his hand to grab Di Zun’s arm, but Qin Yu blocked his wrist.

The old man frowned and said coldly, “What do you mean?”

Qin Yiled and said, “This is my friend. Why Don’t yot down and have a good chat?”

“Your Friend?”The Old Man’s face turned cold, and then he gnashed his teeth and said, “This little bastard stole my things and dared to trick me. If I don’t break his legs, I, Huang, am not a human!”

“What do you mean by stealing your things? I obviously swindled him!”Di Zun said indignantly.

“Little Bastard, yoill dare to Talk Back to me!”The old man suddenly flew into a rage.

Qin Yddenly didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. He cupped his hands and said, “What did he steal from you? I’ll pay for it.”

Di Zun said in a low voice, “What I took was the array flag you wanted.”

Qin Yu frowned slightly, and a trace of surprise flashed in his eyes.

There happened to be a small tavern nearby. Qin Yiled and said, “Why don’t we sit down and have a chat?”

Although the old man was a little displeased, he still snorted coldly and agreed.

The three of them came to the tavern together. Qin Yu asked for a pot of tea, three pots of wine, and a few side dishes.

“Old Sir, I don’t blame him for this. The array flag is what I need. He did this to prevent others from getting the array flag first.”

Qin Yood up and poured him a cup of wine.

The old man snorted, “Stop talking nonsense. Take the money.”

“Tell me, how much?”Qin Yid.

The old man said with a gloomy face, “Three hundred million! In addition, I want three purple jade essence snake fangs!”

“You Want Your Grandpa! Old Thing, do you want to raise the price from the ground?”Di Zun slammed the table and stood up.

“Little Bastard, I think you are courting death! If you don’t agree, just return the thing to me!”The old man couldn’t help but be furious. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Qin Yu pulled di zun back and said, “300 million is not a problem, but... what is this purple jade essence snake’s t?”

Di Zun said in a low voice, “This old thing is making things difficult for you. The Purple Jade origin snake is a fierce beast raised by the island Lord and is now openly accepting a challenge.”

“Oh...”Qin Yddenly understood.

“Don’t say that I’m making things difficult for you. I know what this array flag is for,”the old man snorted.

Qin Yiled and said, “No problem! I’ll agree to it.”

“Don’t talk nonsense.”The old man snorted.

Di zun sneered and said, “Old Man, you don’t know who my master is, do you? He is the famous Qin Yu!”

When the old man heard this, a trace of surprise flashed in his eyes. He exclaimed, “Qin Yu?”

Qin Yid with some embarrassment, “Yes, it’s me. Old Sir, yoould be able to rest assured, right?”

“Who’s Qin Yu?”The old man asked, somewhat at a loss.

Qin Yu immediately spat out the mouthful of tea that he had just dr

He waved his hand and said, “Old sir, in short, I’ll promise you. I’ll help you pull out the fangs of this purple jade origin snake.”

The old man stretched out his hand and said, “Stop talking nonsense. Give me back my array flag first!”

Qin Yook his head and said, “That won’t do. I’ve returned the array flag to you. What if it’s snatched by others?”

“Steals? Who would dare to steal something on Deer Emperor Island?”The old man sneered.

To be able to let deer emperor island develop to such a state and protect the fair trade on the island, this should be BASIC.

Although that was the case, Qin Yu was still worried.

He thought for a moment and said, “Old Sir, do yoill have this kind of array flag in your hands?”

The old man sized up Qin Yu and said, “I still have one, but it has already been reserved by others.”