Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1229: Chapter 1229 Slash! 

The Purple Jade origin snake was still rolling its body, trying to grind Qin Yu’s bones into pieces.

But unfortunately, this move was useless against Qin Yu. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Lu Huang, who was sitting on the stage, had an ugly expression on his face.

He was initially proud of himself, but later on, he slowly turned gloomy like water. He couldn’t help but clench his fists.

Qin Yu could clearly see the change in Lu Huang’s expression.

He could not help but sneer in his heart.

This made Qin Yu even more determined to kill this purple jade origin snake.

“Look, that kid is not affected by the purple jade origin snake at all!”

“Is this kid’s body made of steel? It’s actually so terrifying!”

“Steel? His body is probably much stronger than steel!”

Many people stood up and looked at Qin Yu with anticipation.

At this moment, Qin Yu was not affected at all.

Even he himself did not know how terrifying Qin Yu’s body was!

The purple jade origin snake saw that this method was not effective and immediately changed its train of thought.

Its originally smooth body suddenly had scales standing up!

Each scale was like a sharp blade standing up, flashing with a cold light!

It rolled its body again, wanting to use the scales on its body to tear Qin Yu apart alive!

“Chi La Chi la...”

The rolling of its body brought about the crazy friction of the scales. Ear-piercing sounds kept ringing out, and sparks flew everywhere.

White marks were drawn on Qin Yu’s body one after another.

He lowered his head and looked at the scales that were sliding on his body. He couldn’t help but sneer, “Do you think these scales can pierce through my body? Little Fellow, I’m tired of playing with them. It’s time to end this.”

As soon as he finished speaking, Qin Yu’s body emitted an extreme killing intent!

As a demonic beast, the purple jade origin snake was extremely sensitive to killing intent.

When it sensed the coldness emanating from Qin Yu’s body, its pupils suddenly constricted!

Its innate sensitivity to danger made it even more afraid!

But at this moment, it was naturally too late to stop.

Qin Yu suddenly stretched out his hand and grabbed the scale!

Following his furious roar, divine power surged out from his arms!

In the next second, the purple jade origin snake’s scales were forcefully pulled out by Qin Yu!

“Puchi!”

The scales that penetrated deep into the flesh were pulled out, and blood instantly soared into the sky!

The purple jade origin snake’s mouth let out a shrill cry!

Its body, which was tightly wrapped around Qin Yu, also relaxed at this moment.

Qin Yu landed steadily on the ground.

He raised his head to look at the purple jade origin snake and said coldly, “Although the instigator of all this is your master, you are the one who killed people. You have killed so many people. Using your life to exchange for it is not a loss, right?”

The purple jade origin snake seemed to have understood Qin Yu’s words. Its dark eyes emitted a look of fear!

The Invincible Purple Jade origin snake actually wanted to escape at this moment!

However, how could Qin Yu give him the chance? He immediately stood up and clenched his fists tightly. Vast divine power drove his fists and smashed towards the Purple Jade origin snake’s huge head with a crushing force!

This punch did not have any flowery brilliance, it was purely the power of the physical body!

However, it was this ordinary punch that caused the purple jade origin snake to be incomparably terrified!

It wanted to rely on its own speed to escape, but Qin Yu was one step ahead of it.

“Boom!”

The seemingly small punch exploded with an extremely powerful force!

This punch seemed to be able to cause even the heavens and earth to be unable to withstand it. The entire deer emperor island was shaking slightly, and the formation was rapidly flickering with light, protecting this island with great difficulty.

Under this punch, the Purple Jade origin snake’s enormous body was directly sent flying, and a large crater was smashed into its head!

Seeing this scene, everyone sucked in a breath of cold air!

Was the purple jade origin snake going to die today! This was simply unbelievable!

On the high platform, deer emperor slammed the table and stood up, staring at Qin Yu!

The purple jade origin snake’s body smashed through countless mountains before it stabilized itself.

Fortunately, there weren’t any buildings around, or else it would have turned into ruins in an instant.

The purple jade origin snake’s instinct drove it to once again raise its tall head.

However, its body had already begun to become unstable. Its huge head swayed in the air, swaying on the verge of collapsing.

“It’s actually not dead?”Qin Yu was rather surprised.

“Then let’s give it another punch.”The divine power on Qin Yu’s body surged once more.

Realizing that its death was imminent, the purple jade origin snake also became somewhat crazy. It no longer fled, but instead turned around and shot explosively towards Qin Yu.

It flew all the way into the air and then opened its huge mouth. With a powerful suction force, it instantly pounced towards Qin Yu.

This force was incomparably powerful. The huge rocks on the ground all surged towards the high sky, and a level of the ground was forcefully pulled up!

Countless people present could not control their bodies, and their bodies could not help but rush towards the high sky.

For a moment, the manor was filled with screams!

Qin Yu frowned slightly. He snorted lightly and immediately relaxed his body, allowing the purple jade origin snake to swallow him into its mouth!

Looking at Qin Yu who was swallowed, Lu Huang immediately shouted excitedly, “Good! Well Done!”

However, he was happy for less than half a second before his face fell.

He saw the purple jade origin snake that had just closed its mouth open at this moment.

With a glance, Qin Yu propped up the purple jade origin snake’s mouth with one arm. No matter how hard it tried, it could not close its mouth!

“I just happened to want to pull out your teeth. You did me a favor,”Qin Yu said with a cold smile.

The purple jade origin snake’s mouth was full of sharp teeth, but these teeth could not pierce through Qin Yu’s body!

He reached out with one hand and grabbed the purple jade origin snake’s mouth. Then, he exerted force and forcefully pulled it out!

The purple jade origin snake that was in pain immediately wailed incessantly!