Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1230: Chapter 1,230, the enraged Deer Emperor 

Deer Emperor Island was extremely restless that day.

Almost everyone heard the purple jade origin snake’s mournful and pained cry.

“Quickly go to the island Lord’s Manor. I heard that someone is going to kill the purple jade origin snake today!”

“Who is so powerful? To actually be able to kill the Purple Jade origin snake?”

“It’s said that it’s a kid called Qin Yu!”

The old man who was walking leisurely at the side heard this and his pupils suddenly trembled.

He hurriedly pulled the passerby and asked anxiously, “What’s the name of the Kid You’re talking about?”

“Qin Yu! Hurry up and let me go. If it’s too late, I won’t be able to see!”

The old man couldn’t help but be stunned.

“That kid... really wants to kill the Purple Jade Essence Snake?”

This old man was none other than the old man who had made a deal with Qin Yu.

He did not dare to think too much and hurriedly rushed to the island Lord’s Manor. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

In the manor, three of the purple jade origin snake’s fangs had already been pulled out.

The Purple Jade origin snake was in pain and desperately spat Qin Yu Out.

With the fangs in hand, Qin Yu had no need to stay any longer and immediately jumped out of his mouth.

Qin Yu looked up at the purple jade origin snake and sneered, “Alright, it’s time to end this.”

Qin Yu clenched his fist. All the power in his body seemed to be concentrated on a single point of his fist.

Although Qin Yu didn’t have any spiritual power in his body, he also knew the techniques of body refining.

All the power was gathered on this fist. Everyone knew that the purple jade origin snake would have a hard time surviving this fist.

On the high platform, Lu Huang suddenly stood up and looked coldly at Qin Yu.

His body was emitting an intense killing intent. This killing intent was aimed directly at Qin Yu.

Even though he didn’t say anything, this killing intent was shocking.

Qin Yu glanced at Lu Huang and couldn’t help but laugh coldly.

Lu Huang was clearly using this method to warn or threaten Qin Yu to stop.

“Idiot.”Qin Yu sneered. Then, he shot out with his feet toward the purple jade origin snake!

“Stop!”

Seeing that his threat was useless, Lu Huang was furious!

He suddenly roared, and his voice contained powerful spiritual power!

This power interweaved in front of Qin Yu and formed a huge net, trying to block Qin Yu’s Path!

However, how could such a method stop Qin Yu’s footsteps!

His fist directly pierced through the huge net made of spirit energy and headed straight for the Purple Jade origin snake!

The purple jade origin snake’s pupils dilated and it was incomparably terrified. It froze on the spot and didn’t even know how to escape!

“Courting Death!”

On the high platform, Lu Huang was extremely furious. He wanted to help, but it was too late!

“Bang!”

This punch landed firmly on the purple jade origin snake’s head.

Its huge head exploded.

Fresh blood sprayed into the sky before evaporating under the scorching heat from Qin Yu’s body.

“Boom!”

The purple jade origin snake’s body fell to the ground, unable to stand up again.

At this moment, Lu Huang had already rushed in front of Qin Yu.

He first glanced at the purple jade origin snake on the ground before looking coldly at Qin Yu.

“I told you to stop, didn’t you hear me?”Deer Emperor asked coldly.

Qin Yu sneered, “You told me to stop, and I have to stop? What are you?”

“How dare you! How dare you talk to Deer Emperor Like That!”A follower shouted at the side.

Qin Yu looked at him coldly and said, “Who are you? Do you have the right to speak? If you want to vent your anger on your master, why don’t you take a step forward and fight with me?”

The follower opened his mouth and didn’t dare to say anything more.

Deer Emperor’s face was as dark as water. He looked at Qin Yu coldly and said, “Don’t you know that I’m the Master of this island?”

“Who you love has nothing to do with me?”Qin Yu sneered.

“What? You initiated this competition and now you can’t afford to lose?”

Deer Emperor suppressed his anger and said, “Purple Jade Essence Snake has already lost. Why do you have to kill them?”

“Don’t stand here and fart. The players who wanted to withdraw from the competition also admitted defeat. Why did you kill them?”Qin Yu said coldly.

“The purple jade origin snake has killed so many people, but you didn’t even fart. Now that I have taken your pet, you are going to jump up and down?”

“What? Only the state officials are allowed to set fire, but the people are not allowed to light lamps?”

These few words left the deer emperor speechless.

And the surrounding crowd widened their eyes.

“Who is this kid? How dare he speak to the deer emperor like that?”

“Oh my God, the Deer Emperor is probably going to be angry!”

“The person who provoked the deer emperor last time seems to have died a terrible death!”

Everyone couldn’t help but break out in cold sweat for Qin Yu, and their hearts were filled with terror.

Deer Emperor narrowed his eyes and sized up Qin Yu. He sneered and said, “You are trying to reason with me, aren’t you? Then do you know that the rules of Deer Emperor Island are all set by me?”

“Is that so? Then I will destroy your rules today!”Qin Yu said coldly.

Their eyes met, and the atmosphere was extremely tense.

At this moment, Deer Emperor suddenly stretched out his palm, and the chain tied to the neck of the Purple Jade origin snake returned to his hand.

“Very well, since you killed the purple jade origin snake, then you will take his place.”Deer Emperor said coldly.