Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1232: Chapter 1232, the Bottomless Abyss 

Di zun said, “Compared to you beheading the purple jade origin snake, I admire you more for being able to persevere in your heart at this time.”

Qin Yu did not say anything, indicating for Di Zun to continue.

Di zun sighed, “Under such a situation, most people would choose to compromise. It’s either for the sake of huge benefits, or because they can’t save face, or because of other reasons. They either change their inner thoughts, or they don’t follow their inner thoughts.”

Qin Yu was a little surprised after hearing it.

He really didn’t expect that Di Zun would have so many thoughts in his head.

“Looks like you have quite the comprehension ability, kid,”Qin Yu said half-jokingly and half-seriously.

Di Zun touched his nose and smiled embarrassedly, “It’s just a little bit of my comprehension.”

Qin Yu patted his shoulder. Because there was no spiritual power, Qin Yu couldn’t see Di Zun’s talent.

They left the manor and found a place to sit down.

“Master, you have pulled out the three fangs. Should we go find that old man?”Di Zun asked.

Qin Yu took a sip of tea and waved his hand. “No need. He will come to find me.”

Before he finished his words, there was a knock on the door.

“Look, he is already here,”Qin Yu said with a smile.

Di Zun did not say anything. He quickly walked over and opened the door.

As expected, the person standing outside the door was the old man.

He walked in with an embarrassed smile and then sat opposite Qin Yu.

“I didn’t expect Mr. Qin to have such ability! I really admire you!”The old man cupped his hands and said.

Qin Yu smiled and said, “You’re too polite, old man.”

Then, Qin Yu poured him a cup of tea.

This immediately made him feel overwhelmed by the favor, and his face was full of fear.

Then, Qin Yu took out the three tusks from the spatial artifact and handed them to the old man.

“Old sir, these are the tusks you want,”Qin Yu said.

The old man immediately felt a little embarrassed. He smiled and said, “Speaking of which, I’m a little embarrassed to take them. How about... I only take one?”

“Take it. This is what I promised you,”said Qin Yu.

Seeing this, the old man no longer hesitated and immediately put the three tusks into his bag.

“Thank you very much.”The old man cupped his hands to Qin Yu.

At this moment, there was a knock on the door again.

When the door opened, they found two men in tight clothes.

They held a huge treasure chest in their hands and walked all the way to Qin Yu.

“Who are you?”Di Zun frowned and asked.

The two people cupped their hands and said, “Mr. Qin, this is the skin of the purple jade origin snake. Lord Lu Huang ordered us to send it over.”

“Lord Lu Huang said that this was beheaded by you. Naturally, it should be given to you.”

“This item is indestructible. Please accept it, Mr. Qin.”

After saying this, the two people left in a hurry. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

A moment later, another person came up to the door.

“Mr. Qin, this is the blood of the Purple Jade origin snake. Lord Deer Emperor has personally processed it. This is a high-quality medicinal lure. Please accept it, Mr. Qin.”

“Mr. Qin, this is...”

In a short instant, deer emperor sent a large number of treasures over.

Each of these treasures was very valuable.

In addition to the purple jade origin snake, there were also many spiritual artifacts and natural treasures.

Qin Yu couldn’t help but frown. He didn’t expect that the Deer Emperor would be so stubborn.

“Go back and tell the deer emperor not to send any more things. If he really wants to send them, send him the array flags,”Qin Yu said half-jokingly and half-seriously.

“Yes, Mr. Qin. We will tell him the truth.”

The two of them returned to the Deer Emperor’s castle and told the deer emperor this.

“Formation flags? Formation flags heading to the Holy Region?”Deer Emperor couldn’t help but frown.

“We don’t know either. He only told us to ask for formation flags.”

Deer Emperor said in a low voice, “These formation flags aren’t easy to find...”

“It’s hard to say how many formation flags there are in the world. He’s obviously deliberately making things difficult for you, or finding an excuse to reject your good intentions.”An old man walked up and said.

Deer Emperor’s face was as dark as water. He took a sip of tea and said, “It seems that this kid is determined not to befriend me.”

“Deer Emperor, I have an idea.”At this moment, someone walked up and said.

Deer Emperor glanced at him and said coldly, “Speak.”

The old man said coldly, “The bottomless abyss on Deer Emperor Island might be suitable for him.”

“Bottomless Abyss?”Deer Emperor’s expression changed slightly. He seemed to be quite afraid of this bottomless abyss.

“That’s right.”The old man nodded and said.

“It is said that this bottomless abyss is connected to a certain world and is full of dangers. If he can walk out of it safe and sound, then he must be able to obtain something. If he can’t, then dying is not a bad choice.”

The Deer Emperor kept silent.

He did not know much about this bottomless abyss. He only knew that the bottomless abyss was unfathomable, and there would be strange sounds coming from time to time.

Other than that, treasures were often born in the bottomless abyss.

Even the Purple Jade origin snake had walked out of the bottomless abyss.

After hesitating for a while, the deer emperor took a deep breath, then patted the table and said, “Alright, I’ll do as you say!”

“Yes, I’ll go ask him now,”the old man said quickly.

“No.”The Deer Emperor stopped him.

He slowly stood up and said, “I’ll go myself.”