Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1236: Chapter 1,236. Yan Ruoxue is here? 

Old Mister Yan did not make the funeral, which made the guests who were about to pay their respects extremely awkward.

It was already dark, and they were sitting in the hall. They did not know whether to leave or stay.

Ever since Qin Yu came, Old Mister Yan seemed to have returned to life. He had no intention of leaving at all.

Just as everyone was feeling awkward, old Mister Yan suddenly pushed open the door and walked out.

Seeing old Mister Yan walking out, Qin Yu hurriedly walked forward to support him.

Old Mister Yan waved his hand. He stood on the second floor and looked down at the people below. He slowly said, “It’s getting late. I Won’t be keeping you all for dinner. Everyone, please leave.”

With old Mister Yan’s words, they could finally leave this place.

After some small talk, everyone stood up and left.

“Dad, what do you want to eat? I’ll get someone to prepare it for you,”Yan Yongxiu asked.

Old Mister Yan waved his hand and said, “You guys can go down first.”

“Dad, how do you feel now? Do you need to get a doctor to take a look at you?”Yan Sihai walked forward and asked.

Old Mister Yan shook his head and said, “Alright, go and do what you need to do.”

With that, old Mister Yan looked at Qin Yu and said, “Qin Yu, come and play another game with me.”

Qin Yu opened his mouth and could not help but feel a little uncomfortable.

He knew that this was probably the last time the two of them would play chess.

“Alright.”Qin Yu accompanied Old Mister Yan and sat down.

He took out the chessboard and set up the chess pieces.

“You may begin first,”Qin Yu said to Old Mister Yan.

Old Mister Yan did not stand on ceremony. He picked up the chess piece and slowly placed it down. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Do you know why I gave the position of family head to Yan Sihai?”At this moment, old Mister Yan suddenly asked.

Qin Yu was silent for a moment, he said, “You did this to avoid the internal strife of the Yan family, right? Yan Sihai is deeply rooted in JINGDU, and the other three are definitely not his match. If he gave it to someone else, sooner or later, it would return to the hands of the Yan family, and the other three brothers would be hurt because of it.”

Hearing these words, Old Mister Yan could not help but sigh. “Qin Yu, you are no longer the young man who was just a fledgling back then.”

Qin Yu sighed in his heart.

That’s right, time flies. When someone grows up, it will inevitably be accompanied by someone’s decline.

Life was short for a few decades, and no one could cross this step.

“No one would have thought that the martial world would develop to such a degree,”old Mister Yan sighed in a low voice.

At this point, old Mister Yan suddenly asked, “Where’s Yan Jinyao?”

“He... he’s already gone to the saint-level,”Qin Yu said.

The reason why he hadn’t killed Yan Jinyao back then was largely because of old Mister Yan.

After all, he was old Mister Yan’s biological grandson, and he was an extremely talented young man. It was impossible for old Mister Yan not to like him.

“Yan Jinyao’s life has been excellent since he was young. Although he’s talented in many areas, he’s too cold-blooded.”Old Mister Yan sighed slightly.

“Speaking of which, Ruoxue is the most reliable person. She has balanced all aspects. It’s a pity...”

Old Mister Yan let out a long sigh when he said this.

Qin Yu knew that the reason why old Mister Yan did not leave was because he was waiting for Yan Ruoxue.

Qin Yu still lost to Old Mister Yan in this game of chess.

However, old Mister Yan knew in his heart that the current Qin Yu was no longer the young kid whose life was planned by others.

After a game of chess, old Mister Yan seemed to be a little tired.

It was already past nine o’clock in the evening. Old Mister Yan’s eyes would occasionally look at the clock hanging on the wall, as if he was waiting for something.

“Old Mister Yan, you should go and rest. I’ll guard this place. If there’s anything, I’ll let you know,”Qin Yu said in a low voice.

Old Mister Yan nodded. He slowly stood up and turned around to return to his room.

The door closed. Qin Yu sat alone in the living room on the second floor. He could not help but sigh at how things had changed.

It was as if nothing had changed, or as if everything had changed.

Qin Yu sat quietly in his room.

The Moonlight Tonight was extremely bright. It penetrated through the thin glass and lit up the dark room.

Downstairs, Yan Sihai and the others had already left. They each held important positions, so they did not stay any longer.

In the vast manor of the Yan family, there were only Qin Yu and old Mister Yan.

The servants responsible for taking care of old Mister Yan’s daily life had also been dismissed.

Time passed by minute by minute. Qin Yu sat on old Mister Yan’s seat, his eyes slightly closed, as if he was feeling the glory of this legend of Jingdu.

“WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!”

At this moment, Qin Yu suddenly heard a few voices coming from outside the window.

He hurriedly stood up and strode out of the room.

He saw three figures approaching at an extremely fast speed. Finally, they steadily stopped at the door.

The three of them wore black robes and wrapped themselves tightly. Even their internal Qi was restrained. No one could tell their identities.

But even so, Qin Yu still instinctively felt a trace of familiarity.

“Ruoxue... Ruoxue, is that you?”Qin Yu asked in a trembling voice.

The black-robed man standing in the middle of the room clearly trembled slightly.

“Ruoxue, I knew you would come back!”Qin Yu quickly walked forward, wanting to give Qin Yu a hug.

But at this moment, the two black-robed men beside him blocked Qin Yu.

Qin Yu was greatly puzzled. He stared in the direction of Yan Ruoxue and said anxiously, “Ruoxue, what... What do you mean?”

Yan Ruoxue was silent for a moment. In the end, she didn’t say anything.

She hurriedly passed by Qin Yu and quickly walked into the hall.

Qin Yu frowned. He raised his head and looked at the two tall black-clothed men in front of him. He felt a strong sense of displeasure in his heart.

These two men grabbed Qin Yu’s arms as if they were restricting Qin Yu’s movements.

Just as Qin Yu was about to flare up, one of the black-robed men said coldly, “If you don’t want anything to happen to the princess, don’t Say Anything.”