Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1313: Chapter 1,313, news from sister Lin 

“Qin Yu, if you want revenge, you should look for Zhong Wu and Ling Yun! You shouldn’t be pestering me here!”Jin Lun was furious.

“Stop pretending to be a good person. Why? You Can’t afford to offend Zhong Wu and Ling Yun, so you’re blaming me to get rid of your guilt, right?”

Qin Yu sneered. “How do you know I Won’t go after them? Come at me one by one. None of you can escape.”

Jin Lun’s expression was a little ugly. He forced himself to be angry and said, “Qin Yu, don’t go too far! We have a common enemy, and that is Zhong Wu!”

“Hehe, in my eyes, you’re no different from Zhong Wu. You’re just a despicable person,”Qin Yu said coldly.

At this moment, Jin Lun knew that Qin Yu would not let him off. He took a deep breath, and in the next second, his right arm suddenly shook. That thick and strong arm actually exploded, turning into a bloody dance!

Then, Jin Lun quickly got up and ran away!

He was a genuine mid-stage almighty, and his speed was definitely not something that Qin Yu, who did not have spiritual power to support, could compare to.

Therefore, Qin Yu did not pursue.

“He actually cut off his arm...”Qin Yu frowned.

If he had known this would happen, he would have grabbed his head.

“That person, is he the Golden Wheel of the Hunter Organization?”Sister Lin walked forward and asked with a smile.

Qin Yu was slightly surprised and said, “You know him?”

“I know him. The hunter organization is also cooperating with our auction. How could I not know the famous Hunter King?”Sister Lin said with a smile.

Qin Yu nodded slightly. That was true.

“You have Twilight Qi in your body, right?”Sister Lin suddenly said at this time.

As soon as she said this, Qin Yu’s heart immediately thumped.

He looked at sister Lin with a face full of shock and exclaimed, “You... how did you know?”

Sister Lin smiled and said, “Your body has no spiritual power to speak of, and you are in urgent need of life qi. I can’t think of any other reason other than Twilight Qi.”

Qin Yu fell silent.

Yes, all of these characteristics were too obvious.

“If you tell the Heavenly Cloud sect about this, they will definitely be willing to nurture you and find the Twilight Qi for you,”sister Lin continued.

“With your ability, once you recover your spiritual power, you will definitely be able to stir up the entire South Province. The Heavenly Cloud sect absolutely does not want to see that.”

Qin Yu smiled bitterly and said, “I did tell them before, but they did not believe it. It is precisely because of this reason that enmity was formed.”

When sister Lin heard this, she couldn’t help but shake her head and say, “To put it bluntly, the Heavenly Cloud sect is an organization, a group. Any group hopes to have a long lifespan.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“And the key factor for a long lifespan is to have strong new blood. I believe that the Heavenly Cloud sect will put aside the feud between the two of you and accept you again.”

Sister Lin was right. The Heavenly Cloud sect would definitely be willing to nurture such a person.

The good news was that they had killed their team leader and formed a deep hatred.

“No, thank you, Sister Lin,”Qin Yu said.

“One of us must die.”

Sister Lin looked at Qin Yu in surprise. After a moment of silence, she smiled and said, “Then I suggest you find a sect that is on par with the Heavenly Cloud Sect.”

“Forget it. Let’s talk about it in the future.”Qin Yu waved his hand.

Qin Yu had always been a loner. It was not a good thing for him to join a sect.

Seeing this, sister Lin did not say anything more.

“Sister Lin, when did you see through it?”Qin Yu asked in puzzlement.

Sister Lin was silent for a moment, and then said, “When you asked me about the life Qi at the auction.”

“So Powerful?”Qin Yu could not help but be shocked.

At that time, Qin Yu and sister Lin had only met once. It could even be said that they had only met face to face.

“In our line of work, we naturally have sharp eyes,”sister Lin said with a smile.

“If I didn’t see that you are extraordinary, I wouldn’t have taken the risk of offending the Heavenly Cloud sect to get close to you.”

Sister Lin was honest and directly stated her intentions.

Qin Yu cupped his hands and said, “Thank you, sister Lin.”

“I may need your help in the future. I hope that you won’t turn hostile and refuse to acknowledge me when the time comes,”sister Lin said with a smile.

“Definitely.”Qin Yu nodded.

Sister Lin didn’t stay any longer and quickly left the place.

Qin Yu also took this note and returned to his residence.

In the room, Wen Da and Wen Er were still playing around. Seeing Qin Yu rushing back, Wen da rushed over with big strides.

“She gave it to you?”Wen Da said with his eyes wide open.

Qin Yu acknowledged and said, “It can be considered as giving it to you.”

“She really gave it to you? !”Wen Da’s eyes were wide open.

Qin Yu said with some doubt, “Why are you so agitated?”

“Damn it, she gave it to you just like that? I refuse to accept it!”Wen Da looked like he was beating his chest and stomping his feet.

Seeing this, Qin Yu hurriedly said, “It’s not really given to me. She just gave me an address. I have to find it myself.”

“What’s That?”Wen Da was even more puzzled.

Qin Yu said, “The aura of life. She gave me an address. I have to find it myself.”

When Wen da heard this, he immediately heaved a sigh of relief.

He patted his chest and muttered, “F * ck, you scared me. I thought I really gave it to you...”

Qin Yu was confused and couldn’t be bothered with Wen da anymore.

He took out the map and looked for the location on the map according to the name on the note.