Chapter 1317: Chapter 1,317, the vitality of Yangcheng 

“Miss, this kid...”

“Alright, you can leave now. I believe that Young Master Qin is not that kind of person.”

Ah San wanted to say something else, but was interrupted by Wan ‘Er.

Helpless, ah San could only retreat outside the door.

He stood at the door, fully focused, afraid that Qin Yu would do something to Wan ‘Er.

Wan ‘Er was also a little worried. She and Qin Yu had only met by chance, and neither of them knew each other.

But in Wan ‘Er’s current state, she simply couldn’t bear any storms.

“Don’t worry, I Won’t do anything to you. I’m not interested in you at all,”Qin Yu said faintly.

Wan ‘er, who was originally worried, couldn’t help but be startled when she heard this.

She heaved a sigh of relief and felt a little disappointed.

Not interested at all? This was undoubtedly a humiliation for a woman.

Which man wouldn’t be interested in a beautiful woman?

Qin Yu didn’t know what she was thinking, nor did he want to know. He only wanted to recover his strength and not delay the journey tomorrow.

Qin Yu didn’t know when, but he fell into a deep sleep.

Wan ‘er, on the other hand, could not fall asleep no matter how hard she tried. From time to time, she would get up and look at Qin Yu, as if she wanted to confirm if he was really asleep.

Just like that, the whole night was tormented.

The next morning, Qin Yu stretched his body and sat up in high spirits.

Wan ‘er, on the other hand, looked haggard, and her state of mind was extremely poor.

“If you don’t have a good rest, you can rest and then continue on your journey.”Qin Yu glanced at her and said.

Wan ‘er shook her head and said, “No, it’s better to hurry.”

Qin Yu didn’t say anything more. He pushed open the door and was about to set off.

Ah San, who was outside the door, blocked Qin Yu’s path.

He looked at Qin Yu coldly and said, “Kid, you didn’t do anything to Miss Wan ‘er, right?”

“Second comparison.”Qin Yu cursed and turned to leave.

“You!”Ah San clenched his fists, his eyes almost spitting fire.

If it weren’t for Wan ‘er refusing to let him go, he would have rushed up and fought Qin Yu with all his might.

After riding on the wind-chasing stallion, Qin Yu sped towards Yang City.

After another two days, Qin Yu finally arrived at Yang City.

Looking at the scene of Yang City in front of him, Qin Yu couldn’t help but be slightly stunned.

This Yang City was actually born in a canyon, growing on a cliff. It was really a line of sky.

Outside Yang City, there was a huge river. This river was extremely wide, but it was quite calm.

And South Province and west ridge were separated by this river.

“Yang City is actually such a place...”Qin Yu couldn’t help but frown.

This was very different from what he had imagined. A Long Yang City would fall into the river if he wasn’t careful, right?

“Forget about him. Let’s look for the life force first,”Qin Yu said in his heart.

On the note was a family called the Chen family.

And the person sister Lin asked Qin Yu to look for was called Chen Cang.

Qin Yu put away the wind chasing colt for the time being and then began to inquire about this Chen family.

Yangcheng was not considered big, so it was not difficult to inquire about a person.

And the Chen family, which possessed the life force, naturally had a certain reputation in the local area. Therefore, they quickly found this Chen family.

Two servants stood at the door of the Chen family. They held sticks in their hands and looked dignified.

When they saw Qin Yu walking over, the two of them immediately grabbed sticks and held them at the door.

“Who are you looking for?”The two of them asked coldly.

Qin Yu quickly walked forward and cupped his hands. “I’m here to look for Mr. Chen Cang. Sister Lin introduced me to him. Please inform me.”

“Wait here.”One of them turned around and returned to the house.

A few minutes later, he walked out.

“Follow me,”the servant said.

Qin Yu nodded and said, “Thank you.”

Under the lead of the servant, Qin Yu came to the guest room of the Chen family.

The guest room was not big, but there were two maidservants who were responsible for serving tea and pouring water.

Qin Yu waited here for a few minutes before an old man slowly walked in from outside.

Seeing this old man, Qin Yu hurriedly stood up, cupped his hands and said, “You must be Mr. Chen Cang, Mr. Chen.”

The old man nodded slightly, then waved his hand, indicating for Qin Yu to sit.

Qin Yu did not waste any time. He went straight to the point and said, “Mr. Chen, I came here this time for the Qi of life.”

Hearing this, Chen Cang frowned.

Obviously, he did not know the purpose of Qin Yu’s arrival.

“Mr. Chen, I will not take your things for free. No matter what conditions you have, you can tell me. As long as I can do it, I will not refuse!”Qin Yu said sincerely.

Chen Cang shook his head and said, “I will not take out the life qi. Otherwise, I will send it to the GU city auction.”

“Old Mister Chen, this life qi is very important to me. If...”

“It is very important to you, and it is the same for me,”Chen Cang Interrupted Qin Yu.

“Don’t waste your energy. If you are here as a guest, I welcome you. If it is for the life qi, then please leave,”said Chen Cang.

Chen Cang’s attitude was extremely firm. It could be seen that no matter what Qin Yu said, he would not agree. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Seeing this, Qin Yu could not help but sigh slightly.

As expected, it was not so easy to obtain life qi.

“Old Mr. Chen, how about this?”At this moment, Qin Yu changed the topic.

“I don’t want your life Qi. Can you tell me where this life Qi comes from?”