Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1319: Chapter 1,319, internal Qi 

It had to be said that girls were more attentive.

Qin Yu thought for a moment and nodded. “That’s a thought. I can give it a try, but... why did you tell me?” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Wan ‘er sighed slightly, she said, “Ever since I got this disease, I have experienced all kinds of suffering and was not welcomed at home. I have really had enough of this kind of feeling, so I can understand your feelings and understand your pain.”

Qin Yu was slightly stunned, and his heart was suddenly filled with mixed feelings.

He understood what Wan ‘er meant, but... The pain he suffered because of the Twilight Qi was far less than one-tenth of hers.

“Although third is impulsive, he’s also the only person in the entire family who’s willing to help me.”Wan ‘Er put away the map.

Qin Yu didn’t say anything. At this moment, he suddenly understood why third was filled with hostility toward him.

“Miss Wan ‘er, I believe that we will definitely be able to obtain the life force this time.”Qin Yu could only console her.

Wan ‘er nodded and said, “Then let’s work hard together.”

She did not stay any longer and quickly left the room.

Qin Yu lay on the bed and could not help but sigh slightly.

Speaking of which, wan ‘er seemed to need the life force more than him.

The holy region was a place where strength was respected. Without the support of spiritual energy, one would definitely be looked down upon.

Even if Qin Yu had an indestructible body, he would still be ignored by the Tianyun sect, let alone Wan ‘Er.

Lying on the bed, he couldn’t fall asleep no matter how much he tossed and turned, so he got up and decided to go out for a stroll.

Wan ‘Er’s room wasn’t far from Qin Yu’s, so Qin Yu had only taken a few steps when he heard the conversation between Wan ‘er and Ah San coming from the room.

“Miss Wan ‘er, if Chen Cang insists on not giving it to you, I will kill him and force him to hand it over!”Ah San said fiercely.

Hearing this, Qin Yu unconsciously stopped in his tracks.

“No, absolutely not,”wan ‘er hurriedly said.

“But... But if you don’t get the life force, your body will never be able to recover! Now, the entire clan thinks that you are a burden. If you can endure it, I can’t!”

Ah San’s voice was filled with anger and crying, as if he had endured it to the extreme.

After a while, wan ‘er said softly, “There will be a way, there will definitely be a way...”

Hearing the conversation between the two, Qin Yu couldn’t help but sigh slightly.

...

The next day.

At the dining table, Wan ‘er and Qin Yu looked at each other.

Qin Yu put down the chopsticks in his hand and then looked at Chen Cang.

“Old Mister Chen, it must be very difficult for you to get that life Qi,”Qin Yu said, intentionally or unintentionally.

Chen Cang glanced at Qin Yu and said, “Don’t ask me for information. I know you need this thing, but it’s better to have no spiritual power than to die.”

Qin Yu followed his words and continued, “So, the place where the life qi is located is very dangerous, right?”

Chen Cang did not hide anything. He said in a deep voice, “It’s very dangerous. It’s more dangerous than you can imagine.”

Qin Yu was immediately secretly delighted.

He smiled and looked at Chen Cang, he said, “Old Mister Chen, I have checked the map of Yang City. Before I came, I did a detailed investigation. In Yang City, there seem to be only two places that can pose a threat to our lives. One is the great river called the Dead Sea at the entrance, and the other place is the mountain range behind us.”

“Based on this reasoning, your life qi either comes from the mountain range or the four seas,”Qin Yu said.

“So, even if you don’t tell us, we will still try.”

Chen Cang’s expression immediately became extremely cold.

He angrily put down the chopsticks in his hand and berated, “That’s your business, it has nothing to do with me! Even if you die, you are asking for it, not because of me!”

After saying this, Chen Cang Rice stopped eating and turned around to walk out.

Qin Yu immediately felt a little embarrassed.

He didn’t expect Chen Cang to be so stubborn.

“It seems that this method is not feasible.”Qin Yu sighed.

However, wan ‘er beside him shook her head and said, “No, our goal has been achieved.”

“Oh?”Qin Yu looked at Wan ‘er with slight surprise.

Wan ‘er said, “There is only one reason why Mr. Chen is so excited, and that is because we are right.”

“In other words, we have already ruled out the possibility that the vital energy comes from other places.”

Qin Yu looked at Wan ‘Er in surprise, then gave her a thumbs up and said, “You are quite attentive.”

“Of course, our miss is a favored daughter of heaven!”Ah San snorted. “If it weren’t for that incident, Miss would have...”

“AH SAN!”At this moment, wan ‘er stopped Ah San’s words.

She looked at Qin Yu and said, “Young Master Qin, we can try to start from these two places. I believe that we will definitely be able to find the life force.”

Qin Yu agreed, “Alright, we will do as you say.”

“Kid, I think we should split up and act separately. We don’t want you to take advantage of us.”Ah San snorted coldly.

Qin Yu glanced at him and said, “I’m afraid you guys are the ones taking advantage of us.”

AH SAN said mockingly, “With just you? Since you are also affected by the Twilight Energy, I’m afraid you will be reduced to a level one cripple, right?”

“Even a heaven’s favored daughter like miss is so passive, let alone you?”