Chapter 1353: Chapter 1,353, the sect Master of the Heavenly Cloud sect descended 

A fruit that could raise one’s cultivation? That was probably not an ordinary fruit. It was probably some kind of heavenly treasure.

And even the absolute dance did not know what it was exactly. It was enough to witness the miraculous degree of this fruit.

Qin Yu did not waste any more words. He immediately brought the absolute dance and rushed towards the peak of the great Yue Mountain.

They rushed all the way to the top of Mount Dayue. This place was deserted, and it seemed that no one had been here for a long time.

On one side of the peak, there were a few buildings that looked like temples. There were some cracks in the buildings, which seemed to be the traces left by the cultivation of Mount Dayue.

“It’s Over There!”Jue Wu sat on Qin Yu’s shoulder and pointed in a certain direction.

Qin Yu nodded and walked in the direction that Jue Wu had pointed out.

Soon, large patches of fruits appeared in front of Qin Yu.

These fruits were very small and their entire bodies were red, similar to cherries.

And there were traces of dew like immortal dew on them, which made the fruits crystal clear.

“This is it.”Jue Wu jumped down from Qin Yu’s shoulder. Then, she opened her small mouth, and a strong suction force immediately burst out.

In the blink of an eye, more than half of the fruits went into Jue Wu’s mouth.

“Hey, Hey, Hey, leave some for me!”Qin Yu was anxious and quickly covered Jue Wu’s mouth.

The fruits hit Qin Yu’s palm and then fell to the ground.

Jue Wu mumbled while chewing, “I’m sorry... I forgot...”

Qin Yu hurriedly picked up the fruits and sniffed them.

“HM?”

He was surprised to find that there was no spiritual energy in the fruits at all.

“No wonder no one picked them...”Qin Yu put them in his mouth and tried to chew them. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

A magical feeling instantly exploded in Qin Yu’s mouth.

In just an instant, Qin Yu felt the air rush to his brain and then spread throughout his meridians!

“What... What’s going on?”Qin Yu could not help but be stunned.

This strange feeling was somewhat similar to the Enlightenment tea.

Could it be that this fruit was similar to the Enlightenment Tea?

Thinking of this, Qin Yu hurriedly looked at Jue Wu and said, “What exactly is the effect of this thing?”

Jue Wu wiped the water stains on her mouth and said with a sob, “In any case, this thing can raise one’s realm...”

Hearing this, Qin Yu was immediately overjoyed.

It seemed that his guess was right. The effect of this fruit was exactly similar to the Enlightenment tea!

“Give me the rest, okay?”Qin Yu looked at Jue Wu with a smile.

Jue Wu waved his hand and said, “I’ll give it all to you. It’s yours.”

“Heh, then thank you very much.”Qin Yu didn’t stand on ceremony.

He put all these fruits into the spatial god tool and planned to use them for cultivation when his spiritual power recovered.

After putting away these fruits, Qin Yu looked at Jue Wu gratefully.

“Thank you,”Qin Yu said.

At this time, Jue Wu frowned slightly and had a strange expression.

“What’s Wrong?”Qin Yu asked immediately.

Jue Wu said in a low voice, “No, I feel like I’m about to break through. I have to go back to seclusion. Quick, take me down the mountain.”

“So Suddenly?”Qin Yu couldn’t help but be stunned.

Jue Wu jumped onto Qin Yu’s shoulder and urged, “Hurry up and leave.”

...

“This Qin Yu and that Jue Wu seem to have an unusual relationship,”Zhuo Jing said in a low voice in front of the Jade table.

“I can see that the two of them seem to have befriended each other.”

“Most of the people who befriended Jue Wu are abnormal.”

“It seems like Jue Wu and Wen Wanli are planning to protect Qin Yu. I reckon that the Heavenly Cloud sect will not be able to do anything to him.”

As they were speaking, a commotion suddenly came from outside.

Looking Up, they saw the people from the heavenly cloud sect walking over.

The person leading the way was their sect master.

“The people from the Heavenly Cloud sect are here,”Zhuo Jing said in a deep voice.

“There’s a good show to watch. I really want to see how the sect master of the Heavenly Cloud sect will handle this matter.”

Li Yingying frowned. “Qin Yu killed Ling Yun in public. This matter will definitely not end well. Even with Jue Wu and Wen Wanli protecting him, it won’t work.”

At this moment, Qin Yu rushed down from the top of the mountain.

He directly passed by the sect leader of the Heavenly Cloud sect and ran down the mountain.

The sect leader of the heavenly cloud sect frowned slightly. He looked at the two people and frowned. “That was Jue Wu just now, right?”

“That’s right. Besides Jue Wu, there’s also that Qin Yu!”The first elder gritted his teeth and said.

“Oh? That young man just now was Qin Yu?”The sect master raised his eyebrows as if he was quite interested.

The first elder didn’t have the leisure mind. He said in a cold voice, “Sect master, he probably knows that we’re here, so he ran away.”

The sect master didn’t say anything. He smiled and said, “It doesn’t matter. If I want to find him, I can find him even if he hides to the ends of the Earth.”

Then, he waved his hand and said, “Take a seat first.”

As the number one sect in the South Province, his arrival naturally attracted countless gazes.

Many people quickly walked forward and greeted him.

Not far away, Wen Wanli had a disdainful look on his face.

“A bunch of people who want to climb up to the dragon and the Phoenix,”Wen Wanli snorted lightly.

“Grandpa, the SECT Master of the Heavenly Cloud sect will definitely find trouble with Qin Yu. You have to think of a way,”Wen da said with some worry.