Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1360: Chapter 1,360, son of the sect master of the Heavenly Cloud Sect! 1 

After this young master entered the door, the two followers beside him quickly followed him.

He came all the way to Qin Yu, holding a folding fan in his hand, and said coldly, “You are Qin Yu?”

Qin Yu glanced at him and said, “Who are you?”

The young man said coldly, “You don’t need to know who I am. In short, you made the Heavenly Cloud sect lose face in front of so many people yesterday, right?”

Qin Yu narrowed her eyes slightly and said, “Why? Are you going to settle the score after autumn?”

The young man put his hands behind his back and said indifferently, “The dignity of the heavenly cloud sect can not be insulted. I’ll give you a chance to go to the myriad sect meeting to apologize. This matter can be put to rest.”

Qin Yu couldn’t help but sneer and say, “Get lost quickly.”

The white-clothed young man narrowed his eyes slightly and said, “I’m now asking you to go to the myriad sect meeting to kneel and apologize. Otherwise...”

“Or else what?”Qin Yu looked at the young man from the corner of her eyes.

“Or else I’ll kill you!”The young man shouted.

Qin Yu sneered and said, “Then just make your move. Let everyone in the world know that Your Heavenly Cloud sect is a person who goes back on his words.”

“I’ll see that you’re courting death!”The young man shouted, and the folding fan in his hand suddenly hacked at Qin Yu’s vital gate!

Qin Yu’s expression changed slightly, and a trace of coldness appeared in his heart. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

This young man was extremely vicious, and his attack was aimed at taking Qin Yu’s life!

Qin Yu naturally wouldn’t sit still and wait for death. He clenched his right hand into a fist and fiercely welcomed the incoming attack.

“Chi la!”

However, the expected collision didn’t occur. The folding fan directly shattered the moment it touched, and then it headed straight for his face!

Qin Yu did not expect the white-robed young man to be so weak, so his punches were extremely sharp.

It was too late to stop now!

“Stop!”The expression of the attendant behind him changed drastically, and he quickly rushed towards Qin Yu.

Unfortunately, he was still one step too late.

Qin Yu’s fist smashed firmly onto the white-robed young man’s face.

With a crisp “Kacha”sound, his head exploded like a watermelon!

His white clothes were dyed red with fresh blood, like blossoming beautiful flowers.

His body fell straight down.

Qin Yu frowned slightly and snorted coldly, “With such little ability, you dare to come and make a ruckus? You overestimate yourself.”

After throwing out these words, Qin Yu sat down again.

Wen Da and Wen Er didn’t take it seriously. The two of them muttered, “What kind of thing dares to come and take advantage of me?”

Qin Yu spread his hands and also felt that it was a little strange.

At this moment, the two followers walked up angrily.

Their faces were occupied by anger and fear. They were even trembling.

“Qin Yu, do you... Do you know who he is!”One of the followers said with a trembling voice.

Qin Yu sneered, “I don’t care who he is. He deserves to die for coming to challenge me.”

“He... he is the son of the sect master of the Heavenly Cloud Sect, the only son! You... you have caused a big trouble!”The attendant said in fear.

The two of them didn’t dare to stay any longer, nor did they attack Qin Yu. Instead, they fled in a hurry.

Qin Yu’s expression was also somewhat ugly.

He looked at the white-clothed young man on the ground and said in a low voice, “How can the son of the sect leader of the Tianyun sect be so weak? Furthermore, he doesn’t have any protective measures...”

At this moment, Li Yingying’s face was already pale from fright. Meanwhile, Wen Da and Wen Er’s faces also revealed a trace of solemnity.

This white-clothed young man was the son of the sect leader. He wasn’t someone that Ling Yun could compare to.

“I did hear that the sect master of the Tianyun sect had a son, but he never showed his face in public. Very few people have seen him,”Wen da said in a deep voice.

“Why would he suddenly come out and shout at you? It’s really strange...”Wen er added.

Qin Yu was a little worried.

They had just warmed up their relationship with the Tianyun sect, but now that he had killed his son, their relationship would probably drop to the freezing point again.

“That... I still have something to do, so I’ll take my leave first.”At this moment, Li Yingying suddenly stood up and said.

She didn’t stop for even a moment. She turned around and left in a hurry.

Looking at her leaving figure, Qin Yu couldn’t help but sneer in his heart.

Just now, she boasted shamelessly that she wanted to follow Qin Yu, but now she turned around and ran. She didn’t even dare to look back.

“Qin Yu, this isn’t a place to stay for long. Let’s leave quickly before the news spreads,”Wen da said in a deep voice.

Qin Yu nodded. Once the sect master of the Tianyun sect found out about this, it would be difficult for her to escape.

“Wen Er, take Qin Yu home first. I’m going to inform Grandpa Now.”Wen Da displayed a rare calmness.

“Okay.”Wen Er nodded.

He pulled Qin Yu, turned around, and left in a hurry.

They went all the way back to the Wen family. Wen Er brought Qin Yu to a secret room.

This was a secret realm built by Wen Wanji himself. Other than the three of them, no one knew about it.

Wen Er opened the secret realm and said in a deep voice, “Qin Yu, go in quickly. Don’t come out without our notice.”

Qin Yu nodded and said, “Thank you.”

On the other side, Wen Dazheng rushed to the myriad sect gathering.

He had to tell this matter to Wen Wanji as soon as possible and let him think of a way.