Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1362: Chapter 1,362, countermeasure 1

The sect master frowned slightly and said, “Young master? Which Young Master?”

This disciple said with a sobbing tone, “Your... your son.”

“What? !”The sect master suddenly stood up, and a terrifying aura instantly exploded!

Even though everyone present was top-notch, they were still suffocated by the sect master’s powerful pressure!

“Who did it... who did it!”The sect master roared angrily, and even the clouds in the sky were instantly scattered!

“It... It’s said that it’s that Qin Yu...”the disciple said with a trembling voice.

The sect master’s expression was extremely ugly, and anger filled his chest.

“This Qin Yu actually doesn’t know what’s good for him? The sect master has already retreated, but he actually killed the sect master’s Son?”

“No wonder that Wen Wanli left in a hurry just now. He must have known the news in advance.”

“This Qin Yu must die. If Wen Wanli was sensible, he would have taken the initiative to send him over!”

Everyone discussed animatedly, blaming Qin Yu and Wen Wanli one after another.

But the sect master didn’t say a word, only his expression was terrifyingly cold.

“I will definitely kill him with my own hands... from today onwards, whoever protects Qin Yu will be an enemy of our heavenly cloud sect!”The sect master said coldly.

In an instant, the sky was covered with dark clouds and lightning flashed and thunder rumbled.

It was as if it was a sign that a great battle was about to begin.

...

At this moment, Qin Yu was sitting in the mystic realm with his eyes slightly narrowed.

This kind of dull and tasteless life was extremely good at training one’s temperament.

During the days when he could not cultivate, Qin Yu could only try to temper his state of mind.

“Sigh.”

Qin Yu sighed slightly and stood up from the ground.

He felt extremely uncomfortable. There was nothing he could do to help. He couldn’t even do anything.

In this secret realm, he couldn’t hear the sounds outside, so Qin Yu had no idea what was happening outside.

In the evening.

People came to the Wen family one after another.

They were a group of old men, but all of them were quite powerful.

In the entire South Province, they were all tyrants.

“Wan Chong, why are you in such a hurry to find us?”The one who spoke was a man with a long black beard.

His name was Crow, and he was one of Wen Wanyun’s good friends.

“What else can he do? He’s just looking for us to drink and eat.”

A short old man with a head full of white hair laughed.

This person was called white monkey, and he was quite powerful.

“Hahaha, Wan Chong, we don’t have the leisure to accompany you to eat and drink,”another person walked forward and said.

Wen Wanli sighed and waved his hand. “Alright, take your seats first.”

After everyone sat down, Wen Wanli said, “Everyone, you can stay for a few more days.”

“Don’t worry. We came all the way here. We can’t just leave after a meal,”Crow said with a smile.

At this moment, Wen Da and Wen Er walked in.

“Hello, Grandfathers,”Wen Da and Wen Er said rather obediently.

“Haha, you two brats. If you don’t go out to pick up girls, what are you doing at home?”White monkey joked.

“I guess your reputation is bad and you won’t be able to pick up girls,”Crow also joked.

Wen Da and Wen er scratched their heads in embarrassment. Just as they were about to speak, Wen Wanli waved his hand and said, “You two go out first. We have something to discuss.”

“Okay.”The two of them did not stay any longer. They turned around and walked out.

They sat on the stone steps at the door, propping their cheeks as they looked at the setting sun.

“Do you think they will help?”Wen Da asked.

Wen er muttered, “They are all good friends of grandfather. They should be able to help, right?”

“Sigh, but the opponent is the Heavenly Cloud sect after all. No one is willing to go against the Heavenly Cloud Sect.”Wen Da sighed.

“Moreover, these people like to travel around the world and are used to freedom. who would want to cause such trouble?”

Wen Er kept silent, feeling somewhat depressed in his heart.

They all knew that this was probably a disaster for the Wen family.

If they wanted to go against the Tianyun sect, they would need the help of the top freelance martial artists of the South Province.

For example, the unique dance of Mount Hua Ning, qu Zhu of Mount Ning Temple, and others.

However, it was almost impossible to gather them together.

As they were speaking, a loud shout came from the main hall.

“What did you say? ! Tianyun sect? Someone killed the son of the sect master of Tianyun Sect?”

“Old Wen, have you thought it through? Are you really going to go against the Tianyun sect? If they go crazy, we won’t be able to hold them off.”

Hearing the voices in the main hall, Wen Da Wen er couldn’t help but look at each other before sighing. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

In a short while, people began to leave one after another.

They heard that they were going against the Heavenly Cloud sect and no one was willing to make a move.

Ten minutes later.

Other than the white monkey and crow, everyone had left.

In the huge hall, there were only the three of them.

Wen Da and Wen Er walked in. Looking at the empty hall, they could not help but feel depressed.

“Just these two?”Wen Da could not help but mutter.

Wen Wanye did not say anything, while white monkey and crow were cursing at Wen Wanye.

Although their words were unpleasant to hear, they had no intention of leaving.

“I wonder when Aunt Jue Wu will come out of seclusion,”Wen da said.

“That’s right. If Aunt Juewu makes a move, her chances of winning will be higher.”

As he spoke, a strong aura suddenly approached the Wen family.