Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1367: Chapter 1,367, the crazed Wen wanye

The overwhelming crowd was closing in on Wen Wanye!

However, there was no fear on Wen Wanye’s face. On the contrary, he became even more arrogant.

He shouted continuously and his body was dyed with light. He was like a true undefeatable war god as he shuttled through the crowd.

This was a fierce battle. No matter how strong Wen Wanye was, he was unable to fight against so many people.

He gradually fell into a disadvantageous position. His white clothes were stained with blood, but his face did not lose its arrogance!

“Wen Wanji, you are dead meat!”The first elder stood high up and coldly berated.

Wen Wanji laughed loudly and said, “Even if I die, I will definitely take you with me!”

The first elder ridiculed, “If you can hold on, your two old buddies might not.”

As expected, he turned his head and saw that the white monkey and Crow were already heavily injured and gasping for breath.

Wen Wanli’s expression changed. Just as he was about to rush over, he was blocked by the crowd.

“Bang!”

At this moment, the white monkey could not hold on any longer. His jaw was shattered by a punch and his body flew into the air.

“White Monkey!”Wen Wanli’s expression changed drastically. He tried his best to break out of the encirclement, but in the end, he failed.

“Chi!”

At this moment, Crow encountered an even more tragic attack.

A long spear with a brilliant glow pierced straight into Crow’s head.

The long spear pierced through his head and pinned him to the ground, unable to move.

Blood continued to flow, and his aura was also rapidly spreading.

“Crow!”Wen Wanli’s expression immediately turned extremely ugly. Even his body was trembling at this moment.

The Crow’s aura was rapidly spreading, and his primordial spirit was instantly pierced through!

“Hahahaha!”The first elder couldn’t help but laugh loudly when he saw this.

“Wen Wanli, do you know fear now! ?”

Wen Wanli’s hands were hanging down, and his body was trembling.

“You... are courting death!”Wen Wanli suddenly raised his head, and a terrifying aura instantly exploded!

His eyes were scarlet red, and his body seemed to be wrapped in raging flames!

First Elder frowned slightly, but he didn’t take it to heart.

“Playing tricks.”First Elder sneered.

But right at this moment, Wen Wanli raised his head and roared angrily, “Eight devil transformation!”

After a furious roar, Wen Wanli’s entire person became extremely agitated.

His eyes seemed to have lost their humanity, and he was like a wild beast!

Following that, his aura skyrocketed, and his strength increased explosively at this moment!

“Die, all of You Die!”

Wen Wanji let out a strange cry from his mouth. At this moment, he was like a wild beast that had lost its rationality. He killed everyone he saw, including ghosts!

Such a violent attack instantly caused the heavenly cloud sect to collapse!

“Not good!”When the first elder saw this, his expression could not help but change.

However, they had already sent out troops today. If they could not take down Wen Wanji, then the Heavenly Cloud Sect’s face would definitely be lost. Hence, he could only command everyone to go all out to kill Wen Wanji!

...

Qin Yu walked out from the pit of fire.

After a few days of baptism, his physical body had undergone some changes.

His outer skin kept breaking and reassembling, and his body was dyed a fiery red.

Qin Yu looked at Wen Da and Wen er and said, “How is it? Any News?”

Wen Da shook his head and said, “What news can we get here?”

Qin Yu frowned. He looked at the barrier around him and said, “Did master say when the spatial barrier would disappear?”

Wen Da glanced at Qin Yu and said, “My grandfather said that the spatial barrier will not disappear automatically. It can only be broken by external forces.”

Qin Yu could not help but suck in a breath of cold air when he heard that.

“In other words, we will always be trapped here?”Qin Yu was greatly puzzled.

Wen Er followed up and said, “This is my grandfather’s goal. He said that when you have enough power to break the barrier, you can leave this place.”

“Then if you can’t break it, won’t you have to stay here forever?”Qin Yu felt a headache coming on.

Most importantly, Qin Yu didn’t have to eat like Wen Da and Wen Er.

Qin Yu, who didn’t have any spiritual power, needed to eat.

Qin Yu lowered his head and looked at his rumbling stomach. He couldn’t help but feel a little embarrassed.

“Grandfather has already thought of this problem,”Wen da said.

With a thought, he took out a bunch of pills that looked like green beans from the spatial artifact.

“Here, take it.”Wen Da handed the big bag of pills to Qin Yu.

“This can satisfy your hunger. You can rely on this to survive,”Wen da said.

Qin Yu took the pills and couldn’t help but sigh, “Your Grandpa is really thoughtful.”

“Brother, whether or not we can leave this place and when we can leave will depend on you.”Wen Da patted Qin Yu’s shoulder.

“That’s right, that’s right. We don’t want to stay here for too long.”Wen Er also nodded.

Qin Yu agreed, “Don’t worry, I will do my best.”

He stuffed the pill in his hand into his mouth. Not long after, a medicinal fragrance exploded. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Qin Yu’s physical strength was quickly replenished, and that sense of hunger vanished into thin air.

“One pill has such an effect. There are so many. It’s enough to support me to leave this place,”Qin Yu thought to himself.

He did not waste any more time. He immediately jumped into the fire pit and continued to temper his body.

The growth of the physical body would inevitably bring about an increase in strength.

To the current Qin Yu, this was the only way to cultivate.

It had to be said that Wen Wanji’s thoughts were extremely crazy. He actually wanted a nascent soul stage physical body to reach the return to void stage. It was simply unheard of.

In the blink of an eye, another three days passed.

At this time, the Wen family had already become a pile of ruins.

A tall and old figure stood there in a daze.

Beside him were countless corpses.

Blood had dyed the land of the Wen family manor red.

Wen Wanli froze there for a long time, as if he had aged dozens of years.

A moment later, Wen Wanli stood up and turned around to leave.

Soon, an explosive piece of news spread:

The Heavenly Cloud Sect’s army had arrived and killed Wen Wanli!

“Have you heard? It’s said that they met the crazed Wen Wanli and killed hundreds of people!”

“Yes, I heard that this is a kind of demonic technique. Once it is used, it will lose its rationality and can not differentiate between friend and foe.”

“The first elder seemed to have been seriously injured and fled the Wen family manor in a sorry state.”

“The Heavenly Cloud sect really suffered a heavy loss this time.”

“However, I have to admire Wen Wanli. He really lives up to his reputation...”