Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

1849 The “Gift” from the Tong Family

Tianyun Sect, after Qin Yu killed a few of the Tong family’s Reversion Void Stage cultivators, was gradually lively again.

Many old friends came to Tianyun Sect to talk about the past and the future with Qin Yu.

They also told Qin Yu about the misery of Nanzhou during this time without reservation.

In the past, Qin Yu did not have any so-called sense of belonging to Nanzhou. However, after experiencing so much, especially after forming an extraordinary relationship with Xiao Sheng and Xiao Hai, Qin Yu began to pay more attention to Nanzhou.

Qin Yu’s heart throbbed as he listened to the violent actions of the Tong family and Li Yingying.

Savoring the tea his friend had served him, he asked, “Do you know anything about the Tong family’s foundation?”

Everyone shook their heads. Obviously, they knew nothing about the Tong family.

“The Tong family is aristocratic family in Zhongzhou. We have never been to the Zhongzhou.”

“That’s right. Before the dead river disappeared, how would we have the chance to step into Zhongzhou?”

“Brother Qin, are you really going to the Tong family?”

Qin Yu’s expression was cold. He nodded and said, “I must go. Jue Wu is still in their hands.”

“Sigh! I can’t believe Lord Jue Wu has fallen into such a situation,” someone sighed and said.

Qin Yu glanced at him and said, “The Tong family is only relying on their Saint Weapon. Without it, it would not be easy for them to take down Jue Wu.”

There was no need to elaborate on Jue Wu’s abilities. She could kill Reversion Void Stage cultivators as easily as cutting vegetables.

It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that even Qin Yu couldn’t guarantee himself to be a match for Jue Wu, not to mention that bunch of trash from the Tong family.

Just as everyone was talking, someone suddenly walked in from outside.

A large character, “Tong”, was written on this person’s chest, indicating his identity.

Seeing the people from the Tong family, everyone immediately felt a sense of foreboding.

Some people even fled immediately, afraid that they would be implicated.

Qin Yu held his teacup and looked coldly at the Tong family member in front of him. An invisible sense of oppression spread out.

The cultivator from the Tong family felt his legs go soft under this pressure. It was as if a mountain was pressing on his body.

He walked forward with difficulty. When he reached Qin Yu, he couldn’t bear the pressure and knelt on the ground with a thud.

Qin Yu sipped his tea and said lightly, “If there’s anything, just kneel and say it.”

The man struggled with difficulty, but under the hefty oppression of Qin Yu, he could not stand up at all.

“I’m just a messenger. You don’t have to make things difficult for me…” The Tong family member said coldly.

“It’s good enough that I didn’t kill you,” Qin Yu sneered and said.

The other party had no choice but to grit his teeth and take out a black wooden box.

“Our young master asked me to pass this to you.” He threw the box to Qin Yu.

Qin Yu took the box and squinted his eyes. He had a bad feeling.

After he opened the box, his expression suddenly changed, and he stood up abruptly!

A powerful internal qi burst out of Qin Yu’s body uncontrollably, sending everyone in the surroundings flying!

And it was even worse for that Tong family member. He spat a mouthful of blood on the spot, and many of his bones instantly broke!

Qin Yu’s face was cold. He looked at Jue Wu’s arm in the box and emitted horrible killing intent.

Everyone noticed that something was wrong with Qin Yu. They opened their mouths but dared not say anything.

“I’m just a messenger. You…”

The member of the Tong family began to feel afraid. He was afraid that Qin Yu would direct his anger on him.

Qin Yu gritted his teeth and remained silent.

He put away the box and looked at the Tong family member in front of him coldly.

“Did your young master say anything?” Qin Yu said coldly.

“Young Master said that if you don’t want anything to happen to Jue Wu, you should go to the Tong family to look for him.” The Tong family member didn’t dare to hide anything and told the truth.

Qin Yu took a deep breath and said coldly, “Go back and tell Tong Guangqing that I will surely go to the Tong family. I will pay him back thousands of times for the harm that Jue Wu suffered!”

As soon as he finished speaking, the oppressive feeling that lingered around the Tong family member disappeared.

“I’ll definitely pass on the message.” The Tong family member hurriedly stood up and left.

Only after he left did the guests finally dare to step forward.

“Brother Qin, what did the Tong family send you? Why are you so angry? ” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Qin Yu suppressed the anger in his heart, pretended to be calm, and said with a smile, “It’s nothing. It’s just a gift.”

“Brother Qin, why did you just let him go?” someone puzzled and asked.

Qin Yu shook his head and said, “Everyone knows that delivering things to me is a deadly task. Thus this man is of no importance to the Tong family. Killing him is meaningless.”

Only then did everyone come to a sudden realization.

At this time, Qin Yu suddenly had an idea.

He looked at the crowd and asked tentatively, “Have you ever thought of going to Zhongzhou with me to suppress the Tong family?”

As soon as he said that, the scene immediately fell into silence.

The scene was silent, and no one dared to say anything.

Qin Yu nodded slightly and didn’t care. It was not practical, to begin with.

“All, do you know anyone in Nanzhou who knows about Zhogzhou?” Qin Yu continued to ask.

“Know about Zhongzhou? Quite many people from Nanzhou have been to Zhongzhou.”

“That’s right. Since the dead river disappeared, many people have gone to explore Zhongzhou.”

“I heard that Jia Yi from the West Sea has stayed in Zhongzhou for a while.”

“I have an old friend in the Northern Underworld who also spent some time in Zhongzhou.”

The crowd chimed in, and for a time, countless names came out.

At this moment, someone stood up and said, “Brother Qin, if you really want to understand the Tong family, I have a good candidate.”

Qin Yu nodded, signaling him to continue.

“I have a friend who took the opportunity to build a relationship with the Tong family. During this period, his relationship with the Tong family is considered good, but… I’m afraid he doesn’t dare to meet Brother Qin now,” the young man said in a deep voice.

“Can you tell me what kind of relationship your friend has with the Tong family?” Qin Yu narrowed his eyes and asked. “Why does he have a good relationship with the Tong family?”

“Brother Qin, may I have a word with you?” the young man asked in a low voice.

Qin Yu thought for a moment. He then nodded and said, “Alright.”

Thus, the two of them stood up and left the tea room.

They walked along the quiet path in Tianyun Sect and arrived at the location where the Cultivation Mountain used to be.

Upon their arrival, Qin Yu stretched out his palm and cast a secret technique to seal the surrounding space.

After making sure it was safe, Qin Yu looked at the young man and said, “Say it if you have something to say.”

“I wonder if Brother Qin has ever heard of the Heavenly Palace Dark Iron?” the young man asked in a deep voice.

Qin Yu nodded slightly and said, “I’ve heard of it. Rumor has it that it’s a holy item for refining weapons. It’s the highest grade among the dark Iron.”