Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

1853 Demon Jingshan

The terrifying energy contained within the Heavenly Flower of All was completely out of control at this moment!

With Qin Yu as the center, a terrifying force swept out to the surroundings!

Qin Yu’s pupils constricted. He gritted his teeth, stomped his feet, and activated the cosmic form!

His huge body forcibly withstood the terrifying energy of the Heavenly Flower of All.

The powerful impact forced Qin Yu a few steps back. Even with his tough physical body, he was still bleeding profusely from the impact, and cracks appeared on his body!

“Qin Yu!” Upon seeing the scene, Chang Mang instantly became anxious.

Although he didn’t know what Qin Yu’s action meant, he quickly released his internal qi to receive it together.

Chang Mang’s body emitted red lights. His powerful body was also severely injured!

Under the efforts of the two, the power of the Heavenly Flower of All was reduced by half, but it was impossible to control it completely!

The overflowing energy swept toward the mountain stream.

Everything in its path was shattered into pieces!

As for the group of people who had rushed toward Qin Yu, they lost their lives in fear and pain.

In the blink of an eye, less than 30 out of the 100 people were left.

The entire mountain stream was filled with blood and corpses.

Those who survived became even more fearful, and they seemed to be unable to control their bodies. They trembled as they walked toward Qin Yu.

Qin Yu’s face was cold. Looking at the helplessness and fear in these people’s eyes, he felt some abnormalities. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Qin Yu’s body exuded a strong sense of oppression. Under this oppression, everyone was suppressed by him and fell to the ground, unable to move.

Not far away, Chang Mang’s body was covered in blood.

He ignored his injuries and quickly walked up to Qin Yu.

“Qin Yu, what happened? Why did you suddenly change your mind?” Chang Mang asked in confusion.

Qin Yu pointed at the man on the ground and said, “Look at their eyes,”

Although Chang Mang wasn’t bright, he wasn’t a fool either.

Looking at the gazes of these people, Chang Mang soon sensed something was wrong.

“These people… seem like they were being forced,” Chang Mang said with a frown.

“To be precise, they don’t seem to be able to control their bodies,” Qin Yu said.

“Someone is controlling them!” Chang Mang turned ashen.

As soon as he finished speaking, a person slowly walked out from the haze in the very center of the mountain stream.

This man had a goatee and a naturally sinister and cunning look on his face.

He was clapping his hands while he was walking. “Not bad, not bad. You’ve realized the problem so quickly.”

Qin Yu squinted his eyes and said coldly, “You are Demon Jingshan?”

“Hahaha!” Demon Jingshan laughed out loud. “You guys should be from Demon-slaying Peak, right?”

“You knew we would come?” Qin Yu said coldly.

“Since when did Holy Region have a bunch of noisy b*stards like you guys?” Demon Jingshan snorted!

Qin Yu pointed at the men on the ground and said, “These people are all under your control?”

“That’s right.” Demon Jingshan did not hide anything.

He clasped his hands behind his back and said indifferently, “As a member of Demon-slaying Peak, you killed innocent people at will! How should you all be punished?

“You’ve self-proclaimed righteous people, but now you have attacked the victims. You should be expelled from Demon-slaying Peak!”

Qin Yu’s expression changed slightly.

As expected, these people were indeed the victims.

With their abilities, they were unable to stop Qin Yu.

“Don’t talk nonsense with him. Just kill him!” Chang Mang did not have a good temper like Qin Yu. After he shouted, he clenched his iron fist and charged at Demon Jingshan.

Chang Mang was the same as before. He did not have any so-called martial moves and only relied on the most primitive combat techniques and desires!

As a holy body, Chang Mang’s strength did not need to be elaborated. Under his barrage of attacks, Demon Jingshan was soon unable to withstand it and was forced to retreat.

Chang Mang’s extremely crazy battle style was something Demon Jingshan could not defend. He used all of his techniques on Chang Mang, but Chang Mang was like a madman. He did not dodge them at all and was fighting desperately.

Qin Yu by the side couldn’t help but sigh.

Not to mention Demon Jingshan, even Qin Yu would have to think twice about this fighting style.

“If I were to fight against Chang Mang, I might not be able to win,” Qin Yu murmured in his heart.

Even if he barely won, he would probably be seriously injured.

Under this barrage of attacks, the entire mountain stream had turned into ruins. Demon Jingshan was even forced to retreat repeatedly, and his body was covered in blood.

A moment later, Demon Jigshan was pressed to the ground by Chang Mang.

Chang Mang’s fists were extremely fierce, and each punch had the power to shatter a mountain!

The blood-red lights mixed with the blood, turning the entire world blood-red thoroughly.

Seeing Demon Jingshan’s internal qi become weaker, Qin Yu quickly walked forward and stopped the crazy Chang Mang.

“We can’t kill him. He still has some use to us,” Qin Yu said as he grabbed Chang Mang’s arm.

Chang mang glanced at Qin Yu and nodded.

“Are your injuries alright?” Qin Yu said with a frown.

“Don’t worry,” Chang Mang waved his hand and said. “This minor injury is nothing. It doesn’t matter.”

“Mmm,” Qin Yu responded. He then squatted in front of Demon Jingshan and said, “Now, can you tell me what exactly is going on?”

“Are you considered Devil Hunters? You’re practically bandits!” Demon Jingshan sneered and said.

“Say that again?” Chang Mang said as he pointed at Demon Jingshan.

Demon Jingshan coldly snorted and said, “No need to talk nonsense. You can kill or cut me up as you wish!”

“There’s no hurry. It’s not time yet. Let’s chat first,” Qin Yu said with a smile.

“I won’t tell you anything,” Demon Jingshan said with a cold expression.

Of course, Qin Yu knew what Demon Jingshan was thinking.

To a person who was about to die, there was no need to say anything. After all, he could not escape death whether he said it or not.

“What if I say I can spare your life?” Qin Yu said with a smile.

As soon as he said this, the despairing Demon Jingshan began to have hope again.

But very quickly, Demon Jingshan laughed coldly.

“Don’t try to cheat me. Demon-slaying Peak has never released anyone before,” Demon Jingshan coldly said.

Qin Yu looked at Demon Jingshan and said, “As long as you cooperate with me on something, I can let you go. If you don’t believe me, I can make an oath in front of you.”

Demon Jingshan was somewhat suspicious.

“Are you telling the truth?” he asked, sizing up Qin Yu.

“Yes, it’s true. Lying to you won’t do me any good,” Qin Yu said in a deep voice.

“What do you want me to do?” Demon Jingshan frowned.