Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

1856 Iron Egg?

The peak master looked a little tired. He waved his hand and threw Demon Jingshan to Qin Yu.

“After a few days of interrogation, it finally passed,” the peak master said tiredly.

Hearing this, Qin Yu finally felt relieved.

“Speaking of which, this kid is quite stubborn. Most importantly, he survived the divine sense search,” the peak master said. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“What?” Qin Yu was stunned. “He even went through the divine sense search?”

“Mmm. I have no idea how he escaped,” the peak master said.

Qin Yu wiped the sweat from his forehead. Other than feeling shocked, he felt that it was extremely dangerous.

On the other hand, Demon Jingshan looked like he had experienced a tremendous tribulation. He looked extremely exhausted.

“Wait for the mission. I believe it won’t take long,” the peak master waved his hand and said.

“Thank you for taking the trouble,” Qin Yu said.

...

After the peak master returned to his cave abode, Qin Yu anxiously went back to his own cave abode with Demon Jingshan.

As soon as he entered the cave abode, Qin Yu waved his hand and sealed the cave abode.

“I’m done with my business. Can you let me go now…” Demon Jingshan said in an extremely weak voice.

Qin Yu didn’t answer the question. Instead, he asked, “How did you escape the divine sense search?”

Demon Jingshan sneered and said, “Do you really think all divine sense searches work? Let me tell you, the essence of the divine sense search is merely searching the consciousness of a person. In my consciousness world, I have absolute control!”

Hearing this, Qin Yu turned ashen.

Looking at Demon Jingshan in front of him, he could only feel extremely shocked!

It was because this person had the same thinking as him!

“I’ve underestimated you,” Qin Yu said in a low voice.

Demon Jingshan waved his hand and said, “I can go now, right?”

“No.” Qin Yu rejected Demon Jingshan without even thinking.

...

Demon Jingshan’s expression changed, and he asked coldly, “What do you mean by this?”

“You’re so powerful,” Qin Yu said with a smile. “If I let you go just like this, I don’t know how many people you will harm in the future.”

“You want to go back on your word? I’m telling you. We had an agreement earlier, and we even swore an oath!” Demon Jingshan said in anger.

Qin Yu nodded and said, “That’s right. I did promise you that I would send you out of Thunder Courtyard. But I didn’t say where I was going to send you.”

“You dare to trick me?” Demon Jingshan was instantly furious!

“Do you believe I’ll spread the truth out right now?”

“If that’s the case, you’ll die too,” Qin Yu sneered and said.

“Don’t worry. I won’t kill you. I’ll only imprison you. I’ll return your freedom after you’ve at least turned over a new leaf,” Qin Yu said.

“Don’t f*cking play with me!” Demon Jingshan gritted his teeth and said. “I’m leaving Thunder Courtyard now!”

“I’m taking you away now.” Qin Yu nodded.

Following that, grabbing Demon Jingshan and stepping the line word formula, Qin Yu swiftly left Thunder Courtyard.

...

Along the way, Demon Jingshan struggled with all his might but he could not break free.

Qin Yu took him straight back to Nanzhou and brought him to Boundless Temple.

Rumor had it that the ancient Buddha of the Western Region had left behind this temple, which had the wonderful effect of soul cleansing.

Now that Boundless Temple had become a deserted place, there was still powerful Buddhist dharma that could suppress cultivators in the temple.

“What are you doing?” Demon Jingshan had a bad feeling when he saw Boundless Temple.

Qin Yu laughed and said, “Demon Jingshan, it’s not that I’m making things difficult for you, but your method is too cruel. I know the process of taking away a person’s vitality is extremely painful. It’s even more painful than taking away the divine sense.”

“So what if I am!” Demon Jingshan said angrily.

“It’s unethical,” Qin Yu said with a smile.

“You can stay in the ancient well of Boundless Temple for now. I believe you will have great achievements in the future.”

“Go to hell! Quickly let me go!” Demon Jingshan was furious.

Qin Yu ignored him and brought him into Boundless Temple.

...

However, Qin Yu, who had just stepped through the door of Boundless Temple, sensed a powerful internal qi.

“Eh? Someone is here?” Qin Yu frowned.

He instantly became alert. He activated his desolate divine eye and looked into the depths of Boundless Temple.

He saw a person kneeling in front of the Buddha statue in the depths of Boundless Temple.

This person put his palms together and looked very pious.

“Someone is worshipping!” Qin Yu frowned.

He brought Demon Jingshan carefully walked into the depths of Boundless Temple.

They walked up to the Buddha statue. As Qin Yu was about to speak, the man who was piously kneeling on the ground turned around.

Qin Yu was stunned when he saw the man in front of him.

It was because this person was none other than Iron Egg, who had disappeared for a long time!

Seeing Qin Yu, Iron Egg was stunned too. He then frowned and said, “Qin Yu? What are you doing here?”

...

“D*mn it! I should be the one asking you!” Qin Yu walked forward and punched Iron Egg in the chest.

“Where have you been all this while? Why didn’t you show up during the battle with Yuan Xiu back then?” Qin Yu couldn’t help but ask.

“What Yuan Xiu? What does it have to do with me? Why must I show up?” Iron Egg sneered and said.

Qin Yu was stunned. What he said was true.

Therefore, Qin Yu didn’t dwell on this issue but changed the subject. “What are you doing here?”

Hearing this, Iron Egg immediately put his palms together and said, “Amitabha. I’ve killed too many people. I’m certainly here to cleanse my sins.”

“Eh? Could it be that you’re going to turn over a new leaf?” Qin Yu said in surprise.

“F*ck! You’re very dramatic,” Iron Egg sneered and said.

“You’re the dramatic one. While killing countless people, you kneel to worship here. I think you’ll become the target of our Demon-slaying Peak sooner or later,” Qin Yu rolled his eyes and said.

“Demon-slaying Peak? No! No, no, no!” Iron Egg waved his hand.

“This is my dao technique. So I can’t be the target of Demon-slaying Peak.”

...

After saying that, Iron Egg looked at Demon Jingshan.

“Who’s this guy?” Iron Egg asked.

“It’s none of your business!” Demon Jingshan was instantly furious.

Iron Egg rubbed his fists. He looked at Demon Jingshan and said, “You’re asking for trouble, aren’t you?”

Qin Yu quickly stood in front of Iron Egg, who looked hostile.

“It’s just nice. In a few days, you can accompany me to do something,” Qin Yu changed the subject and said.

“Me? Help you?” Iron Egg sneered and asked, “What makes you think so?”

“Don’t forget, I’m the one who gave you this body,” Qin Yu rolled his eyes and said.

“Oh? Really? How come I don’t remember? Who can testify?” Iron Egg said shamelessly.

Qin Yu knew that morals and ethics could not restrain Iron Egg. Thus he stopped arguing with him and immediately changed his words. “I’m taking you to kill people. It is in line with your cultivation path.”