Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3: Get Him Back Here

"You punk! How dare you make such an insolent request?" the doctor immediately bellowed in anger.

All of them regarded Yan Ruoxue as their idol in their hearts. She was comparable to that of a holy angel to them. Therefore, they would never allow anyone to defile her, especially a cuck like Qin Yu.

Even Yan Ruoxue's bodyguards dashed forward, trying to encircle him.

However, Yan Ruoxue stared at Qin Yu emotionlessly.

After some ponderation, Yan Ruoxue finally agreed to let him try.

She thought to herself that if he was a liar, she will have a real reason to turn down this whole betrothal thing.

After lying on the bed, Yan Ruoxue's pale and ample breasts came into Qin Yu's sight. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

With a flushed face, Qin Yu walked towards Yan Ruoxue.

He murmured, "Please excuse me, Miss Ruoxue."

After speaking, Qin Yu stretched out his hand and gently placed it on Yan Ruoxue.

Yan Ruoxue's beauty was out of this world. Su Yan paled in comparison.

Yan Ruoxue's voluptuous figure was so perfect that no one could resist the sight of her.

The doctor and the bodyguards' eyes nearly popped out of their sockets at the sidelines.

If Yan Ruoxue did not stop them, they would have cut Qin Yu to pieces, turning him into mincemeat already.

Qin Yu held back his urges and disregarded his dirty thoughts to calm his nerves.

He then followed the instructions of the scared medical scrolls in his mind to channel his Qi, which took the shape of a flying dragon, in his dantian and transferred it out.

Following that, a warm feeling slowly traveled from Qin Yu's palm into Yan Ruoxue's body.

Yan Ruoxue was instantly warmed up. A while later, she felt scorching heat throughout her entire body, as if she was soaking herself in a hot spring.

As time passed, beads of sweat started to form on his forehead.

Ten minutes passed in a blink of an eye.

Yan Ruoxue's expression turned sullen. "There's a limit to how much you can take advantage of me! Would you cut it out already?"

Furthermore, Yan Ruoxue did not feel anything different apart from the warm feeling in her body.

Instead, she had difficulty breathing and was overwhelmed with stuffiness in her chest, causing an unbearable urge to cough. These symptoms only added to her frustration.

Shaking her head, Yan Ruoxue thought, "It seems grandpa had thought too highly of him."

Just then, Qin Yu moved his hand away from Yan Ruoxue's body.

Wiping his sweat off, he uttered softly, "Miss Ruoxue, I'm done with your treatment already. It should take roughly ten minutes for you to be fully recovered."

Sitting up from the bed, Yan Ruoxue mocked, "I'll be fully recovered in ten minutes, you say? Do you take me as a fool?"

After Yan Ruoxue spoke, she started coughing violently as her face turned ashen.

At the sight of that, Qin Yu became rooted to the ground. He was anxious that he did not know what to do with his hands.

"Miss, let us finish him off!" the burly bodyguards piped in unison.

Yan Ruoxue waved her hand while glancing at the clock on the wall. She declared, "Okay. I'll give him ten minutes."

Truth be told, even Qin Yu himself was unsure if it would work.

After all, Qin Yu could not tell if the surreal experience earlier was reality or just a dream.

Without warning, the bodyguards strode toward Qin Yu and surrounded him as if they were afraid that he might try to escape.

Nine minutes passed in no time at all.

Peeking at the wall clock, Yan Ruoxue questioned with a deadpan face, "Looks like you were telling me lies. So, how was it? Was it good to touch?"

Qin Yu could not help but put on a wry smile. He knew that any explanation would be futile, as they would be brushed off as an excuse. So he would rather not say a word.

The bodyguards took a step forward, trying to seize him, but Qin Yu was calm. He did not feel terrified, even for a second.

Death might be liberation for him at this point, seeing that he no longer had any hope left in this world.

"Just forget it," Yan Ruoxue stated while waving her hand.

"For reasons that I do not wish to disclose, I will let you off the hook this time. However, I do not want to see you again," Yan Ruoxue added coldly.

Remaining taciturn, Qin Yu got up and bowed to Yan Ruoxue.

"I'll take my leave now, Miss Ruoxue," Qin Yu said and turned to leave.

"Miss, are you gonna let it slide just like that?" the bodyguards queried in discontent after Qin Yu left.

Yan Ruoxue shot them a glance and remained silent for a bit.

"Just consider it as repaying the favor to his dad," Yan Ruoxue sighed silently. The disappointment was written all over her face.

Before she came to Jiangcheng, her grandfather had aggrandized Qin Yu in a loquacious manner, to the point of apotheosizing the man. She held high expectations of him.

"Grandpa, it looks like you were wrong about him," Yan Ruoxue bemoaned.

At that moment, Yan Ruoxue felt a warm feeling flowing inside of her.

Before she could react, she had a violent cough. Then a dark, turbid substance came out of her mouth.

"Miss, are you alright?"

"What did that bastard do to you? I'm gonna drag him back right now!"

"I'm so gonna slaughter him!"

Hearing their remarks, Yan Ruoxue stopped them.

After touching her chest, she was surprised to find that the stuffy feeling that had been torturing her for years had disappeared. Even the dry and itchy feeling in her throat dissipated utterly.

"So he was telling the truth?" Yan Ruoxue commented confusedly. She was confounded by what she was feeling.

"Get him back here right now!" Yan Ruoxue commanded.