2024 Endless Killing Intent!

Although Elder Si was very reluctant, he had no other choice. He could only grit his teeth and sit down cross-legged.

He mobilized all the internal qi in his body and densely covered his body. Then he began to circulate the protective method.

This method was called the Thunder Protection Seal, a secret technique passed down from one generation to another in the Si family. It used the Si family’s unique power of thunder as the core, combined with the research and cultivation results of the Si family’s ancestors over thousands of years, and turned the power of thunder into protective magic power.

Elder Si used this technique with all his might. In an instant, the power of lightning was drawn from his body and condensed into the Thunder Protective Seal.

The shape of this protective seal was like an ancient talisman. It was engraved with dense lightning patterns as if it was an ancient book that sealed the endless power of thunder.

The protective seal flew out and instantly condensed into a layer of thunder armor on the surface of Elder Si’s body. This armor was thick and flexible, like being possessed by a god, instantly enhancing Elder Si’s aura.

Sizzle sounds rang out continuously. At a glance, Elder Ji’s body seemed to have been wrapped in purple lightning.

In the killing formation, Qin Yu had fused with the entire killing formation. He relied on his powerful mental strength to control the formation.

Terrifying and pure killing intent continued to condense. The killing intent in the entire killing formation was ethereal and bone-chilling. It seemed to be preparing an invisible power in the void.

At this moment, Qin Yu activated the killing formation, and a strong killing intent attacked Elder Si!

Elder Si knew this was a critical moment. With a solemn expression, he concentrated on mobilizing the Thunder Protection Armor to prepare for the upcoming attack.

Suddenly, a cold Spiritual Energy Sword shot out from the killing formation like a cold flood dragon, and headed straight for Elder Si!

Seeing this, Elder Si was shocked. He immediately activated the Thunder Armor and used all his might to block this Spiritual Energy Sword.

The Spiritual Energy Sword and the Thunder Armor collided violently, creating a deafening boom.

“Sizzle…”

The two forces seemed to be colliding with great difficulty, emitting a series of tremendously terrifying sounds!

Although the Thunder Armor was powerful, cracks began to appear under this attack!

The expressions of the people watching from afar could not help but change slightly!

Elder Si’s techniques were all secret techniques of the Si family, but now, they had been broken by Qin Yu repeatedly!

If this continued, Elder Si would probably die in this formation!

Elder Ji’s expression was ugly. He knew this battle was dangerous, so he could only shout, “Hurry up and look for the formation cores!”

The Si family attendants outside the formation didn’t dare to be negligent. They were sweating profusely as they tried their best to inspect the entire formation, trying to look for the formation cores.

But Qin Yu had set up this formation too perfectly. It was not a simple matter to look for the formation cores.

Moreover, they were not Formation Masters. How could they break the formation so easily?

In the killing formation, Qin Yu felt Elder Si’s powerful defense and was shocked silently! Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

He did not relax. Instead, he continued to mobilize the power of the killing formation, preparing to launch an even more intense attack.

In this killing formation, Qin Yu could mobilize all the killing intent. It was the purest killing intent and would only become even more intense until all the living beings were killed!

Therefore, Elder Si was tremendously worried. If this continued, he would die for sure!

However, Qin Yu was also anxious because controlling the Endless Killing Formation consumed a large amount of mental strength. If he could not get rid of Elder Si as soon as possible and resolve the formation, it would completely go out of control!

In the killing formation, Qin Yu’s face was pale. The consumption of his mental strength made him feel dizzy.

He knew he couldn’t delay any longer. He had to gather his killing intent and kill Elder Si as soon as possible!

Qin Yu muttered something, and his voice came from all directions, making Elder Si, who was somewhat flustered, even more worried.

At this moment, the killing intent in the killing formation suddenly gathered into a pitch-black Spiritual Energy Sword. This Spiritual Energy Sword contained endless killing intent, and its powerful internal qi made the entire formation tremble!

“Rumble…”

The Spiritual Energy Sword spiraled like a dragon and gradually gathered into a pitch-black Spiritual Energy Sword.

This Spiritual Energy Sword was different from the previous one. The power it condensed was even more powerful and suffocating.

A black hole seemed to have formed around the Spiritual Energy Sword, devouring everything. It made people feel it had endless devouring power.

The Spiritual Energy Sword flickered with a ghostly light, like the lifeless eyes of the God of Death.

Only those who were on the verge of death could feel the fear that seeped into their bones.

Although Elder Si had prepared to deal with a heavier attack, he could not help but feel terrified when he saw the condensed Spiritual Energy Sword.

“Hurry up and break the formation!” Elder Si panicked. He had never thought Qin Yu would have such terrifying power inside this killing formation!

He had never thought that he, a Semi-Saint, would be forced into such a situation by a small fry like Qin Yu!

Outside the formation, the Si family’s attendants were desperately searching for the formation cores. However, they soon discovered Qin Yu’s level of precision in setting up the formation was far beyond their imagination!

“I’m afraid this kid is a professional Formation Master. We can’t break the formation!” someone said through gritted teeth.

“Then what are you waiting for? Hurry up and find a professional Formation Master to break the formation!”

An attendant hurriedly stood up and rushed toward Diine Fortuity City, hoping to find a professional Formation Master to break the formation.

“Third Elder, you must hang on. We’ll immediately find a Formation Master to break the formation!” the attendant shouted at Elder Ji.

They split up into three groups. Some went to Divine Fortuity City, some to other cities nearby, and some even planned to return to the Si family to ask for help.

Elder Si’s expression was tremendously ugly. He gritted his teeth and stared at the Spiritual Energy Sword in front of him.

This Spiritual Energy Sword was incredibly extraordinary. It was formed by pure killing intent. Even Elder Si was horrified at this moment.

He could only try his best to circulate the Thunder Protection Seal to defend against this Spiritual Energy Sword.

The Spiritual Energy Sword seemed to have a life of its own. The tip of the sword was aimed at Elder Si and silently floated in the air. However, it made people feel its threatening chill.

It seemed to be waiting for the best opportunity to kill in one strike.

The people outside the killing formation were even more shocked. They had never seen such a powerful Spiritual Energy Sword. It was as if that Spiritual Energy Sword was enough to cut the entire world in half.

...

They held their breaths and nervously looked at Qin Yu and Elder Si in the formation, afraid that something might happen.

Qin Yu used his powerful mental strength to keep guiding the killing intent to gather. He could feel his mental strength depleting rapidly.

At the last moment, Qin Yu opened his eyes, and an intense killing intent instantly erupted!

“Slash!” With a loud shout, the pitch-black Spiritual Energy Sword seemed to have been stimulated with the last trace of power, instantly erupting with an earth-shattering might!

It was like a bolt of black lightning that streaked across the sky, piercing toward Elder Si at an indescribable speed!