Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2029 News of the Chaos Grave

When Jue Wu saw Qin Yu, she immediately ran over.

She nervously went around Qin Yu and asked worriedly, “Qin Yu, are you alright? That Elder Si…”

“I’ve killed Elder Si.” Qin Yu interrupted Jue Wu and said jokingly, “Of course, I’m fine. I can crush Elder Si with a mere finger!”

Seeing that Qin Yu could still joke, Jue Wu heaved a sigh of relief.

She slapped Qin Yu hard and said with widened eyes, “I’m warning you. If you dare to do such a dangerous thing again, I’ll beat you to death!”

“No one has caused you trouble these few days, right?” Qin Yu rolled his eyes and said.

Jue Wu scratched her head and muttered. “It’s rather strange. I followed your instructions these few days, and I was very nervous. But each time a strange internal qi approached me, it soon disappeared.”

Qin Yu was silent. He knew that Xiao Yu must have taken action in secret to deal with those people.

Qin Yu could actually use the demonic egg to force Xiao Yu to take action and solve these problems.

However, he did not want to do that. If he did, it would ruin his relationship with Xiao Yu.

“Qin Yu, how are your injuries recovering these few days?” Xiao Hai walked over and asked.

Qin Yu bowed slightly and said, “I’m almost fully recovered. Although it was dangerous this time, I managed to comprehend, and it’s a good experience for my future cultivation.”

“Mmm,” Xiao Hai responded. “On the edge of life and death, one will always comprehend something. Just like Xiao Sheng, whose dao technique would not accomplish without destruction. Each time he breaks through, he will completely dissolve all the cultivation techniques in his body.”

“I’ve seen this before,” Qin Yu smiled and said.

Xiao Hai did not dwell on this topic. He patted Qin Yu’s shoulder and said, “You can stay here for the next few days. I’ll immediately inform you once there is any news about the Chaos Grave.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Alright.” Qin Yu agreed.

Speaking of which, Qin Yu could not help but look around. He was puzzled and asked, “Mr. Xiao, did you personally open up this Mystic Realm?”

Xiao Hai was startled, but he immediately laughed out loud and said, “You think too highly of me. I’m not capable enough to do this. It’s indeed a magical artifact. You and I are both in a magical artifact.”

Qin Yu was instantly stunned on the spot. He said in surprise, “Magical artifact? There is such a magical artifact? It… It’s a moving fortress!”

“That’s right. I obtained this magical artifact by chance. As long as you hide here, at least your safety can be guaranteed,” Xiao Hai said in a deep voice.

Jue Wu, standing at the side, said impatiently, “There should be food here, right?”

“Of course,” Xiao Hai laughed and said.

Then he waved his hand, and waves immediately rose from the lake!

And as the waves fell, there was fish after fish.

“Since you and I can survive in this magical artifact, so oo other living beings,” Xiao Hai explained.

Qin Yu nodded and bowed again to express his gratitude to Xiao Hai.

Standing at the side, Jue Wu couldn’t be bothered by all this. She immediately grabbed the fish that kept flapping and ran to the side to roast it.

In the following days, Qin Yu and Jue Wu temporarily stayed in this Mystic Realm. As for Xiao Hai, he went out every day to gather information.

Under the joint efforts of several great aristocratic families, the Chaos Grave could open at any time. Many aristocratic families, sects, and even rouge cultivators had come to the vicinity of the Chaos Grave, waiting for the Big Grave to open.

No one knew what hid in the Chaos Grave, but all could guess it must be inevitably related to the chaotic body.

Two elderly men with their hands behind their backs were nearby the Chaos Grave.

They looked at the activation of the formation in front of them, and their eyes flickered.

“There are rumors that the Chaos Grave hides the secret of the chaotic body. There are also rumors that the corpse of a chaotic body with great achievement is hidden inside,” one of the elderly men said.

“That’s right. There are only two chaotic bodies known to the Holy Zone. One is Si Shiyue of the Si family, and the other is Qin Yu, who has recently become famous,” another elderly man said.

“As a rogue cultivator, Qin Yu definitely is unwilling to miss such an opportunity.”

“He has offended the various aristocratic families. Once he shows up, he will definitely die. If I were him, I wouldn’t come to this place. Staying alive is much more important than anything else.”

The two elderly men discussed softly. Nevertheless, they knew in their hearts that Qin Yu would definitely come, and the various aristocratic families would definitely take the opportunity to eliminate him.

“Just wait and see. When the Chaos Grave opens, there will be a grand performance.”

…

Time flew, and in the blink of an eye, another 10 days had passed.

During this period, the strange sounds of the Chaos Grave continued. From time to time, one could see beams of light soaring into the sky and terrifying internal qi.

The surrounding dao technique rules seemed to have disappeared. Under this powerful internal qi, several formation masters died.

At the same time, Qin Yu’s state of mind became even more stable in the Mystic Realm. He sat cross-legged all day as if he had merged with the surrounding nature.

This magical artifact was not simple. Even a lively person like Jue Wu had become much quieter in this Mystic Realm.

On this day, Xiao Hai, who had gone out to scout for information, returned to the Mystic Realm.

“The Chaos Grave will probably open soon,” Xiao Hai said in a deep voice.

Qin Yu slowly opened his eyes. He took a deep breath and said, “Is it finally about to open…”

Xiao Hai glanced at Qin Yu and said, “But I suggest you don’t go. The Si family is determined to get the Chaos Grave. They have already deployed a large number of people nearby. Once you show up, it will be difficult to escape their eyes.”

“That’s why we have to think of a way to avoid being noticed,” said Qin Yu in a deep voice.

With that said, Qin Yu took out the magical artifact that concealed internal qi.

He looked at Jue Wu and said, “This magical artifact was originally for you, but it seems I can’t give it to you now.”

“I won’t go this time to avoid causing you trouble,” Jue Wu stood up and said.

Qin Yu looked at Jue Wu in shock as if he couldn’t believe his ears.

Could it be that this Mystic Realm had changed Jue Wu’s personality? It was impossible. Although this Mystic Realm was powerful, it would not be so powerful!

...

“You must be careful,” Jue Wu reminded him.

Qin Yu couldn’t care so much. He nodded and said, “I know. I will help you find another magical artifact If there is a chance.”

Then Qin Yu looked at Xiao Hai and said, “Mr. Xiao, please take me out of this Mystic Realm.”

“You really want to go?” Xiao Hai frowned.

Qin Yu took a deep breath and said, “There is a huge gap between my cultivation realm and Si Shiyue’s. This is my only chance. If he gets the chaotic body, I can never surpass him. As such, I can’t give up no matter what.”