Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2030 The Gathering of All Parties

Xiao Hai certainly understood Qin Yu’s thoughts. He also understood Qin Yu’s personality, so he did not say anything else.

This Mystic Realm was not far from the Chaos Grave. As soon as Qin Yu walked out of the Mystic Realm, he felt a sense of pressure.

Although the pressure was not strong, it was clear.

“This sense of pressure… What’s going on?” Qin Yu frowned.

“It’s from the Chaos Grave,” Xiao Hai said in a deep voice.

“Chaos Grave?” Qin Yu was stunned. Looking around, he asked in confusion, “Where is the Chaos Grave? Why can’t I see it at all?”

“It’s still very far away,” Xiao Hai said. “The Chaos Grave has affected a large area.”

Qin Yu gasped when he heard that.

Even from far away, he could already feel the pressure of the Chaos Grave. How terrifying would it be at the center of the Chaos Grave?

Xiao Hai looked at Qin Yu’s expression and said softly, “The closer we get to the center of the Chaos Grave, the stronger the pressure will be. However, it is also a form of training for cultivation. Of course, if you want to cultivate in such an environment, you need tremendously strong willpower and talent.”

Qin Yu nodded and took a deep breath. He knew this would be a severe test. Not only would he have to face the pressure of the Chaos Grave, but he would also have to be careful against the schemes and pursuits of the various aristocratic families.

However, he didn’t plan to back off. This opportunity of the Chaos Grave was his only hope to catch up with Si Shiyue. For his future, he had to take the risk.

Xiao Hai stopped at a distance away from the Chaos Grave. He looked at Qin Yu and said in a deep voice, “From here on, you must be careful. Try not to reveal any flaws. It’s also a feasible method if you can borrow the power of other factions.”

Qin Yu nodded earnestly. He put on the magical artifact hat that concealed internal qi and took a deep breath before walking toward the Chaos Grave.

After much thought, Qin Yu and Xiao Hai decided to split and act separately for the time being to avoid attracting attention.

Just as Xiao Hai had said, the closer he got to the Chaos Grave, the stronger the pressure would be. It would even cause his entire chest to feel incredibly uncomfortable.

Qin Yu walked forward with the bamboo hat on his head. Covering by the bamboo hat, no one could see Qin Yu’s face clearly.

It was because many cultivators who came to the Chaos Grave wore magical artifacts that concealed internal qi. As such, no one would pay particular attention to Qin Yu.

“There’s indeed a lot of people.” Qin Yu sighed with emotion.

Many cultivators showed up, but nobody knew how many people hid in the dark.

Compared to the last time he came to the Chaos Grave, the scene this time was very different. All the terrain had returned to its original state. Many formations were in the center of the Tai Chi Diagram.

These formations would be used to open the Chaos Grave.

Many Formation Masters gathered together and activated their formations. They were sparing no effort to open the Chaos Grave.

Qin Yu remained silent. He found a relatively safe place to sit down and closed his eyes. At the same time, he restrained his internal qi and did not dare to reveal the slightest bit of divine sense to avoid being discovered by others.

The cultivators near the Chaos Grave were in groups of three to five. There were also many rogue cultivators who acted alone like Qin Yu.

Many people from the sects had also rushed over. They occupied a spot and quietly waited for their grave to open.

“Look, those are the people from the Mysterious Heaven Sect!” someone pointed at a group of cultivators gathered not far away and said.

“Mysterious Heaven Sect? Is it the sect known as the strongest under the nine great aristocratic families?”

“Yes. I heard the Mysterious Heaven Sect also had a cultivator at the Tribulation Stage back then. They were once reputable existences.”

“Look, the people from the Endless Sect are here too! The person leading this time seems to be its sect master!”

“The Afterglow Valley’s people are here too!”

“Blazing Sun Palace, Thunderous Palace, Green Lotus Sect…So many sects are present! The influence of the Chaos Grave is indeed terrifying!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

It was no exaggeration to say that this was the most influential event in recent years!

Qin Yu remained silent. He knew very well that although these sects were powerful, they were still far from the nine great aristocratic families.

They didn’t dare to covet the chaotic corpse in the Chaos Grave. They only wanted to seize some opportunities.

“Isn’t that the Chu family? Why are they here too?” At this moment, Qin Yu heard someone say beside him.

Qin Yu frowned slightly. He followed everyone’s gaze and saw a group of people.

The one leading them was an elderly man followed closely by Chu Sheng, who had a conflict with Qin Yu.

“Enemies are bound to meet on a narrow road.” Qin Yu narrowed his eyes.

At this moment, Chu Sheng was swaggering behind the elderly man of the Chu family. His face was full of confidence and smugness.

The group looked around as if they were looking for something.

“Father, will the Si family really befriend us because of this?” Chu Sheng asked softly.

Narrowing his eyes, the elderly man snorted coldly and said, “Our Chu family has always wanted to befriend the nine aristocratic great families. Unfortunately, we couldn’t find a suitable opportunity. This time, Qin Yu killed an elder of the Si family. I think the Si family must have hated him to the extreme! As for you, you happen to have a conflict with Qin Yu. It’s naturally a good opportunity for us. After all, the enemy of an enemy is a friend.”

Chu Sheng nodded repeatedly as if he felt what his father said made sense.

After a while, Chu Sheng spotted an elder of the Si Family. Then the group walked toward the elder.

The head of the Chu family was humble and expressed his intention.

Unfortunately, the elder of the Si Family did not give him any face.

“Chu family? I’ve never even heard of you, and you want to befriend us? If you can find Qin Yu, we might consider it. But now… Who do you think you are?” The Si family’s elder said mercilessly.

The head of the Chu family blushed but did not dare to say a thing.

Chu Sheng was a little angry, so he went forward and said, “Although our Chu family is not as powerful as your Si family, we are still a first-class aristocratic family in the eastern part of Yellow Sand Ridge. Aren’t you disrespecting us by saying so?”

“Respect?” The face of the elder of the Si family darkened. Then he waved his hand, and a terrifying force instantly sent Chu Sheng flying!

Although this strike wasn’t that powerful, it made Chu Sheng vomit blood!

“If you can’t educate him well, I can educate him on your behalf,” the elder of the Si family said coldly.

Although the head of the Chu family was furious, he dared not show it. He could only apologize desperately, “It is my fault for not educating him properly. Please forgive me, Elder…”

...

“If it wasn’t for the fact that it’s not suitable to kill before the Chaos Grave opens, this strike would be enough to take his life!” The elder of the Si family snorted coldly and then ignored them.