Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2038: The Blood of Chaotic Body

Qin Yu slowly turned around and saw an elegantly dressed handsome young man standing behind him.

However, this handsome face could not hide his salacious temperament.

“Cooperate with me?” Qin Yu sneered and said. “Cooperate with me and die?”

“Young friend, you can’t say that. I can see your body contains a huge amount of energy! As long as I can take a drop of blood essence from you, we can do whatever we want in this Chaos Grave!” he said smugly.

“Then what can you give me?” Qin Yu sneered.

“Anything you want! Everything can be discussed!” the other party continued.

“I don’t want anything.” Qin Yu raised her brows and said, “I want the corpse of the chaotic body. How about it?”

“This…” Hearing this, he immediately scratched his head.

Qin Yu reached out his hand and slapped his face hard.

“Do you think I don’t know who you are? Give me your path inscription, and I’ll go in,” Qin Yu said with his eyes wide open.

The cultivator was startled. Then he pretended to be at a loss and said, “What are you talking about? Why didn’t I understand?”

“Man with the mustache, are you still pretending? Alright, don’t waste your breath on me. Many experts are here. I don’t believe they don’t have tribulation path inscription,” Qin Yu snorted coldly and said.

After saying this, Qin Yu turned around and left.

“Hey, hey, hey! I was just joking with you. Why are you so anxious?” The man with the mustache hurriedly stopped Qin Yu.

He pulled Qin Yu to the side and said unhappily, “D*mn it! You noticed it again. ”

“Cut the crap. Tell me, do you have any path inscription with you?” Qin Yu frowned and said.

The man with the mustache said smugly, “What’s a path inscription? What are the treasures that I don’t have?”

“Alright, give me the path inscription, and I’ll give you a drop of blood essence,” Qin Yu said in a deep voice.

“No problem, of course!” The man with the mustache nodded repeatedly. After saying that, he was about to take out the path inscription.

But at this moment, Qin Yu stopped him.

“I’m not done yet, Qin Yu said in a deep voice.

“A drop of blood essence for a tribulation path inscription. This is a good deal,” the man with the mustache frowned and said.

“Cut the crap,” Qin Yu said coldly. “We can trade, but I have a condition.”

“What condition?” Although the man with the mustache was reluctant, he had no choice.

Qin Yu pointed at the barriers not far away and said, “After getting the things, you have to think of a way to send me out.”

As soon as he said this, a solemn expression appeared on the face of the man with the mustache.

“Why? Is this difficult for you?” Qin Yu said in surprise.

The man with the mustache glanced at Qin Yu and said, “To be honest, the formation set up by the Si family is much more advanced than you imagine. The bunch of Formation Masters had set up a formation together when they opened up the Chaos Grave. Not to mention humans, even a wisp of divine sense cannot escape.”

“Even you cannot do anything about it?” Qin Yu frowned.

The man with the mustache sighed and said, “I’m afraid there’s no other way this time. The Si family is extremely cautious about this matter, so there’s no loop pole.”

Qin Yu’s expression was a little ugly. He looked at the man with the mustache suspiciously and said, “What about you? How do you plan to leave after obtaining the treasure?”

“I won’t leave. I can only think of a way to hide for the time being,” the man with the mustache said.

“During this time, I have already set up a corner of the sky-concealing formation nearby to hide.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Qin Yu opened his mouth and was about to speak when the man with the mustache continued, “Unfortunately, that sky-concealing formation can only hide me.”

“Can only hide you?” A trace of suspicion could not help but appear in Qin Yu’s eyes.

This guy’s words had never been reliable. Qin Yu naturally would not believe him easily.

“It’s a pity,” the man with the mustache sighed. “It’s true this time. With my ability, I can only set up a corner.”

“It seems that we can’t join hands this time.” Qin Yu shook his head.

The man with the mustache quickly stopped Qin Yu and said, “Actually, there’s another way. I’ll hide everything for the time being. After the matter is over, I’ll give you the corpse of the chaotic body. Isn’t that fine?”

“Do you think I’m a fool?” Qin Yu narrowed his eyes and said. “Do you think the Si family will remove the formation if the body of the chaotic body is missing? I’m afraid that if I don’t get the chaotic body, I’ll never be able to leave this place.”

“You know that too! Then I can only give up on this chaotic body. After all, there are plenty of treasures here. Why should I bother?” the man with the mustache muttered.

“I can’t give up. I have to get it no matter what,” said Qin Yu in a deep voice.

“So, you should now think of a way to escape from here.” Qin Yu looked at the man with the mustache

“Even if you let me think about it now, I can’t put it in place in such a short time.” The man with the mustache scratched his ears and cheeks anxiously.

Qin Yu was silent. A sharp light flashed across his eyes. Then he said coldly, “If we really can’t get the corpse of the chaotic body, we’ll find a way to destroy it!

If I can’t get it, I definitely can’t let Si Shiyue take it away!”

“Don’t! Otherwise, you’ll be wasting god’s gift!” The man with the mustache became anxious.

“Of course, I won’t do it unless it’s absolutely necessary,” Qin Yu glanced at him and said. “Anyway, you should think of a way now.”

After that Qin Yu looked at Yan Guyun and the others.

At this moment, Yan Guyun, Si Liuhe, and the representatives of the various aristocratic families were gathered together, including Elder Shi.

They weren’t in a hurry to step into the Chaos Grave. Instead, they were discussing the distribution.

Even though they had yet to obtain the treasure, they felt they must get it. Therefore, naturally, they should be the ones to distribute it.

“I only have one thought, and that is we must obtain the corpse of the chaotic body,” Si Liuhe said indifferently.

“So, you don’t want anything else in the Chaos Grave besides that corpse?” Yan

...

Yunfan asked.

Si Liuhe was slightly displeased by Yan Yunfan’s interruption but didn’t say much. He just nodded and said, “As long as I can get my hands on the corpse of the chaotic body, I can give up everything.”

“Hehe! The most important thing in the entire tomb is the corpse of the chaotic body. Are we going to give it to you just like that? You’re dreaming,” Yan Yunfan said coldly.

Yan Yunfan had a similiar temperament as Yan Guyun’s. He did not care about Si Liuhe’s identity and strength at all.

At this moment, Si Shiyue walked out from behind him.

He said coldly, “Don’t forget, without my blood, you don’t even have the right to enter!”