Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2041: Entering the Chaos Grave Together

Qin Yu thought to himself, “If that’s the case, this fight might buy me more time to find a way to get rid of the nine great aristocratic families.”

However, the man with the mustache suddenly became serious and said, “Don’t be happy too soon. Even so, the nine great aristocratic families would fight secretly. They will try their best to avoid letting outsiders know about it so as not to contain the riot.”

Then the man with the mustache continued to remind him, “If my guess is correct, then it will be even more difficult for you to leave this place.”

Qin Yu nodded slightly. This was true.

But soon, Qin Yu laughed again.

“What are you laughing at?” The man with the mustache looked at Qin Yu suspiciously.

“If it’s Wu Ji’s tomb, I’m afraid there will be more people who want to come,” Qin Yu sneered and said.

Although the nine great aristocratic families represented the strongest fighting force in the Holy Region, it did not mean there was no other powerful rogue cultivator in the world.

Moreover, other than Holy Region, other powerful existences in the universe might also descend upon the Holy Region to seize Wu Ji’s secret burial.

Although the Holy Region was huge, it was nothing compared to the universe.

All the Tribulation Stage great cultivators had swept crossed the void before. A mere Holy Region could not stop them at all.

“Maybe,” the man with the mustache said.

He looked at the people from the nine great aristocratic families not far away and felt a little worried.

“I hope they don’t discover this is Wu Ji’s Big Grave,” the man with the mustache said in a low voice.

There weren’t many legends about Wu Ji in the Holy Region, but any one of them was unprecedented.

Rumor had it that back then, Wu Ji could fight against the Immortal Emperors at the Tribulation Stage without a disadvantage. There were even rumors that Wu Ji killed two Immortal Emperors in the outer region!

Although there was no evidence for this legend, it was not groundless. To be able to integrate nine types of dao techniques into one, his talent was definitely not inferior to any Immortal Emperor in the world!

Not far away, Yan Guyun and the others quickly came up with a plan.

If tribulation magical artifacts were found in the tomb, all of them would be given to the other eight aristocratic families. The Si family could also give up the Divine Medicines and immortal scriptures.

In short, the Si family only wanted that corpse and nothing else.

After the discussion, Yan Guyun and the others walked to the edge.

Si Shiyue, Saintess Gu, and the others followed closely behind.

“Brother Si, I’ll have to rely on you from now on,” Yao Xi said with a smile.

Although Si Shiyue did not like Yao Xi, he did not say anything. He narrowed his eyes, and a few drops of blood essence flew out from his glabella.

These drops of blood essence landed on their hands and then entered their bodies.

After forcing out a few drops of blood essence, Si Shiyue instantly became weaker, and his face turned pale.

“Thank you for your selfless contribution, Brother Si,” Yao Xi said strangely.

Si Shiyue looked at him coldly and said, “Cut the crap. I hope you won’t let me waste these few drops of blood essence for nothing.”

“Don’t worry, Brother Si,” Yao Xi said with a faint smile.

After saying that, rays of light appeared on his body.

The light enveloped his body, emitting traces of extremely sacred majesty.

It was the protection of tribulation path inscription. Without delay, the others also activated the tribulation path inscription and planned to step into the Chaos Grave.

“Everyone, don’t waste time. If there’s a delay, things will change. No one can guarantee what kind of terrifying living beings will breed in this Chaos Grave,” Si Liuhe said.

Looking over, tremendously terrifying lights were flickering in those few sanctums. All kinds of living beings were bred inside.

These living beings were bred from Wu Ji’s dao techniques. Although they were not as powerful as Wu Ji, they had comprehended Wu Ji’s dao techniques.

Therefore, even Si Liuhe and the others did not dare to offend them.

After that, a few of them stepped into the Chaos Grave. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Qin Yu narrowed his eyes and gazed fixedly in their direction.

The others also stood up and gazed fixedly at them.

Soon, Yan Guyun and the others entered the Chaos Grave.

The moment they stepped in, the death qi in the Chaos Grave became manic. It was like fierce beasts that opened their bloody mouths and wanted to devour all these uninvited guests!

“Swoosh…”

Terrifying internal qi intersected with their bodies, emitting extremely ear-piercing sounds.

Tribulation path inscription emitted its true power at this moment, resisting the internal qi of the Chaos Grave.

Even Yan Guyun and the others felt a bit of pressure.

“As expected of the Chaos Grave. It’s indeed terrifying,” Yan Guyun said coldly.

Even with the augmentation of the tribulation path inscription, their movements I became incredibly difficult. Every step they took was like a staggering old man.

Nonetheless, they had indeed resisted the terrifying internal qi in the Chaos Grave.

Not far away, the living beings in the nine sanctums were also looking at them.

They didn’t have any real emotions. They were purely bred from dao techniques. However, the nine living beings were all staring at them coldly.

“They managed to resist,” someone murmured.

“It seems one can enter the Chaos Grave as long as one has the Tribulation Path Inscription Protection!”

Everyone’s discussions surged like a tide, and some people even began to give it a try.

Qin Yu looked coldly at the nine sanctums.

...

Once the living beings in the sanctums moved, they would probably die here even with the Tribulation Path Inscription Protection.

However, after a long time, there was no strange phenomenon in the nine sanctums. They only watched coldly as the few walked into the depths of the Chaos Grave.

“It seems there’s no problem,” someone murmured.

“Hehe! In that case, I won’t miss this opportunity. Isn’t it just a tribulation path inscription? I have it too!”

At this moment, a cultivator roared. His body was wrapped in the path inscription, and densely packed inscriptions erupted from all over his body!

After that, without delay, the cultivator strode into the Chaos Grave!

“Swoosh!”

The moment he stepped in, the ear-piercing sound rang out again!

However, in less than half a second, the tribulation path inscription on his body shattered right away!

The cultivator’s expression instantly turned tremendously ugly. Before he could react, his body was swallowed by the death qi, and he turned into a tomb slave!

“Hmph! Idiot! Do you think you can barge into the Chaos Grave relying on a tribulation path inscription?” The man with the mustache sneered.

...

“He seemed to have forgotten about the blood essence of the chaotic body,” Qin Yu said in a deep voice.

“Without the blood essence of the chaotic body, even if you bring tribulation magical artifact, you probably can’t walk into the Chaos Tomb safely,” the man with the mustache narrowed his eyes and said.

The scene fell silent. No one dared to act rashly anymore.

“It seems that without the blood essence of the chaotic body, there’s no way to enter this Chaos Grave,” someone said in a low voice..