Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2051: Something Unexpected Happened Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The groups of people did not pay the slightest attention to Jue Wu’s shouts.

Their gazes were all on Qin Yu. One of the elderly men stepped forward and said indifferently, “Young friend Qin should know why we are here.”

“You want my blood essence?” Qin Yu sneered and said.

“No, no, no! If each of us wants a drop of blood essence, Young friend Qin would probably have his blood essence dried up,” the elderly man shook his head and said.

“What do you want then?” Qin Yu raised his eyebrows and asked.

“Young friend Qin, you only need to give us a few drops of blood. I believe the blood of a chaotic body will have the same effect,” the elderly man said.

“Old fellow, I think you should shut your mouth. The purpose of our trip is to obtain his blood essence! As for whether he lives or dies, it has nothing to do with us!” another group of people suddenly shouted at this moment.

“That’s right. Ordinary blood is not up to our taste!”

“Qin Yu hand over the blood essence in your body, and we might spare your life!”

Qin Yu’s expression instantly turned cold. He glanced coldly at everyone and said, “If I were to give all the blood essence in my body to you, my body would collapse even if I were lucky enough to survive. Your thoughts are indeed vicious.”

“Cut the crap! We’re not discussing this with you!” Someone took out a magical artifact and shouted.

“Qin Yu, there are so many of us here. Today, you have to agree no matter what!”

“Don’t wait for us to get it. Otherwise, you will suffer!”

Qin Yu drank the wine on the table in one gulp and shouted, “All of you, come at me together. I, Qin Yu, have nothing to fear!”

After saying that, the internal qi on his body suddenly erupted! The golden light directly shattered the tavern!

Jue Wu naturally wouldn’t sit idly by the side. She also stepped forward!

“Alright, since you’re the one who doesn’t know what’s good for you, don’t blame us for being impolite!” one of them shouted and charged straight at Qin Yu.

However, at this moment, a ray of light suddenly erupted and instantly shattered his body!

All of this happened too fast, and no one could react in time!

“What happened?” someone exclaimed.

“That brat… has a Saint Weapon!” At this moment, someone saw the sword in Qin Yu’s hand!

This sword was the Saint Weapon that Qin Yu had just obtained! Just as he was about to test the power of this Saint Weapon, this group of people ran out unexpectedly!

Qin Yu activated the Saint Weapon, and wisps of Holy Power instantly assailed everybody’s face!

A terrifying internal qi was constantly fermenting like a terrifying storm was about to arrive!

Qin Yu wielded the Saint Weapon and slashed out. Several people instantly exploded and died straightaway!

In a short while, the scene became chaotic. In front of the Saint Weapon, their resistance was futile. In the blink of an eye, several people fell to the ground!

The more Qin Yu fought, the braver he became. He wielded the Saint Weapon in his hands in the wind elegantly. The more he used it, the more at ease he felt.

But at this moment, a strand of Holy Power also emitted from the crowd, easily negating Qin Yu’s sword strike!

“Qin Yu do you think you’re the only one who possesses a Saint Weapon?” a cultivator in the crowd holding a pagoda shouted repeatedly.

“Buzz!”

However, at this moment, another wisp of Holy Power emitted! The Holy Power integrated with the purple light almost devoured everything!

The cultivator’s expression changed drastically, and he hurriedly blocked using the pagoda.

However, this attack was too fierce. The pagoda lasted less than half a second and shattered!

This scene not only caused everyone’s expression to change drastically, but it also even made Qin Yu frown a little.

He looked at Jue Wu and said in a low voice, “The Saint Weapon of Thunder Courtyard… is so terrifying?”

“No, it’s the power of the purple cloud pearl,” Jue Wu snorted and said.

“You have a new comprehension?” Qin Yu said in surprise.

“Of course!” Jue Wu said smugly. “The integration of the purple cloud pearl and the Saint Weapon can unleash an unprecedented terrifying power!”

Seeing this, a smile appeared on Qin Yu’s face.

“In that case, let’s kill them all,” Qin Yu said coldly.

As soon as he finished speaking, Qin Yu and Jue Wu attacked simultaneously.

In just a short while, the world seemed to be torn apart by these two powerful forces, wild winds roared, and the world shook!

As Qin Yu wielded his sword, rays of Spiritual Energy Sword rolled in the air like giant dragons. Each ray of Spiritual Energy Sword could easily slash the enemy into two!

Jue Wu’s power was even more terrifying. With a raise of her hand, several people instantly turned into dust!

Qin Yu and Jue Wu, like warships breaking through the waves, were invincible in this fierce battle! The air was filled with golden and purple light as if everything in the world was shaken by it. This place seemed to have turned into a terrifying battlefield, with rivers of blood and corpses everywhere!

The tavern no longer existed, and the entire Divine Fortuity City was in turmoil!

The various shops emitted wisps of mysterious internal qi to envelop the shops. They were afraid to be washed away by this internal qi!

Not long after, the enemies fell one after another. Their magical artifacts could not withstand Qin Yu and Jue Wu’s powerful strength!

“Qin Yu, we…we don’t want blood essence, but just a drop of your blood is enough!” someone saw that the situation was not good and hurriedly shouted!

“A drop of blood?” Qin Yu sneered and said. “I won’t even give you a drop of urine!”

Qin Yu’s merciless palm strike followed, directly smashing his head!

Soon, these people were either dead or fleeing. More than half of Divine Fortuity City was filled with the pungent smell of blood.

“This bunch of ignorant fellows.” Looking at the people fleeing in a sorry state, Jue Wu could not help but wave her small fists.

Qin Yu was silent. He knew that at the critical moment of the opening of the Chaos Grave, the blood in his body would probably be targeted by numerous people.

“Didn’t you just say we shouldn’t make a big move to avoid unnecessary complications? Why did you turn around and attack?” Jue Wu said unhappily.

“I didn’t expect to be targeted by so many people,” Qin Yu smiled bitterly and said.

At this point, Qin Yu could not help but curse in his heart, “That b*stard with the mustache hasn’t appeared yet till now.”

At this moment, Xiao Hai suddenly walked in from outside.

He saw the mess everywhere and seemed to have guessed something.

“Someone attacked you?” Xiao Hai frowned and said.

Before Qin Yu could speak, Jue Wu, at the side, said excitedly, “It’s fine now. We’ve chased them away!”

Xiao Hai nodded and glanced at Qin Yu. After ensuring Qin Yu was fine, he walked to the table and sat down with a grave expression.

Seeing Xiao Hai l s expression, Qin Yu frowned and said, “Brother Xiao Hai, what’s wrong?”

Xiao Hai was silent for a moment before saying, “The man with the mustache won’t be coming anymore. We can go back now.”

As soon as he said this, a trace of uneasiness instantly flashed across Qin Yu’s face.

“Brother Xiao Hai, why did you say that?” Qin Yu suppressed the uneasiness in his heart and asked as calmly as possible..