Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2071 Killing in One Strike

Si Shifeng was startled, then angrily said, “Qin Yu, what did you say?”

Qin Yu sneered and said, “Your internal qi is as weak as an ant. I almost killed you last time, but you don’t seem to remember. Why? Are you here courting death again?”

Si Shifeng was filled with surging battle intent instantly. He stepped forward and shouted, “Qin Yu, do you think you’re invincible among your peers? I, Si Shifeng, am not afraid of you!”

“Forget it! Otherwise, you’ll easily lose your life,” Qin Yu said coldly.

At this moment, the elderly man standing behind Si Shifeng stepped forward. The Holy Power on his body slowly spread out.

He was a real True Saint with terrifying strength. Even a wisp of his Holy Power that casually seeped out would surpass a Saint Weapon!

Even Qin Yu felt a trace of pressure.

He seemed to be using this wisp of internal qi to warn Qin Yu. However, Qin Yu could not be bothered.

Qin Yu’s body trembled slightly. After that, he sneered and said, “Senior, this is a world where strength is deemed the most important. However, isn’t the Si family making a mountain out of a molehill by sending a True Saint to deal with a junior like me?”

The elderly man put his hands behind his back and said indifferently, “I’m reluctant to attack you either, but unfortunately, the Holy Lord’s order is to take your life.”

At this point, he changed the topic and continued, “However, if you are willing to return to the Si family with me, I might consider sparing your life.”

“Senior, you don’t have to say such unrealistic things. I’m afraid I’ll end up even worse if I follow you back to the Si family,” Qin Yu said coldly.

The elderly man squinted his eyes and said with a smile, “I promise your life won’t be in danger. How about it? However, you have to hand over the supreme bone first.”

“I’m sorry. I’ve given the last piece of the supreme bone to the Jiang family. You may ask the Jiang family for it if you want it,” Qin Yu said coldly.

At this moment, Qin Yu no longer care about the Jiang family. It was most appropriate to bring them up at this point.

“Elder, you don’t have to waste your breath on him. Just kill him and take his supreme bone!” Si Shifeng said coldly.

Knowing it was impossible to persuade Qin Yu, the elderly man’s tone gradually turned cold.

“It seems the world has changed in the past few hundred years. The young people nowadays don’t know what respect is.” The elderly man sighed with emotion.

After that, he waved his hand and sent a wisp of internal qi into Si Shifeng’s body.

After obtaining this wisp of internal qi, Si Shifeng’s internal qi instantly skyrocketed, and his strength increased as well!

His whole body was emitting a faint Holy Power. It was no exaggeration to say that Si Shifeng’s strength now was no weaker than a Semi-Saint!

This was the terrifying thing about the True Saint. Even if he didn’t attack, he could easily create a group of Semi-Saint experts!

“Kill him,” the elderly man waved his hand and said indifferently.

“Qin Yu, you’re going to die today!” Si Shifeng sneered and said. “I’m going to kill you now!”

With this wisp of internal qi, Si Shifeng’s confidence instantly soared. He immediately attacked, wanting to avenge his previous humiliation!

Endless internal qi lingered around Si Shifeng’s hands. His body shook and he instantly appeared in front of Qin Yu!

“Boom!”

After a loud bang, the entire space cracked open! And the ground shattered completely! It was impossible to see clearly!

The elderly man had his hands behind his back and looked indifferent.

However, half a second later, his expression turned incredibly ugly!

Si Shifeng’s head was smashed, leaving only his body standing there!

Not to mention his body, even Si Shifeng’s divine sense couldn’t escape!

“It’s the Mysterious Heavenly Mirror! The Jiang family’s tribulation magical artifact!”

When the elderly man saw the tribulation magical artifact hanging above Qin Yu’s head, his expression was terrifyingly gloomy!

No one had expected Qin Yu to kill Si Shifeng with one punch! It was without the slightest sloppiness!

Relying on a tribulation magical artifact, how would Qin Yu be afraid of Si Shifeng? Moreover, Qin Yu did not want to waste his breath on him at all. Since he was already here, he might as well die here!

“You actually killed the heir of my Si family…” The True Saint was so angry that he trembled. His withered face kept trembling like a trembling mountain.

“I’ve long been at loggerheads with your Si family. Since I can kill him, why should I spare him?” Qin Yu sneered and said.

“You’re courting death!” The elderly man was furious to the extreme! He had never expected Qin Yu to have a sharp weapon that could kill Si Shifeng!

If this matter spread to the Si family, it would probably cause a commotion in the Si family!

Although he was a True Saint and the Si family couldn’t do anything to him, he was afraid that his reputation would be down the drain!

“I must kill you!” The internal qi on the elderly man’s body continued to emit, and the terrifying Holy Power was constantly fermenting!

He was a real Saint, which Semi-Saint could not compare with. Once he made a move, it would be earth-shattering, and could casually destroy a city!

The entire ground was trembling as if everyone was going to die here because of his anger!

The Mysterious Heavenly Mirror above Qin Yu’s head continued to emit light, enveloping Qin Yu.

With the protection of the tribulation magical artifact, Qin Yu was confident he could escape this calamity.

“Senior, let me give you a piece of advice. In your current state, I’m afraid your lifespan will be shortened if you attack,” Qin Yu said coldly.

“If you fail to kill me, you’ll waste your remaining lifespan.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

After hearing Qin Yu’s words, the elderly man’s expression became even uglier!

He saw the tribulation magical artifact hanging above Qin Yu’s head. It was an incredibly powerful protective tribulation magical artifact. A true Saint could not do anything to it even if he attacked it with all his might.

Without a doubt, this elderly man was not confident that he could kill Qin Yu! If he burned his blood essence, it would be equivalent to burning his life!

Seeing the effectiveness of his words, Qin Yu sneered and said, “I think you should go back to get a tribulation magical artifact, then only look for me. With your True Saint’s methods, it shouldn’t be difficult for you to find me, right?”

The elderly man did not say a word. Clearly, he had been convinced by Qin Yu.

He looked at Qin Yu coldly. After that, his eyes narrowed slightly, and a ray of bright light entered Qin Yu’s body at a tremendous speed!

Qin Yu frowned and quickly said, “What is this?”

“I’ve left a mark on your body. As long as you’re alive, this mark will never disappear!” the old man sneered and said. “Don’t worry. Even if you run to the ends of the earth, I will find you!”

Hearing this, Qin Yu’s expression changed, and he could not help but curse, “You old thing! What a cunning villain!”

“Little b*stard, you killed the heir of the Si family. It will definitely enrage the entire Si family. No matter what price we have to pay, we will kill you!” the elderly man said furiously.