Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

2073 Xiao Sheng in Dragon Burial Cave

Qin Yu was tremendously familiar with this feeling. He had experienced it when he came to Donghuang previously.

Qin Yu took a deep breath and whispered to himself, “It’s that curse.”

After such a long time, Qin Yu thought the curse had long disappeared. He did not expect the curse to reappear when he came to Donghuang again.

Qin Yu remained silent, not knowing how to eliminate this curse. He also could not understand what that terrifying gaze in the dark was.

With Qin Yu’s current strength, he could not see through the secrets within. Therefore, he simply chose to ignore the vision in the dark.

Today’s Donghuang had begun to have cities one after another, and the once desolation had disappeared.

With people moving around, Donghuang did not seem to be safe anymore.

Qin Yu could not help but feel a little conflicted. He began to wonder if he should go to Dragon Burial Cave.

If he guessed correctly, Xiao Sheng was most probably hiding in the Dragon Burial Cave.

It was a place full of danger. Surrounded by dark energy, it restrained the spiritual power.

Xiao Sheng went through difficulties and challenges. Thus he would naturally choose even more dangerous places to venture into.

After much consideration, Qin Yu finally decided to go to Dragon Burial Cave. It was a good place for cultivation regardless of whether he would meet Xiao Sheng.

Therefore, Qin Yu finally followed the memories in his mind and walked toward Dragon Burial Cave.

Although the spiritual energy in Donghuang had begun to recover, there was still a large area of desert. The surroundings of Dragon Burial Cave seemed unaffected by the dao technique, and the desolate scenery remained unchanged.

On the way to Donghuang, Qin Yu saw one city after another. People were discussing the new “Lord Donghuang” in teahouses everywhere.

Qin Yu could not help but frown slightly upon hearing this address.

He rubbed his nose and murmured, “Lord Donghuang? Could it be Xiao Sheng?”

Qin Yu had wanted to ask but was worried he would expose his whereabouts. In the end, he still rushed toward Dragon Burial Cave.

After two whole days, Qin Yu finally arrived at Dragon Burial Cave.

The scene in Dragon Burial Cave did not change much. It was still gloomy.

This kind of environment made people unable to cultivate, so it was deserted.

Standing there and looking at the Dragon Burial Cave, his eyes could not help but narrow slightly.

“As expected, someone has already arrived,” Qin Yu thought to himself.

Looking around, the strange underground creature he encountered previously did not appear. Instead, there were traces on the ground.

These traces seemed to be the metamorphosis of the corpses those strange creatures left behind. Upon closer inspection, there were even dried blood stains on the ground.

Qin Yu released his divine sense and tried to capture traces of Xiao Sheng.

At this moment, a hand was placed on Qin Yu’s back.

Qin Yu was shocked and quickly turned around. He saw Xiao Sheng standing behind him. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Xiao Sheng’s figure was still tall and straight as a pine tree. His long white robe coupled with his flowing long hair, made him look slightly different from Xiao Hai.

The only thing that Qin Yu felt strange was that Xiao Sheng’s body was covered in blood as if he was injured.

“You’re indeed here.” Qin Yu laughed.

Xiao Sheng did not respond to him. He just casually said, “I knew you would come here.”

Qin Yu smiled bitterly and said, “Under the current situation, I can only escape to this place.”

“Escape? Is it still because of the Si family?” Xiao Sheng asked casually.

Xiao Sheng, who went on a retreat in Donghuang, had no idea what was happening outside.

Qin Yu waved his hand and did not answer the question. He looked at Xiao Sheng’s injuries and said in surprise, “What are these injuries on your body?”

Xiao Sheng did not answer. He just looked at the traces on the ground.

“You encountered those things?” Qin Yu was instantly surprised.

“Yes.” Xiao Sheng nodded. “I killed them all and used them to comprehend the dao.”

“You killed them all?” Qin Yu was instantly shocked.

If he remembered correctly, those densely packed insect-like creatures were incomparably tough and could be reborn any time!

Previously, Qin Yu almost died because of this, and now Xiao Sheng killed them all!

“Just as I guessed, those things are dao insects,” Xiao Sheng said.

“Dao insects?” Qin Yu was even more puzzled.

“They’re insects that transformed from the dao technique. They seem dangerous, but they hide the Great Dao. In other words, the rebirth of Donghuang was inextricably linked to the dao insects,” Xiao Sheng said.

Qin Yu was slightly startled as if he understood what Xiao Sheng meant.

“In other words… The dao technique of Donghuang was most likely hidden in this dao insect. You comprehended the dao technique of heaven and earth from dao insects and used it to comprehend dao?” Qin Yu said in shock.

Xiao Sheng nodded slightly, clearly agreeing with Qin Yu.

Qin Yu hurriedly sent out a wisp of divine sense to spy on Xiao Sheng’s current cultivation realm.

However, Xiao Sheng’s body seemed to have been wrapped in fog and could not be seen.

“When all the dao insects die, Donghuang will regain its spiritual energy and dao technique…” Qin Yu murmured.

“In the entire Holy Region, I’m afraid you’re the only one who has noticed Donghuang.”

Xiao Sheng did not respond. He found a place to sit down cross-legged. He closed his eyes slightly and tried to comprehend the dao technique that once was missing in Donghuang.

Seeing this scene, Qin Yu could not help but sigh.

Xiao Sheng was indeed an extraordinary talent that is rare to come by in a millennium. No wonder even Dean Lei gave him the green light.

Qin Yu imitated Xiao Sheng and sat down as well. However, Qin Yu was already on the verge of breaking through. Given sufficient time, he could step into the Advanced-stage of Reversion Void at any time.

Coupled with the Traceless Immortal Scripture, no one knew how terrifying Qin Yu’s cultivation would be when the time came.

The two sat cross-legged for three whole days in such a way.

Three days later, Xiao Sheng opened his eyes.

He frowned a little as if he had encountered some puzzlement.

“By the way, I met Brother Xiao Hai,” Qin Yu suddenly said.

Xiao Sheng raised his head and looked at Qin Yu before asking casually, “Where is he now?”

“Zhongzhou,” Qin Yu said.

He opened his mouth and wanted to tell Xiao Sheng about Xiao Hai’s current situation, but he did not after thinking about it.

“With his character, he will encounter a calamity sooner or later,” Xiao Sheng said in a low voice.

“Then why didn’t you try to stop him?” Qin Yu could not help but ask.

“That’s his dao technique. Everyone has their own choices and deserves to be respected by everyone. I have no right to change anyone.” Xiao Sheng’s reply was simple yet reasonable.