2087 Teng Zixu Came Out of Seclusion

The matter of the Chaos Grave seemed to have stopped for the time being, but everyone knew it was just the calm before the storm.

As soon as a new Saint appeared, they would definitely negotiate with Dean Lei, especially the new Saints of the nine great aristocratic families.

In the Chaos Grave, the nine sanctums were still emitting a terrifying light. At the same time, Qin Yu was in retreat in Thunder Courtyard.

After experiencing so much, Qin Yu already had the means to step into the Advanced-stage Reversion Void. Coupled with the support of dragon blood and other items, Qin Yu’s breakthrough was not that difficult. He just needed some time.

At the Thunder Courtyard, Qin Yu retreated alone, concentrating on his cultivation.

His internal qi grew increasingly stronger, and the magic power in his body also surged continuously. He could almost feel the intense vitality.

As time passed, Qin Yu’s cultivation base grew even more stable, and his understanding of the Advanced stage of the Reversion became even more thorough.

Outside the Chaos Grave, the True Saints of the nine great aristocratic families did not let their guard down.

They closely monitored the movements of the Chaos Grave, afraid that any unforeseen changes would happen.

As the storm was about to come, they were all secretly accumulating their strength and preparing to deal with any possible situations.

Following Dean Lei’s attack, the Holy Region enjoyed a short period of peace. Everything seemed to have calmed down.

However, everyone in the Holy Region was discussing who would be the first to step into the True Saint Cultivation Realm.

Some said it would be Si Liuhe, and some said Yan Guyun. Some even guessed it would be the top-notch Holy Son of the great aristocratic families.

A few days later, a shocking news suddenly broke out. The day of the Path of Heaven was about to descend, and it would not exceed three months at most!

The moment this news spread, the entire Holy Region was instantly in an uproar.

“The day of the Heavenly Dao will descend within three months? So soon? It seems to be faster than everyone has guessed!”

“That’s right. Someone has said it will take at least a year, but now it’s only a few months. It’s very much sooner than what they’ve predicted.”

“So, Si Shiyue and Yan Ruoxue are getting engaged?”

This news had only spread for a dozen days when another explosive news spread.

Teng Zixu, the heir of the Teng family, one of the nine great aristocratic families, had come out of seclusion!

As expected, he had stepped into the True Saint cultivation realm!

Although Teng Zixu was slightly older than Si Shiyue and the others, he was still a junior!

A dozen years ago, Teng Zixu was known as the First Heir and the number one genius of the Holy Region. However, he chose to go into retreat when he was at the peak of his glory. And this retreat lasted for ten years!

Ten years had passed, and Teng Zixu had stepped into the True Saint cultivation realm in the new era!

“As expected of the number one Holy Son of the Holy Region. His talent is indeed terrifying!”

“I didn’t expect Teng Zixu to be faster than Si Liuhe and the others!”

“Teng Zixu has come out of seclusion. The competition among the younger generation of the Holy Region will probably be even more exciting in the future.”

In just a few days, the Teng family announced that they would hold a grand banquet three days later and invited everyone to come and congratulate Teng Zixu.

Not only that, but the Teng family also set a rule that anyone could participate, but no one, including the nine great aristocratic families,

was allowed to make a move in the Teng family.

The purpose of the Teng family doing this was first to ensure that the banquet would proceed as scheduled, and second to make a show of their strength to the nine great aristocratic families.

With the emergence of a True Saint, the Teng family seemed to be slightly better than the other aristocratic family without burning their blood essence.

“Is this Teng family trying to tell us that their family will surpass us moving forward?” Some aristocratic families quickly saw through the Teng family’s intentions and were instantly tremendously displeased. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

However, the Teng family’s demand was not unreasonable. Moreover, the fact that Teng Zixu came out of seclusion had indeed given confidence to the Teng family.

Therefore, even if the aristocratic families were unhappy, they could only endure it.

The date was set to be three days later, and the location was at the Teng family’s residence.

Meanwhile, Qin Yu was at the critical moment of breaking through to the Advanced-stage of the Reversion Void.

He felt the spiritual power in his body surging like a torrent rushing.

He was fully concentrating on cultivating. The life force and spiritual power in his body complemented each other and continuously instilled his meridians and dantian.

During this process, Qin Yu’s consciousness gradually entered an ethereal state as if he had integrated with heaven and earth. He could clearly feel every trace of internal qi and life fluctuations around him.

All of a sudden, the magic power in Qin Yu’s body seemed to have broken through the formation, and a powerful internal qi spread throughout his entire body.

Qin Yu was shocked. He felt the internal qi in his body soar several times. Both his physical body and divine sense were greatly enhanced at this moment!

He could clearly feel the blood flowing in his body, which seemed to be fusing with his body and slowly revealing a slight hint of golden color.

Qin Yu slowly opened his eyes. He clenched his fist, and the void in front of him instantly shattered. His dao technique even acted according to his heart!

“So this is the Advanced-stage Reverion Void cultivation realm…” Qin Yu’s eyes were filled with intense amazement.

Although it was only a small increase in his cultivation realm, the increase in his strength had far exceeded his imagination.

“Hmm?”

At this moment, Qin Yu suddenly sensed a hint of a strange dao technique. This dao technique was tremendously strange. It was both familiar and somewhat strange.

“Is… Is this Holy Power?” Qin Yu was shocked and suddenly realized something!

Qin Yu’s internal qi actually contained traces of Holy Power!

Although it was only a wisp, Qin Yu was terrified!

Holy Power was unique to Saints and not something an Advanced-stage Reversion Void cultivator could comprehend!

“Could it be… I’ve directly stepped into the Semi-Saint realm?” Qin Yu exclaimed.

“There’s no need to be surprised. Strictly speaking, the Semi-Saint realm doesn’t exist. It’s just a title given to those who have surpassed the Advanced-stage Reversion to Void and comprehended a trace of Holy Power.”

At this moment, Dean Lei’s voice came from outside the door.

Qin Yu hurriedly looked over and saw Dean Lei slowly walking in.

“Dean Lei.” Qin Yu quickly bowed, the excitement and surprise in his eyes unconcealed.

The reason Qin Yu was so excited was that he had seen a scene when he was comprehending the Traceless Immortal Scripture.

That was, Wu Ji killed a True Saint as a Semi-Saint! Even though that True Saint was near the end of his life, such an outstanding battle record was still unprecedented!

This also showed that a True Saint was not a god and would still lose! Qin Yu, at the Semi-Saint cultivation realm now, also had a glimmer of hope!

“Congratulations,” Dean Lei smiled faintly and said.

This time, Qin Yu was not humble. He scratched his head and said, “The breakthrough this time has indeed surprised me…”

“Hahaha!” Upon hearing this, Dean Lei could not help but stroke his beard and laugh.

However, at this moment, Dean Lei switched the topic and said, “But don’t be happy too early. Teng Zixu has already come out of seclusion.”