Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

2092 Teng Zixu Appears

At the scene, the attitudes of the crowd were different, with some people snickering and others shocked. Yan Ruoxue, watching from afar, could not help but cover her mouth and chuckle secretly.

“As expected, lower-class people are uncultured,” Si Qianjing said coldly.

Qin Yu sneered and said,” If you were a True Sain at the peak, I might be afraid of you. But you’re just a dying old man. Once you make a move, you’ll probably die, too, right? Why do you still have an arrogant look on your face?

“Moreover, what do you mean by low class and uncultured? Ask the people who came here to participate in this grand event. Who would treat the Traceless Immortal Scripture as theirs like you? You were incapable of getting it, but when someone else did, you acted arrogantly relying on your seniority. Don’t you have shame?”

Qin Yu’s non-stop cursing made Si Qianjing’s face turn red, and he was instantly enraged.

Qin Yu knew very well that most of the people who came to attend this grand event today were rogue cultivators. He had deliberately roped them in to embarrass Si Qianjing.

“Well said!” In the crowd, Yan Ruoxue deliberately raised her voice and shouted.

Following Yan Ruoxue’s shout, many rogue cultivators in the crowd also began to speak up.

“Tsk tsk, the Si family is really high and mighty. They keep saying we’re at the bottom.”

“That’s right. He’s just a bully who fears the strong. If he’s so awesome, why doesn’t he go and shout at Dean Lei?”

“The Si family doesn’t seem to be anything special! Si Qianjing is from the previous generation. Sooner or later, we will trample him under our feet!”

Si Qianjing stomped his feet out of anger but could not do anything to Qin Yu.

Fortunately, Teng Tian waved his hand and said, “Alright, today is a joyous occasion for my Teng family, so let’s not quarrel. Just treat it respecting my Teng family. How about it?”

“Alright, Senior, I respect you and let Si Qianjing off today!” Qin Yu hurriedly shouted.

Knowing Si Qianjing would definitely take advantage of the situation, Qin Yu took one step ahead and interrupted him, leaving him speechless. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

As expected, Si Qianjing’s face turned even uglier. He was trembling all over but could do nothing to Qin Yu.

Qin Yu dared not say anything else after taking advantage of him. If he forced Si Qianjing into a corner, it would be hard to say what Si Qianjing would do to him when he left the Teng family.

After delivering the congratulatory gift, Qin Yu found a place where no one was around and sat down. He poured a pot of wine and took a big gulp.

After a while, Saintess Gu, Holy Son Jiang, and the others came and sat down in front of Qin Yu.

“Qin Yu, you’re really sharp-tongued,” Holy Son Jiang said with a smile.

If Qin Yu had not scolded him, Ji Qianjing would definitely not let go of the Traceless Immortal Scripture.

However, after the ruckus by Qin Yu, everyone’s attention was instantly distracted.

“Brother Qin, you really made a brilliant move,” Saintess Gu said with a smile.

Just as the few were talking, a ray of light suddenly flashed in the sky. Following that, someone said in a low voice, “Teng Zixu is here.”

As expected, a young man stepped into the void and came from not far away. Instantly, everyone turned to look at him.

Teng Zixu, the number one person among the younger generation of the Holy Region, stepped into the void and slowly descended into the crowd.

He was tall and straight. Dressing in snow-white clothes, he looked elegant like a fairy. A sharp edge, like a sword, revealed between his eyebrows.

And his eyes were as deep as the stars as if they contained endless dao techniques.

Upon closer look, Teng Zixu was surrounded by the dao technique as if he had already comprehended the dao technique to the extreme.

The air around him seemed to have condensed. He was like the focal point of the world. Wherever Teng Zixu passed by, regardless of whether it was the disciples of the aristocratic families or the rogue cultivators, they could not help but make way for him, showing him reverence.

Teng Zixu’s internal qi was incredibly unique. It was like a breeze, but it also made people feel a different kind of coolness.

This internal qi not only revealed his noble temperament but also showed his transcendental cultivation realm.

However, there was also a strong sense of oppression in this coolness. He was as if a born monarch respected by heaven and earth.

Even Qin Yu could not help but be moved. He was even more shocked than when he first saw Si Shiyue.

“He’s Teng Zixu. He really lives up to his reputation,” Qin Yu said in a low voice.

Saintess Gu nodded and said, “Teng Zixu is indeed a different kind of person. He seems to be born from the heavens and earth. Not only does he have a super strong comprehension ability, but he also has an innate talent for everything in the cultivation world.”

This instantly caused Qin Yu to have doubts in his heart again.

Could it be that his guess was right? Could it be that the Holy Region was really related to the Teng family?

In the crowd, whispers and discussions arose continuously. Some people also took the opportunity to congratulate Teng Zixu and get close to him.

After some small talk, Yao Xi led Teng Zixu toward Qin Yu’s table.

“Brother Teng, long time no see,” Holy Son Jiang stood up and said with a smile.

Teng Zixu bowed slightly and said, “It’s been ten years. Brother Jiang’s internal qi has become much stronger.”

“Compared to Brother Teng, I’m afraid it’s not worth mentioning,” Holy Son Jiang said with a hint of self-mockery.

Teng Zixu was smiling and was rather approachable.

After that, Saintess Gu greeted Teng Zixu and the few of them sat down in front of Qin Yu.

“Brother Teng, let me introduce you. In the ten years that you disappeared, a newcomer has suddenly appeared,” Yao Xi looked at Qin Yu and said casually.

Teng Zixu’s gaze fell on Qin Yu. He smiled and said, “I have heard of Brother Qin.”

Qin Yu smiled and replied, “Brother Teng must be joking. I’m just an unknown person. Everything I do is just to survive.”

“Brother Qin is too humble. Isn’t Brother Qin here to attain the dao?” Before Teng Zixu could say anything, Yao Xi, who was at the side, said with a smile.

“I think everyone has a dream of attainment,” Qin Yu said in a deep voice.”

“That’s true. After all, you’ve obtained Wu Ji’s inheritance,” Yao Xi smiled faintly.

Hearing this, Teng Zixu said in surprise, “Brother Qin, you’ve obtained Wu Ji’s Inheritance?”

Qin Yu frowned but admitted, “Mmm. I was lucky enough to obtain the Traceless Immortal Scripture.”

“Hahaha, Brother Qin is also a chaotic body. Perhaps in this era, we can see a Wu Ji cultivating in the Golden Age!” Teng Zixu exclaimed.

“Then Brother Qin is the unprecedented number one person in history,” Yao Xi said indifferently.