Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2100 Emperor Shadow Technique

Seeing Yao Xi’s technique, everyone around exclaimed in surprise!

As for Holy Son Jiang and the others, they were knowledgeable and could see through this technique at a glance.

“Emperor Shadow Technique? Yao Xi is using such a technique the moment he attacks?” Holy Son Jiang could not help but frown.

“I can see that Yao Xi can’t wait to win this battle,” Saintess Gu laughed and said.

The Emperor Shadow Technique was passed down from the Yao family’s Immortal Emperor. It was a true Immortal Emperor’s technique. Once used, it was like the shadow of an emperor covering the heavens and earth, and its divine might was boundless.

At a glance, Yao Xi was incomparably domineering. He was like an Immortal Emperor that had just awakened, incomparably majestic, making people unable to resist bowing and paying homage!

Qin Yu’s eyes narrowed. Although he did not know about this technique, he could tell it was extraordinary.

“Looks like this Yao Xi wants to end the battle as soon as possible,” Qin Yu thought to himself.

However, he was not afraid. Instead, he was a little thrilled. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Yao Xi coldly looked at Qin Yu, and his eye expression changed. It became full of contempt as if he was looking down at an ant.

And the contempt was emitting from his bones which could not be faked at all!

“Qin Yu, you should pay the price now.” Yao Xi’s voice was extremely cold. It was as if far away from the horizon and yet so close as if it was in front of his eyes.

“Then let me see how capable you are!” Qin Yu sneered and said.

Immediately after, the golden light on Qin Yu’s body became even hotter.

He suddenly clasped the hands together and pushed out!

In an instant, a massive golden fist shadow tore through the air, bringing with it endless destructive power, and directly rushed toward Yao Xi’s Emperor Shadow Technique!

“Boom!”

The heavens and earth seemed to tremble. The golden fist shadow that tore through the air suddenly collided with Yao Xi’s Emperor Shadow Technique. Following that, a tremendous dazzling light erupted, directly tearing apart the surrounding space!

The light rippled between heaven and earth and instantly turned the surrounding mountains, rivers, and trees into dust. A terrifying destructive power wreaked havoc in the world.

This scene shocked everyone.

But soon, Qin Yu’s radiance was suppressed by Yao Xi with a raise of his hand. Qin Yu’s punch could not even touch Yao Xi in the slightest!

A backlash was forcing its way through, directly causing Qin Yu to suddenly spit out a mouthful of fresh blood!

Qin Yu’s expression suddenly changed drastically, and he was tremendously terrified deep down!

“Is this the Holy Son? He’s indeed terrifying!” Qin Yu was startled and turned pale!

Yao Xi’s strength had clearly exceeded Qin Yu’s imagination! The secret technique he used was even more terrifying. It was as if he could destroy the world with a raise of his hand!

Qin Yu took a deep breath and slowly clenched his fist. At this moment, Golden Light appeared!

This punch was none other than Qin Yu’s Ten Thousand Spell Breaking Punch!

Facing a powerful opponent like Yao Xi, Qin Yu did not dare to be negligent in the slightest!

He roared angrily, and Holy Power instantly rose. His golden fist was like a millstone, opening up the world!

“Ten Thousand Spell Breaking Punch!”

Qin Yu’s voice reverberated between heaven and earth. His golden fist was like a sun hanging high in the sky, emitting an incomparably dazzling light.

At the same time, his body seemed to have transformed into a long golden arc that instantly broke through the restrictions of space and then charged directly at Yao Xi.

Looking at Qin Yu who was rushing over, a hint of coldness flashed in Yao Xi’s eyes.

“Then I’ll show you the true power of my Emperor Shadow Technique!”

As soon as he finished speaking, the power of heaven and earth behind him instantly condensed into a huge screen of light that shielded him.

“Boom!”

Qin Yu’s fists hit the light screen like a storm, instantly causing a deafening bang. The light screen trembled violently as if it would shatter in the next moment.

However, at this moment, a cold smile appeared on Yao Xi’s face.

“Do you think your Ten Thousand Spell Breaking Punch can break my Emperor Shadow Technique? Then you’re totally wrong!”

As soon as he finished speaking, cracks suddenly appeared on the huge light screen, and then it instantly shattered.

“D*mn!”

Seeing this scene, Qin Yu’s face instantly turned pale. He could feel what was transmitted from the light screen was a terrifying suction force!

He wanted to break free, but he discovered e was like being stuck in a quagmire. The more he struggled, the deeper he got in.

“How could it be?”

Qin Yu’s heart was full of shock. He could not believe that his Ten Thousand Spell Breaking Punch, which could break all techniques, was so vulnerable in front of Yao Xi’s Emperor Shadow Technique.

However, just as he was in shock, the power of the Emperor Shadow Technique had already completely surrounded him, and he couldn’t break free.

Everyone present was dumbfounded. They could not believe what they were seeing.

“Is this the true power of the emperor technique?” someone murmured. They could feel the power of the Emperor Shadow Technique was actually so powerful.

At this moment, Yao Xi was like a true Immortal Emperor who had resurrected. It was too terrifying!

Although his strength was far inferior to the Immortal Emperor, he was using the technique of a true Immortal Emperor!

What was even more terrifying was that emperor’s blood was flowing in Yao Xi’s body. Thus his comprehension of this technique could be said to be perfect!

“Crack!”

At this moment, a crisp sound rang out. Qin Yu’s arm was instantly devoured by a huge force as if it was about to shatter!

Fortunately, Qin Yu had Wu Ji’s divine robe on his body. Otherwise, this arm would probably have turned into dust!

“Qin Yu, is this all you have?” Yao Xi looked down and said coldly.

Qin Yu panted slightly. He looked at the slightly taller Yao Xi in front of him and said coldly, “Immortal Emperor’s technique is truly terrifying.”

“This kind of technique can only unleash its true power on people who have the bloodline of my ancestors!” Yao Xi sneered and said.

“And I, Yao Xi, am the one who inherited the most complete bloodline of the Yao family! That’s why I’m respected as the Holy Son of the Yao family!

“Today, I’ll tell you what the word ‘Holy Son’ means. I’ll also tell you how terrifying the power of bloodline is!”

Qin Yu raised his eyebrows, sneered, and said, “I can tell that you’re very proud. Alright then, I’ll shatter your so-called pride as a Holy Son today!”

When Yao Xi heard this, the smile on his face became even wider. “You’re courting death. I’ll satisfy you.”

As his voice faded, the emperor’s shadow gathered behind him once again and pressed down on Qin Yu. At that moment, the entire world seemed to darken. Only the light of the emperor’s shadow shone on the world.

However, Qin Yu was not afraid. Instead, a hint of determination appeared on his face.

Immediately after, the internal qi on Qin Yu’s body skyrocketed again, and the fighting word formula instantly activated the sixth level!

Under the support of the sixth level of the fighting word formula, Qin Yu’s internal qi swept through the world. Even Holy Son Jiang and the others in the distance frowned.

“Fighting word formula?” Holy Son Jiang murmured. He had once asked Jiang He to pass on this technique to him, but he was mercilessly rejected. He did not expect this technique to erupt on Qin Yu today.