2101 The Strength of the Holy Son

The fighting word formula was mysterious and unfathomable. In the entire Holy Region, one could not find any resources for the cultivation.

In other words, the world was controlled by Qin Yu and Jiang He now.

Everyone was instantly shocked by the technique that Qin Yu was using!

Even Yao Xi slightly narrowed his eyes. He seemed to have felt slight pressure.

“Although I’m not a Holy Son, nor do I have the Immortal Emperor’s bloodline, I’ll tell you that my, Qin Yu’s, bloodline is the most powerful!” Qin Yu’s voice echoed through the heavens and the earth, moving people to their core.

As he spoke, Qin Yu once again circulated the true energy in his entire body. The golden light all over his body shone brightly. He did not use anything special but directly circulated his fist-fighting technique instead.

Ten Thousand Spell Breaking Punch!

In the golden light, he swung his fist again, instantly breaking the space in front of him and heading straight for the emperor’s shadow.

Qin Yu used all his strength in this punch.

Boom!

The golden light and the emperor’s shadow collided again, and the heaven and earth seemed to tremble again. However, this time, Qin Yu’s fist did not rebound like last time. Instead, it forcefully tore the emperor’s shadow apart.

“How could it be!” Yao Xi’s expression changed drastically.

He had never thought Qin Yu’s punch could break his Emperor Shadow Technique. However, what surprised him, even more, was that Qin Yu did not use anything special. He only relied on his fist-fighting technique to do so.

A constant rumbling sound was in the void, and the ground continued to crack. Giant rocks shattered one after another.

Even with the support of several elders of the Yao family, the entire mountain was still rumbling non-stop as if it would collapse at any moment!

Everyone exclaimed in shock. They held their breaths and were still and quiet, staring at the battlefield!

It could be called a battle of the peak of the younger generation. They represented the strongest combat power of the younger generation of the Holy Region!

One was the Yao family’s Holy Son who had Immortal Emperor’s bloodline, and the other was the famous chaotic body!

No one dared to jump to a conclusion as to who, between the two, would win or lose.

“This fighting word formula is indeed terrifying. D*mn it! I must think of a way to get it,” Holy Son Jiang thought to himself.

“Not bad, interesting,” Yao Xi said coldly as a hint of viciousness flashed across his face. “Let me see if you can still resist my next move!”

As soon as Yao Xi finished speaking, an intense light burst out from his body. He put his palms together, and an incredibly powerful internal qi emitted from his body. That internal qi soared into the clouds as if it wanted to shatter the highest level of heaven.

On his body, there were segments of shadows continuously merging. For a moment, an Immortal Emperor had as if resurrected from his body. A terrifying pressure swept over non-stop and shattered the void!

“Emperor Shadow Technique… the Yao family’s techniques are truly terrifying. Even I might not be his match,” Holy Son Jiang thought to himself.

A hint of shock flashed across Sanintess Gu’s face too. She slightly opened her mouth as if she was trying to hide the surprise in her heart.

“D*mn, this Yao Xi is indeed not simple.” Jue Wu was also shocked by this pressure. She had always been stubborn, but at this moment, she had to admit that Yao Xi was terrifying.

Qin Yu’s body was slightly trembling. Under this terrifying pressure, Wu Ji’s divine robe on his body automatically activated, trying its best to deal with the pressure.

Qin Yu once again circulated all the true energy in his body, and the golden light on his body once again shone brightly, forming a sharp contrast with Yao Xi’s dark light.

He clenched his fist again and gathered all his strength into this punch. Then he suddenly rushed toward Yao Xi.

His speed was tremendously fast. In the blink of an eye, he had already arrived in front of Yao Xi. Bringing along an incredibly powerful force, his fist ruthlessly smashed toward Yao Xi.

At the same time, Yao Xi’s figure instantly erupted with a powerful internal qi. He did not choose to dodge but to take Qin Yu’s punch head-on!

In an instant, black shadows continuously let out from his body and gathered on his arms. At this moment, Yao Xi seemed to have borrowed the power of an Immortal Emperor!

The collision of the two instantly caused heaven and earth to collapse. Even the few elders supporting Mount Phoenix were ashen and trembled non-stop as if they had reached their limits!

The two powerful forces collided in the air, and an intense light instantly erupted, almost lit up the entire space. Everyone was stunned by this intense light.

After that, there was a loud boom, and the entire space shook. Countless spatial rifts formed in the air as if they were going to tear the entire space apart.

Everyone looked at this scene in shock. They did not expect Qin Yu’s strength to be so powerful that he could resist an existence like Yao Xi.

They all knew that Qin Yu had powerful strength, but they did not expect it to have reached such an extent. He even had a might that surpassed all of them.

However, in the end, Qin Yu failed to resist this terrifying power. The Emperor Shadow Technique was simply too horrifying. Qin Yu’s body was like a kite with a broken string that directly flew out, shattering countless pieces of gravel and leaving behind marks in the void!

If not for the protection of Wu Ji’s divine robe, Qin Yu would probably have been smashed, reduced to ashes, and scattered to the winds!

“Emperor Shadow Technique…” Qin Yu murmured. He raised his palm and activated the Star Seal, ruthlessly suppressing Yao Xi.

A light that was like a planet condensed continuously and pressed down on Yao Xi.

However, Yao Xi, supported by Emperor Shadow Technique, was not afraid at all. He raised his large hand and directly split the Star Seal into two!

Qin Yu did not dare to waste even a moment’s breath. Following his angry roar, he once again shot toward Yao Xi!

He clenched his golden fist and continuously smashed it at Yao Xi. Meanwhile, Yao Xi did not dodge and chose to meet it head-on.

For a moment, the void rumbled continuously, and large pieces of the void were shattered. If not for the elders supporting Mount Phoenix, the entire space would have been destroyed!

Watching the battle between the two, the shock in everyone’s eyes could not be concealed. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Everyone held their breaths, not even dared to blink.

In the blink of an eye, the two had collided hundreds of times. The terrifying fast speed left only traces of light in the void, and it was almost impossible to see the two!

Qin Yu’s fist contained the power that could crush everything. Golden light and darkness intertwined in the air like a strange painting scroll. The golden light at times covered the darkness, and the darkness at times spread to the golden light. A loud sound was echoing in the air, and every collision was as shocking as thunder.

Under the impact of these two powerful forces, the sky began to distort. Cracks even appeared as if it was about to be torn apart. Powerful air currents raged in the air forming vortexes that devoured everything around them.