Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

2139 The Chosen One

Not far away, Dean Lei brought many Thunder Courtyard disciples to where the Path of Heaven descended.

Qin Yu was instantly overjoyed in his heart. With Dean Lei around, these people would probably have to think twice!

Of course, Qin Yu did not rush to look for Dean Lei. After all, the most important thing for Qin Yu right now was to escape with Yan Ruoxue as soon as possible.

Suddenly, there came a series of loud noises from outside. Then a vision appeared in the sky.

“Someone has stepped into the True Saint Realm.” Soon, someone saw the background of this vision.

In the vicinity of where the Path of Heaven descended, someone had indeed taken the opportunity to break through to the True Saint Realm! This matter immediately aroused the fighting spirit of the others. They all calmed down and tried to comprehend the True Saint cultivation realm.

Not only did the appearance of such a vision not make the crowd panic, but it also tremendously excited them as if they had seen a greater possibility.

The scene seemed to have fallen into a short silence. No one wanted to miss this opportunity and began to cross their legs to comprehend the dao.

Qin Yu knew that he could not take Yan Ruoxue away by force. Therefore, he also sat down cross-legged and began to comprehend the dao.

As time continued to pass, the dao technique in the void became increasingly vigorous. The light that lit up from time to time in the sky seemed to indicate the Path of Heaven was about to descend.

At the place where the Path of Heaven descended, it was impossible to even distinguish between day and night. However, a long time had passed, and the heavenly selection seemed about to begin.

Many young masters of the aristocratic families began to gather together. Si Shiyue, Yao Xi, Saintess Gu, and others all sat on the top of the mountain. The place seemed to be the closest to the Path of Heaven as if this would increase the chances of being chosen by the Path of Heaven.

Qin Yu did not join those young masters. They chose to comprehend the Path of Heaven quietly at the side. Even though they were uncertain about their future, they had chosen to face it firmly instead of blindly pursuing hope that might not exist.

However, just as everyone was focused on comprehending, suddenly, a dazzling light lit up in the vast sky. That light seemed to have cut through the sky and directly shone on the mountain peak.

Everyone opened their eyes and looked at the light. The light became increasingly brighter and bigger as if it was going to envelop the entire mountain peak.

“The heavenly selection has begun!” someone exclaimed.

There seemed to be boundless mysteries hidden in that light, making it impossible for people to gaze directly at it. That was the power of the Path of Heaven, a power that humans could not resist or understand.

Everyone held their breath and stared at the light. They all knew that this might be the most crucial moment in their lives, which might decide their future destiny.

“It has finally begun.” The Holy Lords of the various great aristocratic families narrowed their eyes. They looked up, gazing at this extraordinary scene, their hearts faintly filled with anticipation.

Every aristocratic family hoped that the one chosen by heaven would be from their families. This way, it meant there would be a great cultivator at the Tribulation Stage in the family in the future! At the very least, this could ensure the aristocratic family did not fall for ten thousand years!

Many young people were looking forward to it as if they were expecting a miracle.

“The chosen one… I wonder if it’s Your Highness,” an elderly man whispered from an inconspicuous spot not far away.

The fact that Great Xia controlled the spirit coins was evident that it was linked to the Path of Heaven inextricably. Therefore, they were full of anticipation.

The light in the sky flickered for a short while before it seemed to have frozen in place. It seemed to have condensed into a material form like a golden path that descended from the sky to the ground. The light was incredibly dazzling but not blinding. It was like warm sunlight.

Within that light, countless rainbow-like halos reflected. They were like a seven-colored bridge in the sky that spanned between heavens and earth, the symbol of the heavenly chosen and the only way for cultivators to step onto the Path of Heaven to enter the Tribulation Stage.

Under everyone’s gaze, the bright light gradually moved downward as if a divine light descended from the sky. It slowly descended on the crowd on the mountain peak.

People held their breaths and stared at this scene, afraid to miss any minute changes.

The young men sitting on the mountain peak were even more nervous. Their faces turned pale, and their hearts were about to jump out of their chests.

It was because they knew that this moment could change their lives.

As the light moved down, it suddenly accelerated. Like a golden bolt of lightning, it instantly landed on a person at the mountain peak.

People could only see where the light landed but not the chosen one, as the light had completely surrounded that person as if he was isolated from the outside world.

Everyone could only watch as the figure of that person gradually became blurry and finally disappeared into the light.

Following that, the light became increasingly brighter until it was like a small sun that illuminated the entire mountain peak!

At this moment, whether it was the audience at the foot of the mountain or the participants at the top of the mountain, everyone’s gaze was focused on that ray of light. They knew that this was the heavenly selection, the only chance for cultivators to be chosen by the Path of Heaven.

The so-called chosen one would definitely have a smooth journey in the future!

On the mountain peak not far away, the faces of Yao Xi and the others darkened.

The light did not fall on them, which meant they had lost the chance to be chosen by the heavens.

“Sigh!” Yao Xi seemed a little unwilling and could not help but sigh.

Si Shiyue, on the other hand, looked calm. After a while, he snorted and returned to the aristocratic family.

“I wonder who the chosen one is,” Saintess Gu said softly.

She looked much calmer as if she had never thought she would be the chosen one.

At this moment, Qin Yu’s eyes narrowed slightly. He looked at the mountain peak where Saintess Gu and the others were as if he was speculating about something.

“He really isn’t here,” Qin Yu said in a low voice after taking a glance.

Qin Yu seemed to already have an answer in his heart as to who the chosen one was.

Then, he took the opportunity to walk discreetly toward Yan Ruoxue.

Yan Ruoxue was the same. She sensed the absence. At this moment, Yan Tianshi was completely focused on the light and did not notice Yan Ruoxue at all.

At this moment, the light gradually dimmed, and everyone’s thoughts became even more anxious!

The scene was instantly silent. Everyone had different feelings in their hearts, and their eyes were even filled with nervousness. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

They knew this matter had nothing to do with them, but they still could not hide the curiosity in their hearts.