Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2294 The Great Battle Begins

"What faction?"

"The eighth level is upstream of the bone cultivation water. Regardless of the strength of the bone cultivation water or the rules of Path of Heaven, they are much stronger than the seventh level. Almost all the strongest experts in this galaxy gather there."

Mei Li said with a frown. She had been cultivating on the seventh level, not because she did not want to go to the eighth level.

It was because the positions on the eighth level had already been allocated. She dared not rashly enter and offend others even if her strength was not bad.

In purgatory, being injured could mean death.

"Thanks."

Qin Yu nodded and then walked toward the eighth level. He had to go to the eighth level.

"Even if you manage to secure a position, how are you going to comprehend the Path of Heaven if people keep disturbing you while you cultivate?"

The corner of Mei Li's mouth curled into a strange smile. This kid's temper was indeed bad. It very much resembled her a thousand years ago.

"Do you mean to form a team with me?"

Qin Yu frowned. It would be a problem if the situation were as Mei Li had said.

"Qin Yu, let me ask you. What's your plan after the Great Dao descends? I want to know why you're working so hard."

"I must return to the Holy Region, even if it means losing my life."

Qin Yu was silent for a moment before saying softly.

"Alright, I can help protect you for free. However, I have a condition. You must bring me along when you return to the Holy Region."

Mei Li suddenly chuckled and said.

"Do you really believe I can return to the Holy Region?" Qin Yu smiled and said.

"No, but I can feel your determination. Your strength can support your determination."

Mei Li shook her head.

"Let's make a bet then. After all, there's nothing to lose. However, you'll have to seize the position on your own. I won't intervene in this process."

Qin Yu nodded. Mei Li's strength was also top-notch. It would be a waste not to have a free bodyguard.

In the Ghost Mansion, he defeated Mei Li with all his might.

The two stepped into the eighth level of purgatory. Instantly, seven or eight powerful divine senses locked onto him.

Demonic qi raged here, and thick clouds rolled in the sky.

From time to time, deafening thunder would pass through the clouds. The sky seemed very low and could be touched by using hands.

On the ground, countless mountains towered above the clouds.

Each mountain peak emitted a powerful internal qi.

Xi Menn, Chang Ye, Situ Haoyue, Gu Ming, and four other powerful rogue cultivators concealed their internal qi, but their strength was not weaker than Gu Ming.

And on the massive mountain peak in the middle, a sword intent pierced through the clouds, with familiar Great Dao swirling around it.

"It's the position of the evil exterminator."

Qin Yu immediately felt a familiar internal qi. This should be the position where the evil extermination often meditated. Under the intimidation of absolute strength, no one dared to touch this highest position.

"He's here."

An indifferent voice reverberated through the air and reached where Qin Yu was.

A white-haired elderly man slowly appeared before Qin Yu as if he had long known that Qin Yu would come here.

"Situ Haoyue, you came out just in time. I was just about to ask you to get lost. Now I don't have to waste my energy calling you."

Qin Yu said with a faint smile.

"You're so arrogant, Qin Yu. If it weren't for Mr. Situ's soul injury caused by the masked woman's demonic technique in Mystic Realm, do you think you could defeat Mr. Situ?"

Gu Ming's figure also appeared beside him.

"What? The dignified sect master of the Blood Sect has become Situ Haoyue's lapdog! This's really promising." Qin Yu glanced at him.

"Haha, what a sharp tongue! Today, not only will you hand over the masked woman's coffin, but you will also leave behind Suo Lin's divine artifact," Situ Haoyue smiled coldly and said.

As if they had received Situ Haoyue's order, nearly 70 to 80 cultivators entered this space in a short time.

"The items obtained from the Netherworld Mystic Realm were exchanged with the blood of the entire purgatory. Have you asked everyone for permission before you monopolize them?"

Situ Haoyue said coldly.

"Qin Yu, my friend. I nearly lost all my family members in the Ghost Mansion Secret Realm this time. You should let everyone comprehend this supreme treasure."

"If my friend is so selfish, don't blame us for joining forces to kill you."

"Today, you must give me an answer. I hope my friend won't comprehend it yourself. You won't suffer any losses if we comprehend it together."

"Yeah, maybe we can solve the mystery of this coffin together. At that time, everyone will advance."

A group of cultivators surrounded Qin Yu.

The corners of Situ Haoyue's mouth curled up into a cold smile. Even if so many people were not Qin Yu's match, it was enough to consume his enormous spiritual energy.

"Situ, you old dog, aren't you tired of using this trick again? I'll leave it at that today. Those who possess the treasures shall rightfully own them. If you obtain treasures, who will willingly share them with everyone else?"

Qin Yu smiled coldly and said.

If the coffin really contained the masked woman's Qi of Great Dao from her previous eight lifetimes, the comprehension each time would consume a portion of the Qi of Path of Heaven. Taking it out would be an idiot's dream.

"As for you guys, if you want to come out and die for that old dog Situ's advantage, I, Qin Yu, will accompany you at any time."

Golden internal qi was flowing in Qin Yu's body. Numerous streams of magma slowly flowed out from underground and beneath his feet.

A violent internal qi spread out from his body, and wherever his gaze swept, no one dared to meet his eyes.

"Mr. Situ, how about you take the lead?"

A cultivator asked cautiously.

Cultivators who could survive were not fools. Everyone understood the principle of shooting the bird that stuck out.

Situ Haoyue glanced at Gu Ming, and Gu Ming understood what he meant.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

A fierce look flashed across his face, and the spiritual energy in his body began to condense.

After living for so many years, Zong Yue was his greatest motivation.

Zong Yue had died in the Mystic realm. He had always regarded Qin Yu as the murderer, and this time, he was going to take revenge for his son.

At this moment, Mei Li also sensed something wrong. She quietly stood to the side.

She had only agreed to protect Qin Yu to comprehend the Path of Heaven. However, she was unwilling to get involved in such a great battle.

"Boom!"

In an instant, Gu Ming's internal qi rose to the extreme. He was a cultivator who had lived in purgatory for a very long time.

His body's spiritual energy was tremendously dense, and his strength had already reached the middle stage of ninth grade.

The attack that contained spiritual power had already surpassed the white ape.

"Boom!"

Their arms collided violently without the slightest technique.

In the blink of an eye, the two had exchanged punches and kicks over a hundred times.

There were no techniques, just a clash of pure strength.

"Boom!"

The collision of ninth-grade powers caused violent spiritual energy to wreak havoc. The rolling thick clouds in the sky were pushed away by the internal qi.

Qin Yu floated in the air. Golden light circulated his body, and his internal qi did not decrease in the slightest.

On the other hand, one of Gu Ming's arms had been shattered by the hundred punches.

His body was covered in wounds and blood.

"What a terrifying body."

Gu Ming gasped.

After experiencing the baptism of the hottest lava in the Fire Unicorn Continent, the refinement of the bone cultivation water, and the heaven-defying cultivation method, Saintly Body Technique, his physical body had already reached an incredible stage.