Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2314 The Mountain Peak Was Occupied

His current power of divine sense, coupled with the Spiritualization Technique, far surpassed the ninth-grade True Saint.

Qin Yu could feel that even if he did not use the Suo Lin Divine Artifact, he could rely on this terrifying power of divine sense to kill Situ Haoyue.

“Thanks,”

Qin Yu stood up and walked toward the Xi Menn.

Ximen shook his head and did not say anything. However, his eyes were filled with the battle intent to challenge Qin Yu.

“Big brother, don’t look at me like that. Let’s leave first.”

Qin Yu was shocked. Why did this guy look like a battle maniac?

Qin Yu suddenly thought of something. He put all the remaining Sumeru qi into the Sumeru ring.

“I’m going back to the eighth level of purgatory. What do you plan to do, Xi Menn?”

Qin Yu hesitated for a while before deciding to return to the eighth level of purgatory first.

He had gained too much from entering the ninth level this time. He needed a long time to digest these things.

“I’ve gained some insights, thus want to continue staying here.”

Xi Mend said softly.

Qin Yu was a little hesitant. The living beings in the ninth level were too weird. He was worried if Xi Menn could handle them.

“Don’t worry. I’m only at the outermost layer.”

Xi Menn shook his head and turned to leave.

“Alright, be careful. I’ll be back.”

Qin Yu said to Xi Menn.

There were simply too many secrets hidden in this ancient battlefield, and he and Xi Menn had only seen a corner of it.

Qin Yu vaguely felt he would have to enter this battlefield again if he wanted to enhance his strength.

In the depths of purgatory, the three watched as the two gradually walked away. They seemed not recovered from their shock.

Upon return to the eighth level.

After experiencing such a terrifying path of purgatory, Qin Yu looked at the sky of the eighth level again.

He seemed to have smelled the fragrance and felt he had been reborn.

The eighth level of purgatory did not have the dense mist that was unable to disperse like the ninth level. He seemed to be able to feel the dewdrops falling from the green leaves and even the gentle swaying of the flowers in response to the breeze. He could perceive all with remarkable clarity.

“Father, Ruoxue.”

Qin Yu clenched his fists. “I won’t let you down. This is the path I chose!”

After experiencing this calamity again, Qin Yu felt that no matter what he faced, he would not withdraw in the slightest.

He arrived at the mountain peak where Situ Haoyue was.

Qin Yu frowned the moment he arrived. On the mountain that should have belonged to him…

Five rogue cultivators were drinking on the mountaintop. He stepped forward and arrived before them.

“Who are you? Where is Mei Li?”

“Are you talking about that chick? This little girl is blind. We, five brothers, came here to cultivate, and she actually dared to stop us. I would have kept her to have babies if she had not run away fast enough.”

A drunk cultivator laughed loudly.

The others also laughed crazily.

“Big Brother, he seems to be that fourth-grade True Saint, Qin Yu.”

Suddenly, the expression of one of the cultivators changed drastically. He quietly said to the burly man in the lead.

“Ugh, just a pretty boy. I thought there was something special about him.”

The burly man laughed loudly.

Then he casually grabbed Qin Yu’s head, and a ball of dense air exploded in his hand.

He then merged into space and grabbed Qin Yu.

“Try my Dragon Capture Pose. It can even capture a soul. Don’t even think about using your Suo Lin Divine Artifact.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The burly man seemed to be laughing out loud, but he was tremendously ruthless in reality. He attacked with all his might, wanting to kill Qin Yu.

“Spiritualization Technique.”

A giant arm suddenly appeared in the air, and a terrifying power of divine sense surged out.

The giant hand punched out, and the dense air directly shattered.

The punch then landed on the burly man’s body with undiminished momentum.

In an instant, countless precious lights rose from the burly man. However, they were completely unable to match the massive force. The fist smashed onto the mountain peak almost without any obstruction. The massive force caused the mountain peak to tremble.

His physical body, divine sense, and many treasures were all blasted into nothingness with a single punch.

“Hiss!”

The surrounding onlookers gasped. These five people were famous veteran rogue cultivators in this galaxy. They were the five Feng Wu brothers. The eldest brother’s strength had long surpassed that of an ordinary ninth-grade True Saint.

The other four were not weak either.

Therefore, no one dared to take action after they occupied the mountain peak. They did not expect Qin Yu to deliver a punch that directly shattered him.

“What method did you use to kill my eldest brother?”

Seeing that their eldest brother had been killed with a single punch, the remaining four revealed crazed killing intent on their faces.

They joined forces and attacked Qin Yu together. Instantly, precious lights shone from the mountaintop, and a burst of energy erupted.

The giant palm formed by the Spiritualization Technique swept across.

The moment the giant palm swept across, a huge tornado was brought up on the spot, and even the clouds and mist in the sky were blown away.

In an instant, the treasures that the four of them took out were completely unable to resist that palm.

The terrifying force turned them into a pile of meat paste almost instantly.

Qin Yu sat on the peak with an indifferent expression. His gaze was cast into the mountain where Xi Menn was. His cold voice fell into the divine sense of a small group of cultivators on the mountain.

“Get lost.”

Immediately, the expressions of several cultivators on the peak changed drastically. They turned around and left.

What a joke. Who would dare to go against someone who could kill a ninth-grade True Saint and four other eighth-grade and seventh-grade cultivators in an instant?

“Did you notice just now that the power of Qin Yu’s palm has already far exceeded that of a ninth-grade True Saint? Even that sneak-attacking Feng Wu was instantly killed by him?”

“He wasn’t this strong when he fought Situ Haoyue, right?”

“What happened in the past month? Could it be that he hid his strength previously?”

Many powerful cultivators were cultivating at the foot of the mountain. They were instantly shocked when they saw that the battle ended so quickly.

“Qin Yu, your strength has become so much stronger?”

When Mei Li met the five brothers, she was reluctant to fight them head-on.

After that, she chose to cultivate nearby. At this moment, she also saw this battle and could not hide the shock on her face.

“I was lucky enough to have a breakthrough.”

Qin Yu nodded and thought to himself, “If you know the process I went through to become stronger, no one would be willing to go through such a terrifying process.”

Even now, when Qin Yu thought about it, his soul trembled violently.

He sighed with emotion. Those Mighty Realm powerhouses, even if they were heaven-defying geniuses, would probably have to suffer heaven-defying tempering to transcend the tribulation or even become an Immortal Emperor.

No wonder the path of cultivation was said to be a path of no return. Now, Qin Yu had a deeper understanding of it.

“With your current strength, there are probably less than ten people in purgatory who can fight you.”

Mei Li exclaimed, unable to conceal the shock on her face.

She felt a little regretful that she did not enter the ninth level with Qin Yu. She did not know what kind of opportunity she had missed.