Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2326 The Bead of Chaos

It might have erupted uncontrollably if it weren’t for his powerful soul tightly controlling the chaotic qi.

As for the compression of his body, even with his current body, he could not withstand the explosion of the chaotic qi.

Qin Yu furrowed his brows, deep in thought. He held a fist-sized life spiritual essence in her hand.

Traceless Immortal Scripture!

“Boom!”

Qin Yu spat out a mouthful of blood, but the abundant vital energy soon healed his injuries.

“No way.”

Qin Yu shook his head with a bitter smile. The compression of spiritual energy was completely different from the compression of divine sense.

The spiritual energy constantly moved around in the limbs and bones, finally entering the dantian to form a massive cycle.

During the process, spiritual energy was constantly emitted to nourish the internal organs and muscles.

After the compression just now, his meridians exploded.

The massive spiritual energy completely rushed out of his meridians and entered his body. Finally, it emitted from his pores.

Without the container, it could not be compressed.

If only the Suo Lin Divine Artifact could protect his meridians. Qin Yu sighed. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Wu Ji’s divine robe in Suo Lin Divine Artifact and the Venerable Fifth Mountain were top-grade defensive magical artifacts.

“Hmm?”

Suddenly, Qin Yu had an idea.

His divine sense directly looked into his meridians and covered them with the Spiritualization Technique.

After that, he used the Meridian Circulation Technique, and two streams of chaotic qi instantly collided.

It was as if he was in the sky without any techniques to resist. In an instant, his divine sense turned into ashes.

The Crystal of Life in his hand transformed into a stream of pure vital energy that healed Qin Yu’s injuries.

No, the chaotic qi turned into a massive explosion when it struck. Even the Spiritualization Technique could not withstand it.

“Qin Yu, what are you doing?”

Looking at Qin Yu, constantly injured, Mei Li did not know what cultivation technique he was cultivating.

“I want to compress the chaotic qi in my body. Do you have any suggestions?”

“You’re indeed crazy. I don’t know the nature of the chaotic qi, but when spiritual energy collides, it will cause a terrifying explosion. It’s something the body can’t withstand at all, even the demon race.”

Mei Li shook her head. “However, when my blood river is being refined, it will slowly fuse the river water and compress it until it reaches its limit. However, this is the way of refining treasures.”

Qin Yu’s eyes lit up. This was also a method that he could try.

When he was on Earth, he also used his body as a weapon to temper himself.

Just do it!

Qin Yu immediately circulated the Traceless Immortal Scripture at a tremendous slow speed.

When chaotic qi filled his meridians, he slowly absorbed the converted chaotic qi into his body at an even slower speed.

His meridians slowly bulged like a stomach that had been stuffed to the limit.

The Crystal of Life in Qin Yu’s hand transformed into streams of vital energy and seeped into his meridians, repairing his torn injuries.

“Spiritualization Technique.”

Qin Yu instantly wrapped up all his meridians.

Once again, he slowly absorbed a portion of the chaotic qi.

He did not know how much time had passed. All the meridians in his body seemed to have become fatter.

Countless cracks appeared in his meridians at this moment, and intense pain spread to his mind.

However, the pain in the physical body was much lighter than in the soul, so Qin Yu could still accept it.

His body was bleeding profusely at this moment. There were injuries of varying degrees despite his meridians being wrapped by the Spiritualization Technique.

The Crystal of Life in his hand again released vital energy, healing his injuries.

“No.”

There might be a trace of fusion, but it was nearly negligible.

His entire meridians would eventually explode if he continued absorbing it like this forcefully.

He could not protect all the meridians in his body despite the formidable power of the soul.

Qin Yu suddenly had a crazy idea. However, his physical body would probably explode if he were not careful, and his soul might not be able to escape.

He took a deep breath. In any case, he would definitely die if he went in like this.

He might as well take a gamble and see if his idea worked.

The Way of Deduction was like a scale. His strength was the chip, and the result was the other side of the scale.

To maintain equilibrium, he needed approximately the same amount of chips, even if it was as light as a feather.

He had sensed too many unfavorable internal qi from the outcomes of the deduction, which meant it was extremely dangerous for him, in the current state, to enter.

Thinking of this, Qin Yu no longer hesitated.

He slowly absorbed the internal qi in the void again and converted it into chaotic qi before it entered his body.

When he reached his limit, he took out the Crystal of Life.

He then took a big bite, holding it in his mouth.

“What are you doing?” Mei Li and Jue Wu were shocked by his appearance.

“Stay far away from me.”

Qin Yu absorbed all the divine sense spirit beads into his body and protected his dantian with the Spiritualization Technique.

His gaze turned ruthless. If it did not work, he would just destroy it directly, leaving no way out for himself.

Then, under his control, the Traceless Immortal Scripture started to circulate at full speed.

“Crack!”

He suddenly took a bite of the Crystal of Life in his mouth.

Under the terrifying suction force, the violent spiritual energy in the world directly turned into a tornado and blasted onto Qin Yu’s body.

The chaotic qi in his veins also rushed to his dantian at full speed. At this moment, his dantian already had a vast amount of chaotic qi.

A vast amount of vital energy rushed into his body and flushed over his dantian at an extreme speed.

His dantian instantly emitted intense white light. That scorching white light even allowed Mei Li and Jue Wu to see Qin Yu’s internal organs and bones.

“Boom!”

The mountain peak where Qin Yu was suddenly collapsed.

A pit several thousands of meters deep was revealed, and a bloody mist burst out of his body.

The Crystal of Life in his hand seemed to have sensed danger, and the extreme green light entered his body like water.

It healed the injuries in Qin Yu’s body at a crazy speed, and Qin Yu’s divine sense also shook violently.

This terrifying explosion destroyed nearly 70% of his soul power, and the divine sense spirit bead in his sea of consciousness also became dim and dull.

“Qin Yu, are you alright?”

Jue Wu’s hands were trembling, and her face was ashen. She could barely sit.

“I’m fine.”

Qin Yu’s face was ashen but full of excitement.

At this moment, a fist-sized gray bead had already taken shape in his dantian!

The extreme power it contained within was something that even Qin Yu could not sense.

It was the chaotic qi as utmost as the divine sense spirit bead!