Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2328 The Demonic Egg Born into the World

Countless dark thunderbolts in the sky struck the palace of the demonic qi, but they did not reduce the internal qi of that demonic energy in the slightest.

Instead, as time passed, the demonic qi rose rapidly.

The entire purgatory was filled with surging demonic qi, and many cultivators were directly suppressed by that overwhelming demonic qi.

While the spiritual energy circulated, it seemed to have been suppressed.

On the contrary, the demon races at the eighth level were howling crazily as if they had eaten a tonic.

These demon races were originally suppressed, hiding in the dark and swampy fringes.

At this moment, some demon races were actually launching sneak attacks on humans.

In an instant, a scent of blood filled the space in the eighth level of purgatory.

“What a terrifying demonic qi! This fluctuation is far exceeding the power of a ninth-grade True Saint. Even the power of the battle in the Ghost Mansion Mystic Realm back then was about the same!”

Mei Li’s face was full of shock. She looked at Qin Yu and wanted to ask what this demonic egg was.

“The answer will be revealed soon.”

Qin Yu shook his head, his expression solemn.

He and Jue Wu obtained this demonic egg through stone betting, but the masked woman valued it so much.

She had even helped them several times because of this demonic egg. However, he still did not know what would be born from this demonic egg.

Could it be a monster realm sacred beast? Wasn’t it too terrifying to have such fluctuations before coming out?

As his thoughts shifted, the demonic qi palace slowly disappeared.

“Crack!”

With a crisp sound, the demonic egg finally shattered.

The moment the green light suddenly bloomed from the middle, it was so bright that no one could look straight at it.

Before the bright light, everyone felt their bodies turn transparent and could even see their beating hearts.

When the light dissipated, Qin Yu finally could see what was inside the demonic egg.

With a wave of her hand, a blood-red robe enveloped her incredibly graceful figure.

She stretched out her slender palm and slowly broke a hole in the void.

A mask was gently delivered to her hand by the air of the void. She took it and slowly put it on.

And that indifferent countenance emanated a royal aura that was impossible to look directly at.

“How is that possible?”

Qin Yu was tremendously shocked.

This woman was clearly the masked woman!

This demonic egg was the masked woman! How could it be? Who was Xiao Yu in Solitary Cloud City?

Why did he and Jue Wu coincidentally encounter this demonic egg when betting stones on the spur of the moment?

Even though Qin Yu had condensed the divine sense spirit bead, he still could not figure out the source of this.

At this moment, the entire eighth level of purgatory was deathly silent. Some people here had been to the Ghost Mansion Mystic Realm before.

Qin Yu stared fixedly at Jue Wu. At this moment, Jue Wu’s body emitted a suffocating internal qi.

She seemed to have benefited from the demonic egg, but her vitality was tremendously poor, like a candle in the wind that could be extinguished at any time.

The masked woman stretched out her hand slightly as if summoning something.

A moment later, a woman appeared before her.

Xiao Yu!

No one even saw clearly how Xiao Yu had come over.

The masked woman held Xiao Yu’s hand, and Xiao Yu looked confused.

Her body slowly turned transparent, and countless light spots floated up from her body like fireflies, entering the masked woman’s body.

“What are you doing? Stop!”

The Bead of Chaos at Qin Yu’s dantian cooled down, and a stream of vital energy flowed from the dantian to his arms.

Then he threw a punch.

Where the punch reached, regardless of the air in the air or the surging demonic qi…

It was instantly washed away and landed fiercely on the masked woman’s body.

The masked woman did not move at all, allowing the punch to land on her body.

Jue Wu, behind Qin Yu, let out a muffled groan. A blood mist splashed directly onto Qin Yu’s back.

What was that?

Qin Yu’s eyes were about to pop out as he grabbed Jue Wu.

Jue Wu’s body was torn apart at this moment, and her internal organs shattered.

The power of the curse coursed through her entire body. The power that Qin Yu used to attack the masked woman earlier was transferred to Jue Wu.

Qin Yu’s hands trembled. The medicinal qi in the Sumeru ring surged into Jue Wu’s body crazily, keeping a trace of her internal qi.

At this moment, Xiao Yu’s body had disappeared entirely.

After entering the masked woman’s body, she turned around and stared at Qin Yu expressionlessly.

“You indeed did not die, the masked woman of nine lifetimes!”

A clear voice suddenly sounded. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The blue-robed evil exterminator suddenly appeared. Beside him were Uncle Ling and Ling Yurou, who had disappeared for a long time.

Sensing this terrifying fluctuation of ghostly qi, the evil exterminator, who had not shown up for a long time, finally appeared again.

“I don’t know what you’re planning, but I’ll kill you today.”

The evil exterminator looked up at the sky as if waiting for something.

As for the masked woman, it was as if she did not see the evil exterminator. Her body was immersed in the void and slowly disappeared.

When the power of the Path of Heaven was at its peak, four streams of the power of the Path of Heaven suddenly landed on his body.

Four paths merging into one!

Qin Yu looked shocked. A brand new qi of the Path of Heaven formed on his body. At this moment, the evil exterminator seemed to have become the Son of the Path of Heaven.

He had actually comprehended the masked woman’s fusion method of the Path of Heaven during this time.

Previously, the evil exterminator had comprehended four Great Success dao techniques, but this time, he had fused four dao techniques!

That explained why no one had seen this person for so long. He actually applied the masked woman’s cultivation technique to his own technique.

Qin Yu instantly felt this person extremely terrifying.

“Evil Extermination, the masked woman took my friend’s life. My friend will die if you attack her now!”

Qin Yu said anxiously.

His attack just now had almost sent Jue Wu to a dead end.

If he were to do it again, Jue Wu would have no chance of survival.

“Even if there are ten of your friends, what does it have to do with me?”

His body moved, and the evil exterminator slowly pushed out his sword.

In an instant, the Path of Heaven froze.

Almost all the cultivators felt their souls were as if facing a god. They could not help but lower their heads.

Almost everyone could not move at all under the power of the Path of Heaven.

The sword was covered with a brand new qi of the Path of Heaven, and the space before the sword shattered entirely.

Carrying the qi of the Path of Heaven, the Evil Extermination Sword was like wanting to move the entire galaxy.

At this moment, the void qi had condensed entirely. Even the masked woman could not continue to shuttle through the void.

That sword was extremely slow, but it was like the wheel of the Path of Heaven that crushed over. Wherever it passed, there was no sign of vitality.

“No, Jue Wu will die if you attack her with this sword!”

Qin Yu’s eyes were bloodshot. He broke free from the power of the Path of Heaven that enveloped his body.

“Mantis Stopping a Chariot !”

The evil exterminator glanced at Qin Yu indifferently.

Qin Yu’s Bead of Chaos suddenly lit up. The chaotic qi that flowed out was the vital energy that Qin Yu had compressed to the extreme previously.

And then, that vital energy suddenly plunged into Suo Lin Divine Artifact, which exuded an incredibly eager internal qi.

This vital energy seemed to have satisfied it for the first time.

“Roar!”

A terrifying unicorn’s roar resounded throughout heaven and earth. In an instant, some people fainted.