Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2329 Stopping Him

A unicorn fierce beast roared excitedly in the huge flaming fist.

Suo Lin was a Peak of Tribulation divine artifact that was previously activated using the power of True Saint.

It was indeed far from reaching Suo Lin’s limit. This time, the elemental energy compressed to the extreme entered the boxing glove and finally triggered its terrifying destructive power.

The moment the scorching fist of flames approached the sword energy, it was affected by the qi of rules.

Like a giant beast sinking into a quagmire, its speed became sluggish.

However, as the flames erupted, the fist slowly smashed into the sword energy.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The space suddenly froze. After the power of the Path of Heaven triggered by the Evil Extermination Sword collided with the Fire Fist, the rules of the Path of Heaven rules contained within it were slightly chaotic.

In that instant, the masked woman had already stepped and disappeared into the void.

“Boom!”

After a few breaths, the clash between the Fire Fist and the sword energy erupted.

The space was filled with the raging aftermath of flames, and the entire purgatory glowed a blazing red.

The temperature in purgatory instantly rose by dozens of degrees. This punch was tremendously terrifying and affected the temperature of the entire heaven and earth.

“How could it be? How could his strength increase by so much?”

“That’s right. Sect Master comprehended that attack just now through his battle with the masked woman. It was the sword energy of four paths merging into one!

Ling Yurou was also in disbelief.

Uncle Ling looked at Qin Yu in shock.

He had thought the evil exterminator’s sword energy would have crushed Qin Yu’s attack and did not expect Qin Yu to have shaken the evil exterminator’s attack.

Qin Yu’s body moved, and he was about to leave with Jue Wu.

“Boom!”

A stream of sword energy slashed down from the sky. That speed was so fast that Qin Yu almost could not react in time.

With a terrifying tremor, Suo Lin’s shield was blasted and shattered.

It grabbed the sword energy descended from the sky.

“Roar!”

Qin Yu shouted. Despite him blocking the sword energy using the Spiritualization Technique, his body was sent flying by the violent sword energy.

He controlled the giant hand and threw it to the side.

And then sent the sword energy flying to his side.

“Boom!”

The sword energy cut off a mountain peak in the eighth level of purgatory.

“Since you let the masked woman escape, you should die for her. Moreover, the people you brought into the Sumeru ring seem to have some binding agreement with the masked woman.”

The evil exterminator moved forward step by step.

“D*mn it!”

Qin Yu was burning with anxiety at this moment. Jue Wu’s death qi had already covered her entire body.

He really did not have the time to drag on here. He gritted his teeth.

Once again, he rushed toward the ninth level of purgatory at full speed.

A massive soul vortex suddenly appeared in front of him. Uncle Ling suddenly appeared above him.

“You’re colluding with the ghost race. You deserve to die!”

He stretched out his hand, and a massive suction force was about to pull Qin Yu’s soul into the vortex and crush it.

“Get lost!”

The Soul Shattering Golden Radiance directly shattered the soul vortex with a sword strike. Uncle Ling stepped back several steps.

An abnormal flush appeared on his face. He seemed injured by the backlash.

Behind him, the evil exterminator slashed out again.

“One sword, one world!”

A sword blocked the sword energy, and in an instant, the sword chant sounded in the entire purgatory.

“Let’s go.”

Xi Menn said softly.

“You may go after I enter the ninth level of purgatory. He dares not do anything reckless in the ninth level!”

Qin Yu did not even bother to thank him. His body flashed and he disappeared from where he was.

At the ninth level of purgatory…

Qin Yu entered, and countless living beings shuttled through the mist.

Qin Yu’s divine sense could now see quite a distance. He took a deep breath and walked toward the center.

Qin Yu felt countless divine senses locking onto him after he went tens of meters into the ninth level.

Qin Yu had raised his defense to the utmost. Even if he had broken through continuously, he dared not procrastinate.

A monk sat at the edge.

The divine light in his hand kept moving the compass in front of him.

“Master, it’s rumored that one will soar into the sky if the Nirvana Body’s curse is removed. If Qin Yu can remove his friend’s curse, wouldn’t we have another great enemy?”

Nangong Qi asked carefully.

“How can it be so easy? How can the Vermillion Bird’s blood essence be so easily obtained? Moreover, there are many ancient mighty realm cultivators here, including the ancestors of the aristocratic families who have grudges against Qin Yu. Moreover, there’s a demonic qi that even Primordial Heavenly Divination fails to deduce. We’ll just observe from here and only attack when the opportunity arises.”

Hua Tian said with a smile, but his eyes flashed. It seemed that it was not as simple as he had said.

In the depths of the mist, several people were staring at Qin Yu who was walking over.

“What’s this kid doing here? He seemed to be heading in the direction of the Vermilion Bird!”

Yan Minglong asked somewhat doubtfully.

“His body seems to have the internal qi of the Nirvana Body. Most likely, he’s here for the curse of the Nirvana Body. He can indeed soar into the sky if he has the essence blood of the Vermillion Bird to help him reborn.”

Gu Baiyi said after looking at it carefully.

“He’s ignorant and doesn’t know his place. To obtain such a thing, he must possess the required strength. Those without strength merely display momentary abilities and waste the cultivation resources of our human race.”

Someone said disdainfully.

“Brother Si Fei, you’ve never seen this kid before, so don’t underestimate him. He was the one who defeated Nightmare with his fourth-grade strength. Even we dare not say that we can defeat this fierce beast. He might be a great help to the human race in the future.”

Jiang Qingyuan looked at Si Fei with a faint smile.

“The only reason he could defeat Nightmare in the fourth grade was because of the help of treasures. Wouldn’t it be a waste for him to have such treasures on him? It would be better for any one of us to have them. They could play a more effective role in the battle.”

Another person continued.

“Brother Si, you’re wrong. Our cultivation realm has stopped here. If I’m not wrong, there will be a great catastrophe. The three races will work together to attack the human race. If the human race doesn’t produce a mighty realm cultivator in the future, I’m afraid that we won’t be able to resolve the crisis.”

Yan Minglong said in a deep voice.

“Brother Yan, you’ve been here for a long time and haven’t seen a Holy Region genius. The Holy Son of our Si family has cultivated for a thousand years and has mastered the Way of Five Elements. When the Golden Great Dao descends, he will combine the five elements into one and break through to the Tribulation Transcending Stage. When the time comes, and he merges with the Yan family’s Heavenly Emperor bloodline, he might be able to break through to the legendary realm.” Si Fei stood there calmly, not taking Qin Yu seriously at all.

“That’s right. The talent of the Holy Sons of many aristocratic families is enough to kill this kid instantly. I’ll definitely kill him if this fellow destroys the layout of this place! However, this fellow seemed going to die.”

Si Fei’s face revealed a trace of killing intent.

“Sigh! He’s really gone in. What a waste!” Jiang Qingyuan revealed a struggling expression as if he wanted to stop Qin Yu. In the end, he gave out dejectedly.

Yan Minglong and Gu Baiyi also had complicated expressions on their faces. They looked at each other and sighed.