Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2332 The Mysterious Person Makes a Move

In the space of barrier!

The Sumeru qi in Qin Yu’s hand surged out crazily.

He could not care less about the ring at this moment. The vast spatial qi in the Sumeru ring instantly surged out.

Countless spatial qi solidified outside his body, and the internal qi of the way wrapped around it.

Instantly, a new world with a radius of ten meters or so formed. It was equivalent to the space in the Sumeru ring that was transferred to the outside world.

Jue Wu also moved out at the same time. He placed Jue Wu on his back.

Qin Yu’s eyes flashed with determination as he used his last strand of chaotic qi.

With the help of the line word formula, his body moved like a streak of light and appeared in front of the Vermilion Bird.

The Sumeru qi continuously vaporized under the terrifyingly high temperature. Qin Yu released all the Sumeru qi from previously.

Its new world melted like ice cream.

However, this speed was already enough to surprise Qin Yu.

It was not without reason that the Sumeru qi was known as a spatial supreme treasure. It could actually block the Vermilion Bird’s attack for an instant.

Qin Yu appeared in front of the Vermilion Bird in a breath.

At this moment, the Sumeru Space had been reduced to only one layer after the burning.

Qin Yu could only wrap his body and take a deep breath.

He moved all the unprecedented qi in front of him.

“Primordial Chaos!”

It was something that Qin Yu had obtained from comprehending the Path of Heaven in the Mystic Realm of purgatory. In addition, the man with the mustache had solved the mystery of the masked woman’s coffin. Therefore, he could evolve a trace of internal qi.

It was the power of the Path of Heaven nine lifetimes ago. At this moment, it was in the world of the Sumeru ring.

This trace of power of the Path of Heaven revealed his original appearance. It was the power of rules nine lifetimes ago.

The suppression of the Path of Heaven was tremendously terrifying, but at this moment, the world of Sumeru formed a world itself.

However, it only suppressed this trace of the power of Primordial Chaos slightly, and its terrifying power of rules instantly erupted.

Outside the barrier, the mist receded.

In the endless darkness of the void, countless ancient beasts seemed to have awakened.

It was like a pack of wolves lurking in the darkness. One could not see them but could feel that internal qi.

The Qi of Primordial Chaos gathered in front of Qin Yu and transformed into a sword.

Countless giant beasts in the void entered the barrier and lurked on the sword.

It then stabbed fiercely at the Vermilion Bird, the flame meeting the Sword of Primordial Chaos.

They were as if encountering their nemesis and retreated slightly toward the two sides.

“Roar!”

The Vermilion Bird shouted coldly, and the flames exploded violently.

Qin Yu’s body suddenly melted. The power of this explosion had already reached the power of tribulation.

This kind of power was no longer something Qin Yu could contend with, and his body was reduced to just a skeleton instantly.

The Sword of Primordial Chaos melted bit by bit, and the last trace of Primordial Chaos Qi stabbed into the Vermilion Bird’s chest.

A drop of blood slowly fell and dripped onto Jue Wu’s body.

This drop of blood essence was like pouring ice water into the boiling oil.

In an instant, Jue Wu’s body was lifted by a force, and countless qi of curses emanated from her body’s surface.

Talismans lit up on her forehead one after another. Then, under the burning of the Vermillion Bird’s blood, they spread out.

As each of these curses was lifted one by one, Jue Wu’s internal qi surged steadily.

Eighth grade, ninth grade, and it even pushed frenziedly toward the peak of the realm.

The Nirvana Body was a holy body that was envied by the heavens.

As the cultivation realm swiftly advanced, her body was also cursed by the Path of Heaven. The lifespan of a Nirvana Body was much shorter than that of a cultivator.

Moreover, it was destined to only reach a certain cultivation realm after coming into contact with this curse.

No one knew what Jue Wu’s future achievements would be like.

The Vermilion Bird revealed a furious expression, and she stepped out barefooted.

The ground erupted in terrifying flames in an instant, and as she took a step forward, countless large rocks floated up behind her.

A terrifying wave of fiery power surged like a tidal wave, carrying the ultimate force of flames, causing those giant rocks to ignite massive flames like meteors.

A terrifying hurricane rose in the sky. The Vermillion Bird’s long hair blew forward, and countless meteors and flames flew past her, smashing toward Qin Yu and Jue Wu.

“Thank you, Qin Yu.”

Jue Wu picked up the skeleton on the ground and spread her arms.

“Boom!”

Countless meteors and flames smashed into her back, but this attack that had already reached the power of tribulation could only cause a wound on Jue Wu’s body.

Under the protection of her spiritual energy, the wound almost recovered immediately.

After enduring this attack, Jue Wu brought Qin Yu along and retreated.

The Vermilion Bird’s red dress turned into a sharp sword and suddenly stabbed into Jue Wu’s retreating path.

Jue Wu revealed a solemn expression. The Vermillion Bird now was not something she could withstand.

She walked toward Jue Wu with a furious expression. Her consecutive attacks were ineffective, which made her extremely angry.

Suddenly, a gust of wind of the Path of Heaven blew past, and the rosy glow in the sky was slowly covered by the mist once again.

As the rosy glow of the Path of Heaven was covered, the Vermillion Bird’s aura directly surpassed that of a True Saint.

When Jue Wu reached the Tribulation Transcending Stage, a destructive internal qi enveloped Jue Wu.

“Time is up.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The young man of the demon race suddenly stood up and stepped forward, appearing in front of the Vermilion Bird.

“Are you willing to submit to me?”

A voice that looked down on the world came out of his mouth, even though his aura was not as vigorous as the Vermilion Bird.

However, at this moment, he did not show any fear. Instead, the corners of his mouth curled up into a smile.

The Vermilion Bird stared at the mysterious demon indifferently. For some reason, she seemed to have sensed a sense of danger from the young man in front of her.

It was the sixth sense of a sacred beast!

A ball of fire condensed to the extreme like a sun formed in front of the Vermilion Bird and then exploded.

With the Vermilion Bird as the center, countless flames surged out like a tidal wave.

It was the Vermilion Bird’s full-powered attack after recovering its strength.

Even Jue Wu, who had already walked extremely far away, was brushed by that wisp of air current.

Her body fell forward uncontrollably, and her entire back was instantly charred black.

She would have been severely injured if not for her super recovery ability.

“What a terrifying sacred beast!”

Even Jue Wu, a lunatic, also revealed fear.

“You’re crushing me. You need to lose weight.”

Qin Yu’s skeleton cried out. Although his body had already been burned and only the skeleton was left, it was fortunate that his divine sense was not severely injured. However, he could not display his combat strength in such a short time and could only rely on Jue Wu.

“Did your f*cking mouth eat sh*t?”

Jue Wu flew into a rage when she heard what Qin Yu had said. She directly smashed Qin Yu’s skull with a punch, and that fist almost pierced through his sea of soul.

“F*ck, it’s my fault.”

Qin Yu immediately behaved and dared not say a word.

At this moment, the young man appeared before the Vermilion Bird, his two fingers emitting a dazzling light.

That radiance even suppressed the year-long eruption of the Vermilion Bird’s fireball.

Then he tapped the Vermilion Bird’s forehead with his fingers.

“Are you willing to submit to me?”