2340 Fallen

“Where do you want to go?” Jue Wu placed a hand on the white-robed scholar’s shoulder.

Jue Wu then waved her hand, and the fire net wrapped around the dark vulture cultivator. In an instant, his skin started burning.

The two of them let out intense and agonizing screams.

“Don’t kill us. Our master is Lu Tong, and he will definitely kill you if you kill us.”

“Lu Tong? The ruthless person who once killed a cultivator who was half-step Tribulation Transcending Stage from the Tribulation Transcendence Realm when he was in the True Saint Realm? He actually accepted two disciples!”

Upon hearing their howls, some cultivators who knew Lu Tong gasped.

“Boom!”

A surge of spiritual energy attacked Qin Yu, but a gray-haired elderly man suddenly made a move.

This internal qi changed in the air, sealing off all directions in which Qin Yu could escape.

A green formation was hiding within the spiritual energy. Qin Yu would probably not have discovered the hidden killing intent within if his divine sense had not reached the heavenly might.

Seeing the situation, Jue Wu let go of the two and whipped the whip fiercely.

She directly dispersed the spiritual energy attacking Qin Yu, and Qin Yu caught the poisonous needle with his two fingers.

The moment he touched it, his two fingers turned pitch-black.

Qin Yu did not know what poison was on it, so he dared not delay and directly cut off the two fingers.

Taking advantage of this moment, the two took out a talisman, crushed it, and teleported away.

“My friend, forgive people whenever you can. Moreover, this Lu Tong is not someone to be trifled with. I’m afraid you can’t live in peace if you kill the two. Now that there’re no grudges between the two sides, let me take the lead to reconcile.”

The gray-haired elderly man revealed a warm smile.

“You guys are really too young. Although you have some strength, you have to know that Lu Tong is one of the fiercest people in purgatory. Basically, the cultivators in purgatory dare not provoke him.”

“Jue Wu, kill this old man. Don’t let him go.” Qin Yu looked at him coldly.

“Alright!”

The fire cloak directly sealed the space, giving the old man no chance to escape. Then Jue Wu hammered her fists, sneered, and approached the old man.

“You two, I’m just trying to resolve your grievances. Why must you kill me?”

“Since you like reconciliation with others so much, you’ll have to pay with your life.”

This old thing was not a good person. When the two attacked them, he was watching the show.

And he dared to say it was for their own good. Qin Yu would have probably sneak attacked by this old dog if he had not seen the poisonous needle in the spiritual energy.

This ninth-grade True Saint was no match at all for Jue Wu who attacked with her full might. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

In no time, she blew up his head, grabbed his soul, and threw it to Qin Yu.

…

“Qin Yu, are you going to continue cultivating?”

Jue Wu looked at Qin Yu.

“After a few days of cultivation, the demonic qi in the bone cultivation water has weakened significantly. I’ll have to come back after a while.”

“Should we head to the ninth level? The demonic qi in the bone cultivation water over there should be much denser and more helpful to you.”

“This won’t do. This bone cultivation water contains a wisp of will. I almost met with a disaster when I cultivated on the eighth level. If I go to the ninth level and the will condenses again, I don’t know if I can deal with it.”

Qin Yu hesitated for a moment and shook his head.

He needed a vast amount of energy now but could not enter blindly.

Moreover, the space of the ninth level of purgatory was so vast, and the strength of many living beings and cultivators cultivating there was a mystery.

It was too dangerous for him to enter in his current state.

Suddenly, a talisman in the ring vibrated.

“Something has happened in Solitary Cloud City. The first batch of people from the Holy Region has arrived in purgatory. Ten days ago, they came to Solitary Cloud City and notified all the sects and aristocratic families to listen to their orders. Eight families have been directly annihilated because they refused to take their orders. Furthermore, many leaders of the sects with abundant resources have been locked up and requested to surrender all their resources.”

As he listened to the message from the talisman, Qin Yu frowned.

“Let’s go back to Solitary Cloud City.”

Qin Yu took out a warship and rushed to Solitary Cloud City with Jue Wu.

Ji Yue had helped him a lot. He had to get her out of the control of the Holy Region.

“Jue Wu, change your appearance first.”

It was the magical artifact he had obtained from killing the three great elders of the Blood Sect and he could use it now.

“Is there a need to go through so much trouble? Just knock them all down.”

Jue Wu pouted, feeling this face a little ugly.

“It’s better to be cautious. Since the Holy Region wants to control purgatory, they definitely have a trump card.”

As soon as the two entered the city gate, they were locked by numerous internal qi.

“Stop, who are you?”

Several people stopped Qin Yu and Jue Wu.

“We’re rogue cultivators from purgatory. We came to gather here after hearing the order,” Qin Yu said.

“Two third-grade True Saint. Not bad. Come and register,” one of them said.

When they passed by a door, a light flashed and a number appeared on the door.

“You have five pieces of spiritual essence on you. Hand them over.”

The person who registered revealed an ecstatic expression.

“I saved this with great effort. What do I do in the future if I give it to you?” Qin Yu looked terrified.

“Don’t worry. When the alien races invade, these things will be distributed fairly. Now that we’re facing a great disaster, how can we be so selfish as the human race?”

The man said righteously.

“Alright, do whatever you say.”

Qin Yu took out the five pieces of spiritual essence. He did not put these five pieces of spiritual essence in the Sumeru ring and were detected by the instrument.

It seemed that the Holy Region had mobilized quite many magical artifacts to plunder them.

Upon entering Solitary Cloud City, the place was densely packed with people, and there was a faint smell of blood in the air.

“It seems that the people of the Holy Region have already plundered this place.”

Qin Yu hurriedly rushed toward the Moon Listening Pavilion. At this moment, it was already fully occupied by the people from aristocratic families.

There were several familiar faces among them. They were the two elders of the Ni family who had blasted Qin Yu into the turbulent space.

“Brother, may I ask about the previous owner of the Moon Listening Pavilion? She still owes me a few spiritual essences.”

Qin Yu pulled a person over. He had seen this person in the central square before, and he was not from the Holy Region.

The man stared at Qin Yu warily and did not speak.

Qin Yu quietly handed over a piece of spiritual essence, and only then did this person’s tense expression ease a little.