Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

2372 The Grand Ritual of Monster Race

“No wonder that monk said the chaotic qi can contain all vital energy. He seems to be referring to this.”

Qin Yu somewhat realized. He had never absorbed demonic qi before.

The spiritual energy generated after this mixture was called the new chaotic qi. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

If he could accumulate even more fresh chaotic energy in his body in the future, it would definitely play a terrifying role at a critical moment.

This drop of power could allow his strength to reach the power of tribulation.

Although it was only for a moment, it was enough.

Qin Yu closed his eyes, and his injuries began to recover. After absorbing a vast amount of spiritual energy and the cracks on the Glazed Holy Body recovered, it became tougher than previously.

Therefore, this kind of cultivation was actually increasing the strength of his Glazed Holy Body.

…

In the Yan family in Mount Donghuang…

“Uncle Yan, is what you said true? Qin Yu really fought against nine people alone and Ni Wuxiao?”

Yan Ruoxue covered her mouth tightly, and the joy on her face was obvious to everyone.

“Miss Yan, the Ni family’s Holy Lord has sent someone over to ask for an explanation.”

Uncle Yan said helplessly, seeing Yan Ruoxue’s excitement.

“Let them ask. Their family provoked Qin Yu, so what does it have to do with us?”

Yan Ruoxue was still immersed in the news, finding it unbelievable.

She did not expect Qin Yu’s strength to have such an exaggerated increase in a low-level plane like purgatory.

“This kid is really a terrifying genius. Under the current Path of Heaven, I’m afraid no one can stop him.”

When Uncle Yan heard this news, he was indeed tremendously shocked. After confirming it repeatedly, he realized that it was true.

“However, Miss Yan, you have to be prepared. If the Golden Path of Heaven descends, who will be the first person to enter the Tribulation Transcending Stage of the Path of Heaven? Teng Zixu, Si Shiyue, Si Liuhe, and the others were all possible candidates. There will be no restrictions, and the gap will widen infinitely when the time comes.”

When Si Liuhe became a True Saint, he killed Xuan Jizi. He was only a step behind, even facing a veteran True Saint like Dean Lei.

Moreover, there was a clear gap in the Path of Heaven between different planes back then. It was inevitable.

Yan Ruoxue’s smiles faded. She understood what Uncle Yan was trying to say.

During this chaotic time, only strength was the greatest guarantee.

At that time, no one knew what choice the Yan family’s Holy Lord would make.

…

Qin Yu had already stopped cultivating at this moment. With his current Glazed Holy Body coupled with the Traceless Immortal Scripture, the speed at which he absorbed vital energy was even more terrifying than the divine beast Kun Peng. In less than half a day, he had recovered from his injuries.

The vital energy of the Glazed Holy Body also fully accumulated. He hesitated for a moment.

He then went to another plane. The monster race also attacked here, slaughtering humans wantonly.

Taking advantage of this time, he wanted to refine more monsters and accumulate new chaotic vital energy.

When the Golden Path of Heaven descended, he would have more strength when he returned to the Holy Region.

The following month, he immersed himself in hunting monsters, refining demonic qi, and finally cultivating to recover from his injuries.

However, this month, he did not encounter anyone as strong as the monster race general.

As a result, the demonic qi he obtained was not pure. In a month, he only accumulated four drops of demonic qi.

However, what surprised Qin Yu was that as he continued to cultivate, he could feel the strength of his Glazed Holy Body increasingly higher.

When he subsequently absorbed the demonic qi, his body could basically withstand the power of the explosion.

Suddenly, Qin Yu discovered another monster race army.

This army was covered in wounds, and as they walked, stinky monster blood dripped onto the ground.

Along the way, the plants stained with the monster’s blood died one after another.

The leader was a captain with a powerful internal qi. Although he was not as powerful as the previous monster race general, his strength was also tremendously powerful.

Qin Yu’s divine sense swept over and discovered a flag in the captain’s pocket containing a dense soul aura.

It should be the souls and blood collected from killing the human race.

However, his divine sense swept in another direction, and another army appeared.

Qin Yu hesitated for a moment, and with a flash, he hid himself in the Sumeru ring.

He then turned into a speck of dust and hid in the void. After his soul traveled in the sea of space, his understanding of the spatial rules reached a new level. Moreover, the Sumeru ring itself was a spatial divine ring.

Even the soul of a Tribulation Transcending Stage cultivator would find this tracking hard to detect.

He passed through several spaces and found it was not just these two armies but more gathering from all directions.

The center of their target was in a plane with surging demonic qi.

Thousands of densely packed rituals were there, chanting incantations in unison.

A 10,000-meter-wide blood pool was in front of everybody.

The captains from all directions raised their flags above the blood pool, and the souls and blood they had collected entered the blood pool one after another.

After that, in the sky, Qin Yu’s desolate divine eye saw the soul being absorbed by the blood, and the monster race’s Path of Heaven suddenly erupted with terrifying dark lightning densely covered the sky.

The bodies of countless monster race soldiers who came into contact with the dark lightning expanded at a speed visible to the naked eye, and the internal qi they emitted instantly increased by another level.

Qin Yu was tremendously shocked. If that were the case, as long as the monster race could pass through their planes, they would definitely launch an attack without mercy. It was the method to grow stronger and was much simpler than the human race’s cultivation.

After that, another few thousand bolts of dark lightning struck down. The power of these bolts of dark lightning was much denser.

The monster race captains soared into the sky to meet the heavenly lightning.

After these monster race captains absorbed the dark lightning, small bone spikes actually grew out of their backs.

The advancement this time was massive. If these captains were previously only at the Mighty Realm, they would immediately reach the Return to Void Stage after absorbing the Yindark lightning.

Qin Yu’s heart palpitated as he watched. The monster race would only become stronger by adopting this method. What would the human race use to resist the monster race army?

Moreover, a very structured order seemed to be among the monster race.

Even with the rituals of hundreds of thousands of soldiers, the entire scene was never chaotic.

Even the human army could not see such a scene.

In the next moment, the dark clouds in the sky suddenly flipped, and tens of thousands of feet of dark lightning suddenly struck down from the sky.

The monster race general slowly walked down from the giant carriage. He raised his head and the long halberd in his hand.

“Modo!”

He seemed to be calling his own name, and then all the troops shouted in unison, “Modo!”

The sound wave spread throughout the entire monster race’s continent. He slowly floated up to welcome the dark lightning, ready to receive the baptism of the Path of Heaven.

Qin Yu’s heart skipped a beat when he saw this. Previously, this person had already surpassed the half-step Tribulation Transcending Stage under the monster race’s Path of Heaven.

How strong would he be if he were to receive the dark lightning?