Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

2374 Situation Changes

It made him look like a humanoid monster. Furthermore, his eyes were red.

After rushing out of the formation, he wanted to attack the people inside.

A massive vine tied him up and made him unable to move further. Elder Huai suddenly made a move to stop Chang Mang.

"Bang!"

Suddenly, a surging massive force erupted from his body and tore the vine apart.

He then rushed toward Qin Yu. Jue Wu suddenly appeared above him and punched him to the ground.

After that, she stomped him firmly on the ground and made him unable to move at all.

"What a terrifying strength! After absorbing this demonic qi, his strength has at least doubled. I've sparred with Chang Mang before but never felt this pressure!"

Elder Guai said in shock. When they had nothing to do in the Sumeru ring, Chang Mang, this battle maniac, would pull Elder Guai to practice with Jue Wu.

Elder Guai thus had a rough understanding of Chang Mang's Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

strength. He did not expect him to unleash twice his strength at this moment!

"This seems somewhat similar to the bone cultivation water, but the energy level is even higher. However, it seems to contain the will of the monster race, and you will be controlled if you absorb too much of it."

Qin Yu stared at Chang Mang and only felt relieved after seeing him unharmed.

After a while, Chang Mang's eyes regained clarity.

"F*ck, what a terrifying will! Just now, a violent will suddenly controlled my head and made me unable to control the killing intent in my heart and attack."

Chang Mang said with lingering fear.

"Yes, this is the power of the monster race. If a member of the monster race absorbs it, it will be a great supplement, just like my previous exploration in the sea of space. However, those not of the monster race will be affected by that willpower. There's a chance to become killing tools for the monster race."

Qin Yu nodded.

"Jue Wu, Elder Guai, Mei Li, Chang Ye, you guys try too, but you must not be greedy. Try bit by bit."

After absorbing some demonic qi, the pressure on the Sumeru ring lessened.

Several of them were experts in this world, so they naturally wanted to advance further.

The four charged into the demonic qi at the same time. Mei Li and Chang Ye only absorbed a small portion before coming out. The demonic qi they had absorbed was less than Chang Mang's.

As for Elder Guai and Jue Wu, they absorbed a relatively large amount of the qi of the Path of Heaven. One was from the demon race, while the other had a Nirvana Body. They seemed to have special physiques, so the power did not have much effect on them.

When the two came out, they had faces filled with joy.

"My strength has increased significantly. I'm at the Peak of the True Saint now. If I go all out and use techniques, I should be able to reach the strength of half-step heavenly might. However, this should be the limit. If I go any further, that willpower will start suppressing my body."

Ju Wu said with overjoy.

"I've also reached the Peak of the True Saint."

Elder Guai stroked his beard and said with a smile.

Qin Yu split the dark lightning into hundreds of strands and sent them to all the cultivators in the Sumeru ring.

Even if it was just a strand, it could improve their bodies.

He segregated them into a fist-sized ball and sent his divine sense into it to wipe out the consciousness of the Path of Heaven inside.

After that, he split the ball of demonic qi into two parts, and they entered the bodies of Ximen Weiyu and Ji Yue.

Instantly, their internal qi underwent a tremendous change. The qi of the Path of Heaven was even more effective on people with low cultivation.

After doing all this, the monster race's qi of the Path of Heaven still had about 70% of its effect.

Qin Yu rushed into it directly. In an instant, as if sensing Qin Yu's internal qi, the qi of the Path of Heaven turned into a sea of lightning surging in the sky and then turned into a thunder dragon that fiercely blasted toward Qin Yu.

A radiant display of flashes of lightning filled the entire Sumeru ring.

"Come on! Let's see how much you can stir up with a mere little snake!"

Qin Yu allowed the thunder dragon to bombard his body, and the power flowed through his skin, penetrating his cells and blood vessels.

?

A layer of terrifying power directly destroyed his skin. This power belonged to the heavens and was simply impossible to resist.

After that, a vast will suddenly gathered and directly rushed into Qin Yu's sea of consciousness.

"Isn't this too extreme? We merely slowly absorbed the demonic qi, yet we could feel the will about to suppress us. Qin Yu devoured the qi of the Path of Heaven in one go, and if this demonic qi gathers together, it can form a portion of the true will of the heavens."

Elder Guai said somewhat worriedly.

At this moment, Qin Yu's muscles constantly squirmed as he lowered his head slightly.

The power of the monster race's Path of Heaven had rushed into his sea of consciousness. A destructive killing intent seemed to have wanted to assimilate his will.

Qin Yu's lips curled into a cold smile as he tightly guarded the golden and black divine sense origins.

After experiencing thousands of cycles of reincarnation, his soul and will had become immensely powerful to the utmost. These killing intent and chaotic Path of Heaven consciousness could not affect his origin at all.

The divine sense continued to attack Qin Yu for three days and three nights before it vanished.

The qi of the Path of Heaven revolved again, repairing the muscles of his body. A portion of the qi of the Path of Heaven entered his holy bones, making his body even stronger.

After he absorbed this portion of the monster race's qi of the Path of Heaven, he felt his body at least 30% stronger.

His Glazed Holy Body was an incredibly resilient holy body, and it was a thousand times more difficult to increase the strength of such a powerful holy body than an ordinary physique.

Qin Yu did not know how much his strength had grown. Only when the Golden Path of Heaven descended, he competed with the Tribulation Transcending Stage cultivators could he gauge.

...

At the same time when Qin Yu launched a sneak attack on the monster race army, a major incident happened in Solitary Cloud City.

The demon race's mysterious person led the Vermilion Bird, Black Tortoise, Azure Dragon, White Tiger, the four divine beasts, and hundreds of kings of the demon race to suddenly attack while the people of the Holy Region were seizing a mystic realm.

He had killed dozens of ninth-grade True Saint elders from aristocratic families. The Holy Son Yao Xi, Yan Yunfan, and Ji Ao were severely injured.

Teng Zixu had also suffered severe injuries when he fought against Immortal Crane. He might have been killed at the end if he had not used the slash of Borrowing Power from the Heavens.

They had all returned to the Solitary Cloud City by now, and numerous Holy Region's formation masters had started setting up the formations.

Countless patrols patrolled the area day and night, and the light emitted by the treasures even turned night into day.

Purgatory was considered the plane nearest to the Holy Region. The alien race could directly attack the Holy Region if this place fell, something the Holy Region could not accept.

When Qin Yu heard the news, he was surprised.

"Immortal Crane has actually attacked. The last time I saw him was when he subdued the Vermillion Bird. I didn't expect him to subdue so many demon beast kings in such a short time and even attack humans."

Qin Yu shook his head, feeling that with the continuous changes in the Path of Heavenly, the entire situation was becoming increasingly complex.