2375 Returning to the Holy Region

"Serves them right! These Holy Region b*stards merely want to take advantage all day and not do anything. They would probably be even more aggressive if the alien race didn't beat them up."

Chang Mang spat out viciously and said.

"The demon race's power of the Path of Heaven should also be stronger than the human race's. They can unleash even more utmost power. Otherwise, with Teng Zixu and the others around, the demon race couldn't have killed people."

Elder Guai analyzed carefully by the side.

"Right now, the human race is already at a disadvantage in the competition with the other three races. I'm afraid the human race will be really in trouble if the Holy Region continues to do this." Qin Yu sighed. The combat power of the monster race army was somewhat unexpectedly exaggerated.

Moreover, they only needed to fight non-stop to continuously sacrifice to the Path of Heaven to increase their strength.

If this continued, it might be difficult for the humans to match up, even the monster race alone.

Not to mention the demon race and ghost race, and these three races joined forces.

"Forget it. This is too far away from me. My goal of becoming stronger is to take back Ruoxue openly! I now can't stop this trend of the Path of Heaven at all."

Qin Yu sighed. He might be able to stop one monster army, or even two or three, but countless monster race armies were fighting in all the planes. It was not something that a single person could stop.

"Qin Yu, with the suppression of the Path of Heaven now, you have a huge advantage with your strength. Moreover, the hundred-year agreement is approaching. It's the best time to look for Si Shiyue and fight with him to take back Yan Ruoxue."

Jue Wu hesitated for a moment before reminding Qin Yu.

"Yes, I've been looking for Ji Yue to understand the situation recently. Now that the planar suppression of the Path of Heaven has reduced, the spiritual energy needed for the return has greatly reduced. It shouldn't be a problem to go back."

Thinking of Yan Ruoxue, Qin Yu could not help but reveal a gentle smile.

"Qin Yu, forgive me for being blunt. Even with your current strength, it's best to go according to the agreed time. Otherwise, it'll be hard to enter the Holy Region. There were densely packed formations at the entrance and even a killing formation. The area of the formation was huge, and the time it took to accumulate power was even more terrifying."

Chang Ye reminded him. He once thought he could step into the Holy Region with his strength.

But in the end, he realized it was just wishful thinking, even though he had many fortuitous encounters.

All these were like a joke when facing the Holy Region's aristocratic families. With merely the people stationed there without support, they chased him back to purgatory.

"I won't underestimate the Holy Region's aristocratic families, but no matter what, I must give it a try. Otherwise, there's no point for me becoming stronger."

Qin Yu clenched his fists with a determined expression.

"Brother, as long as you want to, I will accompany you to purgatory. At most, we will die. What's there to be afraid of!"

?

Chang Mang said by the side.

"It's time to go back."

Qin Yu dared not gamble. Under the current Path of Heaven, he was no longer afraid of anyone.

If this dragged on, the Golden Path of Heaven would descend. With the foundation of the Holy Region, who knew how many Tribulation Transcending Stage cultivators were hiding? If Yan Tianshi had any thoughts, he could not take Yan Ruoxue away even if he defeated Si Shiyue.

Soon, a group of people appeared in the Black Platform Continent. There was a teleportation formation there to go to the Holy Region. Qin Yu planned to go to the Holy Region using this formation.

"I'm going to purgatory now. You can choose whether to follow me or stay here. It's hard to predict what will happen, and it's probably ten times more dangerous than staying here."

Qin Yu told the truth to everyone in the Sumeru ring. Previously, the Holy Region had almost killed Qin Yu merely by teleporting the vanguard over.

Now that he was about to step into the Holy Region and face the nine great aristocratic families' foundation, it was an unimaginable killing intention.

Hearing this, many people fell silent. Most of them knew what this meant.

"Everyone from the Ji family must stay in the Sumeru ring"

Ji Yue commanded domineeringly, not allowing any family members to leave.

"I'll stay, too."

Some of the people of the Azure Firmament Sect, led by Piao Ruoyun, also chose to stay. In this chaotic world, no matter where they went, they might be attacked by alien races. They would probably die if they encountered an alien race with the strength of the monster race general.

Qin Yu was not in a hurry and gave them a few hours to consider. He let them think clearly before making a decision. About half of the people had left by the time he got up.

"I'll accompany you to explore the Holy Region once again. I've reached my age limit, and my cultivation level should be at its peak by now. If I don't do something in the end, I won't be able to die in peace."

Chang Ye laughed heartily.

After experiencing the Netherworld Mystic Realm and the subsequent incidents, only then did he realize that his cultivation base, which he had once looked down on all the heroes, had turned into an unremarkable grain of sand with the changes of the Path of Heaven.

After understanding these gaps, his mentality was much calmer now, and he was no longer afraid. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"I'll go too."

Mei Li said with a look of determination.

Elder Guai, Jue Wu, Chang Mang, and the others followed Qin Yu as usual without any hesitation.

After confirming the number of people, Qin Yu stepped into the teleportation formation.

He took out an enormous crystal from the Sumeru ring and then a vast amount of spiritual energy, divided and poured into nearly a hundred formation cores.

A vast spatial internal qi slowly released from the ground.

Along with the vast amount of spiritual energy, the formation lines on the ground slowly connected with these nearly hundred formation cores.

A round pillar of spatial light slowly enveloped him.

The spiritual energy was still being injected into the formation cores of the formation. Even though the planar suppression had significantly reduced, it still required an incomparably large amount of spiritual energy to be transported back to the Holy Region.

Qin Yu sent it for a full ten days and ten nights before the spiritual energy slowly became saturated.

He did not know how long it would have taken him to collect the spiritual energy required for this teleportation if he had not obtained the Ji family's treasures.

Dense spatial qi descended from the sky, and a massive light shield enveloped Qin Yu.

Qin Yu's divine sense entered the formation and secretly meditated the coordinates of the Holy Region, transmitting it into the formation.

The formation on the ground slowly floated up and stood before Qin Yu.

Qin Yu suddenly came to a realization. The construction of this spatial formation was similar to that of human cultivators.

In the end, it triggered the spatial power of the Path of Heaven to teleport him to another place.

If his comprehension of the spatial rules grew deeper, perhaps one day, he could be teleported to various parts of the universe instantly like this massive formation.

Suddenly, the teleportation formation lit up, and countless rays of light passed through Qin Yu's body.

Qin Yu felt that his body split up in an instant. His body, divine sense, and chaotic vital energy split into countless parts and were pulled into the teleportation formation at different speeds.

His vision suddenly darkened, and he began to shuttle.