Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2376 Seeing Yan Ruoxue Again

It seemed to be a spatial passageway, a completely different way of traveling through space from previously.

No matter how far Qin Yu's soul could reach out in this passageway, what he saw was exactly the same.

This place was like an endless passage. Time did not seem to exist here. He only felt an irresistible force carrying his body.

Qin Yu's desolate divine eye focused on the spatial passageway.

What surprised him was in the past, the desolate divine eye could usually see the most essential parts.

However, this spatial passageway in the world of the desolate divine eye was the same as what the naked eye could see. It was a long and endless passage.

There was no time, no gravity. What appeared before the eyes was a long river that never changed.

Qin Yu frowned. This spatial passageway was formed by the power of spatial rules no matter what.

He should be able to see through its essence. With a divine thought, the eye on his forehead suddenly closed.

His desolate divine eye had turned golden when he opened the eye again. Everything he could see was shining with golden light. The spatial rules unfolded before his eyes like peeling an onion.

It was the second form of the desolate divine eye that he had activated after burning his soul to find the reincarnation entrance of the scholar, Jun Yixian, infusing it with tens of times the power of the soul.

In the golden desolate divine eye, the world had changed again. The spatial passageway had disappeared completely, and what replaced it was an extremely dark sea. At the end of it, there was an extremely blurry rune floating.

Qin Yu widened his desolate divine eye with all his might, wanting to look closer at the rune.

The rune flickered with an extreme power, similar to the power of spatial rules, but it also seemed to be the king of this power. A tremendously beautiful vortex of rules surrounded the rune.

Countless complex spatial lines shuttled through it, finally evolving into this rune.

The closer his desolate divine eye was, the more he could feel the substantial power of the spatial rules permeating around the rune. Qin Yu subconsciously used his hands to evolve with the spatial power nearby.

This feeling was similar to when he was sailing in the sea of space. Although the spatial rules were not as vast, they were still incomparably profound.

However, when his line of sight slowly "swam" toward that rune, a feeling of extreme weakness surged into his sea of consciousness.

The desolate divine eye suddenly closed. When he opened his eyes again, it had transformed into the first form of the desolate divine eye.

Qin Yu could not help but smile bitterly. The second form of the desolate divine eye was only activated by chance when he burned his soul. He did not expect its activation under normal conditions to consume so much soul power and chaotic vital energy.

In less than tens of seconds just now, his soul power had reduced by at least one-third.

Such a terrifying consumption in such a short time made him somewhat tired.

After an unknown time in this spatial passageway, Qin Yu's body suddenly shook, the sky and ground spinning.

In the next moment, his body collapsed on the ground of the Holy Region again.

Countless soul powers and the formation lights locked onto him in an instant.

A familiar internal qi rushed over him and made Qin Yu feel like returning to the human world.

"Who is it? Surrender immediately!"

There were already people stationed nearby, and Qin Yu was immediately surrounded.

"He is Qin Yu! You actually didn't die!"

Among the crowd, people from the Ni family recognized Qin Yu and were instantly shocked.

"Suppress this guy directly and tie him to the family head!"

Someone directly made a sudden move as he spoke, wanting to suppress Qin Yu like lightning.

Qin Yu's body floated up, and an enormous unicorn phantom appeared above his head.

His body flashed past the crowd like lightning. The unicorn's angry roar was accompanied by a soul-hunting sound that instantly made everyone freeze on the spot.

Only after Qin Yu had left for dozens of seconds did those cultivators come back to their senses.

Most of the thousands of cultivators nearby broke out in cold sweat.

Within those ten or so seconds, they would have died countless times if Qin Yu had the killing intent. More people quickly spread the news.

Qin Yu landed on the ground, arriving at the Yan family's residence. His loud voice was transmitted.

"I, Qin Yu, want to enter the Yan family."

Previously, Yan Tianshi had decided to let him leave the Holy Region at the last moment. He was indeed sparing his life.

No matter what, he had to keep this favor in his heart.

"Qin Yu!"

A high-pitched scream suddenly reached Qin Yu's ears, causing his body to tremble violently.

The familiar voice was indeed that silly girl. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Ruoxue!"

Qin Yu could no longer control himself. He rushed into the Yan family's holy land, and killing intent instantly appeared in the air.

The gravel on the ground suddenly turned into a celestial warrior. With a move of its small body, its internal qi instantly rose to the peak.

The power of half-step heavenly might stabbed into his chest.

It was the formation of scattering stones into warriors. This formation was carved from thousands of pieces of blood jade that had existed for tens of thousands of years. This blood jade had long since evolved its own intelligence and possessed a trace of independent thinking.

If one used divine sense to listen carefully, one could even hear the blood flowing and the heartbeat.

After continuously evolving the techniques hundreds of times, the blood jade would remember the techniques. When activated, the celestial warrior formed would activate the memorized techniques.

One must know that this place was where Yan Tianshi, Yan Guyun, and the other experts cultivated.

Even the ancestors of the Yan family had cultivated here before. It was even rumored that Immortal Emperor Yan Tianming had once evolved a dao technique here.

At this moment, the sand and stones on the ground would instantly activate their maximum power according to the enemy's strength.

"Be careful!"

Yan Ruoxue's face turned pale. She did not even have time to say anything to stop Qin Yu before he stepped in. She covered her mouth with both hands.

However, when the celestial warrior's weapon landed on Qin Yu's body, it only created a circle of sparks. It could not even pierce through his skin.

Qin Yu's body sped up again and suddenly appeared beside Yan Ruoxue.

A breeze blew past and lifted the sand and stones falling beside Qin Yu.

"Kill!"

In an instant, killing intent descended.

The gravel instantly expanded by dozens of times. The grim faces of celestial warriors appeared on the rock as if being carved by knives, and celestial warriors with hundreds of fists suddenly formed.

More than 30 celestial warriors stabbed Qin Yu almost at the same time.

The divine weapons in their hands had mysterious dao techniques evolving on them. There was even an extremely powerful internal qi of the Path of Heaven.

It was about to cut Qin Yu into a meat pie.

Qin Yu narrowed his eyes slightly. As expected of the Yan family, just the 30-odd celestial warriors in this formation alone were equivalent to the top combat strength of more than 30 people under the Path of Heaven. This simultaneous attack seemed to have sealed off even the space, making him unable to breathe.

Facing this attack, Qin Yu dared not be negligent either.

He formed a hand seal, and his body suddenly expanded.

The cosmic form suddenly expanded.