Chapter 2377 Assertively Protecting Her Husband

The instant the celestial warrior was about to hit Qin Yu's body, his internal qi suddenly froze.

As if being controlled by something, all the celestial warriors fell from the sky and became sand of jade again.

"I remember that the family head has asked you to leave the Holy Region and not return, right? It seems you don't take the family head's words seriously."

An elder of the Yan family, Yan Tianlong, walked over and stared at Qin Yu with an expression of disgust.

This person was also an elder of the Yan family's "Tian" lineage. As he strongly supported the marriage between the Yan family and the Si family, he naturally would not show any favor to Qin Yu.

"Elder Tianlong, I'm sorry. Please forgive me."

Yan Ruoxue walked up to the elder and bowed to him. This person's words carried a lot of weight in the Yan family.

Yan Ruoxue did not want to offend him. He looked at Yan Ruoxue quietly for a while, and the corner of his mouth curled up into an imperceptible sneer. After a while, he said.

"Saintess, you can't bow like this."

Yan Tianlong walked past Yan Ruoxue and walked up to Qin Yu directly.

"When our Yan family was initially formed in the Holy Region, we were already one of the most powerful aristocratic families. No one ever dared to trespass on our territory for so many years. Today, Saintess intercedes on your behalf. I can exempt you from the death penalty but not from punishment."

"Elder Yan, I sent a voice transmission outside the door to request to pay my respects. However, no one came out for a long time. When I saw Ruoxue, I couldn't help but come in."

Qin Yu patiently explained. Yan Tianlong shamelessly accepted Ruoxue's bow just now already made him feel unhappy.

However, judging from Ruoxue's attitude, this person must be an important figure in the Yan family.

"Are you saying that I'm setting you up?"

Yan Tianlong's face revealed a mocking and cold smile.

"I've seen too many people like you. A country bumpkins with delusions of climbing to the top. In the end, you'll probably end up with no place for a burial."

"D*mn it, life is full of ups and downs. Don't bully the young and poor!"

Qin Yu said with a solemn expression.

"F*ck! Do you think you're the Xiao Yan Immortal Emperor?"

"Elder Tianlong, I will explain to the family head about Qin Yu entering our Yan family's residence. Please calm down."

Yan Ruoxue walked over and bowed again.

"There's no need. I'll capture him and then throw him into the sky prison. You explain to the people there."

Yan Tianming sneered, not showing respect to Yan Ruoxue at all.

He moved his hands, and his five fingers suddenly changed, emitting a faint qi of rules.

He stirred the spatial qi as if playing the zither. Qin Yu could only feel the internal qi around him change.

In the next moment, a dense cage had already taken shape.

"Cage of the Heavens!"

"Crack!"

Yan Ruoxue's face was as cold as ice. She moved her arm slightly, and her sleeve struck the cage like an immortal sword.

The cage shattered, and Yan Ruoxue walked toward Qin Yu.

"Saintess seems to have chosen to go against our Yan family for this wild brat who came out of nowhere. I'll suppress the two of you together and see what the family head says." 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Yan Tianlong sneered, staring at the two.

In the distance, many Yan family cultivators had already gathered. Yan Tianlong wanted to blow up this matter and cause Qin Yu to completely lose his chance.

"Brother Qin Yu, this is the Yan family. Let me make the move."

Yan Ruoxue stood before Qin Yu and said to Yan Tianlong with a cold expression.

"Yan Tianlong, let me tell you this. My status is higher than yours not because of my bloodline but my strength. You're nothing if I don't show you respect."

Yan Ruoxue instantly turned into a fanatic protector of her husband.

"Well! Well! Well! Then tell me with your strength!"

Yan Tianlong laughed in extreme anger.

He narrowed his eyes slightly, and his clothes fluttered without any wind.

The spatial qi gathered around him and turned into a long sword.

Yan Tianlong sneered. He pointed with his fingers at lightning speed, and a streak of spatial qi pierced through Yan Ruoxue.

His two fingers then danced in front of him, and his fingers transformed into an exquisite sword technique.

His two fingers passed through the spatial sword, and a smooth cut instantly appeared among the mountain stones, grasses, and trees, wherever the spatial sword internal qi brushed against.

Yan Ruoxue's body was almost motionless. The sword energy only hit her afterimage repeatedly but could not even touch her sleeves.

Qin Yu gasped. Previously, his strength was limited, and he could not observe the power of the Yan family's immortal scripture.

Both Yan Tianlong and Yan Ruoxue had deeply comprehended the qi of spatial rules.

One transformed the spatial qi into a sword, and its sharpness was unmatched.

The other shuttled through space, her figure like a fairy that was untraceable.

"Great!"

Yan Tianlong's expression grew colder. He could not even touch Yan Ruoxue's body after such a long time that he could not maintain his composure.

"Sky-splitting Slash!"

He raised two fingers and placed them in front of his forehead.

Terrifying spatial qi gathered like the sea, forming a giant sword.

In the next moment, it had already slashed down.

With this move, the clouds in the sky were even cut apart. There seemed to be an additional sword scar in the middle of the blue sky.

Qin Yu frowned slightly, prepared to attack at any moment.

As if sensing Qin Yu's movements, Yan Ruoxue even turned her head and smiled at Qin Yu.

Yan Ruoxue did not retreat. Instead, she advanced and faced the Sky-splitting Slash.

She stretched out a fair finger, and spatial qi gathered on her fingertip.

Then, with a light tap, the internal qi of the Sky-splitting Slash suddenly stagnated and collapsed in the air.

A massive spatial qi exploded right away, and the violent wind even uprooted some towering trees.

Qin Yu was also somewhat shocked.

In the world of his desolate divine eye, both seemed to be using the same power of rules, but Yan Ruoxue's spatial qi seemed superior to Yan Tianlong's in terms of quality.

Therefore, she only used a trace of the power of rules to destroy the Sky-splitting Slash.

Yan Tianlong's technique was broken. He staggered and almost fell onto the ground.

The surrounding cultivators fell silent. Yan Tianming belonged to the older generation of the Yan family, and his strength was unfathomable.

However, they did not expect Saintess Yan to defeat his killing move so effortlessly. Many people in the Yan family finally understood why Yan Ruoxue's status was so high. A genius like her would be the center of attention regardless of where she was.

Yan Tianlong let out a furious roar. The aura on his body began to soar, and he seemed to be going all out to fight.

"Stop!"

A middle-aged man suddenly appeared. He placed a hand on Yan Tianlong's shoulder and stopped him from going berserk.

"Qin Yu."

Yan Guyun frowned. He did not expect Qin Yu to appear here.

"Everyone, disperse. No one can tell anyone about what happened today. Otherwise, your memories will be erased and you will be expelled from the Yan family."

Yan Guyun said softly. His words made the surrounding Yan family members shiver. No one doubted the authenticity of his words.

After saying that, he ignored Qin Yu and disappeared with Yan Tianlong.

"Qin Yu, let's go to Mount Donghuang!" Yan Ruoxue's eyes turned into a curved hook.