Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2378 The Nine Great Aristocratic Families Arrive

She disregarded the people around her and hugged Qin Yu's arms with both hands.

"Wow, when did Saintess Yan become like this? Isn't she someone who doesn't smile?"

"If the saintess could act coquettishly with me like this, I would be willing to die."

"Go eat sh*t. Why don't you take a piss and see what you look like?" Someone by the side was unhappy and began to curse loudly.

"I miss you so much, Ruoxue."

Qin Yu was on the verge of tears, and his voice also choked up.

In purgatory, he met Jun Yixian twice and experienced his reincarnation technique twice.

They had not seen each other for a hundred years, but Qin Yu felt like ages ago when he last saw Yan Ruoxue. At this moment, he could not hold it in anymore. He held Yan Ruoxue's slender waist and kissed her cherry lips.

Yan Ruoxue blushed. She could not help but feel shy kissing in front of many people and responded to Qin Yu somewhat clumsily.

The surrounding onlookers instantly howled, and one could somewhat hear the sound of their hearts shattering.

Uncle Yan looked at the two of them from behind and walked away helplessly.

In the dark, a person revealed a cold expression and silently crushed the messaging jade slip in his hand.

?

"Brother Qin Yu, you're so powerful! I heard that you killed Ni Wuxiao while being sieged in the purgatory!

"They all brought their families' supreme treasures, and they couldn't catch you?"

When Yan Ruoxue saw Qin Yu, she seemed to have transformed into a chatterbox, chattering non-stop.

Uncle Yan had wanted to say something several times but did not get to interrupt.

"Qin Yu, you really shouldn't have come back. With Miss Yan's strength, she might be able to go to purgatory when the time comes. You make things difficult for Miss Yan by coming back here."

After a long time, Uncle Yan finally had an opportunity to speak.

"I'm sorry, Uncle Yan. I couldn't control myself."

Qin Yu knew Uncle Yan treated Yan Ruoxue well, so he did not refute.

"It's almost time for the hundred-year agreement. Qin Yu came here in an honest and honorable manner, and there's no need to feel guilty. Besides, Brother Qin Yu's strength is definitely stronger than Si Shiyue's. Even if he can't defeat Si Shiyue, I'll go with him."

Yan Ruoxue angrily said.

"It's not about the competition at all. Qin Yu killed four elders of the Ni family and even Ni Wuxiao. He and the Ni family have formed a deadly grudge. Under such a chaotic situation, do you think the Yan family will offend one of the nine great aristocratic families to help you and Qin Yu?"

Uncle Yan was considered a core member of the Yan family. He had a far-sighted vision.

As soon as he said this, even Qin Yu felt it was a little troublesome.

?

"A person like Ruoxue, who has the Heavenly Emperor bloodline, is a top talent of the Yan family. What can the Yan family get if you marry Ruoxue? Update by . Perhaps your talent is not bad, but can you compare it to the power of an aristocratic family? If Ruoxue marries the Si family, the Yan family can make many requests. Furthermore, they might become two Tribulation Transcending Stage cultivators of the Path of Heaven in the future."

Uncle Yan continued.

"Qin Yu might also become a Tribulation Transcending Stage cultivator. Otherwise, how could he have killed Ni Wuxiao?"

Yan Ruoxue clenched her fists and retorted.

"It's too difficult as he's only a fourth-grade True Saint. No matter how powerful his combat strength is, his cultivation realm lagging is a fact."

Uncle Yan shook his head. He felt it strange too that with Qin Yu's talent, why had he not stepped into the fifth grade yet?

"With that said, I've spoken so much to prepare you all. Such matter is not something a single person's efforts can resist."

Uncle Yan sighed and left quietly.

He was indeed conflicted. This was the first time he saw Yan Ruoxue so happy since Qin Yu arrived. The rest of the time, she was like a cultivation machine without any emotions.

...

In Yan Ruxue's room, Qin Yu's hands trembled as they hugged each other.

He wished he could stuff Yan Ruoxue into his body.

"Brother Qin Yu, you must be exhausted in purgatory."

Yan Ruoxue gently touched Qin Yu's face, feeling sorry, and said.

?

"I'm not whenever I think of you."

"Then let me reward you."

Ruoxue leaned over and kissed Qin Yu again.

Yan Ruoxue listened to Qin Yu telling what had happened in purgatory like a little girl listening to a story.

Time passed, and soon, the day turned dark.

"The family head has ordered that for the sake of the Saintess's reputation, Qin Yu, you cannot stay at Mount Donghuang tonight." Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Uncle Yan coughed and said to the room.

"Hmph!"

Yan Ruxue stood up angrily and was about to push open the door to argue with Uncle Yan.

"It's fine. Sir Yan has been kind enough to give us such a long time. I'll come to see you again tomorrow. Ruoxue, don't overthink about it. I don't think it's that bad. Sir Yan is a good person. Moreover, I will definitely take you away this time. This is my promise!"

Qin Yu smiled and rubbed Yan Ruoxue's head. He knew that Ruoxue had been worrying about him in reducing his worries.

"No, we're leaving together!"

Yan Ruoxue wrapped her arms around Qin Yu's neck and looked at him seriously.

Uncle Yan could not help but cough again before she reluctantly let go of her hands.

He went to another mountain peak where the Yan family hosted guests. Qin Yu was arranged to stay there.

...

At this moment, in the late hours of the night, many people gathered in the main hall of the Yan family. They were the true core figures of the top nine families.

Yan Guyun had suppressed the news.

However, with the nine great aristocratic families' intelligence capabilities, the news had already spread to the various great aristocratic families as soon as Qin Yu arrived.

"Our Ni family and this kid have deep-seated enmity beyond reconciliation. He killed four of our elders. We would have killed him if he hadn't come to the Yan family!"

The Holy Lord of the Ni family came here personally. He seemed to have wanted to express his anger.

"This kid still has the treasures of the Jee family. We should suppress him and search his soul. If we get the Xuanyuan Sword, we don't have to be afraid even if alien races attack us with all their might," a Supreme Elder of the Yao family said.

"No matter how powerful a treasure is, it's still an external force. Only one's own strength can reach its limit."

The one who spoke was Si Liuhe. His words were very arrogant, but no one refuted him because he could do so.

Yan Tianshi frowned as he sat on the main seat. His expression was calm, and no one knew what he was thinking.

After a long time, he finally spoke.

"This kid has entered the Yan family in a dignified manner. If we gang up to attack him, how do we maintain our reputation in the Holy Region in the future? We need to discuss this matter properly." Yan Guyun said. He was not trying to help Qin Yu.

It was truly for the sake of the family's reputation. Previously, when Immortal Crane went to the Teng family to give gifts, the Teng family did not allow anyone to make a move. It was about the reputation of the family.

?

"Then allow us to challenge him directly. If we defeat him in an open and honorable manner, there's nothing much for others to say."

The Ni family sneered and said.

"This kid has quite many supreme treasures on him. He could kill the Ni family's First Elder under the siege of the geniuses of the top nine families. Are you sure someone from the Ni family can kill him at this cultivation level?"

Saintess Gu said with a faint smile, not showing respect to the head of the Ni family at all.