2379 Two Families Joining Forces?

"Hmph! It's just a little b*stard obtaining some treasures using tricks. My Ni family's name can be wiped out if my family can't even deal with this little b*stard."

Ni Kong, the head of the Ni family, taunted by Gu Saintess, was instantly furious and laughed.

Saintess Gu shrugged. Knowing that the head of the Ni family was furious, she did not provoke him further.

This time, they discussed until nearly dawn before everyone slowly went off.

There were two persons left in the main hall.

They were Yan Tianshi, the head of the Yan family, and Si Liuhe, the acting head of the Si family.

"Sir Yan, what do you think of the overall situation going forward?" Si Liuhe took a sip of tea and asked casually.

"The Golden Path of Heaven is about to descend, and the planar suppression will be released sooner or later. This time, it's not ordinary. It's the first time the three races truly join forces. In the past, they could still unite wantonly during chaotic times. This time, it's not ordinary. The three races, the monster race, the ghost race, and the demon race, seem to have reached some agreements."

"Yes, I heard from the old ancestor at the ninth level that the pressure there is great. However, chaos also represents an opportunity. The talent of our human race is not something that the other three races can compare to. If an ultimate expert appears, we can still fight against the three races even if they join forces."

Si Liuhe spoke again.

"Are you referring to Si Shiyue and Yan Ruoxue? But I think Qin Yu seems alright, too. Although his strength is at the fourth-grade True Saint, he could kill Ni Wuxiao among Teng Zixu and the others with his fourth-grade strength. This is good enough to prove something. Moreover, I think he has taken a different path, and his future achievements remain unknown."

Yan Tianshi swayed his teacup while thinking of something.

"The cultivators of the previous Path of Heaven no longer have a chance. However, among the people of the current Path of Heaven, you, me, Yan Guyun, Si Shiyue, Teng Zixu, and even Xiao Sheng might become that person. Of course, it would be best if one of our two families becomes one of the persons. What do you think?" Yan Guyun was silent for a long time before he spoke slowly.

"Things are getting even more interesting now. The ancient Buddha seems to already have a successor. There was also a boundless divine sense in purgatory that could resist the Path of Heaven. The demon race's Immortal Crane could subdue the four divine beasts. The masked woman's nine perfect Path of Heaven merged into one.

"The human race is known for their courage and willingness to undertake challenging tasks to achieve their goals, even if it means putting themselves in difficult situations. Our Si family is willing to study the Si family's immortal scriptures together with Holy Lord Yan and enter the land of our Si family's Celestial Saint to comprehend the dao techniques left behind by the Si family's Immortal Emperor if you agree to Ruoxue and Shiyue's marriage. Moreover, this is a drop of complete blood essence left behind by Immortal Emperor Si to be given to Holy Lord Yan."

Si Liuhe took out a jade bottle and opened it slightly. An Immortal Emperor's will descended like a king. That terrifying will caused the Yan family's ancient formation to start rotating.

Si Liuhe quickly covered the bottle and blocked the will from coming out.

Blood essence was the core of a person's blood that contained a person's will, comprehension, and even the path of life. One could see them through blood essence.

It was equivalent to showing the life of an Immortal Emperor in short. It was something that could make cultivators crazy about.

"Does the Si family think so highly of Shiyue? You actually paid such a huge price for the matter between the two."

"Saintess Yan has the most powerful bloodline of Immortal Emperor Tianming. This alone is worth the price we pay. Shi Yue is also the most talented person in our Si family in the past ten thousand years. His Way of Five Elements is already near perfect.Products at n0velfullb00k. In this chaotic world, even if it's only a trace of chance, we must use the entire family's power to pursue it. Moreover, I can swear to the heavens that if the Yan family is in trouble, the Si family will go all out to rescue them. Of course, the Yan family will do the same if the Si family is in trouble."

If others heard Si Liuhe's words, they would be shocked.

The nine great aristocratic families had been restraining and controlling each other. They would only come together wholeheartedly when their interests aligned on rare occasions.

Si Liuhe's declaration this time was to bind the two ancient aristocratic families together and advance and retreat together. Moreover, his sincerity was sufficient.

On Qin Yu's side, Jue Wu left quietly and headed toward Thunder Courtyard to look for Lei Xin and Flower Granny. This matter was definitely not that easy. The outcome would be hard to say if there was no external support.

Qin Yu sat cross-legged on the ground, and Traceless Immortal Scripture and Five Element and Eight Trigram Technique suddenly unleashed.

?

In the compass, he seemed to have felt like a small boat sailing in the vast sea and could be destroyed at any time.

The qi of the Path of Heaven entered the compass, and instantly, countless pieces of information entered his mind.

"The Path of heaven seems about to change."

Qin Yu muttered to himself. Endless information continuously entered his mind, allowing him to have a new understanding of the general trend of the Path of Heaven.

Yan Ruoxue did not come to look for him in the past few days. She was probably temporarily banned from going out.

Qin Yu seized this last opportunity to cultivate continuously.

He had been thinking about what his father wanted to leave to him. Those cultivation methods, pill formulas, or various techniques? However, he denied all of these. Every time his father appeared, it was at the most dangerous time.

It was especially true when he was facing Nightmare. His soul was crushed bit by bit, but he forcefully relied on his father's protection to survive and condense a divine sense spirit bead. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

His father seemed to be telling him to explore everything himself, but he would protect him quietly.

Qin Yu thought quietly that he had been thinking about this matter for many years.

He now had an idea that he dared not implement before. However, if he were to reach a desperate situation, perhaps he could still win a chance of survival on this trip to the Holy Region.

The life and death training in purgatory was much more than in the Holy Region. His thoughts were speedy like lightning now, and he was much more mature in his consideration.

?

Qin Yu's divine sense surged out and entered the Path of Heaven.

He grabbed that wisp of spatial qi, wrapped his divine sense around it, and then "climbed" upward.

The Yan family's immortal scripture seemed to have a deep research of spatial rules, so it was just right for Qin Yu to learn from it.

After an unknown period, Qin Yu arrived at the Sea of the Path of Heaven again.

These rules were even smaller than a billionth of a hair, and some parts were intricate and broken.

If the divine sense could not grasp the line of rules, they would not be able to reach the Sea of Path of Heaven.

However, with the power of Qin Yu's divine sense, he could easily do all of this.

This time, the sea of space before him was even more vast and boundless. The sea of the Path of Heaven he climbed last time seemed to be the end of the sea, narrow and long. When he was swimming in the river of space in the Holy Region, he was in the middle of the sea.

This was the essence of planar suppression. No matter how talented one was, the things they comprehended in different planes would differ unless their souls were strong enough to swim freely in the entire river of the Path of Heaven.

Qin Yu's feet slowly landed on the river of the Path of Heaven.