Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

2380 Test

Instantly, his desolate divine eye flashed with countless spatial rules and spatial qi deductive transformation.

Qin Yu was enlightened.

This was the basic deduction of the spatial rules, and all the powerful spatial spells were also based on this.

Just like characters, no matter how complex a character was, it was formed by strokes.

Understanding these would be of great help to him in the future, regardless of creating or learning techniques.

His soul was slowly shrinking like a balloon. This kind of soul consumption made Qin Yu's hair stand on end.

Sailing in the sea of space was an opportunity for enlightenment. At this moment, the soul was already tremendously far away from the true body. The true body would become an idiot if the soul was exhausted and could not return to the true body.

Therefore, many people only swam above the sea of space and dared not come into contact with this sea of the way.

But at this moment, Qin Yu had his own plans. Previously, when he burned his soul to enter Jun Yixian's world and his soul exploded with a power that was dozens of times more powerful, he e saw a blurry rune.

Although he could not see it clearly, he could sense it. Subsequently, he saw the same rune in the spatial teleportation passageway with the second form desolate divine eye. He wanted to try to use the second form desolate divine eye to see the rule in the sea of space.

He did not know what the rune was, but he knew it was an even more profound spatial rule.

He could make arrangements if he could clearly observe that rune.

He took a deep breath and hesitated no more.

His soul plunged into the sea of space like a big fish jumping into the water. In an instant, innumerable obscure information about the spatial rules surged into his mind like seawater. The vast amount of information made Qin Yu's head explode.

Qin Yu forcibly blocked the information, and then his soul swam toward the deepest part of the sea of space.

His soul was consumed at a terrifying speed. If it were an ordinary fourth-grade True Saint, his soul would have been completely consumed the moment he entered the sea of rules, let alone entering the sea of space.

In the depths of the sea, countless statues stood erect in the water. They were of different heights and were lifelike.

What surprised Qin Yu was that these statues looked like living people. He could feel their apparent divine sense fluctuations. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

However, Qin Yu only swept a glance at them. He again went dozens of meters deeper.

Seeing half of his soul power being consumed, he suddenly activated the second form of the desolate divine eye.

In an instant, the seawater before his eyes slowly receded and was replaced by billions of rules. Under the gaze of the second form of the desolate divine eye, billions of spatial rules slowly receded again.

A massive rune slowly appeared at the bottom of the sea.

The moment the rune appeared, Qin Yu felt a tremendously furious will suddenly explode. He did not know how long that will had survived.

Qin Yu only glanced at it and immediately felt his body could not help but kneel. This was a restriction in the depths of his soul, and it was not something he could control at all.

His soul was instantly covered in cracks, and his true body far away in the Yan family suddenly trembled.

A layer of blood slowly seeped out of his eyes, corners of his mouth, ears, and even the skin of his entire head. He looked tremendously terrifying.

The moment the rune was revealed, the millions of statues suddenly knelt slowly.

The scene was very eerie. In the divine sea of space, where there was not even light, innumerable statues suddenly knelt.

A thick layer of fog seemed hidden around the rune. Even Qin Yu's second form of the desolate divine eye could not see it clearly. He only had time to glance at it before he left in a hurry.

In an instant, the rune was again covered by billions of lines of rules, and then countless seawater flooded the entire Sea of Soul.

Qin Yu instantly felt his soul carrying a mountain on his back. He gritted his teeth and only floated up a short distance, but it made him feel exhausted and unable to leave.

His soul, bound by an iron chain of rules, was about to be pulled into the deep sea.

At this moment, in the space of the Sumeru ring, a hundred Heavenly Deity Pills were burned into medicinal qi and then surged into Qin Yu's body through his fingertips.

In an instant, a tremendously pure soul power surged into his soul.

Qin Yu finally had the strength to struggle. He used all the power of the soul and rushed into the water.

Then he sensed the location of his true body, and his soul instantly returned.

"Splurt!"

Qin Yu spat a mouthful of blood and took out several bottles of Heavenly Deity Pills.

He poured dozens of the pills into his mouth as if they were free of charge. If anyone were to witness this, their jaws would surely drop in astonishment.

This kind of divine pill could heal soul injuries by just taking one.novelfullbook top update place. However, Qin Yu ate them like eating beans.

The terrifying medicinal power continuously healed Qin Yu's soul injuries and slowly repaired the cracks in the two divine sense figurines.

"Fortunately, I made it in time!"

Elder Guai was sweating profusely. Before Qin Yu left, Qin Yu had already communicated with him to immediately burn the Heavenly Deity Pill to replenish his soul power once he noticed something wrong with Qin Yu's true body. This was how he managed to pull Qin Yu back at the last moment.

Otherwise, his soul would forever sink into the Sea of the Path of Heaven.

At this moment, in another place in the Yan family.

Yan Guyun suddenly appeared in Yan Tianshi's room.

"You sensed it too? Something seems to have happened to the sea of space. At this moment, the sea of space is in a violent storm. It seems that the Path of Heaven is furious. My mark in the sea of space is also in danger."

Yan Guyun looked solemn.

Many cultivators deeply connected to the spatial rules could feel the wrath of the Path of Heaven in their souls.

That night was destined to be sleepless.

After a long time, the surging waves extended from the soul gradually disappeared.

...

On Qin Yu's side, he also took about three full days before his soul was repaired.

If not for the terrifying effects of the Heavenly Deity Pill, he would probably have to take a year and a half to recover from this injury. Qin Yu stood up, feeling a pang of pain.

Any one of these pills was a tremendously top-grade ninth-grade pill.

This time, he had wasted hundreds of Heavenly Deity Pills for this test. Now, his reserves were almost exhausted.

"Did you make it?"

Elder Guai asked from the Sumeru ring.

"I'm not sure. That primordial rune is extremely blurry. Even the second form of the desolate divine eye can't see them clearly. However, at that instant, there was a vague memory."

Qin Yu responded to Elder Guai while he continued deducing the rune in his hand, trying to replicate it.

"It's a rare achievement. In my inherited memories, the primordial runes are the foundation of the trillions of rules. Only extremely mighty realm cultivators could see a bit of it. You're considered extremely lucky to be able to see that rune." Elder Guai exclaimed.

"Yes, I can sense it too. The deduction of this primordial rune is extremely terrifying. Even just the outline of it consumes a terrifying amount of chaotic energy. Even my Glazed Holy Body can't withstand this consumption."