Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2382 Leaving

With each step, the pace seemed to become increasingly difficult to maintain.

The air in the entire space seemed frozen, forcing Yan Ruoxue to freeze and stay.

Numerous lines of rules appeared in Qin Yu's hand and intertwined with Yan Guyun's spatial qi.

Step by step, the two figures intertwined as they moved.

The sound of glass shattering made the cultivators of the Yan family feel like their teeth were aching.

The time these few steps had taken gave everyone from the Yan family a feeling of suffocation.

It was as if the space in front of them was spinning and blurry. It was the confrontation between the spatial rules of the two.

Qin Yu trembled, and a surge of spatial qi suddenly rebounded onto his body. However, Wu Ji's Meridian Circulation Technique moved slightly, and that energy turned into pure energy and entered his body.

"You do have some skills, but not enough."

Yan Guyun smiled.

Yan Ruoxue was surprised. Yan Guyun had the upper hand in this battle, but Qin Yu was not far behind.

This kind of achievement was incredibly astonishing. Yan Guyun was considered the second most powerful person in the family. Not only could he enter and exit the Immortal Emperor Space at any time, but he also had unlimited resources.

As for Qin Yu, he came from purgatory, and everyone knew the Way of Rules there was incomplete.

However, these thoughts only flashed through Yan Ruoxue's mind momentarily. Staring at Qin Yu with her beautiful eyes, she actually did not know what Qin Yu would do next.

"I want to hold your hand and walk out of this Yan family, telling everyone in this Holy Region that I'm taking you out of this Yan family honorably and with dignity."

Qin Yu said softly, with a firm determination in his tone.

"Are you willing? Ruoxue."

"Yes, I'm."

Yan Ruoxue nodded. She understood that Qin Yu wanted to make a last-ditch attempt.

Her face revealed a determined expression. Even if she died, she would leave the Yan family.

At the final step of leaving the Yan family, Yan Guyun suddenly appeared in front of him.

The Holy Lord of the Yan family and the Si family had already reached an agreement. If he allowed them to go hand in hand, there would be many more changes to the marriage.

"Take another step forward, and you'll die!"

Yan Guyun's voice was cold.

Qin Yu stepped forward, and his eyes met Yan Guyun's. Behind him, 81 celestial warriors formed instantly.

This time, under Yan Guyun's control, these celestial warriors seemed to have broken through some shackles. The qi on their bodies burst even more intensely.

"Slash!"

The celestial warriors shouted in unison.

Almost instantly, the divine weapons of the 81 celestial warriors slashed at his back simultaneously.

Yan Guyun walked lightly and swiftly behind Qin Yu and gathered the power of rules with his fingers before slashing down suddenly.

Golden blood splattered on Qin Yu's back, and a terrifying scratch cut open the skin on his back, revealing a massive wound.

"This slash is to repay the Yan family on behalf of Yan Ruoxue. From now on, she has nothing to do with the Yan family anymore."

Qin Yu spat a mouthful of blood and pulled Yan Ruoxue out of the Yan family.

The Traceless Immortal Scripture in his body circulated frantically, absorbing a large amount of offensive spiritual energy into his body. But even so, this attack had made him suffer a considerable injury. "Who do you think you are? You want our Yan family's Saintess to cut ties with us with just one sentence?"

Yan Tianlong laughed out loud and said.

Yan Guyun did not say anything. He raised his hands high.

Lightning flashed in the sky, and countless gusts of stormy wind blew on the spot. A terrifying internal qi suddenly descended on the Yan family.

The internal qi emitted was like a gale that surged wildly in all directions. This violent burst of wind instantly reduced innumerable rocks and mountains to powder.

A pagoda slowly took shape on the ground.

The Divine Destiny Tower!

It was the celestial artifact that Yan Tianshi used in his battle with Lei Xin.

Unexpectedly, the second time he used it was targeting Qin Yu.

Suddenly, an arm was placed on Yan Guyun's shoulder. Yan Tianshi shook his head.

"It's too dangerous to activate this tower with your current strength. A slight negligence will cause your power to exceed the limits of the Path of Heaven.n0velfulIbo0k top update place When the Heavenly Punishment descends, I'm afraid the Yan family will vanish without a trace. Don't worry. This kid can't take Yan Ruoxue away."

Yan Tianshi said calmly.

His body emitted a mysterious internal qi at this point. His cultivation seemed to have advanced again in the past ten days or so.

Yan Guyun's face was cold as he slowly withdrew the Divine Destiny Pogoda.

"The Golden Path of Heaven about to descend. Even the patriarchs can't predict the development of the situation this time. However, opportunity also lies in crisis. It has been a long time since a supreme expert of the human race last emerged. Perhaps there's an opportunity now."

Yan Tianshi handed over a bottle emitting a highly vigorous chaotic qi.

"This is a drop of Si Shiyue's blood essence. If you merge it with your body, it will have an immense reaction with the Tianming Bloodline. You might comprehend even more power of the way.

"What Tianlong said earlier might be true. This Qin Yu's blood essence isn't bad either. This kid's talent is terrifying, and he only suffered injuries after taking a blow from my Yan family's formation with his physical strength. If we can obtain all the blood essence, our Yan family's strength will definitely soar."

Yan Tianshi stared at Qin Yu. As the second-in-command, he had managed the Yan family to this point. Naturally, he was not a

"The nine great aristocratic families have an agreement. This time, Ni Wuxiao is dead, and I heard the Ni family has mobilized Ni Qian of the Ni family, even the celestial artifact, the Ni Temple of Heaven, and all the family elites to capture Qin Yu. When the time comes, we'll just need to think of a way to obtain some blood essence."

"Even that lunatic Ni Qian has come out. This kid is too arrogant and has indeed caused a tremendous disaster!"

Yan Guyun shook his head and said.

"Little b*stard Qin Yu! Come out and die!"

A furious linen-robed elder appeared and roared.

He was Ni Wuxiao's cousin, Ni Qian. He was also a Peak of True Saint cultivator, and his talent was even higher than Ni Wuxiao's. "The Palm of the Radiant Moon!"

A palm, carrying the power to destroy the heavens and earth, directly slapped Qin Yu's head. At this moment, that palm seemed to have carried the true power of the bright moon. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The area ten meters away from his body turned into night. The stars in the night sky accompanied the bright moon on the left and right.

It was a phenomenon when one had comprehended the rules to a certain extent. Previously, even Ni Wuxiao did not have such a profound comprehension.

Qin Yu received the Palm of the Radiant Moon directly, and the moonlight suddenly spread throughout his body.

In the vast expanse of space, one could feel the power of the stars and the bright moon.

Qin Yu sneered and directly absorbed the power into his body to replenish some spiritual energy.

Under the suppression of the Path of Heaven, only those who could comprehend the extremely pure power of rules could unleash greater destructive power, just like Yan Guyun.

Otherwise, his Glazed Holy Body was invincible in the current Path of Heaven. As long as it was intact, he could use the Traceless Immortal Scripture to transform it into his strength.

"Qin Yu!"

Yan Ruoxue's face was full of disbelief. She finally believed, at this moment, that they could leave the Yan family.