Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2383 The Ethereal Mirage

"Great! You do have some skills. I want to see if you can withstand this move of mine."

Ni Qian laughed in fury. He raised both hands toward the sky.

The power of moonlight entered both his hands. The clothes on his body billowed, his muscles swelled with a cracking sound, and his bones slowly extended. In the span of a few breaths, he became a giant dozens of meters tall.

He floated in the air, surrounded by countless small stars.

He seemed to have turned into a real giant star and moon at this moment. The power of the bright moon surrounding him was many times more concentrated than Ni Wuxiao.

Even though Qin Yu had cultivated the Glazed Holy Body, he dared not be negligent. This power seemed to be able to harm his body, and he suddenly manifested the cosmic form.

The Ethereal Mirage!

Ni Qian placed two fingers on his forehead, and spiritual energy suddenly erupted.

"Ni Qian has actually mastered the strongest technique of the Ni family's immortal scripture. It's something no one could master for thousands of years."

"This technique consists of four variations. It's mysterious and profound!"

The people from the aristocratic families nearby discussed animatedly, and their faces were full of shock.

Even Yan Guyun was shocked as if he had seen the power of this technique before.

The rule of water was to use the power of gentleness to win against the strong.

The rule of the mirror was to use the power of reflection and replication to connect with heaven and earth.

The rule of flower encompassed illusions, poison techniques, and even the power of blooming and withering, the power of years, and the power of time.

As for the rule of the moon, the Si family's immortal scripture's power of origin, the power of the moon, had communicated with it and condensed their own moon at the same time.

The four rules intertwined, and in an instant, a massive mirror slowly appeared in the air.

With the mirror as the center, a massive barrier suddenly unfolded.

The surrounding cultivators seemed to have sensed the murderous intent and suddenly retreated.

The mirror's surface rippled like water, reflecting various falling flowers and flowing water.

"Boom!"

Ni Qian struck out with his palm again. This time, his palm smashed into the mirror world directly.

In an instant, tens of thousands of palms suddenly appeared in this barrier.

Each palm carried an intense aura of the bright moon, and various illusions surrounded it, making people find it difficult to deal with. The internal qi of each palm was at its peak. The nearly ten thousand palm of the Radiant Moon reflected by the Ethereal Mirage were all at their peak.

"Boom!"

In the span of two breaths, thousands of palm prints bombarded Qin Yu's body one after another. Even if he dodged, it was in vain. After reflections, the palm shadows would still blast his body. Otherwise, they would constantly bounce back within the barrier.

Qin Yu hugged Yan Ruoxue and covered his body with the Singularity Space, allowing tens of thousands of palms to land on his body.

In just a breath, despite a powerful array formation protecting this place, the earth moved, and the mountains shook.

The entire world seemed going to collapse. It was a true strike from the heavens. Using the Ethereal Mirage to multiply his attack by tens of thousands of times was even more powerful than the power of the tribulation.

Ni Qian Xu floated in the air, gazing at the earth-shaking ground like a god of war.

The atmosphere in the surroundings suddenly turned solemn. All the people from the aristocratic families instantly began to prepare themselves to plunder Qin Yu's things. Whoever had Qin Yu's corpse would have the greater right to speak.

At this moment, no one had thought Qin Yu was still alive under this attack.

"Hahaha! I had climbed the stairway to heaven on Earth with a heavily injured body, placed myself in the hottest lava with my physical strength, faced Nightmare at the realm of fourth grade, and even survived against the Vermilion Bird. What makes you think that you can kill me with this attack?"

Qin Yu carried Yan Ruoxue and slowly walked out of the dust. His body was covered in blood, suffering severe injuries, but this did not stop him from standing up.

"It's my turn now!"

Qin Yu put Yan Ruoxue down.

??

He arrived before Ni Qian with a single step, and countless fist shadows with a heaven-destroying force fiercely smashed onto Ni Qian's body.

Instantly, Ni Qian's face turned red, and he spat out seven or eight mouthfuls of blood.

He had just unleashed the Ethereal Mirage attack, and his body was already at its weakest. At this moment, each of Qin Yu's punches had the power of half-step heavenly might, and he was completely powerless to block it.

"B*stard, get lost! Ni Temple of Heaven!"

A furious figure got up and punched Qin Yu directly.

A transparent crystal suddenly enlarged and instantly turned into a massive temple. It seemed like a real world. Qin Yu's divine sense swept through it, and he seemed to have seen numerous figures living inside.

The temple carried a profound and ethereal celestial aura. It also carried its own rules.

The temple was thrown out along with the strike of a fist shadow. It slowly floated in the air and smashed toward Qin Yu.

The terrifying internal qi made Qin Yu feel the shadow of death. His body instantly tensed up and the Glazed Holy Body flickered with light. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

A vast amount of chaotic qi erupted on his body like a tornado. The chaotic vital energy surged into Suo Lin Divine Artifact at its peak. This was the ultimate chaotic qi that had been compressed by the Bead of Chaos in his dantian and the Glazed Holy Body.

"Nine by nine becoming one!"

Eighty-one giant fire dragons instantly formed, and each fire dragon emitted a terrifying dragon's might.

"Boom!"

The moment the two clashed, destructive flames and the aura of the world's rules erupted.

In an instant, hundreds of powerful cultivators were swept into this attack. They did not even have time to scream before they turned into the most primitive dust particles.

The 81 fire dragons lowered their heads slightly and stared at Ni Temple of Heaven.

This scene shook the souls of many cultivators.

This was the foundation of an aristocratic family. Although it was restricted by the Path of Heaven, it was still the strongest attack.n0velfulIbo0k top update place How could it be blocked by someone who had no aristocratic family background? Everyone felt like they were living in a dream.

If Teng Zixu could resist this attack, maybe many people could still accept it.

"You're courting death. You want to compare a tribulation divine artifact with my Ni family's celestial artifact!"

Ni Qian was going crazy at this moment. Three massive drops of blood suddenly appeared before him.

They suddenly dripped on the Ni Temple of Heaven. The temple burst out with seven-colored rainbow lights again. The sound of chanting scriptures, the noise of the market, and the sound of children reciting came from the temple.

At this moment, the Ni Temple of Heaven seemed to have turned into a real world.

The seven-colored light forcefully pushed away the suppression of the Path of Heaven by a fist's distance, and a vast world power erupted again.

This power far surpassed Teng Zixu's Borrowing Power from the Heavens. Instantly, the fire dragon let out a wail as its massive body was suppressed underneath the Ni Temple of Heaven.

"You scoundrels of the Ni Clan have been scheming against me since I entered the Holy Region. You even went against your word and ambushed me before I left. Do the bunch of rodents like you think you can kill me?"

Qin Yu was like a demon god, unleashing an unrivaled domineering aura between his fists and kicks. Tens of thousands of punches and kicks instantly bombarded Ni Temple of Heaven.

However, the gap between the two was too big. The Ni Temple of Heaven pushing away the aura of the Path of Heaven had erupted with the true power of tribulation.