2384 Chaos, Annihilation of All Things

The difference in power between the two was like heaven and earth, the moon and the stars.

No matter how many punches and kicks he threw, he could not resist at all.

"You have a sharp tongue. Even if you grow ten more mouths today, you will die. I will definitely hang your corpse in the most smelly and filthy place and let you stay there for ten thousand years!"

Ni Qian laughed maniacally and activated the Ni Temple of Heaven with the people of the Ni family again, wanting to crush Qin Yu into a meat patty.

Yan Ruoxue's internal qi erupted, but Qin Yu stopped it.

"Ruoxue, don't worry. I will definitely bring you out of the Yan family with my power!"

"Qin Yu, I believe you. If you can't take this strike today, I, Yan Ruoxue, will accompany you!"

Yan Ruoxue's eyes were well up with tears. She seemed to be seeing Qin Yu when she first saw him, that weak but relentless man.

"Boom!"

The 81 fire dragons could not withstand the pressure and suddenly exploded into a sea of fire in the sky.

In front of the temple, only Qin Yu was left.

A man with a temple, one person was against a world.

Qin Yu gently reached out his hand and slowly touched the Ni Temple of Heaven. Just like old friends hitting their hands, the moment they exchanged strikes, the surging wind exploded like flying swords.

The power of the world suddenly exploded and blasted on Qin Yu's arm.

"Drip!"

In his body, the three drops of black liquid of chaotic qi and demonic qi suddenly enlarged, and one drop dripped into Qin Yu's dantian.

"Thump!"

Almost everyone could hear a heavy thud of heartbeat coming from Qin Yu's body.

It was like the sound of the heartbeat of a giant dragon, making people feel like a sleeping dragon had woken up.

The terrifying power of Primordial Chaos suddenly erupted in his dantian and instantly washed over to the various parts of Qin Yu's body.

Under the cosmic form, his body suddenly expanded more than twice its size. These were the three drops of mixed demon liquid he had obtained from refining the demonic qi. Previously, when he refined a trace of demonic qi, an explosion would occur in his body.

He only obtained these three drops after refining countless amounts of demonic qi and the pure demonic qi he had obtained from the offering.

Each drop was equivalent to hundreds of thousands of wisps of demonic qi, and the terrifying explosion was caused by the fusion of the demonic qi and the chaotic qi.

Qin Yu did not know if his Glazed Holy Body could withstand the violent force.

Half of the bones in the Glazed Holy Body were instantly covered in cracks when the immense force transmitted to them.

A force that was hundreds of times stronger circulated within Qin Yu's body. A terrifying force surged toward the arm that was pushing the temple forward.

The glazed light on his arm flickered and even suppressed the light of the temple in an instant.

"Boom!"

The main hall's speed suddenly slowed down a little, and the entire space emitted an ear-piercing friction sound.

It was the sound produced by the friction between the trillions of power of a world and space. Such an immense power would cause a tremendous spatial tremor even if it only changed its direction slightly.

"I call this technique 'Chaos, Annihilation of All Things!""

A terrifying force erupted from Qin Yu's hand. This force had far exceeded the limit of the Path of Heaven.

Therefore, Qin Yu suppressed this magical force and controlled it within his body.

Otherwise, once it leaked out, he would suffer the backlash of the Path of Heaven.

The chaotic magical force clashed with the celestial artifact.

Their frictions in space caused massive sparks, and deep spatial ravines were pulled out at the edge of the hall.

Qin Yu's arm suddenly shattered, but the Ni Temple of Heaven slowed down at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Finally, the Ni Temple of Heaven crashed into Qin Yu's body, leaving an enormous wound on his chest.

However, Ni Temple of Heaven stopped moving forward. It spun and became the size of a finger before entering the head of the Ni family head.

"What?"

Almost everyone's eyes were wide open in an instant. The Ni family's celestial artifact was blocked by one strike.

A celestial artifact could unleash an attack that exceeded the limit. It was much more terrifying than that monster race divine general.

However, Qin Yu had relied on the strength of his physical body to block it. If Qin Yu also had a celestial artifact in his hand, they might not be so shocked.

Everyone fell into a dead silence. Even Yan Tianshi, the strongest cultivator under Yan Tianming, was surprised. He did not expect Qin Yu to be so outstanding.

"It must be the treasure of the Jee family on him or the coffin that protected him. Otherwise, he couldn't have withstood it."

"This kid has too many supreme treasures on him. We must kill him. These supreme treasures belong to the entire human race!"

Some people felt that this was not Qin Yu's strength.

"Junior, so what if you relied on your treasures to withstand our attack? The power of an aristocratic family is not something you can imagine."

In an instant, another five Ni family elders with powerful internal qi suddenly attacked.

Yan Ruoxue's sleeves were like vipers as she waved them. In an instant, the five flew back at an even faster speed.

"Sir Yan, this..."

A few of them stared at Yan Tianshi.

"Ruoxue, come back!"

Yan Guyun said coldly. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"I, Yan Ruoxue, will leave the Yan family today. From now on, I will have nothing to do with the Yan family of the Holy Region."

Yan Ruoxue said coldly. She stared at Yan Guyun, her tone unyielding.

"Yan Ruoxue, how many resources did the Yan family give you? Are you turning your back on us and betraying the Yan family now?"

Yan Tianlong stared at Yan Ruoxue with a murderous look. The Saintess of the Yan family wanted to sever ties with the Yan family. If word got out, it would be a joke to the world.

"Betray? What a joke. After I, Yan Ruoxue, entered the Yan family, I discovered 70 mystic realms, or so, with my own strength and handed them all over to the family.Products at n0veIfullb00k. I entered the depths of the Azure Rock Forest alone, killed countless demons, and obtained countless demon cores, not to mention that I've participated in at least 50% of the family's life and death missions. As for you, Yan Tianlong, what contribution have you made to the family?"

Yan Ruoxue seemed to have known that this day would come. She listed things one after another, leaving everyone in the Yan family speechless.

"Even today, you, Yan Tianshi, still want to sell me like a commodity. What's the point of me staying in this family?"

Yan Ruoxue's words completely tore off the veil covering the Yan family's shame.

"Impudent!"

Yan Guyun was furious and grabbed Yan Ruoxue with his palm.

As this palm landed, the surrounding spatial rules were completely distorted.

Even time seemed to have frozen. Qin Yu and Yan Ruoxue found it tremendously difficult to even move.

Qin Yu's Glazed Holy Body's strength erupted again, shattering the spatial seal.

A palm suddenly met his opponent's, and the spatial qi in Yn Guyun's hand exploded.

An immensely pure spatial power bloomed in his palm like a rose, cutting into Qin Yu's arm by one-third.

"What a terrifying Glazed Holy Body. If you accumulate it for decades, I might be helpless against you. But today, I will definitely kill you here."

Yan Guyun's palm was stained with Qin Yu's blood, and he said indifferently.