Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2411 Ghostly Sword Evil Eye

Ji Ao held the Ghostly Sword Evil Eye with both hands. His entire body was trembling as if he was suffering great pain.

Above his head, an ancient bronze coin released a cold light. The light fell on the evil eye and suppressed its power.

The instant he held the ghostly sword with both hands, his entire body erupted with a vast amount of energy. This energy was somewhat similar to the power of the ghost race, but the instant it appeared, Qin Yu felt it of an emperor.

That feeling was similar to the power of that blurry primordial rune he comprehended. Just the internal qi alone it emitted almost made Qin Yu’s soul sink into a quagmire. He wanted to retreat to avoid this power, but his soul seemed to have been trapped in boundless ghostly qi and could not move.

Qin Yu’s face was full of shock. The power of the internal qi alone had made him unmovable.

Ji Ao’s hair stood on end, and his pupils seemed to have two flickering ghostly flames.

The ghostly qi on his body was as if deeply rooted and slowly drifting, and the air was filled with the sound of snakes hissing.

The scarecrow, the Soul-hunting Bell, and the bone of Fengdu had finally been refined successfully after absorbing all the bloodlines of the Great Xia Royal Family and many years of sacrifices made by the Ji family.

“Hahaha!”

Ji Ao, grabbing the ghostly sword, landed on the ground. A layer of black water seemed to be rippling at where he landed.

He casually waved his hand, and the green sword energy instantly arrived.

The green sword energy spread like a flashlight in the massive sword aurora.

In the sword aurora, there seemed to be another world within.

Qin Yu saw many blurry shadows. Those shadows were twisting and roaring, and each seemed frantically trying to break free.

The utmost power of ghostly qi arrived on Qin Yu’s body and cut his flesh.

This tremendously pure ghostly qi was as fearless as a sharp blade.

However, what tremendously terrified Qin Yu was there seemed to be a guiding force on the saber qi.

In an instant, Qin Yu felt his soul being pulled by an extreme force. This force made him feel like a child facing a sumo wrestler in a tug-of-war.

Half of Qin Yu’s soul was pulled out. He felt like he was swimming in the Sea of Soul.

However, he was now being forcefully pulled by an external force. If his soul really went out, he would probably be like boundless water, directly destroyed by the sword energy.

Desolate divine eye!

Qin Yu’s golden pupils stared at the sword energy, focusing on the connection points of the countless ways of ghostly qi.

A palm suddenly blasted out.

The primordial rune!

A tremendous vibration spread between the palm and the sword qi, but there was not a single tremor.

All the terrifying power of the primordial rune seemed to have transmitted into the ghost realm. The sword energy and the primordial rune disappeared along with the fluctuations.

Qin Yu’s body went back into his body, and an extreme sense of weakness almost made him sit on the ground.

The power of the primordial rune had far surpassed his cultivation realm.

Using this layer of power continuously made his body and soul somewhat unable to bear the burden.

“The sword energy could actually shake off the evil eye. You really live up to the reputation of a genius. Unfortunately, you’ve encountered this sword.”

Ji Ao’s face was filled with madness. He looked at the ghostly sword as if he was looking at his true love.

“Do you know how many generations of the Ji family had poured their heart and soul into this sword? We could only secretly assassinate the royal family members and offer them as sacrifices to the evil eye. Over the long years, we could only patiently wait for the curse to erode the royal bloodline, causing the members of the Great Xia Royal Family to die off one by one. We couldn’t allow anyone to notice even the slightest bit, and finally, in my generation, this day has come.”

He laughed crazily. In the flickering green light of the ghostly sword, Ji Ao looked like a demon from hell.

“Are over 500,000 people grass in your eyes?”

Qin Yu wiped the blood from the corners of his mouth and asked softly as he sat on the ground.

Another surge of murky black blood gushed out. It was the power of the curse that Ji Yuyi had used to attack him. At this moment, it had already spread to the depths of his soul, causing Qin Yu’s body to feel weak.

“500,000 people, you’ve underestimated Emperor Fengdu. His bones were filled with the souls of tens of millions of living beings before they were repaired, and he even used the soul fire of 100 million people to forge it into a sword body. Do you know how difficult it was?”

Ji Ao rubbed the blade with his face obsessively, allowing the sharp edge to cut his face until it was covered in blood.

Even if the sword body did not move, it still emitted a deep and green world. In that world, countless resentful souls were howling miserably and suffering endless torture.

“What Dean Lei has said is right. Perhaps we don’t need the invasion of the alien race. We human race can exterminate ourselves.”

Qin Yu sat on the ground in a daze. At this moment, he seemed to have difficulty even opening his eyelids.

“What the hell does Lei Xin know? The human race needs a ruler to lead them out of this predicament. Otherwise, it will only repeat the cycle of self-destruction endlessly. It’s a sword that can change the entire situation of the world. Qin Yu, it is your honor to become a part of this ghostly sword today. I will let you see the most formidable strike of this ghostly sword.”

Ji Ao stepped forward, and in an instant, his hair stood up.

The evil eye in his hand suddenly expanded, and the giant scarecrow stared blankly ahead with hollow eyes.

The scarecrow shook the bell, and the sound of the bell grew increasingly louder.

In the end, it was actually like striking a drum, and the green-black power emitted a soul-guiding power like a lighthouse.

That power enveloped the entire Sky City.

Whoosh! The power of the ghost realm?

A sword light instantly arrived, and his eyes stared at the Sky City surrounded by the green-black power of hell in shock.

A magnificent sword light slashed out tentatively.

However, the power of hell merely rippled a few times before it flew toward Teng Zixu instead.

“Retreat!”

Teng Zixu’s expression changed drastically, and he retreated even faster.

The eyes of tens of millions of people in the entire Sky City, the ordinary people and the cultivators, instantly lost their luster. Some people were working hard while some were waiting for the harvest. Some people were waiting at the intersection for their children to return home, while some families of several members were shopping on the bustling street.

In an instant, those people turned into walking corpses in a breath.

Tens of millions of souls instantly entered into the ghostly sword.

The Way of Yin and Yang!

In the evil eye of the ghostly sword, black and white sword energy swept out like an endless sea of clouds.

A streak of sword energy slashed out, and the black and white sword energy suddenly transformed into the Way of Yin and Yang.

The white passage was filled with countless vengeful spirits of the human race. Billions of vengeful spirits were surging over with overwhelming power.

The black passage was the path the ghostly sword evil eye used to connect to the lowest level of the Path of Heaven. Unlike humans, the ghost realm needed to reach the lowest level of the Path of Heaven and comprehend the most profound dao technique. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

They had to be extremely ferocious and evil, or they would not be able to reach the lowest level of the ghost realm. The moment the evil ghost came out, its scarlet eyes and mouth were like bright red lanterns.