Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2428 Exchange of Benefits

"Qin Yu has obtained the Immortal Emperor Lei's heart and can now use part of Evil Eye's power. This will bring great combat strength to Thunder Courtyard in the future."

Flower Granny stood beside Hua Qianjie and said carefully.

She and Lei Xin understood that if they were to make a mistake in this discussion, Qin Yu would be doomed.

"Martial Uncles, I swear with my life that Qin Yu, as my disciple, is a rare and reliable person in Thunder Courtyard. In the future, if Thunder Courtyard is in danger, this child will be our reliable support. Moreover, his talent is rare. Martial Uncles also have relevant information. Qin Yu is also the Guardian's son."

Lei Xin also spoke up. From the current situation, it should be considered optimistic.

Hua Qianjie and Hua Zhikong were inclined to take Qin Yu's things, while Lei Qingye, Lei Huan, and Lei Li did not express their opinions. Therefore, Lei Xin and Flower Granny quickly told everyone about Qin Yu's functions.

"If that Guardian was still alive, there's no need to say anything. However, he seemed to have backfired on the Path of Heaven. Although I can still faintly sense a trace of his internal qi, I think he's not far from vanishing."

Lei Qingye said indifferently. At his level, he could sense even the slightest change in the Path of Heaven, let alone a great change in the Path of Heaven like the Guardian's backlash.

"Eldest Brother is right. Furthermore, Qin Yu's reputation is notorious. He has killed a large number of talented humans in purgatory and is considered a mortal enemy of the nine great aristocratic families. He has also fought with the chosen one, Teng Zixu, several times and even killed someone in front of him. If we were to keep such a person in Thunder Courtyard, would everyone think other aristocratic families and the Teng family would work with Thunder Courtyard with this person around?"

Hua Zhikong sneered and said. He gave everyone some time to think before continuing. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"Furthermore, there is sufficient intelligence to say that this child has long known Immortal Crane of the demon race. Perhaps he is a pawn that Immortal Crane has placed among the humans."

Three days had passed, and the discussion was still not concluded. It was ultimately a very realistic issue. On one hand, it was Qin Yu's display of strength and the future reputation of Thunder Courtyard.

On the other hand, the Heart of Thunder on Qin Yu's body could be taken away once he died.

The Xuanyuan Sword, the ghostly sword, the items left behind by the Ji and Jee families, the Coffin of Nine Lifetimes, Wu Ji's inheritance, and the son of the Guardian.

Lei Qingye and the others were also exceptionally talented, so they naturally had their own thoughts of pride and ego.

If it were during ordinary times, no matter how talented one was, they would not have such thoughts.

However, with the invasion of the alien races, any of these things could significantly increase the strength of Thunder Courtyard. Therefore, it was rare for them to remain silent.

"Tell Qin Yu to take out the Xuanyuan Sword and the Coffin of Nine Lifetimes. He has already obtained the inheritance of the Immortal Emperor of our Thunder Courtyard. These two things are for exchange."?

Lei Qingye said softly after a long silence.

The moment he spoke, it meant he had determined.

Even Hua Qianjie dared not say anything, afraid that his eldest brother would feel disgusted.

Lei Xin and Flower Granny looked at each other and heaved a sigh of relief.

Although it was not as perfect as they had imagined, this outcome was considered not bad.

"Get Qin Yu to come over to Flower Peak now."

Flower Granny sent a voice transmission to summon a Flower Peak disciple. She secretly instructed her to explain the situation to Qin Yu in advance in case Qin Yu found it hard to accept.

"I'll go there. There's no need to go through so much trouble."

With a massive sound wave, Hua Zhikong had already left like a stream of light.

"Boom!"

"Qin Yu, come out."

He suddenly appeared on the Demon-slaying Peak amidst the tremendous qi energy.

He did not bother to inform them about his arrival. He straightaway used the Sound Roaring Technique to spread it throughout the entire Demon-slaying Peak.

Some disciples who were cultivating were suddenly affected by this massive Sound Roaring Technique. Many suddenly felt the qi

energy in their bodies go chaotic and spat out blood.

Some cultivators were even affected by this roar while comprehending the sea of rules. Their divine senses suddenly fell into the boundless sea of the Path of Heaven and could no longer return. After that, they suddenly roared as if they had gone crazy.

"Who's shouting at Demon-Ssaying Peak?!"

The peak master suddenly appeared in front of Hua Zhikong. He came so fast that even the disciples on guard did not have time to react.

"I want to ask you instead. How dare you to talk to me in such a manner?"

Hua Zhikong, already full of anger, his face immediately revealed a ferocious expression when he saw someone dare to question him. With a slight movement of his hand, peach blossoms danced in the sky.

In the blink of an eye, the seasons changed. As the illusion technique revolved, the peach blossom turned into a sharp blade and cut a massive wound on the peak master's body.

The peach blossoms that filled the sky fell. After one attack, they wanted to completely kill the peak master's soul.

The peak master's expression changed drastically. He finally saw that it was Hua Zhikong, but he did not expect him to kill him completely after a strike. He closed his eyes in despair.

"Boom!"

The peach blossoms that filled the sky instantly lit up with black flames and fell one after another.

The scene of peach blossoms in full bloom during the Spring Festival suddenly disappeared. Qin Yu appeared in front of the peak master and said softly.

"Martial Uncle, you came here late at night. What's the matter?" "I really don't know how a b*stard like you can survive until now."

Hua Zhikong said with a cold smile. No one was around thus he was too lazy to put on an act.

"Qin Yu, I'm alright. I didn't see Martial Uncle that came just now, thus the misunderstanding."

The peak master hurriedly explained, afraid that Qin Yu would explode.

"Martial Uncle hasn't said anything yet." Qin Yu handed the peak master a Sacred Spirit Pill and nodded at him.

"Of course, I have something to tell you. Come with me immediately."

Seeing Qin Yu's attitude, he could not find an excuse to make a fuss.

The two soon arrived at Flower Peak.

Seeing Qin Yu arrive at Flower Peak, Flower Nanny immediately told Qin Yu about the discussion they had just had tactfully.

Qin Yu clenched his fists. He felt a surge of energy filling his chest as if it were about to explode at any moment.

Since the return of these ancestors, he thought that he had been humble to the extreme. He did not expect them to pressure him again and again.

Flower Granny and Lei Xin even stared at him with an expression of pleading. Qin Yu saw the two acting like parents, and his surging

rage slowly dissipated.

"Martial Uncles and Grandmasters, Lei Xin and Flower Granny have indeed done me a great favor. However, I have yet to obtain the Xuanyuan Sword. Moreover, this is a precious treasure left behind by the ancestors of the Jee family. Even if I have obtained it, I have no right to dispose of it. As for the Coffin of Nine Lifetimes, I'll do as instructed and hand it over to Thunder Courtyard."

Qin Yu said softly.

"Just because you said you haven't obtained it, then you really haven't?" Hua Zhikong sneered.

"I can swear by the Path of Heaven."

Qin Yu did not confirm nor deny Hua Zhikong's words. He looked at Lei Qingye, the true mastermind of Thunder Courtyard in a calm expression.

Hua Qianjie seemed to be very dissatisfied. However, Lei Qingye did not say anything, so she dared not say anything.