Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2429 Nine Dragon Thunder Tribulation

"Qin Yu, the Heart of Thunder is too important to our Thunder Courtyard. If Martial Uncle Qingye can have it, we can advance further, and Thunder Courtyard will have greater combat power during the chaotic times. I hope you can understand the decision made by Martial Uncle and the others."

Lei Xin's looked bitter. He was indeed reluctant to do this.

His feelings toward Qin Yu had always been genuine and thus had been doing his best to help him.

But at this moment, Thunder Courtyard seemed to be exchanging benefits, which Lei Xin found hard to accept.

"I understand, Dean Lei. No matter what, you and Flower Granny are my second parents. I can understand senior martial uncles's difficulties in their considerations."

Looking at the troubled Lei Xin, Qin Yu comforted him instead.

Although the Coffin of Nine Lifetimes was a supreme treasure, how could he protect this dead object and fight with the Lei family's ancestor at this point?

"Boom!"

Amid the conversation, a deafening thunderclap suddenly resounded through heaven and earth.

Countless bolts of lightning shot out from the void on Flower Peak.

The dark night was as bright as day at this moment.

Nine giant thunder dragons hovered above Flower Peak, emanating terrifying bolts of lightning, choosing their targets with menacing intent.

"Nine Dragon Thunder Tribulation!"

A Lei family Supreme Elder exclaimed in shock. Nine was the highest number of the Path of Heaven. This Nine Dragon Thunder Tribulation was the most terrifying heavenly tribulation of the Tribulation Transcending Stage.

Just like Immortal Emperor Lei's Ninth Heaven Divine Thunder, it reached the limit of the Path of Heaven when it reached the ninth technique.

The Nine Dragon Thunder Tribulation represented the terrifying talent of a cultivator and could overturn the Path of Heaven. Therefore, the Path of Heaven would send thunder retribution to prevent the cultivator from advancing.

Flower Granny and Lei Xin were not the only shocked ones, and so were the ancestors of the Lei family. When Lei Qingye broke through, he only had the Eight Dragon Thunder Tribulation.

Did this mean Yan Ruoxue's talent was above his?

It had been a long time since the Nine Dragon Thunder Tribulation had appeared in the past few years of the Path of Heaven!

"All disciples of Thunder Courtyard, retreat to a distance of 10,000 feet away from Thunder Courtyard. Otherwise, you will be responsible for your own life and death!"

Lei Qingye's voice rang in everyone's sea of consciousness.

He certainly understood how terrifying the Nine Dragon Thunder Tribulation was. Back then, he even found it tremendously hard to face the Eight Dragon Thunder Tribulation, let alone the even mo powerful Nine Dragon Thunder Tribulation.

"Ruoxue! Are you finally coming out of seclusion?"

Qin Yu's gloomy mood seemed to have dissipated significantly with Ruoxue coming out of seclusion.

"Hahaha, does that mean you can ride on someone's coattails

in the future? You still need to have Ruoxue!"

Chang Mang did not know what the Nine Dragon Thunder Tribulation was, but he could guess how extraordinary it was from everyone's reaction.

Outside Thunder Courtyard, many people who smelled the aura of Nine Dragon Thunder Tribulation had already arrived.

These people all wanted to come over and see who from Thunder Courtyard could trigger the Nine Dragon Thunder Tribulation.

"Everyone is prohibited to approach Thunder Courtyard within 10,000 meters. Otherwise, you'll be killed without mercy!"

Holding the celestial artifact, the Thunder Staff, Lei Xin stood in the air like the God of Thunder.

In the Yan family tens of thousands of miles away, Yan Tianshi stared at the power of the thunder tribulation with a complicated expression and sighed indiscernibly.

Such a genius was pushed away by the Yan family just like that.

"It's the bloodline of Immortal Emperor Tianming. No wonder she has such terrifying talent. What a joke the Yan family actually pushed away such a disciple."

Flower Granny explained Yan Ruxue's situation in detail. Hua Qianjie's eyes flashed with a glimmer of light as if she had a plan.

At this moment, Yan Ruoxue's body slowly floated up, and a snow- white light enveloped her.

Under the illumination of the lightning, she had a peculiar beauty. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

With her graceful figure and beautiful face, she was as dazzling as a fairy.

Many people had looks of admiration on their faces.

Even those cultivators who had lived for a long time had fiery lights in their eyes. For cultivators, the higher their cultivation level, the longer they could live. Therefore, age was generally not a problem for the Dao companion.

"This woman truly exudes an alluring charm!"

Hua Zhikong walked over to his mother's side, his face revealing a fanatical light, eyes resembling a wolf in heat.

Hua Qianjie nodded slightly. She understood her son's mentality.

If it were in the Yan family, it was indeed impossible for Hua Zhikong to get Yan Ruoxue with his talent. However, this was Thunder Courtyard...

"Ruoxue and Qin Yu are childhood sweethearts. The two knew each other before they stepped into the path of cultivation. After this seclusion, Lei Xin and I intend to conduct a wedding ceremony. Both of them are inner disciples of our Thunder Courtyard. It just so happens that we are closer."

Flower Granny noticed Hua Zhikong's expression and frowned slightly, reminding them of the relationship between Ruoxue and Qin Yu.

"Xiaohua, you're wrong. A cultivator's Dao integration has to conform to the will of heaven in order to comprehend the Path of Heaven better. It doesn't involve worldly emotions and love affairs. Otherwise, how could the human race have always stood at the peak of the universe?"

Hua Qianjie frowned and stopped Flower Granny from continuing.

"How can the bloodline of Immortal Emperor Lei be compared to ordinary bloodlines? If she and Qin Yu were, wouldn't it be a waste of such terrifying talent and bloodline?"

The corners of Hua Zhikong's mouth curled up into an evil smile. If he could fuse with the bloodline of Immortal Emperor Tianming, his future would really be unimaginable.

He was born in the current Path of Heaven and was already in the Tribulation Transcending Stage. His talent was also considered top- notch.

Now, it seemed that there was a predestined arrangement by the unknown for him to soar into the sky in the future!

"F*ck you, do you not understand human language? She's my Brother Qin Yu's wife. What are you talking about?"

Chang Mang was furious, unable to suppress his rage any longer.

"How dare you!"

Hua Zhikong said coldly. His palm struck out like a thunderbolt and was about to slap Chang Mang's face.

"Slap!"

Qin Yu precisely grabbed the wrist of his arm, which was as fast as lightning, and stared at him expressionlessly.

"How impudent!"

Several ancestors of the Lei family were about to attack.

However, at this moment, the Nine Dragon Thunder Tribulation suddenly merged into one and struck Yan Ruoxue's head.

Instantly, everyone was attracted by the enormous sound of thunder.

Amidst the enormous thunder, the sound of countless glass shattering exploded.

Even the ground ten thousand meters away tilted dozens of degrees in an instant.

The force of the tremors even distorted the ground.

In this instant, the entire Holy Region heard the deafening sound of thunder.

The gigantic thunder dragon suddenly struck Yan Ruoxue's body. In an instant, the glaring lightning made it impossible to look directly at it.

Even if the power of the soul peeked slightly, it was instantly overwhelmed by the spreading thunder, reaching the true body. After that, the entire soul directly turned into flying ashes. Nearly dozens of cultivators who did not know what was good for them died on the spot in an instant.

The Nine Dragon Thunder Tribulation only lasted for a while before it completely disappeared.

When the lightning disappeared, Yan Ruoxue's long dress fluttered in the wind, and she landed on the top of the Flower Peak like a fairy.

The moment she saw Qin Yu, she immediately revealed a happy smile.

She took a step forward, and the space around her instantly changed. She appeared before Qin Yu.

"Using her body as a space to open nine apertures is truly terrifying!"

Lei Qingye praised her repeatedly.

At this moment, Yan Ruoxue's body had already opened up her own space, completely absorbing the power of the Nine Dragon Thunder Tribulation into her body.