Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2436 Showdown

His divine sense returned to his true body, and the Traceless Immortal Scripture started circulating. An enormous Five Elements and Eight Trigrams spread out in the sea of divine sense, deducing the cause of this situation.

After cultivating the Soul Torment Mind Technique for so long, Qin Yu also vaguely had a comprehension.

It was a spell to communicate with the Path of Heaven of the ghost realm, the Path of Heaven of the soul.

The Way of Soul should also be a powerful force belonging to the Path of Heaven of the ghost realm.

However, while borrowing the power of the Path of Heaven, it would have many effects on the soul, similar to the Ji family's sorcery.

In purgatory, when the Netherworld Mystic Realm emerged, many experts from purgatory had fought with the masked woman.

However, including Qin Yu, five or six out of ten people were directly controlled by the masked woman.

And these people had more or less come into contact with the netherworld cultivation method.

Could it be that as the ghost race cultivated the Path of Heaven deeper, their souls would be under control even more intensely?

Being able to obtain the netherworld cultivation method in the Holy Region, it was hard to say whether it was the masked woman's method or the ghost race's. However, his subsequent cultivation technique was obtained by his father when he entered the ghost realm. The Soul Torment Mind Technique he was currently cultivating seemed to be a complete technique that could reduce the backlash he would suffer.

Although the things his father left behind were not like the Heart of Thunder, they could immediately bring him massive combat strength.

They always played a tremendously crucial role each time.

After he cultivated the Soul Torment Mind Technique, he could now vaguely sense the location of the Path of Heaven of the soul. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

However, that power seemed to be tremendously far away from him. If he were to roam in the sea of rules forcefully, his soul would probably be exhausted before he reached the location.

Qin Yu sat cross-legged on the ground. In an instant, tens of thousands of thoughts flashed through his mind. He wanted to meditate on this ghost race cultivation technique from the beginning. As long as he could pry into its foundation, he could recover Immortal Emperor Yao's other souls and spirits.

Immortal Emperor Yao stood in front of Qin Yu. He waited expressionlessly and did not rush Qin Yu.

The Five Great Emperors slowly disappeared in the air, turning into five rays of light that fused into the Five Elements and Eight Trigrams.

Qin Yu instantly felt his deduction speed increase by a hundredfold.

The results of his countless deductions made his eyes look even more solemn.

He had initially thought that as long as he circulated the Soul Torment Mind Technique, he could slowly recover the Immortal Emperor's soul. However, what he had thought was too simple.

Even the power of a single spirit was the limit of the Soul Torment Mind Technique.

If he wanted to advance further, he could only take more risks.

"Immortal Emperor Yao! Only by lending me a hand can I help you."

Qin Yu blasted out a strand of divine sense and directly smashed into Immortal Emperor Yao's consciousness.

Without hesitation, he released the black Qin Yu suppressed in the soul's acupoint. In an instant, the white of Qin Yu's eyes receded, and his entire eyes turned pitch black.

The boundless power of darkness was like a curtain, slowly pulling out above the Sumeru ring.

In the warm and sunny Sumeru ring, a gloomy and terrifying aura swept out.

The Sumeru ring fused with Qin Yu's soul. Any changes in the soul would directly affect the Sumeru World.

"Hahaha, you actually dare to let me out. I won't go back this time."

The black Qin Yu let out a deafening laugh.

His soul power was at least twice as strong as when he was suppressed. In the acupoints, there was only endless darkness, but he could still stay awake.

During the battle in the Ji family, the power of the curse of the sorcerer tribe that the Northern Underworld Demonic Technique absorbed and the backlash from using Evil Eye had partially entered his soul. At this moment, his soul was even more terrifying.

"Evil Eye, come over here!"

The ghostly qi filled the sky, and the formation that suppressed Evil Eye suddenly shattered into countless spirit lights.

Evil Eye turned into a beam of consciousness and fused into the black Qin Yu's sea of consciousness, causing the black Qin Yu's power to become even stronger.

"You didn't expect this, did you? These things that are most poisonous to you are great nourishment to me. Can you still suppress me?"

Evil Eye was a divine weapon, but it could also evolve into an object of divine sense.

In general, magical artifacts above the saint level could transform into the power of divine sense and fuse with the soul, just like how Suo Lin transformed into the power of consciousness and fused with the soul to defend against soul attacks.

At this moment, Evil Eye could do the same. With the help of Ghostly Sword Evil Eye, the black Qin Yu's aura rose steadily, and it even completely suppressed the golden Qin Yu.

"You can't beat me. It was the same thirty years ago in purgatory, and it's still the same now."

The first time Qin Yu gained the upper hand was by using the method of perishing together to intimidate the black Qin Yu.

After that, he could suppress this divine sense in the Ghost Mansion Mystic Realm and escape the masked woman's control.

"It's indeed the case if our strengths were equal, and you are crazier than me. But now, as long as I suppress you in my divine aperture, this body will be under my control in the future."

The Way of Yin!

The qi of hell rushed out violently, and the black Qin Yu unleashed the Way of Yin and Yang through his soul directly.

The terrifying power shocked Yan Ruoxue and the others. They did not know why this had happened.

"Your thinking is still too conservative."

Qin Yu looked indifferent. The Heart of Thunder and the Five Great Emperors suddenly lit up.

The sky seemed to have an additional six suns, and the power of Yin resembling a tidal wave was blocked forcefully.

"This attack is to tell you that even if you've obtained Evil Eye and absorbed the sorcerer tribe's power of curse, I'm not afraid of you." The two forces exploded at the same time, and it was a 50 - 50 confrontation.

After that, Qin Yu was like a stream of light that directly clashed with the black Qin Yu's body.

To outsiders, the golden light disappeared into the power of the black divine sense the instant it lit up.

The two souls instantly fused, and at this moment, there was no longer any difference between gold and black. The power of his soul continuously fused, and changed into different colors. They were replaced by a dark brown color that alternated between red and green, similar to the color of ghosts that people were familiar with.

This power of divine sense caused Jue Wu and the others to feel a sense of fear.

The power of Qin Yu's soul after the fusion contained curses, Evil Eye, and various powers of backslash. There was also a fusion of a surge of righteousness and noble energy and the evil-breaking power of the power of thunder and lightning. It truly achieved the fusion of Yin and Yang of two opposing forces.

Just like the Way of Yin and Yang, after the exchange, it would burst out with even more terrifying power.

"Hahaha, you actually dare to enter my soul body. Are you f*cking crazy?

"Northern Underworld Demonic Technique, refine it for me!"

The black Qin Yu's body suddenly turned into a black hole. The boundless black hole caused the entire Sumeru ring to shake violently.

The Green Spirit Tree stretched out numerous roots and abruptly grabbed hold of that surrounding turbulent space. Only then did that tremor reduce considerably.

Qin Yu's expression was indifferent. The millstone-like Northern Underworld Demonic Technique crushed his soul power inch by inch.

He stretched out his hand but did not attack. Instead, he slowly fused with the black Qin Yu.

"If you have a way to absorb my origin, I'll give you this body. If you can't, then be a part of me obediently."

Qin Yu said coldly.