Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

2438 Returning to Self

Facing Immortal Emperor Yao who had recovered one of his spirits, the river of the Path of Heaven immediately turned into numerous streams of light and exploded in the Sumeru World.

Fusion!

The summoned ghost race's river of the Path of Heaven had already been shattered. Qin Yu no longer had any worries. He released all his defenses and allowed the black Qin Yu to devour all of his soul. The instant the two fused into one, the power of the two souls clashed in the most direct manner. Whoever could retain their consciousness in the end would become the ultimate winner.

The clash of souls would cause intense pain each time they clashed. The golden Qin Yu was like a statue that felt no pain. He slammed into it again and again until there was no more pain, and only then did he slowly stop his exhausted divine sense.

At this moment, the power of dark divine sense quietly extended, and a new world seemed to have opened up in front of his eyes.

He could use the power of Evil Eye without restraint and was no longer required to suppress it with the Five Emperor Coins and the Heart of Thunder.

He could also control this power with his innate consciousness to ensure he would not step into the path of the netherworld and become an evil spirit that engaged in relentless slaughter.

Although his soul had experienced a great battle, his current state was at its peak.

"Capture!" When Qin Yu's divine sense returned, his eyes released a fierce light.

The ghost race's river of the Path of Heaven's power suddenly suppressed Qin Yu.

The Five Great Emperors surrounded this power and slowly refined it into the Sumeru World.

After wisps of the ghost race's Path of Heaven merged into the Sumeru World, the entire space shook violently. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

It was not a change in the space expansion but a qualitative change in the entire space.

The moment all the power merged into the Sumeru World, a strange phenomenon suddenly appeared between heaven and earth.

The souls of countless people who had died in the Sumeru World appeared in front of everyone.

These people had gloomy and cold expressions as they stared at everyone with endless malice.

However, a force drew them toward the Bridge of Helplessness slowly like a summoning force.

When these souls landed on it, their expressions instantly turned dull as if their memories had been stripped away.

After that, the souls slowly walked to the opposite shore, and the things on their bodies kept leaving the souls and merging into the Path of Heaven of the ghost race.

These light spots seemed to be their soul memories, cosmic luck, and so on.

When these souls crossed over the Bridge of Helplessness, they were like candles in the wind, almost impossible to detect the tiny flames.

A light of guidance fell on them, and these tiny flames reincarnated into the human race.

A Path of Heaven cycle was formed in such a manner. However, Qin Yu felt that this cycle was a little weird.

After death, the human race would enter the ghost realm and be stripped of everything before being reincarnated as humans.

After cultivating among the human race, they would occupy a portion of cosmic luck and resources of the human race.

In the long run, the ghost race's Path of Heaven would definitely suppress the human race.

Qin Yu frowned deeply.

If this had been the cycle of the Path of Heaven for billions of years, the human race should have long been suppressed by the ghost race. It was impossible for the ghost race to remain in the polar world and could not emerge when the human race's Path of Heaven was strong.

Could it be that the phenomenon simulated by this Path of Heaven was not comprehensive enough, or the deduction?

Qin Yu retracted his thoughts and gazed at the Sumeru World again.

With the fusion of the ghost race's Path of Heaven into the Sumeru World, the Sumeru World had undergone earth-shattering changes that seemed closer to the real world.

The power of the Sumeru World surged again. If the power of the world descended on him at this moment, he could completely erupt with the power of the Peak of Third Level. Coupled with the power of the Five Emperors, he could even reach the Tribulation Fourth Level.

The power of tribulation indeed could not break the phantom of the Path of Heaven he summoned.

If he did not forcefully trigger the power of the ghost realm's Path of Heaven in the end to defeat Immortal Emperor Ya, it would be impossible to break through the power of the ghost realm.

The attack of the Immortal Immortal seemed to be completely different from the Tribulation Transcending Stage by having the power of the dao technique of its own.

After all these thoughts, Qin Yu finally gained an insight into his soul.

The Way of Yin and Yang!

He slashed out a boundless power of Yin and Yang.

After that, endless resentment entered the consciousness of Evil Eye and transmitted to his divine sense through the scarecrow.

"Burp!"

Qin Yu absorbed the power Evil Eye fed back in one gulp, but his soul burped as if it had eaten a tonic. This power itself was a force that backlashed. It wanted to devour Qin Yu and control him. However, at this moment, it had become inferior.

Qin Yu nodded. Back then, when he was in the Ji family, black Qin Yu controlled the ghostly sword.

He could use Evil Eye without restraints and was unafraid of this power.

Now that the two had fused, he could also use this power. Even if it was the dark power, what mattered if his soul was in darkness?

As long as he could grasp the direction, the power of evil could still release the light of justice.

Without the power of the Ghostly Sword Evil Eye, he could not have lasted until Lei Qingye attacked in the end.

"Ruoxue, I want to bring Immortal Emperor Yao to the ghost realm. From now on, you and Elder Guai will take turns to control the Sumeru ring. Before I return, you must maintain the Sumeru ring in the space without stopping. The others will take turns to cultivate." Qin Yu instructed the two of them.

Yan Ruoxue's strength had already condensed to be a Soul Statue in the sea of the Path of Heaven, reaching the realm of the Tribulation Second Level. After stabilizing, she would soon step into the realm of the third level. With her around, Qin Yu could leave without worry.

"Qin Yu, you must be careful when you go to the ghost realm this time. Can you not go? The ghost realm is too far away from the human race. Once your soul is exhausted on the way, you will never have the chance to return."

The greatest fear of roaming in the Path of Heaven was that soul power was not enough to return to the true body and that it would be like an idiot.

The soul would also become a wandering soul in the void. After the power of the soul was exhausted, it would disappear in the world.

It was unknown how far away the ghost race's Path of Heaven was from the human race. Yan Ruoxue felt it too risky to go to the ghost realm's Path of Heaven.

"Don't worry, Ruoxue. It's a must to go to the ghost realm this time. From the looks of it, the battle between the human race and the woman of the ghost realm is inevitable. This time, we can take it as a way to spy on the situation of the ghost realm first."

Qin Yu smiled bitterly and comforted Yan Ruoxue.

If he went, they might survive, but if he didn't, Immortal Emperor Yao would probably kill them directly.

In the agreement with the Immortal Emperor, if one dared to play any tricks, no one could bear the consequences.

"Then promise me that you will come back safely!"

Yan Ruoxue felt an indescribable discomfort. As if she had sensed something, tears welled up in her eyes.

In the face of this mysterious ghost realm, even Lei Huan and Lei Qingye dared not say they could safely retreat, let alone bring out the suppressed soul from there.

"Don't worry, your hubby is so powerful. We'll get married when I come back!"

Qin Yu held onto Yan Ruoxue's somewhat cold little hand and kissed her bright red lips forcefully.