Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2440 - 2440: The Yellow Springs Mark

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Qin Yu suddenly plunged into the heavenly sea at the intersection of the two realms and then pounced toward the depths.

In an instant, the ice and snow under the scorching sun of his soul were melting crazily.

As the sea of the Path of Heaven was situated in the most fragile area, the power of two different Paths of Heaven, humans and ghosts, mixed together.

This energy consumption was more than ten times more intense than when Qin Yu roamed in the sea of space previously!

In just a few breaths, Qin Yu felt a sense of weakness. The power of the soul was about to be exhausted.

It was only less than half the distance to the bottom of the human race’s sea of the Path of Heaven.

“Northern Underworld Demonic Technique! Seize it for me!”

Qin Yu’s soul emitted numerous distorted black holes. These black holes instantly formed a massive suction force.

However, the power of the sea of the Path of Heaven seemed to be tremendously stable. The power of the black hole was actually unable to absorb the energy.

Qin Yu’s expression changed. “All of you, come in!”

He activated the Northern Underworld Demonic Technique in his soul to the utmost, and those distorted black holes instantly fused together.

Behind him, an enormous black hole slowly appeared, like a black moon rising from the sea.

Qin Yu had already activated the Northern Underworld Demonic Technique to its utmost. A suction force five times stronger than previously suddenly exploded.

At this moment, a tornado that was thousands of meters in size appeared out of nowhere on the surface of the chaotic sea of the Path of Heaven at the intersection of the two realms.

In less than a breath, the remnant soul in the sky above the sea of the Path of Heaven and the power of the soul that had yet to be refined fused into it.

In less than a breath, it surged into the black hole.

The power of the soul turned into a ray of green light and directly fused into Qin Yu’s sea of consciousness, making the dispirited Qin Yu feel like taking a great tonic.

“Soul Burning!”

His soul burst out with tremendous power. His soul was like a golden sword, blasting the sea of space in front of him an inch away.

He then sped up and sank to the bottom, finally reaching the bottom of the human race’s sea of the Path of Heaven.

In front of him, Qin Yu felt a barrier.

That seemed to be the most fragile area between the two realms. As long as he could break through this barrier for a short while, his soul could enter the ghost realm.

At the intersection of the two realms, the vortex churned even more violently.

Numerous powers of the ghost race’s Path of Heaven seeped into this place, and similarly, the human race’s power of the Path of Heaven would also seep into the ghost realm. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

In this interpenetration, the rules of the Path of Heaven here had been in chaos as if a dead knot.

Even if Qin Yu opened his desolate divine eye, he would not be able to capture anything from this chaotic heavenly sea.

Northern Underworld Demonic Technique!

Qin Yu took a deep breath and unleashed the cultivation method again.

In an instant, his soul lit up again. Under his control, the soul he had just absorbed started burning again.

It transformed into a massive force that surged into Qin Yu’s soul and then transmitted to Qin Yu’s soul hand.

Evil Eye!

The Way of Yin and Yang!

“Boom!”

The saber swung out fiercely. Under the slash of Evil Eye’s soul, countless bubbles suddenly appeared at the barrier.

Qin Yu took the opportunity of the instant the barrier broke and burrowed into it.

As he squeezed in with difficulty, there was a slight movement on his side. A pair of strange enormous eyes stared at him. This sudden change almost scared Qin Yu to death.

It was a lifelike Soul Statue staring at him as if curious about the presence of such a cultivator here.

Qin Yu was even more curious. In this chaotic place where the two realms intersected, someone could actually condense a Soul Statue here.

This was a d*mned dead knot of power of rules. Which expert could comprehend the corresponding rules of the Path of Heaven with this?

Where did this freak come from? Qin Yu really wanted to see the style of the owner of this Soul Statue.

However, at this moment, the ghost race’s river of the Path of Heaven released a massive suction force and pulled him into it.

The crack then slowly disappeared as if it had never appeared.

The sea of the Path of Heaven remained the same. The tornadoes on the sea had also disappeared. Everything seemed to bloom and wither in the blink of an eye.

Compared to the human race, the river of the ghost race was tremendously peaceful.

The deathly silence made Qin Yu feel a sense of terror instead.

“Tick tock! Tick tock!”

“Clack! Clack!”

In Qin Yu’s soul, a bubble suddenly and strangely appeared at its origin. After that, this bubble slowly rose and floated from the top of Qin Yu’s head.

It was like a soap bubble, yet it did not burst in the sea of the Path of Heaven. Under the ghost race’s blood-red moon’s remnant light, this bubble had another unusual beauty.

That bubble rose farther and farther away from the sea of the ghost race and then suddenly burst.

Qin Yu suddenly had an indescribable feeling as if something had suddenly disappeared.

This feeling was very weird. Qin Yu’s soul power was not exhausted.

However, there must be something weird. The two races’ sea of the Path of Heaven might be completely different, and the human race’s thinking could not define the power of the Path of Heaven.

Qin Yu made up his mind. His soul burst out with the most formidable power and rushed up wildly.

Soon, he rushed out of the sea of ghosts.

The ghost realm appeared in front of him for the first time.

However, to him, it was only the beginning of the challenge because his true body was still in the human race.

At this moment, he was going to seize Immortal Emperor Yao’s soul using his soul body.

Qin Yu slowly landed on the ground. His divine sense dared not relax in the slightest.

In front of him, a ghost race with a heavenly scopolia in his mouth was sitting lazily on a recliner.

He cursed as if he was used to seeing Qin Yu’s reaction.

“Another one. When will this end?”

He slowly stood up.

Dense power gathered in his hand and formed a small door emitting green smoke in his palm.

In an instant, the small door was crushed in his hand, and then in Qin Yu’s sea of consciousness.

“Boom!”

Just like judgment, the instant the small green door disappeared, two vertical pieces and one horizontal piece of Soul Suppressing Wood fell from Qin Yu’s sea of consciousness.

These three pieces of wood formed a strange character that just happened to envelop Qin Yu’s origin of divine sense within.

At this moment, his soul seemed to have become a criminal of an ancient official residence. That rune was like a sinister and ancient mark. No matter how Qin Yu used the power of divine sense, he could not break it.

Qin Yu stared fixedly at the mark. It revealed a deep dim light like the setting sun.

The Yellow Springs. Rumor had it that when a person died and when a well was dug deep enough, the water would appear yellow. Furthermore, when someone died and was buried underground, ancient people believed that the deepest part of the earth, where this yellow water might be found, was the underground world where the deceased would reside after death. This place was similar to the Hades.

He initially thought it was a story and did not expect the Yellow Springs and hell to be real. Everything was real, and only he was fake.

The young man laughed mockingly with his back facing Qin Yu. It was unknown if he was talking about himself or Qin Yu.

“Sunset, and the Yellow Springs Mark. I seem to remember this thing in the depths of my soul. This mark will gradually strip away your memories and cosmic luck. When everything is clear, you can leave the ghost realm and control it. Otherwise, you will eventually walk the path to the Yellow Springs..”