Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

2441 Power of Stripping

Immortal Emperor Yao's voice suddenly entered Qin Yu's sea of consciousness.

The young ghost race only attacked once without further action.

He returned to the shore and lay down in his rocking chair as if everything else had nothing to do with him.

Suddenly, the Yellow Springs Mark lit up as if it had triggered some reaction.

An enormous bubble appeared in Qin Yu's soul again. The bubble burst immediately after swimming over his head and showing up. Instantly, Qin Yu was horrified. He quickly scanned his body.

However, he did notice any weakening of his soul power but a sense of oppression. He seemed to have lost something important.

The power of the soul included the most primitive memories, talents, and even cosmic luck. Various inexplicable powers were also extended from the origin of the soul.

It would be tremendously terrifying if that bubble contained these things. The Yellow Springs Mark seemed to activate once in a while, which meant that he would gradually be crippled.

Qin Yu's thoughts raced. He suddenly thought of a terrifying possibility.

"D*mn! Are you stripping my memories or something? If this continues, I'm afraid I won't even know when I'll become an idiot."

Qin Yu was horrified. Whatever this soul bubble took away, it would have a significant impact.

It was the silent power of stripping that Qin Yu had never seen before.

If this Yellow Springs Mark stripped away the memories of Ruoxue, his father, or Master Wen Wanchong and others, he could not accept the consequences even if he returned to the mortal world. Thinking of this, Qin Yu no longer hid his abilities modestly.

At this moment, the bubble that emerged from the soul was nearly gone.

"Northern Underworld Demonic Technique!"

The power of a black hole suddenly surrounded that space.

The terrifying suction force pulled the bubble back into his sea of consciousness.

But what surprised Qin Yu was even though this soul bubble had returned to his body, like a foreign object, its original soul could not be absorbed at all.

It was as if it did not belong to the bubble at all.

What the f*ck was going on? UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Qin Yu was tremendously shocked. He circulated his Soul Torment Mind Technique, the most formidable cultivation method for retaining the power of the soul.

"Soul Torment Mind Techniquet, refine it!"

As soon as this power appeared, it finally refined the soul bubble. The power of the bubble's origin resumed and fused into Qin Yu's origin.

"Phew!"

Qin Yu took a deep breath. The moment this power fused into him, the oppressive feeling finally gradually weakened.

"He actually knows the king's cultivation method.."

The young ghost race stared at Qin Yu in surprise. However, he was not very interested and looked at the sea of the Path of Heaven.

"Many years ago, I encountered someone as interesting as you. But this time, I don't want to fight. I want to see how far you can go."

He raised his head, his eyes flashing with a strange expression.

"Is that person also from the human race? What happened after you attacked?"

Qin Yu asked tentatively. He was currently in the dark and could only see if he could analyze anything from this information.

"He wanted to leave this place, but I cut off half of the power of his origin. However, in just nearly two hundred years, he has far surpassed me. I once thought what would he have become if I hadn't attacked him."

The young ghost race revealed a strange smile.

In this world, the power that could not be controlled was the most terrifying.

Just like some people, even if they were Immortal Emperor but when they had already reached the end of their path, they were not terrifying.

"Okay, okay. Big Brother, stop bragging. With your f*cking True Saint strength, if you continue to brag, the Immortal Emperor will become a nobody."

Seeing this person starting to brag, Qin Yu quickly stopped him. "Fine, if you don't want to listen, I'll go back to sleep."

The young ghost race yawned and fell asleep again in a few breaths. Seeing that the young ghost race had fallen asleep, Qin Yu sat cross-legged on the ground and analyzed the current situation.

This place seemed to be a cultivation path that focused on the soul. As he roamed the ghost realm with his soul, he did not consume much of the soul power.

However, his goal was to find the other soul and two spirits of Immortal Emperor Yao. In the worst scenario, he had to find the power of the one soul. Otherwise, he could not face Immortal Emperor Yao.

After much hesitation, in the end, he took a twig and poked the young ghost race's nose presumptuously.

"F*ck, you're indeed presumptuous!"

The young ghost race suddenly yawned.

Qin Yu quickly apologized. After hesitating for a while, he revealed his motive to him.

However, he dared not tell the specific details. He said he wanted to find the souls of his close family members.

"Searching for souls! Hahaha!"

The young ghost race laughed so hard that he could not even straighten his back, and tears even gushed out. In the end, he actually convulsed crazily on the ground. Qin Yu was so scared that he quickly stepped on him several times. Only then did the ghost race catch his breath.

"Brother, may I ask, what's so funny about this?"

Qin Yu asked carefully.

With his current soul power, he could not figure out this person's strength and cultivation, so he dared not rashly provoke him.

"I don't know either, but I just want to laugh. I think your idea is a little unrealistic. Do you laugh when someone tells you that he wants to pick the moon for no reason?"

The young ghost race regained its calm.

"I really need guidance in this matter."

Qin Yu closed his eyes, his killing intent starting to gather. Now that he had come here, he had to know the general situation of this ghost realm first. Otherwise, it would be tremendously disadvantageous for his subsequent actions.

"You can try. It's been many years since I last fought. I might have forgotten about it."

The young ghost race stared at Qin Yu with a vague smile.

Northern Underworld!

Qin Yu narrowed his eyes and instantly placed a hand on the young ghost race's body.

In an instant, the sound of the power of the soul surging was like the roar of a giant.

The terrifying power of the soul surged into Qin Yu's soul.

This power of the soul was peaceful, and Qin Yu absorbed it into his own power effortlessly.

However, at this moment, Qin Yu's expression changed drastically. He failed to detect any consciousness from the power of the soul. The terrifying thing about the Northern Underworld Demonic Technique was that it would directly absorb the memories of the absorbed soul into the sea of consciousness, including the memories of the many people from the Ji family that he had absorbed previously. However, the memories of the three souls and seven spirits were an exception. This part of the memories was deliberately protected by the cultivators so that even if they died, others could not obtain it. Unless the difference in the power of divine sense between the two parties was too great, it was possible to obtain these memories.

At this moment, after Qin Yu absorbed such a massive amount of power of the soul from the young ghost race, he realized he could not get any information from it.

With the power of the human race, a person's daily life, personality, and the things he was interested in, this vast amount of information would practically be floating around in the soul.