Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

2442 Mental Ability of the Soul

Even the soul of an ant would have a corresponding consciousness fluctuation. It was the meaning of the existence of living beings. ↑

Where exactly were this person's memories? Were they all hidden in his origin's three souls and seven spirits?

Or his power of the soul was so high that he could not pry into it at all? But if this was the case, he could not absorb any of his soul power at all.

"You see, it's as if I don't exist."

He waved his hand, and a strange smile appeared on his face.

"I have some impressions in the origin of my memories. Back then, I, too, seemed to have elusive dreams like you.

"However, when the dream dispersed, I found the reality a mess.

"Go away. I really don't want to kill you. This is my last warning."

He slumped back onto the recliner and stared at the blood moon in the distance, lost in his thoughts.

Qin Yu's entire body turned cold. His soul moved, and he quickly disappeared from where he was.

In that instant, he had absorbed almost one-tenth of the power of the soul of his true body.

Moreover, the young ghost race did not have any defense. He could easily crush Qin Yu even with the quantity if he were serious about this kind of power.

After leaving, Qin Yu heaved a sigh of relief, seeing he was already far away.

"Immortal Emperor Yao, do you have any memories from your end? Right now, I'm totally confused."

?

Qin Yu had no choice but to shout for Immortal Emperor Yao in his soul.

"I vaguely remember this place. It seems that we should not have come here. Sigh..."

"D*mn it, you might as well not show up at all. You show up to mess up people's minds and then run away. That's impressive. As expected of the big shots that transcended the five elements, you can't do anything, but you're number one at messing people's minds."

Qin Yu cursed and set off again.

Fortunately, there was only one stone street after he appeared on the shore.

He followed this path and walked straight ahead, encountering numerous twists and turns. Along the way, Qin Yu saw many ghost races.

These ghost races were not very strong. Many were trimming the weeds on both sides.

Some were carrying massive bricks and slowly walking in the opposite direction of Qin Yu.

There were also ghost races that wandered aimlessly. They seemed like ordinary people in the chaotic times of the human race, ordinary and lowly.

No one in the entire netherworld spoke or discussed.

There was no sound of flowing water, nor was there any sound of human life.

In the entire land of the netherworld, even the sound of a needle falling to the ground could be heard.

It was depressing and deathly silent.

This was the feeling that the ghost realm gave Qin Yu.

Along the way, the ghost race had different appearances. Some were the demon race, and some were humans. There were also dwarves, dragon-men, half-beasts, and other races. However, they were full of dense ghostly qi. It seemed that there was no strict definition of race among the ghost race.

Could it be that as long as one came to the ghost realm after death and cultivated the ghost realm's cultivation technique, one would become a member of the ghost race?

Or they could come through the dimensional space, which was obviously tremendously difficult.

The other kind was similar to Qin Yu, who had crossed over from the sea of the Path of Heaven at the peak of the intersection of the two realms.

Right at this moment, a terrifying murderous intent suddenly assaulted them. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The soul body could sense this murderous intent even more clearly. Qin Yu could feel an intense burning sensation coming from the surface of his soul. After being condensed, this murderous intent actually injured him!

In front of him, there were endless phantoms.

These figures had a tremendously orderly pace. It was a ghost race army, and these people were riding a unified frost wolf.

There was a boundless fiendish intent in their eyes. Qin Yu had seen that kind of gaze before. Only living beings who truly disregarded life and death would have it.

There were nearly 100,000 ghost soldiers!

At this moment, the army was slowly moving toward another direction. In that direction, Qin Yu felt a dense spatial power.

It seemed to be a spatial rift that had appeared due to the rupture of the dimensional suppression.

Qin Yu took a deep breath. Even the lowest-level ghost soldiers here probably had the power of the Reversion Void Stage.

Qin Yu stared at these ghost soldiers and ghost generals indifferently. If they headed toward the human race, who knew what kind of waves they would stir up?

Fortunately, the sea of the path of Heaven between the two races was not completely connected, so the suppression of location still existed.

Even if these ghost soldiers could pass through the spatial rift, they would probably suffer heavy losses.

As for the True Saint, the various Tribulation Transcending Stage captains and the ghost generals who were the leaders, they should not be able to pass through for the time being.

Otherwise, if the ghost generals' bodies could cross the dimension and descend upon the human race, it would be a true catastrophe. Nonetheless, that day would not be far away.

After the ghost soldiers left, Qin Yu continued to walk to the end of the street. There was a massive hall.

Three enormous characters were carved in ghastly ghost characters, "Hall of Senluo".

There were many small extended spaces out of the eerie hall, and each was in charge by a ghost race.

At every entrance, there was a long queue of army.

After every ghost race entered, they seemed to be able to leave after being searched for a while.

Qin Yu frowned slightly and chose the shorter queue among all. "Hmm? A soul body came to the Hall of Sunluo, so it must have come from the sea of the Path of Heaven, right? Hahaha, this kind of soul power is at least of a ghost general! This time, I'll be able to record a sum of merit points! This way, I can find a trace of mental ability again!"

The ghost race in the main seat of the hall laughed wildly as he stood up. The judge's brush in his hand moved, and a mysterious power of law instantly emitted from its tip and formed a mark

similar to the Yellow Springs Mark.

Instantly, Qin Yu's soul surged, and a tremendously fine bubble was extracted from his soul.

Although it was tremendously tiny, Qin Yu refused to give up.

He stretched out his hand and was about to suck the soul bubble into his hand.

"Don't attack!"

A familiar voice suddenly exploded in his sea of consciousness. Qin Yu hesitated for a moment and finally watched as the soul bubble entered the jade bottle in that person's hand.

Under the illumination of the ghost moon, the jade bottle shone with a colorful light. It seemed to contain a dense amount of soul bubbles. It was unknown how many soul bubbles it had collected.

"Hall of Senluo is just a ghost general. There are still ten Halls of Yama behind, and the ten Yama were under the control of Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva of the netherworld. Can you manage so many people? It's just a trace of your soul's mental ability...

Immortal Emperor Yao's tired voice sounded in Qin Yu's sea of consciousness.

"Actually, it doesn't make much of a difference whether you attack or not."

Immortal Emperor Yao seemed to have recalled something, but no matter how Qin Yu asked, he did not want to say anything.

"Hey, old man, don't say thing halfway. The bubble that appears in the soul is called mental ability, right? What is mental ability? Does it have any weakness? Come out quickly..."

After passing the Hall of Senluo, the ghostly qi here was clearly much livelier, although it was still deathly silent.

However, after passing by, the ghost race could be seen moving in a hurry everywhere.