Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2445 - 2445: The Black and White Reapers

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

“Wen Da!”

The soul of Wen Da Gu Xinghe had killed appeared in front of Qin Yu.

“Wen Da, it’s me!”

Qin Yu said anxiously. However, Wen Da’s expression was indifferent, and he had completely forgotten about him.

“About four-fifths of his soul had been stripped off. All the threads of memory related to you might have disappeared. Moreover, this living being has been here for nearly 200 years. As time passes, the power of the stripping will gradually become stronger. He’s now at the end of his life and death, and that’s why he challenged the demonic dragon that is so much stronger than him.”

The young man looked at Qin Yu. “You should worry about yourself first. What you did just now was a big taboo.”

He shook his head, seemingly looking into Qin Yu’s soul.

At this moment, Qin Yu only realized that the number on his Yellow Springs Mark had changed from 120 to 880.

That attack just now actually directly reduced his merit points by 1,000.

At this moment, his Yellow Springs Mark was emitting an intensive light, which was especially eye-catching under the dim light of the ghost realm’s ghost moon.

“How dare you break the absolute rules of the ghost realm! I’ll take these merit points.”

The demonic dragon licked his lips and stared greedily at Qin Yu’s mark.

The Eyes of the Netherworld stared at Qin Yu like a deity in the air. The blood vessels around it emitted gurgling sounds, and countless tiny blood vessels connected the Eyes of the Netherworld and the demonic dragon.

Qin Yu frowned. The Eyes of the Netherworld seemed to have peeled off all his secrets.

Breath of Dragon Soul!

It was the divine strike of the dragon soul. The dragon breath instantly pierced through Qin Yu’s soul like an arrow.

However, this dragon breath only penetrated a portion of Qin Yu’s power of the soul and did not cause any damage to his origin.

A wisp of the sorcerer tribe’s curse power spread out along with the dragon breath and attached itself to the demonic dragon’s soul.

In an instant, the demonic dragon’s soul shattered.

Numerous parasites crazily gnawed at the demonic dragon’s mental ability, even fighting with the space of the ghost realm for its mental ability.

“What the hell is this?”

“Quickly get out of the way! This d*mned thing can even instantly kill the soul of the demonic dragon. This demonic dragon must be quite strong among the ghost generals!”

The surrounding living beings let out terrified cries and immediately fled in all directions, afraid of provoking the curse power of the sorcerer tribe.

The merit points of a ghost general were close to 30. He seemed to have comprehended the way of the ghost realm, and thus his merit points were very high.

“Who am I? Where am I going?”

Wen Da’s soul let out a painful roar, and his expression was ferocious.

A massive mass of mental ability was pulled out again. Almost concurrently, Qin Yu’s Yellow Springs Mark was activated again.

“All come back here!”

Northern Underworld Demonic Technique!

“Retrieve!”

At the same time, he drew two portions of mental ability. Qin Yu could not be bothered about attracting attention.

He directly retrieved his and Wen Da’s mental ability and suppressed it in his soul.

However, during this process, he again used up a small portion of his mental ability.

However, this action seemed to have violated the rules of the ghost realm.

His merit points were deducted again, and the Yellow Springs Mark in his sea of consciousness became increasingly brighter.

At this moment, negative 1,000 plus merit points were a tremendous treasure in the eyes of others.

“You can’t protect him. No matter how marvelous your cultivation is, there will be times when you can’t bear it.”

The young man stood on the roof far away.

“If I want to find his mental ability, where should I go?”

Qin Yu frowned and asked.

“Keep going along the main path behind Dark Mountain. Don’t take any detours, and you will find the answer when you reach the end.”

Qin Yu could tell Wen Da’s soul had completely forgotten him. He directly suppressed Wen Da’s soul and continued to rush forward.

Along the way, they were attacked by countless waves of living beings.

As they continued to go deeper, Qin Yu began to feel strained. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

An army of ghost generals even attacked them. Even though he destroyed them, it took him a lot of effort.

This army of ghost generals was the elite of the ghost realm, and there were a hundred of them.

After killing these ghost generals, Qin Yu’s merit points became positive.

Just as they were about to leave the Dark Mountain…

Two enormous figures appeared at the entrance of the passage. One black and one white, standing there quietly as if they had been waiting for a long time.

They were the messengers of souls in the ghost realm, the black and white reapers.

Bi l an, Fan Wujiu!”

Qin Yu’s expression was solemn. From the fragmented memories he had absorbed previously, he had already learned the identities of the two.

He did not expect to attract the two after killing a team of ghost generals.

The two gave Qin Yu a lot of pressure. If they were categorized according to the strength of the human world, the strength of the two should be on par with Lei Huan.

Moreover, this place was their home ground. “The black and white reapers have arrived so quickly…”

The young man seemed somewhat shocked.

The Path of Yin and Yang!

Qin Yu held Evil Eye in his hand. Since the visitor was not a guest, he had nothing to entertain him.

The mighty energy of Yin Yang Sword already rushed out with a sword. With a slash, the Yin and Yang realms were formed.

“Boom!”

Two blurry black and white shadows seemed to flash across the space.

The dim ghost moon seemed to flicker.

Two rays of light, one black and the other white soared into the sky, blocking the Path of Yin and Yang.

After that, the two were pushed tens of thousands of feet away by that terrifying force. The two looked at each other and saw the shock in each other’s hearts.

What a ferocious living being!

This sword move had the power of the Peak Tribulation Third Level.

However, the two were only shocked, and there was no fear on their faces.

The two stepped forward concurrently, and their weapons hooked together like hooks.

The power seemed to have a specific rhythm, and the surrounding air linked to become one.

The sound of chains clashing could be heard vaguely in the air. The sound was low and whimpering as if the air was howling softly.

The voice seemed to be summoning souls from the human world. The sky turned a strange green. In the sky, Qin Yu’s soul suddenly appeared above. His movements and stillness also caused the soul above to move at the same time.

The sky seemed to have turned into a mirror, reflecting his soul on it.

Soul Guiding Power?

This sea of the Path of Heaven seemed to have a strong soul-locking power. Qin Yu immediately unleashed his desolate divine eye.

An enormous chain on his body extended to the endless sea of the Path of

Heaven.

“Guide!”

Xie Bi’an and Fan Wujiu raised their enormous arms at the same time, and their hook-shaped weapons instantly enlarged thousands of times and sank into the dark green sky, hooking onto Qin Yu’s soul.

Qin Yu felt an intense pain. This weapon had hooked his soul directly through the sea of the Path of Heaven.

This technique was somewhat unbelievable.

He was here, but the black and white reapers could attack his soul directly through the projected images..