Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2448: Suffering Severe Damage

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Hundreds of green lights lit up from the scarecrow’s head and instantly pierced into the souls of the Hundred Ghosts Parade, Horse-Face, day and night wandering deities, and the others. He connected with the souls of these people Instantly, ana rms was me move ne used to deal with Horse-race. However, coupled with the other two Saint Weapons of the sorcerer tribe, the power of this attack probably increased by nearly 50%.

“Slash!”

Qin Yu held Evil Eye in his hand and directly cut off the neck of the scarecrow in the void.

“Crack! ”

The scarecrow let out a soul-wrenching scream. Instantly, the Hundred Ghosts Parade, the Ice and Snow of Ten Thousand Miles, and the scarecrow in the void all disappeared.

Qin Yu spat a large mouthful of blood. The soul segregated to absorb the power of the Path of Heaven of the sorcerer tribe was withdrawn.

Horse-Face and the day and night wandering deities were also heavily injured. They retreated frantically, not even bothered about Ox-Head who had fallen to the ground.

They had never expected to be defeated by this living being before them, even though the three had attacked with all their might.

Even if only the day and night wandering deities worked together, they could easily capture a living being at the Tribulation Fourth Level!

Qin Yu’s face was ashen. The Ice and Snow of Ten Thousand Miles had caused numerous wounds to the origin of his soul, although not severe.

However, these wounds were internal injuries to the origin of the soul and would not recover so easily. This was the terror of Horse-Face’s attack.

The hundreds of evil ghosts summoned by the Hundred Ghosts Parade were like wild beasts, and their ferocious auras crashed into Qin Yu’s soul.

The enormous power not only consumed a large amount of his soul power but also aggravated the damage to his soul origin.

Although he had defeated the four of them with the three Saint Weapons of the sorcerer tribe, he had suffered heavy injuries.

“Boom!”

The Yellow Springs Mark rose twice, and a mass of mental ability was suddenly sucked away.

Even if Qin Yu tried to stop it, in his current state, he could only block half of his mental ability from leaving.

“How is it? Have you felt the interesting aspect of this ghost realm? In fact, many living beings have the same naive thoughts as you. They enter the ghost realm through various methods, but in the end, they lose themselves and become a member of the ghost realm. The six ghost messengers you saw were the same. Even the ten Yama and the masked woman seemed to have transmigrated from other planes.”

The young man, a thousand meters away from Qin Yu, did not seem surprised.

Qin Yu was silent. He had indeed lost some of his deepest memories, and that made him feel very distressed.

“Or you can choose to become the next Ox-Head or even the Yama. That’s not bad either. Giving up on oneself and becoming the strongest living being could be considered a loss and a gain. If you still remember what you have wanted to do, I am not lying. What you are looking for is at the end of this road.”

The young man laughed maniacally.

Qin Yu continued to move forward. At this moment, the backslash force of the sorcerer tribe slowly entered his soul through the ghostly sword, nourishing his injured soul.

However, this was still insufficient. The living beings within 10,000 meters of

Qin Yu were instantly absorbed into his body. Under the suppression of the Northern Underworld Demonic Technique, they became the purest energy.

Hundred Ghosts Parade, Ice and Snow of Ten Thousand Miles, Soul Guiding Spell, Soul Soul Torment Mind Technique, and the ghost messenger’s token he had just obtained.

He recalled in his soul these techniques he had learned after entering the ghost realm, and the Five Elements and Eight Trigrams in his divine sense suddenly unfolded.

The five Great Emperors slowly raised their palms and placed them on his body, causing the power of evolution to increase instantly by more than a hundredfold.

Qin Yu segregated a wisp of his soul of origin and stood quietly above the heavenly sea of the Path of Ghost.

With the help of the token, he could easily sense the location of the heavenly sea and arrive here in the blink of an eye.

The second-level desolate divine eye suddenly opened, and countless information suddenly filled his sea of consciousness.

He walked slowly as if he was taking a walk in the fields.

With his current strength, he could at most rely on the power of Evil Eye to kill a living being at the Tribulation Fourth Level.

Of course, he also had to pay a massive price. The injury to his origin could not be recovered within a short time. His current strength could only contend with a living being with the strength of the mid-fourth level. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

He would probably not be a match for them if he faced the Ox-Head and Horse-Face combination again.

At this moment, he had to think of a way to comprehend the sea of the Path of Heaven of the ghost race. He could go further if he could comprehend some power of rules.

An embryonic form of a sword move slowly revealed. Countless deductive powers entered this sword move, slowly perfecting this rough framework.

Far away before Qin Yu, a tall, handsome, and elegant living being stood in the middle of the road, blocking a ghost army.

It was an army of True Saints and above of about 10,000. The general in the lead was a Tribulation Stage ghost race living being.

The entire team exuded a suffocating aura of murderous intent. They were the elite of the elite within the ghost realm.

When the army charged forward, a hundred living beings could defeat 150 rogue cultivators.

Therefore, defeating a well-trained army was more difficult than defeating a rogue cultivator.

“Kill them!”

Seeing that the living being in front of him showed no signs of making way, the ghost general waved the halberd in his hand.

Instantly, the army charged toward the living being that blocked their way.

“Boom!”

He gently raised his palm and performed the simplest move.

With a push of his palm, the hundreds of True Saint ghost generals in front of him instantly turned to dust.

Although he was covered in blood, he did not stop and came to another ghost army.

“After you came to the ghost realm, you have already annihilated nearly 300,000 ghost race troops. However, this is in vain. As long as the ghost realm exists, nearly a million living beings will replenish every moment.”

Behind him stood a living being that looked like a little Bodhisattva. A person the size of a six-year-old boy stood on the ground, his feet bare.

His body was exuding a tremendous evil power, and he did not have the kind appearance of an ordinary Bodhisattva at all.

However, far away from him, there was a ghost race living being at the Peak of the Tribulation Fourth Level. He was sobbing and kneeling fixedly on the ground, afraid of attracting the little Bodhisattva’s attention.

It was the fear deep in the soul that made this powerful living being at the Tribulation Transcending Stage so afraid.

In another half a day, nearly ten thousand ghost race troops were wiped out by him.

His expression was firm as if he was the master of this world, not struggling and confused like other living beings.

“Xiao Hai, I’m very curious. Why do you still have this kind of instinct after I’ve dispersed your mental ability? Do you still remember your past?”

Little Bodhisattva followed behind him, seemingly puzzled.

“This is a reminder from the depths of my soul. This place makes me uncomfortable, and it seems to pose a threat to the things I care about. My path of cultivation relies on mindfulness, and it appears that after the mental ability you mentioned departed, my cultivation speed has accelerated.”