Chapter 2450: Soul Ferry

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

“Enter!”

Above the sea of the Path of Heaven, black tears flowed out of Qin Yu’s eyes.

All of a sudden, it plunged into the sea of soul-guiding. In his golden eyes, numerous rules broke down into the lines of the utmost origin, and then they simultaneously projected into the soul of another Qin Yu.

In an instant, the sea of the Path of Heaven seemed to sense a soul falling into it.

Instantly, furious and raging waves emitted. The power that peeped into the sea of the Path of Heaven had to bear the wrath of the Path of Heaven.

When the sea of rules flooded his body, it took away a massive amount of his power of the soul.

Coupled with Qin Yu’s activation of the second-level desolate divine eye, his power of the soul almost depleted in just a few breaths.

“Sink!”

Qin Yu’s face turned pale when half of his soul origin was damaged. It was a shred injury.

However, Qin Yu did not care. His soul accelerated and sank to the bottom again.

Numerous rules images were like mirages as they fiercely leaped over.

The pure rules of the sea of soul-guiding were reflected in his mind in the most basic symbols.

The massive amount of information made Qin Yu feel his head about to explode.

In the sea of consciousness, the five emperors emitted a dazzling light. With the help of the five emperors, the soul origin stabilized this massive amount of information.

As countless of information converged and deduced, a brilliant rainbow light illuminated the entire soul. That was Qin Yu’s greatest power of manifestation.

When the last trace of power of the soul was destroyed, the desolate divine eye transmitted a rules symbol into Qin Yu’s mind.

“Boom!”

Thousands of rays of evening lights suddenly converged into one and enveloped Evil Eye.

A sword light accumulating energy for a long time suddenly slashed out.

The rules of soul guiding, combined with the Soul Torment Mind Technique and the power of the Path of Heaven absorbed by the ghost messenger token, finally formed this sword energy.

The surrounding air started to tremble like water waves, and the whimpering sound transmitted like a flute.

The surrounding areas of the sword energy turned into a kingdom of souls, just like how the Pure Land captivated the monks.

All the living beings within tens of thousands of miles who heard this flute felt their souls being summoned. All the consciousness of their souls was locked in an instant.

At this moment, a soul kingdom appeared in the eyes of all the living beings. Their souls drifted out of their bodies and pounced crazily toward the sword energy of the ghostly sword.

In just a few breaths, nearly 50,000 living beings had merged into the sword energy, increasing the power of the ghostly sword’s energy.

The emerald sword aurora covered the light of the ghost moon and blocked the blood-red light from the sword energy.

“Soul Ferry!”

The second move of Evil Eye, and it slashed out. Qin Yu’s expression was nothing but indifferent at this moment.

A trace of surprise flashed across King Qin Guang’s eyes. His soul felt a massive attraction force, which seemed to be pulling his soul toward the sword energy. However, that was all. He raised his fist and smashed at the sword energy.

Yellow Springs! The primordial rune of the rules of Yellow Springs!

The soul kingdom’s speed suddenly slowed down, and a river of the Yellow Springs rushed over.

As the river churned, the souls that came into contact with it dissolved into the water without exception.

The sword energy of the ghostly sword diminished at a speed visible to the naked eyes, amid a tremendous tremor.

The sword energy of Soul Ferry disappeared completely.

However, the river of the Yellow Springs did not disappear. After the remaining power created a massive wave, it again swept toward Qin Yu.

Everything settled.

“If I had met him first, I might have chosen him. He could decisively abandon half of his soul origin at this point and deduce another move to forcefully enter the Tribulation Fifth Level. This is indeed shocking, but as I said, he doesn’t have a chance of winning.”

Little Bodhisattva stared at the battle emotionless, neither joyful nor sorrowful. This battle unprecedented to others seemed to be a little boring to him.

The moment the Soul Ferry was broken, the world before Qin Yu suddenly split into four.

The world before him had different overlapping shadows.

He suffered a terrifying backlash after breaking through with one attack.

Four deep wounds appeared on the origin of his soul. He held Evil Eye horizontally in front of his chest and revealed a smile.

The river of Yellow Springs rushed toward his soul and completely enveloped him.

“There is indeed a reason why K;itigarbha Bodhisattva has named you. However, it is also a fact that your cultivation realm is far inferior to mine.

There is no way to make up for it.”

King Qin Guang looked dignified, and his tone was calm.

It was indeed rare to be able to make a breakthrough in the middle of a battle.

However, there were so many geniuses, and only a few among billions of living beings in the universe could survive until the end of the chaotic times. It also remained unknown how many could bypass the Path of Heaven. All needed to be able to survive before depicting the future.

If Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva had wanted him to attack with all his might, he would not hold back!

“Whoosh!”

The river of Yellow Springs exploded in Qin Yu’s soul. It was the power of the primordial rune.

It was not something that Qin Yu could resist at the moment. Qin Yu’s most powerful spatial primordial rune could only unleash a vague power.

Even the Peak of Tribulation Fifth Level would probably be defeated by these clear Yellow Springs runes.

His golden eyes stared at the power of the Yellow Springs. Qin Yu seemed to have accepted his fate.

His soul origin was like a candle in the wind, slowly becoming invisible.

“How is it? The miracle you were hoping for didn’t happen. I’ll give you a choice. You or him.”

Little Bodhisattva stood up and turned his back to Xiao Hai.

“Senior Wu Ji, I need to borrow your strength!”

When the last candlelight extinguished, a voice suddenly came from the river of Yellow Springs.

In the void, the black divine thunder roared and struck down.

The tiger descended the mountain and crashed through the river of Yellow Springs, entering Qin Yu’s soul.

Qin Yu raised his head and let out a wild and unrestrained laugh.

He found a trace of a black river at the bottom of the other plane. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The sea of annihilation!

The power of rules that Qin Yu had failed to discover was also the inheritance of the only power of rules that belonged to Senior Wu Ji.

Even though there was a crystal wall between the two realms, under the summoning of Qin Yu’s Traceless Immortal Scripture…

The mere long corroded Soul Statue in the seabed of the sea of annihilation actually let out a monstrous roar.

The power of annihilation instantly broke through the crystal wall and poured into Qin Yu’s soul.

The power of annihilation could actually dodge the rune of Yellow Springs.

In Qin Yu’s soul, a sword energy reappeared.

The power of annihilation combined with the last part of the rules of Yellow Springs that Qin Yu saw and directly surged into Evil Eye in his hand.

“Senior Wu Ji, I’ll help you make up for your regrets today!”

Hahaha, Qin Yu laughed crazily.

At this moment, only a trace of his origin was left. In that trace of memory, he could only vaguely remember Ruoxue, Wu Ji, Lei Xin, and a few other familiar yet unfamiliar people.

He focused his attention on the dignified middle-aged man in front of him, and his only will was to defeat him.

The traces of the power of rules of the Yellow Springs he had just manifested surged into Evil Eye, and in an instant, the green space changed…