Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

2452 Peerless Battle

In the air, Qin Yu’s scattered soul was refined from the dust with a kind of power of creation.

Merit points were the most basic rules of the ghost realm. The reason the ghost realm could persist till now from the lowest interfaces of different dimensions was closely related to this kind of order. All living beings were desperately trying to grow stronger to preserve the mental power of the core of their souls.

This kind of power of order could even change the heavens and lives.

Ever since Xiao Hai entered the ghost realm, the number of merit points he had accumulated had reached a considerable level.

This was also the reason why he was able to retain his last bit of origin. At this moment, he gave all his merit points to Qin Yu, allowing him to be reborn from the ghost realm.

“Go back, little brother Qin Yu.”

The vast long river of the Path of Ghost pierced through the crystal wall of the two realms, and Qin Yu’s soul suddenly entered.

At the instant Qin Yu disappeared, Xiao Hai’s eyes seemed to have undergone an indescribable change. It was the core change as if he had become a different person…

“From today onward, you are Xiao Hai of the ghost realm.”

Ksitigarbha’s deep eyes looked at the river of the Path of Ghost. “Using your body to exchange for his freedom. Is it worth it?”

Ksitigarbha stepped forward but did not leave.

Instead, he suddenly appeared before King Qin Guang and sensed the familiar internal qi.

King Qin Guang bowed slightly to show his respect and waited respectfully at the side.

“He has left the ghost realm, and the order of the ghost realm has been observed.”

Ksitigarbha stretched out his hand, and the Judge’s Brush and the Book of Life and Death appeared in his hand.

When these two items landed in his hands, they emitted terrifying light like two kingdoms.

This power was a hundred times more terrifying than the Ni family’s Ni Temple of Heaven.

These two ghost realm magical artifacts had already formed their own space and had their power of rules. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

If given sufficient time to grow, they might become the vast world of the demon, monster, ghost, and human race.

It was not an exaggeration to say that these two magical artifacts were the top-notch supreme treasures of the ghost realm. At this moment, the two treasures were truly releasing their power in the hands of Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva.

Ksitigarbha swept a glance and said in a deep voice.

Perhaps, compared to the masked woman and Xiao Hai, this variable was even more terrifying.

He should be killed!

A bright red cross landed on Qin Yu’s name.

The entire void rumbled.

More and more information entered the Book of Life and Death.

It included all of Qin Yu’s past life and future. This book actually absorbed information from the void and then deduced the past and future, displaying all of Qin Yu’s information on it.

The tip of the Judge’s Brush flickered with the terrifying power of life and death. One after another, the bright red brush cross stabbed on each thread of life.

Each cross represented the ultimate power of death.

The extreme power of death passed through the chains of rules via the Book of Life and Death. It was then passed on to Qin Yu through the way of fate.

That power pierced through the thread of fate and destroyed it, no longer existing.

On this thread of fate, he could no longer find any trace of Qin Yu.

Even a soul and a spirit could not be found as if this person no longer existed in the world.

Qin Yu’s past and future threads of life were all severed one by one.

The crisp sound of bells could be heard throughout the entire human world. This power was even comparable to the power of the Path of Heaven of the human race.

The sky of the entire human race changed color as if it had sensed the invasion of the alien race’s Path of Heaven.

Almost no one knew why this power would appear in the human world.

Qin Yu’s soul and his true body, thousands of miles away, strangely became illusory.

It was as if the density of his body had suddenly changed.

At this moment, Qin Yu’s soul and body were equivalent to the normal 50%, 40%, and 30%, and the last 5% was in a state between existence and non-existence.

“In the current time and world, kill him!”

As the last stroke landed, a bright light suddenly appeared.

Ksitigarbha’s expression suddenly became solemn.

A force suddenly appeared at the tip of the brush. No matter how he urged the Judge’s Brush.

Reincarnation in a single thought.

In the distance, the young leading Qin Yu stretched out his hand and stared at Ksitigarbha indifferently.

His hand emitted the power of reincarnation, and countless scenes seemed to appear in his eyes.

A massive power of reincarnation knocked the Judge’s Brush away. The terrifying power allowed the Judge’s Brush to break through the ghost realm, turning into a long rainbow and flying toward the human world.

Ksitigarbha did not have any emotional fluctuations when the supreme treasure left. His eyes had never left the young man the moment he appeared.

“I didn’t expect the human race to have an existence like you. If it weren’t for you stopping me, your existence might have caused the future of the ghost realm to change. Fortunately, you made a move today.”

Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva’s face showed a rare change of expression. He could sweep through the entire ghost realm with a single thought.

Even if an ant entered the ghost realm, he could instantly see through it.

However, he did not notice how this human had entered the ghost realm. In fact, he could only see a ball of fog when he looked over.

Cold sweat could not help but appear on his head.

“Xiao Hai and your life in exchange for that human’s chance of survival, is it really worth it?”

Ksitigarbha was somewhat puzzled.

Jun Yixian shook his head and did not answer Ksitigarbha’s question.

His soul turned into a vortex and disappeared into the void.

Ksitigarbha looked at the vortex of the soul. In the next moment, he and Jun Yixian appeared in a place of the past at the same time.

“Boom!”

Just as his palm was about to touch Jun Yixian, the power of reincarnation was activated again.

In the blink of an eye, the two appeared in countless scenes.

In the past, present, and future, and a child’s dream, he lived in an unpredictable future.

In the dreams of countless living beings, two figures appeared in an instant.

They seemed to be passers-by in their lives and would not even remember when they woke up. However, at this moment, the two were engaged in the most top-notch pursuit battle.

Jun Yixian’s expression was grave. He knew that if Ksitigarbha caught up to him, his soul would probably disappear in a breath.

Ksitigarbha was willing to give up the Judge’s Brush to lock onto him. His purpose had been very clear.

…

After a series of changes, Qin Yu’s transparent body began to recover.

The feeling of losing had finally disappeared.

Almost at the same time, a long rainbow instantly entered his soul. The speed was so fast that he almost did not have time to react.