Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2467 The Dual Cultivation of Souls

There was no sign of the monster race nearby in the following half a month.

During this time, Wang Feng took the opportunity to work with everyone to reinforce the concealment formation so that it was even more difficult to discover this place.

At this moment, Yan Ruoxue, cultivating in the Sumeru ring, seemed to have sensed something. Suddenly, a massive Path of Heaven qi burst out from her body.

With a movement of her body, she appeared in the sky above the town.

The spatial power rolled into a massive air current that enveloped her. In the void extremely afar, the phantom of a throne slowly took shape.

The Tribulation Fourth Level Condensed Throne.

“How terrifying. Qin Yu, you have also comprehended the Way of Space. You must see carefully. This advancement process is scarce.”

At this moment, numerous spatial dao techniques constantly manifested on Yan Ruoxue’s body. She was surrounded by her people and did not hide anything.

Flower Granny thus quickly reminded Qin Yu to take this opportunity to comprehend it.

“Qin Yu, come here.”

Yan Ruoxue, who was in the air, suddenly voice transmitted him.

Qin Yu was somewhat hesitant. He certainly understood Yan Ruoxue wanted him to comprehend the spatial power together with her.

Although he could now utilize some basic power of the origin, his foundation was rather weak

“It’s fine. Since Ruoxue asked you to go over, she should be confident that she won’t be affected.”

Flower Granny knew what he was worried about.

Qin Yu slowly floated up, his palms touching Yan Ruoxue’s.

In an instant, Qin Yu felt himself enter another consciousness space.

Yan Ruoxue was quietly comprehending the spatial dao technique there.

Qin Yu stood still, afraid that he would affect Yan Ruoxue.

His pupils constantly reflected traces of spatial rules. Under the effect of the desolate divine eye, the Way of Space Yan Ruoxue manifested was imprinted in Qin Yu’s soul even clearer.

Qin Yu slowly walked into Yan Ruoxue’s consciousness, and his soul simulated the faint power of the origin.

The two souls interacted without any defense, and this is what was known as the dual cultivation of souls.

Only when the souls of both parties were completely not on guard could this kind of cultivation take place. Otherwise, any interference could lead to going astray and being possessed.

In a short period, the two had gained a lot. Yan Ruoxue had just stepped into the fourth level and had yet to explore the power of the origin.

Although Qin Yu had grasped the rules of the origin, his understanding of the first three levels was not profound.

This time, with the help of Yan Ruoxue, his foundation of the spatial rules began to strengthen.

With a thought of Qin Yu’s, the Sumeru ring suddenly rippled like water. The space inside expanded at a speed visible to the naked eye. Although it was tremendously slow, it was still a great improvement.

The Five Emperor Coin released a faint light, and Qin Yu’s consciousness instantly sped up again.

As Qin Yu and Yan Ruoxue’s divine senses came into contact, many barriers of comprehension that they faced were quickly broken.

This swift improvement simply made Qin Yu feel incredulous.

For nearly three months, they immersed themselves in the thrill of this crazy cultivation.

“The chaotic body and Tianming’s bloodline are truly a perfect match. Even the soul interaction is so compatible. Look at Ruoxue’s Way of Space. She has vaguely advanced toward the middle stage of the Tribulation Fourth Level. The phantom of the throne in the void has become much more solid now. Even I feel jealous of this progress, hahaha!”

Lei Xin laughed loudly. Seeing the two improving at a terrifying speed, he could not help but laugh. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Yes, after returning to Zhongzhou, the marriage between the two will be on the agenda.” Flower Granny looked at the two and felt like seeing her younger self. She sighed inaudibly.

At this moment, the chaotic power of rules in Qin Yu’s sea of consciousness was instantly sorted out.

“Boom!”

His soul was exceptionally clear, and he manifested an exceptionally clear primordial rune in his hands.

“Haha, I love you so much, honey!”

Qin Yu’s soul stared at Yan Ruoxue, whose eyes were closed, and fiercely kissed her.

Yan Ruoxue blushed, and the spatial dao technique in her hand trembled, almost disintegrated, and collapsed outright. Qin Yu was taken aback and no longer dared to move recklessly.

The two improved tremendously fast in this cultivation.

Many people could not even break through one of the barriers in their lifetime, let alone make such progress within a short time.

However, when they returned to the town, Yan Ruoxue and Qin Yu seemed to have noticed something amiss.

“Qin Yu, did you feel it too?”

“Yes, another massive space seems connected to this place.”

Qin Yu said with a frown. Without the advancement in their cultivation realms, they would not have discovered this clue.

“Is it bigger than this place?”

Chang Mang asked curiously.

“It might be several hundred times larger, and there’s a good chance there are surviving human race. We can go explore.”

Qin Yu brought everyone to the coordinate point.

If humans were living on the continent below, their numbers might be much greater than here. After all, this was an incomparably vast spatial continent.

Yan Ruoxue placed her hand on that position, and the spatial qi in her hand emitted a dazzling light, trying to remove the seal.

“It doesn’t look like a formation, but more like being sealed by an enormous energy.”

Wang Feng initially wanted to see if he could help crack it, but then he realized it was not the power of formation at all.

“Boom!”

That energy burst out with a violent impact, directly repelling Yan Ruoxue.

“What a powerful energy! It’s impossible to open a spatial passageway to enter it. This energy has also completely sealed the void.”

“Let me try!”

Chang Mang’s fist landed on the seal, but it seemed to disappear without a trace.

His full-powered punch landed on it, but it did not even cause a ripple.

“Whoosh!”

The thunder echoed in Lei Xin’s hand, and his arm instantly released a thunder and lightning aura that people could not look directly at.

In the subsequent moment, he exhausted all his strength to penetrate it.

However, after his palm passed through, his wrist seemed to be strangled by an extreme force, unable to advance any further.

“There must be something strange down there. This pure power crystal wall doesn’t belong to a formation, nor is it a treasure. It’s just pure power gathering and accumulating in this space. I’m afraid only the mighty realm cultivator can do this. Could it be a human race mighty realm cultivator has set up a method here?”

Lei Xin analyzed and said. If no one was proficient in formations or the Way of Space, someone could use energy to block the space by force. However, the person who set up this method must be tremendously powerful.

“Whoosh!”

Qin Yu pressed his palms forward and suddenly placed his hands in front of the seal.

With a bang, the Northern Underworld Demonic Technique was activated.

Boundless energy flowed into his body like seawater. After the chaotic body absorbed this vast energy and the gradual removal of surface disguise, it revealed an incredibly pure vital energy of the monster race.