Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2471 The Buddhist Sect Reappears

“Screech!”

When the monster race saw this terrifying divine lightning, they did not retreat but advanced.

The 1,000 six-winged monster race was divided into 10 groups, leading the four-winged monster race to attack the triple-layered divine lightning fearlessly.

“Boom!”

Amidst the lightning flashing across the sky, only about 30 six-winged monster race at the front directly shattered.

The other monster race had actually withstood the Ninth Heaven Divine Thunder!

It was Immortal Emperor Lei’s most powerful technique and Lei Xin’s most formidable attack.

However, he could only kill about 30 six-winged monster race. This kind of battle record was indeed tragic.

“Lei Xin, don’t disperse your strength. These six-winged monster race are more skilled in their joint attack. Each team has the strength of the fourth level. It’s to their advantage if you disperse your strength!”

Flower Granny warned loudly. Just now, Lei Xin had wanted to kill the six-winged monster race as much as possible, but he did not expect them to be so strong. After a series of attacks, they could actually withstand the Ninth Heaven Divine Thunder.

After the first attack, the six-winged monster race changed its direction and charged toward the crowd.

“Whoosh!”

Flower Granny Hua turned into a stream of light and charged toward a group of monster race.

Wherever she went, the monster race army within a hundred meters of her would be cut into countless broken limbs by the petals that filled the sky. Even the six-winged monster race was not a match for her.

“Kill!”

When Flower Granny killed nearly half of the six-winged monster race in an instant, the team led by the six-winged monster race also swung their demonic halberds.

The terrifying power combined and struck the air. The air was like the arrow qi that shot toward Flower Granny.

“Boom!”

Chang Mang’s body directly met the air wave, smashing them into pieces.

“Flower Granny, just focus on killing the enemies. Jue Wu and I will defend against their attacks.”

Chang Mang roared. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The attack power of Jue Wu and him was too weak, and thus it was better to guard Flower Granny so that she could kill more six-winged monster race. This was the best strategy.

“Alright!”

Flower Granny took a deep breath and charged into the densely packed army again.

Lei Xin also focused all his power on one point, no longer unleashing large-scale attacks. He was like Asura in the army. Wherever he went, he would cause many casualties in the monster race army.

Lei Xin’s speed was tremendously fast, and his defense was much stronger than Flower Granny’s, so there was no need to worry.

In the battle, the soul power of countless dead monster race slowly attached themselves to Qin Yu’s Evil Eye.

Especially the six-winged monster race’s soul power, which seemed to have been modified by the monster race’s power of the Path of Heaven. The instant it entered Evil Eye, Qin Yu felt an uncontrollable excitement in Evil Eye.

At this moment, since they arrived at the Solitary Shadow Continent, Evil Eye had already absorbed hundreds of thousands of monster race’s souls.

These monster race’s souls were those monster race armies. Their souls were tremendously powerful. The power of these hundreds of thousands of souls had reached a terrifying level.

However, Qin Yu dared not attack. He seemed to have smelled a terrifying internal qi wandering in the space, which was tremendously difficult to capture.

If it was not for the Dual Cultivation of Soul with Yan Ruoxue and his spatial power of rules had improved significantly this time, he would probably not have noticed this weak fluctuation.

“Moon Demon Godly King!”

Qin Yu took a deep breath. If this fellow were to launch a sneak attack, be it Lei in or Flower Granny would find it difficult to resist.

At this moment, Lei and Flower Granny began to be caught in a difficult situation. After killing nearly 300 to 400 six-winged monster race, they were exhausted.

For each of the attacks, they needed to exhaust their greatest strength to attack and kill this monster race.

No matter how profound their souls were, they had fought dozens of times in a row and felt a recurring sense of fatigue washing over.

Among the monster race, there seemed to be a special connection among them instead.

After every attack, they would regroup into new formations and charge at everyone again.

Under such an orderly attack, Lei Xin and the others were soon trapped in a quagmire.

The monster race army split into eight massive troops, surrounding them layer by layer.

At this moment, Lei Xin, whose prowess began to decline, attacked twice in a row but was forcefully suppressed. He did not even kill a single six-winged monster race.

It was the same for Flower Granny. She attacked with all her might several times in a row, wanting to break through the encirclement of the monster race army, but was directly blocked by the six-winged monster.

In an instant, their figures were submerged among the monster race army.

The Road of Yin and Yang!

A black and a white sword energy slashed out fiercely. Under the energy of the Yin Yang Sword, the terrifying sword energy turned into a path to hell wherever it passed.

Nearly 100 six-winged monster race were cut into halves on the spot. The souls of 700 to 800 six-winged monster race shattered instantly, and their corpses directly smashed onto the ground.

Almost at the same time, the Sumeru ring materialized behind Qin Yu.

A massive world turned from illusion to reality. Almost at the same time, a destructive arrow qi pierced through it.

Moon Demon Godly King!

Half of the world was instantly shattered by a terrifying force. A black phantom slowly pierced out like a swimming dragon. After a breath, it broke through the entire world and then ruthlessly hit Qin Yu’s back.

Qin Yu’s body was sent flying, leaving behind a ravine that was tens of thousands of feet long.

“Fortunately, I’ve guessed correctly!”

Qin Yu was drenched in cold sweat. The instant he attacked, he immediately set up a defensive barrier behind his back. As expected, Moon Demon Godly King attacked.

This powerful arrow was mitigated by the Sumeru World.

Therefore, the other forces that struck him could not cause him any severe injuries.

He took the opportunity of this power and arrived beside Lei Xin and the others.

“Come inside!”

The Sumeru qi enveloped everyone and then entered the Sumeru ring.

Qin Yu’s body moved slightly, and he disappeared from where he was.

Almost instantly, the Moon Demon Godly King and many troops chased after Qin Yu.

…

At that moment, three monks appeared at the seal.

Their internal qi was powerful, and as the person leading walked, the world seemed to be chanting Sanskrit.

In his soul, he had already communicated with the Buddhist Kingdom, and there was a hint of the Buddhist Kingdom’s divinity.

This kind of power was similar to the Tribulation Fifth Level, the cultivation realm of the power of origin.

These three people were from the Ten Thousand Buddha Sect. They were Wan Li, Wan Ming, and Wan Kong. They had sensed the internal qi of Chen Zhisha and had wanted to search for him. They did not expect to encounter such a change here.

“This is actually the breeding ground of the monster race. If these juniors had not accidentally opened it, I’m afraid we would still have been kept in the dark by the monster race. Moreover, it seems that Martial Uncle has been here. I seem to have sensed Martial Uncle’s internal qi. I wonder if Martial Uncle has entered.”

A tall monk said with a frown. He was Wan Li, the leader of the three.