Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2472 Preserving the Tinder

“I seem to have sensed the power of Two Great Godly Kings. One of them is the strongest Godly King of the monster race, the Asura Godly King. We have to enter quickly. Otherwise, I’m afraid that these little fellows will…”

“Junior Brother is right, but we still have to be careful. The power of the Two Great Godly Kings is not to be underestimated. Moreover, I can also sense the formidable power of the Path of Heaven of several monster races. I wonder what the monster race plans to set up at this place.”

With that, the three turned into three golden lights and suddenly entered the passageway.

At the entrance, an enormous figure blocked the three of them.

It was a gigantic monster race with fiery red hair and a rough appearance.

He had a ferocious smile, and his image was fearsome. One seemed to be able to see his vengeful and malicious heart. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Furthermore, its body was shockingly tall, with three heads and six arms.

His body was bluish-black, and his six-arm postures were the first hand holding the palms together, the second hand holding the fire, the third left hand holding a knife and a staff, and the third right hand holding a tael.

“It’s you as expected, Asura Godly King. Back then, after the battle with my Ten Thousand Budhha Sect, you were again suppressed in the monster realm for many years. Are you going to experience another reincarnation cycle?”

Wan Li put his palms together and calmly stared at the Asura Godly King.

“Hahaha, back then, the human race occupied the power of the Path of Heaven. The number of Immortal Emperors was more than the other three races combined. However, the human race was courting death. They actually wanted to break through the shackles of the Path of Heaven, which led to its backlash. Now, the human race is barely hanging on. If you know what’s good for you, you should submit to the consciousness of the Lord of the monster race as soon as possible. Perhaps, during the time of destruction in the future, you can still keep a tinder.”

The Asura Godly King laughed loudly.

“How can the changes of the Path of Heaven be explained with just a few words? Misfortunes and blessings rely on each other. The alliance of the three races will only cause the human race to be more united. The fire of the human race will blaze your world in the future. At that time, our Buddha will definitely save all the monster race.”

Wan Li said word by word to the last word.

Every single word was like a clap of thunder as it smashed toward the Asura Godly King.

It was the demon-suppressing sound that evolved from the power of the origin of the word “Budhha.” Under the Sanskrit sound, the entire sky and earth were filled with flying sand and rolling stones, wildly swaying.

“Boom!”

The flames in the hands of the Asura Godly King clashed against that Buddhist sound. Instantly, an aura of death and fear emanated from his weapon, and as he made his move, the entire space ignited into a raging fire.

In the instant of an attack, they were actually evenly matched.

“This demon has advanced a lot. Its body seems to have been modified by the power of the Path of Heaven of the monster race. My Buddhist sound actually fails to shake it.”

Wan Li said with a solemn expression.

“It’s my turn, bald monk.”

Killing intent surged on the Asura Godly King.

In an instant, the world in front of Wan Li and the other two seemed to have changed. They had come to an endless sea of blood.

Endless killing intent surrounded them, and the Asura Sea rippled under their feet.

Boundless killing intent slowly seeped into their bodies from beneath their feet and entered their souls.

Asura was a mighty realm cultivator in Buddhism once reprimanded by Tathagata because of killing.

During the war in the previous year of the Path of Heaven, he was bewitched by the monster race’s Path of Heaven and fell into the Path of Demon.

The two people behind Wan Li slightly trembled as if they could not withstand the killing intent as vast as the sea.

Tathagata’s Heart Summoning Sutra!

Wan Li put his palms together, and the chanting sound emanated slowly.

These scriptures were like the ultimate truths of the Path of Heaven, resounding throughout the entire space.

Along with the resounding chanting of scriptures, the blood-red color in Wan Kong and Wan Ming’s eyes gradually disappeared.

“Gathering hundreds of millions of human race women here for enforced copulation is an act that aroused the indignations of heavens and the humans. You, monster race, should be executed!”

Wan Li’s voice was calm, but the two juniors behind him, who were familiar with him, knew the anger of his senior brother had risen to the utmost after he saw the situation here.

Vajra Strike of the Brahma Sea!

Great Compassion of Tathagata!

Lotus Flower Holy Technique!

World-engulfing Heavenly Flame!

At this moment, Brahman Sea and Mahavairocana Buddha appeared behind Wan Li, and a lotus flower burning with world-destroying flames appeared beneath it.

Four powerful techniques instantly formed around him.

Four Buddhas Eliminating Sin!

Wan Li slowly extended his palm, and his surroundings turned into a golden ocean.

Even the blood-red light of the Asura Sea was suppressed.

The four techniques combined and transformed into a gigantic Fire Lotus of World Annihilation attacking the Asura Godly King.

It was not a simple gentle combination, but a perfect combination of four techniques.

It was like the wood creating fire and water nurturing wood.

The moment the four techniques combined, their power instantly increased nearly tens of times. The dazzling golden light even dimmed the world.

The only thing left in the entire world was the Fire Lotus of World Annihilation.

“Four paths as one, you’ve actually advanced to this point!”

The destructive internal qi caused the Asura Godly King’s expression to change slightly.

A person slowly descended from the sky and gently placed the Fire Lotus of World Annihilation on his palm. He then closed his palms.

The tremendously terrifying Fire Lotus of Annihilation actually disappeared just like that.

Seeing the person arriving, Asura Godly King snorted coldly before turning around and leaving.

“Martial Uncle, why?”

Wan Li asked in confusion when he saw the sudden appearance of Chen Zhisha.

“If killing one Asura can resolve the matter, I will save a thousand people. However, this is useless. What Asura Godly King said is indeed a danger to our human race. Currently, the monster race has yet to form its power. I wish to make a deal with them so that the human race can preserve the tinder of hope after the chaotic times.”

Chen Zhisha said softly.

Wan Li’s pupils revealed a look of disbelief. “This is the Path of Heaven of the monster race. Isn’t Martial Uncle attempting a risky deal? Didn’t Martial Uncle Chen see the miserable state of all the humans here?”

All dharmas arise from causes and effects. Through their convergence, they are accomplished. All dharmas cease due to causes and effects. The cycle of cause and effect is not eternal. The Buddha said all is empty, everything in the world is illusory, and so is the suffering in life. Why not let nature take its course and let go of your obsessions? The Ten Thousand Buddha Sect wants to make a deal with the other three races. The condition is that when the human race is at the end of its rope, they must preserve a portion of the human race’s tinder.”

Chen Zhisha turned his back and ignored Wan Li and the others, leaving the three stunned.

“Bullsh*t! Bullsh*t! Bullsh*!”

Even someone with Wan Li’s cultivation was so angry that his face turned red.

There must be a condition to keep the tinder. Was the Ten Thousand Budhha Sect going to surrender to the alien races and harm the human race?

Moreover, the war had yet to begin. There were only local wars now. The real war had yet to start.

Wan Li didn’t believe the human race would end in such a dangerous situation.

“Wan Kong, Wan Ming! Follow me to kill the monster race!”

Wan Li let out a furious roar and a palm print slammed into a group of six-winged monster race army.

In an instant, dozens of six-winged monster race were smashed into meat pies. The other two also rushed into the monster race army and started killing.