Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2484 The Revered of the Qi Family

He threw out a crystal ball, which was playing the recorded video.

Xiao Sheng was now a member of the demon race, and his soul had been imprinted in the monster race’s Path of Heaven.

In the recent battles, Xiao Sheng had stained his hands with the blood of countless human cultivators.

Especially during the battle with the Ni family’s Holy Lord, the Holy Lord was severely injured.

Moreover, he only attacked human cultivators and had never lost until now. His notorious reputation had long attracted the attention of the eight major forces. In the internal details, he had already been listed as a key person for observation.

Exceptional human race experts would be eying on him whenever he appeared in the Holy Region.

These few times, Teng Zixu confronted him. Therefore, he did not have the chance to kill the human race’s top-notch martial artists.

The most terrifying thing was that even when facing Teng Zixu, he was not at a disadvantage.

However, it was a situation where both sides held back. The actual outcome of the battle was unpredictable.

“This brat has a good relationship with Xiao Hai and Xiao Sheng. The three Supreme Elders of my Ni family went deep into the Nanzhou and North Plain and spent nearly three years visiting countless related people. They were lucky enough to get this record.”

Ni Qian stepped back expressionlessly. He knew that this thing would cause changes once it was released. At this moment, he did not need to say anything.

“How about it? You guys can wait for him to absorb more human forces and then join the demon race. Maybe you can see if he has a kind heart. Maybe he will feel guilty after seeing us being humiliated by the alien race and then protect some of our human race.”

Hua Qianjie stared at Gu Baiyi and Jiang Qingyuan mockingly.

Gu Baiyi and Jiang Qingyuan had once met Qin Yu in the ninth level of purgatory. At that time, Qin Yu had miraculously survived Nightmare, which shocked them tremendously.

In addition, the saintesses and Holy Sons of the two families had a good relationship with Qin Yu, so they naturally had a good impression of him. Moreover, Gu Baiyi really felt that Qin Yu might be the hope of the human race in the future. She wanted to protect this genius of the human race.

But now that the image appeared, they could no longer utter a word.

It was because neither the Gu nor the Jiang family could bear the consequences.

If the Human Race Watch really joined the demon race, it would be a tremendous blow to the human race.

The Human Race Watch now had Saintess Yan, having the most dense bloodline of Immortal Emperor Tianming, Lei Xin, the former dean of Thunder Courtyard, and even Flower Granny, who had comprehended the power of time.

Coupled with the Evil Eye in Qin Yu’s hands, the treasures of the Jee family’s ancestors, the Coffin of Nine Lifetimes, and other treasures.

But with Ni Qian showing the image of the resistance in Nanzhou and North Plain, this matter had risen to another level.

The chair’s back was tall and wide, presenting a magnificent design. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

It was carved with the symbol of royal power, featuring on the backrest the former crown that had the emblems of the Great Xia Kingdom.

The back of the throne was decorated with gems, and at this moment, the throne was shining with dazzling light.

Two of the three seats were empty, and the person in one of the seats let out a slight cough.

At this moment, everyone immediately restrained their voices, and it was no longer as noisy as before.

“Gu Baiyi, Jiang Qingyuan, Lei Li, and Si Liuhe, the four of you go and talk to the higher-ups of the Human Race Watch. The Human Race Watch hasn’t done anything that harms the human race, so it’s not appropriate to kill them directly. However, they had to ensure that if Qin Yu joined the demon race, the Human Race Watch would not be bewitched by him. In addition, Qin Yu will also be under supervision. You guys can gauge this matter yourselves.”

After saying this, the person on the throne had disappeared as if he had never appeared on it.

“The Revered Qi’s strength seems to be getting increasingly unpredictable. Just now, with just a voice transmission, I felt all my secrets exposed in front of him. I also felt he could kill me with his divine sense. Fortunately, the Revered Qi is the power of our human race.”

Jiang Qingyuan wiped the sweat off his temples.

“The Revered of the Qi family is already at the peak of the fifth level a thousand years ago. Only such a character can intimidate the various forces. If not for the Revere Qi, I’m afraid the Holy Region would still be in disunity.”

Gu Baiyi nodded in agreement.

Almost all of the nine great aristocratic families had large populations. The number of outer and inner disciples added up to an enormous number.

For the Ji family, they had always been low-key.

Nonetheless, there were more than 300,000 people in the entire family, including the various outer disciples.

However, the Qi family was an exception. Every generation of the Qi family did not exceed 50 people.

But each generation’s family head was a person with tremendously terrifying talent.

Even in the Degenerate Age, the head of the Qi family was Qi Tong, who was rarely comparable to Wu Ji.

Although he was not as good as Wu Ji, his cultivation path also caused great pressure on Wu Ji.

When it came to the current family head, Qi Tianqi, he was even considered a top-notch figure. He had already reached the peak a long time ago and had been wandering around the various continents ever since.

Although their population was withering, the Qi family’s public resources from the nine great aristocratic families had never fallen short.

This was the might of the Qi family’s Holy Lord. Even Si Liuhe, an outstanding genius, had to obey his orders.

In the basin of the Bone Melting Pool in Azure Rock Forest…

Immortal Crane looked at Saint Xiao with an ambiguous smile. “This time, I tricked that little guy. Are you angry?”

Xiao Sheng sat cross-legged in the river of blood that could melt the bones, yet he seemed impervious to the excruciating pain.

“This is not a game, nor cultivation. This is a life and death battle between the two races…”

Immortal Crane looked at the human race continent, deep in thought.

“This is a game. Whoever stands at the end will be the final winner. If I reach the end, do you think it will be the human or demon race?”

“You seem to be talking a lot today. You must have made another breakthrough. What an interesting human.”

Immortal Crane laughed heartily.

“You’re boasting! You actually want to fight against the Great Dao of demon god! You really don’t know what’s good for you.”

The Vermilion Bird frowned. In her anger, the entire space was instantly incinerated. The Vermilion Bird’s flames burned the space into a massive glass.

The terrifying heat wave turned the surrounding 10,000 meters of the Bone Melting Pool into scorched earth.

“Then it will be my victory.”

A figure walked out of the sea of fire. The endless sea of fire seemed to be unable to touch Xiao Sheng at all.