Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2509 Arrival from Ghost Realm

Even if Yan Guyun were probably slightly weaker than him, he could not reach Xiao Hai’s level even if he used Divine Destiny Pagoda.

Xiao Hai did not chase after Lei Huan but closed his eyes instead.

He seemed to comprehend the power of the Path of Heaven of the ghost race, and an even more terrifying fluctuation kept accumulating on his body.

Under two consecutive wide-range attacks, several thousand human race cultivators had perished at his hands.

His strength seemed boundless, and he was about to attack again.

Xiao Hai raised his head slightly, and two fingers pointed down.

His expression froze, and the power of the Path of Heaven seemed to pour into the quagmire without the slightest overflow.

“Your opponent is me.”

Si Shiyue blocked the fingers with his palm.

The power shifted like the movement of stars and after circling his palm, he punched Xiao Hai again. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Boom!”

A shadow of the Fifth Mountain appeared in his palm, and the weighty mass of rocks and towering peaks exploded instantly.

Xiao Hai was sent flying. This sudden change attracted the attention of many people instantly.

“Si Shiyue has recovered from his injuries!”

The people of the Si family shouted excitedly.

After the retreat of many years, Si Shiyue finally exhibited his power to everyone for the first time. He did not disappoint the Si family.

Xiao Hai, who had easily killed two people, was sent flying. The mountain peak transformed into a glove again and landed on his hand.

It was the glove that Qin Yu had given to Yan Tianshi previously. He did not know what deal Si Liuhe had made with Yan Tianshi and Yan Tianshi had given this Peak of Tribulation Transcending divine artifact to the Si family.

Xiao Hai tapped lightly in the air and returned to the side of the ghost race.

“How is it?”

“Very strong. If need be, I can entangle him to prevent him from attacking others.”

“Has Big Brother become so strong?”

Si Shiyue of the Si family looked at the figure above his head in a daze. He suddenly felt that it was unreal.

He had always benchmarked against Si Shiyue, and the gap between them was a chasm he believed he could bridge.

At this moment, the power Si Shiyue displayed had completely shaken his confidence to catch up.

“This is the cruelty of the path of cultivators. Before the arrival of the Golden Path of Heaven, many might have considered themselves at the forefront. Now that the prosperous age of the Path of Heaven has descended, the true disparities are revealed. Bloodline inheritance, arrangements made by predecessors, and personal cosmic luck, all might have been predestined long ago.”

Si Liuhe sensed Si Shiyu’s mindset and sighed.

During the change of the Path of Heaven year, he had advanced to True Saint in an invincible manner.

He killed Xuanji Zi and used his newly advanced True Saint power to fight against Dean Lei, in which he was only one move away.

At that time, he believed he would be at the peak of the human race. It took time to accept this sense of disparity gradually.

“There’s no need, as she should be here soon. It’s time to test whether the human race really has a reserve or has long exhausted it. If we’re lucky, today will be the day the human race falls.”

Ksitigarbha’s expression suddenly turned murderous.

Almost at the same time, Su Xinghe, the loli of the Divine Night Sect, Revered Qi, Si Shiyue, Yan Ruoxue, and others with profound cultivation, their expressions suddenly turned extremely ugly.

They simultaneously turned their gaze toward the land of the ghost race.

An extremely terrifying power suddenly descended in the passage that connected the ghost realm and the human world.

“Why is there another one of the fifth level and above in the ghost realm? And we didn’t notice anything!”

Revered Qi gritted his teeth and clenched his fists. His knuckles protruded, and his veins exposed on his skin like a restless viper. His fingernails dug deep into his palm, and blood seeped out, but he subconsciously ignored it. He pursed his lips tightly and gritted his teeth so hard that they made cracking sounds. He seemed to want to crush all his anger.

Kunlun’s Su Xinghe and Divine Night Sect’s loli’s expressions were extremely ugly.

An advancement above the fifth level must have gone through a long journey, and it was tremendously easy to sense its process.

Especially when they were all at the fifth level and above, and they could sense it with their souls, even if it was someone from the alien race.

Reaching this cultivation realm was indeed fighting for the power of heaven and earth.

With each additional person, there would be a smaller portion of the power of heaven and earth to share.

It was like the struggle for survival among the most primitive creatures, where the most elite predators would always be a minimal fixed number.

Suddenly, Su Xinghe and the others felt a chill run down their spines.

With one less top predator and the ghost race’s complete concealment, they managed to secure their position again this time.

“This time, the human race can’t suffer any more losses. If it really doesn’t work, we can only…”

Su Xinghe’s expression was grim. The sword aurora in his hand buzzed to the extreme as if it had sensed its master’s intense killing intent.

The battle continued, and many living beings died almost every second.

However, as the figure slowly walked over from the void, more and more people sensed that terrifying existence.

Those powerful cultivators stopped attacking concurrently instead.

They waited quietly for that person to descend.

Finally, amidst the lightning that filled the sky, the sky suddenly turned dark, and dark clouds covered the sky. The entire world seemed to have become dimmed. The wind stopped blowing, and the earth seemed to tremble. An invisible pressure enveloped everything in the surroundings, making people shudder.

A figure slowly drifted out from space, moving as if swimming through water.

A silver mask slowly appeared in front of everyone.

At this moment, in the Sumeru World, Qin Yu was completely unaware of the situation outside.

Even if it was a tremendously intense battle, he was completely unaware.

Facing He Teng’s meteor blast, even if he used all his six acupoints…

At the last moment, his soul stretched out and transmitted an extremely terrifying sense of death.

This reminder had appeared a few times before, and it seemed to be the power left behind by his father.

The previous reminder was when Qin Yu was comprehending the sea of space and was about to fuse her soul imprint with the sea of the Path of Heaven.

After that feeling, Qin Yu stopped this method and walked the path of anomaly.

This time, the reminder made Qin Yu channel nearly half of his power into the desolate divine eye. At the final moment, he again locked onto He Teng.

Observing the power recovery ability of his body, the sudden burst of power finally allowed him to grasp a clue at the last moment.

That power was a brand-new power that combined the soul and the demonic power in his body. The monster race Qin Yu had seen, whether it was Xiang Yu, the eight-winged monster race army, or the Godly King…