Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

2510 Meditation Power

In fact, most people had tremendously terrifying souls and wills.

Therefore, the Path of Heaven of the monster race had modified their demonic bodies to enhance their strength in another way.

It was the power that He Teng could instantly recover whenever he was injured.

Meditation!

The power of meditation was the transformation power of the Path of Heaven of the monster race.

It forcefully combined their souls with the demonic power in their bodies in a strange way.

The two became a kind of power. The terrifying demonic body combined with their own will.

God said, “Let there be light.”

God said, “Rocover.” As a result, the wounds on his body would heal incredibly rapidly.

God said, “Let there be strength.” As a result, their demonic bodies could unleash incredibly terrifying power.

This kind of combined power would allow them to hypnotize themselves instantly and erupt with terrifying potential.

Even if they were on the verge of death, as long as they forced themselves to meditate…

They imagined the wound to be very minor and would heal very quickly.

And the body would heal at an incredibly rapid pace. However, this was a kind of power obtained by sacrificing the path of the future.

The combination of the soul and the demonic power in the body made it difficult for the soul to sense the distant power of the Path of Heaven.

This was the terrifying aspect of the monster race’s Path of Heaven. It combined the strongest will with the most formidable body after transformation.

Under the leadership of the overlord of the monster race, the eight-winged army could even launch sneak attacks on people above the fifth level. This was the most terrifying cross-level battle since ancient times.

At the last moment, Qin Yu finally used his ultimate desolate divine eye to detect this strange meditation power.

He completely unleashed the power of the soul, and the power surged into his body.

However, he could not completely fuse the power of the soul with his body like the monster race’s Path of Heaven.

Therefore, he only forcefully used the power of the soul to split into six parts and pierce deep into his six acupoints.

Although it was not completely fused with the strength of the body, it was still temporarily fused in a different way.

Meditation!

A green power suddenly erupted from Qin Yu’s body. The light was somewhat similar to the power that He Teng had previously unleashed.

As soon as He Teng’s power descended, he left a tremendously strong faith behind.

“Alive!”

The terrifying power shattered all of Qin Yu’s bones, flesh, and internal organs.

However, when the last glazed holy bone was left, the power exploded with such a powerful fluctuation that even He Teng’s full-powered attack could not destroy it.

That was how Qin Yu could stay alive. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

At this moment, with the help from Heart of the Ocean, his body finally recovered. The violent elemental energy of heaven and earth during this battle contained tremendously formidable water elements.

This also allowed the Heart of the Ocean to absorb endless power. Otherwise, he did not know how long his body would take to recover fully.

“My current body is too weak. I have to absorb energy quickly to regenerate the glazed holy bone.”

Qin Yu smiled bitterly and moved his arm.

His current body was formed by mere condensation.

It was not the strength of the glazed holy body at all.

However, amidst the turmoil, he discovered that after this rebirth, the hardness of that section of the spine’s holy bone had surged to another level. He felt it had become nearly 50% stronger compared to previously.

This was a terrifying increase. The destructive power of He Teng’s meteoric downfall seemed to have created an even harder Glazed Holy Body for him.

Extending from this spine, the body that appeared later would definitely be even more formidable, and this was not something Qin Yu had expected.

However, nearly 30% of his life force seemed to have been extracted.

At this moment, the life force contained in his body was noticeably much dimmer than before.

“What a terrifying power of the Fallen Godly King. Both are at the fifth level, but the gap is so great.”

Qin Yu could not help but tremble slightly. He had initially thought of using the power of his six acupoints to block this attack.

He had combined the recovery power of meditation that he had comprehended at the last moment, coupled with the explosive power of his six acupoints to offset a portion of the power, and the miraculous Heart of the Ocean to fully recover. He even absorbed his terrifying life force.

The combination of these factors finally saved his life.

It recovered incredibly fast, and Qin Yu’s desolate divine eye observed this change meticulously.

Countless divine thoughts in his divine sea were frantically deducing the Way of Meditation. The Five Great Emperors slowly revealed their phantoms and sent their thoughts into Qin Yu’s soul.

Qin Yu’s soul deduction accelerated a hundredfold, now allowing him to grasp the tangled threads and find the starting point of the mess.

Therefore, deepening the utilization of this power became much simpler than before.

Qin Yu was immersed in this extreme deduction. As time passed, he had already deduced this meditation technique to the limit he could use.

He let out a gentle sigh of relief and slowly withdrew his exhausted desolate divine eye.

If he were to face He Teng’s final attack now, he was confident that he could leave a more complete bone for himself.

This kind of power was indeed terrifying. It was the pinnacle of physical strength unleashed.

This meditation power should be able to be further developed and expanded, and it would be another tremendously powerful method.

Now, he was circulating his soul surging in his body with the surging power of his six acupoints.

The fusion between the soul and the body was only to a very small extent.

To achieve the utmost power of the soul fusion and then unleash the power, the two would have to disengage. It was an incredibly challenging balance to attain.

However, from the information Qin Yu had grasped, achieving a complete fusion between soul and body was very challenging, given his current strength.

They could only temporarily fuse and then immediately separate.

In that instant, it was indeed sufficient to erupt the power of meditation.

“Qin Yu, you’re awake? Are you alright?”

The Sumeru World shook, and Yan Ruoxue’s body suddenly appeared.

As soon as she entered, she rushed into Qin Yu’s arms and hugged him tightly.

“I’m fine. I haven’t even married you yet. How can there be any problems?”

Qin Yu hugged Yan Ruoxue in his arms and greedily smelled the faint fragrance of her hair.

“But I saw He Teng’s power hit you. It was too terrifying. Although I could feel your life force from the glazed holy bone, I thought you couldn’t recover without several decades.”

Tears welled up in Yan Ruoxue’s eyes, and blood stained her clothes.

She dared not stop just now, afraid that she would face the terrifying reality if she did.