Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2512 Future Movement

It was terrifying just to force the human race to reveal this card, indicating that the alien race not only knew the deepest secrets of the human race but had also prepared various methods.

While the human race lost a big trump card, they only suffered some losses in their middle-level elites.

They could quickly replenish the losses through the power of their race.

“Can this formation be activated in the future?”

Qin Yu frowned and asked.

“According to Revered Qi, it will take some time to accumulate energy before it can be activated again, but…”

Lei Xin smiled bitterly. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

With such a massive attack power, it would probably take a long time, even just accumulate energy.

Moreover, would the alien race give them the opportunity?

The activation of the formation meant exposing all the formation coordinates. Could the power of the current human race protect these coordinates?

“However, there’s also good news. Even though the three races made such arrangements, they were hit by the edge of the Heaven-slaying Formation. Ksitigarbha, Immortal Crane, Xiang Yu, and the masked woman were all heavily injured. Ksitigarbha’s Book of Life and Death, Immortal Crane’s demon race crown, and Xiang Yu’s demon halberd should have also been damaged. The higher-ups should have more or less suffered from serious injuries. In a short time, the alien race won’t be able to attack the human race again.”

Lei Xin continued.

After the conversation, Qin Yu had a rough understanding of what happened after he fainted.

Although what the dean said in the end was good news, such a battle achievement was not worth mentioning compared to what the human race had lost.

Otherwise, the three races would not have forced the human race to use this trump card with all their might.

In the future, if the human race faced the alien race going all out to attack them, they would no longer have such a life-saving trump card.

It would be a real battle of life and death at that time. Qin Yu sighed and asked.

“How are the casualties of Human Race Watch this time?”

“The situation of Human Race Watch in this war was extremely dire, with casualties exceeding 30%. Particularly, the newly joined Gu family, the casualties were also tremendously heavy.”

Lei Xin sighed and said.

“After this war, Human Race Watch will also take action. Currently, I plan to take a group of people to purgatory. While the higher-ups of the alien race are severely injured, we will do our best to train up the power of Human Race Watch. Compared to the elites of the other races, our current strength is too weak.”

Qin Yu nodded. This time, the difference in the number of people between the two sides was tremendous.

To the human race, this result was indeed very ordinary.

However, this battle should have also awakened many of the human race still immersed in their own world. The current human race was indeed in danger.

The human race was no longer the king of all races. The human race was now in an absolutely weak position.

“Gather them. If they are willing to join us and go together, we can impart the first part of the Brilliance of Stars and Moon combined attack technique to them. Many people from the Jee family and the Thunder Courtyard have expressed interest. Coupled with the Gu family that suffered substantial losses in this battle, we can assemble a team of cultivators who can be taught. This will undoubtedly be of great help in the future.”

Qin Yu nodded. This time, the eight-winged monster race army and the Overlord General Xiang Yu actually managed to entangle the loli from the Divine Night Sect.

If they could also form this combat power, it would undoubtedly be of great help.

Moreover, with so many of the heavily injured higher-ups, the ambushes that he had been worried about would be significantly reduced.

Previously, the higher-ups wanted to go deep into various places to hunt the alien race but were worried about being ambushed by the alien race.

This time, although the human race had revealed their trump card, they had taken advantage of the fact that the alien race experts were heavily injured.

Especially the most terrifying forces like Immortal Crane, Ksitigarbha, the eight-winged army, and others, the risk of them attacking was much lower.

Qin Yu could also consider doing things he dared not do previously, such as exploring the treasures of the Jee family’s ancestors, the secrets of the tombs in the ninth level of purgatory, and killing the monster race in various places.

He could start arranging for these things now. Once they recovered, it would be equivalent to wasting the Heaven-slaying Formation of the human race.

“Alright, let’s not delay. I’ll immediately issue a decree to assemble an expeditionary force and we will set off quickly.”

“Alright, I will continue to take charge of the operation of Human Race Watch, as well as the registration and investigation of the recruits. Human Race Watch would rather have nothing than have something inferior. We must not recruit people to make up the numbers.”

Ji Yue nodded. As more and more people joined Human Race Watch, she was getting increasingly busier.

Cultivators were not disconnected from the mortal world unless they had cultivated the Glazed Holy Body like Qin Yu.

His body could absorb a terrifying amount of elemental energy every second. Otherwise, it would be like Yan Ruoxue, Lei Xin, and others who would need to use spiritual essence and other things if they wanted to cultivate quickly.

Moreover, as the war between the various races intensified, a more terrifying thing began to surface.

The spiritual energy between heaven and earth seemed to be becoming scarce. Although it was only slight, as time passed, if this situation worsened, it would probably cause a huge disaster for the human race.

As almost all of the human race relied on spiritual energy to cultivate, the amount of spiritual energy consumed by the entire human race at every moment was at a terrifying scale.

Even if the amount of spiritual energy between heaven and earth slightly decreased, it would impact the human race significantly.

Therefore, Human Race Watch’s demand for spiritual essence was immense. Every one of the higher-ups naturally contributed their utmost effort to supply it.

However, no one from the people below could have much to exchange for spiritual essence and treasures.

If this system’s issues remained unresolved, no matter how well Himan Race Watch shouted their slogans, the people would fall into chaos no matter how selfless they were.

These were all complicated problems. Qin Yu, Lei Xin, Flower Granny, and the others had headaches looking at them, so they asked Ji Yue to take charge of them.

“Qin Yu, fortunately, we obtained a lot of wealth previously. Otherwise, we would deplete the resources eventually. In this battle, apart from killing alien races on the largest scale, we must do our best to collect the resources. I have a feeling that if this continues, we won’t have enough resources!”

Ji Yue said to them worriedly.

“I understand. Sister Ji Yue, It’s been hard on you recently.”

Qin Yu said apologetically.

He had received Ji Yue’s immense kindness, but she was still doing the best of her ability to help Qin Yu. Qin Yu really did not know how to repay such kindness.

“Haha, little brother, if you feel guilty, kiss me again.”

Ji Yue stared at Qin Yu with a smile, her red lips moving closer to Qin Yu’s ear.

“Again?”

Yan Ruoxue furrowed her brows and pinched the soft flesh around Qin Yu’s waist.

Even if his body was made of glass, when faced with Yan Ruoxue’s real anger, he was in so much pain that tears almost flowed out from his eyes.