Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2519 Crushing Force

“The supreme treasure of the Gu family, the Heart of the Ocean, is indeed the supreme treasure in the water. It’s a top-grade magical artifact for healing injuries. Usually, with this kind of injury, one would have been severely injured and unable to fight again. I didn’t expect it to recover to its peak state instantly.”

Si Shiyue was surprised. He seemed not to expect Qin Yu to recover so soon.

“In any case, this power will eventually be exhausted, won’t it?”

Si Shiyue looked up at the sky and saw a shocking scene in a place incredibly far away.

The third throne, the fourth throne, and the fifth throne appeared one after another.

At this moment, even Teng Zixu, the chosen one with exceptional talent, looked at Si Shiyue with a hint of shock in his eyes.

Five thrones of the Path of Heaven formed at the same time.

It was the cultivation path that Si Shiyue had chosen when he broke through to the True Saint.

The breakthrough of a century marked the pinnacle.

The soul throne at the Tribulation Fourth Level was itself a divine sense imprint at the bottom of the sea of the Path of Heaven.

It condensed into a throne, leaving an imprint with the limit of 99% of individuals in a single strike, not to mention five thrones.

Moreover, these throne shadows stood tall between heaven and earth like the towering peaks of five great mountains, giving an extremely oppressive feeling.

Metal, wood, water, fire, and earth.

There were records left behind by the Immortal Emperor about the most fundamental Great Dao of Origin among the five elements in heaven and earth.

These five types of power could be extended and combined into the power of 10,000 Daos.

It was extremely difficult to comprehend any one of them to the extreme.

However, Si Shiyue had simultaneously comprehended all to the utmost.

It might be slightly weaker when activating the fifth-level power of origin compared with Ruoxue’s Way of Space.

However, he had many variations.

With this combination of the extensions of the five elements to all things, he could even deal with those below the fifth level if it was a battle with strength close to his.

At this moment, Si Shiyue’s figure appeared in front of the throne.

The power of the five Great Dao of Origin sank into the throne at the bottom of the sea of Path of Heaven.

It then surged out like a rainbow. For a moment, the abundant power of the five elements filled the entire space.

The rainbow-like force intertwined and transformed, instantly evolving into countless terrifying killing intent.

In an instant, the force penetrated Qin Yu’s body.

The power of the Heart of the Ocean frantically repaired his body.

“It’s useless. I can unleash this attack a thousand times in the blink of an eye. How are you going to defend yourself?”

Si Shiyue said indifferently.

As if in response to his words, Qin Yu was attacked by thousands of techniques again in an instant.

At this moment, it was as if thousands of colorful fireworks were blooming in the air.

Almost everyone was stunned.

The flaming dragons hovered in the sky, spewing scorching flames as if they were about to burn everything to ashes.

While Qin Yu was resisting the flaming dragon with all his might, the sky in heaven and earth seemed to dim.

The power of the earth suddenly appeared, and countless onlookers suddenly staggered.

They were either slumped over or sank deeply into the ground, while some suddenly floated up and flew lightly.

In an instant, the gravity of the entire space was in chaos.

A massive star suddenly fell from the distant sky.

Qin Yu was slammed into the ground, and he spat a mouthful of blood.

What terrifying strength!

At this moment, Qin Yu was also a little frightened.

Although these spells formed in an instant, each carried earth-shattering power.

In particular, some techniques that combined attributes of two Path of Heaven were even more powerful than he could withstand.

Even though the Heart of the Ocean was healing his injuries with all his might, Qin Yu could still feel his vitality trembling. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Si Shiyue’s phantom in the air looked into the distance, thinking about something.

With his calm demeanor, these terrifying techniques seemed to have nothing to do with him.

He was not in a hurry to deal with Qin Yu and just calculated the combination of these techniques quietly.

In his opinion, even Qin Yu in his prime was nothing to him, let alone Qin Yu in this state.

At this moment, Qin Yu was only an ant in his eyes and was not enough to arouse his interest at all.

This was the suppression of cultivation realms. Even if they were both at the Tribulation Fifth Level, there was still a significant difference in the cultivation realm.

Qin Yu…

“What a terrifying power of the five elements! Even when you, loli, were at the fifth level, you seemed a little weaker. Moreover, this method of splitting the soul into five is something that very few people can do. In the recent years of the Path of Heaven, only a few seem to be able to do it.”

Su Xinghe’s eyes pierced through the thousands of colorful spells and looked at Si Shiyue floating in the air.

“We are considered the last batch of people that enjoyed the blessing of the Path of Heaven. After many Immortal Emperors rebelled against the Path of Heaven, although the sea of the Path of Heaven did not bring about a huge disaster, it was obvious that the opportunities for breakthroughs were much lesser. Otherwise, there wouldn’t be so few beyond fifth-level living beings.”

The loli of Divine Night Sect nodded. Her mind was not on this battle.

To them, regardless of Si Shiyue or Qin Yu, they were goldfish below the fifth level that had been imprisoned by the Path of Heaven.

Only when they reached the level of the masked woman could they truly break through the barrier and the fish tank and leave.

“The fifth-level cultivators in this year of the Path of Heaven might have brilliant thoughts. Si Shiyue might have found something in Great Dao of Five Elements, so he split his divine sense into five and did such a crazy thing.”

Revered Qi said indifferently. Under the current Path of Heaven, breaking through to the fifth level was tremendously difficult.

Even the masked woman had experienced nine reincarnations and cultivated the Nine Paths Convergence.

After that, she used an exceptional method to transform her ghost realm body into a demonic body, and only then did she use this transformation to break through the barrier of the fifth level in one go.

One could imagine how difficult it was. Si Shiyue had already sensed the changes in the Path of Heaven and thus made such an unprecedented cultivation decision.

“The masked woman is already at the forefront. Next should be Si Shiyue. Let’s see if he can seize the opportunity to break the shackles of the Path of Heaven.”

Su Xinghe looked at Qin Yu. For some reason, he kept feeling that Qin Yu would not be defeated like this.

When Qin Yu fought against the Fallen Godly King, He Teng, he was certain that Qin Yu would surely die with that final strike. However, the outcome was beyond his imagination. That was why he had given Qin Yu a chance due to this mistake.

He felt that a person who could make him misjudge once would not be so simple.

“This is the energy I can summon with a raising my hand. You might need to expend massive spiritual energy to activate these spells, but I can execute them with a thought.”

One of Si Shiyue’s clones slowly walked up to Qin Yu.

“To let you die without regrets, I will use my strongest attack to let you completely understand the difference between us. You would not be my match even if you were in the state when you fought He Teng.”

The five enormous thrones in the void emitted a dazzling light concurrently.

Five terrifying powers of the origin of the Path of Heaven poured into Si Shiyue’s body almost at the same time.

The sea of the Path of Heaven of five elements erupted simultaneously.

Si Shiyue’s body seemed to have turned into an energy ball and was about to explode