Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

2520 Elemental Black Hole

The power of the origin of the Path of Heaven represented the original will of each Path of Heaven.

Qin Yu’s God-slaying Dusk was only a combination of the fourth-level power of destruction and the third-level Breath of Yellow Springs.

Not to mention Si Shiyue’s five powers of origin. Almost everyone was stunned at this moment.

Even the three fifth levels and above here revealed shocked expressions.

The face of Si Shiyue, on the five thrones, was contorted. His countenance became sharp and fierce, and the facial contours on his face distorted to the point of nearly deformed.

He bellowed and suddenly put his hands together.

That terrifying surging power was forcefully suppressed back into his body.

In an instant, the bright and sunny day suddenly turned pitch-black.

“Elemental Black Hole.”

A layer of pitch-black power appeared outside Si Shiyue’s body.

Numerous cultivators who had their divine sense on Si Shiyue’s body were shocked to discover that their divine sense had been cut off instantly.

Si Shiyue seemed to have vanished into a boundless void and beyond reach.

Even Qin Yu’s terrifying divine sense was torn apart instantly when his power got close to the layer of dark power beside Si Shiyue.

Fist of Annihilation!

At this moment, Qin Yu could sense a trace of extreme danger from the strange Elemental Black Hole’s power.

Without any hesitation, he unleashed the power of his six acupoints, and the power of destruction penetrated his body.

In an instant, tens of thousands of fist qi burning with black annihilation flames fell like raindrops.

“Phew!”

Si Shiyue, sitting on the throne, gently blew out a breath.

A breeze suddenly appeared out of nowhere.

Si Shiyue shifted his gaze toward Qin Yu, and Qin Yu felt the endless shackles in the void binding him.

The earth on the ground was tearing at him violently. The gravity seemed to be tearing his body into two.

“The Might of Heaven and Earth!”

Qin Yu finally understood that Ji Si Shiyue was not bragging.

He had felt this power from Xiao Sheng’s last punch. The heaven and earth seemed to have become a part of him.

At this moment, the power that Si Shiyue unleashed was ten times stronger than that of Xiao Sheng.

Even a gaze almost made him immobile.

Si Shiyue, sitting on the throne, suddenly stepped forward.

When his foot landed, he had already appeared before Qin Yu.

Qin Yu had a strange feeling about Si Shiyue, who was next to him.

His gaze toward Si Shiyue seemed to have been fixed. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Following that, it slowly pierced through in slow motion.

The passage of time near his body became distorted and unpredictable.

A second seemed to be an eternity and a year was just a blink of an eye.

It distorted the nature of time and trapped you in an endless time vortex, unable to escape forever.

Was this the Might of Heaven and Earth? It can even change time and all the powers between heaven and earth must obey the orders.

Qin Yu only felt his body begin to turn into the most primitive particles.

When the dark power passed through his body, his body completely turned into nothingness, disappearing utterly.

“It’s over.”

He said softly as numerous clones entered Si Shiyue’s body.

However, almost instantly, he revealed a shocked expression.

At this moment, when the layer of dark power passed through Qin Yu, he had already turned into nothingness.

However, in the next moment, he appeared again at the spot where he had disappeared.

Qin Yu’s body emitted a layer of faint light. This layer of light seemed to be an inner energy that emitted a quiet and mysterious internal qi.

These tentacles grabbed onto every cell in Qin Yu’s body. At this moment, Qin Yu could feel every cell of his body throbbing.

Life force was even surging in his cells, and there was also the sound of his blood flowing.

His heartbeat slowed down, and his breathing became steady and long.

The power of meditation!

Block!

At this last moment, Qin Yu poured out the power of meditation that he had deduced to the extreme.

This was the comprehension he had obtained from the battle with He Teng, and he had deduced it to the extreme with the Five Emperors.

Although it was not as strong as He Teng, he had blocked the impact of the Elemental Black Hole with the hardest glazed holy bone.

Recovery!

The pitch-black world suddenly erupted with a resounding shout.

The glazed holy bone in green emitted a light that even the dark power could not conceal.

One after another, his blood vessels recovered.

Qin Yu’s physical body recovered at a speed that was difficult for the naked eye to see.

In a flash, the situation had turned upside down.

Qin Yu’s body was burning with the fire of chaotic vital energy. The power of meditation forced him to recover to his utmost state.

“Interesting! Take my most powerful attack!”

For the first time, Si Shiyue revealed a solemn expression.

The black elemental power surged into his palm.

Suo Lin’s boxing gloves shone with the extreme light, and Si Shiyue gently pushed out with his palm.

He pushed out a gigantic mountain.

The Venerable Fifth Mountain!

The dark power wrapped around it. With the push, Si Shiyue landed on the ground with a pale face.

He did not even have the strength to continue floating in the air.

As the Venerable Fifth Mountain was pushed out, it expanded at a terrifying speed and arrived before Qin Yu.

Qin Yu felt he was facing a stellar black hole. An invisible black world was before him.

Elemental Black Hole devoured the light, and all lights disappeared in its dark existence.

This dark area was vast, like a domain of death and nothingness.

Even the most dazzling star would be mercilessly torn apart when it approached the Elemental Black Hole, becoming its eternal prisoner.

Su Xinghe swung his sword, isolating everyone from that power.

Otherwise, the people here would probably suffer heavy casualties from this attack.

Annihilation!

Tick tock!

A drop of ultimate azure demon race elemental energy dripped down and entered Qin Yu’s heart.

After that, under the pressure of his heart, it suddenly turned into a dark energy and rushed into his dantian.

Almost simultaneously, another drop of demonic elemental energy dripped into his heart, followed the dark energy, and entered his dantian at the same time.

Everyone heard a heavy heartbeat. It sounded like an ancient primordial chaos beast waking up.

Primordial Chaos!

Terrifying three types of power burst out. It was the explosion of three powers that Qin Yu had never dared to try.

When testing it with Yan Ruoxue, he only used a trace of strength, but it almost caused his body to collapse.

After suffering the most formidable attack from Shiyue, the Might of Heaven and Earth, he had no choice.