Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2524 Time Backlash

For Chang Mang, once he arrived at the Forbidden Land of the Dragon Demon, his supply of spiritual energy would be much worse than that of the Holy Region, and he thus should be in the most urgent need of the pills.

Moreover, with Chang Mang’s personality, he probably would not stop fighting until he pushed himself to the brink of exhaustion.

“Thank you, brother, but no, you’re the brat!”

Chang Mang’s eyes were initially brimming with tears, but he suddenly realized something and cursed at Qin Yu’s receding figure.

In the subsequent few days, Qin Yu and Pavilion Master refined some medicinal herbs in Human Race Watch into pills that could swiftly recover spiritual energy.

“The Revitalizing Spirit Pill and the Stellar Qi Pill can replenish a substantial amount of spiritual energy within a short half-day. They take effect slowly and require a large amount. The Sacred Spirit Pill is taken only in times of crisis, and it rapidly restores a large amount of spiritual energy in a short time but tends to be wasteful. In addition, these 10 Violet Firmament Energy Condensing Pills are refined using Xiaoru and Little Fatty’s medicinal qi, and Pavilion Master has refined them with all her might. Even if you are seriously injured, just one pill can heal you incredibly fast.”

Qin Yu placed nearly 300 bottles of pills into a small-sized spatial ring and handed it to Chang Mang.

Despite his formidable divine sense, the five consecutive days of intense medicinal refinement had caused him a sense of fatigue that was difficult to hide between his brows.

“When I return, we brothers will fight the enemy together. I’ll accept these pills, and please thank Pavilion Master for me.”

Chang Mang cupped his fists, and a wing-shaped jade pendant in his hand lit up.

Two translucent wings grew on his back and instantly brought him into the void, rushing toward the Forbidden Land of the Dragon Demon.

This jade pendant was obtained from the Ji family’s spatial ring. It was used for traveling through space, and its spatial storm could be used to temper the holy body. It was killing two birds with one stone.

“He’s still so impatient.”

Dean Lei smiled and shook his head, frowned, and said.

“The conversation with Immortal Emperor Yao has also deeply moved me. I couldn’t travel far due to the restrictions of Thunder Courtyard in the past. This time, I also want to go to some places and see if I can advance further. Otherwise, wouldn’t I be left behind in this chaotic world? Moving on, I’ll hand over Human Race Watch to you, Qin Yu.”

Before Lei Xin could finish his words, he had fled far away.

“You’ve just said that Chang Mang is impatient.”

Qin Yu smiled bitterly.

“Flower Granny, do you have any plans?”

Qin Yu asked the others.

“I’ve experienced the Way of Time from the Path of Heaven of Flower, but this is ultimately just a corner of the Way of Time. It will bring about immense consequences each time I use it. The consecutive battles have reduced my life force by more than half now. It’s a forbidden power that allows me to injure the Fallen Godly King when I’m only at the fourth level, and I must find a way to offset this backlash. Otherwise, I won’t be able to use this power again.”

Flower Granny smiled bitterly as she shook her head. When she used the power of time regression against the Godly King, He Teng, she had already sensed the backlash of her life force was too terrifying. It had already far exceeded her imagination.

She might fall from the backlash even before the war started if she did not resolve the problem.

“Granny, do you have any thoughts now?”

Yan Ruoxue pulled Flower Granny’s hand and asked anxiously.

“I don’t have a clue for the time being. The Way of Time was developed by accident from the power of flowers. As its power is incomplete, it has such a terrifying backlash.”

Flower Granny shook her head. The power of time seemed to be a slow-acting poison.

While it held incredible strength, each use accelerates her fading.

Even if she stopped using it now, the lost life force had remained lost forever and was irreversible.

It was like a life lost that could no longer be regained.

After parting ways with Flower Granny, both Qin Yu and Yan Ruoxue were heavy-hearted.

They could be together now due to the efforts of Flower Granny and Dean Lei. Otherwise, Yan Ruoxue might still be imprisoned in the Yan family.

Now that they heard Flower Granny was facing such a problem, the two were a little flustered.

“Perhaps we can issue a bounty and see who can solve this problem?”

Qin Yu said with a bitter smile. He knew this hope was incredibly faint, but he could not just do nothing.

“The Way of Time involves an extremely ancient power. It was even a power that existed before the sea of the Path of Heaven formed. Unless someone with high seniority has cultivated it for a long time, they probably wouldn’t have heard of it, let alone understand its secrets.”

Yan Ruoxue said with a bitter smile.

Suddenly, Qin Yu’s eyes lit up. Wasn’t someone with high seniority here?

He quickly transmitted his voice to Immortal Emperor Yao and spoke respectfully.

However, after waiting for a long time, there was still no response from Immortal Emperor Yao.

Qin Yu tentatively probed again. To prevent Immortal Emperor Yao from not hearing it in his deep sleep, the voice of his soul was much stronger this time.

The two stared at the coffin with hope, but they still did not receive a response!

“Oh boy! Even though you helped me once, I used the Soul Torment Mind Technique to summon your soul back. Even the Coffin of Nine Lifetimes was a treasure I risked my life to obtain, and now, you’re sleeping inside and won’t even answer a question.”

This time, Qin Yu was furious and could no longer hold back his anger.

He kicked the coffin lid open, and Immortal Emperor Yao inside was instantly furious.

“Immortal Emperor Yao, let’s get this straight. I kept my promise when I went to the ghost realm back then. The circumstances changed, but I still fulfilled my commitment. Now, you’re benefiting from my resources and ignoring me when I ask questions. That’s a bit too much!”

Qin Yu pointed at Immortal Emperor Yao and cursed.

Both Yan Ruoxue and him were around. Moreover, the Coffin of Nine Lifetimes had a terrifying suppressive power on the soul. Therefore, he was not afraid of Immortal Emperor Yao turning hostile.

If it were any other time, he would have taken some time to coax Immortal Emperor Yao and slowly get the information out of him. But now, it involved Flower Granny.

Even if he fell out with Immortal Emperor Yao, he had no choice but to do it.

“Cough, cough, cough!”

Immortal Emperor Yao initially wanted to turn hostile, but then he felt that he was in the wrong first. He thought for a moment and said.

“The Way of Time is the most terrifying power during the Primordial Chaos. This power was taboo even during the time of the Supreme of Divine Land. However, there is still a way to alleviate the aftereffects. I remember at the extreme point of the Dragon Burial Cave, there is a space-time rift. There are two living beings, the Time Frost Fox and the Space-time Ape. These two ancestral creatures were born around the domain of time, so they have a slight amount of power of time power on their bodies.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Are these two monsters dangerous?”

Qin Yu was overjoyed when he heard that and hurriedly asked.