Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2535 Spying on Saint

“All Sixth Level Saints have their own unique technique of observing qi. They comprehend everything their divine senses probe. I reckon you have been targeted the moment you entered the monster realm. Furthermore, the Saints have their own sensing techniques. They could immediately sense it if you have killing intent or pose a threat to Them. They would immediately sense it. Evading this kind of surveillance is simple when you also reach the realm of Sixth Level and obscure the secrets of the heavens.”

“I’m warning you. If you disturb my sleep again, I’ll definitely fall out with you.”

Before he closed the lid, he warned Qin Yu.

Qin Yu looked stern. It was indeed somewhat similar to what he had speculated.

He had also thought of another thing. If the Saints could sense danger in their minds, how did the Saint of the human race, Yan Tianfeng’s incident happen?

This could only be achieved through the joint calculations of the Saints at the sixth level.

Moreover, what Immortal Emperor Yao had said revealed a crucial point. The moment there was a threat or killing intent, the Saint would sense it.

Was Revered Qi targeting him because he might pose a threat to Revered Qi in the future?

Countless doubts surged into Qin Yu’s heart but could not be solved for the time being.

Qin Yu suddenly felt an inexplicable tremor in his sea of consciousness at this moment. Something seemed to have happened on the nebula map.

A few new stars suddenly appeared in his sea of consciousness. An extremely pitch-black star among them caught Qin Yu’s attention.

He sent his divine sense into that star again, wanting to see who this person was that could cause the upheaval in the nebula map.

When he immersed his soul into that expanse of heaven and earth, Qin Yu instantly felt a chilling sensation in his limbs.

He felt a sea of consciousness before him, and it was hard to describe the scene he saw.

It was an endless country, with various colored energies swirling around like a storm.

Wherever his divine sense touched, Qin Yu felt different violent energies of spiritual power, cosmic luck, and soul shuttling through.

One after another, abstract symbols formed in heaven and earth, turning into terrifying magic powers that exploded in the void.

In this incomparably vast expanse of the world, countless spells that destroyed heaven and earth exploded.

Even if he did not feel the terrifying energy, Qin Yu still experienced a soul-shaking impact from the scene.

What kind of energy was that? He had never seen this before.

Qin Yu’s body could not stop trembling. He dared not look at the high and mighty god in the void.

In those brief moments, Qin Yu felt a century had passed.

Qin Yu only dared to take a deep breath when his soul was exhausted and retreated from this space.

“The Kingdom of Saint!”

Qin Yu muttered.

It surely was not something below the Tribulation Fifth Level. That terrifying scene should have been reflected by the kingdom of the Saint’s soul.

Especially those techniques. They allowed them to fully display their consciousness and strength in this country.

“The Saints could even monitor those cultivating Brilliance of Stars and Moon. Moreover, he didn’t even notice him, an ant, had entered.”

Qin Yu’s face was full of shock. He did not expect the cultivation technique left behind by his father to be heaven-defying to such an extent.

It could even pry into a Saint. It was very likely an alien race expert beyond the fifth level that had personally cultivated it, wanting to pry into its mysteries.

However, it did not expect it to have become a pawn in the nebula map.

Qin Yu’s heart suddenly beat violently.

If he could pry into a Saint’s world of soul, his path of cultivation, and his comprehension of the Path of Heaven…

Would it not be an extremely heaven-defying opportunity?

How terrifying it was to spy on a Saint!

Qin Yu took a deep breath, forcibly suppressing the surging emotions that raged within like a tidal wave.

However, he probably dared not enter the Saint’s world again for the time being. The scene he had just seen was enough for him to consume a long time, even if it was from the perspective of a third party.

He could still sense that dreadful sense of oppression. The Saint might suddenly detect him by some means. If that happened, even if he had ten lives, it was not enough for him to escape death.

Suddenly, Qin Yu’s pupils constricted, and Evil Eye appeared in his hand.

Six figures suddenly appeared before him. Even though they were right before him, Qin Yu still did not sense the fluctuations of their bodies.

The person before him seemed to be a shadow and not a real person.

“Qin Yu my friend, don’t be anxious. We are from the Mysterious Heavenly Sword Sect, Heavenly Divination Sect, and Divine Will Sect. We are here to invite you to travel with us.”

Several of them flashed their identity tokens at the same time. After Qin Yu carefully sensed the internal qi within them, he slightly let down his guard.

Facing these sects that he had never dealt with before, he dared not relax in the slightest.

He asked with a frown.

“My name is Xuan Xin, the head disciple of the Mysterious Heavenly Sword Sect. You’re one of the supreme leaders of the human race, so you should know the current situation of the higher-ups of the alien race. This time, our three sects have allied to combine our high-end combat strength and go to the Misty Forest to kill as many higher-ups of the monster race as possible. My friend Qin Yu, you can check the itinerary of this trip and then decide if you want to go with us.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Xuan Xin took a piece of jade out and handed it to Qin Yu.

Qin Yu took it with a frown and browsed through the information.

This jade piece recorded some of the situation in the Misty Forest. This area was very close to the Path of Heaven.

Therefore, many of the monster race’s sacrifices were held here. It was very likely that many monster race higher-ups would appear here.

“I wonder if you know about the surveillance of the Path of Heaven? Although the higher-ups of the alien race are injured now, the higher-level cultivators are probably being closely monitored by them. It will be tremendously difficult for them to make any contributions. This time, leading Human Race Watch, I almost killed Flame Demon. However, the Death Godly King and Giant Titan suddenly appeared and forcefully saved him. It will probably be difficult for us to make any contributions.”

Qin Yu gave the jade slip back.

“Haha, I didn’t expect Qin Yu, my friend, to know something about the Saint’s spy. Let’s take a look inside this treasure. Perhaps it will be able to reinforce your confidence.”

An elegant female cultivator with a slender and graceful figure smiled and said.

With a movement of her hand, a precious mirror appeared in her fair palm, and a ray of radiant light expanded to envelop Qin Yu.