Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2561 The Saint’s Internal Qi

Qin Yu stared at the Cage of the Path of Heaven again, and an immature idea derived.

At this moment, Zi Yang had already locked onto the Mysterious Heavenly Sword Sect, and the Saint had long captured the internal qi of everyone.

Even if they escaped to another plane, it would be useless.

It was just like how Qin Yu had only left a trace of his internal qi in the Saint’s world and was still tracked down by the Saint.

And now, there were nearly 20,000 people in the sect.

This included the sect’s elders with powerful internal qi and the disciples who had been cultivating in seclusion.

To protect their disciples to the greatest extent, the Mysterious Heavenly Sword Sect had used a barrier to seal them.

However, no matter how hard the barrier was, there would be times when it could not withstand it.

At this time, their target turned to the battlefield outside the barrier.

After the split of the Three Purity Sect, the three sects that emerged were established based on distinctive perspectives.

In this situation, would the Heavenly Divination Sect and Divine Will Sect send their disciples to face this life-threatening situation? This was a gamble that both sides were betting on.

Through the Myriad Manifestation Gaze, Qin Yu could see an extremely powerful and formidable internal qi other than the Saint. The monster race’s Demon King Xiang Yu, seemed to also make his move again.

Other Godly Kings seemed to have all gathered.

And this was only the living beings of the monster race. The living beings of the other two races, the demon and the ghost races, seem subtly moving as well.

Excluding the Saint’s moves, the living beings in this area would have to face this group of monster race living beings alone.

If the Heavenly Divination Sect and Divine Will Sect could come to their aid with all their might, or if the nearby cultivators could come to their aid, they might still have the strength to fight.

With the influence of the three sects within this vast area, the number of cultivators exceeded 600,000 or 700,000, and there was no lack of powerful cultivators among them.

Regardless of era, there would always be geniuses who disdained to enter the sect.

However, it was too difficult… VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Qin Yu was not a cultivator, but he felt that it was unlikely for someone to be attracted to something detrimental despite knowing the risks.

He activated the Myriad Manifestations Gaze again and aimed his gaze at the previously broken open spot.

Qin Yu gritted his teeth and circulated the Soul Torment Mind Technique, slowly absorbing the internal qi in the Saint’s world.

Comparing the spiritual energy lingering here with the one within the cage, the structure of the holy energy here was not understandable.

All the living beings in the cage seemed extracted, and countless tiny bubbles were slowly seeping up from underneath the cage every second.

It then combined with the internal qi of the sea of Path of Heaven to form the holy energy that filled the Saint’s world.

Each strand of the holy energy seemed to contain an enormous space compared to the spiritual energy in the cage.

It contained a large amount of power of rules, and every trace was like a vast amount of spiritual energy. There was even a mysterious way to use it.

Qin Yu wanted to try absorbing some vital energy in this Saint’s world.

However, even after circulating the Soul Torment Mind Technique for a long time, he still failed to absorb a trace of internal qi.

The holy energy seemed to be too heavy for Qin Yu’s soul. His soul power was like a child lifting a stone pole. It could not bear this vast energy at all.

After trying for a long time, he still failed to absorb any holy energy.

The Seal of Heaven Returning!

Qin Yu, struck by a thought, triggered the Seal of Heaven Returning in his body.

A strong suction force appeared in Qin Yu’s true body. With the trace of soul in the Saint’s world, he finally absorbed a trace of holy energy.

Suddenly, the nebula map in his sea of consciousness again gave off a stinging feeling. Without hesitation, Qin Yu withdrew his divine sense, using the power of the Seal of Heaven Returning to pour into the Myriad Manifestations Gaze to cut off his internal qi.

With the record of being hunted down the last time, Qin Yu was much more relaxed when he took action this time.

But even so, Qin Yu was still covered in cold sweat.

The moment he left, he felt a destructive energy that completely shattered the area he was in.

As the wisp of the soul with holy energy entered his body, Qin Yu instantly felt his body struck by a high-voltage electric current.

His whole body went numb, and the holy energy penetrated his body like lightning.

Every muscle and bone in his body underwent a fundamental change the moment it flowed through.

The faint tremors between the muscles seemed like the sign of a long-dormant behemoth awakening.

After his body absorbed the holy energy, his bones seemed to become ten thousand times heavier.

It did not make him feel heavy. Instead, all his bones seemed to have been replaced with hard divine weapons. Every single bone was filled with terrifying power. When Qin Yu moved his limbs, the heavy feeling made him feel like a fuse with the power of the earth and was connected to heaven and earth.

“What a terrifying internal qi of the Saint’s world!”

Qin Yu looked shocked. This trace of Saint’s internal qi seemed not only to involve formidable strength but also many subtle powers of rules. It instantly improved his physical body when he absorbed it.

The eyes of Qin Yu looking at the Saint’s world were full of intense fervor.

His judgment previously should not be wrong. Every region had a fixed Saint Lord.

The area he had broken through happened to be the Saint that his nebula map was monitoring. Therefore, if there was any danger, Qin Yu could escape immediately. That was why he dared to try to absorb the holy energy here.

Otherwise, with how terrifying a Saint was, a single mistake would probably result in death.

Subsequently, Qin Yu immersed himself in this dangerous cultivation. He wanted to advance to the greatest extent before the war.

…

Time slowly passed…

In a monster territory near the seventh level of purgatory…

Zhan Pu, the peak master who was covered in blood, frowned. He stared at the information in the jade slip and revealed a trace of hesitation. However, it was soon replaced by a determined expression.

A giant orc in front of him raised an axe and smashed it at Zhan Pu.

When the axe landed, the surrounding towering trees were blown down by the wind. It was a peak fourth-level orc.

“Attack!”

Zhan Pu was without the slightest hesitation.

Under the Brilliance of Stars and Moon, nearly a hundred people formed a dazzling Hundred-Rayed Star formation. The final power blasted out from Zhan Pu’s hand, completely blasting the orc into minced meat.

“Send a message to inform all the people of the Human Race Watch to rush to the Mysterious Heavenly Sword Sect. There will be a life-and-death battle there. Remember, regardless of the Gu family, the Jee family, or the new members, this is all voluntary.”

Zhan Pu said softly.