Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2614: A Formidable Move

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

“Top ten Heart of Saint Kingdom…

A hint of killing intent flashed in Ross’s eyes. It would definitely be of great help to Lord Zi Yang If he could obtain it.

At this moment, Qin Yu and the other two had returned to Nine Tune City. The three of them handed the mirrors to the general’s residence.

“General Li Liefeng, I want to exchange my military merits for a trip to the bunker.”

Qin Yu stared at the middle-aged man in front of him and said.

This time, Li Liefei didn’t avoid this question. He shook his head slowly and said.

“Go to the storage room and exchange for your reward.

“Let me try!”

Ju Wuwei also went forward to ask but received the same reply. “Is this military merit insufficient for us to go to the bunker?”

Qin Yu frowned deeply. They could have retreated safely.

The reason why he took such a risk was to get more merit points. He did not expect to be unable to go to the bunker.

Once the war started, from the strength of the necromancy army they had witnessed, they were not a match at all.

Especially the necromancy black dragon. It was not something that the current city guards could deal with.

“Go and exchange for our things. Do our best to strengthen ourselves before the war.”

Ju Wuwei shook his head, taking it in stride.

Qin Yu was a little helpless, but this was the only way now.

However, at this moment, a familiar figure entered the general’s residence.

“Li Yue! You betrayed us!”

Shen Qian shouted angrily.

On the battlefield, Lu Yue’s sudden departure caused them to fall into a predicament and almost die there.

At this moment, seeing the enemy, Shen Qian clenched her fists tightly, wishing she could punch him in the head.

Qin Yu held Shen Qian back. They did not know what the rules were in the general’s residence. She would probably be killed instantly if they were not allowed to make a move here.

“Brother Qin Yu, aren’t you going to the storage room?”

After leaving the general’s residence and seeing Qin Yu stay where he was, Shen Qian asked curiously.

“You guys go ahead. I have something to deal with.”

Qin Yu stood in front of the general residence’s door.

“Do you need help?” Ju Wuwei asked.

Qin Yu shook his head.

Not long after, Lu Yue appeared at the general’s residence’s door and Qin Yu blocked in front of him.

“You want to make a move?”

Lu Yue said, smiling. The area within 5,000 meters of the general’s residence was forbidden.

“If you make a move, you will be sentenced to death, no exception for an outsider. Are you sure you want to make a move on me here?”

Qtook hold of the bowstring and moved his arm slightly, and the bones made a faint sound.

“You don’t have any killing intent, and it’s meaningless to attack me here. Now, only my military merits are enough to visit the bunker once. If you want to guard this city, you must cooperate with me.

“Also, let me remind you that outsiders are not allowed to attack each other. As long as I don’t surrender to Seifer, there will be a backlash if you attack me. Do you understand, idiot?”

Li Yue revealed a mocking smile as if he could not care less about the bowstring in Qin Yu’s hand. He glanced at the chessboard in his hand and seemed determined that Qin Yu would not attack.

It was very simple. Outsiders would violate the rules if they attacked each other. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

This was a lesson learned to everyone by the bloodshed of the outsiders.

“The last bit of strength!”

Qin Yu had been waiting for the recovery of the hat of the void.

After being killed by Yin Lin, the hat of the void’s energy had been under recovery status.

Now that he had completely recovered, Qin Yu could feel the energy of the hat of the void enveloping his body.

Even if what Li Yue said was true, with the protection of the hat of the void, he was not afraid of violating the rules.

“It’s 70% of my strength. You’re lucky if you survive.”

Qin Yu pulled the bowstring indifferently, and energy gathered in his hand.

The next second, the energy arrow exploded on Li Yue’s body.

“Chess game, dominate!”

Li Yue’s expression changed drastically. He held the chessboard in front of him with both hands.

The chessboard game turned tremendously disadvantageous in the final moments, almost reaching a complete checkmate.

Without the slightest bit of hesitation, he used his greatest strength to block in front of him.

The chessboard exploded forcefully, and the terrifying energy relentlessly clashed with him, sending his entire body flying.

The massive force sent him flying dozens of meters away.

His body was in a bloody mess, but he survived. “Boom!”

A white light suddenly pierced through Qin Yu’s body.

Qin Yu’s body turned into nothingness again, and a massive gash suddenly appeared on his hat.

Qin Yu shook his head. Previously, this hat had blocked Yin Lin’s saber.

Now, it had blocked the power of wipe-out. However, judging from the power of the hat, the remaining energy should only grant one more chance to turn into nothingness.

“Thank you for holding back. Can we talk about the bunker now?”

Li Yue spat a mouthful of blood and said with difficulty.

Qin Yu was somewhat surprised. This guy seemed to have some skills. He even knew that he had held back his strength.

“The chess piece originally in a hopeless endgame has just found a glimmer of hope.”

Liu Yue coughed several times and took a few pills.

“Tell me. Why don’t you go to the bunker yourself?” Qin Yu asked indifferently.

If possible, he did not want to work with Li Yue again

Qin Yu did not want to associate with someone who had betrayed him, even if the stakes were high.

However, he was right. The three of them seemed unable to enter the bunker with their military merits. He might be able to obtain enough military merits to enter.

“If I go, I will die, including everyone else. Only you can survive. I don’t know why. Everyone else is in a checkmate position except you.”

Li Yue said with a bitter smile.

Qin Yu stared at Liu Yue expressionlessly. His greatest reliance should be the Heart of Saint Kingdom now.

However, whether Heart of Saint Kingdom or the hat of the void, they were both on cooldown and could not be used. What was his advantage over the others?

“I don’t have to lie. I won’t force you if you don’t want to go.”

Li Yue was really afraid that Qin Yu would attack again if he did not agree to cooperate.

“If we don’t go, what are our chances of winning the war?”

Qin Yu asked.

He also felt a bit wary of the person in front of him. If what he said was true, then it was understandable.

If it was fake, then this trip to the bunker was definitely not a good thing. As he had been tricked once, Qin Yu could only deal with this person carefully.

“Take a look. This is the hope that the human race can win…”

Li Yue placed the chessboard in the air.

The densely packed black chess pieces were like dark clouds, covering the entire chessboard. It was difficult to discern any white pieces, only sporadically glimpsed.

“This is the probability of the human race winning this battle.” Li Yue looked at the chessboard with a bitter smile..