Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2615: Pre-battle Challenge

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

“Of course, I have spent so much military merit. If you manage to gain anything from it, I want half of the benefits. I want you to swear on the name of this Saint Kingdom,” Li Yue spoke again.

“If I decide to take the risk and go, I can only promise to share the rewards with you. However, if you want me to swear an oath, you can just scram,” Qin Yu said with a cold smile.

Asking him to risk his life while sharing the benefits was too much.

Moreover, even if he decided to go, Qin Yu would have to consider it carefully.

After all, this person’s ability was a deduction. He must have seen the dangerous existence in this bunker. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have given this opportunity to him.

“Deal. When you decide to go, you can find me near the storage room. However, the general’s residence will soon adjust the attack time. You don’t have much time left.”

Li Yue hesitated for a moment before directly agreeing to Qin Yu’s request.

After parting ways with Li Yue, Qin Yu gathered with Ju Wuwei and Shen Qian in the storage room.

“Where’s Junior Brother Bufan?” Qin Yu thought of the junior brother who had trusted him previously, but he was not present at the moment.

“He entered the second tunnel in the chaos and did not return, ” Shen Qian sighed softly.

“Sigh…’

Life and death in this Saint Kingdom were hard to predict.

Ji Tianming, Hua Qianje, and the others were all top-notch geniuses in the human world.

However, the life they played here was fleeting. Qin Yu had died many times because of the Seal of Heaven Returning.

Everyone here was in danger of dying, and no one could say for sure if they would be able to live to the end.

“What did you exchange for?” Qin Yu asked curiously. There were still many good things in this storage room. His hat of the void had saved him twice.

“I exchanged for two mysterious items. One is useless. After entering this Saint Kingdom, it has been damaged and lost all its energy. The other is the Mirror of Reflection. It can reflect the enemy’s attack and increase its power by 20%, causing the enemy to suffer damage.”

“Not bad!” Ju Wuwei was also a little surprised.

This thing could already be considered a divine artifact with extremely good functionality. Not only could it reflect, but it could also increase its power. This could almost greatly increase Shen Qian’s ability to survive.

“However, this mirror has a limit to the amount of power it can withstand. Moreover, there are already cracks on the edges of the mirror. It should only be able to be used a few times,” Shen Qian said with a bitter smile.

Originally, she also wanted to exchange for Pills and other items that could increase her strength.

However, her current strength was too weak, and even if she increased her strength, it would not be enough to save her life. Exchanging for this mysterious item would instead increase her chances of survival. Fortunately, she was lucky enough to exchange for this mysterious item of good quality.

“I’ve exchanged for a Spirit Strengthening Pill that can strengthen my soul. Now, my physical body has been strengthened to the limit. Moreover, I have a huge amount of Saint Power to use when killing the black dragon.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Ju Wuwei did not choose to be mysterious. Instead, he used all his merit points to strengthen his cultivation.

He was mainly a sword cultivator and rarely used other Dharma Treasures.

“Qin Yu, the bow in your hand should be the Sun Chasing Bow that the Elder Tianji gave you. This bow is extremely powerful. If possible, you can first increase the strength of your physical body. In the great battle, you can be close to me and far away from me.”

Ju Wuwei looked at the bow on Qin Yu’s back.

Qin Yu nodded slightly. It seemed that both Elder Tianji and Ju Wuwei had no ill intentions toward him.

Without the bow given by Elder Tianji, he might not even be able to stand here. He could currently pull 80% of the bowstring, and the more he pulled, the more strength he needed, increasing in geometric progression.

However, he could only pull it once. At the very least, he needed to strengthen his body to be able to pull it a few more times, giving him greater self-defense during a major battle.

Suddenly, he thought of Aiden, the Elf he had encountered in the tribe. It seemed like he was also searching for the Sun Chasing Bow, but he didn’t expect Elder Tianji to find it first.

As they spoke, a massive smoke rose from the dark forest facing Nine Tune City.

In the sky, eight huge black dragons circled while countless ogres surged out of the forest below.

Ogres were mixed in, and the sight of the densely packed ogre army was truly shocking.

As these ogres emerged from the forest, skeleton archers and necromancy knights slowly followed.

Compared to the chaotic ogre army, these two legions behind were surprisingly organized.

Qin Yu looked at the undead army with a serious expression. A single black dragon had almost wiped them out.

Now, he had to contend with these eight great dragons and two new legions.

These two legions were positioned at the back and were on an entirely different level from the front-charging Ogre cannon fodder.

Furthermore, the enemy had an almost invincible mage.

In battle, as long as they were hit with a spiritual attack, they would likely be in dire straits.

At this moment, the city’s soldiers had all gone into alert, assembling at the foot of the city wall in an orderly manner.

Fortunately, Seifer did not appear. The undead army halted when they were about a kilometer away from the city wall.

As a black dragon swam into view within the Nine Heavens Manifestations Gaze, Qin Yu surprisingly noticed a living being sitting on one of the black dragons. Subsequently, the figure leaped down and landed directly in front of Nine Tune City.

“The voice of the dead is about to pass through the Nine Tune City. No one can avoid it. If you don’t want the city to be destroyed, those in Nine Tune City, hurry out and surrender. I, Ming Xie, await your surrender.”

This person’s expression had a somewhat sickly pallor, and apart from that, he appeared no different from any other human.

However, he stood on the opposing side of the human race, positioned a hundred meters away from the city wall, seemingly fearless of the arrows aimed at him.

“This outsider is very powerful. Be cautious.”

A young man with a crew cut suddenly appeared beside Qin Yu. It was Lu Yue, the one with the chessboard.

“I could have delved deeper into the undead camp, but after my chessboard absorbed this person’s aura, it turned into a dead end. I have no idea who this outsider is.”

Lu Yue’s expression carried a sense of seriousness.

Logically, such a formidable outsider should be on the side of the human race. However, he did the opposite and joined the already powerful undead faction.

“Before the big battle, does any outsider want to face me? Otherwise, you won’t stand a chance when Seifer moves. Ming Xie said with a light laugh. His gaze fell upon Ju Wuwei as if he was intrigued by him.

“Don’t worry, if you lose, I won’t kill you..”