Chapter 2623: City Break

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

“The divine flame rune this time is a special case. As far as I know, there have always been outsiders. For example, the Saints have infiltrated each other, sending chosen individuals into the Saint Kingdom. Like the Yin Lin you encountered in Nine Tune City, his rules and order were obtained by the Crispy Snake Witch Saint after he sent people to lurk for a long time.”

Lu Yue seemed to have a clear understanding of the rules between Saint Kingdoms, so he immediately explained them one by one.

“In other words, everyone will have to go through the Saint Kingdom’s selection process before they can enter the core regions. This is unavoidable. However, this time, there are so many outsiders, and many of them are tools arranged by various Saint Levels. This has increased the difficulty for us.” Qin Yu said in a deep voice.

“How is your deduction of the situation this time? Do you have any countermeasures?”

Qin Yu turned to look at Li Yue.

“It’s not optimistic. However, I found a strategic move in my deduction. It’s for us to retreat to the northeast corner of the northern axis. There’s a formation there, which is easy to defend and difficult to attack. As long as we protect that area, as long as one of the areas in Nine Tune City doesn’t fall, we won’t be wiped out. If we’re lucky enough not to encounter Cang Zhi, the chances of us passing through this place will be even higher.” Li Yue pondered for a long time before speaking.

“I’ll go to that position first. You guys decide for yourselves.”

After saying that, he ignored Qin Yu and the others’ replies and rushed towards that area.

In this battle, there were no supervising soldiers to urge them to climb the city walls.

Thus, as long as they did not leave the city, they should be able to participate in the battle in various parts of the city.

Qin Yu, Shen Qian, and Ju Wuwei walked through Nine Tune City. At this moment, the entire city was filled with noise.

The young men had already gone up to the city wall, or they were in the reserve team, ready to tight tor their lives atter the city tell.

The other young and old women were not idle either. They were cooking porridge and meat for the soldiers in the city.

The stronger youths were also helping to move the arrows.

A few-year-old child was in the arms of the old man, watching this noisy scene in a daze.

They seemed to have sensed the heavy pre-battle atmosphere and were no longer whining and crying like they usually did.

“Who would have thought that this is a country born from this Saint Kingdom?

The living beings here are all illusions.”

Looking at this scene, Shen Qian could not help but say.

“Who can say that these living beings are just illusions? It’s not like we’re not like this in the lower realm. It’s just that we might not know it at all when we’re in the trap.”

Qin Yu looked at a five-year-old girl curled up in her grandmother’s arms. With that kind of fear and horror, who could say that they were just a species without emotions?

Shen Qian and Ju Wuwei fell silent after hearing this.

“Do your best and leave it to fate.”

Qin Yu’s expression became determined.

It was just like when he met the little boy Hong Yu and his grandfather, and he pulled Qin Yu aside to whisper to him.

Who would dare to say that the person in front of them was just a fabricated being? He was just as much a living person as anyone else. Therefore, he eventually gave the Order of Rules to the village chief, hoping that the little boy could escape that fate.

With the sound of a solemn horn, the attack of the necromancy army began.

Originally, the City Lord planned to launch a desperate counterattack while Seifer’s summoned army was weakened. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

However, with Nine Tune City holding Cang Zhi back and Seifer making preparations in advance, this attack was ultimately sounded by the necromancy army.

This time, Seifer’s necromancy army held nothing back.

They launched attacks from the east, west, south, and north gates simultaneously.

Countless Ogres and giant Ogres charged at the forefront, relentlessly assaulting the human city.

Almost all the soldiers in Nine Tune City were mobilized, relying on the city walls to fend off the undead army.

This time, there were no supervising soldiers urging them on. Almost everyone was determined to join the battle.

For them, this was the moment that would decide their life and death.

If the city fell, their families would be destroyed.

Although the human soldiers killed many Ogres, the number of necromancy army far exceeded that of the humans.

After two hours of bloody fighting, the four walls were covered in blood.

At this moment, many ogres had already broken through the city walls and started fighting with the soldiers on the walls.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

The sound of bowstrings suddenly rang out, and deadly skeleton arrows shot into the air.

They descended in a parabolic arc, pinning hundreds of guards at the east gate to the city wall.

“What terrifying destructive power. Some of these guards were even elite soldiers of the supervising battle team. Their armor was heavy, but they were directly pierced by an arrow. One can imagine the terrifying penetrating power of the arrows shot by these skeleton archers.”

Shen Qian furrowed her brow.

Boom!

Amidst the continuous, dull flapping of wings, a massive tremor emanated from the east gate.

The three black dragons reappeared on the city wall, amidst the suppressive fire from the skeleton archers.

The colossal bodies of the three black dragons slammed into the city wall.

With their tremendous force, the city wall revealed slight cracks.

“Why is the damage so minimal? It seems there’s a concealed array formation on this city wall/” Ming Xie frowned, expecting the city wall to crumble easily under the black dragons’ assault.

However, things appeared to be more complex than anticipated.

Simultaneously, a human soldier landed on one of the black dragons, followed by more fearless elites jumping down.

In moments, one of the black dragons was severely wounded and fell to the ground. However, this nearly depleted the strongest human soldiers at the eastern gate.

The remaining soldiers were already retreating under the relentless assault of ogres and trolls.

The rolling wood and stones on the city wall kept smashing into the black dragons, but those things landing on the thick-skinned and fleshly black dragons felt like scratching an itch.

Under the onslaught of the seven black dragons, cracks proliferated on the city wall.

Rolling wood and stones from the city wall continuously struck the black dragons, but landing on their thick skin felt like mere tickles.

“Too sluggish.” Ming Xie’s face revealed impatience as he mounted a necromancy knight’s bone horse.

As the bone horse surged forward, he reached the base of the eastern gate.

With a punch, the entire eastern gate’s city wall roared. The cracks caused by the remaining seven black dragons extended once again.

Through the fissures, the scene inside the city wall could be vaguely seen.

The power of this punch far exceeded that of the black dragons’ combined

assault..