Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2636: Entering the Demon Sealing Grounds

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

As they continued to advance, it was unclear when.

The surrounding temperature had already started to drop, and layers of ice crystals had formed at the tips of the leaves.

There were even flowing mountain springs that were frozen in midair.

Qin Yu felt the bone-chilling coldness as if it wanted to coagulate his blood.

“Senior Brother Gu Tian, how can the power of this Wutian Ancient Demon be so terrifying? It has already affected the weather of this Ancient Demon Land with just the power it released?” Cang Yun, seeing that strange phenomenon, also dropped her earlier amused expression.

“It seems that we are not the only ones affected by the loss of power here. The seal of the ancient demons is also affected. But it’s fine. Wutian is only an arm that is being suppressed. Even if the seal is loosened, we can deal with it. Elder Gu Yi has already given me a holy light divine flame. Killing it will be easy,” Gu Tian sneered.

“The most important thing is how to bring back its complete arm. This arm is an artifact that the elder has requested.”

“Elder Gu Yi gave you the holy light divine flame. This is a divine fire that can even burn Dao Consciousness Realm cultivators to ashes!” A hint of jealousy

appeared on Cang Yun’s face. It seemed that this divine flame was also an extraordinary Dharma Treasure in the Demon Sealing Valley.

As the two conversed, they quickly arrived in front of a huge stone door.

This stone door was a huge gate made of countless massive stones. Loud howls came from behind the stone door.

Qin Yu’s expression changed. His Nine Heavens Manifestations Gaze was unable to see the situation inside this Ancient Demon Land. The stone door seemed to separate the two sides into different worlds.

“Get in!”

A force exploded from the cage created by the Soul Locking Whip. The intense pain made everyone twitch involuntarily, and the four of them were forced to step into the Ancient Demon Land.

“Senior Brother, what should we do with these useless? Kill them directly?” With a slight movement of Cang Yun’s hand, another terrifying power lashed onto the divine souls of a few of them.

“Let them scout the way. Your Soul Locking Whip has already planted a cage in their souls anyway. After confirming the location of the Wutian Ancient Demon, kill them directly. However, if they die at the hands of other ancient demons, remember to investigate if they left anything behind. If they have the Heart of the Saint Kingdom, then our status in the sect will soar.”

“Tsk, how could these weaklings have the Heart of a Saint Kingdom?” Cang Yun revealed a disdainful smile.

“It’s hard to say. According to the elder, the Heart of Saint Kingdom has already appeared in various places. Some of the Order of Rules are auxiliary and don’t increase one’s combat strength much. Thus, we must be careful with every outsider. The power of the Heart of Saint Kingdom can help us break through the chains of order in this world. Although we can’t become the ruler of the Saint Kingdom, it’s not impossible for the sect master to support a puppet Holy Lord.” A cold smile appeared on Gu Tian’s face.

The conversation between the two fell into Qin Yu’s ears without missing a word. However, Qin Yu had no time to spare.

After entering the stone door, it was as if he had arrived in a different world.

Demonic qi surged into the sky here. When it landed on their skin, it felt like sulfuric acid, corroding Qin Yu’s skin.

Countless Demon Sealing Tablets made of black stones were scattered around. The ground was covered in blood-red liquid, densely inscribed with red runes.

These runes emitted a powerful sealing power, seemingly used to suppress the demons in this Ancient Demon Realm.

Qin Yu noticed that the tablets on the Demon Sealing Tablets were trembling slightly.

Waves of demonic qi slowly spread out from the bottom of the stone tablet, as if the ancient demons here would break through the seal at any moment.

Hehehe!

In front of them, a nearly translucent figure appeared without their notice. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Facing them was a creature dressed in thick armor, staring at them with only one strange pupil on its face.

The eyeball emitted a strange yellow light, fixed on them.

Its body rested only on the tips of its toes, appearing much lighter compared to its thick armor.

Boom!

It swiftly moved, already in front of one of them.

A fist struck down on his chest, and the outsider retaliated with a punch.

As their fists collided, the outsider’s entire arm instantly turned into a cloud of blood mist. The force of the punch pierced through his chest.

Force!

Qin Yu’s expression changed. Although this ancient demon’s body wasn’t very strong, it relied on a single punch to instantly kill the outsider. In a short moment, it swung its fist again, targeting another woman.

Order of Seal’

She reprimanded softly, and a force gushed out from her back.

A rectangular black box phantom instantly formed. As it opened, a sealing power surged out.

The power turned into a sharp aura that struck the ancient demon’s body, not causing any damage but entering its body.

Then, this power locked onto the ancient demon’s neck, limbs, and other important parts.

This instantly blocked the flow of demonic qi within the ancient demon’s body. Immediately, its pupils, which were emitting a strange yellow light, slowly lost their luster.

Crack!

As the black box closed, the ancient demon’s body fell to the ground.

With a flash of sword light, the woman had already beheaded the ancient demon.

In the blink of an eye, two more ancient demons appeared and attacked Qin Yu and the other man.

Qin Yu held the Tiger Wing in his hand, and the strength of his entire body erupted.

The saber directly met one of the ancient demons. As it trembled violently, the sharp Tiger Wing directly split the ancient demon’s body into two.

Good saber!

Qin Yu exclaimed. This was the first time he had used Ju Wuwei’s Tiger Wing, but he didn’t expect it to be so sharp.

The power of the ancient demon Qin Yu was facing was probably above that of the black dragon.

He didn’t use force, so it was relatively easy to kill it.

The other ancient demon had its heart dug out by the man with his bare hands.

However, before they could catch their breath, a large number of ancient demons appeared near them.

“Hahaha, these ancient demons are merely the remnant souls emitted by the

Demon Sealing Tablet. It’s impossible to kill them all. However, the Demon Sealing Tablet’s power has already reached its limit. I’m afraid you’ll be in trouble. Moreover, I seem to sense that there’s an extremely powerful ancient demon guarding the core of this Demon Sealing Land. It can break the seal of the Demon Sealing Tablet at any time.”

Immortal Emperor Yao’s voice suddenly sounded in Qin Yu’s ears..