Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2637: Demon Sealing Tablet Broken

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

“But it seems to be luring the two people outside into the stone door.”

Immortal Emperor Yao continued to speak. Now, under the baptism of Saint Power, his remnant soul seemed to have recovered some strength. Even Qin Yu didn’t know how he sensed it.

“Conserve your strength. There are people watching us here. If we show too much strength, even more powerful ancient demons will appear. Gu Tian and Cang Yun will kill us. The cage set up by the Locking Divine Whip can monitor our movements. Preserve your strength to resist the Locking Divine Whip.”

Qin Yu reminded the other two.

These two people were not weak, and they were temporarily in the same sect. If he could, he would remind them.

The two of them were silent for a while, and their attacks immediately slowed

uown.

It was relatively easy for them to deal with these ancient demons who had yet to comprehend force.

“These useless are being held back just like that? This is just the ancient demon remnant soul emitted by the Demon Sealing Tablet. If you can’t even deal with it, this is a waste of time!”

Cang Yun sneered.

“Forget it, we don’t have that much time. Let’s kill them. Remember to pay attention to whether there are any Dharma Treasures left behind.” Gu Tian was also a little impatient. He had the holy light divine flame on him.

This thing itself was the nemesis of these ancient demons, so there was no need to be so cautious. Locking Divine Prison, explode!

Whoosh!

With the crisp sound of a whip, the cage in Qin Yu’s sea of consciousness emitted a strong electric current.

The cage transformed by the Locking Divine Whip exploded, and a huge force instantly swept through his entire sea of consciousness.

An intense pain exploded from his sea of consciousness, wanting to crush his divine soul. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The damage caused by the explosion of the cage could still be resisted. This was only a trace of the power of the Locking Divine Whip. It could not cause too much damage to Qin Yu’s current divine soul.

It was mainly the pain of the huge electric current piercing through the divine soul that was the terrifying part of this Locking Divine Whip.

Other than Qin Yu, the other two instantly trembled on the ground with twisted expressions. Even when they were surrounded by the ancient demons, they did not have the slightest strength to deal with the ancient demons’ attack.

Order of Reflection!

Qin Yu hesitated for a moment before slashing the ancient demon in front of him.

Then, the Tiger Wing disappeared into the void. In the next second, the saber pierced out of the void and directly cut the ancient demon beside the two of them into pieces.

This pain affected him, but it did not hinder his movements.

The extreme pain that he had once suffered in purgatory had given Qin Yu a special resistance to such extreme pain.

That was when he was facing the Nightmare, his soul was crushed into pieces, but because of his father’s power, his soul did not collapse. In the end, after experiencing a long period of intense pain in his soul, he condensed the Soul Spirit Bead.

After experiencing the nightmare, Qin Yu’s resistance to divine soul attacks had a particularly great improvement.

After slashing out, Qin Yu retracted the Order of Reflection and then moved to the side of the two.

The ancient demons that attacked them were all killed.

On the other side, Gu Tian and Cang Yun had also entered the stone door.

“Junior Sister, where are they?”

Gu Tian asked softly.

“Senior Brother, please follow me. These people have probably been eaten by ancient demons. We just need to search for them at their last coordinates.”

Cang Yun said with a smile. She held the Locking Divine Whip in her hand, and her expression was no longer as relaxed as before.

The danger of coming to the ancient demon’s sealed land had greatly increased. Even they did not dare to relax in the slightest.

“We’re finally here. I’ve accepted all the inner sect disciples of the Demon

Sealing Valley. Most importantly, there’s this surprise.”

A man sitting on the ground suddenly stood up with a smile on his face.

He had long, straight black hair and was dressed in a black robe. However, a layer of clear yellow light emitted from his body.

He didn’t look like an ancient demon at all. Instead, he looked like a senior monk of Buddhism.

As he moved his finger, a wave of power came out from his sleeve.

This power surrounded the entire area and returned to his black robe in an instant.

The Demon Sealing Tablet’s sealing power was completely penetrated by this whirlwind, breaking the delicate balance in an instant.

The Demon Sealing Tablet suddenly shattered as the Demon Sealing Tablets fell one by one.

Terrifying demonic qi soared into the sky, and one after another, almost corporeal ancient demons slowly appeared in this world.

There were a total of six ancient demons that were almost corporeal. Their auras were condensed, and they were not on the same level as the ancient demons that Qin Yu had faced before.

It was obvious that these six ancient demons had all comprehended Force.

The ground where they stood was even affected by the power on their bodies, and the ground burned with flames.

“It seems like Wutian’s arms and body have been waiting for us?

Gu Tian narrowed his eyes. He was no longer relaxed when facing the six ancient demons.

A thick force suddenly came down on them from the huge palm.

Green flames burned in his palm. In an instant, the temperature of the area covered by his palm rose rapidly.

Pa!

“A lightning-like flash illuminated the area, striking the huge palm with force, leaving a gaping wound.

The ancient demon retracted its fist and advanced towards Cang Yun step by step.

As it moved, the demonic qi seemed to surge towards her with each step, akin to a tide influenced by celestial forces.

It withdrew its other hand to its waist, and emerald green flames suddenly ignited.

“What terrifying power. He has already comprehended momentum to such a degree that perhaps further mastery could lead this ancient demon to directly wield the power of rules.”

Qin Yu was somewhat shocked. If this ancient demon, having broken through the seal, was already this formidable, what about the other six?

“Thank you very much.”

“Thanks a lot!”

While Qin Yu observed the battle, the two had already recovered from their ordeal.

Realizing they had been saved by Qin Yu, both expressed gratitude.

“Jiang Feng, I owe you my life!” Jiang Feng bowed to Qin Yu.

“Su Su! Thank you for saving my life, friend!”

Su Su also bowed.

“No need for thanks yet. Our priority is figuring out how to face these ancient demons. ”

Qin Yu said with a bitter smile.

On the other side of the battlefield, the ancient demon had already reached

Cang Yun.

The flames on its hand had condensed to their peak.

The flames erupted, and countless fire stars burst around them.

Countless ice crystals formed around Cang Yun.

“The shift from fire to ice! How did these ancient demons become so powerful?”

Cang Yun’s expression changed drastically.

Fist of Heavenly Frost!

A terrifying fist hurtled towards Cang Yun..