Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2638: Gu Tian ‘s Strength

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

The burning fist pierced through the space constructed of ice crystals, emitting a bizarre scene.

Wherever the fist struck, countless ice crystals shattered, and the extreme coldness clashed with the heat wave swirling within the fist, causing a massive explosion.

Although this fist intent wasn’t particularly large, there were some unusual phenomena manifesting around the arm. However, the fact that this power could be displayed showed that it was already much stronger than Ju Wuwei’s Wood Burning Blade and Ming Xie’s force.

“Not good, he has already reached the Dao Consciousness Realm! Did the disruption of the order enhance these ancient demons so greatly?”

Cang Yun’s expression was one of great horror. The Divine Locking Whip in her hand emitted a loud crackling sound of electricity.

A dark blue light filled the entire length of the Divine Locking Whip. The whip expanded several times in size, coiling around the arm of the ancient demon like a dragon.

The Divine Locking Whip tightened its grip, firmly restraining the giant hand. A powerful force erupted from the whip.

The momentum of the Fist of Heavenly Frost suddenly slowed down and came to a halt in front of Cang Yun, unable to advance any further.

Pa!

The massive body of the ancient demon was abruptly flung upward, and the giant Divine Locking Whip slammed into the ancient demon’s head, turning it into a mist of blood.

Cang Yun retracted the Divine Locking Whip, her face drained of color.

She suddenly couldn’t hold back and forcefully spat out a mouthful of blood.

Although the ancient demon’s fist didn’t make contact with her, the force of ice and fire struck her body, causing her serious injuries.

The other three ancient demons seemed to have sensed a strong threat.

They directly rushed toward Cang Yun, encircling her. Cang Yun’s enchanting complexion immediately changed.

“Senior Brother!”

Among the three ancient demons, one of them was a constantly wriggling figure. As it attacked, it grew several additional tentacles, all of which assaulted Gu Tian.

Another ancient demon wore a bronze mask. It emitted a fierce roar, and the sound waves wrapped around the two individuals. The surrounding ground was also affected by the sound waves, trembling slightly.

The third ancient demon had broken wings, but its speed was extremely fast.

The tattered wings brought it before Cang Yun, and then the wings slashed at her throat like the scythe of death.

This attack came almost as Cang Yun withdrew her whip, leaving her no time to react.

The surroundings were filled with overwhelming demonic qi. The attacks of the three ancient demons had completely affected the environment.

Jiang Feng and Su Su wore expressions of shock. The strength of the ancient demons far exceeded their expectations.

All these ancient demons were powerful beings who had mastered the concept of force, not much different from Ming Xie’s strength.

“Hahaha, perhaps Elder Gu Yi has been inactive for too long? You bunch of ancient demons have forgotten about him. You’re truly underestimating him.” Gu Tian remained calm.

He laughed wildly, showing no fear of the attacks from these three beings.

Ling Bo!

With a stomp, he floated into the air.

Three consecutive steps of ‘Ling Bo’ allowed him to evade the attacks of the three beings.

“Junior Sister, my apologies.”

Cang Yun’s body was directly hit by the demonic qi, and her flesh and blood instantly disappeared, leaving behind only a pale skeleton in her place.

The Divine Locking Whip was taken into his hand, and he tapped his foot a few times on the Ling Bo again.

The Divine Locking Whip in his hand was suddenly swung out, and the wriggling body of the ancient demon was instantly covered in dense electric light. The remaining lightning power was like a palm of linen, cutting the ancient demon into thousands of pieces.

“How terrifying. This guy’s strength far surpasses Cang Yun’s.” Just the technique of wielding the whip was beyond what Cang Yun could achieve.

At that moment, the Divine Locking Whip in his hand had already slashed out hundreds of times like a sharp sword. Coupled with the whip’s flexible and repetitive nature, each of the hundreds of strikes was repeated tenfold, cutting the Ancient Demon’s body into numerous pieces.

Qin Yu’s expression turned grim. Although this individual was arrogant, his strength was indeed formidable.

It would likely be extremely challenging for Qin Yu to defeat this opponent now, and he was unsure of what other tricks the opponent had up his sleeve.

Roar!

The ancient demon’s body exploded, and countless streams of demonic qi evaporated from its body.

The ancient demon’s body pierced through the dense electric net and slowly began to regenerate.

A large hand suddenly reached down from above Gu Tian’s head.

From the looks of it, its strength had significantly weakened after being struck by the Divine Locking Whip.

At the same time, the other two ancient demons launched another attack.

The combined assault enveloped Gu Tian’s surroundings completely in demonic qi, leaving him unable to escape again.

“Hahaha, Fleeing Shadow.”

Even though his body was engulfed by the violent onslaught, Qin Yu could see in the world of the Nine Heavens Manifestations Gaze that his shadow suddenly elongated, pulling Gu Tian’s body ten meters away.

“What an impressive movement technique!”

Qin Yu was astonished. This was the first time he had witnessed such a powerful movement technique since arriving here.

Gu Tian sneered as he narrowly dodged the fatal blow once again.

“I’ve had my fun. It’s time to kill you. I haven’t finished my business yet.”

“Interesting. It seems this individual is no pushover. Moreover, it appears that the Demon Sealing Valley has gained many benefits from the outsider who can harness the power of the Saint Kingdom.”

Wu Tian suddenly opened his eyes and observed Gu Tian battling the three ancient demons.

With a swift motion of his hand, the fallen Demon Sealing Tablets shattered.

The blood-red runes on the ground emitted a brief red glow, but it quickly faded. The light was suddenly engulfed by the demonic qi rising from the ground. The red sealing runes were obscured by the black tide, losing their power of restraint.

One, two, three, every single Demon Sealing Tablet shattered.

As the Demon Sealing Tablets shattered completely, the remaining four giant demons’ bodies solidified entirely.

A power several times greater than before emanated from their bodies.

The wriggling ancient demon seemed to have recovered from the injuries inflicted by the Divine Locking Whip.

The demonic qi within its body churned, forming a swirling vortex.

In the next instant, a skull flew out from its body, aiming for Gu Tian’s chest.

The other two ancient demons also launched powerful attacks, their force now at least three times stronger than before.

Even the three individuals who had been observing the battle from a distance could feel the intense pain from the corrosive effects of the demonic qi on their bodies. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“What a terrifying power. This force could easily annihilate me in an instant!” Su Su’s complexion grew pale.

Fortunately, neither the remaining four ancient demons nor Gu Tian had directed their attention towards them. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have been able to withstand any of the incoming attacks..