Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2639: Wu Tian Ancient Demon

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

“Not good! It could destroy the power of the Demon Sealing Tablet!

Gu Tian’s expression changed drastically. The reason why he dared to come here was because of the power of the Demon Sealing Tablet.

Even if order collapsed, this power would always exist.

Even Elder Gu Yi thought that this power could only weaken and not completely disappear. However, the change at this moment was beyond his expectations. The Demon Sealing Tablet shattered completely.

This meant that the powerful ancient demons sealed here could all be restored to their peak state.

Ethereal Movement Technique!

The destructive power had already descended, and Gu Tian could not avoid it at all.

In an instant, his body suddenly floated down like a fallen leaf. His body floated along with the tide of this power, instantly removing most of the power.

Pa!

His body fell to the ground, his face extremely pale. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Although he had used his Ethereal Movement Technique in an instant to negate nearly 60% to 70% of the power, the might of this power had also caused him to suffer considerable injuries.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Stay! Leave your soul here!

Three huge forces attacked again as if they did not want to give Gu Tian any space to rest. “Do you think you are worthy?”

Gu Tian sneered.

A wisp of flame suddenly appeared on the tip of his index finger, although it was very small.

However, it was like the rising sun, completely lighting up the darkness of the Eternal Night Saint Kingdom.

Holy light Divine Flame!

The three ancient demons let out a roar in unison as if they were very afraid of this thing.

At this moment, the dense demonic qi in the air suddenly lit up, and countless flames emitted a strange light like fireworks.

Countless weaker ancient demons let out miserable howls. The holy light divine flame itself was the ultimate nemesis of demonic qi. The denser the demonic qi, the more fuel it would use to light up.

As the ancient demons lit up the divine flames, a vigorous force entered Gu Tian’s body like a gale.

As the power entered his body, his pale face instantly recovered.

This holy light divine flame was so strong that it could light up the demonic qi and convert it into pure Saint Power.

Qin Yu was somewhat shocked. He had heard Cang Yun and Gu Tian talking about this flame, but he had never thought that its power would be so terrifying.

Ling Bo!

Gu Tian stepped into the air again, and his body floated up at an extremely fast speed.

Fleeing Shadow!

Then, his body suddenly appeared behind the Fluid Ancient Demon.

Whoosh!

He placed the holy light divine flame in front of his mouth and blew it out.

A tiny spark entered the ancient demon’s body with his breath.

The ancient demon’s body suddenly lit up. A bright yellow light burst out from its body, and a huge flame burned on its massive body.

This powerful ancient demon was turned into ashes by this attack.

Then, Gu Tian did not stop moving. He used two more Fleeing Shadow Techniques to set the two ancient demons on fire.

“What a powerful Dharma Treasure! No matter how powerful these three ancient demons are, they can’t defend against the invasion of the divine flames at all!”

A single Dharma Treasure had turned the entire situation around.

“Not bad. Gu Yi is willing to give you this Dharma Treasure. It seems that I can’t keep you here today.”

A long-haired ancient demon slowly walked over from afar.

There was no energy fluctuation on his body, but Qin Yu felt a suffocating sense of horror. It seemed that there was a terrifying power hidden in this person’s body.

“Wu Tian Ancient Demon, good, good, good. It didn’t take much effort to get here!”

A sinister smile appeared on Gu Tian’s face as he laughed maniacally.

“It’s Wu Tian. He was a terrifying demon who dominated the three lands during the reign of the human race. He was like a demon from the Buddhist Sect. At that time, he was already strong enough to crush a Saint. However, his actions later affected the divinity and triggered the wrath of the gods, which stopped him abruptly. I didn’t expect one of his arms to be suppressed in the Dao Mystical Saint Kingdom. This is not something that this guy can resist.” Immortal Emperor Yao said in shock.

Qin Yu was slightly shocked. Someone who could leave an impression on Immortal Emperor Yao was not that simple.

“Hahahaha, if it wasn’t for the fact that I didn’t want to start a war with the

Demon Sealing Valley, you would have died countless times already. Now that I’ve just broken through my seal, there are still many things I haven’t recalled.

This holy light divine flame should contain a trace of Gu Yi’s consciousness. The old fellow didn’t dare to come here himself, afraid that he would encounter some unexpected changes. So, he asked a junior to scout the way, right?”

A mocking smile appeared on Wu Tian’s face. Back when he was in the Saint Kingdom, even the strongest Holy Lord from the Saint Kingdom had to respectfully address him as the Devil Lord. He had never thought that he would end up in such a situation after 10,000 years.”

Even a native of a Saint Kingdom could be humiliated like this.

“Humph!”

Gu Tian didn’t give Wu Tian a chance to speak. He suddenly exhaled forcefully.

The divine flames that filled the sky instantly blew toward Wu Tian, but a giant hand suddenly appeared in front of him.

The divine flame landed in his palm and immediately exploded into a ball of intense fire.

A surge of power emanated from his palm. The burning divine flame was suppressed, only burning on his arm without spreading to his entire body.

“This flame is very strong. Even my saber intent can’t extinguish it. It can only be suppressed.”

The only remaining ancient demon said softly, “He raised his blade and chopped off his burning right arm.”

“What?!”

Gu Tian’s expression changed drastically. Could he even suppress this holy light divine flame?

“Saber Intent!”

Qin Yu was also somewhat shocked. This was another saber-cultivating ancient demon.

Moreover, judging from his saber intent, the saber intent of this ancient demon cultivator had already reached an extremely powerful realm.

“Since vou’ve attacked, I will return the favor.”

The last remaining ancient demon seemed to be human, emitting no demonic qi.

He took out the rusty saber in his hand, and a wave of power emitted from his body.

Gu Tian and the blade cultivator disappeared in front of everyone.

“What’s going on?”

Jiang Feng didn’t even realize how the two of them had disappeared.

“This seems to be the power of a domain. Only power above ‘force’ can do this!

The strength of this saber cultivator is very terrifying!”

Qin Yu’s expression was grave. He saw that Gu Tian didn’t move at all when the saber energy swept past.

However, the moment he was enveloped by the saber energy, his aura instantly disappeared, as if he had gone to another space. This could only be done by a domain.

In less than half a second, Gu Tian appeared again.

However, what followed was a huge gust of wind, and a terrifying wound appeared on his chest.

The saber continued to extend upward and stopped at his forehead..