Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2672: The Interrogation

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

The power of karma transcends time and space. Its even above the power of time. Let me remind you that the more miracles you obtain, the more severe the karmic backlash will be. Its the same even if you have the seal on your body. The Seal of Heaven Returning is just a profound law derived from the

Way of Time Rules. It cant offset this power.

Immortal Emperor Yao seemed to have guessed Qin Yus thoughts as he reminded him with a strange smile.

Then isnt this thing useless to me?

If it was as Immortal Emperor Yao said, and the Miracle Qi had such terrifying consequences, then he wouldnt dare to use it.

Youve already used the Explosive Blood Pill, so why should you be afraid of the Miracle Qi? The greater the backlash, the more terrifying its effects are. You just need to control it well in battle. The grade of this magical artifact is far superior to those two weapons for sure.

Immortal Emperor Yao, do you know the origin of this magical artifact? How was it forged?

Qin Yu doesnt understand how such a heaven-defying item that can forcefully increase a persons comprehension power is refined.

Haha! Its impossible to create it with ordinary things, but the primordial embryo is the seed lotus of the Primordial Green Lotus. When the world was first created, Pan Gu transformed into nothingness. However, chaos gave birth to all things. In the Primordial Chaos Universe, the most original world-cleansing green lotus was born. Once this green lotus was born, it was forbidden by the way of the universe. Its existence and energy absorption were restricted by the Path of Heaven. It then gradually withered. However, there are some broken roots left behind. This lotus is one of the lotus seeds.

Immortal Emperor Yao fell silent again.

Qin Yu frowned as he stared at the glazed jade lotus. In the end, he still chose this Dharma Treasure.

Regardless of whether it was the Heavenly Wave Sword or the Nine Heavens Startling Rainbow Sword, their effects on him were limited.

However, the Miracle Qi born from this lotus could indeed be used in desperate situations. This was more important than the two weapons.

After confirming that he had chosen the Reborn Lotus, Qin Yu returned to the first floor.

Elder MO, Ive made my choice.

Qin Yu said softly to the old man in the corner.

MO Wendao opened his eyes and saw that the magical artifact Qin Yu had chosen was the glazed jade lotus.

A hint of surprise flashed across his eyes. He had checked this lotus flower many times and was almost certain that it had no effect.

If it wasnt for the fact that the material of the glass was a little strange, it wouldnt have been placed on the fifth floor.

He did not expect Qin Yu to give up on other magical artifacts and chose this ordinary glazed jade lotus instead. Why did you choose this magical artifact?

He asked indifferently.

A hint of anger flashed in Qin Yus eyes. This was already brazenly making things difficult for him.

Did he have to explain to him the magical artifact that he chose?

Qin Yu forcefully suppressed the anger in his heart and said in a deep voice.

The material of this magical artifact is the rare Ting Xue Cold Jade. It can suppress inner demons during cultivation and is very beneficial to my cultivation.

Qin Yu didnt know what material this jade lotus was made of, so he casually named it a rare jade that he had browsed through before. Anyway, this old fellow had no way of verifying it.

Relying on external objects to cultivate is ultimately useless.

MO Wendao waved his hand and sat down again, indicating that Qin Yu could leave.

D*mn it.

At this moment, Qin Yu was already filled with anger. If not for Lingers instructions, he would not have forcefully suppressed the anger in his heart.

Stop!

Just as Qin Yu was about to leave, an extremely angry roar came from behind the door.

Qin Yu frowned and turned around, only to see MO Wendao with an ugly expression. His chest was heaving up and down.

The muscles on his face trembled slightly as if he was forcefully suppressing his anger.

Whats wrong? Elder Mo.

Why are all of the artifact spirits in the Treasure Repository Pavilion severely injured, including all of the treasures on the fifth floor?

I didnt do it. I just reached the Dao Consciousness Realm, so how could I have the ability to do so?

Qin Yu replied coldly. He did not say the name of the God Slayer.

MO Wendao also knew that the God Slayer had entered this place just now. Normal logical deductions definitely wouldnt involve him.

Stay here first, and then slowly explain.

In his rage, MO Wens left hand transformed into a claw and clawed out like lightning.

The claw emitted a crackling sound like an electric current. Qin Yu, who was ten meters away, felt a strong wind coming towards him.

Ethereal!

His chest caved in slightly, but his body immediately swayed backward with the force.

He had activated the Nine Heavens Manifestations Gaze just now and instantly used the Ethereal Movement Technique.

What a fast speed!

Qin Yu sucked in a breath of cold air.

However, he was still unable to dodge the claw. He felt a burning sensation on his chest as five deep claw marks were imprinted on it.

The Ethereal Movement Technique was still unable to completely dispel this terrifying power.

Dao Consciousness Realm was at least the same level as Elder Xin Yues late-stage realm.

Qin Yu felt an immense divine might from the attack. However, when he faced the impact of the Ten Directions Annihilation, he had broken through to the early-stage Dao Consciousness realm, so this sense of oppression was greatly offset.

Only then could he break free from the restraints of the divine might and use the Ethereal Movement Technique.

How dare you resist! You outsiders are the source of chaos in the Saint Kingdom. Even if Xin Yue comes personally today, she wont be able to protect you.

MO Wendaos expression was as cold as ice. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Soaring Wind Slash!

Qin Yu locked onto MO Wendaos internal qi and pulled him with a huge force.

Qin Yus body arrived in front of MO Wendao at an extremely fast speed. He suddenly blew out a breath of air.

The flames of the Holy Light Divine Flame suddenly enveloped MO Wendaos body and burned him into ashes in the blink of an eye.

The afterimages. What a fast speed!

MO Wendaos figure had already appeared ten meters away. f(r)eeweb(n)ovel

The Order of Reflection.

The Tiger Wing extended into the space. After three consecutive reflections, it accurately extended out from behind his head.

What a strange technique! But youre too weak. No matter how many tricks you use, itll be useless. Ill let you know how big the gap between us is. MO Wendao laughed coldly.

He threw a punch at Qin Yu. His fist was surrounded by a heavy whistling sound.

This punch seemed to be very slow, but the magnetic field that erupted around the fist grabbed Qin Yu, forcing him to face this punch directly.

Qin Yu stared at MO Wendao indifferently. He also threw a punch.

At the instant the two fists collided, a mighty force descended from the sky and poured into Qin Yus body, exploding out along with Qin Yus fist. free(w)ebnov(e)l

Boom! eastern fantasy

As the power of Saint Kingdom erupted, the power of the fist extinguished as if it was doused with water.

Qin Yus punch landed directly on MO Wens body, sending him flying.

Heart of Saint Kingdom! You actually have the Heart of Saint Kingdom!

He said in horror..

Read atest chapters at Only