Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2673: A Difficult Situation ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

This kind of restraining power even smoothed out the gap between the cultivation realms. Other than the power of the Saint Kingdom, there was no other power that could do this.

You used your long years of cultivation to suppress me, and I used the Heart of Saint Kingdom to suppress you. Theres nothing wrong with that, right? Qin Yu walked towards MO Wendao step by step.

Hahahahaha! Do you think youre very smart? How long do you think you can live since you attacked an elder of the Treasure Repository Pavilion in the Demon Sealing Valley and exposed the Heart of Saint Kingdom?

MO Wendao laughed maniacally as he slowly stood up.

Idiot.

Qin Yu threw another punch, sending MO Wendaos entire body flying.

His chest caved in by nearly ten centimeters, and he spat out a mouthful of blood.

The power of the Saint Kingdom seemed to have a great restraining effect on the natives. Even though he had just reached the Dao Consciousness Realm, this power was still enough to defeat MO Wendao.

However, he couldnt use the power of the Saint Kingdom continuously for a short period.

The container of the Heart of Saint Kingdom had already become somewhat dim, and it could no longer continue to draw on the power of the Saint Kingdom.

Qin Yu only turned around and left when he saw MO Wen was already seriously injured.

It was indeed not good for him to kill MO Wendao now. Otherwise, it would be difficult for him to move forward in the Demon Sealing Valley.

If MO Wendao hadnt been so aggressive and even wanted to kill him directly, Qin Yu wouldnt have retaliated.

At the entrance, Gu Yi and the other four elders appeared in front of Qin Yu. Behind them were about ten inner sect disciples.

Where do you think youre going? Outsiders.

MO Wendaos voice came from inside the door. He struggled to stand up.

This madman destroyed many magical artifacts in the Treasure Repository Pavilion and even tried to kill me. Please join forces to kill him.

MO Wendao said in a deep voice. eastern fantasy

Moreover, he has the Heart of Saint Kingdom on him. I was seriously injured by the power of Saint Kingdom just now, so please be careful.

Its fine. Elder MO, just watch. The power of the Heart of Saint Kingdom cant be used continuously for a short period. Gu Yi slowly walked out and stared coldly at Qin Yu.

Kneel and Ill spare your life.

Before Qin Yu could respond, the two elders behind him had already attacked.

Whoosh!

An energy arrow appeared in the distance and exploded in front of the two of them.

The huge impact forced the two of them to fly backward.

Aiden!

Qin Yu was overjoyed.

This was Aiden, the elf who had traded the Heart of Saint Kingdom for the Sun Chasing Bow. He did not expect Aiden to dare to help him at a time like this. As Immortal Emperor Yao said, the elven race valued promises the most.

Youre courting death!

Gu Tian was furious when he saw that there were outsiders who dared to attack.

Under the Ling Bo Movement Technique, he was about to directly capture him.

As he continued to stomp on the air, Gu Tians body was already extremely fast. Soon, she was close to Aiden.

When he slapped down, Aiden suddenly disappeared.

In the next moment, a stream of energy exploded in his chest. The huge force almost pierced through him. What a tough clothes!

Aiden frowned.

He had used almost all of his strength in that arrow, but it still could not penetrate Gu Tian.

He slammed the ground and jumped. His body moved like a beast as he approached Aiden.

Aiden took a few steps back like lightning, and his internal qi disappeared again.

Even when Gu Tian paid full attention, he could not find any clues. Plane Travel. This seems to be the innate talent of the elven race. Gu Yi frowned and reminded.

Almost as soon as he finished speaking, Aiden appeared a hundred meters away from Gu Tian.

At this moment, half of his body was exposed, but the other half could not be seen at all. It was very strange.

In his hand, the Sun Chasing Bow emitted a dazzling light.

The arrow emitted an earthy fragrance, making people feel as if they were in a primitive forest.

Another arrow shot out from his hand, and a terrifying energy wave exploded in front of Gu Tian.

Muluo Trap, Thorn Cage.

After the arrow energy exploded, countless huge vines suddenly grew out from the center of the explosion.

It completely covered the area where Gu Tian was. The vines with countless thorns were like pythons, surrounding Gu Tian.

Holy Light Divine Flame! Destroy!

Whoosh!

Gu Tians angry voice sounded from the depths of the vines. The fire instantly drowned the dense vines.

In the blink of an eye, the thorny cage was turned into ashes.

Qin Yu, Ive tried my best. Take care of yourself.

Aiden said with a bitter smile and disappeared into the void again.

He originally did not think that he could save Qin Yu from the hands of these many elders. However, he still had to make a move due to his previous promise.

Da*n it!

Gu Tian hit the ground hard. At this moment, his clothes were tattered, and he looked very disheveled.

However, this Plane Travel skill was too strange. He could not capture the other partys internal qi at all.

Qin Yu, how does it feel to be enemies with the Demon Sealing Valley? This place is your death zone.

Hua Tian patted his stomach hard.

The power of cosmic luck was very strange and could change in an instant.

If he had been slower than Qin Yu, MO Wendao would have targeted him.

Therefore, he chose Prajna and left when he sensed that his cosmic luck had changed.

Today, no one can save you. The Heart of the Saint Kingdom in your body will forever remain in this Demon Sealing Valley. As for you, your journey will end here in the Ancient Demon Land.

Gu Yi stepped out and made a hand seal.

Qin Yus pupils constricted. This was the hand seal that Gu Yi had used to summon the invisible demonic beast.

He activated the Nine Heavens Manifestations Gaze, and power flowed into it. All his attention was raised to the limit.

Explode!

In the next moment, the power of the Nine Heavens Manifestations Gaze poured out, exploding directly in front of Qin Yu.

A huge magical beast smashed onto the ground. A huge wound appeared on the chest of the huge creature. This time, the injury was much more serious than Xin Yues attack. It seemed that it couldnt survive.

Qin Yus divine soul advanced from the peak of the Human Consciousness to the Dao Consciousness. The Nine Heavens Manifestations Gaze once again improved along with the improvement of his divine soul. This time, he was barely able to discover Gu Yis invisible demonic beast!

Impudent!

Gu Yi punched out furiously.

The terrifying vibration force of the Strong Demon Tremor Technique erupted once again.

The space trembled. The immense power of divine might once again locked Qin Yu down. Judging from the power of divine might, Gu Yi was stronger than MO Wendao.

This divine might suppressed Qin Yu so much that he could not even use his movement technique.

Qin Yus body suddenly emitted a faint light, and another Heart of Saint Kingdom lit up.

The violent power of Saint Kingdom descended from the sky, and another punch was sent out..

Updatd frm