Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2679 - 2679: The Miracle

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

“You’ve finally reached your limit.”

Hua Tian’s expression was a little sinister. A hint of murderous intent flashed across his eyes.

The Divination Sword of the Great Expansion Divine Technique, Sky-splitting Slash.

It was the strongest move of the Great Expansion Divine Techniques and the ultimate sword move that Hua Tian could master.

Countless hexagrams appeared around his arm like armor, wrapping around his right arm.

The Divination Sword landed in his right palm again, and Hua Tian raised it high.

In the void, the space seemed to be like the surface of water, trembling slightly.

Countless hexagrams rolled around the tip of the sword, and the terrifying power of the hexagrams surged into the sword.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

The sword emitted a shocking Spiritual Energy Sword. Before it could even slash out, the sword intent was already suffocating.

Great Expansion Divine Technique, lever!

Veins bulged on Hua Tian’s face. At this moment, his divine soul followed the power of the Great Expansion Divine Technique and traced it to the source.

In the Demon Sealing Valley, he could sense the source of the Great Expansion Divine Technique.

Qian, Kun, Dui, Li, Zhen, Xun, Kan, Gen

At the source, eight terrifying consciousnesses lurked in eight directions.

As long as one was slightly affected, one would probably be turned into powder.

Hua Tian landed in the middle, and the internal qi from eight directions formed a hole.

“Master of the Eight Trigrams, please lend me your strength!”

Hua Tian laughed loudly as he extended the sword in his hand.

The Qian hexagram represented the sky, the universe, and the power of nature. It represented creation and change, as well as the laws and order of the universe.

The Kun hexagram represented the earth, symbolizing the power to bear and nurture. It represented the power of geographical stability and tolerance. Two huge bolts of lightning suddenly descended, landing right on the Divination Sword.

The power of the two divinations surged into the Divination Sword, and it suddenly expanded by dozens of times.

The huge Spiritual Energy Sword circled the two items like a swimming dragon. Meanwhile, Hua Tian’s body seemed to have been fed back by the Divination Sword. At this moment, his body swelled up like it was inflated.

Right now, Hua Tian was only at the True Consciousness Realm, so borrowing the power of two hexagrams was already his limit.

Even if there was a little more power, his body would probably be completely shattered.

The veins on his face bulged, revealing a twisted and ferocious expression.

Sky-splitting Slash!

A magnificent Spiritual Energy Sword slashed out toward Qin Yu.

Even Gu Ying was hiding on the ground, afraid that he would be affected by the terrifying Spiritual Energy Sword.

“This sword is at least at the Dao Consciousness Realm! How is this possible?

How can a True Consciousness Realm cultivator use such a sword move?”

Gu Yi’s face turned pale. At this moment, everyone understood why Dan chose

Hua Tian.

The talent that Hua Tian displayed was indeed worthy of being chosen by the Demon Sealing Valley.

The two Hears of Saint Kingdom on Qin Yu’s body suddenly lit up. A bright light shot out from his sea of consciousness.

Two massive powers of Saint Kingdom descended from the void.

“The power of Saint Kingdom? This is useful against us natives, but Hua Tian is also an outsider. I’m afraid it won’t be of much use, right?”

Gu Ying and the others were also watching the battle attentively. They wanted to see how Qin Yu would deal with it.

“I also have the Heart of Saint Kingdom.”

Hua Tian laughed coldly. The Heart of Saint Kingdom descended and protected his body.

Even though the power of Saint Kingdom was useless against him, he still had to be careful.

The two streams of power of Saint Kingdom did not bombard Hua Tian but instead landed in Qin Yu’s palm.

At this moment, a glazed jade lotus slowly appeared in his palm.

As the two huge Saint Powers fell, Reborn Lotus gave off a brilliant glazed light.

In the world inside the lotus flower, the two terrifying forces poured in.

Countless golden Miracle Qi emanated from the lotus heart, filling the entire world of the lotus with golden mist.

In the next moment, the world of the lotus flower began to slowly change.

A huge paradise was formed inside.

The Seven Treasures Pool was filled with the Eight Virtues Water, while the bottom of the pool was covered with pure golden sand.

The four-sided stairway was composed of gold, silver, glass, and glaze.

All kinds of pavilions were decorated with gold, silver, glass, tridacna, red pearls, and agate.

The lotus flowers in the pond were as big as wheels. There were green light, yellow light, red light, and white light. All of them were delicate and fragrant. This was the paradise that Buddhism described to all its disciples. At this moment, paradise appeared in this lotus.

Miracle Qi!

Qin Yu took a deep breath and absorbed all the golden mist into his hand.

In an instant, he absorbed all the Miracle Qi.

Qin Yu only felt his divine soul slowly expand. The source of power in this Saint Kingdom gradually became clear in front of his eyes.

His gaze pierced through the Demon Sealing Valley and he saw the core region of the Saint Kingdom.

The locations of the countless seas of laws were displayed in front of him. In the core region of the Dao Mystical Saint Kingdom, a shocking explosion of thunder sounded from a certain location.

This thunder scattered all the clouds in the surrounding area.

At this moment, countless people suddenly opened their eyes.

A silver-haired youth revealed a shocked expression.

“Who is it? He directly mobilized the source power of the Order of Destruction.

Moreover, he did not form a contract, but directly suppressed and used it.”

In his perception, the source of the destruction had completely left and disappeared in an instant.

The terrifying consciousness power was able to suppress the consciousness of the Order of Destruction. Only a Holy Consciousness could do this. Were these three top figures in this world attacking?

The surrounding people were also shocked. This unforeseen event made them no longer have the mood to cultivate.

“Oh no!”

Hua Tian’s expression changed drastically. The blade light almost drowned Qin

However, Hua Tian saw a destructive saber light swing out from the Tiger Wing.

His Sky-splitting Slash collapsed instantly. The terrifying saber light almost swallowed him directly. That beast-like consciousness made him like a small boat in a storm, and he couldn’t even move a finger.

“How… how is this possible?”

Hua Tian’s face was filled with disbelief. This terrifying power of consciousness was no longer a simple leverage.

Instead, the power of the source was completely drawn out.

This was equivalent to him levering all the power of the Eight Trigrams of the Great Expansion Divine Technique.

His cultivation realm was above Qin Yu’s at this moment, but he could only leverage the power of two hexagrams given his limit.

Why? Qin Yu, whose cultivation realm was lower than his, was able to use such terrifying power.

A black lotus slowly appeared in front of Hua Tian.

At this moment, the twelfth-grade Black Lotus of Annihilation slowly moved.

The black lotus petals slowly spread open.

It formed a strange black circle. A force in the black hole collided with Qin Yu’s saber light..