Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2684: The Great Change in the Saint Kingdom

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Nearly half of the elites in the Demon Sealing Valley burned their soul power to form the Book of Earth’s protection. At least, the Fire Lotus did not annihilate the Demon Sealing Valley under this attack.

Was this Wu Tian who had shocked the three realms? If he could recover his full strength, who could stop him?

At this moment, Gu Yi and the group of people who were unwilling to die retreated to the back half of the Demon Sealing Valley.

His face was deathly pale. All of them looked extremely miserable under the impact of the Angry Buddha Lotus Flame storm.

“The lotus explodes, and the karma is over. There is no longer any karma between the Ancient Demon Land and the Demon Sealing Valley.”

Wu Tian said calmly.

“No. This Demon Sealing Valley has suppressed us for so long. Not a single living being here can survive. I want them to feel the desDair of the long vears.” A fiend with two horns and a height of thirty feet let out a strange laugh.

However, his voice suddenly stopped, followed by a sudden heat wave rose from his body.

His body expanded like a balloon. The ancient demons around him realized that something was wrong and frantically fled.

The next moment, his body exploded. The powerful demon could not even stop his consciousness in front of Wu Tian.

As Wu Tian left, the ancient demons let out shrill howls as they passed through the Demon-Sealing Valley, which had lost half of its population.

As they headed deeper into the land. The seal had been completely broken. From now on, they could roam freely in this Saint Kingdom without any restrictions.

Furthermore, as long as they could completely force out the invaded power of the Saint Kingdom, they could even seize the Heart of Saint Kingdom and obtain the position of Holy Lord.

“Buddha Wu Tian, this is strange. None of the three Hearts of Saint Kingdom between Qin Yu and Hua Tian appeared.”

Pang De asked Wu Tian with a frown.

“I noticed it too. He doesn’t seem to be dead yet. He’s currently in a state between existence and non-existence. I don’t know how long this situation will last. With my current strength, I can’t intervene in this situation. We’ll talk about it after the final result is out.’

Wu Tian frowned slightly.

He thought that Qin Yu would die at the peak after he consumed the Miracle Qi from the Reborn Lotus. But now, it seemed that something had changed.

Pang De was shocked to hear the answer from Wu Tian. He knew what the Miracle Qi meant.

At this moment, Qin Yu was still alive. Could it be that he had the chance to create a true miracle?

Even the mighty realm cultivator of the Buddha had died in the backlash of this divine artifact. Could it be that this kid could withstand such a heaven-defying backlash?

“Chen Shuang chose this kid and his fate is forcefully concealed. I can’t even find any clues, but it doesn’t matter. As long as he stays in this Saint Kingdom, he will eventually face me. This is an inescapable fate.”

Wu Tian shook his head slightly and quickly threw the distracting thoughts back in his mind.

No matter what, Qin Yu’s strength is still too weak. Even if the entire Demon

Sealing Valley were to join forces in addition to the Saint Kingdom’s Book of Earth, they wouldn’t be a match for Wu Tian. Let alone Qin Yu, who is only at the True Consciousness Realm.”

“Alright, it’s time to find the next Heart of Saint Kingdom.”

A young man stood up in a dark corner of the Ancient Demon Land.

A Heart of Saint Kingdom floated in his hand, and the mighty power of Saint Kingdom centered around him.

After that, it broke through the clouds, left the Saint Kingdom, and finally landed in the Zi Yang Saint Kingdom.

His upper body was bare. Countless scars from the battles were carved on his muscular body.

Upon closer inspection, one could not even find a complete part. The strangest thing was that there was the outline of a demon god’s face on his chest.

Beside him, there were all kinds of powerful demon corpses. There were so many of them that they almost blocked his body.

At this moment, the Heart of Saint Kingdom in his hand did not have any light at all. He even casually threw it onto the pile of corpses.

One had to know that this Heart of Saint Kingdom was a treasure that all outsiders would fight for.

However, he had just thrown the Heart of Saint Kingdom away. Countless pairs of eyes in the darkness stared straight at him.

The air was filled with rapid breathing. Although the power of the Heart of Saint Kingdom had been completely drained, it was still a supreme treasure to them.

As the last bit of power of Saint Kingdom was withdrawn, a huge thunderbolt suddenly appeared in the sky above Ancient Demon Land.

The huge lightning bolts in the sky shuttled back and forth, filling the air with an ominous smell.

After the lightning disappeared, one huge pattern after another remained in the sky above the Ancient Demon Land for a long time.

It was a scene of countless mountains of corpses and seas of blood. It was a scene of destruction.

There were countless tombstones and coffins. A picture of the ancient battlefield seemed to be projected into the sky above the Ancient Demon Land.

Wu Tian looked at the pattern in the sky. His expression turned grim.

Far away, an old man looked worriedly at the sky above the Ancient Demon

Land. This person was Elder Tianji who had given Qin Yu the Sun Chasing Bow.

He muttered, “The balance of the Dao Mystical Saint Kingdom has been broken.

Could it be that this final calamity started from the lower realm and the Dao Mystical Saint Kingdom?”

As the last trace of Saint Power dissipated, all the shackles were lifted.

Countless ancient demons rushed towards the core of the Saint Kingdom. At the periphery of the Dao Mystical Saint Kingdom, the originally terrifying barrier started to tremble as its power dimmed significantly.

“Good chance.”

At a certain border of the incomparably huge Dao Mystical Saint Kingdom, a man with a huge beard revealed a pleasantly surprised expression.

An attack that shook the entire Saint Kingdom suddenly struck out, directly bombarding the barrier of the kingdom. In an instant, a terrifying storm erupted in this area.

In the next moment, a hole the size of a needle hole appeared in the barrier. His body moved swiftly and he entered the hole.

“Hahaha! Finally, a flaw has appeared. The purest energy of this Saint Kingdom belongs to me!”

A man who was about a meter tall smiled. If one looked closely, he looked like hundreds of years old.

He touched the barrier with both hands, and a force gathered in his palms.

The barrier that no one could approach did not attack him. Beads of sweat began seeping from the dwarf old man’s face.

The energy in his hand slowly spread to his arm and then covered his shoulder.

Finally, his upper body was covered in this layer of energy.

Then, his body assimilated into the barrier energy and fused into it.

In the next second, a stream of energy shuttled out from the barrier. The dwarf old man’s body appeared in the Saint Kingdom..