Chapter 2690: Undead Leviathan

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi- Bo Studio

Moreover, many people have benefited from this order. I have also received the help of many guild companions because of this order. Even though I only had a one-star medal before, many guild companions with higher star levels than me came when I asked for help.

Ruoyao said with a smile. After explaining to Qin Yu, she sped up again.

However, Qin Yus expression was not as relaxed as hers. At this moment, his Nine Heavens Manifestations Gaze saw the area where the signal was sent as the center.

Violent Saint power surged into that area.

A terrifying wave of Saint Power emanated from there.

As they got closer, they could already see a stinky fog emitting from them.

Dont breathe in this gas. This corrosive gas cant be that monster, right? Isnt this thing in the core areas Deathland Swamp?

Ruoyaos expression changed when she saw the gas. She did not look as relaxed as before.

Qin Yu frowned slightly. At this moment, his body also began to feel the changes.

After a short stay in this poisonous creature, his skin was already a bloody mess, looking extremely terrifying.

Qin Yus mind moved, and his divine soul thought moved.

Immediately, a surge of Saint Power was drawn into and flowed throughout his body.

His skin absorbed a huge amount of Saint Power. In just a short while, his bodys strength had increased by a level. Although these poisonous creatures still caused him a slight burning pain, he could continue to move forward.

Qin Yu began to understand that the biggest change from the True Consciousness to the Dao Consciousness Realm was that the strength of the divine soul became more powerful.

At this moment, his soul power could already guide the Saint Power into his body and continuously strengthen his physical body.

He could even attack with holy energy, although it was not as pure as the one in the Heart of the Saint Kingdom.

However, it was also extremely powerful. Just like Ruoyaos Spiritual Energy Sword earlier, the Saint Power had penetrated the Spiritual Sword Energy, causing it to increase exponentially.

You really just broke through to the Dao Realm. However, its rare for you to be so strong!

Ruoyao was surprised to see that Qin Yus body had suddenly adapted to the poisons invasion.

She might not have been able to defeat the Sand Crocodile King with her full strength, but it had been killed by Qin Yu in one strike. Furthermore, Qin Yu had just stepped into the Dao Realm and his body had not even been strengthened.

However, everyone had their secrets and thus, Ruoyao didnt probe further.

After nearly two hours, the two of them finally arrived at that area.

In that area, a huge battle had already erupted.

Several people had already died on the ground. The dense poisonous fog made it impossible for people to see clearly what was happening a few meters away.

What a terrifying holy energy fluctuation! This Demonic Beast must be extremely powerful even in the Dao Realm.

Qin Yu frowned slightly.

Ruoyao, youre here.

A curly-haired young man in a white robe nodded lightly. He glanced at Qin Yu but did not speak to him.

Ill make the long story short. Some people here still havent figured out the current situation. Whats entrenched here is a Hydras undead, Leviathan. Its level is very high. It has already reached Level 5.

Why is Leviathans undead here?

The expressions of the surrounding people changed drastically. The Hydra itself was a demonic beast that was close to a divine beast.

Its terrifying power was not something they could deal with. Even in the core region, not many people dared to provoke it.

Leviathan had died in the Demon Sealing Valley before. Perhaps a huge change has happened here. The huge dark energy has transformed its divine soul into an undead. If we dont get rid of it, it will continue to devour the nearby power. After a period, we wont be able to stop it.

Yi Han said in a deep voice.

Brother Yi Han, we cant deal with a Level 5. Even the strongest here is Level 4, and thats you.

Ruoyaos expression changed.

This undead Leviathan should have been born not long ago. Its intelligence is not high at the moment. Its only relying on its instincts. As long as I find an opportunity, my Spiritual Energy Sword can kill it. Now that I have cut off two of its heads, and there are only seven left!

Yi Hans expression did not change.

This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to kill this devil. If it continues to grow, how many people will die here? Just listen to me!

Ruoyao and the others looked displeased, but no one refuted.

It seemed that the difference in authority between the levels of the Guardian of Order Guild was very obvious. No one here wanted to offend Yi Han.

Then tell me how to deal with it.

One of the men with a cold expression asked in a deep voice.

The Hydra undead, Leviathan, can smell blood. It can split into nine undead bodies and hide in the void to escape at any time. However, according to my analysis, its current intelligence is not high. As long as we can attract its wandering instinct, we can destroy it by killing its nine clones one by one. Yi Han pointed at the man who had just spoken.

Now its your turn to get on, Lin Qi. Ill keep an eye on this Hydra. Once it appears, Ill kill it with all my might.

Qin Yu couldnt help but chuckle and almost burst out laughing.

Qin Yu thought that he would tell what kind of strategy he was going to use, but it turned out that he was going to send someone else to their death.

If it was so safe, then what was with the corpses on the ground?

Moreover, he reckoned that this guys character wasnt very good. The people around him revealed disdainful expressions when he spoke as if they didnt care about his righteous words.

If it wasnt for his medal suppressing the others, perhaps no one would pay attention to him.

Lin Qis expression changed. He was about to say something.bender

However, he stopped when he saw Yi Han s slightly narrowed eyes.

He leaped up and stopped in the air, above the poisonous fog.

Roar!

In just an instant, a huge snakes head suddenly appeared.

The huge snake head instantly swallowed Lin Qi.

Boom!

The broadsword in Yi Hans hand emitted a powerful energy fluctuation. A surge of Spiritual Energy Sword cut off its head almost at the same time.

The huge snakes head and body slammed into the ground, and a green flame suddenly ignited.

Brother Lin!

A young man rushed over and pulled Lin Qi out of Leviathans mouth, but he only pulled out a bony hand.

In just a short while, his entire body was completely corroded by the snakes head.nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Continue.

Yi Hans expression did not change as he pointed at the young man.

You!

The young man stared at Yi Han angrily. His fists clenched tightly.

Yi Han gently raised his broadsword and stared at him coldly. Chuan Ze, do you have any objections to my arrangements?

Hmph !

Chuan Ze took two deep breaths and finally suppressed his anger..