Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2691: The Nine Heavens Saint Sword

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Chuan Ze, my strength is higher than yours. Ill go in your place! Ruoyao stopped Chuan Ze and directly fought in his place.

This silly girl is too kind. Qin Yu covered his face.

Sister Ruoyao, Ill go with you!

The young mans expression changed and he followed Ruoyao into the poisonous fog.

The undead Leviathan could hide in the void silently, which was the most difficult thing to guard against. If there were two people, they might be able to discover its traces earlier.

Yi Han smiled coldly. His lips clearly spitted out the word idiot .

Furthermore, Qin Yu had noticed that his face revealed a lustful expression when he saw Ruoyao. He probably had many ideas about Ruoyao.

Qin Yu looked at him coldly. It seemed that no matter where it was, there would be a lot of scumbags.

The two people in the air focused their attention. With the blood energy of the two Dao Realm experts, another undead Leviathan shot out.

Slash!

This time, Ruoyao was able to detect the spatial fluctuations in time, and a sword light slashed out.

After blocking Leviathan for a moment, Yi Hans sword light cut off the snakes head again.

The fourth! Great!

Yi Hans face was filled with excitement. His eyes were filled with greed as he looked at the Hydras clone that had fallen.

All of a sudden, Qin Yu felt the holy energy in the area suddenly surge.

An angry voice suddenly roared. That voice actually faintly sounded like a dragons roar.

When it reached his sea of consciousness, it even made him tremble as if it was warning him of the ferocity of the owner of this voice.

What terrifying Holy Power! This power doesnt seem like something Yi Han can handle.

Qin Yus expression was solemn. This power had surpassed Yi Hans Dao Realm Level 4 power.

Before he could think about it, countless poisonous fog spewed out from all directions.

In an instant, the concentration of the poisonous fog here instantly increased to an extremely high level.

Ruoyao and Chuanze, who were in the air, started to sway as if they were seriously affected.

Qin Yus skin once again felt an intense burning pain. He frowned and activated his Saint Power to strengthen his skin again.

Boom!

A huge roar sounded above them.

A Hydra that was several thousand feet long had appeared out of nowhere, staring at everyone with its huge eyes that were like stars.

The scales on its body also reflected a deep cold light. Its entire body was almost transparent.

At this moment, the sound of poisonous snakes came from all directions, and the remaining six clones suddenly entered its body.

As the six clones entered, its body expanded again.

At this moment, its huge body was curled up, and a bright green flame burst out from its abdomen.

Then, it spewed into the huge snakes head at an extremely fast speed like the larva, and then exploded in the huge snakes eye.

The entire world suddenly turned green. The entire area that the snakes eyes shone on had fallen into a strange green light space.

Qin Yu only felt an unstoppable force enter his body, making him numb. Stone zombies started to appear from his head and then spread to his entire body.

Devil Petrification. This is the Hydras innate ability. How can an undead master an innate ability?

Yi Han let out a terrified cry. Even with his Dao Realm Level 4 strength, his body was covered in a layer of stone zombies.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

He wanted to pick up the broadsword, but his hands could not move at all.

Hahahaha! Good! This energy is more like it. Is there any more? Give me more!

The Daggers laughter came from his sea of consciousness. At this moment, the energy covering Qin Yus body was suddenly absorbed.

The stone zombies all retreated, and Qin Yu regained his ability to move.

Oh no!

At this moment, Ruoyao and Lin Qi were the closest to the Hydra, so they were completely petrified and smashed down.

Oin Yu tamed the ground with his feet and placed the two stone statues on the

ground.

Soaring Wind Slash!

Qin Yu looked at the huge Hydra and suddenly appeared in front of it.

Leviathan, Hiss!

The Hydra looked at the human who had not been petrified and immediately let out a roar that made the air tremble.

Its line of sight slowly contracted, and it directly looked at Qin Yu with its ultimate eye power.

In this line of sight, even the air was petrified.

A stone statue passageway was approaching Qin Yu!

Alright, Ill use you to test my current strength!

Qin Yus divine soul surged with all its strength, and a huge amount of Saint Power entered his Nine Heavens Manifestations Gaze.

Then, he suddenly opened his eyes, and a terrifying power exploded.

As the golden light exploded, the stones in front of him directly exploded into powder.

That terrifying energy attacked the Hydras main body. Qin Yus body trembled violently, and the blood on the Nine Heavens Manifestations Gaze spurted out.

Its not over yet!

Qin Yu gritted his teeth. At this moment, his gaze power actually changed again.

Under Qin Yus control, the originally invisible gaze power was compressed into a huge holy sword.

The terrifying holy sword pierced through the Hydras head and completely destroyed it.

This move shall be called the Nine Heavens Holy Sword!

The Nine Heavens Manifestations Gaze on Qin Yus forehead slowly closed. After he reached the Dao Realm, he could finally take a step further in grasping the gaze power.

Previously, he could only control the direction and unleash that energy.

He was just trying it out this time, but he did not expect to succeed immediately. He used his divine soul to condense this energy into a holy sword.

This killing power was at least Dao Realm Level 6, or else he wouldnt be able to kill the undead Hydra.bender

Energy! Such powerful energy!

Before Qin Yu could react, the dagger in his sea of consciousness instantly appeared in his hand.

Under the tremendous force, Qin Yu actually involuntarily charged toward the Hydra, absorbing all of its energy.

Not bad, not bad. Ive finally recovered some strength.

The dagger burped and returned to Qin Yus sea of consciousness.

Qin Yu, who was left behind with a shocked expression, wondered what this thing was.

Could it be the divine soul of the old man? He had just experienced a trip to Gods Space but his strength had already skyrocketed.

However, he did not expect that his body would be controlled by the dagger so easily.

Little brother, how are you so strong? I really cant judge a book by its cover!

Ruoyaos face was full of surprise as she came over and stared at Qin Yu curiously.

What do you mean you cant judge a book by its cover?

Qin Yu was speechless.

Thank you, big brother, for saving my life!

Lin Qi said gratefully. Although they were petrified just now, they were still conscious.

They did not expect that Qin Yu would save them. The surrounding people also come over to thank Qin Yu.

Ruoyao, is this your Dao companion? Hes amazing!

A woman in enchanting clothes came over and asked curiously..