Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2692: Eight Clones

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Wu Qian, dont pose any ideas about my brother. I can change my identity at any time!

Ruoyao stared at Wu Qian warily.

A few more women came over and they immediately started to make a fuss. Ruoyao seemed to have a good relationship with these people. Soon, her side became lively.

Brat, hurry up and continue to search for energy for me. Im still starving!

In Qin Yus sea of consciousness, the rough voice of the dagger suddenly sounded again.

Big brother, didnt you just have the energy of an entire Hydra?

Qin Yu was a little speechless. What exactly was this dagger?

He was still hungry despite swallowing such a huge amount of Saint Power.

Tsk! This little bit of energy isnt even enough to fill the gaps between my teeth!

Dagger said disdainfully. It then suddenly rolled around in Qin Yus sea of consciousness.

Alright, alright, alright. If I see any powerful energy, Ill let you have it immediately.

Qin Yus heart skipped a beat as she watched, afraid that this thing would cause some damage to his sea of consciousness.bender

Thats more like it. I will also give you some benefits. This thing is useless to me.

At this moment, the dagger spat out a stream of white energy.

It suddenly swept up in Qin Yus sea of consciousness like a whirlwind. In an instant, Qin Yus expression was greatly shocked.

This energy was like a poisonous snake, instantly biting his divine soul and then shuttling into it.

Then, eight soul bodies slowly separated from Qin Yus sea of consciousness.

This is also one of Leviathans innate divine abilities. It can be used to split into eight clones. You can study the details yourself. Im going to sleep. Dagger said lazily.

Qin Yus mind moved, and the soul power surged onto one of the soul bodies.

Immediately, Qin Yus clone appeared beside him. What surprised him was that this was not a simple clone technique.

The vision and perception of this clone were all shared with him.

Moreover, the clones strength actually occupied 40% of his real strength. This was a little exaggerated.

Each of the eight clones had nearly half of his strength, and they could share vision and perception. This was already a little abnormal.

Brother Qin Yu, thats you. Your clone technique is a little powerful. Every one of them looks real!

Ruoyao and the others were immediately attracted to his technique, so she asked curiously.

Hand over this Soul-splitting Crystal. Its not something you should take.

Yi Han, who had been searching the place where the undead Leviathan had died, noticed the commotion here. His expression immediately became very ugly. He walked over and said to Qin Yu in a low voice.

Get lost!

Qin Yu replied with just two words.

Yi Hans eyes narrowed like a poisonous snake. His arm moved slightly.

However, he seemed to have thought of how Qin Yu had killed the Hydra in one strike. He was no match for him.

This is what the Guardian of Order Guild wants. Our guild has paid a huge price for this Soul-splitting Crystal. Do you want to make an enemy of our entire guild?

Yi Han said coldly.

If it wasnt for Brother Qin Yu, Im afraid we would all be dead right now, including you. Moreover, he was the one who killed the Hydra in the end. It doesnt make sense for you to use the guild to force him, does it?

Chuan Ze couldnt hold it in any longer and directly said.

His good brother had died because of his selfishness just now, including the death of six people in the guild. It was all because of this Soul-splitting Crystal.

If the guild truly needed the crystal, he should have called a few Level 5 and Level 6 guardians. Their deaths would not have been in vain then.

If Qin Yu was not here, none of them could return today. This was all because of this persons selfish desires.

Yi Han, although your star-class is above ours, dont go too far.

Ruoyao clenched her fists and said coldly.

She had always been a straightforward person, which was why she had helped Chuan Ze.

Seeing how shameless Yi Han was, she finally couldnt help but retort.

Shut up! Is it your turn to speak here? What do you say? Are you going to hand over the Soul-splitting Crystal or not?

Yi Han flew into a rage and stared at everyone with his venomous eyes. Immediately, the few people who still wanted to speak lowered their heads.

However, he was the one who saved us

Ruoyao frowned.

Did I let you speak?

Yi Hans face was furious. He originally wanted to use the guilds force to suppress Qin Yu. If these people did not cooperate, he would probably not be able to intimidate this outsider.

He raised his hand and was about to slap Ruoyao in the face.

Clang!

A bloody light suddenly appeared, and the crisp sound of a saber being unsheathed could be heard.

One of Yi Hans arms had already flown high into the air. His face instantly turned pale.

How dare you attack the Guardian of Order Guilds 4-star guardian! Youre dead!

If you dare to say another word, your head will be the next to fly.

Qin Yu looked at him coldly.

Alright, I hope you dont regret it. There are some things that you cant touch!

Yi Han said coldly, then turned around and left.

Dont you understand what I said?

Qin Yu said with a smile.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Yi Hans expression changed drastically as a bloody shadow pierced through the top of his head.

The head shot into the clouds at a terrifying speed and disappeared in front of everyone in the blink of an eye.

Bloodshadow Evasion. This Yi Han suffered a huge loss. Abandoning this body is not something that can be easily recovered.

Wu Qian was also a little dumbfounded, but she could understand.

Judging from the attack just now, Qin Yu was also a ruthless and fearless person. If she stayed, he might directly kill her here.

Brother Qin Yu, even though that was very straightforward, you have to be careful. Yi Hans identity in the guild isnt simple. He has an elder brother who is above Dao Realm level eight and possesses a 6-star medal. The resources he can use are huge. If you enter the core region, you will be in trouble. Ruoyao said to him apologetically.

Its fine. Ill kill as many of these chickens and dogs as I can.updt t ewoe .og

Qin Yu didnt mind. Although he wasnt clear about his strength, these characters werent within his fear.

Brother Qin Yu, be careful. The resources of the guild are unimaginable. Moreover, even if you have a plan, you will probably suffer a huge loss.

Chuan Zes expression was also solemn.

Thank you, everyone. Dont worry about me.

Qin Yu nodded and accepted their good intentions.

Including saving them just now, it was all because Chuan Ze and Ruoyao gave him a very comfortable feeling.

There will be a guild point that will contact us to ask about the details since something big like the appearance of the undead Leviathan has happened. Lets split up here. Otherwise, it will be very easy for the others to recognize us..