Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2693: The Milky way Holy Body

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Ruoyao said after some thought.

Alright, do you have a map of the core area?

Qin Yu asked everyone. Now that they were in the Demon Sealing Valley, he did not seem to be able to feel the guiding internal qi.

Just like the fog they encountered previously, they could be considered to have passed the three tests set by the Dao Mystical Saint.

The next step would be entering the core region and start competing with the true geniuses.

Qin Yu, I have a map here for you. There are ten different colors on this map. The darker the color, the more dangerous the place. There are also some places covered in black, which means that no one from the union has explored it yet.

Ruoyao took out a map and handed it to Qin Yu.

Alright, thank you!

Qin Yu took a look. This core region was extremely huge.

The information on the map was very detailed. This kind of map should be extremely expensive.

After parting ways with the group, Qin Yu also prepared to enter the core region alone.

Oh, I forgot to ask them about the peak master!

Suddenly, Qin Yu thought of this and immediately felt a little regretful.

He stared at the map Ruoyao had given him. The entrance to the core area was actually 10,000 meters above the Demon Sealing Valley. If one was at the True Consciousness Realm, they couldnt reach it without using holy energy.

Qin Yu directly used the Ling Bo body technique and went straight up.

Qin Yu hesitated for a moment, then suddenly stopped.

He sat cross-legged on the ground and slowly used his divine soul to mobilize the holy energy in this world.

Before entering the core area, he still had some problems that he had to solve first.

The holy energy entered his body and was absorbed by every cell.

His body was strengthening at a speed visible to the naked eye, and putrid filth was being expelled from his body.

His bones emitted a crisp cracking sound, and a layer of energy slowly covered his bones.

As the Saint Power continued to condense, the energy slowly solidified as if itUpstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

was wearing a layer of armor on the entire skeleton.

As expected, the Saint Power mobilized by the divine soul could strengthen the body after reaching the Dao realm.

Using Saint Power to heal was the same as the one he had condensed from killing the Demonic Beasts.

However, he had to activate it himself after reaching the Dao Realm. The strength of the strengthening should be related to the strength of his divine soul.

As Qin Yus divine soul moved, an even greater amount of Saint Power was poured into his body.

His skin and bones underwent another transformation.

At this moment, the armor that had once seemed to be corporeal had covered all of his skin, internal organs, and bones. His body emitted a huge aura like that of a fierce beast.

Again!

Qin Yu used all of his power of the soul, and even more violent Saint Power condensed again.

At this moment, after his skeleton continued to absorb the Saint Power, he felt a sense of urgency.

As the Saint Power entered his body, Qin Yu suddenly heard a crisp explosion.

There was a crack on his spine, and a glass-like light was emitted from it.

As the crack continued to extend, the entire spine suddenly split open, revealing the glazed spine saint bone inside!

Glazed Holy Body!

Qin Yu was ecstatic. His Glazed Holy Body had finally returned.

Before he entered the Saint Kingdom, he thought he had abandoned all his power. However, after his soul reached the Dao Realm, the holy body had actually returned.

As the holy energy continued to enter his body, the bones in his body kept cracking and turning into glazed holy bones.

The pain of his bones exploding was nothing to Qin Yu. As the last piece of bone completely transformed, his Glazed Holy Body had reached Great Success once again.

Moreover, the Glazed Holy Body that was refined by holy energy seemed to be different from before.

The force was so powerful that it seemed to be able to tear through space.

Of course, this was only an illusion. The space in the Saint Kingdom was much more stable than the space in the lower realm. It was extremely difficult to tear through space.

It seems that the secret of power lies in the divine soul. As long as it is strong enough, the ultimate cultivation path can be displayed in the body, including the innate divine abilities.bender

Qin Yu secretly guessed.

All of a sudden, his countless bones began to tremble violently.

His body suddenly burst into intense pain, and all the energy in every bone in his body boiled in an instant.

With the spine as the center, the glazed holy bones slowly faded. All the power was injected into the spine in an instant.

Qin Yus expression instantly distorted. This was completely out of his control. He felt as if his spine was about to explode. The pain almost made him faint.

Has the Saint Power gone out of control?

Qin Yu gritted her teeth, trying to control the violent Saint Power.

However, in the next moment, his spine exploded again.

A section of the spine holy bone that was emitting a dazzling silver light suddenly appeared.

As the spine holy bone transformed again, it emitted a storm-like internal qi. A huge amount of energy exploded from within, and the huge amount of energy instantly counterattacked all the bones and muscles in his body.

In an instant, all the glazed holy bones shone a hundred times brighter than before. All of them glowed with a silver light.

Boom!

A violent energy flowed through Qin Yus entire body and was finally released from his palm.

As the huge energy fluctuations spread, a milky-way-like energy shot into the clouds, leaving a huge hole in the thick dark clouds.

The silver light illuminated the sky of the Saint Kingdoms eternal night and didnt dissipate for a long time.

Milky Way Power. This move shall be called the Vast Qi of Milky Way. This is the Milky Way Holy Body that has evolved from the Glazed Holy Body!

Qin Yu did not expect that the Glazed Holy Body, which had been condensed by the Saint Power, would evolve again. This power was at least ten times stronger than the glazed holy energy from before!

In the core region, even people close to 10,000 meters away could feel this huge energy fluctuation.

What a powerful force! Who emit this? Who has the information?

A giant ape said in a deep voice.

Could it be that someone has broken through? This place seems to be the land of the Demon Sealing Valley. The cultivation technique of the Demon Sealing Valley doesnt seem to have such an internal qi.

Someone said in doubt.

However, the commotion quickly subsided. There were too many powerful geniuses in this world.

There were countless Dao Realm experts. Even though this power was very strong, there were many in the core region who could match it.

At this moment, Qin Yu still wanted to continue transforming all the bones and muscles into the Milky Way Holy Body, but he soon realized that the progress was very slow. It seemed that the energy here was no longer enough to meet the energy needs of his body..