Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2710: Dao of the Night

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

At this moment, that light was like a flame of hope and suddenly ignited.

Qin Yu was awakened by this light. He tried his best to get close to it.

At this moment, he could not feel his body, nor could he feel anything.

The only thing in front of him was that little bit of light. It was a flag showing that he was still alive.

Qin Yu did not dare to relax at all. Even though he could not even sense his body, he still tried his best to get closer to that place.

The extremely silent and dark environment was calling him to sleep.

Once he fell asleep, he would be able to obtain eternal peace. Qin Yu resisted the consciousness that was almost deep into his bones.

After an unknown period, he finally slowly approached the light spot.

It was a butterfly flapping its wings.

It stared at Qin Yu like a human and danced in front of him.

Looking at this familiar butterfly, Qin Yu suddenly fell into a daze.

It was a strong sense of familiarity, but he couldn’t remember it.

Qin Yu slowly squatted down and placed the butterfly on his palm.

His gaze turned from blank to firm.

The butterfly in Qin Yu’s hand slowly split into two, and then into four.

Countless butterflies surrounded Qin Yu. At this moment, the corners of Qin Yu’s mouth curled into a smile.

At this moment, he understood the meaning of Zhuang Zhou’s Dream Butterfly.

In the dream created by the Nineteenth Prison, he was invincible.

Even if he sank into darkness and despair, he would live forever as long as he believed that he was not dead.

At this moment, Qin Yu’s will had become his best salvation. It was a terrifying will that had been tempered countless times in despair.

It was all thanks to this butterfly that he was able to wake up in the Nineteenth Prison.

Otherwise, Qin Yu might only wake up after a long time.

A ripple-like scene slowly emitted from Qin Yu’s body. His body was abstract as if he was swimming in transparent water.

Even if someone was in front of Qin Yu, one could not see his face.

Zhuang Zhou’s Dream Butterfly– a thought of reincarnation.

There was also the masked woman’s Soul Torment Mind Technique.

One was to shuttle between the dream and reality, transferring the damage into the dream with a powerful will.

One was the Way of Dream Scenery of the scholar, Jun Yixian, which allowed one to reincarnate in the dream world for a thousand years.

The other was a top-notch cultivation technique for the cultivation of the divine soul, which was also the greatest secret of Satan.

At this moment, Qin Yu had a new understanding of the three cultivation techniques in an instant.

The three spells slowly broke down and became the most basic elements.

Qin Yu had seen these two Dao of Dreams before. He was in the dream realm created by the Nineteenth Prison now.

In this dream world, the two types of Dao of Dreams kept appearing in front of Qin Yu and then repeating themselves.

His divine sense power had undergone a qualitative change after continuous deduction. A dream power that was different from the power of the divine soul erupted from his body.

A green dreamy aura flowed on Qin Yu’s hand. This internal qi was like glass jade.

The airflow suddenly surged and cut off the Nineteenth Prison’s chains on Qin

Yu’s head.

“This is my Dao of Dreams. Let’s call it the power of the night. This power will advance with me in this world.”

This kind of power was extremely difficult to comprehend. He had only encountered twice so far.

Qin Yu’s strength greatly increased with this power.

Just like the Nineteenth Prison, it was just a summoning formation.

This was a remote space that led to the true Nineteeth Prison. This power was something that even the living beings born from the cosmic luck of the Dao Mystical Saint Kingdom couldn’t resist. One could imagine how powerful it was.

A ripple appeared in front of Qin Yu’s eyes. In the next moment, he had already reappeared in the Lei Ming Academy. “Oh! He can actually stand up!” Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Holy Lord Yan exclaimed in surprise.

“Thank you for bringing me despair just now. This is your reward.” The Night Rope.

A soul rope weaved by the power of night entered Holy Lord Yan’s body.

Qin Yu’s eyes surged with the power of dream, and his entire eyes turned pitch-black.

At this moment, the Nightmare that had been triggered had created another dream realm for him to imprison.

In the space, the Nightmare was tied to a pillar.

There was no time and space.

The time was controlled by Qin Yu. He did not even need to use any punishment.

A blurry fluctuation suddenly appeared on Holy Lord Yan’s body before turning into pure divine soul energy that surged into Qin Yu’s sea of consciousness.

Qin Yu’s memories returned one after another as he walked slowly.

Wherever it went, the Night Rope would entangle all the Nightmares and crush them.

The memories that originally belonged to him had finally returned. These important memories were indeed hidden in the bodies of these Nightmares.

Three Light Talisman!

Qin Yu did not dare to be negligent either. He surged out the power of the soul.

Using the power of his divine soul as a brush, he began to draw three huge stars and the portraits of the three Holy Lords.

As long as this Three Light Talisman was completed, the power from the outside would be drawn into this space.

Everyone here would be saved.

Although he had accidentally comprehended the Dao of Dreams his strength was completely insufficient compared to the two monsters that he was fighting with.

Qin Yu gritted his teeth as he painted. The first portrait of a Saint was completed.

The talisman floating in front of him had already emitted a mysterious fluctuation.

Under the influence of this aura, all the nearby buildings, ground, and space turned into countless cubes and shattered. “Oh no! Why is this fluctuation so big?”

Qin Yu was greatly shocked.

He sped up his drawing speed again, but he still needed some time before he could get it done.

The three stars and three Holy Lords of the Three Light Talisman would be drawn differently by every Daoist.

The reason was that everyone had a different understanding of the profound meaning of the Dao. They unleash the power of the Three Light Talisman through the profound meaning.

Therefore, one had to visualize the three stars and the profound meaning of the three Holy Lords during the drawing process.

Only in this way could the talisman drawn succeed. Otherwise, the power of the Three Light Talisman would probably not be able to break through the Nineteenth Prison without the Dao accumulation contained within!

“You’re courting death!”

At this moment, the second saint portrait was about to be completed. An angry roar came from the sky.

The space around Qin Yu had already turned into nothingness. Under the influence of the Three Light Talisman’s power, all the surrounding space had been torn apart.

Tens of thousands of divine souls took this opportunity to escape from the Nineteenth Prison.

A black bolt of lightning struck in front of Qin Yu. His body was instantly reduced to dust.

It was a Buddha’s spell, using the Yin soldiers to activate the divine soul.

A random strand of soul power among them made Qin Yu unable to resist.

The power of the night surged and turned into countless ominous crows. The destructive power was transferred into the dream realm..