Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2714 Exploring the Secret

"This person seems to be the cultivator who came up the Ladder of Chaos not long ago."

A cultivator from the Guardian of Order Guild frowned and said.

Previously, Qin Yu had directly jumped up from the Ladder of Chaos. Those who were watching the ladder had a deep impression of it.

"No matter what, this matter concerns the entire core area. It's a fact that this person forced his way into the underground mine. I suggest that we interrogate him and extract his secrets. Perhaps we can get information about the Nineteenth Prison."

Wu Hao sneered.

"He is only in his Dao Realm level 5, how could he set up such a formation?"

Xi Ming stared at Yi Yun with an ugly expression. He had sworn on his dao mind that Qin Yu would be safe here. The situation here began to develop unexpectedly.

He had thought that it was just a simple inquiry.

However, it seemed that the three major forces would rather kill the wrong person than get one missed.

Some people who had been punished were almost on their last breaths.

Hearing Wu Hao's words, the three of them did not say anything since they did not make the final decision.

Three blurry phantoms were sitting on chairs In a room not far from here.

As their bodies shook, the air around them squirmed.

They emitted countless messages. These messages slowly floated to the other two people with their thoughts.

This was the fluctuation of the Spatial Projection. At this moment, the higher-ups of the three major forces had not arrived.

They used their divine souls to project their power above the Endless Mine.

This ability required a powerful divine soul and a precise grasp of the spatial power.

Three powerful wills collided in the room as if they were having a fierce argument.

"Lord Sui, are you sure this is the Nineteenth Prison's summoning formation? The Nineteenth Prison has not appeared in the Saint Kingdom for many years."

One of them seemed uncertain.L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Based on the current information, it's the Nineteenth Prison. The Buddha who set up the formation must be in the Nineteenth Prison. He must have a deep understanding of the Nineteenth Prison to set up this 
formation.

Moreover, he has a huge appetite. If it weren't for the fact that a freak combination broke the formation of factors,

I'm afraid that all the Saint Power ores in the Saint

Kingdom would have been swept away with the power of the divine souls he absorbed and the Starry Sandworm!"

Lord Sui sent out a cold thought.

The last person's divine soul projection was a little strange. His projection emitted powerful holy energy.

"If it has something to do with the Nineteenth Prison, even finding a trace of it would be extremely important to the entire Saint Kingdom. The Nineteenth Prison has always been extremely mysterious. For example, the Great Boundless Heavenly Demon that appeared during the tribulation also came from that place. I heard that there is an opportunity to become a god there."

The other two fell silent for a long time.

The sixth level of the Tribulation was the Saint Realm, while the seventh level was the God Realm.

Who didn't want to become a high and mighty God? But how difficult was it? The position of a Sage was already unattainable, let alone a God position. Even if it was just an illusory legend, it would still make many people scramble for it.

"I once came into contact with someone who could enter the Nineteenth Prison. If one wants to open the Nineteenth Prison, one will need the coordinates of that place. Otherwise, one won't be able to set up the formation. The formation is broken this time and the person who set up the formation must be severely injured.