Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2715 - 2715: The True Spirit Gu

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

This guy was as scheming as him. As expected, he was not as easy to fool as that outsider.

“The Path of Heaven Academy has a magical artifact called Yin Xin. It was originally used to capture powerful magical beasts and special physiques. It is recently in the Endless Mine. After the array formation broke, Yin Xin captured a trace of internal which didn’t belong to Saint Power or the extended power. There is a high chance it belongs to the Dream Dao, but this internal qi was extremely weak. I guess that the person who set up this formation suffered heavy injuries after the formation was broken. And he’s in the Endless Mine right now!”

Lord Sui told the information he had.

“The interrogation this time will be jointly directed by the three clans. If we manage to capture the mastermind, everything will be shared between the three of us. If we can find out the secret of that space, I’m willing to give up on the Path of Heaven Academy.”

This time, Lord Sui mentioned the three of them, which brought their relationship closer again.

“I agree. I’ll set off immediately today and bring top-notch martial artists to the Endless Mine. We must capture the person who set this up.”

Elder Ming sent out a thought, and the projected shadow slowly dissipated.

The information that Lord Sui said had a huge impact on him. He immediately made up his mind and did not hesitate anymore.

If Lord Sui hadn’t told him the specific information, he would have hesitated.

However, he would naturally agree since it involved a specific power that he could control.

They had even lived longer than Dao Xuan Saint, Chen Shuang. Their strength had long been developed to the extreme.

If they wanted to advance further, they had to grasp all kinds of opportunities.

“I’ll leave first. I’ll be there as soon as possible.”

Gu Ying’s shadow also dissipated.

Lord Sui, who was in the air, revealed a faint sneer before slowly disappearing.

In the punishment hall, almost everyone’s communication talisman lit up.

In an instant, Xi Ming’s expression turned extremely ugly.

There was only one simple message on the talismans- Arrest all outsiders.

In other words, it would not be so easy for Qin Yu to leave.

All of a sudden, a shrill scream echoed throughout the entire square.

A black-robed man from the Path of Heaven Academy stood in front of a person who had been tortured to the brink of death.

A huge wave of mental strength spread out from his body, and the color in the dying man’s pupils faded.

Then, the mental strength invaded his sea of consciousness and pulled him out.

That person’s memory suddenly turned into a drop of green water, and the black-robed person stored the drop of water in a bottle.

As the power of the soul was extracted, the person lost consciousness and fell to the ground.

Even if he could wake up, he would probably be a cripple.

After extracting the memories of nearly ten people in a row, the black-robed man’s face turned pale.

He handed the jade bottle to Lord Tang and retreated respectfully.

Lord Tang nodded slightly and took the bottle expressionlessly.

He poured the 10 drops onto a jade plate, and a series of images flashed on the plate.

Those were the memories of the persons who had just been tortured, but these images flashed very quickly.

Lord Tang shook his head slightly and poured away the liquid on the plate.

Almost at the same time, countless black-robed men filed out. These black-robed men all had extremely powerful mental strength.

The torturers also began to retreat. They stopped torturing and then let the black-robed men begin to extract memories.

There were still some people who were in a better state before.

The people from the three major forces did not waste any time and directly attacked to heavily injure them.

When one was seriously injured and on the verge of death, it would be easier to perform a soul search because the searcher would not face strong mental resistance easily.

Even many people from the three forces could not bear to see such cruel methods.

Moreover, there was an endless stream of people being escorted over. If they all used such methods, no one could survive.

Qin Yu felt a little uneasy. Could it be that the three great forces had discovered something? Otherwise, there was no way to explain their actions.

The sound of intense battle came from the Endless Mine.

Some people started to resist. However, even the strongest people could not withstand the suppression of numbers in the face of the three forces.

Moreover, there were quite many top-notch martial artists among the three forces. There were even three people with extremely terrifying internal qi guarding them. There was no way to resist at all.

“It’s your turn.”

Yi Han, who was in the crowd, stared at the people beside him. Immediately, a few Human Race Watch cultivators walked toward Qin Yu.

“Wait a minute. This person has once killed someone from the Path of Heaven Academy. He is extremely suspicious. Thus, we can’t use conventional methods. ”

Yi Han suddenly stretched out his hand and stopped the black-robed man’s actions.

“For such a fierce person, we should use the True Spirit Gu to interrogate him and get all his secrets out. We might gain a lot.”

Hearing the True Spirit Gu, the surrounding people’s expressions became unnatural as if they had heard something terrifying.

Even Qin Yu had never heard of it before, he could tell from the expression of the people that it was not something good.

“Qin Yu, if you confess now, we might not need to use the True Spirit Gu. Once this thing enters your body, you will suffer the serious torture in divine your soul if you lie.”

Yi Han spoke again.

Hong Luan and Lord Tang frowned slightly as if they were unhappy.

“Retreat! True Spirit Gu is extremely rare. How can you use it as you please?” Lord Tang frowned.

One had to know that each True Spirit Gu had to use 999 different powerful Gu worms to kill each other. They had to be thrown into the Gu pot according to the specified type number to let them devour each other.

Moreover, it needed the corresponding Gu worm to devour another Gu worm before it was considered successful.

There was a possibility that tens of thousands of attempts might not be able to nurture a True Spirit Gu because there were too many unexpected situations in this cultivation process.

After fusing their respective toxins then only they could finally nurture a True Spirit Gu.

The Gu worm was very sensitive to soul power fluctuations and could detect weak fluctuations in the divine soul.

Once there was an abnormal fluctuation during the interrogation process, this Gu worm would wantonly gnaw on the divine soul.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Moreover, the Gu worm would secrete a kind of poison during the biting process.

It could increase the senses of the divine soul by a thousand times, which was why even Dao Realm top-notch martial artists couldn’t withstand this pain.

There was once a Dao Realm level 18 top-notch martial artist who was extremely close to the Holy Consciousness Realm.

However, his Dao partner betrayed him and caused him to suffer from the Gu worm. It had caused his divine soul to collapse from the pain. One could imagine how domineering this True Spirit Gu was.

“It’s fine. There are many strange things about this kid. He rushed straight into the Endless Mine on the Ladder of Chaos not long ago. I’m afraid his secret is not as simple as he seems..”