Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2721: Schizophrenia

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi- Bo Studio

“Get out!”

A cold voice rang out.

Qin Yu had already returned to reality and hid in his room.

The area within ten thousand meters of the direction where Meng Jing had attacked had been reduced to nothingness.

If he remembered correctly, that was a continuous mountain range.

This place was the Dao Mystical Saint Kingdom. Even if every grain of sand had been baptized by Saint Power for many years. It was abnormally sturdy.

Even if Qin Yu attacked with all his strength, perhaps being able to flatten a small mountain was already his limit.

“Come in if you can!”

Seeing this terrifying magical force, how could Qin Yu still dare to go out?

He hid on the bed, not daring to show his butt.

Qin Yu could tell that some power in this house might be affecting Meng Jing. Therefore, the cute Meng Jing here was different from the Asura outside. “You still owe me a life. Yet you wanted my life just now!”

Qin Yu thought of his life-and-death situation just now and immediately cursed.

“I have already returned the life I owe you.”

The voice was still cold and emotionless.

“I’m not going out anyway. I’ll stay here for the rest of my life.”

What a joke! Qin Yi didn’t dare to go out and seek death in the face of such a non-biological power.

At the very least, he would not step out of this house until the Night Qi was restored.

Seeing that the figure outside the room no longer replied, Qin Yu was slightly relieved.

His guess was right. As long as Meng Jing entered the vicinity of this house, she would turn into that cute girl.

At this moment, Qin Yu cast his gaze onto the ring on his finger.

After using this ring a few times in a row, Qin Yu became more and more familiar with it.

Furthermore, he was certain that this ring was closely related to the Dao of Dreams.

That passageway should be connected to the final space of the Nineteenth Prison.

Qin Yu had accidentally touched the threshold of the Dao of Dream when he was summoning the Nineteenth Prison.

It was the Night Qi. This internal qi could reverse reality and dreams.

It could transfer the damage into the dream, but using the Night Qi continuously would have a serious consequence.

One would not be able to differentiate between dream and reality. Elder Xin Yue also suffered from the same side effect when he used Zhuang Zhou’s Dream Butterfly. He had to go into seclusion for a long time before he could clear the side ettect.

However, this ring of the Nineteenth Prison was like a coordinate.

It could allow Qin Yu to distinguish between reality and dreams.

His ability to transfer damage had increased greatly after he had used the Night Qi to activate the ring. Previously, his Night Qi could not resolve the power of the Eight Trigrams Kun Peng.

If not for the power of this ring, he would have died under the power of Kun Peng’s attack.

Thus, Qin Yu determined that this ring was related to the Dao of Dreams.

Moreover, Qin Yu discovered another thing after entering the passageway.

That was, a portion of the power of the Eight Trigrams Kun Peng was transferred into that passageway!

Qin Yu’s heart skipped a beat thinking of that terrifying power.

If he could make use of that energy, his strength would increase by another level.

He had a lot of potential enemies now. He estimated that he would be on the wanted list for the three major forces.

Moreover, there was the Ancient Demon, Wu Tian, and the Buddha of the Nineteenth Prison.

As someone who also cultivated the Dao of Dreams, his storage ring falling into Qin Yu’s hands set a strong enemy for him.

It was obvious that this person would not let this matter rest.

The more Qin Yu thought about it, the more he felt a headache. He quickly sat cross-legged on the bed to check his body’s internal qi.

At this moment, there was indeed no trace of Night Qi in his body.

Qin Yu began to concentrate on his cultivation. The holy energy near the house was extremely dense.

He guided the holy energy into his body. Soon, his body was filled with the energy.

After cultivating for three days and nights, every muscle on Qin Yu’s body emitted a silver luster.

However, the Night Qi still did not appear.

Qin Yu frowned and thought. He remembered the moment he had absorbed the Saint Energy Pearl in the Endless Mine.

It also gave birth to a trace of Night Qi, which was why he directly turned hostile at that time.

Could it be that he needed a higher level of energy to derive the Night Qi?

He did not have any research on the Dao of Dreams. This power was also a brand-new attribute. At this moment, Qin Yu could only rely on his analysis.

“Saint Power! Come!”

Qin Yu completely released the limitations of his body. The Milky Way Holy Body itself was a huge black hole.

Qin Yu had an unusual desire for Saint Power, so he absorbed holy energy into his body without holding back.

Violent energy kept colliding in Qin Yu’s body. The originally gentle Saint Power began to boil.

The surface of Qin Yu’s body squirmed slightly and a small explosion sounded from within his body.

It was not enough!

Then, Qin Yu frowned slightly and continued absorbing holy energy.

The holy energy Qi in his body kept colliding with each other. Finally, a trace of energy compressed to the extreme was derived.

As soon as the energy appeared, it suddenly disappeared into thin air.

Following this, a strand of Night Qi that was as thin as a strand of hair slowly emerged from Qin Yu’s body.

Just this little bit?

Qin Yu’s scalp felt like it was about to explode. He had cultivated for nearly three days.

Such a hair-sized strand of Night Qi could not even activate the ring on his finger.

Saint Power!

Qin Yu felt a headache coming on. This speed was still under the condition that he had the Milky Way Holy Body.

However, it was still too slow. If this continued, it would probably take nearly a month.

Only then he could accumulate enough Night Qi to enter his soul ring.

All of a sudden, a fist-sized stone appeared in front of Qin Yu and fell to the ground.

What a dense Saint Energy Pearl! This was the same Saint Crystal as the small pearl that Sir Dagger had given him!

However, this Saint Crystal was hundreds of times more than what Sir Dagger had given him!

Qin Yu’s heart began to beat rapidly. He gently touched the stone with his hand.

The violent Saint Power inside instantly burned his palm into a bloody mess. It was indeed the power!

The Saint Power was relatively mild. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Since it could cause his Milky Way Holy Body to suffer such an exaggerated injury just by touching it, the degree of Saint Power condensation was probably even higher than the one Sir Dagger had given him.

“Is this given by the girl?”

Qin Yu looked at the window like a thief.

“This is what I got from looking at the Starry Sandworm. Hurry up, finish your cultivation, and scram.”

The voice was still as cold as ice.

Qin Yu’s body trembled violently. Could it be that this d*mn girl had been staring at him for so many days?

Qin Yu did not dare to imagine what kind of terrifying treatment he would suffer once he walked out of this house.

He quickly placed his hand on the Saint Crystal so that his body could absorb the energy within.

As soon as the condensed energy entered his body, it turned into wisps of Night Qi..