Chapter 2722 - 2722: Destructive Cultivation

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Qin Yu gasped. He had cultivated for nearly three days and three nights before he could condense a trace of power.

But now, Qin Yu could produce an equal amount of Night Qi with just a mouthful of Saint Crystal’s energy.

Qin Yu’s eyes were filled with ecstasy when he thought about the density of the Saint Power condensed in the stone.

This should be the most condensed energy in the body of the Starry Sandworm. Qin Yu carefully rubbed the Saint Crystal in his hand.

This feeling was similar to when he faced the body of the Starry Sandworm. It must have evolved its body by constantly devouring. Its body was made up of countless Saint Crystals.

This piece should be the one with the most condensed energy.

When Qin Yu used his divine soul to probe Saint Crystal, he was surprised to find that there were thousands of Spirit Sealing Formations arranged at different levels within this small piece of Saint Crystal.

One had to know that even the most outstanding Formation Master could not set up a Spirit Sealing Formation in such a small space. “Could this be the innate ability of the Starry Sandworm?”

Qin Yu was a little shocked, but he thought it made sense.

The Starry Sandworm could devour the Saint Power of an entire Saint Kingdom. If it didn’t have any special methods, its body wouldn’t be able to withstand it.

The more the Saint Power was compressed, the more violent it became.

It was probably even more terrifying than the attack of Eight Trigrams’ Kun

Peng. The Spirit Sealing Formation was the key to controlling the holy energy.

“What a huge world! Even a sandworm has such mysterious power.”

Qin Yu was somewhat shocked.

If he could study this power, it would mean that he could compress holy energy infinitely and he could directly burst out holy energy in battle.

This method was simple and brutal. Almost no one could resist it.

Qin Yu threw away all the miscellaneous thoughts and focused on absorbing holy energy again.

Very soon, the Night Qi had already reached Qin Yu’s limit. This internal qi was faintly discernible in Qin Yu’s body.

Sometimes it circulated in his body while sometimes it gathered into a fist-sized ball.

He seemed to have reached his limit and could no longer derive the Night Qi.

Looking at the fist-sized Night Qi, Qin Yu put down his hand on the Saint Crystal.

However, this ball of energy is enough for him to travel ten times.

A Dream Qi surged out of Qin Yu’s body and entered the ring on his hand.

Then, his body was sucked into the familiar passage and he slowly walked forward.

There were many vortex-like mirrors on the passageway. These mirrors contained many people’s memories.

This included Qin Yu. In other words, his memories would be left behind in this passageway once he entered.

Qin Yu felt a little uneasy. There were too many mirrors, so many that even his divine sense couldn’t count them.

Perhaps he could dig out many secrets from these memories.

However, he could not withstand it for too long here with his current strength.

His target was the power of Kun Peng of the Eight Trigrams that he had surrounded.

This was the power that almost killed him. He had to make good use of it.

At this moment, the power of Kun Peng was in liquid form in his body. Qin Yu gently raised his hand and pointed.

The power did not explode as if the aura of the passage suppressed it.

Qin Yu gently fiddled with an extremely tiny trace of power. Then, his body blurred. This trace of power of Kun Peng also returned to reality with him.

That power was like the most fatal virus, drilling into Qin Yu’s pores in an instant.

Then, it instantly swept through Qin Yu’s entire body. Moreover, all of his life force was destroyed from the foundation wherever it passed by.

Even if it was a trace of power, it was not what the current Qin Yu could resist.

Night Qi!

This time, Qin Yu didn’t use the ring. The Night Qi could directly transfer the damage.

After all, this attack was much weaker than the previous full-powered attack. Qin Yu had returned once again. His body’s internal qi was extremely weak

now.

Blood kept flowing out of his body. When he felt this power again, he was still extremely shocked.

This little bit of power was enough to render him defenseless.

Qin Yu took a deep breath and absorbed the holy energy again to recover.

With the support of the thick holy energy and less serious injuries than last time, he recovered completely in nearly a day and a night.

What surprised him was that his physical strength had increased by another 50%.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

He felt a burst of ecstasy. One had to know that this was a significant improvement.

From the first time he encountered the power of the Eight Trigrams to the moment he took the initiative to try it out.

These two times of destruction and rebirth had already increased his physical strength by more than 15%.

After Qin Yu recovered, he once again entered the passageway without hesitation.

He returned to the previous operation and continued to temper his body. Anyway, there was a crazy woman outside the house and he couldn’t get out.

“What a lunatic!”

The woman outside the room could not help but say when she saw this.

The pain was equivalent to crushing every part of his body.

No matter how powerful a person was, one would probably not be able to endure such pain continuously.

However, Qin Yu had been cultivating crazily. In nearly three months, the strength of his Milky Way Holy Body was almost three times that of before!

The current Qin Yu could resist the power of Kun Peng for nearly two seconds before his body was destroyed.

He entered the passage again and looked at the power of Kun Peng which had not shrunk.

He could not help but shiver. This kind of life-and-death shuttling was not something a person could withstand.

Even Qin Yu could not help but shiver at this moment.

It was as if someone was pulled out from on the verge of death, and then fell into endless despair again.

If he hadn’t comprehended the Dao of Dreams and obtained the Nineteenth Prison’s coordinates ring, he wouldn’t have been able to cultivate this way.

“Again!”

Qin Yu took a deep breath. This time, he appeared in the room with two strands of power.

It was another life-and -death cycle.

He also felt exhausted. This was the negative energy accumulated from every life-and-death situation.

This was not something that Saint Power could repair. It could only be slowly restored after some time.

After four consecutive months of cultivation, he had experienced more than ten life-and-death situations.

When Qin Yu’s divine soul relaxed, he could no longer control the overwhelming exhaustion.

He immediately fell into a deep sleep. He slept for nearly five days before waking up.

When he got up, he saw a beautiful face that was as cold as ice.

Oh no! The girl had used some tricks to get him out when he was asleep!