Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2726 Working to the Bone

"Money is a hard currency here. You can even buy life with enough money, let alone information. Do you understand, kid?"

Ju Feng grinned, revealing two rows of yellow teeth.

He also had a shining tooth, which seemed to be a fake tooth made of second-grade crystal ore.

"Hurry up! Do you want to enter the city?"

Ju Feng suddenly stopped smiling and said coldly to Qin Yu and the others.

A powerful internal qi flashed from his body. the powerful Saint Power internal qi was at Dao Realm level 7.

This strength was close to Hong Luan and Yi Yun's in the Endless Mine.

The people following behind were shocked. There were a total of six people who came with Ju Feng, including Qin Yu.

"Haha, Yellow-tooth, you better get this straight. I'm earning money, not a beggar. I'll have a good fight with you if you have such an attitude."

A burly man the size of a small mountain revealed a sinister smile. He clenched his fists and walked toward Ju Feng.

"Haha! Interesting. This guy is a body cultivator. Even though he is only Dao Realm level 6, it is enough to make this Yellow-tooth guy suffer."

A tall and thin woman sneered.

The others were also watching the show tacitly. Many of them had come cheated by Yellow-tooth, so this was the perfect time to test his strength.

"Are you sure? Isn't it good to earn an entrance fee from me? Why must you die?"Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Yellow-tooth revealed a strange smile.

"Yes, I want to die. Hurry up and send me off."

The burly man's head twisted. The tattoo on his neck looked very ferocious.

He didn't move but stomped his feet on the ground.

The ground gave off a heavy rumble and the area near his feet sank a few meters.

His body exploded like a cannonball in front of Ju Feng. This aura shocked the few people watching.

Even though his holy energy was only at Dao Realm level 6, the power he released was extremely close to peak level seven.

"What a terrifying physical strength! Yellow-tooth is going to suffer."

The tall and thin woman sneered.

Qin Yu's eyes flashed. He could now capture the movements of the two in slow motion.

However, Yellow-tooth still looked indifferent. The burly man was about to hit him.

His body suddenly froze before Ju Feng pierced through his chest.

A fresh heart was in his palm. He put the corpse into his space ring.

"Dao Realm level 7 corpse can be sold for a good price."

Ju Feng grinned at Qin Yu and the others.

"Lingxu City is a place with high trustworthiness. Since we've agreed, the price cannot be changed. Otherwise, the price will be your life. Can we set off now?"

He smiled in satisfaction seeing that no one refuted him. He continued to lead the way.

This time, the speed of the other four people was much faster. The thin and tall woman looked frightened and did not speak anymore.


"That's strange. It seems like the burly man tried to get close to Yellow-tooth and his body suddenly suffered heavy injuries. That was why he was easily killed. That power suddenly appeared. Even my Nine Heavens Manifestations Gaze couldn't capture where it came from."

Qin Yu frowned slightly. This area near Lingxu City was not that simple.

"Yellow-tooth, what's in the vicinity of this Lingxu City? Where are you bringing us to?"

Qin Yu asked.

"Don't call me Yellow-tooth. My name is Ju Feng! It means the mountain peak!"

Yellow-tooth said with some dissatisfaction.

"Alright, Yellow-tooth."

"You don't even know where this place is and just came in. What a joke!"

Yellow-tooth sneered, but he still answered him.

"This is a city of death. There are countless Lingxu tombs around here. At the right time and place, different Lingxu tombs will appear. This is a group of tombs."

"Even the large-scale tombs should have been excavated after such a long time, right?"

The tall and thin woman asked.

"Haha! Do you think this is a common tomb? There are more than ten thousand tombs recorded here. There's even a tomb left behind by a Holy Consciousness top-notch martial artist that made tens of thousands of people enter and disappear without a trace, never to appear again."

Yellow-tooth laughed coldly.

The few of them could not help but suck in a breath of cold air. The tomb represented a vast expanse of things.

The most important point was the inheritance. There were more than ten thousand of them in the records.

This was the first time Qin Yu had heard of such a situation. One had to know that it was rare to encounter a land of inheritance in the next generation.

There were so many graves gathered here. Could there be some special situation here?

For some reason, Qin Yu felt a faint uneasiness in his heart.

There was only one explanation for such a dense collection of graves. These graves did not originally belong here but were attracted by another force. Otherwise, there was no way to explain this situation.

The power could attract so many graves, that even Meng Jing might not be able to resist it. This was almost a miracle.

"Don't tell me you want us to die!"

Suddenly, another young man shouted in horror.

"Haha! Don't worry. I know my limits. Our target is a tomb with weak internal qi. I guess someone at the Dao Realm left it behind. However, it's still somewhat dangerous."

Yellow-tooth grinned.

"I won't do it. We won't work to our bone for ten ores! If you do this, I won't hesitate to fight you to the death." The young man roared.

"If you don't want to do it, then get lost. You should know that the guy just now was the one who wanted to kill me. I didn't make the first move."

Yellow-tooth sneered.

"Can I leave?"

The young man stared at Ju Feng warily. "Anytime, as long as you don't regret it."

After he finished speaking, the other three people were immediately moved.

The young man immediately turned around and left when he heard that. However, to Qin Yu's surprise, the other three people chose to stay.

It seemed that they had also discovered some clues. Ever since Qin Yu entered this place to observe, he had made a vague judgment.

"How long have you found this tomb? Do you have any conclusions?"

Qin Yu suddenly asked.

"Did you notice?"

Yellow-tooth revealed a surprised expression.

"We discovered this place by chance. It has been about three months. Of course, we have figured out some of the rules here. You'll be fine. It's just that there have been a lot of tombs erupting here recently. We can't attract the others' attention. After all, there are still many people paying attention to us."

Three months? Qin Yu frowned slightly.

In other words, the duration of the explosion in this tomb was also related to the Heart of Saint Kingdom's power loss.