Chapter 2728 Seizing the Legacy

The man with the vicious eyes did not understand. However, when he saw Yellow-tooth look at him, his expression could not help but change.

"Go down. It's your turn."

Yellow-tooth looked at the other person.

The man narrowed his eyes and stared at Yellow-tooth as if he was thinking about something.

"Are you going to attack me?"

Yellow-tooth sneered.

Ha!

The man turned around and entered the cave.

The cave suddenly shook violently, but the fluctuation immediately calmed down in an instant.

Qin Yu gasped. This man had been hiding his internal qi all along.

He was almost Dao Realm level 9 but he only resisted for a while down there before dying.

It seemed like the rules of the tomb couldn't be crossed. Even a Dao Realm level 9 cultivator couldn't resist.

He had sensed the restricted power of the tomb but he didn't expect that even someone at Dao Realm level 9 couldn't resist.

He was only one step away from cultivating the power of the peak. Even the strongest Lord Tang was only at the same level.

"It's your turn, kid. Are you going in by yourself or should I send you in?"

A person behind Yellow-tooth walked towards Qin Yu with a sinister smile.

Ling Bo!

Qin Yu tapped his foot and his internal qi rose to the Dao Realm Wu Ji.

In an instant, his palm grabbed the neck of the person who spoke. He struggled violently.

His body exploded with all his strength and kicked Qin Yu's neck.

"Old Qi!"

The other person also suddenly erupted with his level 5 power. He held a fiery red knife in both hands.

It was a heavy blade.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

He was confident he could even cut the holy energy ore off directly. However, the crisp sound made his ferocious expression freeze.

The power of level 5 in addition to this heavy saber could not even break Qin Yu's skin.

Qin Yu broke the neck of the person in front of him and threw him into the cave while he was still breathing.

Then, he pierced through the chest of the person holding the saber behind him and kicked him into the cave.

"You've seen through it!"

Seeing Qin Yu throw the two people into the cave, Yellow-tooth revealed a panicked expression.

He fled at his fastest speed. The sudden change also made Qin Yu unable to react in time.

After hesitating for a moment, Qin Yu ignored Yellow-tooth.

This was just a small character to him. He could not even be bothered to pay attention to him.

"Who the f*ck is this person? How could he know the order of this tomb? The power of the five bloodlines can allow people to enter for two hours, and the power outside the tomb cannot exceed level 5. Could it be that this person had already cultivated the power of the peak? His internal qi doesn't seem to be that strong!"

Yellow-tooth was shocked. The power he released was also Dao Realm level 9 and was even stronger than the man who entered the cave. However, he ran away without hesitation. The inheritance of these tombs couldn't be investigated.

People who had cultivated the power of a peak level 15 were here before, but they also could not pry into the inheritance order.

If one wanted to find out the inheritance rules, one could only use people to try continuously.

Yellow-tooth had discovered this place the moment it appeared. There had been a total of four groups of people who had probed it before he figured out the order of the tomb. However, he did not expect to recruit a big shot in the end.

However, it was already amazing that he could escape from a monster who could see through the order.

Yellow-tooth was still in shock.

At this moment, Qin Yu had already landed at the bottom of the cave. He came down to verify one thing.

Ever since he stepped into the vicinity of Lingxu City, he had a strange sense of danger.

It was as if his body was on guard.

This feeling seemed to be getting stronger when he entered the tomb. He wanted to figure out the reason.

Moreover, he had discovered that the energy here was not strong. It should not pose much of a threat to him.

This was a tomb filled with evil energy.

Corpses were hanging everywhere in a passageway, including the five people who had just entered.

At this moment, a wave of energy floating in the passage isolated a trace of green energy.

It seemed to be an intense poisonous fog.

This power was derived to protect this passageway after the five people were sacrificed.bender

It was indeed a demonic cultivator's inheritance. It seemed to be borrowing the inheritance to continuously obtain blood qi.

He reckoned that the things left behind here would not be anything good. They might even take the lives of those who entered.

Qin Yu carefully observed the surroundings.

Qin Yu's Nine Heavens Manifestations Gaze saw a jade baby in the air. There was a red rope on the baby's body.

The red rope wrapped around the baby's body to form a red robe that looked very fierce.

The baby's face seemed to be giving a strange smile no matter where one looked from.

"What terrifying power! This red string represents the power of a level 5. If one exceeds this limit, one will be attacked."

Qin Yu felt the power in the jade pendant.

Somehow he realized that the power was emitting a fatal internal qi. It was a power that even level 9 cultivators could not resist.

It was weird. From the internal qi of this tomb, the owner should be at most a peak Dao Realm expert.

Even if he could set up such a restrictive force, it could not have such terrifying destructive power.

One's strength was different when one died. Moreover, the tomb's restrictive power should weaken after a long time.

Qin Yu carefully sensed the power of the red rope. He seemed to have pierced through the void at a certain location.

He fused with the order between heaven and earth and continuously absorbed energy to attack the jade statue.

Once the jade statue sensed a power above level 5, it would become a killing weapon. Sensing the terrifying power in the jade statue baby, Qin Yu felt that he was not confident in resisting this power.

What kind of secret was hidden here that attracted so many tombs?

Moreover, Qin Yu was also somewhat curious about the power that could raise the power of restriction to such a terrifying level.

He had cultivated the Dao of Dreams. Even if the jade statue exploded, it shouldn't be able to threaten him. Whoosh!

Qin Yu took his Tiger Wing and slashed out with a saber light.

In an instant, the corpse hanging in the passage fell. Qin Yu's finger flicked out the holy light divine flame.

He burned the corpses on the ground to ashes. As he moved forward, he cut down all the sacrificial corpses. The surroundings immediately emitted shrieks and howls.