Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2732 Dao Xuan's Friend

"Old man, can you tell me who are you?"

Qin Yu forcefully suppressed the waves in his heart and asked.

"I'm Dao Xuan's good friend. I didn't expect the lower realm in chaos. Even the Saint's world is the same!"

The old Daoist pointed at his heart, where the Seal of Heaven Returning was located.

Qin Yu gasped. He was Saint Chen Shuang's good friend.

Then what was his identity?

"The Tomb of Heavenly Sins shouldn't have appeared here, but I don't know why it has appeared in this Saint Kingdom. If you're the source of this karma, I'm afraid you won't be able to escape this calamity. I've lived here for so long, but this is the first time I've encountered such an interesting thing. I'll break my rule and help you read your fortune today."

"Grandpa, didn't you say that divination would kill people? Why do you want to get it for this brother?"

The little girl beside him asked.

"Cough! It won't affect his fate since he has provoked the power of the Eight Trigrams, the Tomb of Heavenly Sins, and even one of the three ominous precepts. It doesn't matter if I do this."

The old man seemed a little embarrassed. He ignored Qin Yu, who had an ugly expression.

Qin Yu felt a sharp pain in his chest as he clenched his fists.

A bloody hole appeared in his chest, and a smear of bright red heart blood appeared on his fingertip.

He placed his finger on his forehead and a red line of blood appeared on it.

Ethereal Enlightenment!

The old Daoist suddenly grabbed the back of Qin Yu's head and pressed his forehead against Qin Yu's.

At this moment, Qin Yu's pupils had become as turbid as the old Daoist.

He saw his blank expression.

Or rather, his eyes seemed to have become the eyes of the old Daoist.

Another enormous energy seemed to have squeezed into his divine soul, making him unable to move.L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Thousands of generations in the past and the future. They are in the palm of your hand, for you to consider."

He saw countless images flashed across.

In just an instant, Qin Yu felt that his divine soul had received an incomparably huge amount of information.

The amount of information he received even gave him a headache.

Drops of rain fell on Qin Yu's head one after another.

When Qin Yu came back to his senses, the old man and the child had long disappeared.

A drop of cold sweat fell from Qin Yu's temple. What was that thing?

Was that what would happen in the future? Or was it an illusion?

At this moment, Qin Yu had yet to regain his senses.

The sudden appearance of this old man made him feel a little uncertain.

"Grandpa, don't you owe Grandpa Chen Shuang a lot of wine? Why are you leaving just like that?"

The little girl seemed to be dissatisfied with her grandfather's behavior.

"I've let him see some changes. If I make a move, I'm afraid he can't escape. The Ethereal Enlightenment was already the limit of what I could do. Whether he could survive or not could only depend on his luck. Let's leave this place quickly. I feel like something has noticed me."

The old man shuddered. He pulled the little girl with one hand and they disappeared from Lingxu City.

Qin Yu found a place to rest in Lingxu City. A random room here actually cost 100 ores.

Fortunately, Qin Yu had collected a pile of space rings. There were quite many ores within them.

"Little brother, Lingxu City seems to be in chaos again. You'd better don't run around for the time being."

The young man kindly reminded him.

"What made you say that?"

Qin Yu smiled.

"The strange phenomenon that appeared today can be seen in the city. This should be the largest tomb that appeared in Lingxu City in the past thousand years. It must have brought about dangerous battles behind it. This is already a norm in Lingxu City, so how could I not know?"

The young man said with a bitter smile.

"The vicinity of Lingxu City is so chaotic. How's the security in this city? Looks like there aren't any other guards besides the people guarding the city to collect money."

Qin Yu asked.

"I'm not sure either. According to what I've seen here for so many years, no one seems to have caused trouble here. I don't know why either."

Qin Yu frowned slightly.

It could only be said that there must be some kind of foundation in this city that could intimidate everyone.

However, the young man in front of him might not know some in-depth things.

"If I want to get more information, where should I go?"

Qin Yu asked with a smile.

"Of course the trading center in the city. Almost all the experts who come to Lingxu City gather there. Not only do they have information about all kinds of tombs, but there are even some bounty missions. If you want to form a team, you can also do it there. However, remember to hide your finances so that no one will target you. It's different outside the city and inside the city!"

The young man reminded him.

"Thank you very much."

Qin Yu flicked a piece of crystal ore over. This was a second-grade ore, and it was equivalent to about 100 pieces of ordinary ore.

"Thank you, big brother!"

The young man's face was filled with ecstasy. He repeatedly bowed to signal.

"Leave me alone. Don't let anyone disturb me."

Qin Yu said softly.

"No problem. No one will cause trouble here!"

The young man quickly said.

There was only a bed, a mat, and a pair of keys in the room.

There were some simple food, water, and fruits beside the mat.

Absorbing holy energy was enough for cultivators at this level to abstain from eating.

However, there were still many people who retained their eating habits.

Qin Yu sat on the mat. He took a deep breath and revealed a solemn expression.

He recalled the old Daoist today. His strength had far exceeded the realm he could understand.

His power was even far beyond that of Meng Jing's. He didn't even seem to have any secrets in the face of the old Daoist.

Especially when the old Daoist displayed his Ethereal Enlightenment at the end. It made Qin Yu's hair stand on end.

The old Daoist seemed to be avoiding some forces' spies before entering Qin Yu's body to display the Eye of Ethereal Enlightment.

Qin Yu saw a kind of future. It was a disaster in this region!

He would die every time! This made Qin Yu feel extremely uneasy.

Those images were very blurry. There were only faint flashes of scenes, but Qin Yu was sure that this was the place.

"A certain power in your body will cause a disaster."

These are the three calamities you face here.

The things on him? Soul Suppression Ring? Or was it the power of the Eight Trigrams, or something else?

Qin Yu did not quite understand. Was this old Daoist deliberately mystifying things?

Qin Yu felt extremely uneasy. This kind of feeling was like a person directly predicting your future disaster. This would make people feel very uncomfortable.