Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2739: Cultivation of the Dao of Dreams

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Qin Yu did not want to go to the cursed place.

However, he might not be able to escape if it was a place to kill traitors.

At that time, the Guardian was his father.

Moreover, his divine soul had returned from the Land of Gods and Devils. His body seemed to have long been immersed in the internal qi of that battle, so he could not escape the karma.

Qin Yu closed his eyes and threw the distracting thoughts away.

The Night Qi in his body was exhausted, so he had to replenish it as soon as possible.

His greatest strength now was the Dao of Dreams.

The power he had cultivated had saved him many times.

Thinking of this, Qin Yu’s heart couldn’t help but twitch as the fist-sized Saint Crystals were sucked dry by Sir Dagger.

It was probably not that easy for him to cultivate the Night Qi now.

The cultivation method he knew now was to absorb extremely high-level holy energy.

For example, the Saint Crystal with low-level holy energy that Meng Jing had given him had limited effect on replenishing the Night Qi.

Qin Yu began to search through the space rings he had picked up in the land of myriad tombs. After a round of inspection, he found some third-grade ore, a total of nearly six hundred pieces. There were also twelve pieces of fourth-grade Saint Crystal ores.

Qin Yu sat cross-legged on the ground and absorbed the holy energy in the ore into his body.

It was not until he had absorbed all the holy energy that his body produced a trace of Night Qi.

No way! Almost all his ore could only cultivate a little bit of Night Qi. If he wanted to replenish the Dream Qi, it would not be enough even if he sold himself.

Qin Yu was dumbfounded.

Qin Yu controlled that wisp of Night Qi and channeled it into his meridians to circulate.

After circulating it dozens of times, it still did not show any signs of strengthening.

The Night Qi was different from the holy energy. It was like a lively child that was active all over Qin Yu’s body.

As long as Qin Yu didn’t control it, it would run around in his body.

Sometimes it appeared in Qin Yu’s dantian, while sometimes it appeared in his head.

It seemed that the cultivation of Saint Power was ineffective against the Night

Qin Yu frowned slightly and touched the Soul Suppressing Ring.

A wisp of Night Qi entered it. His body instantly appeared on the passageway.

The passage on both sides was pitch-black, just like the night sky.

Countless specks of starlight appeared on it.

Qin Yu stared at one of the faint spots of light. The spot of light in front of his eyes kept expanding.

In the end, he appeared in a black-and-white world.

At this moment, Qin Yu’s view was very low. ‘He’ saw a rotten griffin. A sense of ecstasy burst out in his heart, and he rushed over to devour the rotten meat.

After that, ‘I’ contentedly found a safe place to rest.

When he was hungry, he started to go out again.

Qin Yu started to get anxious after repeating the cycle an unknown number of limes.

He wanted to return to the passage, but he could not jump back from his master’s perspective no matter how he tried.

Boom!

Qin Yu did not know how much time had passed.

Suddenly, his head fell to the ground. He could even see his blood spurting out.

In the next moment, he returned to the passageway.

At this moment, Qin Yu was sweating profusely as he returned to reality.

His face was pale. He had been that lizard all this time.

Qin Yu could only return to the passageway after it died.

Even so, he had just experienced nearly three years.

Qin Yu’s body trembled slightly.

If that was a powerful Demonic Beast, he might not be able to come out now.

He would have to wait until the moment it died before he could escape.

No matter what methods he tried, he had completely become that lizard in the past three years.

He could not use any power, so he could only look at the lizard from a third-person perspective.

Qin Yu heaved a sigh of relief. He suddenly roared.

When he checked his body, he realized that his Night Qi had completely recovered.

The fist-sized Night Qi even had a few more strands than before!

No matter how many high-grade Saint Crystals Qin Yu absorbed, he was unable to expand the amount of Night Qi.

Could it be that the cultivation of the Dao of Dreams was in the dream?

He had to enter different dreams to strengthen the Night Qi.

However, this kind of cultivation was too tiring. The scene in front of him was still the same as before. This meant that he had returned in an instant.

Anyway, he had been through three years.

Wouldn’t he never be able to come out if he met someone who didn’t die?

Qin Yu’s thumb touched the Soul Suppression Ring and he entered the passageway again.

This time, he carefully observed these light spots. These lights were bright and dim.

Moreover, the similar light spots were different in size after he zoomed them in.

Some were even millions of times different.

Could it be that the size and brightness of these light spots were related to the length or strength of the dream?

Qin Yu recalled the lizard’s dream light spot from before. It was indeed relatively dim.

Qin Yu slowly walked forward. It seemed that the closer he got to the Nineteenth Prison, the brighter the light spot became.

The light spots near the origin were the weakest. He found another light spot that was even dimmer than before. He hesitated whether to enter it.

Forget it!

Recalling the three years of experience just now, Qin Yu could not help but shiver.

He gave up on this risky move. If he guessed wrong, the consequences would be unimaginable.

The cultivation of the Dao of Dreams was extremely strange, and there was no way to learn from it. One wrong step could destroy the world.

At this moment, green energy floated above Qin Yu in liquid form.

This was the power of the Eight Trigrams Kun Peng from before. Qin Yu placed his hand under this power.

In the next moment, he had already returned to the reality. A wave of power instantly exploded from his body.

It was as if a bomb had exploded.

Night Qi!

Almost at the same time, the Night Qi in his body completely covered this power.

In an instant, the Eight Trigrams Kun Peng’s power seemed to have met its nemesis. That destructive power emitted a fawning emotion at this moment.

He had used up all the power of God’s Space that the dream had given him.

If he wanted to continue training his body, Qin Yu had to make use of this power.

This kind of destructive cultivation was also the fastest way to improve so far.

The trading market opened once every seven days. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

He should make good use of these seven days. Qin Yu pressed his chest.

He suddenly unsealed the Night Qi. His bones made a loud sound instantly.

His body also turned into a puddle of mud. All his bones turned into dust in the blink of an eye..