Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2745: The Hell Nightmare

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

“One last time!”

Qin Yu gritted his teeth and chose an even dimmer starlight.

The world in front of him expanded again and he entered this person’s dream again.

This time, he was traveling through an ordinary farmer.

He lived a monotonous life in the small village day after day.

Other than the occasional practice of martial arts, he lived a monotonous life as a farmer.

A man plowed and a woman weaved, living with two children.

His wife was gentle and kind. The child seemed to have endless energy.

Although it was monotonous, it was filled with warmth.

This kind of life continued and it was still the same until the tenth year.

Qin Yu was a little anxious at this moment. He suddenly felt a little terrified.

He realized that his guess seemed to be wrong. The dim stars did not represent the length of the dream.

It was more likely that it represented the strength of the host. For example, the man now was much weaker than the lizard in his first dream. Qin Yu had been here for nearly ten years, and the dream still showed no signs of stopping.

Although the man was not a cultivator, he was a low-level martial artist.

If nothing unexpected happened, it would not be a problem for him to live for three to four hundred years.

This was equivalent to Qin Yu being trapped here for a long time.

Qin Yu’s thumb suddenly rested on the Soul Suppression Ring. At this moment, he could still feel the cold touch of the ring.

However, he still showed no signs of returning no matter how hard he tried. It was over. Did he have to wait for the man to die of old age before he could leave?

Qin Yu felt an indescribable panic at this moment. He could not cultivate or meditate here.

He could only silently watch this person’s life. If he had to stay here for such a long time, it would be difficult for him to accept it.

In the next 50 years, Qin Yu tried countless methods.

He was unable to leave. However, he made some discoveries.

Even though he couldn’t move, he seemed to be able to change the host’s subconscious.

For example, when the host was choosing between apples and pears.

There was a high chance that the host would eat what Qin Yu wanted. At first, Qin Yu thought that it was just a coincidence.

However, he began to realize this was not a coincidence after trying hundreds of times.

At this moment, he could change the host’s subconscious.

However, this power could not change the host’s thoughts. For example, if the host wanted to eat but was forced not to eat, this influence would most likely lose its effect.

He started to give him the idea of entering the city, then the ambition to become a mercenary and earn a lot of money.

In the end, he encountered a group of powerful bandits during a mission. He died tragically under the butcher’s knife.

Countless vortexes appeared in front of Qin Yu’s eyes again, and he returned to the passageway.

This time, he had been away for nearly sixty years.

It was almost equivalent to an ordinary person’s life. At this moment, Qin Yu’s expression was extremely complicated.

He wondered if he had killed a person in a dream or reality.

Under his influence, he finally died. His kind wife and his married children would be heartbroken if they knew.

Qin Yu sat silently for nearly a day and a night. If it was a demon, perhaps he would not feel so uncomfortable.

However, he was traveling through a living man this time. This situation made him feel even more aggrieved.

Sigh!

Qin Yu suppressed the complicated emotions and checked his body’s situation.

This time, nearly sixty years had also caused the Night Qi in his body to undergo a huge change.

At this moment, the Night Qi in his body had almost doubled.

Could it be that the cultivation of the Night Qi is not only related to entering the dream but also to his attempts in the dream?

Qin Yu was a little puzzled because the growth of the Night Qi this time was beyond his imagination.

After nearly sixty years of experimentation, he could now control the power of the Night Qi more smoothly.

He gently extended his hand and countless black threads swam out of it.

The threads turned into a black shadow and suddenly disappeared.

At this moment, a trace of confusion flashed across the waiter’s eyes. He suddenly felt a sense of disgust towards this world.

He suddenly felt that the knife in front of him could solve his problem.

The next moment, he picked up the dagger in his hand and stabbed it fiercely into his neck.

Ding!

A stream of air bounced off the dagger and sent it flying.

At this moment, the waiter’s eyes flashed with fear. Why did he want to commit suicide just now?

His body was shaking like a sieve. It was a terrifying feeling.

He suddenly felt that there was no point in living although he was still conscious. If the dagger had not been sent flying, he would probably never have been able to stand up again.

“Thank you for saving my life!”

The waiter trembled as he kowtowed on the ground to express his gratitude.

Qin Yu withdrew the black figure. At this moment, he finally understood.

What exactly was this thing? This was the Heavenly Devil that cultivators feared the most.

The power it derived was like a demon that could trigger the weakest point in the deepest part of a person.

Although he was temporarily unable to hit the depths directly, this was the approximate power of this move.

“Your appearance represents the death of the enemy. You shall be called the Hell Nightmare.”

Qin Yu stretched out his hand and pressed it against the black shadow’s palm. It instantly turned into countless threads of Night Qi and entered Qin Yu’s body.

Qin Yu fell into deep thought.

He didn’t need to control it at all, and the waiter almost committed suicide.

In other words, it would be completely autonomous once this move was used.

However, it was still uncertain what effect it would have.

The fear that could be triggered was probably related to the strength of the Night Qi. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Qin Yu secretly guessed that no matter how powerful a person was, it was a fatal matter once one attracted the Heavenly Devil during the tribulation.

Almost 80% of the people fell under this stage.

The power of the Hell Nightmare could be cultivated to the level of the Heavenly Devil that was triggered by the heavenly tribulation.

If that was the case, he was afraid that the enemy he was facing would face a

nightmare now.

After this attempt, it was almost time for the appointment.

He had experienced such a long cultivation time in just three days.

This also made him feel he had returned to the human world. The Dao of Dreams was indeed so terrifying.

Once there was a mistake, it would be irreversible..