Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2747: Sneak Attack

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

However, there were close to 3,000 Formation Masters at the moment. If this affected them, it would probably affect their next plan.

Whoosh!

Cang Yunzi waved his hand. The light from his sleeves flickered like stars.

A thick and heavy Qian Kun force directly smashed onto the body of the intruder.

The intruder team was sent flying after being attacked by this force.

Qin Yu saw that their bodies had already been blasted into several pieces by the surging force. There should be no hope of survival.

Was it Qian Kun in the sleeve?

It seemed that Cang Yunzi had used this move to move them out of the city. He didn’t expect that this move could also be used to attack.

The team just now was not weak, but he killed them instantly.

Nearly 3,000 Formation Masters had started to break the formation on the periphery since the appearance of the three-star Mars.

Dazzling light shuttled through their hands. These Formation Masters continuously unraveled formations in different areas.

However, a new formation would appear again every time one was unlocked.

Although the top 3,000 Formation Masters of the Dao Mystical Saint Kingdom were gathered here, they were also helpless now.

“How’s the situation now, Yun Yi?”

Gu Ying frowned and called out to a Formation Master beside him.

“The master of this place must be a Formation Master. There are countless formation masters in all directions trying to break the formation now. Logically speaking, it should have been broken no matter how powerful the formation is. However, there are endless formations such as the Shifting Stars, the Heavenly Stars, the Nine Palaces, and the Eight Trigrams. These are all fatal formations. I don’t know what kind of power is used to link them up. Once something goes wrong, the power of these formations will completely explode. At that time, it will be out of control.”

Yun Yi’s face was pale.

“However, we’ve already sent out three hundred top Formation Masters to break the formation core. Once we break it, we can enter the formation.”

Dissolving a formation was a huge consumption for a Formation Master.

Every formation would be slightly different. To completely remove it, one would need to restore the original formation.

Only by removing the formation core could the formation be completely removed.

The 3,000 top-notch Formation Masters had already been in the state of breaking the formation for nearly two hours.

At this moment, they were almost at their limits. However, a powerful light kept appearing on the surface of the land of Heavenly Sin. The fog kept emerging from it, almost completely covering all the Formation Masters. “Have you found the formation core in the depths?”

Light flashed in front of their eyes, and lines of formation runes slowly appeared.

These formations combined with sinister lines and then slowly derived.

On the ground, a new killing formation slowly formed in the void.

This formation was not only for defense but also for killing.

Everyone suddenly looked at the side– The endless killing formation.

This was just the beginning, and it was already so terrifying.

Qin Yu’s expression was also somewhat solemn.

However, they would not be able to enter if they did not break the formation on the surface.

Whoosh!

With a dull rumble, the entire land of myriad tombs fell into darkness.

Countless energies exploded from the void and countless killing formations exploded at the same time.

Countless electric snakes suddenly flashed across the sky. A few huge cracks appeared on Qin Yu’s body.

Nearly five deep wounds were deeply embedded in his muscles, almost cutting him into several pieces.

If he had not cultivated his physical body crazily recently, he would have become a few sections.

After the Night Qi surged, the wound slowly disappeared.

Cang Yunzi floated above the 3,000 Formation Masters, covering all of them with his sleeve.

Under this sleeve, there seemed to be a space of its own. Even the killing formations that filled the sky could not invade these Formation Masters.

The entire land of myriad tombs was filled with an intense burning smell. This time, the killing formations that filled the sky erupted.

Who knew how many unprepared people died in an instant?

Qin Yu looked up at the sky. At this moment, the three stars were almost stuck together.

Qin Yu raised his head and looked at the three-star Mars. He felt a sharp pain in his eyes.

The intense beam shot directly towards the land of myriad tombs. He reached out and wiped it, and a trace of blood flowed out.

The red Mars cage covered the entire sky of the Saint Kingdom. At this moment, the sky seemed to be surging with a sea of blood.

At this moment, a figure slowly floated.

In an instant, a qi energy as magnificent as the heavenly sea erupted from his fist.

The sky collapsed, revealing the appearance of the outer realm.

The power of the red Mars was blocked for a moment.

At the same time, a huge force erupted from the east and entered the area again.

“Good! It seems that there are also experts in the east!” The dull Liu Si also cheered.

This attack blocked the power of Mars for a few milliseconds.

This instantly cut off the connection between the formations and the three-star Mars.

The energy required to create such a massive formation was something the entire Saint Kingdom could not supply.

“Now is the time to destroy the linking formation in the depths!” Yun Yi shouted.

Under his guidance, the power of countless Formation Masters gathered together.

It was like an electric snake that advanced at high speed on the ground. In an instant, this power extended into the void.

After that, it shuttled through the fog, followed by a cracking sound.

The mist in front rolled down like a waterfall, revealing a corner of the Tomb of Heavenly Sins that only appeared once every few thousand years.

At this moment, a pitch-black corner of a ten-thousand-foot-tall divine hall was revealed.

The statue in the corner was so cold that even a slight glance could make one feel an extreme chill.

Mottled blood covered most of the walls. A powerful resentment soared into the sky like a tornado.

At this moment, Qin Yu felt a burning pain on the surface of his body.

A blood-red sun had already taken shape and the three stars had merged now.

That intense blood-red energy made him unable to look at it.

“Let’s go. As long as we use our hands to sense the position of that wall, we can enter it. ”

Cang Yunzi’s voice was a little solemn.

Although he had already gathered a lot of information, he could not help but feel a little nervous about entering.

He took the lead and chose one of the spots to enter.

Behind him, Liu Si, Luo Yu, the Dao Protector, and Lord Alester also entered.

When Qin Yu touched the cold wall of the divine hall with one hand, a force quietly attacked from behind.

Chi!

Gu Ying’s hand was already pressed against Qin Yu’s back. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

A huge Heart of Saint Kingdom floated above his head..