Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2753: The Second Level in the Heavenly Sin

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

It was like a whirlpool flowing into a black hole. The next moment, the force bounced back.

A Three-Eyed Dragon Ape suddenly smashed down. It directly smashed Qin Yu’s head with its huge rod.

If it wasn’t for Fatty Situ’s talisman, he would have been severely injured by this strike!

‘Vile beast!”

The saber light in Qin Yu’s hand flashed, directly cutting this giant ape into two.

He changed his position continuously and finally understood what his perception was just now.

The perception he had in the divine hall was stripped away once again.

And this time, the power of perception was almost 80%.

Therefore, he did not react when the Three-Eyed Dragon Ape smashed down with its stuff.

Qin Yu’s body was floating in the air at this moment. His speed was as fast as lightning.

At this moment, he did not dare to slack off. That Three-Eyed Dragon Ape just now was one of the divine beasts.

He had dragon race bloodline and his brute force was enough to kill someone at Dao Realm level 9.

A demonic flame attacked Qin Yu from the corner of his eye. He did not hesitate at all.

“Order of Destruction! Black flame!”

The top ten Order of Destruction of the Saint Kingdom in his sea of consciousness erupted from his hand.

The black flame slashed at the demonic ape in front of him like a tide, cutting the Demonic Flame Ape into two.

Qin Yu only realized that they had very strange bodies, no matter if it was the Three-Eyed Dragon Ape or the current Demonic Flame Ape.

There were countless scars stitched up on their bodies. Their limbs, head, and entire body seemed to be stitched up.

However, the strange thing was that they had powerful qi on their bodies. If it weren’t for these strange wounds, Qin Yu wouldn’t have thought that they were dead.

Qin Yu heaved a sigh of relief and then suddenly continued to switch positions with Ling Bo.

His body also moved forward. A sharp whistle sounded in Qin Yu’s ear.

Almost at the same time, a golden figure had already collided with his body.

It was so fast!

Silver holy energy burst out of Qin Yu’s arms.

A twisted lion head blocked his arm.

The terrifying power directly blasted Qin Yu’s body up nearly a thousand meters.

The skin on his arms was full of cracks. Countless blood vessels slowly seeped through the wounds.

The Emperor Ash Lion!

It was the absolute king among the ash lions. It was the top fighting force in every war.

These were all divine beasts! In just a moment, three divine beasts appeared.

Qin Yu felt a great shock in his heart, but he did not dare to rest.

Vast Qi of Milky Way!

The silver holy energy in his body squeezed into his heart and he unleashed his most powerful physical strength.

After the silver holy energy exploded, it formed a trail that looked like a galaxy.

In an instant, Qin Yu arrived in front of Emperor Ash Lion. The Tiger Wing directly pierced through the Emperor Ash Lion. Then, with a flap of the Tiger Wing, it cut the ash lion into countless pieces.

Qin Yu’s chest heaved up and down slightly. It was a little strenuous for him to attack with his full strength twice in a row.

The fresh blood in his hand slowly flowed onto the Tiger Wing and then dripped onto the ground.

Oh no! His body’s perception had also weakened.

Qin Yu’s expression was horrified. He finally sensed that something was wrong.

After he had clashed with the Emperor Ash Lion, his body felt almost no pain. In other words, the perception of his divine sense and his body had been weakened.

Under such circumstances, the intense battle might cause him to misjudge the situation.

Some of the injuries that could have killed him were mistaken for minor injuries.

Dream Qi slowly spread out from Qin Yu’s body.

He placed his right hand on the Soul Suppression Ring and transferred the injuries on his body into the passageway.

However, Qin Yu felt a terrifying tremor from the Soul Suppressing Passage for a moment.

In the next second, he was sent back to his original place uncontrollably!

At this moment, a bottomless sword scar had appeared on the ground. Could the tremors just now have been caused by this sword scar?

Qin Yu’s heart was pounding! He had just used the Saint Kingdom’s Order of Destruction.

However, it just created a few meters-long crack. How terrifying was the power that caused this bottomless mark?

Moreover, the transfer of damage into the tunnel had consumed nearly five times the amount of Night Qi!

If this continued, the Night Qi would not last for long.

He continued forward.

Qin Yu gritted his teeth. His body burst forth with extreme speed.

If this was the same as the first passage, he might be safe at the end!

Suddenly, three more Emperor Ash Lions appeared in front of him.

Qin Yu broke out in a cold sweat. Why did it feel like there were endless divine beasts in this forest? Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

If this continued, he would probably die of exhaustion sooner or later!

Burning Wood !

As the Tiger Wing flapped continuously, the heavenly flames that filled the sky instantly blocked the three Emperor Ash Lions.

Qin Yu immediately decided to retreat.

He came to the place where he had just killed the three divine beasts. At this moment, there was nothing on the ground.

The way these creatures were born was probably related to the power of this place.

After he killed these divine beasts, the energy would not dissipate. Instead, it would give birth to new living beings.

In other words, the outcome would be to exhaust all the power in his body and eventually die here if he continuously killed the divine beasts.

Qin Yu had a vague guess, but he was still not sure.

He rushed in the direction he had just gone. At this moment, there were five more Three-eyed Dragon Apes in front of him!

“Go all out!”

The power of Qin Yu’s Milky Way Holy Body erupted completely. The power of the night wrapped around his body.

Countless crows circled half of his body. Then his body flew in the direction at a terrifying speed.

In an instant, his body exploded, and blood burst. The power of the dream frantically transferred his injuries into the dream realm.

However, Qin Yu wasn’t sure if his Night Qi could completely offset such a terrifying injury.

At this moment, almost ninety percent of his perception had been deprived.

Even if he died now, he would only experience 10% of his senses. He could not even determine how serious his injuries were.

What shocked him was that as he advanced in this area frantically, the entire sky was filled with the figures of these divine beasts.

Three-eyed Dragon Ape, Emperor Ash Lion, Blood-eyed Stone Monkey, Nine Netherworld Ice Lion.

Hundreds of divine beasts filled the sky. Their mended bodies looked even more ferocious.

Some of these divine beasts had even cultivated powerful peak power. Qin Yu’s Night Qi was almost exhausted in the hundreds of meters he advanced.

“Go all out!”

At this moment, Qin Yu only had very little Night Qi left.

Moreover, what made him even more afraid was that the place was almost filled with powerful divine beasts.

Even when he was at his peak condition, it was extremely difficult for him to face ten of them.

Not to mention such a large number of divine beasts..