Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2755 The Three Coffin Nails

The terrifying saber energy raged out.

God-slaying!

In an instant, this violent saber energy tore the twenty divine beasts surrounding Qin Yu into tens of thousands of pieces.

It was as if a storm had stirred up in the entire space of resentment.

Was this the attack of a peak power level 14 cultivator?

Qin Yu was filled with shock. The feeling of such powerful strength was simply suffocating.

Ling Bo!

Qin Yu gritted his teeth and took advantage of this opportunity to move a long distance forward again.

In just a blink of an eye, the divine beasts that covered the mountains and plains appeared again.

There were even more of them than before!

His previous killing seemed to have given birth to more divine beasts.

At this moment, thousands of divine beasts almost covered the sky.

Qin Yu smiled miserably. He could roughly guess the situation here now.

Although the power here was not an illusion, it was constructed by another material will.

The power of the divine beasts here would not dissipate after he killed them. Instead, they would continue to give birth to new divine beasts.

As long as the intent to kill him was there, these divine beasts would not be annihilated.

Even the two level 14 talismans could turn into the power here and attack him.

He could only force his way through.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Primal Chaos Flame! Unseal!"

Qin Yu withdrew the Cold Dew of Heaven and Earth covering the Primal Chaos Fire. The flames immediately covered his body.

In an instant, Qin Yu felt that even his divine soul was burning. He did not have the experience to control the primal flame.

He could only rely on his instincts to control the most powerful flame in the universe.

Dozens of divine beasts charging at him were instantly turned into ashes. Qin Yu's body was like a fireball as he rushed forward crazily.

The intense pain made him grit his teeth.

Oh no!

Qin Yu's expression changed drastically. One had to know that the perception of divine sense here was suppressed by 90%.

He could feel such great pain in his body now. He probably could not hold on much longer.

Qin Yu's current position seemed to be close to the exit.

The divine beasts that filled the sky and the earth let out furious roars. In an instant, the place where Qin Yu was turned into a pitch-black land.

These divine beasts were instantly reduced to nothingness when they approached the Primal Chaos Flame. 

However, more divine beasts immediately spawned and pounced at Qin Yu again without fear of death.

At this moment, a level of invisible flames had already ignited in the setting sun sky.

A fiery storm engulfed Qin Yu.

The terrifying heat wave was like a fire dragon shuttling through it. The fire dragons that had accumulated to the limit exploded violently.

Countless resentful forces began to boil in the space where Qin Yu was.

After the Primal Chaos Flame erupted, it released a terrifying heat wave.

The entire space was about to melt at this moment.

Everyone outside saw a shocking scene.

The vortex that Qin Yu was in emitted intense heat. They could not even see the space clearly.

The high temperature evaporated the entire space into a blur. Countless resentment whirlpools rushed into it crazily.

The two forces seemed to be fighting crazily!

The power of the Primal Chaos Flame!

"This guy is crazy. The cost of activating this thing is not small. Every breath may require an extremely vast amount of energy. Once the energy is insufficient, the power of the divine soul and the physical body will become the target to activate the Primal Chaos Flame. How can this universal flame be activated so easily? Once it is activated, it will give rise to unpredictable changes!"

Fatty said anxiously.

"Heavenly Sin should be the one to win in the end. Look at the airflow released by the vortex. It's the purest mental ability. It re-forms a new space and then goes there again." Xiao Hai said softly after carefully observing for a long time. "You're right! Young man! This is just a game of Heavenly Sin. Our desperate efforts may be as insignificant as ants in its eyes."

Cang Yunzi carefully sensed it and found that what Xiao Hai said was correct.

"Daoist Priest, can you help me seal my body? If you succeed, I might be able to help you in the end."

Xiao Hai chuckled.

Before Cang Yunzi could reply, a wisp of internal qi suddenly appeared in his hand.

It was a trace of power from the space of resentment.

As it entered Xiao Hai's body, he revealed a ferocious expression as if he was trying his best to control the unbearable pain.

Fatty Situ, who was watching from the side, felt his hair stand on end. They only had less than 10% of their senses right now.

Could this wisp of resentment cause such extreme pain?

He quickly took a few steps back, afraid that he would be affected by Xiao Hai.

"This is the moment!"

Xiao Hai suddenly shouted.

"What a lunatic! He tried to unlock Heavenly Sin's power." Cang Yunzi smiled bitterly.

A red sack was thrown into the air. Three nails fell out from it.

The three nails were covered in rust and a dense aura of death immediately spread out from them.

"These are the three coffin nails!"

Fatty Situ seemed to have recognized the three nails and shouted in shock.

As the three nails entered Xiao Hai's body, he finally stopped trembling.

"It's all thanks to the suppression here. Otherwise, it would be difficult to sense this power with such extreme pain."

A beam of light enveloped Xiao Hai and he seemed to be frozen in place.

However, one could see that he was moving in slow motion if one looked closely.

"Spacetime Hall! Big brother, don't push it to such an extreme. This is at the cost of your life! Why are all of you so crazy?"

Fatty Situ wanted to cry.

"What a terrifying fellow! Perhaps he is our last chance to escape."

Cang Yunzi smiled bitterly as he looked at the space where Qin Yu was.

The current situation had already developed into a completely unexpected situation.

It was five times Heavenly Sin. They would still have to give it their all to deal with it even if they were in the second level.

Moreover, the rules of each level had changed. For example, the power of the divine generals of the first level and the perception suppression of the entire space.

The second stage was the materialization of illusion and the suppression of the physical body.

Moreover, he had just tried the method that could free him previously.

The preemptive move he had set up was completely ineffective. Heavenly Sin's power had completely sealed this place. This was completely different from before.

Therefore, he did not hesitate to take the three coffin nails out although they were his trump card.

In the space, it only took a few breaths before Qin Yu understood that he couldn't activate the Primal Chaos Flame with his strength.

Qin Yu's finger suddenly rested on the Soul Suppression Ring and his body entered the passageway.

His body was split into dozens of parts!

No, it wasn't enough!

Qin Yu clenched his fists tightly.

Another ten identical Qin Yu split apart again.