Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2765 The Invitation

A figure appeared in front of him in an instant!

It was a stitched-up body and a hideous face.

An almost tangible killing intent instantly enveloped Qin Yu. A force was derived from his finger.

In an instant, it wrapped around his entire body. The tomb symbols protruded from the surface of his body.

His soul power, the Night Qi, and the holy energy in his body turned into nothingness all of a sudden.

In just a moment, Qin Yu's body returned to its original spot weakly.

Qin Yu's mind was greatly alarmed. The power of this curse mark practically completely disintegrated his battle prowess.

If it wasn't for the fact that this place was safe, even a Dao Realm expert could easily kill him.

Qin Yu frowned deeply. The power of this curse mark gave him the feeling that it was resisting some kind of power.

However, he had never seen any other power in the passage before.

The power of the Eight Trigrams from before had already been transferred into his body.

What kind of power could make the Heavenly Sin's power of the curse mark so wary?

Qin Yu was somewhat puzzled.

However, his current strength was not enough to solve this mystery.

The power of the curse mark had completely disintegrated

his power.

He did not know what his body would become if he had one more ball of power.

Early the next morning, Qin Yu was still in meditation.

He suddenly woke up from his shock. Someone had entered his divine sense.

A moment later, there was a light knock on the door. "What is it?"

"I'm here to invite you to an appointment. This is an invitation from the Alester family."

A piece of paper pierced through the wooden door and stuck right in front of Qin Yu.

There was a circular symbol in the middle. It should be the emblem of the Alester family. He had seen it on Reiya's clothes before.

"I have no other connection with the Alester family other than Reiya. Besides, Reiya just left, so it shouldn't be her."

Qin Yu frowned. He had a vague feeling that this was not a good thing.

After interacting with Reiya, he had a deeper understanding of the strength of the Alster family.

He could not fight against this family with his current strength.

"What if I don't go?"

Qin Yu sneered.

"I've already delivered the letter. It's up to you whether you want to go or not."

The voice of the person at the door was very calm.

After sending the invitation letter, he turned around and left.

"I'll give it a trip..."

Qin Yu revealed a bitter smile.

This trouble was probably related to Alester, but he couldn't avoid it.

Since the other party could find this place accurately, it was likely that he would be under the other party's control no matter where he went.

Since he couldn't avoid it, he could only face it.

The paper slowly floated and folded a few times to form an Immortal Crane.

In the next moment, the Immortal Crane flapped its wings as if it were real and flew in front of him.

Qin Yu moved and followed behind the Immortal Crane.

Before long, the Immortal Crane brought Qin Yu to a luxurious mansion in the city.

The instant Qin Yu appeared, he felt several powerful divine senses locking onto him.

These people were silent. They had the internal qi of someone who had been in power for a long time.

What surprised Qin Yu was that Cang Yunzi was also among them.

Two golden-haired men sat in the middle of the main seat.

Their golden hair seemed to be glowing. It was especially dazzling among the crowd.

"This is the person who entered and came out from the Heavenly Sin, Qin Yu. He is also the person that the two sirs are looking for."

In an instant, all eyes were focused on Qin Yu.

"So strong..."

Qin Yu felt a suffocating pressure.

"Sister Reiya seems to have changed into a different person after parting with you. I happened to pass by this place today, so I wish to meet you."

The young man stood up and slowly walked to Qin Yu.

His tall figure looked down at Qin Yu slightly. The corners of his mouth curled into a strange smile.

"What is your relationship with Sister Reiya? Why is she living in the same room as you? This has never happened before."

The young man asked.

Cang Yunzi slightly shook his head at Qin Yu.

"We aren't related. It just so happened that we came out together from Heavenly Sin."

Qin Yu frowned. He did not like this kind of interrogative attitude.

"What an arrogant young man! Only a few among a hundred thousand people came out. However, you look very ordinary. I feel relieved after meeting you."

Another middle-aged man slowly stood up.

His figure was well-proportioned and his facial features were impeccable.

It seemed that the bloodline of the Alester family was good-looking.


This kind of appearance was even comparable to the elves.

"What a pity! I had some expectations. If I could meet a bloodline stronger than the Alester family, perhaps I could try to break our curse."

The middle-aged man did not stop. He walked past Qin Yu as if he did not see him.

The young man shrugged and followed him out.

Was it over just like that?

Cang Yunzi heaved a sigh of relief. He had thought that this would be a difficult banquet.

Practically all of Lingxu City's higher-ups had arrived.

He was still thinking about how to resolve the war between the two sides, but he didn't expect them to leave just like that. They didn't even say more.

Perhaps Qin Yu, who had not even awakened her peak power, was not worthy of their attention at all.

Qin Yu was also a little surprised. Were these two people from the Alester family crazy?

They came all the way here just to say these few words.

An old man with a slightly bent waist slowly walked out from the corner.

His aged face was full of wrinkles. His two long white eyebrows almost covered his entire eyes, making it impossible for others to see his eyes.

He was like a pillar by the wall. Even Qin Yu's Nine Heavens Manifestations Gaze did not see him just now.

"I'm a servant of the Alester family. It is already an irredeemable sin for you to stay with the young miss for a night. However, the head of the Alester family did not say anything, so I can't do anything to you."

The word 'realm' spread out in front of Qin Yu's pupils.

The old servant and he entered the realm at the same time.

"This attack is the punishment I give you."

He raised two fingers and waved them in front of Qin Yu.

Blood spurted out from Qin Yu's chest immediately. The realm shattered the next moment.

The old man slowly walked out of the door and followed behind the two people.

"Qin Yu, are you alright?"

Cang Yunzi's expression changed drastically.

A huge wound appeared on Qin Yu's chest. This power tore at Qin Yu's body crazily.

Qin Yu's body was almost cut into two halves under this sword.

After the power of the night surged a few times, it suddenly disappeared.

"Oh no! It's the sword intent peak power!"

Cang Yunzi's expression changed drastically.

Qin Yu roared. A violent consciousness swept out like a Primordial Chaos beast.
He temporarily suppressed the sword intent. Then the Night Qi raged out.

It completely shifted the terrifying injuries.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com