Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2775 Start Again

Then, one of the bones fell off the bracelet.

The Heavenly Path Sea that enveloped the Saint World seemed to have encountered a strong gravitational force at this moment.

It crazily emitted a terrifying Path of Heaven tide.

Countless colorful Great Dao was at the center.

A piece of bone fell and created a strange ripple.

At the same time, countless bolts of lightning surged out from the area.

The power disappeared in an instant, so fast that it was difficult to detect with the naked eye.

Meanwhile, all the places affected by the extended power experienced a mysterious change.

It was as if the bell in the future had been quietly changed.

This power seemed to be the Seal of Heaven Returning, but it was tens of thousands of times stronger.

"Run!"

Qin Yu's eyes flashed with a trace of confusion. The surrounding people suddenly scattered.

The old man slowly stepped down with Chang Mang following behind him at the familiar place.

"A bunch of impolite little fellows!"

Familiar words and actions.

All of this made Qin Yu feel as if he was dreaming.

Furthermore, he asked the same questions in the same order.

Qin Yu was stunned. He suddenly noticed something and looked at his wrist.

His wrist, which originally had six bones, was missing one.

"So the bracelet the monk left behind saved me!"

Qin Yu's heart trembled.

This kind of power was so strong that Qin Yu's heart was torn apart.

His Seal of Heaven Returning was the power of rejuvenation.

Moreover, it only targeted him and brought him back tens of seconds before.

Other people would not be affected.

In contrast, the power of this piece of bone affected everyone.

Even that terrifying old man was covered.

One could imagine that this force was much stronger than the Seal of Heaven Returning!

Qin Yu felt a chill run down his spine. Accepting such a monstrous favor, he might be presenting the huge karma of Buddhism.

However, Qin Yu did not have time to think. In an instant, the old man had already taken Aiden's head off and arrived in front of him.

It was still the same question!

Qin Yu took a deep breath. He hoped that this da*n old man would not trick him.

"It's worth it! The Path of Heavenly was the end of this world! Moreover, I don't dare to make any rash comments!" "Ha!"

Bai Zizai was at a loss for a moment.

However, he immediately revealed a mocking expression. "Ridiculous!"

A ferocious expression appeared on his face.

"F*ck you!"

The familiar scene appeared again. Chang Mang's rough voice suddenly rang out.

In an instant, Qin Yu and Chang Mang's heads were removed one after another.

The bracelet on his left hand appeared again and another bone was peeled off.

Qin Yu cursed when he saw the old man again.

"This da*n old fart, he's not giving anyone a way out!"

If he couldn't answer a question correctly, wouldn't he be forced to a dead end?

At this moment, Qin Yu wished to turn around and escape. However, he thought of the outcome of those who had fled previously.

He decided to restrain himself. How was he going to resolve this situation?

Qin Yu's expression was ferocious. He almost wanted to pull out his hair.

The development of the plot continued very quickly.

Bai Zizai stood in front of Aiden, and Qin Yu was next. Qin Yu frantically thought of a new answer.

His answer must touch him, only then would he have a hope of survival.

Only four bones were left on his bracelet now. This opportunity was not unlimited.

Qin Yu was still in deep thought, but he didn't notice that the old man standing in front of Aiden didn't ask him any questions.

Instead, his brows twitched slightly before he came in front of Qin Yu.

"How should I place the heads?"

A strange smile appeared on his face.

"There is nothing that's absolute right and wrong in this world. For some cold and indifferent people, pursuing the ultimate Dao is naturally the most important. However, a person who values friendship has to look at it from another angle..."

Eh, that's not right! Wait a minute!

There was something wrong with the script!

Qin Yu looked at Bai Zizai who revealed a strange smile. His face instantly turned pale.

What the f*ck was going on?

Qin Yu only felt that his brain was not enough!

"You f*cking idiot, do you want to hear what you're talking about?"

Chang Mang's furious voice rang out from behind Bai Zizai. "Let's go all out! The Hell Nightmare!"

Qin Yu and the Nightmare formed by the Night Qi struck out with their palms at the same time!

If he could shake the old man's divine soul, there would still be a chance!

At this moment, Qin Yu restrained his thoughts and unleashed a full-powered attack. 

Among his current cultivation techniques, the Hell Nightmare was an extremely powerful attack developed from the power of the night in the Dao of Dreams.

This power was similar to the Great Boundless Heavenly Demon in the heavenly tribulation. They both attacked the weakest point of the divine soul.

This power had even played a role in the battle with Lord Alester.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The higher one's cultivation was, the more uncomfortable it would be for one to experience such a nightmare.

This was also the reason why many cultivators feared the heavenly tribulation.

The old man's face revealed a strange expression when he was hit.

However, he did not look like he had lost his mind. Instead, he looked like he was reminiscing.

Whoosh!

Chang Mang's head instantly appeared in the old man's hand.

"Haha! When did the bald donkey from the Faramita come here?"

His gaze landed on Qin Yu's left hand.

The bracelets on Qin Yu's left and right hands flashed crazily at the same time.

It was as if they had encountered a strong threat.

Then, Qin Yu's head fell into the old man's hands.

Thump! Thump! Thump!

At this moment, countless Path of Heaven storms were stirred up in the Heavenly Path Sea.

Countless forces surged into the center and a violent tornado appeared.

Tens of thousands of Path of Heaven water pillars surged into the sky. The entire Heavenly Path Sea changed colors. It was even impossible to distinguish between heaven and earth.

A bone fell into the center.

Another one...

The third one...

After three bones fell in succession, the storm slowly calmed down.

A halo that was dozens of times stronger than before instantly spread out.

Just like before, it changed all the karma.

Da!

The old man appeared in front of Qin Yu.

"A bunch of impolite little fellows!"

It was familiar words again, but Qin Yu's expression changed drastically.

At this moment, only one bone was left in his left hand!

He had consumed three bones to complete this 'start again.'

This old man could actually sense this power!

Qin Yu's face was ashen. He already did not know what to do.

This should be his last chance.

This time, the old man didn't even chase after those who ran away.

Instead, he took a step forward and arrived in front of Qin Yu. He did not even give him any time to think.

As expected, the old man had already sensed the bracelets' power!