Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2782 Level 14 Peak Power

"This move!"

Aiden's face was filled with fear sensing the terrifying power.

Rumor had it that Wu Tian was once the successor of Faramita Buddha. Faramita Sakra and Dipamkara, the other Faramita Buddha, turned into a pigeon and a vulture to test Wu Tian.

The pigeon Sakra had turned into was under Wu Tian's command, while the vulture Dipamkara had turned into was chasing after them.Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Sakra cut off the meat on his left arm and fed it to the vulture to protect the pigeon.

This was the allusion of the Buddhist Sect's Faramita.

However, Chen Zhisha attracted the most terrifying evil ghosts in the Buddhist Sect's hell this time.

One after another, the evil ghosts with clear faces slowly showed their original ferocious faces.

They let out shrill howls and circled Chen Zhisha's arm.

Wood Charm, Tengu, Deep Valley Sound, Mountain Boy, Inu God, Gourd Taste, Bridge Girl, Naruya...

As Chen Zhisha counted them, these evil ghosts were like pets that had been pointed out.

They were crazily gnawing on the flesh on his arm.

Soon, the white bones on Chen Zhisha's arm could be seen. "Hundred Ghosts Parade!"

Blood on Chen Zhisha's left arm slowly dripped onto the ground.

Every drop fell was like ice water falling into a hot pot of oil.

The strong Buddha blood caused countless Creepy to evaporate.

He glared at Chang Mang and slammed his palm onto Chang Mang's chest.

The hundred malevolent spirits howled and slammed into Chang Mang's chest at the same time.

Heaven Suppression Pagoda! Heaven Punishing Palm!

Chang Mang revealed a solemn expression as hundreds of palm strikes blasted out instantly.

Finally, it became a Heaven Punishing Palm and collided with Chen Zhisha's Hundred Ghosts Parade.

The power of evil ghosts and the power of purple lightning erupted.

In the blink of an eye, Chang Mang's body was slowly devoured by the evil spirit energy.

A terrifying scene appeared. A hundred ghosts devoured Chang Mang's entire body slowly.

The flesh and blood on his body instantly disappeared, and then followed by his skeleton.

Ling Bo!

Qin Yu suddenly appeared behind Chang Mang, injecting the remaining Night Qi into Chang Mang's body.

As all of the Night Qi entered his body, Chang Mang's body seemed illusory.

Sir Dagger!

At this moment, Qin Yu couldn't care less about whether or not Chang Mang could withstand this punch.

He crouched slightly and a huge scythe appeared in his right hand.

Dance of Death.

In an instant, the Scythe of Death stirred up a huge tornado.

Countless Creepy were cut into pieces by the Scythe of Death.

"Hahaha! Not bad, kid! Well done!"

A burst of laughter rang out. Sir Dagger let out a burst of maniacal laughter.

"I can't block it. This power no longer belongs to the Saint World."

Chen Zhisha looked at the scythe that was coming at him.

He completely let go of his defenses when he saw the terrifying saber light approaching him.

The space was split into two.

At the last moment, Chang Mang and Aiden received Qin Yu's voice transmission.

They squatted almost immediately. A large chunk of hair was shaved from Chang Mang's head, making him look extremely comical.

His face was pale. He would have been split into two if he had reacted any slower.

Space fire was still burning between the arcs drawn by the Dance of Death.

Not only did the spatial rift not close up, but it also expanded.

A huge spatial storm swept across a thousand meters around them.

"What a terrifying power! This is even stronger than the Queen in some aspects."

Aiden's face was filled with shock. He didn't know where Qin Yu got this power from.

This spatial storm lasted for 15 minutes before it slowly stopped. 

On the ground at the bottom of the Nine Nether Cliff, every inch of the ground was filled with bottomless scratches.

The densely packed scratches made people shudder. Heaven Suppression Pagoda! Immovable!

Chang Mang raised his hands. A power as heavy as a mountain emanated from his body.

His face was a little pale as he blocked the spatial storm.

Although this battle only lasted a moment, the three of them had exhausted their strength.

At this moment, Chen Zhisha's body was cut into two by the Scythe of Death. Blood gushed out from the two pieces of his body.

"Did he die just like that?"

Qin Yu was in disbelief.

He was a monster who had once killed 400 million humans. He was the person who had joined forces with the most powerful saint of the monster race, Zi Yang.

Qin Yu felt uneasy about his dying in their hands for some reason.

In the next moment, golden rain suddenly fell in the space they were in.

In the blink of an eye, countless lotus flowers bloomed.

A golden internal qi soared into the sky and a figure stepped into it.

Every step he took was elegant.

This scene was like a miracle.

Qin Yu was greatly shocked. He had seen this scene before.

It was the Miracle Reborn Lotus that he had obtained on the top floor of the Treasure Repository Pavilion in the Demon Sealing Valley.

The Miracle Power born from the lotus was the same in this space!

However, this Miracle Power was a hundred times stronger than the one of the Reborn Lotus.

Qin Yu's heart skipped a beat. Only he understood how terrifying this Miracle Power was.

This thing easily made him break through to the ultimate realm in a desperate situation.

"It's fine. This isn't that da*n bald donkey!"

Chang Mang was also on high alert. However, he let out a sigh of relief when he saw that Chen Zhisha's corpse was still on the ground.

Aiden's expression was unexpectedly ugly. His handsome face was fixed on the figure.

In the next moment, the golden Miracle Power completely disappeared.

A young face appeared in front of everyone. Who else could this person be but Chen Zhisha?

"Endless Life."

Aiden said with an ugly expression.

"I didn't expect someone to remember this since I only displayed it once."

"The peak power at level 14 is 'Endless Life'! This peak power was recorded in a battle by the Pavilion of Heavenly Secrets. It's the most top-notch power in the entire Saint World. As long as his consciousness exists, he will continue to live."

Aiden's expression was extremely ugly.

"In the battle recorded by the Pavilion of Heavenly Secrets, the holy daughter used her most powerful strength, including her level 13 God's Space. She killed Chen Zhisha ten times in a row. There were also ten corpses on the ground. However, the holy daughter finally lost and was severely injured by Chen Zhisha for the eleventh time. In other words, it is useless no matter how many times we kill him with his power. He will continue to live as long as his will is there."

Qin Yu and Chang Mang both drew in a breath of cold air.

This kind of power could already be said to be invincible. He had never seen such heaven-defying power.