Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2799: Stop Looking

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

It included all the evidence of magical artifacts or other records that had been passed down.

Qin Yu didn’t have any special thoughts in the past, but he discovered something creepy after listening to Smoker Xie’s story.

The giant had probably left long ago and had already taken the key from the little boy.

This was a huge blow to everyone.

If Qin Yu had the little boy in his hands now, he might have the motivation to improve himself.

He would then try to get the hidden key from the little boy.

However, the person who held the key was not the little boy, but the giant.

It was probably the giant formed by the fusion of countless top-notch Primordial Chaos Immortals.

Back on Earth when artificial intelligence had just matured, there was a saying in the chess world that one should never play with artificial intelligence. Now, the giant controlling the Investiture of Gods was like the Al boss.

Even if everyone went all out, they probably couldn’t shake it.

Back on Earth, there were three laws when robots first appeared.

However, the three laws of human crystallization proved that this thing was full of loopholes after some deductions.

What if the robot set the law?

Then humanity would soon go extinct and they would never be able to resist.

This was the actual situation of the Investiture of Gods.

Smoker Xie had once told him not to increase his strength too quickly.

Perhaps he could still have some freedom in that way.

Once he touched the commandments set by the giants, he might lose all his freedom. That was a place of rules that could not be broken through.

He was like an ant. Although he could be trampled to death, no one would pay attention to him.

Once his body size increased by a hundred times, people would pay attention to him from time to time.

Once its body size increased by a thousand times, people would always pay attention to it no matter where it went.

People would immediately deal with it if it showed signs of attacking people.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Ruoxue…

Qin Yu raised his head, revealing a look of despair.

How could he escape from this place?

Heavenly Treasure Continent, Situ family. Qin Yu stood up at some point.

“Qin Yu, you’re up!”

Before the joy on Chang Mang’s face faded, a terrifying power exploded on him.

It swept him along with the entire house and then directly blasted him a hundred meters away.

Chang Mang’s face was flushed red as the power of the Dao of Dreams continued to flow through his body.

He was unable to divert his attention to resist this destructive power.

“Chang Mang?”

Qin Yu’s face revealed a hint of hesitation as if he had recalled some memories.

But soon, a hint of struggle appeared on his face.

In the next moment, he placed his thumb on the Soul Suppression Ring and disappeared.

“What’s going on with him?”

Chang Mang was puzzled.

Qin Yu seemed to have completely forgotten him. If not for his awakening at the last moment, Chang Mang might have been caught off guard and heavily injured.

Not only Chang Mang, but also Aiden and Meng Jing who had woken up from her injuries.

They all sensed that something was wrong. That feeling was too foreign to them.

“This is the similarity of those who have become gods. Their divine souls have already been absorbed into the Investiture of Gods. This is just a projection in the space. It has almost no main personality. It may still remember you now, but it will slowly become like Qin Ji, Xie Yanke, and the others as time goes by. It will forget the past and become a walking corpse.”

Divine Doctor Lu explained to the few of them, saving them from having any expectations.

Qin Yu walked on the Soul Suppressing Passage. In the distance, the Nineteenth Prison hung in the sky like a bright moon.

There was no fluctuation in his spirit, but he walked towards the Nineteenth Prison step by step.

Every step he took felt like he was stepping on mud.

Ripples would appear and his soul power would surge into the passageway like a tide.

However, Qin Yu seemed to be unaware of it. He no longer considered the danger after his divine soul was exhausted.

Instead, he walked toward that place step by step until his body was sucked dry and he became a corpse.

His vision turned hazy. In the next moment, his lifeless body returned to the Great Hall.

Qin Yu!

Meng Jing looked anxious as she injected him with a huge amount of Saint Power.

“Don’t worry. He’ll be fine.”

Divine Doctor Lu stopped the holy daughter.

Then, Qin Yu’s dried corpse slowly split open under everyone’s shocked gazes.

Countless tentacles wriggled. In just a moment, he returned.

Aiden couldn’t be more familiar with this power.

He had fought with Qin Ji many times at the Nine Nether Cliff. This power was the same as Smoker Xie and Qin Ji.

Qin Yu had now become an existence similar to the Creepy.

Qin Yu stood calmly on the spot. The Nightmare Wings formed by the power of the night slowly spread open.

The power of the Grim Reaper was watching everyone. A part of Qin Yu’s improvement in the Investiture of Gods could also be extended to this real body.

“Qin Yu! Wake the f*ck up!”

Chang Mang’s body smashed down like a meteor.

However, it directly passed through Qin Yu and landed on the ground.

Qin Yu did not seem to notice it at all. He seemed to be thinking about something on the spot.

He completely ignored the questions of the others.

Chang Mang charged at him again.

Again and again, until he was exhausted.

“Qin Yu, don’t you want us anymore?”

Chang Mang slumped to the ground. The burly man wailed loudly.

They knew each other in the Holy Region. Qin Yu had always remembered him even though the Ji family imprisoned him.

In the end, he and his sister were rescued. How could this best friend of his

become like this?

Qin Yu slowly walked toward Chang Mang, causing everyone to become nervous.

The current Qin Yu was already not something they could deal with their strength.

Lance!

Divine Doctor Lu chanted softly.

Three people had already appeared and were staring at Qin Yu.

If he were to rebel, they would stop him immediately.

His face revealed a look of struggle. With every step he took, his flesh and blood fell to the ground.

With a sound like fresh meat falling into a pot of oil, he slowly walked towards Chang Mang.

A hand lightly knocked on Chang Mang’s head.

“Don’t bother about me, brat. If you see Ruoxue, remember to apologize to her for me. I’m truly sorry! You have to find your sister! I can feel that she’s still alive! And you, Little Fatty, don’t feel guilty. This is my choice. You’re my friend. This is the reason..”