Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2802  Soul-splitting

The "Suppression" talisman started to tremble violently. The two forces were in a temporary stalemate.

He became stronger again!

Rakshasa was shocked.

The Buddhist True Lord, Dipamkara drew this talisman.

It could allow people to stand in reality and break out of dreams.

In the beginning, Qin Yu's Dao of Dreams power was not even a match for it.

However, his Night Qi seemed to have fundamentally changed during this period.

He could temporarily block this talisman in reality.

Whoosh!

The "Suppression" talisman turned into an arrow and pierced through Qin Yu's body.

"He has entered the tunnel again!"

Rakshasa said helplessly.

The power of the Dao of Dreams was almost invincible.

In addition, Qin Yu had become a god. They could only trap him here but no other way.

Furthermore, Situ Qianxun did not instruct him to use any powerful magical artifact. He might want to study Qin Yu's changes during the battle.

"It's fine. The space here has been completely sealed. He can't escape even if he uses the Soul Suppression Ring."

Lance pulled Rakshasa up from the ground with a bitter smile.

Qin Yu slowly strolled within the passageway that was filled with twinkling stars.

At this moment, the Nineteenth Prison was a space that floated above his head like a moon plate far from the Soul Suppressing Passage.

The shape seemed much larger after Qin Yu arrived at a certain place.

The distance between him and the Nineteenth Prison seemed to have gotten closer.

Qin Yu raised his head and looked at the space.

After a long time, he shook his head slightly.

Ten streams of energy split apart from his body.

These were his divine soul clones. Ten divine soul clones surged into the starlight on both sides of the passage.

They entered the dream at the same time! This was the method he used to fight against Heavenly Sin.

Entering the dream was equivalent to living in another person's body and spending the rest of one's life in a third-person perspective.

This was entering the dream. This state would greatly strengthen one's divine soul.

However, it was very easy for one to pay a huge price. Even Qin Yu had only been around for more than 800 years.

A martial artist with some cultivation could reach 150 years old, not to mention some cultivators.

The average age of these people was more than 500 years old.

This kind of long-term dream would cause fundamental change in the depths of the subconscious.

For example, once one entered a butcher's dream. One could see that the butcher had no sympathy for carnivores. In his eyes, they were simply food.

Under the influence of this consciousness for many years, it would affect the intrinsic thinking of the person who was 'hosting'.

However, Qin Yu's divine soul was already in the Investiture of Gods.

He was only relying on his instincts to pursue greater power right now.

It could be said that he no longer had an independent divine soul to a certain extent.

When Qin Yu tore apart the  Investiture of Gods and showed his divinity in his flesh and blood, the two sides' faint influence was completely cut off.

The current him could be said to be a walking corpse that pursued strength.

Qin Yu was also a puppet controlled by the Investiture of Gods. Once it released its summoning internal qi, his body would be as strange as the Creepy in the Nine Nether Cliff.

Qin Yu with the remaining original soul stood on the spot. Countless scenes flashed through his pupils. The corners of his mouth curled into a strange smile.

Under the gloomy light of the Soul Suppressing Passage, this strange smile appeared deep and terrifying.

It seemed that this long life was an enjoyment for him.

His body burst into dark flames. His soul power increased at a terrifying speed. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

He could continue. Qin Yu's body slowly split into two again.

Then, they entered their dreams again.

Qin Yu just waited quietly and did not use the power of the Hell Nightmare.

Although that power could interfere with the host's thoughts, it would destroy the key to his continued improvement.

This was a terrifying process. Qin Yu finally split into twenty clones to enter the dreams.

He used a person's soul to enter twenty people's dreams simultaneously. Among them were demonic cultivators, Buddha cultivators, Dao cultivators, and so on.

One of them even had a life span of three thousand years, equivalent to the lives of four Qin Yu.

The current Qin Yu was like a fossil that had long died in these three thousand years.

He quietly waited for the souls to return in the Soul Suppressing Passage.

Surrounding him were countless images with huge amounts of information. The fist-sized space was filled with information like an ocean.

This information was all the experiences of the dream hosts.

However, what exactly were these dreams?

Was it the dream of the deceased stored in the Nineteenth Prison, or was this the end of the dream?

Qin Yu's original soul waited quietly, but his gaze never left the starry sky above these passages.

The smiling stars represented the people's lives.

Then how did the starlight appear?

Countless pieces of information entered his sea of consciousness. Qin Yu was deducing crazily like a machine.

A cloud of green mist exploded beside him. Every wisp of mist contained a shrill howl.

One would discover the countless messy thoughts in the mist when one wrapped their divine sense around it.

This power was different from holy power.

A trace of its derivative would make people feel as if they had experienced thousands of reincarnations. In the fog of this divine sense explosion, this violent power would instantly make people go crazy.

They could not even last a second unless it was someone with a particularly firm mind,

While Qin Yu was still deducing, a few more balls of power exploded again.

"Is this the limit?"

Qin Yu frowned slightly and stopped deducing.

One after another, the soul clones slowly returned.

An energy different from before surged out of Qin Yu's body. That energy was as viscous as lava.

It slowly spread out from Qin Yu's head and covered half of his face.

The red sticky power slowly spread out until this blood-red power completely covered Qin Yu's face.

Qin Yu's body disappeared from where he stood and reappeared in the Heavenly Treasure Continent.

"He's out! Be careful!"

Rakshasa and Lance's expressions turned grave.

During this period, they had already fought many times with Qin Yu.

Every time he entered the passage, he would have a breakthrough. They wondered what would happen this time.

Furthermore, Qin Yu seemed to have undergone some sort of change.

The blood-red power flowed on his face like lava. Meanwhile, it emitted a fluctuation that made their hearts palpitate.