Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2805: The Three Great Holy Lords

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

The divine tree which was originally the size of a sapling, had grown to a diameter of ten thousand meters in a breath’s time.

Countless branches spread out.

At the place where the branches floated, the glass-like cracks were smoothed out wherever the power of the divine tree passed.

With the appearance of this divine tree, a warm internal qi lit up every trace of air.

Moreover, it seemed that even the void was lit up.

Looking from afar, the entire Treasure Continent was like a sun, standing in the depths of the abyss 10,000 meters away.

The power around the abyss could not invade at all.

When this attack collided, the explosive power instantly shattered countless living beings.

“As expected of the Treasure Continent. My full-powered attack was completely useless.”

The eye blinked and let out a hoarse and low voice.

As it spoke, the surrounding space collapsed as if it could not withstand this violent power.

The Eye of Death, Shimoji.

Situ Qianxun was expressionless.

“Did he come so quickly? He had even personally descended. It seemed that he would not rest until one of us died today.”

Holy Lords rarely left their divine kingdom because the further they were from the Saint Kingdom, the weaker their power was.

As long as they were in the Saint Kingdom, they were practically invincible.

This was like the holy daughter, Meng Jing, and Chang Mang with the Diving Might Chasing Star holy body.

That was a kind of suppression from the right time and place. Hence, Su Xinghe and the rest had determined that the next chaos would be in the Dao Mystical Saint Kingdom.

This was because this was the only kingdom without a Holy Lord. Once there was a Holy Lord, other Holy Lords would not dare to enter.

At this moment, Shimoji’s true form had left his Saint Kingdom and arrived here.

This already showed his attitude. He would not rest until one of them died.

Unless the Situ family could give up on the Investiture of Gods.

The power of the Thunderbolt Saint Kingdom just now could send the entire Treasure Continent to the bottom of the abyss with one strike.

The Treasure Continent was not as easy as the Eye of Death had said.

Situ Qianxun’s gaze did not stop on Shimoji. Instead, he looked at the other places.

In that space, there was already a new energy gradually approaching.

The sound of wind chimes rang out. The bells hanging on the divine tree slowly rang.

The voice rang out in the depths of the divine souls of everyone in the Treasure Continent.

Almost at the same time, Lance, Ye Kai, Rakshasa, and many others who were cultivating in seclusion stood up abruptly.

Eight people also stood up at the same time in a hidden space.

In front of them, an incomplete tablet was emitting a slight fluctuation of power.

That was the target of Eye of Death, Shimoji, this time- The Investiture of Gods.

“Everyone, prepare to fight to the death.”

Divine Doctor Lu appeared in this space and bowed solemnly to the eight of them.

These eight people could almost be the true foundation of the Situ family, including the development of the power of the Investiture of Gods.

The sound of the wind chimes could be heard now, indicating that there was no turning back in this battle.

The flames on the ground burned and crossed the barrier of the divine tree.

Every space in the Treasure Continent slowly lit up and burned.

The Angel Fire.

In the dark abyss, a person slowly walked over.

Another world was roaring crazily behind him. He stood at the entrance to separate the two worlds.

The Fallen Angel, Lucifer.

The moment he appeared, the power of the Fallen Divine Kingdom landed on the Treasure Continent almost simultaneously.

Another force also descended.

This person was a human saint, Shadowless Divine Hand Jue Chen.

These three were the Saint Level experts closest to the Treasure Continent.

It was almost terrifyingly fast. It could even be said that they rushed over without hesitation as soon as they received the news, just for the Investiture of Gods.

In an instant, talismans lit up all over the Treasure Continent.

These densely packed talismans emitted a hazy power. They erupted with the most powerful energy simultaneously to welcome the power of the three Saint

Kingdoms-

Countless talismans slowly disintegrated into the most primitive energy in space.

Then, more talismans slowly appeared.

They were going against the power of the three Saint kingdoms in the most primitive way.

As expected of the Situ family, they were able to remain unscathed under the bombardment of the three Saint Kingdoms.

However, how are you going to fight against the three Holy Lords?

The old Daoist and the little girl watched the battle from afar.

This was the most intense battle in almost a thousand years.

The power of a Saint Kingdom would consume a huge amount of energy with every attack.

It would take a long time to fill up this energy again. This was already equivalent to a life-and -death situation.

The three Holy Lords arrived personally. The power of the three Saint Kingdoms landed on the Treasure Continent almost simultaneously.

In an instant, it was as if the world had been torn apart.

The berserk power tore countless demonic beasts, humans, and living beings 100,000 meters away into powder.

The divine tree let out a mournful howl.

More than ten flower buds slowly squirmed from ten branches. Rays of light that could not be seen directly shot out from the cover of the six petals.

The dazzling light formed into Spiritual Energy Swords that shot out.

As the flower bud bloomed, the golden light exploded like a Spiritual Energy Sword.

When the fruit ripened, it turned out to be a divine beast, the Golden Crow!

However, the Golden Crow seemed to be in its infancy. Its internal qi was not as powerful.

Screech!

With a shrill cry, the Golden Crow struck Lucifer’s body like a sword light.

The divine kingdom behind him shook. This power was like the sun exploding.

Divine Sun Tree.

This was an innate divine artifact, not something that could be refined after birth.

It was born in the primordial chaos and had once appeared during the reign of the human race.

However, the news about the magical artifact gradually disappeared after a few battles. He did not expect it to appear in the Treasure Continent at this moment.

This was also a top-notch magical artifact. The fruit of this divine tree could give birth to the divine beast Golden Crow.

A sun-like energy exploded in Lucifer’s hand.

The Golden Crow in his hand let out a shrill cry. The two forces were in a stalemate for several seconds.

The Golden Crow gradually calmed down in Lucifer’s hands.

After the Golden Crow exhausted its energy, it turned into a golden arrow. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

There was a suffocating sharp aura at the tip of the arrow. “What a terrifying strength!”

Lucifer looked at the young Golden Crow and said indifferently.

If this divine tree grew again, it could bear an adult Golden Crow fruit.

Perhaps he couldn’t withstand this power.

The remaining fruits fell at the same time and the eight golden lights attacked again.

They didn’t charge at the other two Holy Lords. They attacked Lucifer instead..