Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2834: Sending Off

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio  Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

One of them had two horns, a human face, and a tiger body. It looked like a demon god from hell.

At this moment, its body had shrunk by a size, and internal qi of peak power was continuously emitted.

The accumulation of this internal qi was similar to that of Jiang Shengling.

However, it seemed to have received some kind of infusion. In an instant, a crisp cracking sound resounded in everyone’s ears. It was a fundamental change caused by a quantitative change to a qualitative change.

At this moment, its aura was emitting a world-destroying Holy Power. If it could be superimposed with the power of Saint Kingdom, it would be a genuine Saint.

Strange Beast!

It was rumored to be an ancient demon born from the combination of a god, a monster, and an evildoer.

It had appeared here at this moment.

This Strange Beast had broken through the Dao Consciousness Realm at this moment because of the power of the Path of Heaven’s wormhole. It had even stepped into the pseudo-saint power.

The two azure dragons beneath its feet lifted its entire body and then swept towards the Immortality Formation in the air.

The two forces collided.

Qin Yu, who was not far away, was instantly torn into pieces by the force of the collision.

This was a fight from the pseudo-saint power. Anyone below the level of Holy Consciousness could not interfere.

The raindrops became denser.

Every drop of rain was a shot of heaven and earth Spiritual Energy Sword.

The ground sank thousands of meters under the rain.

However, ear-piercing collision sounds would erupt when the rain fell on the Strange Beast.

The space trembled at every point of collision as if it had set off an intense confrontation.

The terrifying vibration shattered the internal organs of the nearby magical beasts.

A king-level bone dragon was also instantly torn into pieces by the impact.

A vacuum was formed between Strange Beast and the Immortality Formation.

No living being could survive here.

Jiang Shengling didn’t seem to notice this power. He continued to move forward step by step.

However, when he continued to move forward, the Strange Beast’s pseudo-Saint Power was about to affect him.

The Immortality Formation in the sky seemed to have sensed this change.

In an instant, the rain in the sky suddenly stopped.

A terrifying killing intent slowly emanated from the Immortality Formation. The Four Swords of Immortality focused on killing.

Since the Primordial Chaos stage, this power had killed countless lives.

At this moment, the killing intent was completely emitted. The surrounding people seemed to be able to feel that they had entered a sticky sea of blood.

In the sea of blood, the four swords of Immortality, Immortal-killing, Immortal-captus, and Immortal-vanquishing suddenly merged.

The entire sky suddenly turned blood-red. A Spiritual Energy Sword that was as red as the sun pierced out.

Heaven Devouring!

The Strange Beast seemed to have sensed the danger as its body expanded by hundreds of times.

A ferocious expression appeared on its demonic face.

As it opened its mouth, the entire world began to tremble, then shifted and twisted.

A corner of the scarlet sky seemed to have shifted.

It was suddenly swallowed into the Strange Beast’s mouth following that violent suction force.

Sky-devouring pseudo-saint peak power resisted the attack of the Four Swords of Immortality.

As the sky returned to eternal night, it was as if nothing had happened.

The almost tangible killing intent also disappeared instantly. The Strange Beast’s body once again expanded hundreds of times.

Its body trembled violently as a fierce battle occurred in its body.

Countless Spiritual Energy Swords burst out from its huge demonic body, but its terrifying body quickly recovered.

“It’s over…”

Liu Bai, who was far away, did not look at the battlefield. He seemed to be carefully sensing something.

Hmm?

All of a sudden, his expression froze as he turned to look at that area.

At this moment, Qin Yu appeared behind the Strange Beast. He had returned to his original state.

One of the Strange Beast’s pupils stared fixedly at the tiny human behind him. He did not understand how Qin Yu could survive such an impact.

Qin Yu stretched out one of his arms. A force that surpassed the peak power of the Strange Beast forcefully grabbed onto his body.

Then, he pulled hard. Ink-like soul power was raised.

The entire space suddenly emitted an irresistible internal qi. It was the power of reincarnation.

The entire space cracked like tempered glass. Every fragment was a reincarnation scene that Qin Yu had experienced.

The space fragments that filled the sky emitted a strange color of a hazy dream. The dream-like scene made people dare not look directly at it.

Even Fatty Situ, Liu Bai, and the many humans and demonic beasts who were watching from afar could not help but fall into that hazy scene.

Although they were just looking at it, their soul power could not help but be absorbed into it.

It was as if they were walking in their dreams and could not wake up for a long time.

The Nineteenth Prison divinity in Qin Yu’s head emitted a dazzling light.

Countless dreamy scenes emitted even more dazzling dreamy light after being guided by the divinity.

One Thought Reincarnation!

In a moment, the dream realm collapsed.

The storm in the dream realm completely erupted.

Almost at the same time, the Strange Beast’s pupils suddenly lost all their luster. Its peak power could no longer be maintained under the influence of the reincarnation storm.

Streaks of blood-red Spiritual Energy Sword swam around its huge body. Its entire body was like a volcano that was about to erupt.

In the next moment, the blood-colored Spiritual Energy Sword suddenly pierced through its head.

Half of the Strange Beast’s body exploded like a watermelon.

Qin Yu raised his head and laughed crazily.

He could already feel that the giant was very close to him.

However, he felt no regrets since he could personally escort Jiang Shengling on his way.

“What a mysterious power! Is this the power of the Nineteenth Prison? This kid can be considered a genius to be able to create such a move with Dream Qi. Moreover, this move seems to have to go through a hundred real reincarnations to create such a realistic scene. I can imagine how powerful his soul power is. Unfortunately…”

Countless thoughts flashed through Liu Bai’s mind.

Qin Yu’s face was pale as he attacked with all his might for a few continuous rounds.

This included the last attack, the One Thought Reincarnation. It even completely emptied his mind.

At this moment, he felt he couldn’t even lift a finger. He held on for a moment before his body fell to the ground weakly.nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Jiang Shengling’s final step was entering the Eight Desolates Beast Domain.

The wormhole in the sky once again emitted a strange, misty color.

At this moment, Jiang Shengling was like the sun at the center of the universe. His power had even surpassed the Holy Lord to an unimaginable level.

His body had long since shattered. What was walking at that moment was his last bit of obsession.

The obsession of the human asking heaven.

At this moment, the survivors of the Eight Desolates Beast Domain were all staring at Jiang Shengling, anticipating his final step.

Sigh!

Suddenly, Jiang Shengling let out a sigh and stopped.