Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2839: Confidence

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

“If that giant isn’t the holder, who set those commandments?”

Smoker Xie didn’t believe Xiao Hai’s conclusion.

They had previously determined that the current holder of the Investiture of Gods should be an individual derived from the combination of intelligent brains and many powerful divine souls here.

“I thought your judgment was right before, but I discovered this after the giant was seriously injured.”

A wooden beech space appeared in Xiao Hai’s hand. Tens of thousands of beech trees formed a lock.

When all the beech wood was extracted layer by layer, a beech wood heart slowly floated up from the core.

Then, it turned transparent power and merged into the Investiture of Gods’ space. Smoker Xie’s body suddenly twisted into a ball of meat.

A mournful wail sounded from the ball of meat.

“I’m sorry.”

Xiao Hai put the lock back together.

“The power of commandments! Isn’t this the power of the giant? Why can you use it?”

After Smoker Xie recovered, his face was filled with horror.

“That’s why I said that your judgment is wrong. Anyone can use this power, it’s just a matter of who has a deeper understanding of the commandments of this space! Therefore, its injury this time is a huge opportunity for us!”

Xiao Hai’s face flashed with a fanatic look.

Smoker Xie still wanted to say something, but Qin Yu quickly stopped him.

He knew that Xiao Hai must have deduced something. They must not disturb him at this time.

“It doesn’t matter who the controller is. What’s important is that we have to do something before he comes. Only then we can take the initiative when he returns.”

Xiao Hai narrowed his eyes and said.

“I think we still have some time. This giant’s power had heavily injured it, so it will be very cautious and won’t return here before it deduces the source of your power. The best deduction is that I can break free from that restriction. Now, we have to do two things. You go and find some of the existences here, and I’ll continue to deduce the Beech Wood Commandment and fight for more control.”

“You’re crazy! We don’t know how long the ancient living beings have been here! If we encounter the divine souls from before the Primordial Chaos stage, I’m afraid they can crush us to death with just a finger!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Smoker Xie’s body was trembling. He looked at Xiao Hai’s fanatical expression as if he was looking at a lunatic.

“No, even the Zenith Heaven Golden Immortals from the Primordial Chaos stage are controlled by the power of commandment after entering this place. According to my deduction, these Zenith Heaven Golden Immortals had committed suicide and lost their consciousness during this long period. Now, they have become existences like the living dead. Our target is the living beings from the Era of Annihilation. I have also obtained some information from my previous investigation. Qin Yu, you can directly search according to my range.”

Xiao Hai tapped Qin Yu’s forehead with his finger. A sea of information was transmitted into Qin Yu’s mind instantly.

“Okay!”

Qin Yu was also eager to try.

“Wait, don’t be anxious. If these sentient living beings exist, how can you be sure you can win? If they have also deduced the power of the beech wood, wouldn’t it be bad if we are suppressed instead?”

Smoker Xie felt that something was wrong.

They were hiding in the dust like ants a few days ago.

They were afraid that the giant would discover any traces of their existence, but now they were going to start dabbling in the living beings in the Investiture of Gods.

This huge change made him somewhat unable to believe it.

“You have to know that risks are opportunities. Everyone is on the same starting line now. Even if a living being became a god during the Era of Annihilation, the commandment will immediately suppress them once they break through some kind of limiting power here. Just like how I used the power of Heaven’s Sin before, the power of the beech commandment that covers all areas is unavoidable.”

“In other words, they have the same amount of time as us, which is the time when the Investiture of Gods is seriously injured. Moreover, we have a huge advantage, the remnant page of the Investiture of Gods. This remnant page can mobilize a part of the power in this space. If we don’t dare to try even now, it will be a waste of a huge opportunity.”

Qin Yu had also roughly guessed Xiao Hai’s intentions.

Now that the human race’s Path of Heavenly had declined, it was already very difficult for top-notch martial artists to be born.

If they could take advantage of the fact that the Investiture of Gods’ giant was seriously injured to recruit one or two living beings, it would probably help them in the future or to fight against the Heavenly Sin.

Qin Yu carefully read the information in his mind.

Soon, he locked onto the coordinates of the area that Xiao Hai had sent over. In an instant, a huge storm was set off.

Smoker Xie didn’t even have time to react when Qin Yu disappeared.

“As expected of the powers of creation. Even if I use my full strength, I can’t keep up with this speed by 10 to 20%.”

Xiao Hai exclaimed.

As the powers of creation were derived, a force appeared out of thin air and increased Qin Yu’s speed to the extreme.

This was the essential change in the peak power. The peak power of Qin Yu’s level increased his fundamental technique even more terrifyingly.

As Xiao Hai laughed, he entered a meditative state once again.

The beech wood space slowly twisted in front of him.

The power of the beech wood was changing at a speed visible to the naked eye with the superbrain’s help in the Investiture of Gods.

Smoker Xie was a little confused. He saw how they communicated and felt complicated.

As the two of them discussed, they were completely unguarded.

Even when Xiao Hai asked Qin Yu to do such a dangerous thing, Qin Yu felt it was very feasible.

This kind of brotherhood was rare in the cultivation world.

Smoker Xie could feel that they weren’t old because they didn’t know much about the Era of Annihilation.

In such a short time, he was envious of such a friendship.

“This isn’t going to be easy. The Alester family, the number one kulapati, and Chen Zhisha aren’t easy to deal with. Fortunately, they didn’t participate in the battle before. Otherwise, they would have died in a battle of that scale. It seems that there’s only one choice now.”

Lord Sui, who was dressed in a tight-fitting gray robe, muttered as he pointed at a point on the map.

“Lord Sui, that person is here. However, he is indeed worthy of the Divine Might Chasing Star’s holy body. I thought he would be defeated, but I didn’t expect him to defeat two leaders of the Guardian of Order. His strength has increased a lot by now.”

Lord Tang quickly told him all the information.

“Yes. The power of the Divine Might Chasing Star’s holy body is related to the Saint Kingdom. Of course, he has to increase his strength after obtaining the holy body of the Heart of Saint Kingdom. However, he’s just a brat. Capture him and force Qin brat out.”