Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2841: Death Like the Wind

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

“Auntie Jue Wu, I will protect you!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Chang Mang’s face revealed a resolute expression.

Bright red plants sprouted from the ground one after another. Soon, they bore flowers that were as red as blood. The petals opened and closed like a huge blood-red mouth eating something.

The entire stamen looked like a bleeding huge face. It looked extremely terrifying.

This flower was called Death and Decay because its appearance meant the decline of life.

Hong Luan stood high up in the Upper Dome.

She had once participated in the hunt for Qin Yu with Lord Tang and Gu Ying in the Endless Mine.

But in the end, they did not get anything. This time, she received another order.

She was sent to kill Chang Mang. Her face was filled with rage.

She had been unable to do anything to the heavily injured Chang Mang for the past two months, which made her extremely furious.

A huge flower petal lifted her a thousand meters in the air. She waved her hand.

Countless withered flowers slowly peeled off the roots.

Streaks of blood light with astonishing speed surrounded the entire space.

These petals suddenly became the sharpest weapon.

At this moment, every inconspicuous flower petal was smashing towards Chang Mang with tremendous force.

Countless deep wounds appeared on his body.

“Get lost!”

Heaven Suppression Pagoda, Heaven Punishing Palm!

Chang Mang’s expression was savage as he unleashed a palm strike that contained the destructive power.

A passage was created in the middle of the petals. The surrounding petals were burned into ashes.

“Too slow! Little brother!”

Hong Luan said with a smile as she fiercely pulled at the root of the Death and Decay Flower under her feet.

Chang Mang’s heaven-destroying palm missed.

As her fair palm danced, countless new Death and Decay Flowers were born.

A petal streaked across Jue Wu’s face, causing blood to splatter.

“You’re f*cking courting death!”

Chang Mang roared.

At this moment, his body emitted a resplendent light as the five Boundless Hearts of Saint Kingdom lit up within his body.

After Qin Yu gave him a Boundless, he killed two more leaders of the Guardian of Order.

In addition to his collection, Chang Mang now had five Boundless Hearts of Saint Kingdom.

Forty-five Hearts of Saint Kingdom formed a cycle in the corresponding learning apertures in his body.

In an instant, Chang Mang seemed to be able to sense more than half of the Dao Mystical Saint Kingdom.

He had a misconception that this Dao Mystical Saint Kingdom was him, and he was also the Saint Kingdom.

“Lend me your strength! Saint Kingdom!”

Kacha!

Chang Mang’s body was covered in blood. His heavily injured body once again bore the weight of the Saint Kingdom’s power.

It was no less than a huge shock. At this moment, he revealed a ferocious smile.

For some reason, Hong Luan’s heart trembled when she saw Chang Mang’s smile.

She subconsciously moved her palm and all her strength exploded.

A dead space suddenly formed between her and Qin Yu.

Wind Step!

Chang Mang’s legs bent slightly as pure power burst forth.

He passed through the dead space like a lightning bolt, ignoring the petals that could seriously injure him.

Die!

In the next moment, his face covered in blood appeared in front of Hong Luan.

Heaven Suppressing Pagoda! Heaven Punishing Palm!

The full-powered palm which contained the power of Saint Kingdom landed directly on Hong Luan’s chest. Her entire body turned into a bloody mist. She couldn’t even make a sound of struggle.

“Death like the wind, always accompanying me.”

Chang Mang did not forget to act cool.

“Is your head filled with shit? Why are you still acting cool at this time? Hurry up and run!”

Jue Wu angril hit him.

She adjusted her posture and wrapped her arms around Chang Mang’s neck.

This way, she could affect Chang Mang to the least extent. She could also barely grab him with both her hands.

“Okay!”

Chang Mang chuckled.

The two of them began to hurry on their way again.

However, Chang Mang had exhausted after drawing the power of Saint Kingdom into his body.

He staggered and almost fell to the ground a few times. His speed became slower and slower as he walked.

He and Jue Wu were like two flickering candles, constantly escaping from the pursuit of many people.

“It’s here, brat! Stop!”

Jue Wu fiercely scratched Chang Mang’s ear.

“Alright.”

At this moment, Chang Mang’s body seemed to be moving instinctively. After hearing Jue Wu’s words, his body fell straight to the ground.

Jue Wu sighed lightly. A hint of determination flashed across her face.

As she forcefully condensed the last drop of blood essence, the surrounding phoenix spirits began to gather here.

One after another, loud phoenix cries sounded in this area.

As these phoenixes danced, it was as if they were dancing a poignant and beautiful dance.

After doing all of this, Jue Wu’s body seemed to have turned illusory.

Dozens of people rushed into the formation.

These few people who had awakened their peak power instantly emitted a bright flame.

Their bodies were like volcanoes that were about to erupt. With a loud phoenix cry, their bodies instantly exploded.

“It’s indeed the Divine Phoenix Race. Shouldn’t this race be extinct long ago? Many people have come to Mount Wutong to search for treasures, but nothing like this has ever happened.”

A figure stood quietly in the air in the distance. He had a curious expression.

This person was the final higher-up of the Guardian of Order. The Guardian of Order appeared to be led by the four outsider leaders.

However, he was the one who had summoned the four of them. Shangguan Siming would never show his face.

If the true body of a Saint had not appeared in this Saint Kingdom, he wouldn’t have come forward.

“Looks like there’s something strange about the other person besides this child. She should be the one who triggered the divine phoenix spirit. However, it seems like she hasn’t been recognized by these phoenix spirits yet. Otherwise, even I might have to retreat.”

Shangguan Siming’s face showed a hint of fanaticism.

The Divine Phoenix Race was a legendary living being.

Back then, they had followed the strongest human race to resist the Path of Heaven. Even though they had suffered the backlash of the Path of Heaven, they still retained their souls.

One could imagine how powerful this race was. Shangguan Siming was probably the first to arrive here.

“It was really strange! The Heavenly Sin, the Investiture of Gods, and the Divine Phoenix Race are all powerful forces that should have entered the dust of history.

Why did they appear in this Saint Kingdom during this period? Could this be the turning point of an epoch?”

Shangguan Siming looked confused and began to walk forward.

His slow pace seemed to be extremely fast.

His body slowly retreated in a strange posture. The shadow seemed to be an illusion in the void.

In an instant, he clenched his hand. The sky near his palm formed a golden spear.