Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2844: Senior Wu Ji

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Jue Wu was the same. Her previous strength was not recognized by the Divine Phoenix Race at all.

But this time, they acknowledged her will to transcend life and death on the ancient battlefield.

At this moment, the consciousness of the phoenix spirits that had long fallen saw a possibility.

They entrusted their power to this weak human. At this moment, the souls of these phoenix spirits reconstructed Jue Wu’s body.

Jue Wu’s internal qi rose steadily as countless phoenix spirits entered her body.

The sound of the wind reverberated throughout the entire Saint World.

That voice passed through the plane shackles, the Saint World, and entered all parts of the divine territory.

It was a sorrowful cry. The Divine Phoenix Race would no longer exist after today.

“When an entire race is destroyed, everything will be reborn. Why do they have to do this? Everything is destined. Is it worth to bet all the races on a non-existent spark?”

Chen Zhisha muttered.

Streaks of dreamy light slowly rose into the sky, forming streaks of rainbow light in the sky of the Dao Mystical Saint Kingdom.

It was the complete fall of the Divine Phoenix Race and the last will of the race rose to the sky.

“Thank you. I swear once again that in the name of the Divine Phoenix Race’s will, I will one day restore the bloodline of this race and make you stand at the peak of the race.”

Shangguan Siming’s face turned ugly. Everything had gone beyond his expectations.

Originally, he had determined not to cause any more trouble by killing two people in one strike.

However, he did not expect this attack would help them.

“These two people seem to be outsiders from the lower realm. Just what kind of place is that?”

Shangguan Siming sighed as a native.

As the person who had lived the longest in this area, he naturally understood how rare it was to obtain the Divine Might Chasing Star holy body and the inheritance of the Divine Phoenix Race.

This required a firm will that transcended life and death. Only a few true successors of the Divine Might Chasing Star had appeared in this Saint Kingdom for an unknown period.

Not to mention the Divine Phoenix Race had been waiting for the inheritance. At this moment, he could only sigh.

He saw two of such amazing figures at once.

“It’s just a pity that if there is enough time, perhaps you can witness the transformation of the Path of Heaven in this era. It’s a pity that you don’t have the time.”

Shangguan Siming muttered to himself.

At this moment, the sky that was originally filled with multicolored light suddenly turned pitch-black.

An extremely oppressive energy enveloped the entire sky.

At that moment, a terrifying Holy Power descended.

It completely covered their internal qi in an extremely short time. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The air was instantly filled with a layer of terrifying poisonous fog. As the poisonous fog rolled, it seemed to be melting the space.

A hunchbacked figure slowly walked out from within.

It was Emerald Serpent Witch, one of the demon race’s Saint among the 18 Saints.

At this moment, she looked like an old lady in the human world, holding a flying snake walking stick in her hand.

Two poisonous snakes, Trimeresurus hung from her big ears. Her poisonous fog could even change the climate of the entire Saint Kingdom.

The entire Saint Kingdom suddenly began to rain poison.

As the rain fell, the flowers withered and the trees were destroyed.

Countless living beings were corroded and melted by the raindrops.

This was the Holy Power of Emerald Serpent Witch, the demon Saint.

Although there was no expression on her wrinkled face, anyone could feel her monstrous anger.

“Qin Yu, since you killed my children in this Saint Kingdom, I will slaughter everyone related to you.”

Latent Shadow Snake Hand.

The Emerald Serpent Witch stretched out her skinny arm.

In an instant, countless snake shadows covered the sky.

These snake shadows surrounded Chang Mang and Jue Wu.

Even if they did their best, they could not resist this power.

Even the phoenix flames that filled the sky could not stop the giant snake from constantly surging out.

These giant snakes seemed to be crawling out of the void.

Every single one was undying and indestructible.

Even if Jue Wu used all her strength to activate the phoenix fire, new giant snakes shed their shells and came out again after being burned to ashes.

Countless snake shadows surrounded the entire space as if they wanted to twist the space into a hemp rope.

Even though the two of them used all their strength, they still could not escape.

Although they had a geographical advantage, they had no way to break free.

This was a huge difference in strength, which was many times greater than the difference between them and Shangguan Siming.

Was this what a Saint was?

Chang Mang smiled bitterly.

He clenched his fist and slowly released it.

He would do his best even if there was a glimmer of false hope.

However, he and Jue Wu felt a deep sense of despair under the huge gap.

They felt despair.

The Emerald Serpent Witch’s emerald green snake eyes slowly closed. The snake shadows that filled the sky instantly drowned the two of them.

Boom!

Emerald Serpent Witch’s body suddenly retreated as countless giant pythons surrounded her.

At this moment, her expression was filled with an indescribable distortion.

The snake shadows surrounding Chang Mang and Jue Wu were now reduced to ashes.

That burst of power just now made her feel like she was about to die.

Chen Zhisha slowly appeared beside the Emerald Serpent Witch. He stretched out his hand to feel the power.

This was the first time he had a serious expression on his face. He was unfamiliar with this destructive power.

It was as if he had never felt this power in the Path of Heaven.

Just like the Emerald Serpent Witch, this power made him feel an extreme sense of danger for the first time.

He pondered for a long time on the spot. Suddenly, an unbelievable piece of information slowly appeared in his mind.

“Wu Ji? The power of annihilation.”

While Chang Mang and Jue Wu were still in a daze, they had already appeared in a space.

Then, that person threw the two of them on the ground. He didn’t want to talk.

“Qin Yu! D*mn! Why are you here?”

Chang Mang’s mind was also in shock for a few seconds before he finally noticed Qin Yu.

“Xiao Hai? Qin Yu?”

Jue Wu was also confused.

The change was too great. They looked at each other for a long time before they accepted the situation.

“F*ck! You have such a terrifying subordinate. He can disintegrate the power of a Saint with a single strike. With such an existence, won’t we be able to do whatever we want here?”

Chang Mang laughed loudly. He walked to Qin Yu’s side and patted his shoulder.

“Which dog eyes of yours think this person is my subordinate?”

The loud voice made Qin Yu tremble in fear. He hurriedly kicked Chang Mang away.

“Shut up, all of you! I’ll ask you one question at a time.”