Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2846: The Land

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Wu Ji looked up at the sky and sighed.

That sigh sounded like Jiang Shengling’s righteous qi and helplessness when he asked for the heavens.

“Do what you can do. Those invisible games will only cause you more trouble.”

Just as Qin Yu was about to leave, he heard Wu Ji’s leisurely voice.

Qin Yu’s heart was a little cold. What exactly did Wu Ji see that would make this invincible person in such a desolate manner?

“Perhaps it’s time to travel to the lower realm.”

Wu Ji said softly. After he finished speaking, he disappeared in front of Qin Yu.

“Brother Xiao Hai, Senior Wu Ji seems to want me to go to the lower realm, but he didn’t say much about the specific reason. If I want to go to the lower realm, what do I need to do?”

Before the final battle of the Holy Region, he did not know about the existence of the Immortal Crane, Chen Shuang, and the others.

However, after coming to the Saint World, he realized these people were just avatars in the lower realm.

Moreover, it seemed that they had to borrow the power of the Saint Kingdom to condense that clone.

“According to my current understanding, there are two ways to go to the lower realm. One is to borrow the power of the Saint Kingdom to form an avatar, and the other is the power of projection. However, even a Saint can’t use Dimensional Projection easily to project from the Saint World to the lower realm. Moreover, the power that can be used is probably less than one per ten thousand.”

Xiao Hai said in a deep voice. These two methods were not suitable for the current Qin Yu.

He pondered for a long time but he could not figure out Wu Ji’s intention.

“No matter what, I have to leave the Investiture of Gods’ space and take a walk around the Dao Mystical Saint Kingdom. I have some things to deal with first. Besides, after I awaken the power of the peak, the following accumulation is actually not very useful to me after reaching the Holy Consciousness.”

Qin Yu finally decided to go out and take a look first.

“Alright. Try to find the remnant pages if possible. Only by combining these pages can we further increase our strength against the giant.”

Xiao Hai nodded.

“I will wait here for Chang Mang and Jue Wu to wake up before making further plans.”

“Alright, Brother Xiao Hai. I’ll leave this incomplete page of the Investiture of Gods with you for now!”

A drop of blood essence slowly appeared between Qin Yu’s brows and entered Xiao Hai’s body.

Qin Yu’s divine soul had already fused with the Investiture of Gods’s remnant page back in the Treasures Continent, so he had to leave a mark to help Xiao Hai fully activate the power.

After a long time, Qin Yu appeared on the Nine Nether Cliff again.

At this moment, the entire landscape of the Eight Desolates Beast Domain had completely changed. It was a new world remolded by the destructive power.

He wondered how Fatty Situ and Luo Xueyi were doing.

He accepted the Buddhist Sect bracelet and accepted the karma. He attacked because of Luo Xueyi in the Eight Desolates Beast Domain.

But in the end, he didn’t know if Luo Xueyi survived.

There was also Fatty Situ. It was unknown whether he had survived the battle or not.

From the first time they met in the Heavenly Sin, Qin Yu had already treated Fatty Situ as his brother.

Fatty Situ had also given him the incomplete page of the Investiture of Gods without hesitation.

“Oh right, Taoist Priest Cang Yunzi!”

Qin Yu frowned because did not know where to start. His eyes lit up when he thought of the Daoist Priest in Lingxu City.

In this Saint Kingdom, no one knew all the information better than Taoist Priest Cang Yunzi.

Qin Yu slowly floated into the air. His line of sight passed through layers of space.

It landed on the extremely distant Lingxu City.

Even if he took Jiang Shengling’s ancient ship from the Divine Realm, it would probably take him nearly half a month to reach this place.

A wave of power erupted from Qin Yu’s body as he walked.

He slowly disappeared into the void. When he reappeared, he had already arrived at the familiar city.

The river turned into a land! It was the powers of creation.

Qin Yu forcefully used his powers of creation to open up a passage in the terrifying void storm.

He almost fell to the ground when he landed.

This kind of creation from nothing almost instantly exhausted all of his strength.

“What a terrifying consumption! The accumulation of my peak power is still not enough.”

Qin Yu smiled bitterly and entered the city.

This place was still bustling with activity and filled with the aura of the streets.

After a few years, this place was still the first choice for many people to search for treasures.

The land of myriad tombs outside Lingxu City still stood there as if it was the same as a thousand years ago.

“Taoist Priest, I have something to ask.”

Qin Yu arrived at the old Taoist’s residence and went straight to the point.

“Long time no see, my friend. It seems that you have broken through that shackle. I can sense the internal qi of the peak power from you.”

Cang Yunzi bowed and said in surprise.

Qin Yu’s previous cultivation technique was too messy.

Although he displayed strong ability, Cang Yunzi still believed it was almost impossible for him to awaken the peak power.

He did not expect Qin Yu to break through the most difficult barrier on the path of cultivation in a short period.

Although many people knew about the battle in the Eight Desolates Beast Domain, no one knew the exact details. Almost no one survived that kind of power.

Cang Yunzi also felt that Qin Yu was lucky not to be involved in that war.

“Qin Yu, feel free to tell me if you need any help.”

“Taoist Priest, do you have any news about Fatty Situ and Luo Xueyi?”

“Luo Xueyi? Is she the girl who was involved in the battle in the Eight Desolates Beast Domain?”

He was familiar with Fatty Situ but not Luo Xueyi.

“Yes, it’s her! Does Taoist Priest have any news about her?”

Qin Yu was overjoyed. Could he get the information about Luo Xueyi here?

“I really don’t know before that war, but she was one of the two survivors in the Eight Desolates Beast Domain. One is Fatty Situ, and the other is Luo Xueyi. That’s why I noticed her.”

Cang Yunzi said with a smile.

“They are in the Burial Heaven Cave, the cave with the most God Slayers. Not only that, but the Alester family and the number one kulapati have also entered this area during this period. That is also the most dangerous place in the Dao Mystical Saint Kingdom. Countless peak power cultivators have died here. Even a Holy Consciousness top-notch martial artist died here a thousand years ago.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Cang Yunzi said seriously.

Qin Yu frowned slightly. A Holy Consciousness cultivator was already close to the level of Saint Supreme.

Even the Dao Mystical Saint Chen Shuang was helpless against the three great Holy Consciousness experts of the Dao Mystical Saint Kingdom. One could imagine how powerful their strength was after reaching the realm of Holy Consciousness.