Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2850: Indescribable Creature

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

It was the pressure of this world that was like the sea. This place was wrapped in layers of dark clouds like ten-thousand-year-old ice.

Even Qin Yu’s divine sense could not penetrate it in the slightest.

As expected. Could Saint Power not pass through here?

Qin Yu stretched out a finger, but he could not activate any Saint Power.

In other words, he could not replenish his energy here.

One had to know that Saint Power was the energy that filled the Saint World. Even the void of the universe was filled with this kind of energy.

However, the Burial Heaven Cave area could actually isolate this power. This could not help but make people very surprised.

Moreover, the power of the Burial Heaven Cave had already passed through his body when he stepped into the place and connected with him layer by layer.

In other words, his every move was closely related to the Burial Heaven Cave.

If something happened here, he would be directly affected.

The power of commandments.

Qin Yu felt it for a long time. This power was similar to the commandment in the Investiture of Gods.

Although they were two different powers, they were both difficult to contend against.

Now that he was there personally, Qin Yu discovered how terrifying this area was.

Divine Embryo You walked inside as if he was familiar with this area.

Qin Yu hesitated for a moment before following behind.

This place seemed to be a winter constructed from sand and stones. His power of divine sense spread but he did not find any traces of life.

There was not a single plant even on this huge ground.

Absolute death. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Such places were often extremely dangerous.

Moreover, it was filled with many emotions, despair, greed, and the smell of blood.

He walked to a place in the air and stabbed his sword into a slightly raised dune.

He closed his eyes and began to cultivate. That power entered his body.

“So that is the case. This power should be a great tonic for the evil Spiritual Energy Sword in the foreign world. No wonder he wants to come here.”

Qin Yu looked at Ling Kong. However, his foreign world only opened up a slight entrance. It seemed to be suppressed by the Power of Ancients here.

Divine Embryo You walked slowly in front of him, seemingly very familiar with this place.

Qin Yu did not continue to follow. This guy’s behavior was too strange.

Moreover, he said he landed here after he fell from the Divine Realm to the Saint World.

He had the advantage here. If he had any thoughts about Qin Yu, it would be a big problem.

Qin Yu frowned slightly. Everything here was too quiet.

According to the information, there should be quite many people here.

However, why did he not sense any internal qi under the coverage of his divine sense?

Something was strange.

Qin Yu stopped in his tracks.

The powers of creation spread out from the deathly stillness in a step.

Traces of peak power spread throughout the entire Burial Heaven Cave in a short moment.

The internal qi fed back to Qin Yu was different from what his divine sense had detected.

Qin Yu was a little shocked. This place could silently change the power of his divine sense feedback.

In other words, he was already surrounded by the power here when he released his divine sense.

When divine sense returned, it was already an illusion. He could not know the real situation.

His powers of creation swam deep underground before he discovered this change.

Otherwise, he might have lingered here until he died and still could not detect the true appearance of this place.

What kind of place was this? There were so many bones here.

Qin Yu absorbed the internal qi from tens of thousands of meters underground. As the creation qi flowed, he could sense countless divine souls that had long died. There were so many of them that he had never seen them in Heavenly Sin.

Qin Yu continued to walk forward slowly. At this moment, his peak power could only cover an area.

It would be very strenuous to continue extending, so his body had to move.

“Try not to use the peak power too far away, or the consumption will increase sharply.”

Moreover, the recovery speed of the peak power here seemed to have been suppressed. There was probably no time to recover.

With a thought, Qin Yu compressed the internal qi of the powers of creation within a range of 200 meters to save his strength to the greatest extent.

During this half a day’s journey, he discovered the internal qi of some living beings.

Some of them even had the bloodline of the Alester family. The other living beings also had a powerful internal qi of the peak power.

As expected, those who could live here were all powerful creatures.

What was that?

Qin Yu suddenly stopped. This was the first time he had seen a battle between living creatures since he entered this place.

One of them should be of the Alester family’s bloodline. His light blue hair was very eye-catching.

At this moment, he was fighting with another living being. They seemed to have been fighting for a long time. The ground was covered in bright red blood.

The other creature had smooth, gray skin. Its entire body seemed to be one.

If not for Qin Yu’s powers of creation, he would probably think this was just a stone statue.

The most eye-catching thing was its nearly 20-centimeter-long nails. The sharpness of its nails made people feel extremely pressured.

Moreover, there was no feedback when Qin Yu’s power of creation passed through its body.

It was as if it was a part of this world.

Qin Yu frowned slightly and continued to analyze the information within. At this moment, changes occurred again.

The two of them attacked again after a short confrontation.

Die!

As the sword descended, a terrifying sword intent struck the living being from all directions like a rainbow.

Although Qin Yu was suppressed by the power here, he could still feel that terrifying sword intent.

“What a terrifying sword intent! As expected of the bloodline of the Alester family. This power is probably at the peak of level 12. Moreover, this sword intent has been accumulating for a long time. He should be an old expert in the family.”

Boom!

A shockwave spread out from the ground. It was as if the circular ripples were produced when a blanket was stirred.

This huge force collided with the sword’s intent and offset nearly half of it.

Then, the power landed on its body. A few extremely deep sword marks appeared on its body.

What a terrifying physical strength! It did not even use its peak strength.

It completely negated the power of the sword attack of Alester with the strength of its body and explosive power.

At this moment, it was slowly floating in the air. Then, it casually picked up a handful of sand and gravel on the ground and wiped it on its body.

The sword mark that should have been fatal was wiped out just like that.

This change stunned Qin Yu. What kind of monster was this?

How could they fight? Qin Yu finally understood the reason for the injuries on the Alester’s people.