Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2851: The Dancing God Village Chief

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Moreover, Qin Yu also discovered this living being didn’t have any shadow under the faint reflection in the Burial Heaven Cave.

Just like what his powers of creation had detected, it was like a non-existent living being. He could not sense any life internal qi within.

Boom!

The terrifying shockwave once again exploded in front of the blue-haired swordsman. It even bent the extraordinary weapon.

The tip of the sword pierced into the forehead of Alester, and dazzling blood seeped out.

An exaggerated shockwave exploded, sending him flying for an unknown distance.

Terrifying power raged out. The living being that the blue-haired swordsman was facing launched a storm-like attack.

Its small body seemed to contain endless power.

In a short time, the two had already exchanged thousands of blows.

The blue-haired swordsman fell to the ground unwillingly and crushed the living being’s head.

Then, its body slowly merged into the dune.

Even if Qin Yu used powers of creation, he was also unable to find the slightest trace of it.

It was as if it had disappeared from this world.

Qin Yu suddenly felt a chill run down his spine. This disappeared living being was somewhat similar to Divine Embryo You.

Their expressions were shockingly identical.

Could some kind of connection be between them? Or was it that Life Aura living being just now?

It might be a connate numinous treasure, just like the Divine Embryo You.

This also indirectly confirmed that he could not sense any Life Aura.

Suddenly, Qin Yu’s expression changed.

The space in front of him directly crushed the power of the Nine Heavens Manifestations Gaze into pieces.

“This power is comparable to that of a general. What a terrifying human!”

Divine Embryo You stuck its head out and said expressionlessly.

“What is it?”

A dangerous look flashed across Qin Yu’s face.

It was only when Divine Embryo You was within 100 meters of Qin Yu before he discovered him.

One had to know that his powers of creation had already covered nearly 200 meters.

However, this divine embryo had easily crossed nearly half of the range.

“Let me introduce you to our team.”

Divine Embryo You tilted his head.

“Ding Ning, Liu Bai, Mike.”

Three figures slowly appeared nearby. Qin Yu’s back suddenly broke out in a fine cold sweat.

“It’s you!”

Liu Bai raised his eyebrows and looked surprised.

It was indeed difficult to hide the shock in his expression. He smelled an unfathomable peak power from Qin Yu.

One had to know that Qin Yu’s cultivation method was very messy. According to his judgment, Qin Yu was most likely unable to cross the threshold of level nine. However, Qin Yu had broken through his understanding. This made him take Qin Yu seriously for the first time.

“Senior.”

Qin Yu cupped his fists at him.

He turned to look at another person. Suddenly, a message woke up in his sea of consciousness.

Ding Ning, the fourth most powerful swordsman in the Saint World.

He had once visited the Situ family. Previously, Ye Kai had stayed in the Situ family because of this person.

In the battle of the Treasures Continent, Ding Yu had injured the Shadowless Divine Hand Saint, Jue Chen, with a single strike. After that, he retreated unscathed after the Situ family was destroyed.

Even Qin Yu’s divine sense seemed to be unable to get close to his body.

This was a true expert of the sword, almost on the same level as Liu Bai!

Qin Yu was shocked. This person should not be old.

His realm should belong to Dao Consciosuness, and his aura of peak power had not accumulated to the realm of Holy Consciosuness.

However, he could injure Jue Chen with a single slash in the battle of the Treasure Continent. This kind of strength could already be considered to be fighting above his level.

Only those with extraordinary talent could do this.

When Ding Ning opened his eyes, an extremely powerful saber intent descended.

Countless scratches were carved into the sand around Qin Yu.

Even the sky was covered with countless burning knife marks.

There was such a terrifying saber intent with just a thought.

Qin Yu took a step forward. Powers of creation was like a floating shadow of multicolored light.

Wherever it passed, all the saber intent was smoothed out.

Ding Ning’s pupils constricted. He had already acknowledged Qin Yu’s strength in this probing exchange.

“Ding Ning.”

He stretched out his calloused hand.

“Qin Yu.”

Qin Yu said with a smile.

They were competing.

At this moment, a piece of rhythmic non-mainstream music suddenly came out.

A person slid across the ground and brought up a large cloud of dust.

One of them came to the crowd with a wretched dance.

“Village Chief! Why are you here?”

Qin Yu’s pupils suddenly froze when he saw the shamate’s body.

“Brother Qin Yu, why are you here?”

A little boy poked his head out.

Hongyu!

Qin Yu’s mind suddenly went blank. What was going on?

These two people were in the first place Qin Yu went to after entering the Dao Mystical Saint Kingdom.

He had met the village chief and the little boy once there.

While Qin Yu and the others were conversing, they did not notice the solemn expressions on Liu Bai and Ding Ning’s faces.

“Thank you for giving me the Orderless ‘seed’. That’s an incredible power.”

The village chief revealed a strange smile.

They were the natives of this world. Their positions were also to test those who had the mark on them.

According to the rules, they would never be able to leave that place.

Even if the entire world was destroyed, they would not be able to leave. This was their fate.

It was just like the Demon Sealing Valley. The living beings there cried out to escape from where they were trapped.

But at that time, Qin Yu had obtained the Orderless ‘seed’. He had given it to the village chief. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Village chief, this isn’t right either. The power of the seed was very weak at that time. How did it allow you to break through the Heaven Ascension Body and come to this core region?”

Qin Yu still did not understand.

For example, the chaotic land they were in was created by the Saint Kingdom to test those who entered.

The power was born from heaven and earth. Even the Saints could not interfere.

He had once wanted to return to that place, but an extremely strong force had blocked him. In other words, this place had powerful order power. Could he break through this order with just a seed?

“Sometimes, all you need is a flame. A single spark can also start a prairie fire. Perhaps this world did not expect that someone would hand over the precious power of a seed to a native living being. Hahaha!”

The village chief laughed like a fool.

“Brother Qin Yu, don’t be afraid. The village chief doesn’t seem reliable, but he is still powerful. He will protect us.”

Little Hong Yu hugged Qin Yu’s thigh. Brother Qin Yu had protected him before.

It was rare to see him again. He was afraid that Qin Yu would suddenly run away again.