Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2854: Out-of-control Primal Chaos Flame

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Eyes, ears, nose, tongue, body, mind.

These were the six sense organs that all living beings had.

Qin Yu’s nose and tongue moved slowly.

A sour, sweet, bitter, and spicy feeling floated onto Qin Yu’s tongue.

It was as if there was a condiment in the air.

Qin Yu felt as if he was at a barbecue festival on Earth. At this moment, he could smell many different smells.

At this moment, countless scenes overlapped in front of him.

However, this scene was not an illusion. It was the combination of the scene that Qin Yu saw from afar and the scene that he observed nearby.

Eyes, ears, nose, tongue, body, mind.

The power of the six sense organs was the foundation a living being relied on in battle.

Even the most basic life of ordinary people could not escape these six sense organs.

This aurora power completely reversed the entanglement of these six sense organs.

Qin Yu’s path in the air was like a drunken one.

What a terrifying power!

Qin Yu’s expression was aghast. Under such power, most people might not even be able to move normally.

Qin Yu shuddered just thinking about the possibility a battle broke out at this moment.

No wonder this place was marked as the most dangerous in the Dao Mystical Saint Kingdom.

The aurora and the ghost fog.

The two types of Power of the Ancients slowly condensed in the air and then entangled together.

These two types of Power of the Ancients belonged to the Burial Heaven Cave poured out.

What shocked Qin Yu was that a huge energy fluctuation was like boiling water, emitting scorching airwaves. However, he could not sense the exact location.

Qin Yu’s soul power and eyes were completely useless.

Instead, the countless messy pieces of information made his judgment confused.

The strength of six sense organs should have been the greatest barrier to his combat strength.

However, it had contributed to the Power of the Ancients to restrict the true body.

The energy in the sky fluctuated like a tide but Qin Yu felt a sense of security.

This kind of contrast caused Qin Yu to feel a chill run down his spine. This must be a deception to the sixth sense organs. If he believed this intuition, disaster would befall him.

Powers of Creation!

Qin Yu stomped down. A layer of golden lightning spider web exploded under Qin Yu.

The golden lightning spread to all parts of the ground. Countless real information was fed back to Qin Yu’s body.

The powers of creation were already the summit of the peak power.

This power came from Qin Yu’s body. Even the eruption of this Power of the Ancients could not stop Qin Yu’s probing.

In an instant, Qin Yu’s expression changed drastically.

Hundreds of generals seemed to have appeared in the Burial Heaven Cave.

These zombies were like seeds that slowly appeared after the Power of the Ancients erupted. This number was simply enough to make one’s scalp tingle.

Suddenly, everything before Qin Yu’s eyes turned pitch black. The boundless ghost fog had already formed layers upon layers above him unknowingly.

A streak of aurora descended as the ghost fog interweaved, shining right in front of Qin Yu.

That ray of light was like a brilliant spider web, throwing a general down from the sky.

Countless cracks suddenly appeared in front of Qin Yu. Fire-like explosive energy surged within the cracks.

A wave of air exploded behind him. A simple knee hit Qin Yu’s chest.

Qin Yu’s expression was dull, The Night Qi circulated within his injuries.

The Three-eyed Crow flew up from his body.

Boom!

The Night Qi was compressed extremely flat like a soap bubble slowly pressing down.

The general slapped its palm on the Night Qi. The terrifying power even ignited the ground.

The terrifying coupled with the Power of the Ancients.

It actually broke Qin Yu’s Dream Qi.

What a terrifying power!

A silver qi energy burst out from Qin Yu’s palm.

The Milky Way Holy Body’s skeleton emitted the strongest holy energy like a silver sun exploding.

In an instant, it gathered in his palm and collided with the general’s palm.

The golden lightning exploded in front of Qin Yu. Threads of spiderweb-like power returned to Qin Yu’s body.

Pa!

The crisp sound of bones breaking rang out in his sea of consciousness. Everything in front of him began to slow down by ten thousand times.

Qin Yu saw his palm burning with bone-corroding flames.

The flames that erupted from the terrifying force instantly devoured his palm. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Oh no!

Qin Yu’s expression changed drastically.

His Milky Way Holy Body’s power had yet to be unleashed. All his senses had been disrupted by the aurora.

His body was not prepared at all.

This power would probably turn him into ashes.

Tick!

A crisp sound dripped down. Every pore of Qin Yu emitted terrifying steam.

At this moment, he released the seal of the Primal Chaos Flame.

He did not dare to be careless at all. He used the power of creation to cover the Cold Dew of Heaven and Earth.

“Primal Chaos Flame, release it with all your might.”

The sea of flames burst. It was as if a volcano had erupted within a thousand meters of Qin Yu.

The terrifying Qi energy formed a huge mushroom cloud. The Primal Chaos Flame instantly turned the area into a vacuum.

The wind in the entire Burial Heaven Cave suddenly became violent. Under the influence of Qin Yu, the airflow underwent a huge change.

An expressionless face slowly squeezed out in the flames.

The Primal Chaos Flame burnt to the sky was extinguished by 30% in that instant amidst the terrifying impact.

A huge force suppressed the flames that filled the sky.

A ball-like giant ball of fire was forcefully squeezed out of the sea of fire in front of him.

It was the general’s fist.

The power of one punch almost tore through the Primal Chaos Flame’s sea of fire.

As the huge flame bag slowly melted, a trace of the God Source and a barely visible drop of Cold Dew of Heaven and Earth appeared in Qin Yu’s palm.

What a terrifying power!

Even a level 13 expert would probably not be able to get any benefit when this power was combined with the Power of the Ancients.

Qin Yu’s expression was serious. If there had been a single mishap in the exchange just now, he would probably have directly turned into ashes.

The purple Dream Qi wrapped around Qin Yu’s palm and transferred the fatal injury on his palm into the passageway.

Pa! Pa!

The sea of fire spread out again. The collision between the flames caused thousands of explosions in a short time.

A hundred fireballs that looked like the sun were in the center of the flames.

Each fireball was like a bomb that had been condensed to the extreme, ready to explode at any moment.

In just a few seconds, the flames even burned the air.

It was as if it wanted to fuse everything here.

Oh no!

Qin Yu’s expression changed drastically. He had just completely unsealed the Cold Dew of Heaven and Earth.

At this moment, it seemed that the Primal Chaos Flame was already showing signs of losing control. Qin Yu flicked his index finger.

Qin Yu flicked that drop of Cold Dew of Heaven and Earth into the flames.