Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2858: Two Attacks from the Otherworld

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

It was also the end of the Eternal Night, the ultimate power of the black hole.

The kingdom constructed by the black hole was blasted into existence.

At the instant the Eternal Darkness Kingdom exploded, an invisible shockwave swept over everyone.

Its speed surpassed the speed of light, swallowing all the light rays in an instant.

A dark space formed around the Eternal Kingdom.

Even the most intense light could not penetrate this space. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

All the light, air, and dust were sucked in instantly, unable to escape this kingdom.

Even time was momentarily distorted. Some kind of fluctuation appeared in the river of time.

For a brief moment, an unnoticeable gap appeared in the river of time.

Although it was an insignificant existence, it was almost as if it had severed the history of the river of time.

“Level-15 strength, this guy is truly remarkable,” Immortal Crane remarked with a smile.

With a wave of his hand, he pulled back all the demon race around him. At that moment, Xiao Sheng had already turned and disappeared.

Above the Burial Heaven Cave, a tiny crack appeared.

This was the first time such a phenomenon had occurred in the Burial Heaven Cave since ancient times.

“King, this person will surely become a great enemy of the demon race in the future. Shouldn’t we take this opportunity to kill him here?” Black Tortoise hesitated for a moment before speaking.

“Who do you think I am?” Immortal Crane replied with a faint smile.

Black Tortoise’s expression changed drastically. He had momentarily forgotten about the King of the Demon who had appeared out of thin air.

Even among the 18 Saint-Level beings, he was one of the best.

He was a genuine genius, but as he said, if it weren’t for the fact that the entire demon race was behind him…

Perhaps he would have acted differently. Black Tortoise suddenly knelt on the ground, beads of sweat seeping from his face.

“Why would I be interested in such ridiculous words?” Immortal Crane said, looking at Xiao Sheng with admiration.

Inside the Burial Heaven Cave, Qin Yu’s body was already covered in injuries.

He had five strands of God Source and four Absolute Beginning Life Stones.

Although these injuries were not fatal, they were particularly terrifying in the Burial Heaven Cave, where nothing could be replenished.

The most critical issue was that the power of the God Source and the Absolute Beginning Life Stones couldn’t be concealed. Even in the other space of the Qian Kun Bag, this power could not be hidden.

As a result, Qin Yu had also become the target of the living beings here. He was now facing not just generals.

There were also many others eyeing him covetously. These God Sources and Absolute Beginning Life Stones might have taken nearly a thousand years to collect.

With such immense wealth right before them, any living creature would be tempted.

When such a terrifying opportunity arose, it would make everyone boil with excitement.

Not only Qin Yu but even veteran experts like Liu Bai and Ding Ning were also subjected to frenzied attacks.

With such a chance to become stronger, even if there was only a sliver of hope, these living beings would attack without hesitation.

At this moment, Qin Yu no longer dared to easily use his peak power. He currently had less than 20% of his powers of creation left. This was already a very dangerous situation. The remaining powers of creation could only be used in desperate situations.

Twist!

Three generals suddenly descended from the ghost fog.

When Qin Yu noticed them, three ice-cold arms had already formed an airtight cage.

Qin Yu could vaguely sense the terrifying power contained in those arms. The blood vessels on the surface of his body instantly ruptured, and blood mist spewed from his body.

In the next moment, the general’s physical strength erupted.

As the terrifying power joined forces to kill, it triggered a spatial storm, turning the entire space into dust.

At the instant the storm engulfed Qin Yu, a sharp blade of death flashed past.

It was Dance of Death.

The huge scythe swept up a storm of death, and the bodies of the three generals were turned into minced meat.

Two strands of God Source and one Absolute Beginning Life Stone remained where they were.

A streak of blood splattered in front of him.

A blood-stained door appeared before Qin Yu.

On the massive iron door were two Demon Gods Statue filled with slaughter, covered in rust. A foreign world was revealed behind the iron door.

The Mysterious Yin Celestial Sword!

In the Sword Foreign World, a blood-red Spiritual Energy Sword flashed past.

Like blood-colored lightning, this sword intent passed through Qin Yu’s body.

Then, it disappeared into the world behind him, slicing through it.

The dark sky of Eternal Night seemed to have been torn in half by it.

Ling Kong laughed maniacally.

The evil sword in his hand slowly returned to its sheath.

The timing of this attack was grasped to Ling Kong’s peak. After entering this place, he had been absorbing the killing intent and evil present there.

During this period, the Sword Foreign World had absorbed an immense amount of power. This world was where the powerful sword intents of countless fallen swordsmen survived. This was the power of the world.

Even the Power of the Ancients could not stop this power from entering. The summoning of the Sword Foreign World required a fortunate coincidence.

Some of the fallen swordsmen’s sword intents, after their deaths, could comprehend entering this foreign world.

As for which sword intents could enter, there has been no clear explanation so far.

However, to have drawn upon the Spiritual Energy Sword of this foreign world would have required the Spiritual Energy Sword of the master of the foreign world.

Now, this evil Spiritual Energy Sword had almost become the king of this sword intent heaven and earth. Coincidentally, it belonged to the evil Spiritual Energy Sword, just like Ling Kong’s Mysterious Yin Celestial Sword.

Thus, he was able to use his Mysterious Yin Celestial Sword to draw the Spiritual Energy Sword of this foreign world.

“No one has ever humiliated me like this. This sword is my response to you. Hahahaha, how about it?”

Ling Kong’s messy hair fell on his forehead as he laughed maniacally.

He was very satisfied with this attack.

His talent, determined in his youth, had allowed him to defeat countless people with a single sword strike.

However, Liu Bai chose Ling Xue, the person he looked down on when they both entered the sect together.

This was unacceptable to him. All these years, his goal had been to make Liu Bai admit his mistake.

But he did not expect to suffer another defeat against Qin Yu before this could happen.

This was hard for him to accept. Although they were both in the Dao Consciousness Realm.

He was easily defeated by Qin Yu. This was a nightmare that he could not shake off for the rest of his life.

Ever since he entered the Burial Heaven Cave and began cultivating, he had been waiting for this opportunity to launch this attack.

“It must have been hard for you to spend so much time preparing for this attack.”

In the light circle enveloped by the foreign world, Qin Yu’s body, which should have been cut in half, emitted a dreamy luster.

The remaining power of creation in his body poured out, blocking the Power of the Ancients in front of him.

Then, he placed his hand on the Soul Suppression and used the space created by the power of creation to transfer the power of the foreign world into the ‘passage’.

“My remaining peak power has been completely exhausted.”