Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4: The Domineering Yan Ruoxue

Although the bodyguards could not comprehend the situation, they did not dare to defy Yan Ruoxue's order. They immediately left to pursue Qin Yu.

At that moment, Qin Yu was trudging on the sideway of the main street aimlessly, looking despaired.

He had no idea where he should head to.

Home? That was definitely not an option. Would he end up being homeless?

"Dad, I have failed you," Qin Yu lamented as he recalled the man from his dream.

Suddenly, a Bentley accelerated in Qin Yu's direction and came to a stop before him.

Before he knew it, he noticed five bodyguards getting out of the car.

"Stop right there!" The bodyguards blocked Qin Yu's way.

"Miss Ruoxue has ordered you to come back with us!" they clarified while remaining expressionless.

Qin Yu thought that Yan Ruoxue was not letting him slide, after all. So he said, "It's okay. I'll bear the consequences of my actions. I'll follow you back."

With that, Qin Yu got into the car obediently.

Everyone remained silent along the journey.

In no time, a burly bodyguard grabbed Qin Yu's arm and dragged him before Yan Ruoxue.

"Miss, we've detained him as per your order!" The bodyguard pushed Qin Yu towards Yan Ruoxue.

Upon seeing that, she furrowed her brows.

Getting to her feet slowly, she walked towards the bodyguard.

"Who asked you to treat him like this?" Yan Ruoxue questioned in a sharp tone.

At once, the bodyguard was in a dazed state and stammered, "I... Um..."

"Apologize to Mr. Qin right now," Yan Ruoxue commanded.

"Miss, I..."

"Don't make me repeat myself!" Yan Ruoxue chided before the bodyguard could finish his sentence.

The bodyguard's face was red up to his ears.

He was incredibly reluctant to apologize to a dork like Qin Yu.

However, none of them dared to go against Yan Ruoxue's command. So he bit the bullet and bowed his head.

"I-I'm sorry, Mr. Qin." The bodyguard remained in that position and did not dare to raise his head.

Qin Yu remarked, "It's alright, Miss Ruoxue. It's no big deal. Please let bygones be bygones."

Yan Ruoxue nodded and ordered, "Leave the both of us alone."

Upon hearing that, the others got out of the room hastily.

Yan Ruoxue opened a bottle of red wine, poured Qin Yu a glass, and commented, "I really did not expect you to have medical skills."

Qin Yu was dumbfounded. Surprised, he queried in elation, "Miss Ruoxue, does that mean... You are fully recovered?"

"Well, yeah," Yan Ruoxue answered in slight confusion.

"That's great! I'm so glad!" A seed of hope sprouted amid Qin Yu's despair. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"Looks like it was real after all!" he thought.

"Well, I've checked your background. So, I'm curious as to why would a person of your medical skills led such an unimpressive life," Yan Ruoxue uttered whimsically.

Upon hearing that, Qin Yu let out a sigh.

"Miss Ruoxue, I don't know how to explain this to you," Qin Yu stated with a wry smile.

Still, there was no way Qin Yu could tell her that he had gained all his medical skills and knowledge in a dream. Should he utter such words, she would think he was out of his mind.

Nevertheless, Qin Yu seemed to be a humble person in Yan Ruoxue's opinion. Thus, his reaction only added to her good impression of him.

"No chance to display your prowess?" Yan Ruoxue asked in jest.

After chuckling, Qin Yu remained placid.

"Alright. Let me know what I can do to return the favor? Name your price. Or is there anything else that you want?" Yan Ruoxue questioned teasingly. Her words were equivocal.

Qin Yu waved his hand and rejected, "No, Miss Ruoxue. I don't need anything. You've rescued me, so this is the least that I can do for you."

"Are you sure you don't want anything?" Yan Ruoxue asked with a faint smile.

"You know, I can fulfill whatever request that you may have. You just have to say it." Yan Ruoxue looked a little expectant.

Qin Yu shook his head and answered, "I really don't need anything. Thanks for your offer."

After hearing Qin Yu's words, a hint of gaiety flashed in Yan Ruoxue's eyes.

Qin Yu seemed to be a kind-hearted and genuine person at the very least.

Qin Yu's phone rang all of a sudden.

His expression turned glum upon seeing the caller ID on the screen because the person who called him was Su Yan.

Qin Yu grabbed his phone and went to the side to pick up the call.

As soon as he pressed the answer button, Su Yan could be heard saying in a harsh tone, "Are you dead? If not, get your *ss back here right now!"

Qin Yu was burning with rage upon hearing such abrasive words.

Gritting his teeth, he riposted, "Why makes you think that I will go back after what you've done?"

Su Yan burst into laughter immediately at his words.

"Oh, poor Qin Yu. Did you think that I wanted you to come back? Oh, please. My mom is asking you to get back here to sign the divorce agreement form," Su Yan jeered.

"You'd better not pull anything funny! Otherwise, I will ask Zhao Gang to send you to the netherworld!" Su Yan snorted.

Having heard that, Qin Yu clenched his fists involuntarily.

Clamping his teeth together, he bellowed, "Su Yan, you are really the worst! Don't worry. I'll not cling to you any longer! You will regret what you did one day!"

"Hmph! The thing I regretted the most in my life was marrying a useless scum like you!" Su Yan retaliated.

She immediately ended the call after speaking.

Qin Yu appeared to be troubled as he had mixed emotions.

After all, it would be impossible not to develop feelings for someone after spending three years with them.

However, humiliation and anger drowned out his positive emotions.

"What happened?" Yan Ruoxue asked with a smile after taking a sip of the red wine.

Qin Yu shook his head and responded, "Miss Ruoxue, I-I need to go home now. There's something that I have to deal with."

Yan Ruoxue winked her eyes and uttered, "Divorce?"

Qin Yu was stupefied for a moment. Then he asked, "How did you know about this?"

"Just a random guess," Yan Ruoxue answered half-heartedly.

"I'll go with you," Yan Ruoxue came to her feet and said.

"I-It's okay. I'm good," Qin Yu declined, waggling his hands.

Yan Ruoxue ordered in a domineering tone, "I will send you there! Quit whining!"

Feeling resigned, Qin Yu left together with Yan Ruoxue.

When they got out of the room, Yan Ruoxue's secretary immediately came up to them.

Moving close towards Yan Ruoxue's ear, he whispered, "Miss Ruoxue, the Governor of Chuzhou and the Chief of Chuzhou Region are here. They are inviting you over for a banquet."

Yan Ruoxue had a slight headache upon hearing that.

Rubbing her temples, she murmured, "This is such a hassle. Make them wait for a while. Just tell them that I'll be late."

"Yes, Miss," the secretary said.

Following that, Yan Ruoxue's car came to a halt in front of Qin Yu.

"Get in." Yan Ruoxue gestured with her finger.

Seeing that declination was not a wise option, Qin Yu got into the car submissively.

Soon, they arrived at the main entrance of the Su Residence.

"Miss Ruoxue, I'll be leaving now. Thanks for the ride," Qin Yu stated courteously before getting out of the car.

But Qin Yu did not expect Yan Ruoxue to get out of the car with him.

Running her fingers through her hair, she said with a bright smile, "I'll join you."

"Huh?" Qin Yu was in a dazed state.

Yan Ruoxue donned a smile on her face. "I want to see what your family looks like."