Chapter 357: Yan Family’s Father-son Conversation Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

After listening to Yan Sihai’s words, the little hope Qin Yu had suddenly disappeared without a trace.

For a moment, he was even filled with disgust towards Yan Sihai.

“I really don’t know why people like you always feel that you are superior.” Qin Yu shook his head and said.

“Divisions like upper class and lower class were also created by people like you. We have worked hard all our lives, but in your eyes, it has become something for you to ridicule.”

“Mr. Yan, to be honest, I think you are the one who is laughable. You treat others as slaves, but others might not look up to you either.”

Qin Yu looked at Yan Sihai coldly fearlessly.

Yan Sihai’s expression gradually turned cold.

“You are really impervious,” Yan Sihai said coldly.

“I really hate your pretentious and self-important ambition

Qin Yu sneered and said, “I also hate your arrogance.”

The negotiation failed.

This was the second time Qin Yu had negotiated with Yan Sihai, and the result was the same.

Both sides had completely different views of the world. Even if they talked about it countless times, the conflict would only get deeper and deeper.

In terms of conflict between people of different social classes, only when one side disappeared would the conflict disappear.

Updates by

Yan Sihai said coldly, “I originally wanted to give the North Province Island to you, but now, it seems that there’s no need.”

Qin Yu sneered. “Mr. Yan, just like what you said to Feng Chong, do I need tou to give it to me?”

“Well then!” Yan Sihai couldn’t help but laugh out loud.

“Qin Yu, I’ll see how long you can act tough!”

Qin Yu didn’t reply. He was too lazy to argue with Yan Sihai. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The plane flew through the sky and soon landed at the Yan family’s manor.

After he got off the plane, Yan Sihai’s expression was livid.

Yan Ruoxue hurriedly ran over and said, “Qin Yu, is everything okay?”

Qin Yu smiled and said, “It’s fine. I had a very happy exchange with Mr. Yan.”

Hearing this, Yan Sihai snorted again.

“Dad, rest well. If there’s nothing else, I’ll leave first,” said Yan Sihai.

“Wait.” Old Mister Yan waved his hand.

“Sihai, come with me. I have something to tell you.”

Yan Sihai didn’t dare to go against Old Mister Yan, so he obediently followed Old Mister Yan upstairs.

In the study room, only Yan Sihai and Old Mister Yan were there.

“Dad, why are you looking for me?” Yan Sihai sat opposite Old Mister Yan and asked.

Old Mister Yan said coldly, “Sihai, I know about your relationship with the Han family.”

Yan Sihai didn’t care much about it. He said, “What’s wrong with that? The Yan and Han families joining hands is a strong alliance.”

“Sigh.” Old Mister Yan sighed.

“I’m not here to argue with you today. I just want to ask you something.”

“Do you really want Ruoxue to marry Han Wei?”

Yan Sihai was stunned. He frowned and said, “Dad, why are you asking this all of a sudden?”

Old Mister Yan slowly stood up. With his back facing Yan Sihai, he sighed and said, “I don’t have many days left. I know that once I die, the situation in the Yan family will definitely go out of control.”

“I don’t want the Yan family to fall apart.”

“Father, if you passed the position to me, how could the Yan family fall apart?” Yan Sihai said with some agitation.

“As long as the Yan family is in my hands, it will definitely be more glorious! I can’t figure out why you insist on letting Ruoxue marry that trash at the bottom of society, Qin Yu!”

“How is Han Wei worse than him? Even if you look down on Han Wei, there are so many outstanding Young Masters in Jingdu. Which one of them isn’t better than Qin Yu?!”

Yan Sihai looked extremely agitated, and these words seemed to have been suppressed inside for a long time.

Old Mister Yan was silent for a moment.

He turned around to look at Yan Sihai and said in a deep voice, “Sihai, don’t look down on the lower class. I also rose up from the lower class back then.”

“As for what you said about Qin Yu and Han Wei, you are indeed right, but you have overlooked one problem, and that is Ruoxue’s own choice.”

“Ruoxue likes Qin Yu, so why must you force her to marry Han Wei?”

Yan Sihai snorted coldly. “What could a little girl know?! How much are feelings worth?!”

Yan Sihai, who had been born in an aristocratic family since young, had long been brainwashed into only caring about benefits.

In his view, everything in this world could be sacrificed for benefits.

Even his own family and friends.

“Sihai, there are some things that I must tell you.” Old Mister Yan’s tone suddenly became extremely solemn.

“Back then, an important figure said that the Yan family will only last fifty years.”

“And this year is the forty-seventh year.”

Yan Sihai sneered. “Father, do you believe that?”

Old Mister Yan ignored Yan Sihai’s words and continued, “He also said that only Qin Yu can save the Yan family. Otherwise, the Yan family will definitely decline or even perish in the fiftieth year.”

The person who said this back then was Qin Yu’s father.

The glory of the Yan family all came from him. Therefore, Old Mister Yan naturally believed in what he said.

However, Yan Yunheng and Yan Sihai thought differently.

Yan Sihai didn’t believe a single word that Old Mister Yan said.

“My fate is in my hands, not the heavens,” Yan Sihai said with a cold smile.

“As for those bullsh * t big shots you mentioned, they are worthless in my eyes!”

“Dad, if there’s nothing else, I’ll take my leave first.”

Yan Sihai tidied up, turned his head, and walked out of the study.

After he left, Old Mister Yan couldn’t help but sigh slightly.

“It seems that the Yan family’s calamity is bound to happen,” Old Mister Yan muttered in a low voice.

...

The next day, news came from the North Province Island:

Due to various reasons, the North Province Island was temporarily closed for business. The duration was unknown.

As for the reason for the news, it was even more shocking.

At a glance, there were hundreds of violations on the North Province Island!

Qin Yu looked at the news and couldn’t help but sneer.

Yan Sihai wanted to force Feng Chong to take the initiative to hand over the North Province Island.

“These so-called big shots are really interesting. They put themselves on a high pedestal even during highway robbery.” Qin Yu sneered at this.

As expected, after two days, the outside world announced:

The North Province Island was officially taken over by the Yan family and will be opened for business on an auspicious day. Feng Chong took on the position of general manager and continued to manage the North Province Island.

In other words, Feng Chong had turned from being a boss to Yan Sihai’s slave.

On this day, Qin Yu played chess with Old Mister Yan as usual.

Looking at the black energy spreading from Old Mister Yan’s glabella, Qin Yu felt more and more uneasy.

Old Mister Yan also looked weak. If not for the support of medicine, Old Mister Yan would have difficulty standing.

After a game of chess, Old Mister Yan put down the chess piece in his hand.

He stood up and said, “Qin Yu, come with me. I will bring you to a place.”

“Huh?” Qin Yu was stunned and asked in confusion, “What place?”

Old Mister Yan smiled and said, “Don’t ask. Come with me.”