Chapter 362: The Conflict Between the Yan Family Erupted! Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Yan Sihai couldn’t stop laughing coldly. As long as he changed his appearance, who could prove that he was the once mighty Emperor Yan?

Moreover, Yan Yunheng, this mountain, had been in Jingdu for a long time. Countless people were waiting for him to fall.

As long as that face was gone, then his power would certainly disappear with it.

Yan Sihai’s ruthlessness was beyond imagination. No one knew that he would do such a thing for the sake of power.

It was as if as long as he tasted the taste of power, he was unwilling to let go.

...

Qin Yu and Yan Ruoxue accompanied Old Mister Yan.

Yan Ruoxue and Qin Yu told the story of Old Mister Yan and how Old Mister Yan loved her when she was young.

“When I was young, as long as I wanted something, my Grandfather would satisfy me.” Yan Ruoxue wiped away her tears.

“I never thought that grandfather would suddenly leave without even saying goodbye.”

At this point, Yan Ruoxue’s tears flowed out from the corner of her eyes.

Qin Yu carefully hugged Yan Ruoxue’s shoulders and comforted her in a soft voice, “Don’t worry, I will definitely save Old Mister Yan.”

Just like that, the two of them laid here and unknowingly fell asleep in each other’s arms.

The next morning.

Updates by

When Qin Yu and Yan Ruoxue woke up, Old Mister Yan’s body was already gone.

Yan Ruoxue hurriedly stood up from the ground and anxiously asked, “Where’s my Grandfather?”

At this moment, the nanny outside quickly walked in.

“Miss, the eldest young master wants you to go to the hall,” the nanny said.

When Yan Ruoxue heard this, she hurriedly walked to the main hall downstairs.

Qin Yu naturally followed closely behind.

When the two of them arrived at the main hall, they found that Old Mister Yan’s body was actually contained in a coffin.

The coffin was made of sandalwood, and a spell was cast inside, which could protect Old Mister Yan’s body.

“Why did you put Old Mister Yan in the coffin?” Qin Yu frowned and asked.

Yan Sihai glanced at Qin Yu and said, “Where else would I put it? Don’t tell me you want to carry my father out of Jingdu?”

Qin Yu didn’t say anything more.

But to Yan Ruoxue, this was quite cruel.

Putting it in the coffin seemed to kill the last glimmer of hope.

“Since you said you can save my father, then hurry up and leave. Don’t waste time,” Yan Sihai said coldly.

Qin Yu glanced at Yan Ruoxue and whispered, “Wait for me. I’ll come back as soon as possible.”

After saying that, Qin Yu activated his spatial magic artifact and put the coffin in.

“Humph, you have quite a lot of treasures,” Yan Sihai said with a aloof smile.

Qin Yu didn’t say anything. He bowed and said, “I’m leaving.”

Yan Sihai didn’t pay attention to Qin Yu. He waved his hand and said, “Come with me. I want to discuss something with you.”

The group left the hall and went to the study room where Old Mister Yan used to be.

In the huge hall, there was only Qin Yu.

Qin Yu didn’t waste any more time. He took Old Mister Yan’s corpse and quickly left Jingdu.

After he left, he headed straight for the southwest!

The Resurrection Formation was far away in the southwest. If he wanted to resurrect Old Mister Yan, he had to go to the Earth Fiend Valley!

After arriving at the airport, Qin Yu gave Jiang Gu a call.

“Jiang Gu, help me find a body immediately. The better quality, the better,” Qin Yu said over the phone.

Jiang Gu said, “A body? I’m afraid it’s not that easy to find a body of the best quality now.”

Qin Yu frowned slightly. Although Old Mister Yan’s divine sense was still there for the time being, if he couldn’t be saved quickly, his divine sense would vanish into thin air.

At that time, there was probably nothing anyone could do.

Thinking of this, Qin Yu said to Jiang Gu, “Then find a body as soon as possible. An ordinary person’s body is also fine.”

“After you find a body, immediately bring it to the Earth Fiend Valley.”

For the time being, Old Mister Yan’s body would be preserved. At most, they could find another body for him in the future.

After making this call, Qin Yu took a plane towards the Earth Fiend Valley.

...

In the Yan family’s manor, everyone stayed in the study room while waiting for Yan Sihai to start the small meeting.

But even after a long time, Yan Sihai still didn’t say a word.

“Sihai, what’s the matter?” Yan Yongxiu frowned and asked.

Yan Sihai glanced at him and said, “Has Qin Yu left?”

“It’s been half a day. He must have left already,” Yan Tianhong said.

Yan Sihai’s lips curled into a cold smile.

He slowly stood up and said, “The so-called Resurrection Formation is a lie! People can’t be resurrected after death. How can there be a resurrection?”

“What do you mean?” Yan Ruoxue immediately stood up.

Yan Sihai didn’t answer. His gaze became somewhat sinister.

Then, Yan Sihai said coldly, “Qin Yu killed my father, the head of the Yan family, and stole my father’s body on the day of the funeral!”

“It’s intolerable. The Yan family has never suffered such humiliation before!”

“From now on, the Yan family will issue a death warrant for Qin Yu!”

Everyone was shocked!

Yan Ruoxue’s expression became a little cold.

“Uncle, what exactly do you mean?” Yan Ruoxue said coldly.

Yan Sihai smiled aloofly and said, “Of course I want to take revenge for your grandfather. What, are you going to abandon your family for a b*stard?”

“Slander.” Yan Yongxiu also slowly stood up.

He sneered and said, “Sihai, this is all part of your plan, right? You can find a reason to kill Qin Yu, and you can also take advantage of the situation to seize control of the Yan family.”

“What a good plan.”

Yan Sihai snorted and said, “I don’t understand what you are talking about. In short, from now on, I will chase after Qin Yu until one of us dies!”

“How dare you!”

Yan Ruoxue suddenly shouted!

Along with her shout, several internal qi burst out from the darkness!

In a short moment, more than ten martial artists at the peak of the Inner Strength Grandmaster realm stood behind Yan Ruoxue!

Looking around, they even saw a top-tier Martial Marquis realm expert who had surpassed the Inner Strength Grandmaster realm! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Greetings, Miss Yan!” Everyone shouted in unison!

These people were Old Mister Yan’s protectors!

Old Mister Yan had given the order long ago, and these people only listened to the orders of two people.

One was Old Mister Yan, and the other was Yan Ruoxue!

Yan Sihai’s brows slowly furrowed.

“What do you mean by this? Do you want to rebel?!” Yan Sihai roared.

“Get out of here right now. I want to see if you guys dare to disobey my orders!”

Yan Sihai’s angry roar didn’t have any effect.

These people stood behind Yan Ruoxue and completely ignored Yan Sihai.