Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 366: The Treacherous Yan Sihai! Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Seeing this phone call, Yan Sihai’s lips curled into a smile.

He looked at Yan Ruoxue and said indifferently, “I want to make a deal with you.”

“Deal?” Yan Ruoxue frowned slightly, as if she didn’t quite understand what Yan Sihai meant.

Yan Sihai picked up the phone and pressed the answer button.

Soon, an image appeared in the video.

In this image, Cao Shan was stepping on Qin Yu.

Qin Yu’s body was covered in blood, and it looked terrible.

Yan Ruoxue’s expression instantly turned extremely ugly!

She suddenly stood up and said coldly, “What do you want to do to Qin Yu?!”

Yan Sihai smiled aloofly and said, “Nothing. I just want to make a deal with you.”

Yan Ruoxue suppressed the worry inside and said, “What deal?”

“I want you to hand over all the personnel you have!” Yan Sihai said with a cold smile.

“Including those eight Inner Strength Grandmasters and that Martial Marquis.”

“Also, hand over all the power you have in the Yan family!”

Updates by

Speaking up to this point, Yan Sihai paused for a moment.

He said with an aloof smile, “Of course, you can also refuse. But if you do that, Qin Yu might die, and... your grandfather might never come back.”

“You!” Yan Ruoxue was so angry that her face turned pale, and her delicate body trembled slightly!

“How despicable and shameless!” Yan Ruoxue said angrily.

Yan Sihai said with a sneer, “Ruoxue, as your uncle, I must tell you that those who achieve great things do not care about trifles. Some people exist for the sake of sacrifice.”

“My grandfather is your father. How can you say such words?” Yan Ruoxue could not understand.

Her grandfather’s own son would actually stop his father’s rebirth for the sake of the Yan family’s power!

“No need to say more. I will only give you three seconds to consider.” Yan Sihai placed his phone on the table.

Cao Shan was naturally waiting for Yan Sihai’s order.

“One.” Yan Sihai began the countdown.

“Two.”

Just as Yan Sihai was about to shout “three”, Yan Ruoxue said coldly, “I will agree to it. What do you want me to do?”

Yan Sihai aloofly smiled and said, “It’s very simple. As long as you cooperate with me, I’ll spare his life.”

“Okay.” Yan Ruoxue forcefully suppressed her anger and nodded.

Yan Sihai immediately said, “Invite those top-notch martial artists working for you out.”

Those top-notch martial artists were Old Mister Yan’s blood and sweat.

Under Yan Ruoxue’s orders, they appeared in the study room.

A few people stood behind Yan Ruoxue, as if waiting for her orders.

Yan Sihai said indifferently, “Ruoxue, I demand that they take the initiative to enter the Jingdu Martial Arts Association’s prison.”

“What?!” Yan Ruoxue stood up agitatedly.

She glared at Yan Sihai and said, “Aren’t you going a bit too far by doing this?”

“You just need to tell me if you agree or not.” Yan Sihai lit a cigar and said indifferently.

Yan Ruoxue didn’t say anything for a moment.

One had to know that these people were Old Mister Yan’s blood and sweat, and they were loyal to the Yan family!

“It seems that you are unwilling.” Yan Sihai squinted his eyes.

He picked up his phone and said to Cao Shan on the screen, “Cao Shan, I order you to kill Qin Yu immediately and destroy his Spatial Magic Artifact!”

“Yes!” Cao Shan shouted from the other end.

“Wait!” Yan Ruoxue couldn’t take it anymore.

She took a deep breath and turned around to look at the nine people behind her.

“I’m sorry to make you guys suffer,” Yan Ruoxue said apologetically.

“If there’s a chance, I’ll definitely save you guys,” Yan Ruoxue’s voice carried an unspeakable sense of guilt.

The nine people looked at each other, cupped their hands, and said, “Miss, you don’t have to feel guilty. We know that this is not your original intention.”

After saying this, the nine people stood in a row and bowed to Yan Ruoxue in unison.

Yan Ruoxue’s heart felt like it was being cut by a knife. She couldn’t even bear to look straight at them.

Yan Sihai sneered. He snapped his fingers, and a few people immediately walked in from outside the door.

These people were from the Jingdu Martial Arts Association!

And the one leading them was Mr. Xia, whom he had met at the banquet last time!

“Mr. Xia, please take them away,” Yan Sihai said with an aloof smile.

Mr. Xia bowed slightly and said, “Yes, President Yan.”

After saying that, Mr. Xia looked at Yan Ruoxue and said with an aloof smile, “Miss Yan, I don’t think I will have the chance to see Qin Yu standing at the top of Jingdu.”

After saying this, Mr. Xia took them and left the Yan family’s home.

After they left, Yan Ruoxue looked at Yan Sihai coldly and said, “Can you let him go now?”

“Don’t worry. After they go to prison, I will naturally let Qin Yu go,” Yan Sihai said with an aloof smile.

Time passed minute by minute. After about half an hour, Mr. Xia sent a message.

“President Yan, the people have been arrested,” Mr. Xia said in the text message.

When he saw this message, the corner of Yan Sihai’s mouth curled up into a sneer.

“Can you release him now?” Yan Ruoxue said coldly.

Yan Sihai said with an aloof smile, “Of course.”

Then, Yan Sihai shouted to the phone, “Cao Shan, cripple his dantian and throw him out.”

After saying this, Yan Sihai hung up the phone.

Yan Ruoxue’s face instantly turned pale!

Because of anger, her whole body trembled slightly!

“Yan Sihai! You’re shameless!” Yan Ruoxue roared angrily.

Yan Sihai sneered. “I’ve already spared his life. Why aren’t you satisfied?”

After saying that, Yan Sihai walked out of the study room with a laugh.

In the study, Yan Ruoxue stood there in a daze. Her eyes were filled with pain and fear.

She never thought that Yan Sihai would do something so extreme!

“Qin Yu... grandfather...” Drops of tears slid down Yan Ruoxue’s cheeks.

She squatted on the ground and sobbed softly.

At this moment, Yan Ruoxue seemed to have thought of something.

She hurriedly took out her phone and sent a text message to Qin Yu.

“Qin Yu, don’t come to Jingdu. You must live well.”

Even if his dantian was crippled, as long as he could live, it was enough for Yan Ruoxue.

...

On this side, Qin Yu laid on the ground in unbearable pain.

He wanted to get up many times, but Cao Shan stepped on his back.

“Qin Yu, Mr. Yan said that I should cripple your dantian and throw you out,” Cao Shan said with an aloof smile.

Qin Yu stared at Cao Shan and said coldly, “I dare you to!”

“Haha, then I’ll show you whether I dare to or not!” Cao Shan roared angrily.

After saying that, his fist turned into a palm and fiercely slapped toward Qin Yu!

“Ah!”

Qin Yu roared angrily, and his body burst out with astonishing strength!

He used all his might to fiercely punch toward Cao Shan!

“Clang!”

Under this punch, Cao Shan’s palm seemed to have suffered a heavy blow, and his wrist was aching!

“Oh really? You can actually fight back?” Cao Shan narrowed his eyes.

He sneered and said, “This should be your last remaining strength, right?”

Qin Yu was gasping for breath, and his expression was extremely unsightly.

Just as Cao Shan had said, he had almost used up the last bit of energy in his body. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“I absolutely can’t fall here...” Qin Yu shouted inside!

He still had too many things to do!

He had to save Old Mister Yan, set foot in Jingdu, and marry Yan Ruoxue!

If his dantian was crippled, all of this would become hopeless!

“Stop struggling. I’ll end your pain right now.” Qi energy surged up and down Cao Shan’s body, and a terrifying power erupted once again!

Boom!

In the next second, this massive power poured towards Qin Yu!

At this critical moment, a figure shielded Qin Yu!