Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 369: Ruoxue, Wait For Me! Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Cao Shan’s expression immediately turned ugly.

He secretly felt that things weren’t looking good and said in a low voice, “Retreat quickly!”

The two people beside him didn’t even think and turned around to run!

These three people were quite fast. Before everyone could react, they had already fled!

“Mr. Qin, do you want to continue chasing?” Everyone asked.

Qin Yu took a deep breath and shook his head. “No need.”

He would let them escape first. In the future, when he personally went to the Cao family, he would exterminate his entire family!

“I will remember everyone’s kindness. When I finish refining the pill, I will definitely give it to everyone.” Qin Yu cupped his hands towards everyone.

“Then thank you, Mr. Qin!” Everyone shouted one after another.

After sending them away, Qin Yu turned around and returned to the Earth Fiend Valley.

“Qin Yu, what exactly is the situation now?” Old Mister Yan asked.

Qin Yu shook his head and said, “Old Mister Yan, as long as you are resurrected, everything will be fine. I will bring you back to Jingdu now.”

Old Mister Yan’s expression was solemn.

He waved his hand and said, “I’m afraid I can’t go back.”

Updates by

Qin Yu frowned and said, “What do you mean?”

Old Mister Yan sighed and said, “I think Yan Sihai has already released the news of my death, and my appearance has changed. As long as he doesn’t admit it, then I will no longer exist in this world.”

Just as Old Mister Yan said, Yan Sihai did exactly that.

It seemed that Old Mister Yan had guessed it long ago.

Qin Yu didn’t say anything. For a moment, he didn’t know what to say.

He took out his phone to tell Yan Ruoxue about this.

At this moment, he saw a message from Yan Ruoxue.

“Qin Yu, don’t come to Jingdu. You must live well.”

When he saw the message, Qin Yu’s heart thumped.

Obviously, something must have happened in Jingdu.

Qin Yu picked up his phone and hurriedly called Yan Ruoxue.

No one picked up.

Qin Yu didn’t give up. He continued to call her.

One, two, three...

Finally, at the fifth call, someone finally picked up.

But the person who picked up wasn’t Yan Ruoxue, but an unfamiliar person.

She said softly on the phone, “Mr. Qin, it’s better if you don’t call Miss Yan. Her phone has been confiscated.”

Qin Yu’s expression immediately became even uglier!

He gritted his teeth and said, “How is Ruoxue now? Is she alright?”

“Miss Yan’s rights have been taken away. She’s fine. She’s just temporarily under house arrest.”

“Mr. Qin, Miss Yan hopes that you can live a good life.”

Qin Yu said anxiously, “I’ll have to trouble you to pass on a message for me. I’ll be counting on you.”

The person on the other end was silent for a moment before saying, “Alright, what message?”

“Just say that I’ve already saved Old Mister Yan. Also, tell her to wait for me in Jingdu. I’ll go pick her up. I’ll definitely keep the promise I made before,” Qin Yu said hurriedly over the phone.

“Alright, I got it,” the person on the other end agreed and immediately hung up the phone.

After hanging up the phone, the nanny went to Yan Ruoxue’s room cautiously.

“Miss Yan, Mr. Qin called,” the nanny said softly.

Yan Ruoxue hurriedly got up and said, “How is he? Is he okay?”

The nanny said, “He’s fine, and he asked me to tell you that Old Mister Yan has been saved. He also asked you to wait for him in Jingdu. He will definitely come and marry you.”

A smile bloomed on Yan Ruoxue’s face, and the corners of her eyes couldn’t help but tear up.

“What are you doing?”

At this moment, a voice came from behind.

She saw Yan Sihai standing coldly behind her. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Mr. Yan, I...” The nanny was about to explain when Yan Sihai slapped her!

With this slap, the nanny immediately fainted.

Yan Sihai lit up a cigarette and said coldly, “He was saved? It seems like Cao Shan didn’t do his job well.”

Yan Ruoxue looked at Yan Sihai coldly and said, “What exactly do you want?”

“Hehe, Ruoxue, don’t worry. After all, you are my niece. I won’t harm you.” Yan Sihai blew out a smoke ring.

“What I did was for your own good. Isn’t marrying Han Wei better than marrying Qin Yu? Don’t worry, as long as you’re obedient, you’ll still be the Yan family’s daughter.”

...

After Yan Sihai walked out of the Yan family’s manor, his expression instantly turned cold.

“That trash! He actually failed to kill Qin Yu!” Yan Sihai said angrily.

“Immediately send people to chase after Qin Yu! Remember, send the Yan family’s elite forces to get rid of him!”

The elite forces of the Yan family naturally referred to peak-stage Inner Strength Grandmasters!

Yan Sihai didn’t want any accidents to happen, so he asked peak-stage Inner Strength Grandmasters to kill Qin Yu!

At this moment, Qin Yu’s face was filled with sadness.

He told Old Mister Yan the whole story.

After Old Mister Yan heard it, he couldn’t help but let out a long sigh.

At this moment, he seemed to have thought of something.

“Qin Yu, leave this place immediately,” Old Mister Yan said coldly.

“Huh? What’s wrong?” Qin Yu asked.

Old Mister Yan said with a cold expression, “With my understanding of Yan Sihai, he will definitely get rid of the evidence. Leave this place immediately!”

“I understand.” Qin Yu nodded.

“Before I leave, I still have something to do.” Qin Yu’s eyes looked in the direction of the Yunchuan Martial Arts Association.

In the Martial Arts Association, Jia Gong was lying on a chair while observing these two pills.

These were two Earth Rank pills. Someone of his caliber probably wouldn’t be able to come into contact with them in his entire life.

“I’m really lucky. I managed to get on the good side of the Cao family and even obtained such a treasure. Haha!” The more Jia Gong thought about it, the happier he became. He couldn’t help but laugh.

At this moment, a voice suddenly came from outside.

Immediately after, the office door was kicked open!

Jia Gong saw Qin Yu standing at the door while looking at him coldly.