Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 375: Engagement Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

“The Pavilion Master of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion?” Yan Sihai immediately frowned.

“Yes, the Divine Alchemist Pavilion seems to want to protect Qin Yu. The few of us aren’t her match at all,” Qiao Wu said with some grievance.

On the other end, Yan Sihai took a deep breath and said coldly, “I will negotiate with the Divine Alchemist Pavilion.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“President Yan, what about us?” Qiao Wu asked.

Yan Sihai coldly said, “Stand by and wait for orders. As soon as Qin Yu walks out of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion, kill him immediately!”

“Yes, President Yan,” Qiao Wu hurriedly agreed.

After the phone call was ended, Yan Sihai’s expression immediately became somewhat gloomy.

“President Yan, what’s going on?” Han Meng asked with a smile.

Yan Sihai gnashed his teeth and said, “The Divine Alchemist Pavilion wants to openly oppose us! They take themselves too seriously!”

“Divine Alchemist Pavilion?” A hint of displeasure flashed across Han Meng’s face.

“Hmph, the Divine Alchemist Pavilion also humiliated the Han family last time. The Divine Alchemist Pavilion has indeed been a little too arrogant during this period of time,” Han Meng said coldly.

Yan Sihai glanced at Han Meng and said, “Then why has the Han family not made any moves yet?”

A hint of awkwardness flashed across Han Meng’s face, and then he sighed and said, “We don’t want to either, but the Divine Alchemist Pavilion is influential, and it has connections with quite a number of people in Jingdu.”

“If we really shed all pretenses of cordiality, I’m afraid it won’t be beneficial to anyone.”

Updates by

Yan Sihai naturally understood this, but it wasn’t like Yan Sihai to just endure like this.

He picked up his phone and personally made a call to the Divine Alchemist Pavilion’s Pavilion Master.

After the call was connected, Yan Sihai tried his best to maintain his politeness as he said, “Miss Pavilion Master, Qin Yu stole my father’s corpse. This is absolutely intolerable to the Yan family.”

Hearing this, the Pavilion Master smiled nonchalantly and said, “Stole the body? President Yan, you can deceive others, but can you deceive me?”

Yan Sihai’s expression changed and he said coldly, “Then you mean you insist on protecting Qin Yu?”

“That’s right.” The Pavilion Master didn’t hesitate at all.

“As long as he stays in the Divine Alchemist Pavilion, I will definitely protect him.”

Yan Sihai took a deep breath and said, “Well then. I hope you don’t regret your decision today. You must know that the Divine Alchemist Pavilion isn’t irreplaceable!”

After saying this, Yan Sihai directly hung up the phone.

He was so angry that his chest was trembling and his face was livid.

“The Divine Alchemist Pavilion doesn’t respect me at all! Does she really think that no one can punish her!?” Yan Sihai said angrily.

Han Meng frowned and said, “Mr. Yan, it’s not a good idea to shed all pretense of cordiality with the Divine Alchemist Pavilion because of Qin Yu.”

Yan Sihai snorted coldly and said, “If she dares to shed all pretense of cordiality, why wouldn’t I dare to? Could it be that the Yan family is inferior to the Divine Alchemist Pavilion?”

Han Meng was silent for a moment and said, “Mr. Yan, the Divine Alchemist Pavilion is extremely important in the martial world. If they are willing to rise up, our two families might not be a match for them.”

Yan Sihai was also silent.

Han Meng’s words weren’t without reason.

For martial artists, no matter how strong they were, they would eventually grow old and die of illness.

Being able to obtain the Divine Alchemist Pavilion’s assurance was equivalent to having an extra life.

This was also the reason the Divine Alchemist Pavilion dared to be so stubborn.

“I do have an idea.” At this moment, Han Meng suddenly said.

Yan Sihai looked at Han Meng and motioned for him to continue.

Han Meng said indifferently, “As long as Qin Yu leaves the Divine Alchemist Pavilion, it will be easy for us to kill him.”

“Is there a point in saying such nonsense? If Qin Yu stays in the Divine Alchemist Pavilion for the rest of his life, don’t tell me I have to wait for him for the rest of his life?” Yan Sihai said angrily.

Han Meng patted Yan Sihai’s shoulder and said, “President Yan, don’t be anxious.”

“The conflict between Qin Yu and the Yan family originated with Yan Ruoxue.”

“Since he was willing to offend the Yan and Han families for the sake of Yan Ruoxue, it is enough to prove Yan Ruoxue’s importance in his heart.”

“As long as we release the news of Yan Ruoxue and my son Han Wei’s marriage, do you think Qin Yu will be able to tolerate it?”

Han Meng’s words immediately reminded Yan Sihai!

He patted his head and praised, “Good idea!”

“I don’t believe that Qin Yu will watch his beloved woman marry someone else!”

...

In the Divine Alchemist Pavilion, in the Pavilion Master’s building, the Pavilion Master and Old Mister Yan sat opposite each other.

A pot of tea was placed in front of them.

“Old Mister Yan, it has been thirty years since we last met, right?” The Pavilion Master said with a nonchalant smile.

Old Mister Yan sighed and said, “Yes, thirty years have passed in the blink of an eye. You are still so young, yet I have already become a person on the verge of death.”

At this point, Old Mister Yan couldn’t help but force a smile.

The Pavilion Master said indifferently, “Everyone has their own fate. The current business empire of the Yan family is something that I envy.”

“Business empire?” Old Mister Yan shook his head.

“When I was young, I thought that having money would give me everything. However, when I was on the verge of death, I realized that money is materialistic. It has no meaning at all.”

“Are you serious?” The Pavilion Master said jokingly.

Old Mister Yan nodded and said, “For the current me, that is indeed the case.”

The Pavilion Master smiled and didn’t continue this topic.

“Let’s talk about that child, Qin Yu.” The Pavilion Master poured a cup of tea for Old Mister Yan.

At the mention of Qin Yu, a trace of guilt couldn’t help but appear on Old Mister Yan’s expression.

He sighed and said, “To tell you the truth, I have always had selfish motives towards Qin Yu. The reason why I set Qin Yu and my granddaughter up was to protect the Yan family.”

“In your eyes, Qin Yu is just a chess piece, right?” The Pavilion Master asked with a nonchalant smile.

Old Mister Yan didn’t deny it and only took a sip of tea.

“But that child treats you as an elder.” The Pavilion Master sighed slightly.

Old Mister Yan sighed and said, “Since things have come to this, I don’t know what to do. The development of things has long exceeded my expectations.”

“Perhaps... the destruction of the Yan family is fated.”

The Pavilion Master had a different view on this.

She stood up and said, “Qin Yu’s body contains an unimaginable energy. Perhaps to him, the unrivaled Yan family in your eyes is just a starting point.”

“If his father can give you the starting point of the Yan family, then Qin Yu can give you the continuation of the Yan family.”

The Pavilion Master didn’t say anything more and turned around to leave the pavilion.

Old Mister Yan sat there for a long time without saying a word.

After a long time, Old Mister Yan sighed slightly and said, “I hope so.”

...

Qin Yu laid unconscious on the bed.

Every hour, Taozi would feed Qin Yu a pill personally refined by the Pavilion Master.

For three whole days, Qin Yu’s body slowly healed at a speed visible to the naked eye.

The sword that stabbed into Qin Yu’s chest was less than half a millimeter away from his heart.

Such a slight deviation saved Qin Yu’s life.

At noon on the fourth day, after Taozi Fed Qin Yu the last pill, Qin Yu finally opened his eyes slowly.

He sat up from the bed with difficulty and frowned. “Where is this?”

“Divine Alchemist’s Pavilion. Qin Yu, you almost died,” Taozi rolled her eyes.

Qin Yu hurriedly sat up from the bed and said anxiously, “Where’s Old Mister Yan?”

“Don’t worry, he’s fine. You’d better take care of yourself.” Taozi rolled her eyes.

At this moment, the door of the Elders’ Residence was hurriedly knocked open.

Before he arrived, Yao Qing’s voice came from outside.

“Oh no, Miss Yan and Han Wei are engaged!” Yao Qing hurriedly shouted.