Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 379: The Jade Pendant Shattered Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

“Yan Sihai, you are despicable!” Yan Ruoxue glared at Yan Sihai.

Yan Sihai sneered. “As long as you are obedient, not only can I let him live, but I can also give him resources!”

Speaking up to this point, Yan Sihai paused for a moment. He leaned against Yan Ruoxue’s ear, and whispered, “Don’t you want your grandfather to live? As long as you are obedient and marry Han Wei, I will let them live their lives peacefully.”

“Do you think I will still believe you?” Yan Ruoxue sneered.

Yan Sihai’s expression turned completely cold. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Don’t think I’m begging you?! I’m giving you a chance!” Yan Sihai said coldly.

“Since you don’t know what’s good for you, then don’t blame me for being merciless!”

After saying this, Yan Sihai turned around and walked out.

Yan Ruoxue’s face turned extremely pale. She desperately wanted to know about the outside world, but under Yan Sihai’s control, there was no way.

“Can you help me? Can you help me send a message to Qin Yu?” Yan Ruoxue had no choice but to turn to the servant of the Yan family.

The servant was very secretive about this. She hurriedly waved her hand and said, “Miss Yan, don’t make things difficult for me. If Mr. Yan finds out, we’ll be finished...”

Ever since the servant was killed by Yan Sihai, no one dared to help Yan Ruoxue anymore.

Even Yan Ruoxue’s biological father, Yan Yongxiu, didn’t dare to come and see Yan Ruoxue.

The long-term oppression made Yan Ruoxue’s body become weaker and weaker.

Updates by

Her face became increasingly pale and she coughed from time to time.

Yan Sihai invited a doctor to treat Yan Ruoxue, but he couldn’t find out about anything.

In the end, the doctor came to a conclusion: Yan Ruoxue had a mental illness that couldn’t be treated.

...

Time flew by, and in the blink of an eye, a month had passed.

During this period of time, Qin Yu barely left the Elders’ Residence.

Every day, he would consume a handful of Vitality Enhancing Pills.

The excessive spiritual energy made it difficult for Qin Yu’s body to bear for a moment.

It was as if his entire dantian was about to explode.

“Mr. Qin, if it’s really unbearable... stop for a while.” Even Yao Qing couldn’t stand it anymore.

However, Qin Yu waved his hand and said, “I don’t have that much time to waste.”

“But... your body won’t be able to take it if this goes on.” Yao Qing sighed.

Just as Yao Qing said, Qin Yu looked a little weak under the wrapping of the excessive amount of spiritual energy, as if his physical strength had been exhausted.

This wasn’t the most important thing. The most important thing was that Qin Yu’s dantian had been opened again and again, and was on the verge of exploding many times.

But even so, Qin Yu still didn’t show any signs of stopping.

He tried his best to control the spiritual energy and slowly circulated it in his body.

“Puff!”

At this moment, Qin Yu’s body couldn’t bear it anymore.

He spat out a mouthful of blood. Looking inside, he could even see layers of cracks and traces of blood outside his dantian.

“Mr. Qin!” Yao Qing rushed over and supported Qin Yu.

Qin Yu wiped the blood stains from the corner of his mouth and murmured, “It seems that I really have to rest for a while...”

Qin Yu had already stepped into the sixth level of the Monastic Stage.

As long as he successfully broke through to the Monastic Stage within half a year, Qin Yu was confident in going to Jingdu.

However, the further one progressed in cultivation, the more difficult it became. The more spiritual energy one needed, which was why Qin Yu didn’t dare to waste time.

Qin Yu returned to his room with the help of Yao Qing.

“I wonder what my actual strength is like at level six of the Monastic Stage,” Qin Yu clenched his fist and muttered in a low voice.

However, there was no one in the entire Divine Alchemist Pavilion who was suitable for sparring.

This was because the people in the Divine Alchemist Pavilion were either top-notch Inner Strength Grandmasters, such as the eight Law Enforcement Elders, or guardians. Qin Yu’s strength couldn’t compare to their current strength.

Other than them, the others weren’t Qin Yu’s match.

“How worrying,” Qin Yu muttered.

At this moment, Qin Yu suddenly thought of a person.

That was Qiao Wu, who was sent by the Yan family!

Although he was also at the peak of the Inner Strength Grandmaster realm, there was still quite a big gap between him and the Law Enforcement Elders.

Perhaps, he was the best candidate to practice with!

“Yao Qing, has Qiao Wu left?” Qin Yu hurriedly looked at Yao Qing and asked.

Yao Qing shook his head and said, “Qiao Wu has been wandering around the Divine Alchemist Pavilion during this period of time.”

“Okay.” Qin Yu nodded.

In that case, he would look for Qiao Wu to practice his skills.

Of course, Qin Yu’s dantian was damaged and he needed some time to recuperate. Therefore, Qin Yu wasn’t in a hurry to go out.

“Mr. Qin, it’s best for you to discuss this matter with the Pavilion Master. What if she doesn’t agree?” Yao Qing said.

Qin Yu nodded.

Everyone knew that the Pavilion Master of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion had taken care of Qin Yu. Even if it was just out of respect, Qin Yu should go inform her.

Therefore, Qin Yu left the Elders’ Residence and walked towards the Pavilion Master’s building.

“Elder Qin, have you come out of seclusion?” On the way, someone saw Qin Yu and greeted him warmly.

Qin Yu also replied politely, “I’ve rested for a few days. My body can’t take it anymore.”

“Elder Qin, we’ve all heard your story. I really admire you!” Someone gave Qin Yu a thumbs up.

This also made Qin Yu feel a little embarrassed. After he responded to them politely one by one, he quickly walked towards the Pavilion Master’s building.

Very soon, Qin Yu arrived at the Pavilion Master’s building.

The Pavilion Master seemed to have anticipated Qin Yu’s return. Therefore, as soon as he appeared, the pharmacist above him shouted, “Elder Qin, please come up.”

Qin Yu took a deep leap and arrived at the Pavilion Master’s building.

The Pavilion Master was sitting on a rattan chair while quietly overlooking more than half of Qinghe town.

“Greetings, Pavilion Master.” Qin Yu walked forward and said with a slight bow.

The Pavilion Master said indifferently, “Have you finished your seclusion?”

Qin Yu scratched his head and said, “Recently, my body has been unable to bear it anymore, so I’ll rest for a while.”

The Pavilion Master glanced at Qin Yu and said indifferently, “One’s body naturally can’t tolerate excessive spiritual energy in the body, unless...”

At this point, the Pavilion Master paused for a moment and didn’t continue.

Qin Yu was stunned and asked anxiously, “Unless what?”

The Pavilion Master stood up and said, “Unless you have a Meridian Circulation Technique.”

“Meridian Circulation Technique?” Qin Yu was instantly ecstatic!

He immediately knelt on the ground and said, “Pavilion Master, can you teach me the Meridian Circulation Technique?”

The Pavilion Master glanced at Qin Yu from the corner of her eyes and said, “You want to ask others for everything?Can’t you find it yourself?”

Qin Yu was a little embarrassed. He scratched his head and said, “I’m sorry, I was too impatient...”

“But... where should I look for the Meridian Circulation Technique?”

Qin Yu looked through his inherited memories and didn’t find the Meridian Circulation Technique.

The Pavilion Master glanced at Qin Yu and said, “Do you really want it?”

Qin Yu nodded without hesitation and said, “Yes! The Meridian Circulation Technique is indispensable to me.”

“Okay.” The Pavilion Master stood up.

“Prepare yourself. I’ll bring you there tomorrow.”

“But you have to think it over carefully. Many people have tried to master the Meridian Circulation Technique over the years, but all of them failed.”

“There is only one consequence of failure, and that is death.”

Qin Yu was instantly stunned.

Death? This... The price was too heavy...

“What, are you afraid?” The Pavilion Master asked indifferently.

Qin Yu gritted his teeth and said, “For me, I can only seek great gains through risking things. Otherwise, I definitely won’t have a chance.”

“Alright, this is your own choice. You have to bear the consequences yourself.” The Pavilion Master nodded slightly.

Qin Yu didn’t say anything more. He cupped his hands once again, turned around, and prepared to leave.

At this moment, a crisp cracking sound was suddenly heard from Qin Yu’s neck.

The jade pendant hanging on Qin Yu’s neck was broken.

“This... this...” Qin Yu’s face instantly turned pale!

This was because this jade pendant was personally refined by Qin Yu back then.

One was given to Yan Ruoxue and the other was hung on his neck.

If anything happened to Yan Ruoxue, the jade pendant would be shattered immediately!