Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 383: Imminent Danger! Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Even though they were separated by the phone, Qin Yu could still feel the cold aura emanating from Han Wei’s body.

“What, you lost your cool just like that?” Qin Yu sneered.

Han Wei suppressed his anger and said, “What’s the point of provoking me? I don’t believe that you can hide in the Divine Alchemist Pavilion forever!”

“You should have heard about my wedding with Yan Ruoxue, right? Haha, if you are willing to hide in the Divine Alchemist Pavilion, I don’t mind.”

“Oh right, let me tell you secretly. After I marry Yan Ruoxue, I will definitely torture her mercilessly! I will make her suffer so much that she will wish she was dead!”

He was obviously deliberately provoking Qin Yu.

Qin Yu said coldly, “Han Wei, you won’t have the chance to marry Yan Ruoxue, because you aren’t worthy.”

“Cherish the last half a year you have left. When the time comes, I’ll let everyone know that you, Han Wei, are a good-for-nothing who only relies on your family!”

After saying that, Qin Yu hung up the phone and blacklisted Han Wei.

On the other end, Han Wei hadn’t finished venting his anger, so he was naturally extremely angry inside.

On the other end, Qin Yu was also in a bad mood.

Qin Yu, who was already extremely anxious, didn’t want to delay even a minute after Han Wei’s provocation.

He turned around and went to Old Mister Yan’s room.

At this moment, Old Mister Yan was sitting cross-legged against the wall, as if he was self-reflecting.

Updates by

“Old Mister Yan.” Qin Yu walked to the table and sat down.

Old Mister Yan slowly turned his head. He looked at Qin Yu and said, “You’re here.”

Qin Yu took out a bank card from his pocket and handed it to Old Mister Yan.

“Ruoxue gave this to me. After thinking about it, I think it’s better for you to keep it,” said Qin Yu.

Old Mister Yan waved his hand and said, “There’s no need. Since it’s for you, you should take it.”

“No.” Qin Yu handed the bank card to Old Mister Yan.

He took a deep breath and said, “Old Mister Yan, you must take this money. Not only for your own sake, but also for my sake.”

“Oh really?” Old Mister Yan raised his eyebrows and waited for Qin Yu to continue.

Qin Yu slowly said, “I’ve heard about your business achievements. Since you can be called Emperor Yan, your abilities are naturally not something I can imagine.”

“During this period of time, I’ve thought that if I really want to take down the Yan family and the Han family, it’s absolutely impossible to rely on force alone.”

“Whether it’s business, connections, or force, you can’t lack any of them.”

When he heard Qin Yu’s words, Old Mister Yan couldn’t help but be a little surprised.

“This money will be used as starting capital. I hope you can assist me,” Qin Yu said seriously.

Although he sounded a little arrogant, it was the truth.

Currently, Old Mister Yan could only assist Qin Yu. Everything had to be centered around Qin Yu.

Old Mister Yan took the bank card, then stroked his beard and smiled. “Haha, well then. I didn’t expect you to be so meticulous.”

“But have you ever considered a problem? If you are strong enough, perhaps you don’t need to do business?” Old Mister Yan asked.

“I know, but I don’t have that much time,” said Qin Yu.

With the urgency at hand, Qin Yu definitely couldn’t bet everything on himself.

Old Mister Yan thought for a moment, then nodded and said, “Okay! I agree!”

“Thank you.” Qin Yu cupped his hands, then turned around and left.

The next morning, Qin Yu came to the courtyard early and waited for the Pavilion Master.

At the same time, Taozi and Yao Qing came back after buying breakfast.

After seeing Qin Yu, Yao Qing ran over.

“Mr. Qin, why are you here? This is the steamed bun I just bought. Eat it while it’s hot.” Yao Qing stuffed the steamed bun to Qin Yu.

Qin Yu didn’t stand on ceremony. He took the steamed bun and stuffed it into his mouth.

The three of them sat on the steps and chatted while eating.

“Mr. Qin, why did you suddenly come to the square today?” Yao Qing asked while wolfing down the steamed bun. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Qin Yu finished the steamed bun in his hand and said, “The Pavilion Master said that she would take me to a place where I can learn the Meridian Circulation Technique.”

“Meridian Circulation Technique?” Upon hearing this, Taozi was a little surprised.

Qin Yu glanced at Taozi and said, “Do you know it?”

Taozi nodded and said, “I’ve heard of it. It’s said that this Meridian Circulation Technique was left behind by a big shot. With the Meridian Circulation Technique, the cultivation will be twice the result with half the effort.”

Qin Yu didn’t say anything and motioned for Taozi to continue.

Taozi continued, “But the method to obtain this cultivation method is very difficult. I heard that a peak-stage Inner Strength Grandmaster who was at a bottleneck once tried it. Unfortunately, he failed and his soul was scattered on the spot.”

“His soul scattered?” When he heard this, Yao Qing’s eyes immediately widened.

“Yes, but I’m not sure whether it’s true or not,” Taozi said.

While the two of them were chatting, the other pharmacists also surrounded them.

What Qin Yu didn’t expect was that these people had all heard of the Meridian Circulation Technique! Moreover, the legends they spoke of were about the same.

“Elder Qin, you have to consider it carefully. It seems that no one has succeeded in so many years.”

“That’s right. In any case, no one in the entire Divine Alchemist Pavilion dares to try it.”

“I heard that even Martial Marquis had died on it. If he died, there would be nothing left.”

Even when he heard the words of the crowd, Qin Yu’s determination didn’t waver in the slightest.

Because he knew very clearly that at his current rate of progress, Qin Yu had absolutely no chance of defeating Han Wei, let alone snatching the marriage.

If he failed to snatch the marriage, it was impossible to know what kind of torment Yan Ruoxue would suffer.

“Thank you all for your worries, but I have already made up my mind. There’s no need for you all to dissuade me.” Qin Yu cupped his hands and said.

At this moment, a wave of restlessness suddenly came from not far away.

“Greetings, Lord Pavilion Master.” After that, many alchemists stood up one after another.

Qin Yu also hurriedly stood up and said, “Lord Pavilion Master.”

“Are you ready?” The Pavilion Master’s narrow and long eyes glanced at Qin Yu.

Qin Yu said with a determined tone, “I’m ready.”

“Then let’s go.” The Pavilion Master turned around and said.

“Lord Pavilion Master, do you really want to take him to that place?” At this moment, the Fifth Elder suddenly stopped the Pavilion Master.

The Pavilion Master glanced at him and said, “What do you think?”

The Fifth Elder frowned and said, “Lord Pavilion Master, isn’t this... a little too risky... with Qin Yu’s talent, he doesn’t need the Meridian Circulation Technique! As long as he has enough time, he will definitely become powerful!”

“What we lack now is time.” Qin Yu said with a bitter smile.

“Fifth Elder, thank you for your concern, but I have to go no matter what.” Qin Yu said.

The Fifth Elder gritted his teeth and said, “Lord Pavilion Master, can I go with you?”

“I want to go too!”

“Lord Pavilion Master, let us go and watch together!”

Everyone in the Divine Alchemist Pavilion wanted to go and watch this moment.