Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 387: Shocked the World! Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

That huge palm was already reaching towards him!

Even if they wanted to stop it now, it was too late!

Everyone could only watch helplessly as that huge hand slapped towards Qin Yu!

“Haha, don’t even think about stepping on the stairway to heaven!” Qiao Wu roared crazily!

Qin Yu, who was about to step on the stairway to heaven, looked coldly at that huge hand.

His expression was ice-cold, like that of Satan!

“Boom!”

Just as the huge hand was about to hit Qin Yu, Qin Yu raised his fist and met it with a loud bang!

A huge collision happened at this moment!

Qin Yu’s fist was extremely powerful!

The moment it touched the palm, it actually pierced through the huge hand!

Meanwhile, Qin Yu stood firmly on the eighteenth level and his eyes were staring coldly in a certain direction.

“How... how is this possible?!” Qiao Wu’s face instantly turned pale!

Wasn’t Qin Yu already on the verge of death? How could he still have such battle prowess?

Updates by

Although this palm strike didn’t use his full strength, it wouldn’t be a problem for him to kill an Inner Strength Past Master, or even a beginner Inner Strength Grandmaster!

“You’re courting death.” The Pavilion Master’s expression gradually turned cold.

Her gaze turned towards Qiao Wu’s direction. The icy coldness caused Qiao Wu to feel terrified!

“Oh no!” Qiao Wu felt afraid and immediately ran away!

“You want to leave?” Just as the Pavilion Master was about to attack, Qin Yu, who was in the sky, said, “Pavilion Master, let him go.”

“Huh?” The Pavilion Master frowned slightly and was slightly shocked.

Qin Yu said coldly, “I will kill him myself.”

Hearing this, the Pavilion Master couldn’t help but feel stunned.

However, she still promised Qin Yu and didn’t chase after him.

Qin Yu didn’t say anything more. He took a step forward and stepped on the huge palm.

At this moment, everything disappeared, and everything returned to tranquility.

Qin Yu dragged his injured body and stood alone on the huge hand.

His eyes scanned the surroundings, but the big hand was empty.

The legendary Meridian Circulation Technique was nowhere to be seen.

“Could the legend be... fake?” Qin Yu’s expression was a little ugly.

He had risked his life to climb onto the big hand. If it was fake, how could he accept it?!

Qin Yu stood there dazedly, as if he was stunned.

“Qin Yu, how is it? Did you get the cultivation technique?” Below, the Fifth Elder was still shouting at the top of his lungs.

However, there was no sound from above.

“What’s going on?” This made everyone feel slightly uneasy.

The Pavilion Master waved her hand, causing things to quieten down for the time being.

The surroundings were completely silent, and not a single sound could be heard.

Ten minutes later, Qin Yu slowly walked down from this huge hand.

Everyone stared at him, as if he was a peerless hero.

“Phew.”

After walking down the stairway, Qin Yu let out a long breath.

“How is it? Did you get the technique?” The Fifth Elder asked anxiously.

Qin Yu was silent for a moment, then suddenly grinned and said, “I got it.”

“Where is it?” The Fifth Elder quickly asked.

Qin Yu couldn’t help but sigh. “It’s in the process of climbing up the stairway.”

“What do you mean?” The Fifth Elder asked in confusion.

Qin Yu pointed at the stairway to heaven and said, “The cultivation technique is hidden in the subliminal influence of climbing the stairway to heaven.”

When he saw that there was nothing, Qin Yu was also confused.

But when he recalled the difficulties of climbing the stairway to heaven, Qin Yu understood.

That Meridian Circulation Technique was the process of climbing the stairway to heaven, not a specific technique.

Qin Yu tried to use his heart to circulate the spiritual energy in his body. As expected, this time, the spiritual energy was like a stream flowing through his entire body.

Every time he circulated it, he would absorb 10% of the spiritual energy.

Compared to before, it was several times faster.

“Let’s go back.” Qin Yu looked at the crowd and grinned.

The crowd was clearly confused about the situation. Qin Yu was the first to leave.

After returning to the Divine Alchemist Pavilion, Qin Yu went straight to his Elders’ Residence and sat down cross-legged.

“Qin Yu, you’re seriously injured. You should rest for a few days,” said the Pavilion Master.

Qin Yu shook his head and said with a smile, “Time is precious. This little injury is nothing.”

“Elder Qin, you’re really the most hardworking person I have ever met!”

“That’s right. If I had your talent, I would never risk my life!”

Qin Yu couldn’t help but mutter, “If possible, who would be willing to risk their lives...”

... Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The news of Qin Yu forcefully breaking through the stairway to heaven spread like wildfire.

In less than a day, it had spread throughout the entire Martial Arts Forum!

This news was sensational in the martial arts world! Because since ancient times, no one had ever successfully broken through the stairway to heaven!

Not even the genius Jiang He!

“Qin Yu actually broke through the stairway to heaven! He’s the first person in history!”

“This kind of ability is unrivaled!”

“Oh my god, there’s actually someone in the world who can break through the stairway to heaven! It’s mind-blowing!”

“Qin Yu is definitely the top in our generation!”

The news continued to spread, and almost reached the ears of every martial artist!

In an instant, Qin Yu’s name was famous throughout the martial arts world! Almost everyone knew about him!

There were also those who weren’t convinced and thought that the stairway to heaven wasn’t as difficult as the legends said, so they imitated Qin Yu and forced their way through the stairway to heaven.

But in the end, there was only one result, and that was the destruction of both body and soul!

For three days, this piece of news dominated the Martial Arts Forum’s top ranking.

There were more than 100,000 comments! It was enough to show the sensationalism of forcefully breaking through the stairway to heaven!

Jingdu, Han family.

Han Wei looked at the message on his phone with an extremely ugly expression!

“How is this possible?! How is this possible?!” Han Wei roared crazily!

Qin Yu’s talent was obviously above his!

Not only Han Wei, but Han Meng and Yan Sihai also heard about this news.

This was the first time they felt a sense of danger!

A person who was able to forcefully charge up the stairway to heaven would have limitless future potential! He might even become a threat to the aristocratic families!

“We must get rid of Qin Yu as soon as possible.” Yan Sihai’s expression was ice cold.

Han Meng narrowed his eyes and said, “This child can be a threat to us in three years at most!”

“If he doesn’t die, we won’t be able to rest and eat in peace!”

Even though that was the case, Qin Yu was in the Divine Alchemist Pavilion, so there was no way to kill him.

“We can only wait.” Yan Sihai let out a long sigh.

All they could do was wait for Yan Ruoxue and Han Wei’s wedding.

“He won’t be able to turn the tables in half a year’s time,” Yan Sihai said with a cold snort.

At this moment, Han Wei appeared somewhat gloomy.

This was the biggest blow he had received!

At night, Han Wei suddenly pushed open Han Meng’s door.

He stood in front of Han Meng and said, “Dad, I want to go to the Jingdu Martial Arts Association to train in seclusion.”

Han Meng frowned slightly and said, “Go to the Jingdu Martial Arts Association?”

“Yes, Dad, please help me find the President!” Han Wei fell to his knees with a plop.

Han Meng sat up from the bed.

He thought for a moment, then nodded and said, “Okay, I promise you.”

The Jingdu Martial Arts Association wasn’t just an official organization. Rumor had it that they had more resources than any aristocratic family in the world.