Chapter 463: Facing He Teng! Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

When they sensed Qin Yu’s internal qi, a trace of shock flashed across everyone’s faces!

“How could Qin Yu’s internal qi be so powerful?!”

“Peak-stage Inner Strength Grandmaster? Even peak-stage Inner Strength Grandmasters don’t have such a powerful internal qi.”

“Could it be that he has also stepped into the half-step Martial Marquis realm? Impossible. Although this internal qi is powerful, it is slightly different from the internal qi of a half-step Martial Marquis.”

The crowd discussed animatedly. Their interest in this battle grew.

“How is it? Do you still doubt it now?” Qin Yu said indifferently with his hands behind his back.

He Teng’s expression was even ugly. He glared at Qin Yu and said through gritted teeth, “You... you actually entered the Water Rhyme Tower!”

“Yes.” Qin Yu sneered.

“What do you think I’ve been doing these past few days?”

The anger in He Teng’s heart had already reached its peak!

Qin Yu had already ruined his plans many times. First, he snatched away the Dragon Spirit, and now, he snatched away the Water Rhyme Tower. How could He Teng tolerate this?!

But very quickly, He Teng’s expression eased up.

He narrowed his eyes and said, “So what if you entered the Water Rhyme Tower? As long as you haven’t stepped into the half-step Martial Marquis Realm, you’re not my match!”

“After I kill you, the Water Rhyme Tower will still be mine!”

Qin Yu sneered and said, “Then come try it.”

Before he could finish his words, He Teng shouted and his fist instantly closed in on Qin Yu!

Qin Yu raised his hand to meet him head-on. The moment the two fists collided, an energy wave spread out in all directions with the two of them as the center!

Just the probing from both sides had forced back countless people!

Many Inner Strength Grandmasters couldn’t help but take a few steps back!

“There’s no need for this kind of probing.” Qin Yu released He Teng and said coldly.

He Teng took a deep breath, and a trace of solemnity flashed across his face.

Just a simple collision had already made He Teng feel a trace of pressure.

“He must die. Otherwise, there will be endless trouble in the future...” that hoarse voice sounded in He Teng’s mind.

He Teng didn’t say anything more as he looked at Qin Yu coldly. The internal qi of a half-step Martial Marquis exploded in an instant!

This internal qi was powerful than Qin Yu’s!

The terrifying internal qi made people tremble!

Those who were weaker vomited blood!

If it weren’t for Jiang He secretly making a move, the bodies of the ordinary people present would have been shattered!

“As a half-step Martial Marquis, you indeed live up to your reputation.” Looking at He Teng, Qin Yu sighed.

He Teng said coldly, “Qin Yu, you really... deserve to die ten thousand times!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

After saying that, He Teng disappeared into thin air!

In the next second, He Teng appeared in the sky above Qin Yu!

His entire body seemed to have turned into a sharp blade, and the light from above stabbed down fiercely toward Qin Yu’s head!

The ground beneath Qin Yu’s feet immediately shattered, and it stirred up a myriad of waves on the surface of the lake!

This was one of He Teng’s killing moves. It was extremely powerful, and even Qin Yu didn’t dare to neglect it!

“Absolute Beginning Sacred Fist!”

A golden light instantly rose up and he met the attack head-on!

“Boom!”

It sounded as if there was a huge collision. The resplendent light almost made it impossible for them to open their eyes!

Qin Yu’s body was like a nail as it smashed into the ground!

Dense cracks appeared on the soil under his feet. Then, a huge pit that was several meters wide appeared in everyone’s field of vision!

From just this attack, the clothes on the two of them were shattered, revealing their strong muscles.

The two of them looked at each other with seriousness on their faces.

“So powerful... if it were me, I’m afraid I’d already be dead...” an Inner Strength Grandmaster said in a trembling voice.

“Even a peak Inner Strength Grandmaster would probably be heavily injured in the center of this internal qi.”

“I really didn’t expect Qin Yu to be so powerful...”

Qin Yu crawled out of the pit. He patted off the dirt on his body and said coldly, “Do you still want to continue testing the waters? He Teng, I don’t believe that this is all you’ve got up your sleeve”

“What?! They were just testing the waters”

“That destructive spell was just for testing the waters?”

“Their strength seems to have exceeded our imagination...”

The people around were extremely shocked. They wreaked havoc on such a large scale just for testing the waters. What would the real fight be like?

He Teng looked at Qin Yu coldly and said, “I’ve really underestimated you...”

Qin Yu sneered and said, “Bring out your trump card. Otherwise, you won’t have a chance.”

As he spoke, Qin Yu’s body flashed with a golden light. The third level of the Saintly Body Technique was revealed at this moment.

The golden light made Qin Yu indestructible, and at a glance, he looked like a golden immortal.

On the other hand, He Teng no longer hid his strength either. His entire body emitted a strange internal qi, and several imprints were showed on his chest. The internal qi of his body was extremely strong.

“Could these imprints be Spirit Pills?” Qin Yu frowned.

He Teng remained silent, then he sneered and said, “Qin Yu, I’ll show you what a true half-step Martial Marquis is!”

After saying that, He Teng arrived in front of Qin Yu in the blink of an eye!

“Fight my body? Are you crazy?” Qin Yu sneered repeatedly. His golden palm drew a parabola and ruthlessly struck toward He Teng!

“Swish!”

Just as the palm was about to land on He Teng’s body, He Teng suddenly disappeared!

His extremely fast speed even left an afterimage in the air!

“Bang!”

Before Qin Yu could regain his senses, a huge palm smashed onto Qin Yu’s spine!

With just one punch, the golden light on Qin Yu’s body was directly shattered!

With one punch penetrating through the Saintly Body Technique, the half-step Martial Marquis title was well deserved!

“Swish!”

Without waiting for Qin Yu’s reaction, He Teng attacked again and smashed Qin Yu’s chest at an extremely fast speed!

“Clang!”

Qin Yu retreated seven to eight steps in a row, and his chest sank slightly!

Even Qin Yu’s physical body could not withstand facing a half-step Martial Marquis!

“Bang! Bang! Bang!”

He Teng struck while the iron was hot. His body was like a cannonball as it smashed into Qin Yu’s body from all sorts of strange angles.

The attack seemed simple and unadorned, but it contained a destructive power!

Everyone could only see He Teng’s afterimages, as well as Qin Yu, who was knocked to the side!

“Pu!”

Under this impact, Qin Yu couldn’t withstand it anymore. A mouthful of blood suddenly spurted out from his mouth!

“It seems that there is still a difference between Qin Yu and He Teng.”

“Yes. After all, He Teng is a half-step Martial Marquis and Qin Yu is a peak Inner Strength Grandmaster. It is already impressive that Qin Yu didn’t get defeated immediately.”

“Master, it seems that you’ve overestimated Qin Yu,” Jiang He’s disciple said gloatingly.

Jiang He stroked his beard and said, “Not necessarily.”

“Humph, not necessarily? Qin Yu was beaten so badly that he didn’t even have the strength to fight back. It’s obvious that he is going to lose,” his disciple said unwillingly.

Jiang He stared ahead and said indifferently, “Look, Qin Yu is starting to fight back.”