Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 465: Just So-so! Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Jiang He’s eyes were filled with shock, and he even lost his composure!

Even his disciple at the side said in surprise, “Master, what’s wrong? I’ve never seen you show this expression before...”

Jiang He didn’t say anything. His eyes were fixed in Qin Yu’s direction.

Qin Yu’s internal qi was getting denser and denser. The kaleidoscopic radiance kept lingering around his body while forming a sharp contrast with the black light in the sky.

“Rumble!”

Finally, with a loud sound, Qin Yu’s body suddenly expanded!

His height, which was only 1.7 meters, suddenly increased to nearly three meters!

At a glance, he looked like a giant!

All the light started to be restrained at this moment. Qin Yu’s body was once again dyed with a golden hue!

“It’s really the cosmic form!” The shock in Jiang He’s eyes became more and more intense.

“Cosmic form? What’s that?” His disciple asked in confusion.

Jiang He didn’t say anything. He stared in Qin Yu’s direction. After a while, he couldn’t help but smile bitterly and say, “It’s unbelievable...”

Qin Yu’s body grew bigger, and his internal qi also became denser.

However, the real improvement of the cosmic form was still his physical body!

At this moment, Qin Yu’s physical body and strength had both improved qualitatively!

“What is this?!” It was obvious that He Teng had never seen this technique before.

He sneered and said, “Quit putting on an act. This technique isn’t worth mentioning!”

Qin Yu didn’t say a word. He looked at the black light in He Teng’s hand, and a trace of coldness flashed in his eyes.

“Venerable Fifth Mountain, Rise!”

Then, Qin Yu shouted loudly, and the Venerable Fifth Mountain immediately hung above his head!

With so many add-ons such as magic artifacts, the power of the Divine Dragon, and Divine Rank techniques, Qin Yu’s strength had already reached an unfathomable level!

“What is this thing?” The onlookers also began to discuss in a low voice.

“I know quite a lot about the body-enlarging spell, but it doesn’t seem to be very effective. It looks powerful on the surface, but it’s actually quite weak.”

“That’s right. Strength doesn’t lie in the size of the body, but in the depth of the internal qi. Although Qin Yu’s body has become much larger, the growth of his internal qi is somewhat insufficient.”

On the other hand, the black light in He Teng’s hand made people even more terrified.

Even though they were far away, they could still feel the intense murderous internal qi contained in the light!

“Qin Yu, today is the day you die!” He Teng raised his head and roared. The black light in his hand was hurled at Qin Yu fiercely!

The moment it was thrown, everyone felt their hearts thump!

It was like a meteorite, carrying an intense pressure, falling from the sky!

“Pu!”

Even a peak Inner Strength Grandmaster couldn’t withstand this force and spat out a mouthful of blood on the spot!

As for ordinary Inner Strength Grandmasters, they knelt on the ground and struggled to withstand this pressure!

“Pu Chi!”

There were even some who turned into a pool of blood mist and exploded out of thin air!

Jiang He immediately waved his large palm, and a gentle power temporarily protected everyone.

“Stand further away, or don’t blame others if you die!” Jiang He’s disciple couldn’t help but berate.

Hearing this, everyone quickly retreated hundreds of meters because they were afraid that they would be implicated!

“Rumble...”

The black light turned into a ball, and with extremely strong pressure, it rolled towards Qin Yu!

Qin Yu’s expression was solemn, and his muscles bulged. Every inch of his body contained the power to destroy mountains and rivers!

“Bring it on!” Qin Yu roared. He raised his hands and met the attack head-on!

“This kid wants to fight head-on!”

“Is he crazy? I feel like my bones are about to be crushed even though we are so far away. He wants to fight head-on!”

“Mr. Qin!” Jiang Gu and the others shouted in unison!

“Boom!”

Finally, the black light collided with Qin Yu’s hands!

In an instant, the ground under Qin Yu’s feet exploded! It turned into a pile of ruins!

At this distance, Qin Yu’s legs kept sinking, and a huge pit was formed on the ground!

Looking at the devastating scene, everyone gasped.

The black light was still pressing down, and everything that was close to it was turned into dust. Even the lake water evaporated instantly!

“It’s useless,” He Teng said with a cold smile.

“But you’re worthy of praise for being able to hold on for so long.”

This pressure was beyond imagination. Qin Yu’s body felt like it was being violently squeezed, and traces of blood dripped out.

“Kacha!!”

Finally, his body couldn’t take it anymore. His bones pierced through his shoulders, and he was naked!

Looking at the ghastly white bones, everyone turned pale!

“Ah!!!” Qin Yu, his hands firmly supporting the black light, roared angrily!

His legs shone brightly, and in an instant, the light was actually pushed back!

“Hehe, you’re overestimating yourself.” He Teng snorted coldly. He reached out with his palm, and the light surged once again!

Qin Yu’s body sank down again, and this time, layers of cracks appeared on the bones of his legs!

“He can’t take it anymore. His body can’t take it anymore,” someone said in a low voice.

“It’s already pretty good that he could get this far.”

“Qin Yu is a true God. As an Inner Strength Grandmaster, he forced He Teng to such an extent.”

“He is a person worthy of respect.”

Even though they had expected Qin Yu’s ending, at this moment, everyone praised Qin Yu. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Kacha!

The light passed through Qin Yu’s hands, as if it wanted to swallow him up.

At this moment, even Jiang He’s face flashed with a trace of solemnity.

The light continued to descend. In a short while, more than half of Qin Yu’s body had disappeared into the light!

“Mr. Qin...” Yao Qing’s face was pale, and anguish appeared on his pale face.

Finally, Qin Yu’s entire body was swallowed by the light.

The crowd fell into silence, and the stubborn golden light completely disappeared into thin air.

“Once one is swallowed by the four symbols demonic seal, there won’t be any chance to escape. What a pity.” Jiang He sighed slightly.

He understood the four symbols demonic seal. It was a unique cultivation technique. As long as the practitioner’s realm was above the opponent’s, he would be crushed upon contact!

Even if the opponent was lucky enough to survive this pressure, he would still be swallowed by it.

Once swallowed, there would be no chance of escape.

“If given some more time, he would have definitely become a person who changed the world...”

At this moment, even Jiang He’s disciple sighed for Qin Yu.

“Let’s go.” Jiang He waved his hand and said.

“Yes, Master.” His disciple nodded and prepared to leave.

The surrounding people also sighed. “In the end, he was still slightly weaker in terms of realm. Even though he lost, it was still glorious.”

“The name Qin Yu will definitely live on forever.”

“It’s time to go. Everything is over.”

Just when everyone was about to turn around and leave, a crack suddenly appeared in the black ball of light!

“Ah!!”

With an angry roar, a golden light appeared in the crack of the black ball of light!

One, two, three!

Countless dazzling lights penetrated the black ball of light, like a full moon in the dark night, before illuminating the entire sky!

“How... how is this possible?!” At this moment, even Jiang He was filled with shock!