Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 467: The Han Family Was Shocked! Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Qin Yu had actually learned this technique on the spot!

He Teng was extremely shocked!

He had been learning the four symbols demonic seal for several years before he could comprehend it, but Qin Yu had used such a short amount of time?

“Buzz!”

The golden light in Qin Yu’s palm grew increasingly brighter, and the golden light on his body completely faded away.

As Qin Yu’s palm moved forward, this light crushed towards He Teng!

“Ah!!”

The moment he touched it, He Teng felt a tremendous force bearing down on his shoulders!

He hurriedly took out his magic artifact to resist the light!

“Ka-cha!”

However, the magic artifact was shattered and continued to roll downwards!

He Teng had no choice but to continuously throw out his magic artifact.

One, two, three...

Several spiritual artifacts were all shattered by the light. It wasn’t until He Teng took out the Earth flask that he was finally able to resist the light!

Although the light couldn’t suppress He Teng, it quickly swallowed his body.

The golden light flickered in the darkness, and everyone was watching this scene.

Qin Yu was the same. He narrowed his eyes, but after a moment, he shook his head.

“After all, I just learned it, so I’m still lacking...” Qin Yu muttered softly.

Everyone looked at Qin Yu in confusion, as if they didn’t understand what Qin Yu meant.

“Crash!”

At this moment, the light suddenly shattered!

What appeared in front of everyone was a pitch-black cave entrance.

The cave entrance only appeared for an instant before quickly disappearing.

As for He Teng, he had already disappeared without a trace.

“He escaped.” Qin Yu sighed.

Qin Yu hadn’t completely comprehended the four symbols demonic seal. He had only tried to use it, so it was natural that he failed.

Otherwise, He Teng wouldn’t have had the chance to escape at all.

“A half-step Martial Marquis was actually beaten by an Inner Strength Grandmaster to the point of fleeing...”

“He Teng really lost miserably. Qin Yu is a freak...”

“If this kid had reached the half-step Martial Marquis realm, who could stop him?”

They had thought that Qin Yu had almost no chance of winning against Han Wei, but now, they seemed to have changed their view.

Once Qin Yu reached the half-step Martial Marquis realm, Han Wei would probably be the one to lose!

“Let’s go.” Jiang He waved his hand and turned to leave.

The rest of the people stepped forward one after another and congratulated Qin Yu.

“Mr. Qin is truly unparalleled in the world!”

“You defeated a half-step Martial Marquis with the strength of an Inner Strength Grandmaster. You’re the first person in history!”

“Mr. Qin is truly a God!”

In the distance, there was a camera pointed at Qin Yu.

The camera was very far away and could only capture a vague outline.

Qin Yu looked in the direction of the camera and said slowly, “I intend to establish my own sect. If you are interested, you can come and find me.”

This idea had been in Qin Yu’s mind for a long time. Now was the best opportunity!

“I promise everyone that I will give everyone sufficient resources,” Qin Yu said slowly.

“As long as you’re talented, I can let everyone become an Inner Strength Grandmaster within a year.”

These words immediately tempted countless people!

Becoming an Inner Strength Grandmaster within a year? Even the top sects and aristocratic families wouldn’t be able to achieve such a speed it.

“Mr. Qin, are you... telling the truth?” Someone asked anxiously.

Qin Yu nodded and said, “Of course it’s true.”

Yao Qing, who was beside him, hurriedly jumped out and said, “Mr. Qin is an Elder of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion! And he has a purple spiritual fire! His credibility is guaranteed!”

Even though that was the case, no one was in a hurry to make a decision.

After all, Qin Yu’s words might not necessarily be trustworthy.

Moreover, he had too many enemies.

“Mr. Qin, we will go back and consider it,” everyone expressed one after another.

Qin Yu naturally wouldn’t force it. He nodded and said, “Okay.”

After saying this, Qin Yu looked at Yao Qing, Taozi, Jiang Gu, and the others. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Let’s go,” Qin Yu said.

The few of them quickly nodded and followed Qin Yu out of Yiyang Lake.

...

He Teng fled for dozens of miles in one breath before he dared to stop and rest.

“Qin Yu... must be killed!” He Teng said in pain.

“He already knows the secret of the Water Rhyme Tower... I’m afraid the Water Rhyme Tower can’t be kept...” that hoarse voice sounded in He Teng’s mind.

He Teng gritted his teeth and said angrily, “The Water Rhyme Tower must never fall into Qin Yu’s hands!”

“Since I can’t get it, then I’ll announce it to the world! I want to see what how Qin Yu will be able to possess the Water Rhyme Tower!”

He Teng was extremely furious. He originally wanted to defeat Qin Yu to show the world that he had already reached the half-step Martial Marquis realm.

However, he never expected that the tables were turned on him!

Not only did he fail to establish his might, but he even became a joke!

“A half-step Martial Marquis lost to an Inner Strength Grandmaster. I’m afraid that you are also the first person in history...” that hoarse voice sounded in his mind.

“Shut up!” He Teng angrily berated.

“Qin Yu, just you wait. I swear that I will kill you!” A hint of viciousness flashed in He Teng’s eyes.

...

At this moment, the Martial Arts Forum was also in an uproar.

The video had long spread throughout the entire forum, and almost everyone was discussing this battle!

Qin Yu, who was at the peak of the Inner Strength Grandmaster realm, had defeated He Teng. Such a glorious battle record blew people’s minds!

“Qin Yu always brings us surprises.”

“Yeah, he’s the first to forcefully charge up the stairway to heaven, the first to challenge the aristocratic families of Jingdu, and the first to defeat a half-step Martial Marquis at the Inner Strength Grandmaster Realm...”

“Now, I feel that the one who should be afraid is Han Wei, right? Hahaha!”

The Han family of Jingdu.

At this moment, the Han family’s father and son were sitting in the study while their expressions were extremely gloomy.

“He Teng actually lost!” Han Meng said coldly.

After saying this, he looked at Han Wei and said coldly, “Qin Yu defeated a half-step Martial Marquis as an Inner Strength Grandmaster. Do you still think that Qin Yu isn’t a threat?”

Han Wei said unwillingly, “Dad, what right does He Teng have to be compared to me?!”

Han Meng slapped Han Wei in the face!

“Ignorant! Even if He Teng isn’t your opponent, how big is the gap between the two of you?” Han Meng said coldly.

“If Qin Yu steps into the half-step Martial Marquis realm before September 9th, what chance do you have to defeat him?”

Han Wei was speechless.

Just as Han Meng had said, if Qin Yu really reached the half-step Martial Marquis realm, then he would be the one to lose.

“I’ll go into seclusion now!” Han Wei suddenly stood up.

“Before September 9th, I’ll try to break into the Martial Marquis Realm.”

After saying this, Han Wei turned his head and walked out of the Han family before heading straight for the Jingdu Martial Arts Association.

Han Meng didn’t say anything. His eyes narrowed as he muttered, “We have to take certain measures. We can’t let Qin Yu continue to grow his power.”

...

Jingdu, Yan family.

Yan Sihai’s military advisor was standing by Yan Sihai’s side.

He was holding a cell phone in his hand. The video playing on the phone was the fight between Qin Yu and He Teng.