Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 469: The Secret of the Water Rhyme Tower! Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

The information He Teng had revealed was naturally extremely important.

However, as a high-ranking member of the Saint Confucian Sect, Elder Qu was naturally not a fool. He was extremely cautious.

“Why are you telling me all this?” Elder Qu asked with narrowed eyes.

He Teng replied indifferently, “You don’t need to know. If you don’t believe me, you can just pretend that I didn’t say anything.”

After saying this, He Teng turned around and was about to leave.

“He Teng!” At this time, Elder Qu suddenly shouted!

He said coldly, “Do you think that you can challenge the Saint Confucian Sect just because you’ve stepped into the half-step Martial Marquis Realm?”

He Teng turned around and said with an aloof smile, “Of course, I don’t have this intention. I know there are Martial Marquises in the Saint Confucian Sect.”

“But... Elder Qu, you aren’t a Martial Marquis, are you? As a half-step Martial Marquis, I’m not afraid of you.”

Then, He Teng glanced around and continued, “No one here seems to be able to do anything to me.”

Elder Qu’s expression turned colder. He looked at He Teng coldly and said, “Young man, don’t think too highly of yourself!”

After saying that, Elder Qu wave his big palm and a sharp inner strength rushed toward He Teng!

He Teng didn’t panic. He snorted coldly and raised his hand to confront it!

“Boom!”

Suddenly, a burst of explosive sound came from the hall!

Elder Qu’s palm instantly vanished into thin air!

He Teng said with some pride, “Elder Qu, you aren’t my match.”

Elder Qu said coldly, “Being too arrogant will get you into trouble!”

“I don’t think so,” He Teng said aloofly.

The smug He Teng originally wanted to establish his own sect and become someone that could rival or even surpass the Saint Confucianism Sect.

Now, although he had lost to Qin Yu, it didn’t change his ambition.

However, Elder Qu sneered. He put his hands behind his back and said slowly, “Do you think that you can talk nonsense in the Saint Confucianism Sect?”

He Teng remained silent and didn’t comment.

“Then I’ll show you how the Saint Confucianism Sect firmly maintains its position as the number one sect in the north!” Elder Qu shouted. Suddenly, rays of light came from the surroundings of the hall!

Powerful pressure was emitted from four different directions!

Weapons were hanging in four corners of the Great Hall!

“Buzz!”

As the pressure came, He Teng suddenly felt as if he was under a heavy burden. His body went soft, and with a plop, he knelt on the ground!

He Teng tried to resist, but he found that this force couldn’t be resisted at all! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“It’s a weapon of a Martial Marquis. Give up resisting...” a hoarse voice sounded in He Teng’s mind.

Although a weapon of a Martial Marquis was only a weapon, it contained a wisp of a Martial Marquis’ power!

This was definitely not something that a half-step Martial Marquis could compare to.

“Ah!!”

The pressure was still increasing, and He Teng’s body was about to be crushed!

“Elder... Elder Qu, I know I was wrong...” He Teng hurriedly shouted.

Elder Qu waved his hand, and the four rays of light began to disappear.

“He Teng, do you understand the difference now?” Elder Qu said coldly.

He Teng didn’t dare to say anything.

He knew that there was a huge difference between a half-step Martial Marquis and a Martial Marquis, but he never thought that just a Martial Marquis weapon could make him unable to move.

If Elder Qu had the intention to kill, this Martial Marquis weapon could even kill He Teng!

This was the characteristic of cultivation levels.

The higher the realm, the greater the difference.

If it was a talented Inner Strength Past Master, they might be able to defeat an Inner Strength Grandmaster.

But no one had ever been able to defeat a half-step Martial Marquis with an Inner Strength Grandmaster cultivation level.

And now, the weapon of a Martial Marquis could crush a half-step Martial Marquis. The difference was self-evident.

“Elder Qu, I was rash...” He Teng lowered his proud head.

Elder Qu snorted lightly and said indifferently, “Tell me, what exactly is the treasure you’re talking about.”

He Teng clenched his teeth and immediately told him everything.

After Elder Qu heard it, his eyes couldn’t help but shine.

“Is what you said true?” Elder Qu was a bit excited.

“Absolutely true!” He Teng said.

Elder Qu was silent for a moment, then he waved his hand and said, “Ask Wu Qian to take his men and go to Dongchuan immediately.”

“Yes.” His men immediately agreed.

A hint of coldness flashed in He Teng’s eyes.

“Since I can’t take possession of the Water Rhyme Tower, Qin Yu, don’t even think about taking it for yourself!” He Teng sneered to himself.

...

At this moment, Qin Yu was taking a plane to Dongchuan.

On the way, he took out his phone and sent a text message to the Pavilion Master of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion.

“Lord Pavilion Master, I urgently need large quantities of herbs. I wonder if you can help me think of a way.” Qin Yu said in the text message.

Not long after, the Pavilion Master replied.

Her reply was extremely short, with only a simple “Yes.”

After obtaining the Pavilion Master’s approval, Qin Yu heaved a sigh of relief.

The plane flew high in the sky.

About three hours later, it finally arrived at Dongchuan.

Qin Yu didn’t waste any time. He took a taxi and headed straight for the Meng family manor.

Currently, the Meng family manor was ownerless.

After Qin Yu arrived, the place was already in ruins.

“Such a huge area is the most suitable for establishing a sect.” Qin Yu looked at the huge area occupied by the Meng family manor and couldn’t help but think to himself.

With the Water Rhyme Tower, it shouldn’t be a problem to create a powerful sect.

After that, Qin Yu walked towards the Water Rhyme Tower.

Below the Water Rhyme Tower, there was a row of Inner Strength Grandmasters waiting there.

And within the Water Rhyme Tower, there was a peak Inner Strength Grandmaster scanning the surroundings.

This person was none other than the Saint Confucian Sect’s Wu Qian.

“It’s really like what He Teng said.” Wu Qian’s eyes couldn’t help but be filled with excitement.

“No wonder He Teng and Qin Yu’s cultivation speed is so fast. If I were in the Water Rhyme Tower, I wouldn’t be much weaker than them!” Wu Qian felt a little smug.

He quickly took out his phone and called Elder Qu.

“Elder Qu, everything is as He Teng said,” Wu Qian said excitedly.

Elder Qu agreed and said, “Okay, stay in the Water Rhyme Tower. I will go to Dongchuan immediately!”

“Yes!” Wu Qian shouted immediately.

After hanging up the phone, Wu Qian sat down cross-legged excitedly.

Such a good opportunity couldn’t be wasted.

Under the Water Rhyme Tower, Qin Yu looked at the row of Inner Strength Grandmasters and couldn’t help but frown.

“Stop!” One of them shouted loudly.

“This place has been requisitioned by the Saint Confucian Sect. Get lost quickly!”

“Saint Confucian Sect?” Qin Yu frowned.

Was it that sect that was known as the largest sect in the north?

“Oh no, the Water Rhyme Tower has actually been discovered by them.” Qin Yu frowned.

No, he had to hurry up and dig out the secret of this Water Rhyme Tower. Otherwise, it would definitely be snatched away by the Saint Confucian Sect!

Thinking of this, Qin Yu smashed his head into pieces.