Chapter 471: The Arrival Of the Saint Confucian Sect! Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Qin Yu’s face flashed with a trace of solemnity.

The people of the Hong Yi Sect had already entered the border? Those ten half-step Martial Marquises?

“Qin Yu, where are you now? I’ve discussed it with Commander Long, and I plan to let you enter the military district to hide first,” Uncle Wu said in a deep voice.

“At the same time, we’ll send people to capture the people of the Hong Yi Sect.”

This was a good idea, but Qin Yu couldn’t agree to it.

This was because there wasn’t much time left for Qin Yu. He didn’t know how long he would have to hide for.

Therefore, no matter what, Qin Yu had to step into the half-step Martial Marquis realm as soon as possible.

“Uncle Wu, thank you for your kindness.” Qin Yu took a deep breath.

“But I can’t enter the military district now.”

Uncle Wu was stunned and asked in confusion, “Why?”

Qin Yu said in a deep voice, “There’s only a little more than a month before Yan Ruoxue and Han Wei’s wedding day. I can’t afford to delay.”

“Although the military district is safe, at the same time, there will be a shortage of resources.”

“So... I can’t accept your kind offer.”

Uncle Wu said somewhat helplessly, “Qin Yu, if you die, everything will be in vain!”

Qin Yu was silent for a moment before saying, “I will think of a countermeasure.”

At this moment, Elder Qu, who wasn’t far away, had already walked over.

Their speed couldn’t be considered fast, but it was definitely not slow.

“Uncle Wu, I won’t talk to you for now. There are still some matters to attend to.”

After saying this, Qin Yu hurriedly hung up the phone.

Then, Qin Yu stared at the group of people in the distance while quietly waiting for their arrival.

After more than ten minutes, they finally arrived in front of Qin Yu.

The leader was an old man wearing a Chinese tunic suit. His expression was cold, and his bearing was extraordinary. He was obviously a big shot.

“Who are you?” Elder Qu took the lead and asked coldly.

Qin Yu pointed at the Water Rhyme Tower behind him and said, “I am the master of this tower.”

“You’re the master of this tower?” Elder Qu frowned slightly.

He snorted coldly and said, “How come I have never heard of this Water Rhyme Tower having a master?”

“I’m sorry. It didn’t have a master before, but now it does,” Qin Yu said in a neither servile nor overbearing manner.

“The Saint Confucian Sect is known as a reputable and righteous sect. I believe that you won’t do something like highway robbery, right?” Qin Yu said with a grin.

Elder Qu’s expression immediately turned ugly.

The Saint Confucian Sect was prestigious and highly esteemed, so they naturally wouldn’t do anything like plundering.

However, in reality, that was just a facade to the outside world. What they did behind the scenes was all dirty and shady.

“Cut the crap. The Saint Confucian Sect has commandeered this Water Rhyme Tower,” said an Inner Strength Grandmaster coldly.

Qin Yu wasn’t anxious. He smiled and said, “Don’t tell me you want to rob it by force. Aren’t you afraid of ruining the Saint Confucian Sect’s reputation?”

“As long as I kill you, this Water Rhyme Tower will no longer have an owner. At that time, it won’t be considered a robbery,” said the Inner Strength Grandmaster with a grin.

Qin Yu couldn’t help but squint his eyes.

“As expected, it’s full of shady dealings,” Qin Yu said with a sneer.

Elder Qu wasn’t angry. He said indifferently, “Young man, this society is far more complicated than you think. Sometimes, reputation is more valuable than a life.”

Qin Yu raised his eyebrows and said, “What if I’m willing to hand over the Water Rhyme Tower now?”

“Do you think you still have a chance?” Elder Qu took a step back. The Inner Strength Grandmaster immediately rubbed his fist and walked towards Qin Yu.

“Kid, don’t blame me for being ruthless. If you want to blame someone, blame yourself...”

“Pa!”

Before the Inner Strength Grandmaster could finish his words, Qin Yu had already smashed his head into pieces!

“Do you really think I’m easy to bully?” Qin Yu sneered.

Everyone’s expression changed drastically! For a moment, no one made a move!

To kill a great grandmaster with a single slap, this person was definitely not an ordinary person!

Elder Qu frowned slightly and said coldly, “Who exactly are you?”

“My name is Qin Yu.” Qin Yu didn’t conceal anything at all.

When they heard this name, everyone’s expression changed drastically again!

“You’re Qin Yu?” Elder Qu’s brows furrowed tightly.

Countless thoughts quickly flashed through his mind.

Very quickly, Elder Qu changed his attitude.

He smiled and said, “So you’re the famous Qin Yu. To tell you the truth, the Saint Confucian Sect has always been interested in you. I didn’t expect to meet you here.”

Seeing Elder Qu’s crafty appearance, Qin Yu sneered to himself.

If this was in the past, Qin Yu would definitely be deceived by his “kind” expression.

But the current Qin Yu was no longer that silly kid from the past.

Qin Yu knew clearly what Elder Qu, this old Fox, was thinking in his mind.

“Qin Yu, I wonder if you’re interested in joining the Saint Confucian Sect?” Elder Qu said with a smile.

Qin Yu was silent for a moment before saying, “Elder Qu, why don’t we get straight to the point?”

“You want this Water Rhyme Tower, right?” Qin Yu asked.

Elder Qu was stunned for a moment before saying in a deep voice, “That’s right. This Water Rhyme Tower is extremely important to the Saint Confucian Sect. If you’re willing to give it to us, I can fulfill one condition of yours.”

“Are you serious?” Qin Yu raised his eyebrows and asked.

Elder Qu nodded and said, “Absolutely! As long as you’re willing to give the Water Rhyme Tower to the Saint Confucian Sect!”

“Okay.” Qin Yu nodded.

He said in a deep voice, “First, I need to cultivate in the Water Rhyme Tower for three days. After three days, I can give the Water Rhyme Tower to you.”

Elder Qu smiled and said, “Of course, no problem.”

Qin Yu continued, “Second, I want a stalk of ten-thousand-year-old herbs.”

Elder Qu almost spat out a mouthful of blood!

Ten-thousand-year-old herbs? Wasn’t this highway robbery?

Although he thought so to himself, Elder Qu still agreed, “Alright, no problem!”

After getting Elder Qu’s confirmation, Qin Yu couldn’t help but sneer to himself.

As expected, this old b*stard had no intention of negotiating with him! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The Saint Confucian Sect would never agree to give away a stalk of a ten-thousand-year-old herb!

There was only one reason why Elder Qu agreed so straightforwardly, and that was because he wouldn’t give it to him at all!

Everything he said was just a delaying tactic.

“That’s fine. In any case, I have no intention of giving the Water Rhyme Tower to you. We don’t owe each other anything,” Qin Yu thought to himself.

“Qin Yu, how about this? I’ll send someone back to the Saint Confucian Sect to get the herb,” Elder Qu said with a smile.

Qin Yu nodded and said, “Of course, no problem.”

“Okay, just wait for the good news,” Elder Qu said with a smile.

Qin Yu didn’t say anything. He turned around and walked into the Water Rhyme Tower. He closed the door heavily.

“The Venerable Fifth Mountain!”

Qin Yu’s mind moved, and the Venerable Fifth Mountain fell into his hands.

Then, Qin Yu gently pushed the Venerable Fifth Mountain forward to block the Water Rhyme Tower’s door.

...

Outside the door, the disciple of the Saint Confucian Sect couldn’t help but ask, “Elder Qu, why did you agree to so many unreasonable requests?”

Elder Qu glanced at him and snorted coldly. “Not long ago, He Teng almost died in the hands of Qin Yu. If I fight him head-on, I might even die here!”

His subordinates suddenly understood. “So it’s a delaying tactic!”

Elder Qu said coldly, “The few of you, return to the Saint Confucian Sect immediately and bring me the Martial Marquis Weapon!”

“Yes!” The few of them turned around to leave.

Looking at this Water Rhyme Tower, Elder Qu couldn’t help but stroke his beard and sneer.

“You want a ten-thousand-year-old herb? My *ss!” Elder Qu sneered to himself.