Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 478: Saint Confucian School VS Divine Alchemist Pavilion Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

He Teng couldn’t help but say coldly, “Don’t even think about it!”

“Then you will never be a match for Qin Yu... Hehehe...” that hoarse voice carried a hint of mockery.

He Teng immediately flew into a rage!

He stood up angrily and said coldly, “Bullsh*t! Sooner or later, I will kill Qin Yu with my own hands!”

“Kill Qin Yu with your own hands? When he steps into the half-step Martial Marquis realm, you will be even less of a match for him...”

He Teng clenched his fists and the veins on his forehead bulged.

Although he didn’t want to believe it, it was the truth.

Once Qin Yu steps into the half-step Martial Marquis Realm, He Teng would have no chance to speak of.

He began to waver.

...

Elder Qu quickly returned to the Saint Confucian Sect.

In the depths of the Saint Confucian Sect, there was a villa in a deep courtyard.

The structure of the villa was extremely exquisite. Not only were there modern buildings, but there was also an ancient gilded hall.

Elder Qu quickly arrived at the villa. With a plop, he kneeled at the door and used his inner strength to shout, “Qu Wu requests to see the sect master!”

His voice boomed and traveled to the depths of the villa.

A moment later, the door opened slowly, but no one was there.

Elder Qu hurriedly got up and quickly walked in.

When he arrived at the Golden Hall, a voice came from the dark.

“Speak, what’s the matter?”

Hearing this voice, Elder Qu hurriedly said, “Sect master, the Divine Alchemist Pavilion’s Pavilion Master is too arrogant. She doesn’t take the Saint Confucian Sect seriously at all!”

After that, Elder Qu added fuel to the fire and told the sect master everything that had happened.

The Great Hall quieted down, but the sect master didn’t reply.

After a moment, the sect master asked, “The Divine Alchemist Pavilion has too many connections. The Saint Confucian Sect can’t do anything to her.”

Elder Qu’s expression immediately changed!

Even the Saint Confucian Sect couldn’t do anything? Then who else in this world could do anything to the Divine Alchemist Pavilion’s Pavilion Master?

Just as Elder Qu was in despair, the sect master suddenly changed the topic and said coldly, “But the Divine Alchemist Pavilion is bullying the Saint Confucian Sect. The Saint Confucian Sect will definitely not endure this humiliation!”

Elder Qu was immediately overjoyed and hurriedly said, “Right! Sect master, we must think of a way to teach the Divine Alchemist Pavilion a lesson!”

The sect master said in a deep voice, “Tomorrow, I will head to Jingdu and discuss this matter with the Yan family.”

“Well then!” Elder Qu hurriedly nodded.

After leaving this villa, Elder Qu couldn’t help but laugh coldly.

“D*mned woman, just you wait!” Elder Qu said viciously.

“When the sect master catches you, watch how I deal with you!” Elder Qu couldn’t help but say with a lecherous look.

The Pavilion Master’s peerlessly beautiful figure appeared in his mind, and he couldn’t help but swallow hard.

...

The Divine Alchemist Pavilion was completely silent.

Although the Divine Alchemist Pavilion still had a stock of herbs, without new herbs to provide, it was only a matter of time before they ran out.

“Lord Pavilion Master, our herbs can only last for half a month at most.” The attendant stood at the side of the Pavilion Master and said softly.

The Pavilion Master didn’t have the slightest expression.

She looked into the distance and said quietly, “Got it. The remaining half month will be a break.”

“Yes, Lord Pavilion Master.” The attendant hurriedly nodded.

This was the first large-scale break in the history of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion.

Although the previous pharmacists were mostly free, the Divine Alchemist Pavilion had never had an official break.

Soon, this news spread throughout the Divine Alchemist Pavilion, and everyone couldn’t help but discuss it.

“Qin Yu, you must not disappoint everyone...” The Fifth Elder sighed in a low voice.

...

There was a club in Jingdu and this club was jointly funded by several aristocratic families.

The club wasn’t open to the public and only received guests from the various aristocratic families.

On this day, Yan Sihai, Han Meng, and Xia Hang from the Jingdu Martial Arts Association gathered here.

Apart from them, there was also an old man dressed in white.

Although the old man had a head full of white hair, he looked vigorous and didn’t lose out to the young people.

This old man was none other than the sect master of the Saint Confucian Sect, Gu Canghai!

“What business do you have with us?” Yan Sihai said casually as he smoked his cigar.

Gu Canghai said quietly, “Mr. Yan, I came here this time to discuss the Divine Alchemist Pavilion with you.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Divine Alchemist Pavilion?” Yan Sihai’s expression turned cold and he couldn’t help but snort.

The arrogant attitude of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion’s Pavilion Master involuntarily surfaced in his mind.

Gu Canghai continued, “The Divine Alchemist Pavilion is now so arrogant that it has no boundaries. It doesn’t take us seriously at all.”

After that, he recounted what had happened to the few of them.

“Sect master, the Divine Alchemist Pavilion can’t be dealt with. Many people’s health rely on alchemists.” Han Meng couldn’t help but frown as he said.

Gu Canghai nodded slightly and said, “It is precisely because of this that I came to discuss with you guys.”

Yan Sihai snorted lightly and said, “Who can’t be touched? It’s just the Divine Alchemist Pavilion. It’s not like there’s no one who can replace her.”

“President Yan, you’re wrong.” Xia Hang, who was at the side, shook his head.

He said aloofly, “The Divine Alchemist Pavilion’s Pavilion Master’s alchemy skills are unparalleled in the world. At least now, it seems that no one can replace her.”

“Moreover... her connections involve our superiors.” Xia Hang pointed at the ceiling.

There weren’t many people who had a higher status than them.

The few people present naturally understood.

“Mr. Xia, why are you so cautious?” Yan Sihai sneered.

“As alchemists, they just have to treat the illness and refine pills. Why are they always involved in other things?”

“We can teach the Divine Alchemist Pavilion a lesson. At most, we can just spare her life.”

Yan Sihai was clearly the bravest among these people.

As for the Divine Alchemist Pavilion, Yan Sihai had long detested it.

Xia Hang was silent for a moment and said, “Let me go back and discuss this matter with my superiors.”

“Discuss my *ss!” Yan Sihai stood up and said.

He turned his head to look at Gu Canghai and said, “Gu Canghai, I order you to immediately bring people to attack the Divine Alchemist Pavilion and teach them a lesson.”

Gu Canghai looked at the others awkwardly.

Yan Sihai said impatiently, “I will bear all the consequences! Remember, capture that woman, the Pavilion Master of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion, alive.”

Upon hearing that, Gu Canghai hurriedly stood up and said, “Alright, I understand.”

After leaving here, Gu Canghai returned to the Saint Confucian Sect.

On the same day, the Saint Confucian Sect publicly issued a statement on the Martial Arts Forum:

Qin Yu bullied the Saint Confucian Sect, killed the disciples of the Saint Confucian Sect, and destroyed the sect’s supreme treasure. He should be executed!

Within three days, if the Divine Alchemist Pavilion didn’t hand over Qin Yu, the Saint Confucian Sect would use force against the Divine Alchemist Pavilion!