Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 480: One Against Five! Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Elder Qu couldn’t stop laughing coldly.

“Brainless fool, let’s see how you end up.” Elder Qu snorted coldly, and then followed with large strides.

The Saint Confucian Sect made a big fuss and set off towards the Divine Alchemist Pavilion.

They didn’t conceal their intentions at all, as if they wanted to use the Divine Alchemist Pavilion to establish their might.

Such a commotion naturally spread very quickly.

“The Saint Confucian Sect has made a move!”

The news immediately attracted the attention of countless people!

There were even people who immediately drove towards Qinghe Town!

...

In the Divine Alchemist Pavilion, the Pavilion Master was soaking in the bath while holding a cup of black tea in her hand.

During this period of time, the various elders were in a state of panic. Only the Pavilion Master, not showing the slightest change in emotion, seemed to be fine

“Huh?”

At this moment, the sharp Pavilion Master caught the trace of internal qi.

“They’re here.” A killing intent flashed through the Pavilion Master’s long and narrow eyes. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

She put down the black tea in her hand and reached out with her palm. A long robe fell on her body.

Then, the Pavilion Master stood on top of the pavilion and looked into the distance, as if she was waiting for them.

The five half-step Martial Marquises of the Saint Confucian Sect were getting closer and closer. One kilometer, five hundred meters, one hundred meters...

Finally, the two Law Enforcement Elders who stayed behind also felt this internal qi!

“Lord Pavilion Master!” They were just about to shout when they saw the Pavilion Master slowly walking over.

“Lord Pavilion Master, they...”

“I understand.” The Pavilion Master interrupted the First Elder’s words.

The three of them stood on the square of the entrance of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion and waited quietly.

“Swish!”

Soon, five figures landed in the middle of the square!

The one leading them was none other than Xu Beiliu!

The two forces clashed at this moment.

The atmosphere was filled with tension, as if even the air had frozen!

Xu Beiliu sized up the Pavilion Master of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion and said indifferently, “Everyone says that the Pavilion Master of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion is a top-notch beauty. Seeing you today, you really lives up to your reputation.”

The Pavilion Master ignored Xu Beiliu. Her gaze landed on Elder Qu.

“Elder Qu, looks like you didn’t understand what I said last time.” The Pavilion Master said indifferently.

Elder Qu smiled and said, “Pavilion Master, I am here on the orders of the sect master of the Saint Confucian Sect to crusade against the Divine Alchemist Pavilion.”

The Pavilion Master narrowed her eyes and sneered. “Your sect master didn’t come himself and sent you bunch of trash to die?”

His words made the atmosphere even more tense!

Xu Beiji was even more furious!

He looked at the Pavilion Master coldly and said, “Trash? You call us trash? We are both half-step Martial Marquises, so what right do you have to be arrogant in front of me?!”

“If you know what’s good for you, cripple yourself and come with us!”

“Otherwise, don’t blame me for being impolite!”

The Pavilion Master raised her eyebrows. She sized up Xu Beiliu and said indifferently, “So you’re a good-for-nothing with a temper.”

“You!”

Xu Beiliu was completely enraged!

Internal qi burst out from his entire body in an instant. Streams of powerful internal qi condensed on his palm!

“I think you’re courting death!” Xu Beiliu shouted angrily and then suddenly slapped his palm toward the Pavilion Master!

The Pavilion Master didn’t panic, and raised her hand to meet it head-on.

“Boom!”

The huge collision almost ignited the air!

At this moment, Xu Beiliu’s expression suddenly changed drastically!

In the next second, his figure was sent flying, and a mouthful of blood spewed out!

“How... how could this be?!” Xu Beiliu, his pale face filled with terror, fell to the ground!

They were both half-step Martial Marquises, so how could the gap between the two be so huge?!

“Hehe, a certain someone isn’t bragging anymore?” Elder Qu ridiculed from the side.

Xu Beiji didn’t say anything. At this moment, he realized that there was still a huge difference in strength between them!

Then, Xu Beiji got up from the ground and wiped the blood at the corner of his mouth as he said coldly, “As expected of the Pavilion Master of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion. But let me tell you, no one can waver the Saint Confucian Sect’s desire for a crusade. The Divine Alchemist Pavilion will definitely become something of the past!”

“Is that so? Then let us experience it!” The Law Enforcement Elders Strode forward!

Xu Beiliu grinned and said with a cold smile, “Don’t worry, we are only the tip of the iceberg of the Saint Confucian Sect. I will go and ask for reinforcements right now...”

After saying that, Xu Beili turned around and left.

“Stop right there!” The two Law Enforcement Elders tried to stop him, but were interrupted by the Pavilion Master with a wave of her hand.

“Let them go,” the Pavilion Master said indifferently.

“Yes.” Although the Law Enforcement Elders had doubts inside, they didn’t ask any more questions.

After Xu Beili and the others walked out of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion, they frowned.

He looked at Elder Qu and said with a cold expression, “It seems that you are right. I underestimated her.”

Elder Qu snorted and said with a cold smile, “You boasted, but you were proven wrong and shamed in front of so many people. How embarrassing.”

Xu Beiji gritted his teeth and didn’t say anything.

“Let me remind you that you are not only embarassing yourself, but also the Saint Confucian Sect!” Elder Qu said coldly.

“Everyone knows that the Saint Confucian Sect came to attack the Divine Alchemist Pavilion with great fanfare, but in the end, we lost in the first crusade. Do you want the Saint Confucian Sect to become a laughing stock!?”

Xu Beiji was also anxious. He glared at Elder Qu and said, “Don’t accuse me!”

Elder Qu was about to speak when someone beside him said, “Alright, don’t be fight amongst ourselves. Let’s think of a way.”

“I’ll go and look for the sect master right now and request for reinforcements. If five half-step Martial Marquises aren’t enough, then send out ten. If ten aren’t enough, then request Martial Marquises!” Xu Beili wiped the blood at the corner of his mouth and said with some anger.

After saying this, Xu Beili turned around and left.

...

At this moment, Qin Yu was still in closed-door cultivation.

He knew nothing about the news from the outside world.

The entire warehouse seemed to be isolated, and he couldn’t hear anything.

Perhaps it was because he had absorbed too much spiritual energy that Qin Yu’s dantian was dark green in color.

A few of his acupoints were shining.

All the spiritual energy was flowing through his meridians and attacking his acupoints.

Qin Yu’s forehead was covered in layers of sweat. Even with his Meridian Circulation Technique, Qin Yu was still struggling with such a huge amount of spiritual energy.

“Phew...”

At this moment, black gas suddenly emerged from his body.

The black gas passed through his seven orifices and pores and continuously gushed out!

In an instant, Qin Yu felt that his body had become much more transparent and relaxed!

It was as if all the dregs and toxins in his body had been discharged in an instant!

The stream-like spiritual energy suddenly turned into a surging sea of water!

“Swoosh!”

Qin Yu’s eyes suddenly opened, and two rays of light burst out from his eyes!