Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 481: Drugging Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Streams of black gas surged out from every pore in his body.

Qin Yu’s eyes stared ahead as he felt the changes in his internal organs.

All the illnesses in the mortal world seemed to have disappeared at this moment. His body seemed to have stepped into another level.

At this moment, two rays of light shot out from Qin Yu’s eyes as his strength slowly changed.

Qin Yu stood up, clenched his fists, and said in a low voice, “My strength has obviously increased, but... I’m still a step away from the half-step Martial Marquis Realm.”

Although the half-step Martial Marquis realm wasn’t a clear realm, once one stepped into it, there would be a huge difference between them and an Inner Strength Grandmaster.

And at this moment, Qin Yu didn’t feel that change.

“Looks like I still have to continue cultivating.” Qin Yu muttered in a low voice.

After thinking for a while, he decided to go out first to take a look and calculate the time.

When Qin Yu walked to the door, he realized that the door couldn’t be opened at all.

An extremely powerful force sealed the entire door tightly.

Even with Qin Yu’s physical strength, he was unable to break it open.

“Looks like it’s a restrictive force set up by the Pavilion Master,” Qin Yu thought to himself.

Since that was the case, it meant that a month hadn’t yet arrived.

“Forget it, time is tight. I should continue cultivating,” Qin Yu muttered softly.

...

In the outside world, the Pavilion Master of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion had used just one palm to repel the intruders sent by the Saint Confucian Sect.

More importantly, this palm seemed to have ruined their confidence. They didn’t dare to launch a large-scale attack for the time being.

The Divine Alchemist Pavilion welcomed a short period of peace.

In a hotel several miles away from the Divine Alchemist Pavilion, Xu Beigou walked in with an ashen look on his face.

His expression was very ugly, as if he had just been scolded. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“How was it? How did the sect master reply to you?” Elder Qu said with a hint of schadenfreude.

Xu Beigou, not saying a word, glared fiercely at Elder Qu.

It was very obvious that the sect master didn’t agree to his request and even scolded him.

“With just the few of us, I’m afraid it will be very difficult to take down the Divine Alchemist Pavilion,” Xu Beiliu said in a low voice.

The others also nodded slightly.

After a simple clash, they discovered that the Divine Alchemist Pavilion’s Pavilion Master’s strength was unfathomable and she was definitely not someone that the few of them could defeat!

“The sect master said that if we can’t complete the mission, we don’t need to go back,” Xu Beiliu said with a cold snort.

Elder Qu stretched lazily and said, “Someone was in a hurry to perform meritorious deeds and hurriedly agreed. Now you regret it?”

Xu Beiliu glared at Elder Qu and shouted angrily, “You better not provoke me. Otherwise, I don’t mind killing you before this!”

“Oh really?” Elder Qu didn’t want to be outdone. He immediately stood up and said coldly, “You can try!”

“Hehe, the elites of the Saint Confucian Sect didn’t go to the Divine Alchemist Pavilion, but hid in the hotel to fight among themselves. Is this the number one sect in the north?”

At this moment, a voice came from the door.

They saw a young man walking in.

This young man was none other than He Teng!

“What are you doing here?” Elder Qu said with some displeasure.

He Teng said indifferently, “Of course I’m here to help you guys.”

“Help us?” Elder Qu sneered.

“Just you? A half-step Martial Marquis who was crippled by a peak-stage Inner Strength Grandmaster?”

Coldness flashed across He Teng’s face, but it was fleeting.

Then, he swept his gaze over everyone and said indifferently, “Since you’re not his opponent, why don’t you outsmart him?”

“Outsmart him? How?” Xu Beigu frowned slightly.

He Teng flipped his palm and a pill fell into his hand.

“This is the Spirit Severing Pill. As long as you consume this pill, even if you have great abilities, you will still be reduced to trash,” He Teng said indifferently.

Everyone immediately burst into laughter.

“The other party is the Pavilion Master of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion. You want to drug her? Are you out of your mind?” Elder Qu said with a cold smile.

He Teng glanced at him and said, “This pill formula has already disappeared for several hundred years. In the entire world, only I possess it.”

“Could it be that she, the Pavilion Master of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion, has lived for several hundred years?”

Everyone looked at each other when they heard this.

“Is what you said true?” Xu Beiliu asked with doubt.

He Teng snorted coldly and said, “Believe it or not, it’s up to you. In any case, it won’t make a difference. You won’t be able to go back either case.”

Xu Beiliu was silent for a moment. He gritted his teeth and said, “Alright, we’ll do as you say!”

“But how should we let her take this pill?” Elder Qu asked.

He Teng sneered. “Aren’t you an elder? You still need to ask others about such a small matter?”

“Let me tell you one thing. In this world, there are no eternal feelings, only eternal interests.”

After saying this, He Teng turned his head and left.

...

Late that night, the entire Divine Alchemist Pavilion was silent.

At this time, it was already past two o’clock in the morning, but a man tiptoed out.

This man was none other than the First Elder!

After the First Elder walked out of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion, he quickly got into a car.

“Let the Pavilion Master of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion eat this.” Xu Beiliu handed the Spirit Severing Pill to the First Elder.

After the First Elder took the pill, he frowned and said, “Is what you promised me true?”

Xu Beiliu snorted lightly and said, “What do you think? To be honest, other than the Saint Confucian Sect, many aristocratic families in Jingdu don’t like her.”

“Who doesn’t want to be the Pavilion Master of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion? As long as you complete this matter, you will be the next Pavilion Master of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion.”

Everyone had a weakness. The First Elder didn’t love money, but he coveted the position of Pavilion Master.

He took the pill and gritted his teeth while saying, “Okay! I promise you!”

“You have to make sure she eats it,” Xu Beiliu reminded.

“Don’t worry. The Pavilion Master trusts me the most,” the First Elder said.

After taking the pill, the First Elder got out of the car.

He seemed to be a little conflicted, but in the end, he made up his mind.

The next morning, the First Elder personally boiled a bowl of porridge and put the Spirit Severing Pill into it.

The Spirit Severing Pill was colorless and tasteless. The moment it was put in, it disappeared without a trace.

He carried the bowl of porridge and walked all the way to the bottom of the pavilion.

The First Elder was the only one who could come to the top of the pavilion without reporting anything.

He took a deep leap and arrived in front of the Pavilion Master.

“Lord Pavilion Master, have a bowl of porridge.” The First Elder placed the porridge in front of the Pavilion Master.

The Pavilion Master glanced at him and said indifferently, “Put it there.”

The First Elder took a deep breath and said with a smile, “Pavilion Master, I personally brewed this porridge and used a lot of nourishing herbs.”

“You’ve been too tired these days. Drink it while it’s hot.”