Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 483: The Powerful Pavilion Master! Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Elder Qu and the others immediately became anxious.

“He Teng, what nonsense are you spouting?!” Elder Qu shouted loudly.

He Teng ignored Elder Qu but looked at the Pavilion Master and said indifferently, “My target is only Qin Yu alone. It has nothing to do with the Divine Alchemist Pavilion.”

The Pavilion Master stared at He Teng and said indifferently, “As if you have the qualifications to negotiate with me?”

Elder Qu and the others heaved a sigh of relief when they heard this.

However, He Teng’s expression turned cold.

“You should know that it’s impossible for you to defeat the six of us by yourself!” He Teng said coldly.

“As long as you are willing to hand over Qin Yu, I promise to hand over the antidote to you!”

“Could it be that Qin Yu is more important than your entire Divine Alchemist Pavilion?”

The crowd froze for a moment as everyone waited for the Pavilion Master’s reply.

“I’ve already said that you have no right to negotiate with me.” However, the Pavilion Master’s reply was still as domineering as before.

“Well then!” He Teng was completely enraged.

He sneered and said, “I want to see how you will end up today!”

“The three of us are enough to kill the six of you!” Second Elder strode forward and stood in front of the Pavilion Master.

“Three?” At this moment, Elder Qu sneered.

“Which three?”

Before he finished his words, their gazes fell on First Elder.

A trace of guilt flashed across First Elder’s face.

He bowed to the Pavilion Master and said, “Lord the Pavilion Master, I’m sorry.”

After saying this, First Elder walked to Elder Qu’s side.

“First Elder, you...” Seeing this scene, Second Elder immediately became anxious.

“First Elder, what do you mean by this? Could it be that you want to betray the Divine Alchemist Pavilion!?”

First Elder said indifferently, “Every man is for himself. I can’t refuse their conditions.”

“You Beast! The Pavilion Master treated you well, but you actually did such a thing!” Second Elder angrily berated.

The First Elder was unmoved. Instead, he advised, “Lord the Pavilion Master, if you hadn’t taken the pill, I admit that the seven of us wouldn’t have been your match.”

“But the current you cannot win.”

“You’d better hurry up and surrender. On account of our friendship, I can make you suffer less.”

The First Elder’s words undoubtedly made them feel nauseous.

A trace of coldness flashed across the Pavilion Master’s face.

“Do you know the consequences of betraying the Divine Alchemist Pavilion?” The Pavilion Master looked coldly at the First Elder and said.

The First Elder said indifferently, “Of course, but unfortunately, you no longer have the chance.”

At this point, the First Elder pointed to the location of the warehouse.

“Everyone, Qin Yu is in that warehouse!” The First Elder said.

He Teng’s eyes immediately lit up. He was about to head to the warehouse.

He held the light in his hand and slammed it towards the door!

However, the door didn’t move at all.

His qi energy was directly absorbed by the door.

“How did this happen?” He Teng frowned.

“There’s no need to be in such a hurry,” Xu Beigou said with a nonchalant smile.

“Wait until we capture the Pavilion Master of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion, then we can open the door.”

He Teng nodded when he heard this.

The atmosphere instantly became tense. The two internal qi began to collide at this moment.

Although the Pavilion Master had been affected by the internal qi pill, the internal qi on her body was still extremely powerful!

“It’s really hard to imagine that she could still have such strength after being affected by the internal qi pill...” He Teng could not help but sigh.

“If not for the internal qi pill, the seven of us would probably have died in her hands,” Xu Beiliu said in a deep voice.

“Everyone, let’s attack together!”

Before he finished speaking, Xu Beiliu took the initiative to attack!

He held the Azure Flame Dragon Fist in his hand and headed straight for the Pavilion Master!

At this moment, Elder Qu and the others also made their move!

“Even if we die in battle today, don’t even think about touching the Pavilion Master!” Second Elder shouted. His hair flapped wildly as his half-step Martial Marquis strength was fully displayed!

Several rays of light headed straight for the Pavilion Master!

No expression could be seen on the Pavilion Master’s face.

Her hands glided in the air. In half a second, a word appeared in the air!

This word came from the nine secrets of Daoism and was mysterious and unfathomable!

The Pavilion Master used only half a second to form a seal!

“Bang!”

Several rays of light collided with the wordand produced a loud bang!

A monstrous force instantly spread out, and the entire Divine Alchemist Pavilion was almost destroyed at this moment!

“Bang!”

Xu Beiji, Elder Qu, and the others took a few steps back!

They felt an extremely strong pressure on their chests, as if their internal organs had received a huge impact!

“How strong.” Xu Beiji frowned.

He Teng also said in a deep voice, “I really woner how terrifying she is at her peak condition.”

“This woman is really powerful.”

“I’ll leave the Pavilion Master to you. I’ll take care of Second Elder.” First Elder glanced at them and said.

“Alright.” Elder Qu nodded.

Then, they looked at the Pavilion Master of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion with solemn expressions.

“Attack!”

With a loud shout, the second round of attacks began!

Light suddenly appeared in the sky as several mysterious and unfathomable spells headed straight for the Pavilion Master!

A trace of solemnity flashed across the Pavilion Master’s face. With a light stomp of her feet, purple lotus flowers suddenly rose from under her feet!

“Rumble!”

The lotus flowers spread out in all directions with the Pavilion Master as the center!

In an instant, a powerful internal qi was formed around her body!

There seemed to be a force that was converging into the formation! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

All of the Pavilion Master’s spells seemed to be formed from telekinesis.

As she stepped on the purple lotus flower, streams of spiritual fire that were wrapped in the power of nature confronted the spells of He Teng and the others!

“Pa!”

A purple palm struck out from the formation and struck Elder Qu’s body fiercely.

Elder Qu immediately took a few steps back, and a mouthful of blood flowed out from the corner of his mouth.

“This woman... can actually use spiritual fire to draw in the power of nature!” That hoarse voice flashed through He Teng’s mind.

Everyone’s expressions were a little unsightly.

Even though the Pavilion Master only had thirty percent of her strength left, she was still tough!

“If it wasn’t for the Spirit Severing Pill, I’m afraid we wouldn’t even have the qualifications to crusade...” Xu Beiliu couldn’t help but feel a lingering fear!

During the first time they had met, if the Pavilion Master hadn’t held back, he would most likely be dead by now!

“Everyone, no matter what price we have to pay, we must take down the Pavilion Master of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion!” Elder Qu said coldly as he wiped the blood at the corner of his mouth.

The few of them nodded at the same time. Their internal qi rose rapidly as they adjusted their internal qi to the maximum.