Chapter 484: The Battle Begins! Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

The battle was about to begin!

The internal qi of both parties caused the air to explode. Due to the internal qi of the Spirit Severing Pill, the internal qi of the Pavilion Master was slightly unstable.

“Attack!”

Accompanied by a furious roar, the third attack was launched!

Every single one of them executed their trump cards, and countless rays of light blotted out the sky. This area had turned into a battlefield!

“Rumble!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The loud sound attracted countless people to watch!

Even many ordinary people came over when they heard the news. They stood in the distance and watched the battle!

“The Divine Alchemist Pavilion and the Saint Confucian Sect are at war!”

“Six people ganging up on the Divine Alchemist Pavilion’s Pavilion Master alone. Bah, how shameless!”

“Pavilion Master, you can do it!”

Waves of internal qi surged over. As ordinary people, they could not withstand this power at all.

“Pu!”

Some people vomited blood from this powerful pressure. Some people even died on the spot.

On the square, the Pavilion Master frowned slightly.

She gently extended her palm and a barrier suddenly formed in her palm.

Then, the Pavilion Master pushed her palm forward and this barrier appeared out of thin air and covered the bodies of the surrounding people!

“At this moment, you still have the mood to care about those ants!” He Teng said coldly.

“Pavilion Master of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion, aren’t you looking down on us a little too much!?” Elder Qu also shouted loudly!

As they spoke, they once again arrived. Within the Pavilion Master’s formation, they displayed their ultimate techniques!

This great battle continued from noon to midnight, but they were still unable to determine the victor!

The powerful Pavilion Master stood there like a deity. With a single thought, she could summon the power of nature!

“Pu!”

Another purple palm reached out!

This palm shattered Xu Beili’s ribs!

“D*mn it!”

Xu Beili wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth.

“How is this possible? How can there be such a big gap between people of the same cultivation level!”

This was simply beyond Xu Beili’s understanding! Ever since he stepped into the half-step Martial Marquis realm, this was the first time he had encountered such an opponent!

Soon, it was dawn.

Even the onlookers couldn’t hold on any longer. Some of them even dozed off on the spot.

“This woman is simply a monster!” He Teng was even more unhinged!

First, he met the freaky Qin Yu, and today, he met the powerful Pavilion Master!

This instantly shattered his fragile self-esteem!

In the distance, the Second Elder’s internal qi started to become unstable.

He panted heavily as he was forced back by the First Elder’s powerful attack!

“Bang!”

The First Elder’s palm fiercely slammed onto the Second Elder’s chest.

The Second Elder’s body was instantly sent flying, and his chest had obviously sunk in!

A mouthful of fresh blood spurted out from his throat.

“You should know that you aren’t my match.” The First Elder slowly walked to the front of the Second Elder.

The Second Elder got up from the ground. He gritted his teeth and said, “So what?! I will kill you even if I have to risk my life!”

The First Elder shook his head and said, “So what? Are you going to sacrifice your life for her?”

“The Saint Confucian Sect has promised me that I will be the next Pavilion Master of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion!”

“As long as you are willing to stop, I can make you the deputy Pavilion Master! If you and I join hands, we will definitely make the Divine Alchemist Pavilion more glorious!”

Second Elder wiped off the blood stains and sneered. “Join hands with an animal like you? Then I’d rather die!”

First Elder’s expression immediately turned cold.

Internal qi surged in his hand as he coldly said, “Since you don’t know what’s good for you, you can die!”

“Boom!”

The palms of both parties collided, but the Second Elder was clearly exhausted. His body was damaged in many places, and fresh blood dyed his white robe red!

“You reckless thing!” The First Elder walked over. He looked down at the Second Elder from above, and his expression was as cold as ice.

“Go to h*ll!”

In the next second, the First Elder roared and raised his hand to crush the Second Elder!

The Second Elder had already lost the ability to resist. He fell to the ground, and his face was filled with despair!

At this moment, a purple light blocked in front of the Second Elder!

“Bnng!”

This ray of light forced the First Elder back a few steps before he could stabilize his body!

Before the First Elder could react, a large purple hand had already reached out and brought the Second Elder to the Pavilion Master’s side.

At this moment, the Pavilion Master’s internal qi started to become unstable.

The Pavilion Master, who had always been calm, was also panting at this moment.

“Lord Pavilion Master... It’s my incompetence...” Seeing this, the Second Elder’s heart felt like it was being cut by a knife and his face was full of tears.

“Go back.” The Pavilion Master said coldly.

The Second Elder was stunned and said, “What?”

“Go to my pavilion and don’t come out.” The Pavilion Master said coldly.

The Second Elder’s expression changed and he hurriedly said, “No, how can I abandon you?!”

The Pavilion Master frowned and said, “Don’t say useless nonsense! Scram!”

The Pavilion Master waved her hand and a purple flame wrapped around the Second Elder and threw him out!

The Second Elder’s expression was extremely ugly. He wanted to do something, but he realized that he couldn’t do anything!

In this way, the Pavilion Master would have to face seven half-step Martial Marquises alone!

If the Pavilion Master was at her peak state, it would not be a problem. However, the Pavilion Master’s strength was only 30% of her peak state’s . How could she deal with them?

“Qin Yu... you must come out of your closed-door cultivation as soon as possible...” the Second Elder stared in the direction of the warehouse and clenched his teeth.

...

The warehouse seemed to be another world.

Even though the battle outside was fierce, the warehouse was not affected at all. Not even a sound could be heard.

At this moment, Qin Yu had already gone into closed-door cultivation for a week.

His internal qi had obviously increased, but he was still one step away from becoming a half-step Martial Marquis.

Beads of sweat were left on Qin Yu’s forehead. Even though he had the Meridian Circulation Technique, Qin Yu still could not handle cultivating like this.

However, he did not dare to pause for even a moment. When he was here, he could not feel the passage of time. He also did not know how much time was left.

“I have to hurry up!” Qin Yu started to get anxious.

He tried his best to breathe and adjust his state of mind to calm it down.

After an unknown amount of time, Qin Yu finally calmed down, and the internal qi in his body started to get on the right track.

In the outside world, the big battle had been going on for three whole days!

This must be the longest battle in the past few years!

He Teng and the others were all heavily injured. Xu Beili’s calf was fractured and half of his arm was shattered!

The one who suffered the most was Elder Qu. Half of his facial bones were shattered by the Pavilion Master’s slap. He looked extremely horrifying.

The Pavilion Master’s condition wasn’t too good either. With only thirty percent of her strength, under the repeated attacks of the seven people, she was also hit in the chest. A trace of blood dripped out from her mouth.

Most importantly, the effect of the Spirit Severing Pill continued to ferment in her body and caused the internal qi in her body to be slightly chaotic.