Chapter 485: Another Half-step Martial Marquis! Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

There was a trace of blood on the Pavilion Master’s fair face.

However, she had no intention of retreating. Her narrow eyes were still filled with disdain.

“We can’t go on like this,” He Teng said coldly.

The three-day battle had already exhausted them.

If this continued, it was hard to say who would win and who would lose.

“Let’s retreat for now,” Elder Qu said with some pain.

The injuries on his body were too severe. He had been sent flying by the Pavilion Master many times and half of his body had almost collapsed.

The others looked at each other and seemed to agree with this suggestion.

“The Pavilion Master of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion indeed lives up to her reputation,” Xu Beizhong said coldly.

“But the Saint Confucian Sect’s desire to crusade can’t be shaken. No matter how strong you are, we will definitely bring you back!”

Elder Qu said coldly, “Three days later, we will attack again. At that time, we won’t leave until we see you!”

After saying this, the few of them looked at each other and turned around to leave.

The Pavilion Master didn’t chase after them. She just stood there coldly.

Her condition wasn’t good either. Her body was already heavily injured.

Only after Elder Qu and the others retreated did the Pavilion Master let out a muffled groan and spit out a mouthful of blood.

Following the disappearance of the purple light on her body, this great battle had temporarily ended.

“Lord Pavilion Master!” the Second Elder rushed out in a hurry.

He hurriedly supported the Pavilion Master and said anxiously, “Lord Pavilion Master, are you alright?”

The Pavilion Master waved her hand and said, “Let’s go back first.”

The two of them came to the top of the pavilion.

At this moment, only the Pavilion Master, the Second Elder, and the two apprentice alchemists who were in charge of looking down on the Pavilion Master were left in the huge Divine Alchemist Pavilion.

“I really didn’t expect that the First Elder would be so despicable!” The Second Elder gnashed his teeth and said.

“If it weren’t for him secretly drugging you, we wouldn’t have fallen into such a state!”

The Pavilion Master didn’t say a word. She closed her eyes and tried to disperse the Spirit Severing Pill in her body.

Unfortunately, the Spirit Severing Pill’s method was extremely tricky. Without the antidote, it was impossible to recover her strength.

“Lord Pavilion Master, I’ll go and gather people right now!” the Second Elder said coldly.

However, the Pavilion Master shook her head and quietly said, “If anyone was willing to help, they would have come a long time ago.”

The Second Elder was instantly speechless.

That’s right. This battle had lasted for three whole days. Who wouldn’t know?

If they really wanted to help, why did they need to invite them?

Superficial relationships vividly displayed at this moment.

Everyone seemed to be watching and waiting to see who would win in the end.

If the Saint Confucian Sect was pushed back, there would surely be someone who would run to the Divine Alchemist Pavilion and attack the Saint Confucian Sect together.

But if the Divine Alchemist Pavilion was at a disadvantage, then all the favors would vanish into thin air.

After all, no one was willing to offend the Saint Confucian Sect for a person who was about to die.

“Lord Pavilion Master, what do we do now?” the Second Elder said somewhat anxiously.

Pavilion Master was silent for a moment. She suddenly looked at the Second Elder and said coldly, “Stay here. From today onwards, don’t leave.”

The Second Elder was stunned and said somewhat confusedly, “Why... Why?”

Pavilion Master didn’t explain, but it seemed as if she was making arrangements for a funeral.

Time passed by minute by minute.

The Saint Confucian Sect claimed that they would attack again three days later, but in the blink of an eye, an entire week had passed, and the people from the Saint Confucian Sect still didn’t show up.

The reason was none other than that Elder Qu and the others were seriously injured! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Even with the First Elder’s help in refining medicine, their injuries couldn’t be healed in a short period of time.

“This woman is really quite something!” Elder Qu said coldly.

He Teng laughed coldly and said, “She is the Pavilion Master of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion after all. You must know that the Divine Alchemist Pavilion has not been established for long.”

“How can a woman who can make the Divine Alchemist Pavilion become a world-renowned existence in a short period of time be simple to deal with?”

This was also the drawback of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion.

Because the Pavilion Master was the founder, the Divine Alchemist Pavilion didn’t have any foundation.

Therefore, they couldn’t find any inherited treasures to prevent others from invading. They only relied on the powerful strength of the Pavilion Master of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion.

“Without the Spirit Severing Pill, the few of us might not even be able to last a day!” Xu Beili felt waves of lingering fear.

Elder Qu sneered at the side. “A day? I reckon that you would have died in a single exchange.”

Xu Beigou glanced at Elder Qu but didn’t say a word.

Although he was unwilling to admit it, it was the truth.

“When everyone has recovered from their injuries, continue to attack the Divine Alchemist Pavilion!” Elder Qu ordered.

The few of them remained silently agreed.

...

At this moment, more than half a month had passed since Qin Yu went into seclusion.

Due to the excessive intake of spiritual energy, Qin Yu’s entire body was almost transparent.

His internal organs could be seen through at a glance.

On the twentieth day of Qin Yu’s closed-door cultivation, Elder Qu and the others arrived at the Divine Alchemist Pavilion once again.

The Pavilion Master seemed to have expected this. She stood in the middle of the square and waited quietly.

This time, the Pavilion Master’s internal qi seemed to have become weaker. She couldn’t even display 20% of her peak stage strength!

Against seven half-step Martial Marquises, the Pavilion Master’s chances of victory were slim.

“Pavilion Master of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion, you’d better come with us.” He Teng said with a nonchalant smile.

“The Spirit Severing Pill has already completely evaporated in your body. It’s already impressive that you can still stand.”

The Pavilion Master said coldly, “If you want to fight, then let’s fight. Why are you talking so much nonsense?”

Before she finished her words, the Pavilion Master’s body once again lit up with a purple light.

It was as if she was stepping on a formation. However, this time, the light seemed to be much dimmer.

“Hahaha!” Elder Qu couldn’t help but laugh out loud.

“It seems that He Teng is right. The longer it drags on, the more disadvantageous it will be for you,” Elder Qu said indifferently with her hands behind her back.

“Boom!”

Just as Elder Qu finished speaking, a purple flame came straight at him!

Elder Qu’s expression changed drastically. He hurriedly raised his hand.

“Bang!”

Even though the Pavilion Master’s internal qi was extremely weak, it still forced Elder Qu back a few steps!

“As expected of the Pavilion Master of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion. Everyone, make your move!”

With a loud shout, Elder Qu and the others charged towards the Pavilion Master once again!

This battle had exceeded their expectations.

They had thought that they would be able to win in a short period of time, but unexpectedly, the great battle continued from morning till night!

The glow on the Pavilion Master’s body grew dimmer and dimmer, and a bright red flower bloomed on her chest.

Her blood had outlined her into a blood-colored beauty that appeared somewhat desolate in the chaotic wind.

But her determination made everyone feel somewhat helpless.

“The Pavilion Master of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion truly lives up to her reputation.”

Just as they were feeling anxious, another person joined the battle.

They saw a man whose face was concealed standing there quietly.