Chapter 486: Capture Alive Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Even though this man’s internal qi was rather stable, one could still tell that he was also a half-step Martial Marquis!

“Who are you?” Elder Qu asked with a frown.

This man didn’t make a sound. He placed his hands behind his back and said indifferently, “I just don’t like the Pavilion Master of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion. I believe everyone has no objections to me helping out.”

“Of course we have no objections!” Elder Qu was immediately somewhat delighted.

Although he didn’t know who the other party was, as long as it was the enemy of the Pavilion Master of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion, he would be their friend.

“Do you still want to put up a stubborn resistanc?e! You are now facing eight half-step Martial Marquises!” Xu Beili said coldly.

“To be able to make eight half-step Martial Marquises attack at the same time, you should feel proud.” He Teng also said with a nonchalant smile.

The Pavilion Master didn’t say anything. The only thing that responded to them was a sharp strike!

“Humph, you’re too brazen!”

The eight of them attacked at the same time!

Countless rays of light illuminated the night!

The Pavilion Master was ultimately unable to defeat them. Her figure kept retreating, and she spat out a mouthful of blood.

“Remember, capture her alive!” Elder Qu said coldly.

“Activate spells together and take her away!”

The people from the Saint Confucian Sect looked at each other and stood in five different positions!

“Clatter!”

As they activated the spell, chains rushed out from their chests!

This was the Saint Confucian Sect’s unique formation, called the Divine-locking Formation!

The five chains bound the Pavilion Master’s four limbs and fair neck!

Elder Qu and the others activated their internal qi, and the chains became several feet thicker!

“Give up! You can’t resist the Divine-locking Formation now!” Xu Beiliu shouted.

However, the Pavilion Master wasn’t someone who would give up easily. She moved her body, and the five chains let out a loud crash!

“Oh no!”

Under the Pavilion Master’s powerful internal qi, the five half-step Martial Marquises were actually swayed back and forth!

“He Teng, why are you still standing there?!” Seeing this scene, Elder Qu hurriedly shouted! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

He Teng took a step forward.

He stood in front of the Pavilion Master and said indifferently, “If you are willing to hand over Qin Yu, I can still give you the antidote now.”

Having said this, He Teng glanced at Elder Qu and the others in the air and then said with a smile, “As long as you recover your strength, these mongrel fishes aren’t worth mentioning at all.”

However, the Pavilion Master said coldly, “How many times do you want me to repeat the same words?”

He Teng’s expression turned cold. He snorted and said, “Then don’t blame me for being merciless!”

A long sword appeared out of thin air in his hand! Then, He Teng extended his palm and the long sword pierced into the Pavilion Master’s abdomen!

“Phew!”

Finally, the heavily injured Pavilion Master could no longer hold on.

She spat out a mouthful of blood. Her face was extremely pale, and her internal qi was extremely weak at this moment.

The chains gradually stopped shaking.

Elder Qu and the others in the air couldn’t help but heave a sigh of relief.

“D*mn it, she is simply a freak.” Xu Beili wiped the sweat from his forehead and couldn’t help but sigh.

The eight half-step Martial Marquises had used up all their strength to finally capture the Pavilion Master of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion.

“Next, it’s time to deal with Qin Yu,” Elder Qu said sinisterly.

He Teng said with a nonchalant smile, “Qin Yu is mine. I want to kill him with my own hands.”

“As you wish,” Elder Qu said expressionlessly.

Then, He Teng walked towards the direction of the warehouse.

Standing at the door of the warehouse, He Teng said with a sneer, “Qin Yu, a person like you shouldn’t exist in this world.”

“You want to step into the half-step Martial Marquis realm? I’m sorry, I’m afraid you don’t have the chance!”

As he spoke, He Teng’s palm glowed. In the next second, a terrifying force fiercely smashed toward the door!

“Dong!”

The loud sound was like a clap of thunder on flat ground! It spread across more than half of Qinghe Town!

However, the door of the warehouse didn’t move at all.

He Teng frowned and said, “How could this be?”

He gathered his qi again and smashed it at the door!

However, the door still didn’t move at all! Its hardness was far beyond imagination!

“What, you can’t even smash a door?” Elder Qu snorted.

His figure flashed and arrived in front of the door. Then, he used a spell and smashed at the door!

However, the result was the same. The door didn’t move at all.

No matter how powerful the spell was, it was unable to shake the door in the slightest!

“How could this be...” Everyone’s expressions were a little ugly!

After all, they were half-step Martial Marquises!

Eight half-step Martial Marquises couldn’t even defeat a single door. If this were to be known, they would be laughing stocks.

“What exactly is going on?” He Teng asked coldly.

“The Pavilion Master of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion has set up a restrictive force... This restrictive force uses a Daoist technique and draws upon the power of nature. You guys won’t be able to break it...” That hoarse voice sounded in He Teng’s mind.

He Teng frowned and said, “Is there no other way?”

“Hehe... There is... let me try. Perhaps there is a chance...” that hoarse voice said.

He Teng’s expression immediately turned cold.

He looked coldly at the First Elder and said, “How should this door be opened?”

“How can I know Lord Pavilion Master’s methods?” The First Elder said in a bad mood.

“Enough.” At this moment, Elder Qu waved his hand.

He glanced at the Pavilion Master, who had already fainted, and said with a cold smile, “As long as the Pavilion Master of the Divine Alchemist Pavilion is in our hands, why should we be worried that we won’t be able to open this door?”

“Let’s bring her back to the Saint Confucian Sect first and slowly interrogate her when the time comes.”

Although He Teng was somewhat unwilling, he could only do so for now.

...

The few of them left the Divine Alchemist Pavilion.

In the pavilion, the Second Elder’s face was ashen.

“Lord Pavilion Master...” he knelt on the ground and couldn’t help but shed tears of anguish.

After an unknown amount of time, the Second Elder wiped his tears and stood up from the ground.

“Lord Pavilion Master said that as long as Qin Yu comes out of seclusion, everything will turn around for the better.” The Second Elder gazed in the direction of the warehouse.

Pavilion Master had long expected that she would be captured alive, so she had made preparations in advance.

“Qin Yu, you must be quick...” The Second Elder wiped his tears.