Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 7: I Said That He Is

Zhao Gang was stunned by Qin Yu's words. Then he let out a chortle.

"Babe, did you hear what this fool said? He is giving me a chance! Hahaha! This is the funniest thing I've heard in a while!" Zhao Gang could not hold back his laughter.

Su Yan ridiculed, "Qin Yu, did you lose your mind in just a day? Or did you forget how it felt to be beaten to a pulp?"

Qin Yu did not say a word but shot Zhao Gang a glare and reiterated, "Zhao Gang, this is your last chance."

Placing his hand behind his ear, Zhao Gang said, "What did you say?"

"I said kneel before me and apologize. I'm—"

"Go to hell, you idiot!" Zhao Gang threw a punch at Qin Yu before the latter could finish his sentence.

However, Zhao Gang was sent flying with a slap from Qin Yu before the former could land a blow on the latter. Immediately after, the Zhao Gang hit hard against the wall.

Su Yan gaped at what was happening before her eyes in stupefaction. She could not believe what she saw.

How could a weak househusband like Qin Yu produce that much power with a single slap?

"Curse you! I'm gonna kill you!" Zhao Gang struggled to get to his feet before dashing towards Qin Yu.

With a deadpan face, Qin Yu landed a kick on Zhao Gang's stomach.

Following that, Zhao Gang could no longer get up.

Spilling blood from his mouth, he felt an agonizing pain in his abdomen, causing his face to be twisted.

Qin Yu looked at his hands in exhilaration.

"It looks like everything is real." Qin Yu was exultant.

Zhao Gang, who was still lying on the ground, could not get up no matter how hard he tried.

Qin Yu did not want to deal with scum like them anymore, so he glared at Zhao Gang and chided, "Stop bugging me again!"

After speaking, Qin Yu turned around and left.

Su Yan finally regained her senses after his silhouette could no longer be seen.

Helping Zhao Gang up, she asked in concern, "Honey, are you alright?"

With a sullen expression on his face, Zhao Gang gritted his teeth and hollered, "I swear I will kill him! I will f**king do it!"

...

With a little over a hundred in his pocket, Qin Yu visited every herbal pharmacy in Jiangcheng. But with that meager amount of cash, he could only purchase low-quality herbs that were barely effective.

"I guess I'll have to play it by ear." Qin Yu lowered his head and stared at the dried herbs in his hand while letting out a sigh.

Qin Yu's phone rang right at that moment.

After taking out his phone, he noticed that the caller was none other than Su Yan.

A glint of disdain flashed in Qin Yu's eyes before he answered the call. "What do you want?"

Su Yan remarked, "Qin Yu, you son of a b*tch! How dare you hit Zhao Gang? You bastard! You should come and apologize to Zhao Gang, or else—"

Feeling reluctant to listen to her babble, Qin Yu ended the call immediately.

Su Yan was dumbfounded at the turn of events. With her face flushed in anger, she piped, "How dare he end my call like this?"

Clenching her teeth, Su Yan immediately called back again.

"What do you want? Spit it out!" Qin Yu demanded in annoyance.

Su Yan gritted her teeth and responded, "Zhao Gang has already contacted

Brother Hu! Sit tight and be prepared for what's coming! He will definitely finish you off!"

After that, Su Yan ended the call at once.

Qin Yu turned gloomy all of a sudden.

Brother Hu, whose real name was Lei Hu, was a notorious individual in Jiangcheng. He had been banded together with real estate developers and made a windfall.

He currently had a bunch of underlings under his command.

It was not an overstatement to say that no one dared to cross Lei Hu in Jiangcheng.

Qin Yu heaved a sigh and mumbled, "I'm still far too weak. Or else, I wouldn't need to be afraid of the likes of Lei Hu."

Having said that, Qin Yu had no other way but to keep improving himself at that moment. He could only take one step at a time.

In a different location, Yan Ruoxue was sitting in her manor while enjoying her tea leisurely.

"Miss, our banquet is happening three days later. This is the list of attendees that I've drafted. Please have a look." The secretary handed over the document to Yan Ruoxue.

She immediately took it and browsed through the list.

On that list, apart from the entrepreneurs in Jiangcheng, there were also prominent figures from Chuzhou.

"Add in one more person," Yan Ruoxue ordered. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

The secretary asked tentatively, "Miss, may I know who you are referring to?"

"Qin Yu," Yan Ruoxue replied with a light smile.

At the mention of Qin Yu's name, the secretary's expression turned glum.

"Miss, Qin Yu is not an entrepreneur," the secretary remarked.

Looking unfazed, Yan Ruoxue announced nonchalantly, "I said that he is."

"Not only will I let Qin Yu attend, but I'm gonna make everyone in Jiangcheng know him. I will let everyone in Jiangcheng know that Qin Yu belongs to me, Yan Ruoxue!"