Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 623: Terrifying Bloodline Power Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

This wasn’t a bad suggestion.

Although the Jingdu Martial Arts Association had used Yan Ruoxue’s bloodline power to create many powerhouses.

In reality, the number of bloodlines they could inherit was less than 30%.

There were two reasons. One was that the amount of blood given to them was very little.

The other was because the compatibility wasn’t enough.

As Yan Ruoxue’s younger brother, Yan Jinyao was naturally able to absorb the bloodline power to the maximum.

“Mr. Yan, what do you think?” Qu Xie asked with a smile.

Yan Sihai snorted and said, “Let’s see what my son thinks.”

After saying that, Yan Sihai got up and left.

After he left, the assistant behind Qu Xie couldn’t help but snort coldly. “President, why are you so polite to him? Yan Sihai doesn’t give you any respect at all!”

Qu Xie glanced at his assistant and shook his head. “You don’t know the power of the Yan family.”

“Power? Power my *ss. I just can’t figure out what kind of power the Yan family has!” His assistant said unwillingly.

“Even his bodyguards have to be found in the Jingdu Martial Arts Association. Where does he get his power from?”

Qu Xie glanced at his assistant and snorted. “What era is this? Do you think you can solve everything just by force?”

“It’s true that the Yan family isn’t very powerful in terms of martial arts, but they are very powerful in politics, business, and even the military world.

“Moreover, these forces really have a very strong relationship with the Yan family!”

The assistant mumbled, “Why didn’t I tell that Yan Sihai had such impressive abilities...”

Qu Xie sighed. “There’s nothing we can do about it. Back then, Yan Yunheng conquered the country for him. Even if he is enjoying the fruits of Yan Yunheng’s labor, no one is willing to provoke them.”

...

The battle between Yan Jinyao and the three disciples of the Jingdu Martial Arts Association was quickly arranged.

As number one of the younger generation, Yan Jinyao was naturally very popular.

And these three people were in the limelight recently. The battle between them quickly attracted countless people.

“Do we need to clear the area?” Before the battle, Yan Jinyao’s follower asked.

Hearing this, Yan Jinyao looked at him coldly and said coldly, “Do you think I will lose?”

The follower hurriedly said, “I. . . I definitely don’t have that intention.”

Yan Jinyao said coldly, “The more people who see it, the better. I want them to know that the so-called bloodline isn’t worth mentioning at all!”

At this point, Yan Jinyao couldn’t help but clench his fists.

This big battle lasted for three whole days!

The final result was naturally Yan Jinyao’s victory. He defeated all three of them single-handedly!

Such a result shook the entire martial arts world!

“As expected of number one! He won single-handedly against three people!”

“Compared to Kong Yun, Yan Jinyao seems to be much more powerful.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

After winning, Yan Jinyao turned around and walked off the stage.

However, his expression didn’t look too good.

“What bullsh*t bloodline? Compared to my son, it’s not even worth mentioning!” Yan Sihai ran up and said.

Yan Jinyao glanced at Yan Sihai, shook his head and said, “No, Dad. After this battle, I... I actually changed my opinion.”

“Huh?” Yan Sihai was stunned.

Yan Jinyao said in a deep voice, “With just the three of them, if they didn’t have the bloodline power, I could have suppressed them with a raise of my hand!”

“But because of the bloodline power, I won with great difficulty... how many benefits did the bloodline power bring them? It brought them to a height that they shouldn’t have reached!”

At this point, Yan Jinyao suddenly spat out a mouthful of blood!

It was very obvious that Yan Jinyao had won with great difficulty in this battle.

His calmness was all an act!

“Son, are you okay?” Yan Sihai hurriedly held Yan Jinyao.

Yan Jinyao’s face was extremely pale. He waved his hand and said, “I’m fine... Dad, immediately arrange for me to enter the Jingdu Martial Arts Association. I must get this bloodline power!”

...

At this moment, Qin Yu and the man with the mustache were preparing to leave the Immortal Slaying Sect.

“Let me tell you, the way I set up the array platform isn’t very good. Even if it’s a very short distance, it will still take a long time,” the man with the mustache muttered.

Qin Yu rolled his eyes and said, “Enough, stop talking nonsense and leave quickly.”

The man with the mustache didn’t say anything more. He immediately opened the array platform and brought Qin Yu into it.

The two of them quickly entered the array platform and spread it out to the outside of the Immortal Slaying Sect.

After an unknown amount of time, the two of them finally arrived at an extremely remote place on the island.

There was an array platform the size of a table, which was just enough to accommodate two people.

The moment the two of them appeared, the array platform collapsed with a loud bang.

“Damn, that was close!” The man with the mustache suddenly shivered when he saw this.

Qin Yu also asked with some lingering fear, “What will happen if this array platform breaks early?”

The man with the mustache whispered, “If this array platform breaks early, the two of us... will never be able to come out.”

This made Qin Yu feel a chill on his back!

If it were a little later, this array platform might have really broken here!

“Sigh, with my technique, in fact, it can only carry one person. Bringing you out is indeed very pressuring,” the man with the mustache muttered.

Qin Yu didn’t say anything. He carefully looked at the array platform in front of him.

There were small flags in each of the four directions of the array platform.

The flags looked tattered, but there were a few characters on them.

“What flag is this?” Qin Yu asked.

The man with the mustache kept the flags and said, “This is called the octagonal flag. If you want to set up this teleportation array platform, you must use the octagonal flag.”

Qin Yu nodded. He glanced at the man with the mustache and asked, “Where do you plan to go?”

“I don’t know. I’m going to find the next tomb,” the man with the mustache said.

Qin Yu didn’t say anything. He cupped his hands to the man with the mustache and said, “I owe you one. Let’s part ways here.”

“No rush,” the man with the mustache said with a smile.

“I heard that there are inner cores at the bottom of the sea. Since we’re already here, it would be a pity not to take some.”

Qin Yu also wanted to follow the man with the mustache to fish up some treasure. It would be best if they didn’t part ways so soon.

Thus, the two of them dived into the bottom of the sea again and swam down the island.

At this moment, there were seven to eight people gathered at the bottom of the island.

They were wearing white robes with the Jingdu Martial Arts Association logo on them.

“Jingdu Martial Arts Association...” Qin Yu’s expression instantly turned cold when he saw them.

“From today onwards, I will kill every single person from the Jingdu Martial Arts Association I see!”

After saying this, Qin Yu strode toward those people.