Chapter 632: The Eve of the Auction Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

The man with the mustache didn’t have much of an opinion about Qin Yu’s suggestion.

He spread his hands and said, “Sure, as long as you can give me the sword. After all, I’m not the one who’s going to rob people.”

Qin Yu looked at the male corpses in front of him. After thinking for a while, he took out the coffin again.

Looking at the coffin made of bright red wood, the man with the mustache couldn’t help but shiver.

“Why did you take this thing out? It’s so scary,” the man with the mustache muttered. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Qin Yu patted the coffin and said, “I’m afraid I’ll have to trouble you to take care of this coffin for the next few days. Otherwise, I won’t be able to fit it in my Spatial Magic Artifact.”

The man with the mustache immediately jumped up, like a cat whose tail had been stepped on.

He said in horror, “You want me to stay with this thing? And for a few days?”

Qin Yu rolled his eyes and said, “That’s enough. It’s not as scary as you think.”

“That’s because you don’t know what this masked woman has done!” The man with the mustache said in a trembling voice.

“Anyway, this is the only way. Do you agree or not?” Qin Yu said.

The man with the mustache stared at the coffin for a long time. After a moment, he gritted his teeth and said, “People die for money and birds die for food. I’ll go all out. I’ll agree to it!”

“Okay, it’s a deal.” Qin Yu nodded slightly.

The agreement between the two was thus set.

As long as he could get the method to control the male corpses, Qin Yu would be able to go to the Jingdu Martial Arts Association to save her.

There were still three days before the auction began.

For the next three days, Qin Yu didn’t leave the room.

He sat in the room all day while swallowing inner cores.

Qin Yu didn’t take many inner cores. In the end, he had used up all of them on the second day.

A rank-five Martial Marquis was at the middle stage of the Martial Marquis Realm.

And the current Qin Yu was still a step away from the middle stage of the Martial Marquis Realm.

For the Martial Marquis Realm, the three stages represented different strengths.

The early stage of the Martial Marquis Realm was very different from the middle stage of the Martial Marquis Realm.

And the peak of the Martial Marquis Realm was far more powerful than the middle stage of the Martial Marquis Realm.

Now that the young masters of Jingdu had all stepped into the middle stage of the Martial Marquis Realm, it was time for Qin Yu to speed up.

On the other side, after Yan Jinyao obtained the bloodline power of the Yan family, his strength had improved immensely!

Although Yan Jinyao didn’t know what this so-called bloodline was, his physical body was far stronger than before.

“Everyone says that Qin Yu’s flesh is unparalleled, but it’s a pity that he’s dead. Otherwise, I would really like to try it with him.” Yan Jinyao tightened his grip, and the Black Gold Stone in his hand immediately crackled.

“From today onwards, I might be the top dog in the younger generation of Jingdu.”

This was Yan Jinyao’s confidence.

Just then, Yan Sihai walked in from outside the door. Beside him was a rather sturdy man.

This man didn’t say a word, but he carried an extremely strong sense of oppression.

Even Yan Jinyao felt slight discomfort.

This person was none other than the peak-stage Martial Marquis that Yan Sihai had rescued from the Jingdu Martial Arts Association’s prison.

Yan Sihai sat beside Yan Jinyao, and his face was somewhat gloomy.

“Dad, what’s wrong?” Yan Jinyao asked.

Yan Sihai coldly said, “The Jingdu Martial Arts Association actually wants to distribute the power of blood to all the descendants of the aristocratic families!”

“Motherf * cker, they took the things of the Yan family and distributed them to outsiders!”

Yan Jinyao frowned and said, “Don’t they need our permission?”

“I’ve negotiated with them, but their attitude is extremely unyielding,” Yan Sihai coldly said.

“If it really doesn’t work, I’ll take Yan Ruoxue back!”

Hearing this, Yan Jinyao hurriedly waved his hand and said, “Absolutely not.”

Yan Sihai frowned and said, “Why?”

Yan Jinyao said in a deep voice, “We don’t have the techniques of the Jingdu Martial Arts Association, nor can we draw blood from Yan Ruoxue’s body.”

“If we bring her back, it will actually increase her chances of cultivation.”

Obviously, after Yan Jinyao felt the strength of this bloodline power, he began to be afraid.

He was afraid that once Yan Ruoxue stepped into the path of cultivation, she would surpass him, and then things would be troublesome.

Yan Sihai frowned and said, “Is this bloodline power really so powerful?”

“Although I don’t want to believe it, this bloodline power... is indeed beyond imagination,” Yan Jinyao said in a deep voice.

At this point, Yan Jinyao looked at Yan Sihai and said, “Father, what is the origin of our ancestors? Why did Yan Ruoxue inherit such a bloodline?”

“I don’t know.” Yan Sihai shook his head.

“Perhaps only your grandfather knows about the matter of the Yan family’s ancestors.”

When Yan Jinyao heard this, his expression couldn’t help but turn cold.

He took a deep breath and said, “It’s impossible for our Yan family to monopolize this bloodline power. Sooner or later, we will have to share it with those aristocratic families.”

Yan Sihai snorted coldly and said, “Of course I know, but the Jingdu Martial Arts Association can forget about keeping this favor for themselves!”

“Dad, what are you going to do?” Yan Jinyao asked with a frown.

Yan Sihai waved his hand and said, “I have my own plans in mind.”

Yan Jinyao couldn’t say anything more.

...

The higher-ups of the Jingdu Martial Arts Association held many meetings.

And these meetings were all about Yan Ruoxue’s bloodline.

After a few meetings, they drew up a list.

On this list were the names of the people who wanted to use Yan Ruoxue’s blood.

“After the auction is over, let’s begin.” A voice came from the dark.

Qu Xie took the list, cupped his hands, and said, “Yes.”

There were more than a dozen names on the list, and each person was a well-known figure in Jingdu.

After walking out of the meeting room, Xia Hang grabbed Qu Xie.

“President Qu, before we begin, I have a suggestion,” Xia Hang said with a frown.

“What suggestion?” Qu Xie asked.

Xia Hang said in a deep voice, “Get rid of that black-robed man first! Follow our plan!”

“Otherwise, when that black-robed man finds out about the names on the list, he will definitely start a massacre!”

“When that time comes, I’m afraid that all the major families in Jingdu will be in a state of panic!”

Qu Xie narrowed his eyes and said coldly, “What you said makes sense... alright, we’ll do as you say.”

“Get rid of that black-robed man first, and then make this list public!”

Hearing this, Xia Hang heaved a sigh of relief.

Of course, he had selfish motives in his heart.

If Qin Yu didn’t die, he would definitely come and ask Xia Hang to add his name.

As long as they killed Qin Yu, he would be free.

“Threaten me, and you will pay the price!” Xia Hang said sinisterly.

...

Time flew.

In the blink of an eye, it was the day of the auction.

The location of the auction was in a great hall in Jingdu.

The Jingdu Martial Arts Association attached great importance to this auction, so they sent out three black-gold robe powerhouses! Yan Guiyi was among them!