Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 643: Unparalleled Physical Body! Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

A streak of sword light slashed out once again!

The few of them used the same trick again. The disc lit up once again and swallowed the streak of sword light.

In the next second, the sword light erupted from the disc and slashed fiercely at Qin Yu!

“Clang!”

Qin Yu held the bronze sword in his hand and his body was once again sent flying.

“As expected.” Qin Yu’s expression was unsightly.

It was very obvious that this round plate was specially used to deal with Qin Yu.

All the spells would be swallowed into it, and it would be returned with double the force!

In other words, if Qin Yu continued to use the sword, he wouldn’t be able to hurt these people at all!

“All the spells would be swallowed, and then it would be returned with double the force,” Qin Yu said coldly.

“In this case, I can only rely on my physical body.” Qin Yu frowned.

If he relied solely on his physical body, Qin Yu wouldn’t be afraid of these people at all. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Ever since he stepped into the rank four Martial Marquis Realm, Qin Yu’s physical body had once again become powerful.

However, if that was the case, his identity would definitely be exposed!

“Clatter!”

Just as Qin Yu was hesitating, a hand knife slashed towards Qin Yu with swish.

With an extremely fast speed, it instantly tore apart Qin Yu’s black robe!

Not only that, but Qin Yu’s body was also slashed with a meter-long bloody scar!

The blood flowed down along the scar. With his expression becoming colder and colder, Qin Yu lowered his head to look at his own body.

Raising his head to look, he saw that the palm was wrapped in Black Gold Stone.

The Black Gold Stone transformed into a sharp hand knife. With each palm strike, it could shatter mountains and rivers!

“Humph, all your sword techniques aren’t worth mentioning in front of us.” The few people sneered.

“With everything you have done to the Jingdu Martial Arts Association, only your death can relieve our anger!”

Qin Yu gritted his teeth. He looked at these people coldly with apprehension.

The bronze sword was no longer useful. If he slashed out a third time, not only would he not be able to hurt them, but he would even lose his life!

Unless, Qin Yu was able to use an unimaginable amount of spiritual power to shatter the circular magic artifact during the fourth strike!

However, this was simply impossible. No one could use the fourth strike at the early stage of the Martial Marquis Realm!

“Kid, it’s time for you to pay the price!”

Accompanied by a loud shout, several people simultaneously activated their spells and attacked Qin Yu!

As the black-gold robe powerhouses of the Jingdu Martial Arts Association, they had countless spells in their hands!

The overwhelming number of spells made it impossible for Qin Yu to dodge them!

These spells were all reinforced by Black Gold Stones, and their strength was incomparably powerful. Even Qin Yu didn’t dare to take them head-on!

He hurriedly dodged.

However, these spells were densely packed, making it impossible for him to dodge them in time. Qin Yu’s physical body was constantly being smashed, and his body was continuously pushed back.

He only felt as if his internal organs had been hit, and fresh blood flowed out of his mouth continuously.

Wounds appeared on Qin Yu’s body one after another.

His black robe was almost pulled back, and it hung on his body like strips of cloth.

“If this continues, I will definitely die here...” Qin Yu gritted his teeth.

Even if his body was made of iron, it wouldn’t be able to withstand this indiscriminate bombardment!

“I have to think of a way to escape this place as soon as possible.” Qin Yu raised his head and looked at the golden magic artifact that was suspended in the air.

This magic artifact was round, like a golden bowl.

Qin Yu took a deep breath. He held the bronze sword in his hand and then slashed out!

“Clang!”

However, the few black-gold robe powerhouses quickly placed the magic artifact in front of the golden bowl, blocking this spell!

“Hmph, you want to destroy this magic artifact? In your dreams!” One of them snorted coldly.

Then, he took out the disc and covered the golden bowl magic artifact with it!

“Damn it...” Qin Yu wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, and his expression couldn’t help but turn ugly.

At this moment, Qin Yu couldn’t help but think of the man with the mustache.

If the man with the mustache was there, there would definitely be a way. He had countless treasures in his hands, and he would definitely be able to think of a way to escape!

“Don’t put up a stubborn resistance. It’s useless. When you attack the Jingdu Martial Arts Association, you should have thought of the consequences,” the few people said coldly.

“Buzz!”

The few people raised their hands, and another spell came crushing over. It smashed into Qin Yu’s dantian, sending Qin Yu flying dozens of meters!

“Hmph, I have to say, your strength is indeed impressive, but our Jingdu Martial Arts Association has formulated a plan to deal with you.”

“In front of the Jingdu Martial Arts Association, you can only submit or die.”

Qin Yu wiped the blood at the corner of his mouth and said in a low voice, “As expected of the Jingdu Martial Arts Association. Treasures are really piling up one after another. These few magic artifacts... are really beyond imagination.”

“Hehe, this is just the tip of the iceberg. The Jingdu Martial Arts Association controls the most abundant martial arts resources in the world. No one can compare to it.” There was an unspeakable pride in their tone.

“You are at our mercy now!” They placed their hands behind their backs, and their black and gold robes shone brilliantly under the light.

Qin Yu held the bronze sword in his hand, and his expression became even more solemn.

His black robe was already soaked in blood, and it was almost tattered.

If this continued, he would definitely die!

“Alright, we’ve waited for so long. It’s time to reel in the net,” the few people said nonchalantly.

One of them raised his palm, which was facing Qin Yu. It flickered with rays of black-gold light.

The light condensed in his palm, and an extremely powerful force rippled out.

Qin Yu focused his eyes and couldn’t help but say coldly, “The Black Gold Stone again!”

At the core of the light, there was actually a Black Gold Stone!

Its terrifying power was enough to destroy the world!

The rest of them lifted up the disks. Seven disks flickered in the air and were ready to absorb Qin Yu’s sword light at any time!

Qin Yu stood up straight and looked at the sky coldly.

The Black Gold Stone that contained destructive power became more and more powerful in his palm!

A whirlwind blew around him, and the entire place seemed to be buzzing!

Anyone could see that the power of this technique was extraordinary!

“No matter who you are, it’s time for you to pay the price!” The few people said coldly.

In the next second, that palm suddenly pushed towards Qin Yu’s direction!

The black-golden light wrapped around the black-golden ball and shot towards Qin Yu explosively!

“I don’t care anymore!” Qin Yu gritted his teeth and said in a low voice.

At this moment, he didn’t care about whether or not his identity would be exposed!

The most important thing was to protect his life first!

Streams of golden light burst out from Qin Yu’s body! This golden light even covered Qin Yu’s black and gold robe!

The powerful light outshone the round magic artifact hanging in the sky!

“Absolute Beginning Sacred Fist!”

The light on Qin Yu’s fist became brighter and brighter, and the terrifying power of his body began to burst out!