Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 69: Supreme Spiritual Needle Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

But at this time, Wei Jiang finally realized that he didn’t have Qin Yu’s contact information at all.

And now, he also didn’t know where Qin Yu was!

“We’re doomed.” Wei Jiang was filled with regret. For a moment, all of his anger was directed at Xu Maojun!

Wei Jiang turned around and glared at Xu Maojun while shouting angrily, “It’s all your fault, you b*stard! Let me tell you, if anything happens to my wife, I’ll definitely kill you!”

Xu Maojun was even more flustered. With Wei Jiang’s ability, if he really wanted to get rid of someone, it would be a piece of cake!

“Dad, what do we do now?” Wei Hang asked with a pale face.

Wei Jiang gritted his teeth and said, “Let’s go out and look. Perhaps Mr. Qin is nearby.”

Although it wasn’t likely, they couldn’t think of any other way.

...

“Mr. Qin, I bought the silver needles.” Yao Qing handed a needle box to Qin Yu.

Qin Yu nodded and said, “Let’s go.”

“Where are we going?” Yao Qing asked in confusion.

Qin Yu smiled and said, “I calculated the time. Wei Jiang should be looking for us now.”

“Looking for us? How is that possible?” Yao Qing obviously didn’t believe it.

Updates by

Qin Yu didn’t explain. He turned around and walked towards the Wei family’s home with Yao Qing.

Wei Hang searched around downstairs, but he couldn’t find Qin Yu at all.

This made Wei Hang even angrier, and the regret in his heart reached its max.

“Dad, I didn’t find Mr. Qin.” Wei Hang seemed exhausted.

He raised his hand and slapped his own face while saying in anguish, “It’s all my fault! It’s all my fault! I endangered my mom’s life...”

After saying that, Wei Hang squatted on the ground and started crying.

Wei Jiang’s mood was the same. Everyone in Chuzhou knew that Wei Jiang loved his wife the most, and he would do anything for his wife.

Looking at his wife lying unconscious on the bed, he even felt suicidal.

“If anything happens to you, I’ll go with you,” Wei Jiang sat by the bed and gently caressed his wife’s face as he said in a soft voice.

The entire room was filled with a pessimistic atmosphere.

At this moment, the sound of the doorbell suddenly came from outside.

Wei Jiang said weakly, “Wei Hang, go and open the door.”

Wei Hang stood up from the ground and walked to the door dejectedly.

The moment the door opened, Wei Hang saw a familiar figure.

“Mr. Wei, I’m back again. You won’t not welcome me, right?” Qin Yu smiled.

Wei Hang was stunned for a moment. Then, with a plop, he knelt on the ground.

He hugged Qin Yu’s calf and begged, “Mr. Qin, I beg you to save my mother. As long as you can cure my mother’s illness, I, Wei Hang, will repay you with my life...”

Looking at the crying Wei Hang, Yao Qing, who was at the side, couldn’t help but feel dumbfounded. This made him feel even more respect towards Qin Yu.

“Mr. Wei, get up quickly. Since I’m back, I’m naturally here to save your mother.” Qin Yu helped Wei Hang up.

Wei Hang wiped his tears and nodded vigorously. “Thank you, Mr. Qin. Thank you...”

Qin Yu didn’t say anything and hurriedly walked into the bedroom.

Wei Jiang, who was already in despair, was instantly stunned when he saw Qin Yu.

Just as he was about to speak, Qin Yu waved his hand and said, “There’s no need to say anything. Saving people is more important.”

Wei Jiang nodded vigorously and said, “Okay, okay.”

Qin Yu didn’t waste any time. He took out the silver needles that he had prepared beforehand and walked in front of Mrs. Wei.

With Qin Yu’s current ability, he could only treat people with medical skills, and he even needed the help of silver needles.

If his strength reached the peak state, Qin Yu could easily cure this kind of illness with a flip of his hand.

Qin Yu carefully stabbed the twelve silver needles into the Mrs. Wei’s major acupuncture points according to the “Supreme Spiritual Needle” technique that his father had left behind in his inheritance.

Just administering the needles alone already exhausted most of Qin Yu’s physical strength, and traces of sweat appeared on his forehead.

“Hmph, in this modern era, why do you still believe in such backward things?” Xu Maokun couldn’t help but ridicule.

Wei Hang turned around and kicked Xu Maokun’s stomach hard. He gritted his teeth and said, “You traitor, shut up!”

Xu Maokun’s stomach was in immense pain from Wei Hang’s kick. He didn’t dare to say anything, and could only stand to the side with his hand on his stomach.

Qin Yu held the silver needle in his hand. Traces of spiritual energy flowed through the silver needle into Mrs. Wei’s body.

Layers of sweat appeared on Mrs. Wei’s forehead.

A faint layer of mist even appeared around her body.

This needle technique consumed a lot of Qin Yu’s energy. His forehead was already covered in sweat, and his vision was somewhat blurry.

However, the needle technique was complex, so Qin Yu didn’t dare to lose focus. He could only force himself to focus and administer the needle for Mrs. Wei.

The father and son by the side clenched their fists tightly. They, afraid that something unexpected would happen, looked extremely nervous.

Time passed minute by minute. In the blink of an eye, half an hour had passed.

And Qin Yu’s acupuncture was still not over.

“Mr. Qin, it’s still...”

“Don’t disturb Mr. Qin.” Wei Hang was about to ask, but was stopped by Wei Jiang with a wave of his hand.

As soon as he finished speaking, Qin Yu finally released his hand.

His vision had become increasingly blurry, and he looked extremely haggard, as if he had been drained of energy.

“Mr. Qin, how is my wife?” Wei Jiang hurriedly asked.

Qin Yu waved his hand and said weakly, “After I take out the needles and wait for an hour, I believe Mrs. Wei will wake up.”

“Hehe, you make it sound like it’s true.” Xu Maojun couldn’t help but snort.

Even Wei Hang was a bit worried. He frowned and said, “Mr. Qin, please don’t let anything happen...”

“If you don’t believe in Mr. Qin, why did you look for Mr. Qin?” Yao Qing said unhappily.

Upon hearing this, Wei Hang didn’t say anything more.

Qin Yu carefully took out twelve silver needles and put them back into the box.

Then, Qin Yu walked to the side and sat down cross-legged.

The energy consumption of administering needles this time was too great, so Qin Yu had to replenish his strength as soon as possible.

He closed his eyes and began to meditate to slowly replenish the spiritual energy in his body.

Meanwhile, the father and son sat in front of the bed while glancing up at the watch hanging on the wall from time to time.

“Hmph, I might not have good medical skills, but his trick isn’t as good as mine,” Xu Maojun said again.

This time, Yao Qing slapped him directly on the mouth.

This slap made the corner of his mouth seep with blood.

“If you dare to talk nonsense again, I will kill you,” Yao Qing said coldly.

Soon, twenty-nine minutes passed.

Mrs. Wei, who was lying on the bed, still showed no signs of waking up.

“Mr. Qin, what... what’s going on?” Wei Jiang couldn’t help but ask. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Qin Yu opened his eyes and looked at the watch on the wall. He said indifferently, “It’s not even half an hour yet, right?”

“What’s the difference between twenty-nine minutes and half an hour?” Wei Jiang was anxious.

Qin Yu didn’t say anything. He just counted the time silently.

“Hurry up and send your mother to the hospital!” Wei Jiang clenched his teeth and waved his hand.

“Okay.” Wei Hang hurriedly nodded.

He walked to the bedside and was about to pick up Mrs. Wei when Mrs. Wei suddenly opened her eyes.