Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 74: The Distraught Shen Yun Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Wei Jiang took a sip of tea and said with a smile, “She asked about the treatment situation and also instructed me something.”

Qin Yu glanced at Wei Jiang and waited for him to continue.

Wei Jiang said with a smile, “The Shen family has applied for a loan of two billion, and this money has been provided. Miss Yan hopes that this two billion can be used as a three-year interest-free loan to be lent to you.”

Qin Yu was stunned.

Two billion lent to him? And it was interest-free?

Qin Yu couldn’t help but swallow hard. Ever since childhood, Qin Yu had never seen so much money! He didn’t even have a concept of that much money!

“Mr. Qin, you don’t have to worry.” Wei Jiang glanced around and said cautiously. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Even if you don’t return this money, Miss Yan will definitely think of a way for you!” Wei Jiang said slyly.

Qin Yu took a deep breath and said, “I will definitely return the money. Please rest assured, Mr. Wei.”

Wei Jiang burst into laughter and didn’t comment.

At this moment, the secretary knocked on the door and stood outside the door and said, “Bank manager, Mr. Shen Yun is here.”

“Oh really?” Wei Jiang raised his eyebrows. “Where is he?”

The secretary said, “He is waiting for you in the VIP reception room.”

“Tell him to come to my office,” Wei Jiang instructed.

Updates by

“Yes, President.” The secretary nodded and walked out.

Qin Yu’s heart was beating fast. He glanced at the door expectantly while waiting for Shen Yun’s arrival.

Time passed minute by minute. Five minutes later, the door was opened.

Then, he saw Shen Yun, smiling, walking in with a few gift boxes in his hands.

“Mr. Wei, why is it that today...” Before Shen Yun could finish his sentence, he saw Qin Yu.

The smile on his face instantly disappeared and was replaced by coldness.

“What are you doing here?” Shen Yun said coldly.

“If you can come, why can’t I come?” Qin Yu said indifferently.

Shen Yun snorted coldly and put the gift box on the table. Then, he glanced at Wei Jiang and said politely, “Mr. Wei, I brought you a little gift. Please accept it.”

Wei Jiang waved his hand and said, “Mr. Shen, please take a seat.”

Shen Yun sat down beside Qin Yu.

Before Wei Jiang could say anything, Shen Yun said in an icy tone of voice, “Mr. Wei, this guy is also here for a loan, right? I knew it. With your capabilities, it’s impossible for you to run a company!”

“I think you might as well give me the Soul Nourishment Pill. I can give you 10% to 20%,” Shen Yun said with some smugness.

Qin Yu sneered and said, “I think you’re dreaming.”

“Mr. Wei, on account of our friendship, please reject his loan! Because he simply doesn’t have the ability to repay it!” Shen Yun coldly glanced at Qin Yu.

Wei Jiang smiled and said, “Mr. Shen, drink a glass of water first. Don’t be anxious.”

How could Shen Yun have the mood to drink water? Looking at Wei Jiang’s attitude, he couldn’t help but frown and say, “Mr. Wei, you’re not thinking of being a peacemaker for the two of us, are you? Let me tell you, it’s impossible! I absolutely won’t let this guy off!”

Wei Jiang smiled nonchalantly and said, “I absolutely have no such intention.”

This time, Shen Yun was a little confused.

He frowned and said, “Mr. Wei, then what exactly do you mean?”

Wei Jiang said indifferently, “Mr. Shen, let me tell you some bad news. Your loan application has been rejected.”

Hearing this, Shen Yun immediately slammed the table and stood up!

He glared at Wei Jiang and shouted, “How is this possible?!”

Wei Jiang spread his hands and said, “There’s nothing I can do. After our examination, we found that your company has a loophole, and your market share is rapidly declining.”

“You also know that our bank is also afraid of bad debts,” Wei Jiang said with a smile.

Shen Yun immediately said anxiously, “Mr. Wei, our company has borrowed money from your bank countless times, but there has never been a problem! You have to believe me!”

“Just because there were no problems in the past doesn’t mean that there won’t be problems in the future, right?” Wei Jiang said with a smile.

Shen Yun immediately became anxious. If he didn’t have this money, the Shen family’s capital chain would definitely be cut off, and at that time, they would face a complete collapse!

Thinking of this, Shen Yun said with some pleading, “Mr. Wei, this money is really important to me. Please think of a way. I, Shen Yun, will definitely remember this favor for the rest of my life!”

Wei Jiang waved his hand and said, “I don’t have the final say on this. Why don’t you go to another bank and try?”

Shen Yun was furious! Other than Chuzhou Bank, which bank would approve a commercial loan of two billion?

“Mr. Wei, help me think of a way...” Shen Yun pleaded bitterly.

However, Wei Jiang ignored Shen Yun.

He glanced at Qin Yu and said, “Mr. Qin, this is your loan contract. Just sign it and it will be completed.”

“Okay, thank you very much, Mr. Wei.” Qin Yu took the pen with a smile and deliberately glanced in Shen Yun’s direction.

Shen Yun stared at the contract. He clearly saw the amount of the loan on the contract. It was exactly two billion!

At this moment, Shen Yun instantly understood!

He said angrily, “Wei Jiang! You tricked me! Whether in terms of qualifications or financial ability, this guy can’t compare to me. He actually has a loan of two billion? I think you clearly gave my approval to this guy!”

Wei Jiang was unfazed. He sneered and said, “Mr. Shen, congratulations on guessing correctly, but unfortunately, there is no reward.”