Chapter 78: The Consequences of Being Soft-hearted Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Yao Qing’s attacks were extremely fast. Just as Brother Boar’s fist was about to land on Li Yan’s body, Yao Qing gently pushed it away and instantly caused Brother Boar’s fist to deviate by five centimeters.

His huge fist brushed past Li Yan’s face.

The sweat on Li Yan’s face was swept to the side by the gust of wind of the punch.

Brother Boar frowned slightly. He turned to look at Yao Qing and frowned as he said, “Are you courting death?”

Yao Qing rubbed his fists and sneered as he said, “Mr. Qin said that he doesn’t like you.”

Brother Boar froze, then laughed out loud as he said, “Doesn’t like me? Why the f * ck do I need him to like me? If you want to die, don’t be anxious. After I finish dealing with this kid, you will be next!”

Yao Qing sneered again and again. He sized up Brother Boar and said indifferently, “From now on, your opponent is me.”

After saying that, Yao Qing pushed Li Yan behind him.

This made Li Yan’s expression even more unsightly. He hurriedly looked at Qin Yu and shook his head. “Mr. Qin, this matter started because of me. You can’t let your friend get hurt because of me!”

“Don’t worry,” Qin Yu said with a smile.

“Yao Qing taking care of him is no different from stepping on an ant,” Qin Yu said with a faint smile.

How could Li Yan believe Qin Yu’s words?

Brother Boar was nearly two meters tall, and his body was like a small mountain.

On the other hand, Li Yan was extremely skinny and weak-looking, as if even a gust of wind could blow him down.

Updates by

The difference in their body sizes was too big.

Li Yan became more and more anxious. He pleaded, “Mr. Qin, thank you for your kindness, but I, Li Yan, can’t let others take the fall for me!”

After saying that, Li Yan shouted, “Brother Boar, this matter started because of me. If you have the ability, come at me!”

Brother Boar picked his nose and sneered. “What, do all of you want to die so much? But unfortunately, I’ve changed my mind now.”

He looked at Yao Qing and said coldly, “This kid insulted me. I’ve decided to break his bones first!”

“F * ck you, Brother Boar. If you have the ability, come at me, you b*stard!” Li Yan directly cursed.

Brother Boar’s expression became colder and colder. His patience was also gradually disappearing.

“Okay, then I’ll crush you first.” Brother Boar looked at Li Yan coldly. In the next second, he directly waved his fist and thrust it at Li Yan!

Li Yan closed his eyes. This time, there was no fear on his face, as if he was waiting.

However, after several seconds, Brother Boar’s fist still didn’t land on his body.

Li Yan frowned slightly. He opened his eyes suspiciously and saw that Brother Boar’s fist was tightly held in Yao Qing’s hand.

“I said, your opponent is me. Don’t you understand human language?” Yao Qing said coldly.

Brother Boar struggled with all its might, but he found that he couldn’t break free at all!

This made Brother Boar both shocked and angry. He roared, “You’re courting death!”

After saying that, he clenched his other fist and fiercely thrust it at Yao Qing!

Unfortunately, this fist was also easily grabbed by Yao Qing. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“That’s all you have to show?” Yao Qing’s expression was somewhat mocking.

The surrounding people were also dumbstruck.

This scrawny man actually had such great strength? He caught Brother Boar’s fist that easily?

“Yao Qing, stop playing around,” at this moment, Qin Yu frowned and shouted.

“Yes, Mr. Qin.” Yao Qing nodded. As soon as he finished his words, his body rose into the air and he kicked Brother Boar’s head!

As soon as his foot landed, Yao Qing turned around and walked away.

Brother Boar’s huge body stood frozen in place for less than a second before his entire body collapsed like a small mountain!

The loud noise attracted the attention of the crowd!

The bodyguards of the underground boxing ring hurriedly ran over.

They saw Brother Boar lying unconscious on the ground.

Li Yan swallowed hard. He looked at Yao Qing in a daze with disbelief written all over his face.

Yao Qing... He was actually such a good fighter? He rendered Brother Boar unconscious with one kick?

Others might not be able to tell what was going on with Yao Qing’s kick, but Qin Yu knew about it very clearly.

This kick had used up almost all of his strength. Even if Brother Boar woke up, his head would probably be severely injured.

“Brother Boar!” Gao Tingting, who was at the side, hurriedly ran to the side of Brother Boar and shook his body with all her might.

However, Brother Boar didn’t move at all, as if he was dead.

“Mr. Qin, what should we do with that woman?” At this moment, Yao Qing walked to Qin Yu and asked.

Qin Yu glanced at him and said, “Ask Li Yan.”

Yao Qing immediately looked in Li Yan’s direction.

Li Yan was filled with mixed feelings. He hated Gao Tingting very much, but at this moment, his heart softened.

“Forget it.” Li Yan shook his head. “After all, we were once in love. Let it be.”

This made Qin Yu sigh.

“Li Yan, think about it carefully. Even if you let her off the hook, she might not be grateful,” Qin Yu warned him.

Li Yan forced a smile and said, “Mr. Qin, I’m very grateful for your friend’s help, but... let this matter be.”

Qin Yu didn’t say anything else.

Kind people tended to be soft-hearted, and soft-hearted people would be bullied.

Obviously, Li Yan didn’t understand this.

“Let’s go,” Li Yan stood up and said.

Qin Yu nodded and was about to leave when Gao Tingting shouted, “Stop right there!”

Sure enough, just as Qin Yu guessed, Gao Tingting definitely wouldn’t be grateful to Li Yan for this.

Qin Yu’s expression was impassive, as if everything was within his expectations.

“See, the consequences for being soft-hearted have come.” Qin Yu couldn’t help but shake his head helplessly.