Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 854: Chapter 854, tell me, how do you want to Die

“Rumble...”

For a moment, the entire mystic realm collapsed!

Qin Yu’s expression immediately changed drastically, and he exclaimed, “This mystic realm... is going to be destroyed!”

Without even thinking, this was definitely a backup plan left behind by Hong Yi sect. Their goal was to prevent Qin Yu from being killed!

“Damn it!”Qin Yu cursed in his heart. He picked up Su Qian and immediately rushed towards the exit of the mystic realm!

The secret realm collapsed at an extremely fast speed. It started to collapse almost instantly.

Qin Yu could only clench his teeth and rush towards the exit at the fastest speed possible.

Fortunately, Qin Yu was fast enough. He opened the exit of the secret realm and jumped out with Su Qian in his arms.

The moment he jumped out, the secret realm completely collapsed and turned into a piece of void.

Looking in from the exit, he could only see a pitch-black area inside.

It was the void, an endless void.

Once he fell into it, he would be left inside forever.

Qin Yu’s expression was somewhat cold, and his brows furrowed.

“It seems that there are risks in the secret realm as well,”Qin Yu said in a low voice.

If he fell into the void, he would die without a doubt.

“What a pity.”Looking at the collapsed mystic realm, Qin Yu could not help but sigh.

It was not easy to find a mystic realm, but he did not expect it to be destroyed just like that.

Qin Yu picked up Su Qian and prepared to head to the Divine Alchemist Pavilion.

He went to buy a car and drove towards the Divine Alchemist Pavilion.

The seclusion this time was not perfect. Qin Yu originally wanted to rely on the golden core, herbs, yin heart, and the power of creation to step into the half-step martial saint realm in one go.

Unfortunately, before he could make the next breakthrough, he was discovered.

On the way to the Divine Medicine Pavilion, Qin Yu suddenly felt a sharp pain in his lower abdomen.

This pain was unbearable. Even Qin Yu, who had a strong willpower, could not hold it in for a moment. His vision was dark and he almost fainted.

He hurriedly parked the car to the side.

As soon as the car stopped, Qin Yu suddenly spat out a mouthful of blood!

The moment the blood was spat out, the pain disappeared.

Qin Yu’s expression was extremely ugly.

“It must be the crack on the Golden Core...”Qin Yu muttered in a low voice.

Uncle Guan’s two heavy blows had obviously left behind a hidden injury.

He closed his eyes and tried to use qi/spiritual energy to repair his dantian, but unfortunately, he failed.

“F * ck.”Qin Yu couldn’t help but curse in his heart.

There was no time to think. The current Qin Yu could only place his hopes on the pavilion master.

The car sped towards the Medicine God Pavilion.

A few hours later, the car finally stopped at the entrance of the Medicine God Pavilion.

As soon as it stopped, Qin Yu felt that something was wrong.

The entire medicine God Pavilion was enveloped by an intense cold internal QI.

Waves of light winds were stirred up by the rampant killing intent.

Qin Yu hurriedly parked the car and rushed towards the Medicine God Pavilion.

At this moment, inside the medicine God Pavilion.

The pavilion master was covered in blood and her face was extremely pale.

Three Corpses lay beside her.

What was shocking was that these two corpses were actually at the half-step martial Saint Stage!

“Pavilion Master, we have really underestimated you.”A tall man said coldly in front of the pavilion master.

“You actually killed three of us half-step martial saints in a row! Just What Realm Are You At?”Another person questioned coldly.

The pavilion master wiped the blood from the corner of her mouth. She did not answer this question. Instead, she puffed out her chest and said coldly, “No need to talk nonsense. Let’s do it.”

The pavilion master’s feet trembled. Rays of dark blue light began to spread from under her feet.

“It’s useless. Your internal Qi has already withered to the extreme. You are definitely not a match for the two of us,”the tall man said coldly.

“Hand over Yan Ruoxue obediently, and I’ll Spare Your Life!”

“Otherwise, the Divine Alchemist Pavilion will not leave a single person alive!”

The pavilion master did not say a word. The only response he received was a blue slap!

That slap came from all directions, and the terrifying internal Qi shook the entire ground!

However, just as the palm was about to strike the two of them, the pavilion master’s face turned pale, and she immediately spat out a mouthful of blood!

That condensed palm immediately trembled slightly, and the strength instantly disappeared!

The two of them seized this opportunity and immediately attacked. Their palms shook, and a ray of light shot towards the pavilion master!

This ray of light was extremely fast, and the pavilion master had no way to dodge it!

“Bang!”

Her chest was hit hard, and her face turned even paler!

“Ji Yuhong, why do you have to resist? You’re dead today!”

“Even the Heavenly King can’t Save You!”

The two of them burst out with a terrifying light. Under their joint efforts, a huge sharp blade condensed above the pavilion master’s Head!

The sharp blade carried an intense killing intent as it pierced straight down towards the pavilion master!

Just as the sharp blade was about to land on the pavilion master’s body, a golden light flashed past and blocked in front of the Pavilion Master! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Following that, everyone saw a golden fist illuminating the entire world as it went straight towards the sharp blade!

“Hong!”

At the instant of the collision, the shockwave spread out in all directions!

And the sharp blade that was condensed in mid-air was actually shattered by a single punch!

Smoke and dust rose up, and the surroundings became quiet.

With a glance, they saw Qin Yu standing in front of the Pavilion Master.

He supported the pavilion master, and his eyes were looking coldly at the two people in front of him.

“Qin Yu...”the pavilion master said these words with great difficulty.

She seemed to want to say something, but was interrupted by Qin Yu with a wave of his hand.

“Pavilion Master, rest well. Leave these two people to me,”Qin Yu said in a low voice.

After saying that, Qin Yu stood up and looked at the two people in front of him.

The two people sized up Qin Yu and said, “Who are you?”

Qin Yu didn’t answer these words. Instead, he said coldly, “Say it. How Do You Want to Die?”