Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 857: Chapter 857, the power of a punch!

Seeing this, the pavilion master frowned even more.

All the signs showed that Qin Yu’s golden core was indeed damaged.

Qin Yu wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, but there was not much worry on his face.

“Your Body...”the pavilion master opened his mouth.

Qin Yu waved his hand and said, “I’m Fine, Lord Pavilion Master. I’m going to Jingdu right now to look for Luo Jingyu.”

“What if Luo Jingyu doesn’t give you the Cosmic Stone?”The pavilion master asked.

Qin Yu said in a deep voice, “I think I’m still too soft-hearted. That’s why so many people risked their lives to come and Snatch Yan Ruoxue.”

Although this sentence wasn’t a direct answer, the meaning was very obvious.

Qin Yu didn’t say anything more. He said goodbye to the Pavilion Master and left the Divine Alchemist Pavilion.

Currently, Qin Yu did not have a better way to protect the pavilion master and Yan Ruoxue, unless he found a secret realm.

Jingdu, the pavilion of heavenly secrets.

There were many people here. Many people were here to buy spiritual artifacts and top-tier weapons.

The true top-tier buyers were naturally not in this hall. Instead, they were in the villa behind the Hall of the pavilion of heavenly secrets.

At this moment, there were three half-step martial saints in this villa.

These three people were all holding a spiritual weapon.

And these three spiritual weapons all had one thing in common, which was that they could restrict the other party’s physical body.

Luo Jingyu poured tea for them and said with a smile, “The three of you, are you satisfied with this spiritual weapon?”

“That’s right.”The three people nodded.

“Pavilion Master Luo, how much do these three spiritual weapons cost?”

Luo Jingyu laughed loudly and said, “These three spiritual weapons are all high-quality spiritual weapons. Naturally, their prices are not cheap.”

As he spoke, Luo Jingyu extended three fingers.

“Three billion,”Luo Jingyu said lightly.

Such a price made the three of them frown slightly.

Although a half-step martial saint did not lack money, three billion was still a huge sum.

“Three billion... The price is indeed a little too expensive,”one of them said with a frown.

“Alright, if we can get rid of that Qin Yu, three billion is worth it.”The other person nodded and said.

Upon hearing this, Luo Jingyu quickly stood up and exclaimed, “What did you say? Get Rid of Qin Yu?”

“That’s right. Why? Does Pavilion Master Luo Know Him?”A half-step martial saint asked.

Luo Jingyu did not answer this question. He narrowed his eyes slightly and said, “Since you are here to kill Qin Yu, I will give you a discount for these three spiritual artifacts. Take One Billion.”

“Oh?”The three of them looked at each other and then smiled. “Thank you very much, pavilion master Luo!”

Before he finished speaking, Luo Yang suddenly rushed in.

He leaned on Luo Jingyu’s ear and said, “Dad, that Qin Yu is here. Our people can’t stop him at all.”

“Qin Yu is here?”Luo Jingyu raised his eyebrows, and a trace of surprise flashed across his face.

“There’s no need to stop him. Just let him in.”

Luo Yang was stunned. He seemed to want to say something, but was interrupted by Luo Jingyu with a wave of his hand.

As he spoke, Qin Yu had already strode in.

He sat directly next to Luo Jingyu and poured himself a cup of tea.

“Qin Yu, what brings you here?”Luo Jingyu asked with a smile.

Qin Yu glanced at him and said, “I’m here to get something from pavilion master Luo.”

“Oh?”Luo Jingyu raised his eyebrows.

“I don’t know what you’re talking about?”

Qin Yu took a sip of tea and said, “Qiankun Stone.”

Upon hearing these three words, Luo Jingyu’s face suddenly changed!

He suddenly stood up and said coldly, “Qiankun Stone? Qin Yu, are you joking?”

“Do you think I’m Joking With You? One Qiankun Stone for your whole family’s life. It should be worth it.”

Luo Jingyu’s face was extremely gloomy. Countless thoughts emerged in his heart. Countless thoughts of getting rid of Qin Yu!

“Sir, you are robbing us openly.”At this moment, the three half-step martial saints said.

Qin Yu glanced at them and said, “It’s none of your business.”

“Haha, it really didn’t take much effort to come here.”These three people stood up and said.

“Qin Yu, we were just about to look for you. We didn’t expect you to come to us.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Qin Yu narrowed his eyes slightly and said with a cold smile, “Who are you people? which sect and aristocratic family are you from?”

“You don’t need to know this. In short, you will definitely die today.”These three people said indifferently.

Qin Yu raised his eyebrows and smiled, “Since I am already a person who is about to die, why not tell me?”

The three of them looked at each other and seemed to think that it made sense.

“Alright, there’s no harm in telling you. Listen well, we are from the northwest aristocratic family, the Lei family!”The three of them shouted.

Qin Yu touched his chin and said in a low voice, “The Lei family... Alright, Let’s start with you guys.”

“Start first? Start what?”The three of them seemed a little puzzled.

Qin Yu sneered, “Kill the chicken to warn the monkeys.”

After saying that, the tea in Qin Yu’s hand was suddenly splashed out!

This water contained Qin Yu’s extremely powerful spiritual power, each of them contained a force of ten thousand tons!

The three of them stretched out their palms, and a light burst out in all directions, and these few drops of tea immediately exploded!

“Do it, kill him!”The three of them shouted loudly.

After they finished speaking, they began to activate the Dharma artifacts in their hands!

This Dharma artifact was a heaven-grade Dharma artifact, and it was all made by Luo Jingyu. Furthermore, it was specially targeted at the physical body!

Therefore, they were full of confidence.

Along with the activation of the Dharma artifact, rays of light instantly landed on Qin Yu’s body!

In an instant, Qin Yu’s body seemed to have sunk into a quagmire! That light seemed to be corroding Qin Yu’s fierce body!

“Without your physical body, you’re Only So-so!”The three of them shouted loudly!

Qin Yu sneered, “You want to restrict me with a low-grade heaven rank spiritual artifact?”

Before he could finish his words, Qin Yu’s body shook, and a golden light instantly burst out!

“Boom!”

The spiritual artifacts in the hands of the three people were directly shattered!

“How... how is this possible!”The three half-step martial saints’expressions changed drastically!

Luo Jingyu’s eyes widened!

The spiritual artifacts were made by him. Of course, he knew how powerful this spiritual artifact was!

“Luo Jingyu! You used a fake to fool us!”The three people thought that they had bought a fake and couldn’t help but shout at Luo Jingyu!

When Qin Yu heard these words, he said with some surprise, “This heaven rank spiritual artifact was made by you? It seems that you have some ability.”

Luo Jingyu didn’t say a word, his forehead was full of cold sweat.

These three people saw that the situation was bad and planned to take the opportunity to escape.

But How Could Qin Yu give them a chance? Before they could turn around, a golden light had already pressed down on them!

This was a casual punch from Qin Yu. Golden Dragons coiled around his arm, and a terrifying power surged out from his fist!

“Boom!”

The fist landed squarely on the bodies of the three men, and the terrifying penetrating force even penetrated the walls of the villa!

“Pu!”

With just one punch, the bodies of the three men were directly penetrated, and their internal Qi instantly weakened!

Luo Jingyu could not help but suck in a cold breath when he saw this!

Before he could be shocked, a loud sound came from outside the villa!

At a glance, the hill not far away collapsed with a loud bang!

Everyone’s faces were instantly filled with astonishment!

The residual power of this punch not only shattered the wall, it even shattered the hill in the distance!