Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 860: Chapter 860, the true face of the higher-ups

“Qin Yu, how dare you say such heinous words!”The surrounding purple-robed men stood up and shouted!

In their eyes, the higher-ups were incomparably sacred existences that could not be questioned by anyone!

However, Qin Yu completely ignored them. He stood up with large strides and walked towards the eight empty seats.

“Qin Yu, how dare you!”A purple-robed man could not hold it in any longer and rushed towards Qin Yu!

However, Qin Yu did not even look at him. He casually waved his palm and that purple-robed man was instantly sent flying and fell to the ground!

These purple-robed men were merely at the peak of the Martial Marquis Realm. How could they be Qin Yu’s match?

Seeing such a scene, the purple-robed men were immediately frightened and did not dare to keep quiet.

Qin Yu walked straight to the eight empty seats. He extended his palm and a streak of spiritual fire was ignited.

Relying on the spiritual fire, Qin Yu tried to see clearly what was hidden in the darkness.

But unfortunately, under the illumination of the spiritual fire, there was actually nothing in the darkness!

“How could this be?”Qin Yu immediately frowned.

“Could it be that the eight higher-ups have already escaped?”Qin Yu said sarcastically.

“Nonsense! How could the higher-ups be afraid of You!”Someone berated.

Qin Yu didn’t pay any attention. He swept his gaze across the eight seats. As expected, these eight seats were all empty.

Just as Qin Yu was lost in thought, a voice came from the dark.

“Qin Yu, you barged into the conference room of the Jingdu Martial Arts Association. Have you thought about the consequences!”

This voice came from the higher-ups!

Qin Yu followed the voice in an attempt to find their location.

But unfortunately, the voice seemed to come from all directions, and he couldn’t find their location at all.

“What kind of secret technique is this?”Qin Yu frowned.

“Qin Yu, don’t flaunt your insignificant achievements. There are many things in this world that you don’t know.”Another higher-up’s voice came out.

Qin Yu scratched his head. He held the golden light in his hand and suddenly smashed it toward the higher-ups’location.

“Boom!”

The chair was instantly shattered, but the higher-ups still did not show themselves.

“Strange,”Qin Yu muttered.

“What secret technique did you guys use to hide yourselves?”Qin Yu asked, somewhat puzzled.

“Our methods are not something you can understand.”The voice of the higher-ups sounded again.

Qin Yu was just about to speak when another higher-up spoke, “Everyone, leave for now.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Yes, high-ranking official,”the purple-robed men bowed and said.

“What’s the Rush?”However, at this moment, Qin Yu slapped his palm, and the door was immediately closed.

“Aren’t you all going to have a meeting? Continue with the meeting. I want to hear what you guys are holding back,”Qin Yu said swaggeringly as he sat on the chair.

A high-ranking official said angrily, “Qin Yu, do you really think that our Jingdu martial arts association can’t Do Anything to You? !”

Qin Yu narrowed his eyes slightly and sneered, “That’s right, that’s what I think.”

“If I’m not wrong, your main bodies should be hidden in the secret realm, right? In the first secret realm?”Qin Yu sneered.

The many higher-ups were silent, as if Qin Yu had guessed correctly.

“Since your main bodies can’t come, why should I Be Afraid of You?”Qin Yu sneered.

“Qin Yu, what exactly do you want to do!”A higher-up berated.

Qin Yu leaned back on the chair and said indifferently, “I came today for one thing, and that is... to kill people!”

As he spoke, Qin Yu’s eyes swept over the purple-robed people who were hungry.

“Aren’t you known as the right-hand men of the Jingdu Martial Arts Association? Although I can’t destroy the Jingdu Martial Arts Association for the time being, I can still break his right-hand men,”Qin Yu said indifferently.

As soon as he said this, the purple robes turned pale with fright!

Qin Yu actually wanted to kill all of them? !

“Qin Yu, are you... are you trying to scare us? We are not scared!”A purple robe forced himself to rebuke.

Qin Yu glanced at him, suddenly clenched his fingers, and threw a punch!

That golden light was like a torrential downpour, bringing with it a terrifying force as it directly smashed that purple robe into meat paste!

“Do you think I’m Joking?”Qin Yu said coldly.

This time, no one dared to speak.

“Qin Yu, you’re the first person who dares to act arrogantly in the Jingdu Martial Arts Association,”a higher-up said coldly.

Qin Yu laughed loudly and said, “If you can’t mobilize a martial saint, then there’s nothing you can do to me.”

“Do you really think we can’t mobilize a martial saint?”A higher-up threatened.

Qin Yu raised his eyebrows and said, “Why? Aren’t you afraid of the Dao Protector?”

The higher-ups immediately fell into silence.

Clearly, they were also afraid of the existence of the Dao Protector.

“Alright, I won’t waste any more words with you.”Qin Yu stretched his body and stood up.

Then, he opened his mouth and revealed a mouthful of white teeth. He sneered like a demon and said, “Today, I will kill all of your purple robes in front of the eight of you higher-ups!”

Before he could finish his sentence, Qin Yu’s figure suddenly disappeared. In the blink of an eye, he arrived in front of a purple robe.

The Purple Robe was stunned. Before he could react, Qin Yu had already pierced through his chest!

For a moment, all of the purple robes were so scared that their faces turned pale. They immediately ran away.

The entire conference room was filled with wails and the smell of blood.

The shrewd Xia hang stood silently at the side and was looking for an opportunity to escape.

Qin Yu deliberately spared his life and took the lead in killing the purple robe.

Just as Qin Yu was killing the purple robe, Xia hang seized the opportunity and escaped from the meeting room!

The entire meeting room was filled with the smell of blood.

This massacre lasted for half an hour.

The Purple Robe team, which was known as the invincible under the heavens, was completely annihilated.

For a moment, blood flowed like a river, and sorrow filled the fields.

Qin Yu’s body was also dyed red with blood. The more than 20 golden cores in his hands lit up the dim meeting room!

Qin Yu wiped the blood off his face and sat down on the chair. He casually picked up Xia hang’s cigarette on the table and stuffed it into his mouth.

“Phew, you eight higher-ups, are you just going to watch me kill people? How is it, you feel very uncomfortable, right?”Qin Yu mocked.

At this moment, a high-ranking official said, “They are just a bunch of ants. Why would we care?”

“To us, the peak of the Martial Marquis realm can be groomed at any time.”

Qin Yu narrowed his eyes and said coldly, “They regard you as gods, but you treat them as ants.”

“Hehe, shouldn’t gods look down on all living things?”A high-ranking official sneered.

“People who are looked up to, why would they care about their lowly lives?”

Qin Yu’s expression became colder and colder. He couldn’t help but say with some anger, “Why are there animals like you who think highly of yourselves everywhere?”

They weren’t angry at Qin Yu’s words. Instead, they said indifferently, “Qin Yu, why don’t We Sit Down and talk?”

“Talk?”Qin Yu raised his eyebrows and then sneered, “Sure.”