Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 861: Chapter 861, the olive branch of the higher-ups

Qin Yu turned the tables and sat down on the chair, sneering, “Let’s talk.”

In the dark, the voice of the higher-ups could be heard.

“Qin Yu, there isn’t much enmity between you and the Jingdu Martial Arts Association.”

“And the purpose of our JINGDU martial arts association is to recruit talents.”

Qin Yu knocked on the table and said, “Continue.”

“Right now, the JINGDU martial arts association has been stirred up by you and has lost all its talents. This is no longer in line with our original intention.”

“As you can see, the JINGDU martial arts association urgently needs a leader.”

“If you are willing, we are willing to let you be the leader.”

Hearing their words, Qin Yu couldn’t help but laugh.

“Let me be the leader?”Qin Yu raised his eyebrows. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“In other words, from now on, I will be the one in charge of the Jingdu Martial Arts Association?”

“That’s right.”The higher-ups gave a definite answer.

“At that time, you will be the chief of the martial arts world.”

“This should be what you dream of.”

Qin Yu narrowed his eyes slightly. He swept his gaze across the eight empty seats and sneered, “Do you think my purpose in doing all this is to lead the martial arts world?”

“What else? Your ultimate purpose is to replace us, right?”A higher-up laughed.

“Qin Yu, there are no eternal enemies, only eternal benefits.”

“With our help, it’s only a matter of time before you become a martial saint.”

When Qin Yu heard this, he could not help but burst into laughter.

“What are you laughing at?”A higher-up asked in a deep voice.

Qin Yu sneered, “I just think you guys are funny.”

“Leader? To put it bluntly, I’m just a puppet for you guys. You guys can kick me out at any time.”

“Moreover, you guys should like people who are more obedient, right? It’s a pity that I’ve been disobedient since I Was Young.”

“As for what you said about being the chief of the world of martial arts... In my eyes, it’s nothing at all. That’s never been my goal.”

Hearing Qin Yu’s words, many higher-ups fell into silence.

“Then what do you want?”A higher-up asked.

Qin Yu rolled his eyes and said, “How about this? In order to express your sincerity, you tell me how to undo the God binding spell first. How about it?”

The higher-up said in a deep voice, “The god binding spell is just a spell that is not worth mentioning. We can give it to you at any time.”

“Then don’t waste time. Tell me quickly,”Qin Yu stood up and said.

The higher-up was silent again.

A moment later, a higher-up said, “It’s okay to give you the god binding spell, but you have to agree to one condition of ours.”

“Speak.”Qin Yu nodded.

“You have to go to the second secret realm and accept our spell,”said one of the higher-ups.

Qin Yu raised his eyebrows and sneered, “Your spell? Is it used to control my spell? Like Granny Qin? As long as you don’t Listen, you can be destroyed at any time?”

“That’s right.”The higher-ups did not hide this question.

“We must have some control over you. This can be considered as a way for you to show your loyalty.”

Qin Yu raised his eyebrows. He thought for a moment and said, “I have other conditions.”

“Speak,”the higher-ups said in a deep voice.

Qin Yu sneered, “I want the second mystic realm. I want to become the Master of the second Mystic Realm.”

This instantly silenced all the higher-ups.

After a few minutes, not a single person spoke.

Qin Yu laughed coldly, “What, you don’t agree?”

“The Master of the second secret area, Gu Zizhen, is a peak martial saint. If you become a martial saint, we can consider it.”A higher-up said in a low voice.

Qin Yu laughed, “It’s only a matter of time before you become a martial saint. What’s the Rush?”

“Besides, when I become a martial saint, do I still need you guys?”

The higher-ups remained silent. It seemed that Qin Yu’s words made sense.

“We can give you the second secret realm as long as you are willing to accept our spells,”the higher-ups continued.

Qin Yu could not help but raise his eyebrows.

He had never expected that this higher-ups would actually agree!

Qin Yu thought for a moment and said, “What if I don’t accept your spells? After all, I don’t like to be restricted.”

“Don’t accept spells?”The higher-ups’voice was a little doubtful.

After a while, a woman’s voice came out, “Okay, I’ll agree to it.”

“You agree to it?”Qin Yu was even more surprised.

“Of course. After all, we have always cherished talents.”The woman’s voice came out again.

Qin Yu touched his chin and said, “Also, from now on, you are not allowed to have any ideas about Yan Ruoxue.”

“Okay.”They continued to agree.

When he heard this, Qin Yu could not help but burst into laughter.

“Do you think I’m an idiot? You want to trick me into going to the second mystic realm and take my life?”Qin Yu laughed out loud.

“Don’t think I don’t know that once I enter the second mystic realm, the martial saint will quickly eliminate me!”

One of the higher-ups said coldly, “Qin Yu, we have no such intention.”

“Screw you! Do you think I’m an Idiot?”Qin Yu mocked.

“You can even give up your own people at any time, let alone someone who is against you?”

“Qin Yu!”The higher-ups seemed to be angered by Qin Yu.

“You don’t want to give face!”

Qin Yu sneered and said, “I also told you that I’ve taken a fancy to the second mystic realm and will definitely take it.”

“About next year, I will go to the secret area personally, kill Gu Zizhen, and occupy the second secret area!”

“I hope to see you in the second secret area next year.”

After saying this, Qin Yu got up and was about to leave.

“Qin Yu, you will regret it!”A voice came out.

“You will pay the price for your disrespect to us!”

“Not only will we kill you, we will also split up Yan Ruoxue’s flesh and blood! Lock her up in the cycle of reincarnation, never to be reincarnated!”

Qin Yu stopped in his tracks and said coldly, “Then let’s wait and see. Let’s see who will have the last laugh.”

“Good, good! Next year will be the day of your death!”The cold voice of the higher-ups rang out.

Qin Yu could not be bothered with them anymore. He walked out of the meeting room and stood in the office of the Jingdu Martial Arts Association.

Then, Qin Yu’s feet shook, and a terrifying power immediately spread out from under Qin Yu’s feet.

“Rumble...”

The entire Jingdu martial arts association was like an earthquake, with earth-shattering sounds coming from it!

The building began to collapse, and the office was reduced to rubble!

In a moment, the dignified Jingdu martial arts association was reduced to ruins!

Everyone passing by was shocked by this scene.

They took out their phones and hurriedly took pictures of this scene.

“An earthquake at the Jingdu Martial Arts Association?”

“Bullsh * t, your home only shook one place? If I’m not wrong, it must be renovating!”

“Renovating the F * ck, who can demolish a house with renovations?”

Just as they were discussing, Qin Yu walked out from the ruins.

He turned his head and looked coldly at the large jingdu martial arts association, then extended his palm.

His palm flickered with golden light, and a golden palm suddenly smashed toward the Jingdu martial arts association that had already become ruins!

The entire Jingdu martial arts association was completely reduced to dust!