Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 866: Chapter 866 — that was his son!

Gu Zizhen quickly chased after him. The two of them walked out of the main hall and came to a place where no one was around.

“Tell me, why did you let him go?”Gu Zizhen asked coldly.

Zhai Xing looked at Gu Zizhen coldly and said, “Do you know who that child is?”

“Qin Yu? Hehe, you really know how to make excuses.”Gu Zizhen could not help but sneer.

“We have investigated his background. He was an orphan when he was young, a son-in-law who married into the family. He has no background at all. He just has a bit of luck and some strength.”

“But in your eyes, his strength is not worth mentioning at all.”

Zhai Xing took a deep breath and shouted, “He is the son of the Dao Guardian! If I kill him, do you think the Dao Guardian will let us go?”

The shout made Gu Zizhen freeze on the spot, and even the atmosphere froze.

“What did you say? ! He is the son of the Guardian? !”After a few minutes, Gu Zizhen finally came back to his senses.

Zhai xing snorted coldly, “I left the mystic realm to kill him, which is against the rules set by the Guardian. If I killed his own son, do you think I can still live?”

Gu Zizhen’s expression was somewhat unsightly.

He stood where he was and did not speak for a long time.

“Who told you about this?”Gu Zizhen hurriedly asked.

Zhai Xing said in a low voice, “The Pavilion Master of the Divine Medicine Pavilion. She seems to have some relationship with the Dao Protector.”

Gu Zizhen frowned and said, “Are you sure the information is reliable?” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Zhai Xing said with a cold smile, “Regardless of whether it is reliable or not, do you dare to take this risk?”

“Back then, the Jingdu Martial Arts Association refused to believe in evil. In the end, dozens of martial saints were killed!”

When they thought of that scene back then, both of them felt a chill run down their spines.

“In that case... doesn’t that mean we can’t touch him?”Gu Zizhen said with a frown.

“No.”Zhai Xing shook his head.

“That guardian of the path is an extremely rigid person. He will never break the rules he set.”

“As long as we don’t break the agreement, he won’t say anything even if we kill his son.”

Gu Zizhen touched his chin and said in a low voice, “It makes sense. That person is not friendly at all.”

“I advise you not to leave the second mystic realm,”Zhai Xing said and turned to leave.

Gu Zizhen stood in the same place and didn’t say anything for a long time.

“It seems that... we can only rely on my son,”Gu Zizhen said in a low voice.

Gu Zizhen immediately made up his mind.

He had to be fully prepared for Gu Xinghe and ensure that he could kill Qin Yu!

...

At this moment, Qin Yu had already left the Divine Alchemist Pavilion.

He had to think of a way to find a mystic realm master.

After thinking about it, the person with the strongest connections was probably ye Qing.

As the god of war in the military district, his connections naturally didn’t need to be said.

At noon on this day.

Qin Yu arrived at ye Qing’s residence in Jingdu.

At this moment, ye Qing was in the military district. His entire home was empty. Other than a dog, there was no one else.

Until late at night.

Only then did ye Qing drive back.

Seeing Qin Yu, Ye Qing said with some doubt, “Qin Yu, why are you here?”

Qin Yu bowed and said, “Greetings, Officer Ye.”

Ye Qing said in a deep voice, “Come in and talk.”

Qin Yu followed behind ye Qing and walked into his house.

After sitting down, Ye Qing went straight to the point and said, “Tell me, what do you want to talk to me about?”

Qin Yu did not stand on ceremony and immediately expressed his intention to come.

“Officer Ye, do you know a Mystic Realm Master?”Qin Yu said.

“Mystic Realm Master?”Ye Qing raised his brows. “Why? Why are you looking for a Mystic Realm Master?”

Qin Yu said in a deep voice, “I have something to ask of you, but my connections are limited. I can only rely on you.”

Upon hearing this, Ye Qing could not help but Snicker. “I am not Ji Yuhong. I am willing to help you with anything. Remember, in my place, no one has a personal relationship.”

Upon hearing this, Qin Yu was not discouraged. Instead, he was delighted.

These words at least showed that ye Qing really knew a mystic realm master.

“Officer Ye, a mystic realm master is very important to me. If you can help me, I’ll agree to any conditions,”Qin Yu said in a deep voice.

Ye Qing raised his brows and said, “Qin Yu, what do you think you can help me with? You and I are not from the same world at all.”

“That may not be the case.”Qin Yu shook his head.

“I think as the god of war in the Military District, you must have problems that you can’t solve yourself.”

“Hahahaha!”Hearing this, Ye Qing could not help but burst into laughter.

He suddenly slapped the table and berated, “Qin Yu! who gave you the confidence to talk to me like that!”

“You think you can solve a problem that I can’t solve? !”

Qin Yu was not in a hurry. He said calmly, “Of course I don’t dare to boast, but I might be able to do it. How do you know the result if you don’t try?”

Ye Qing said angrily, “You’d better leave before I lose my temper.”

Qin Yu sat there without moving an inch. Obviously, he looked like a scoundrel.

“Are you leaving or not?”Ye Qing could not help but ask angrily.

Qin Yu said, “I won’t leave if you don’t help me.”

“You!”Ye Qing was instantly furious.

“You’re a moral kidnapper, right?”

Qin Yu smiled bitterly and said, “You can interpret it that way, but if it succeeds, I’ll accept moral kidnappings.”

Ye Qing was so angry that he laughed. He pointed at Qin Yu and said, “Good, good! Since that’s the case, I’ll give you a chance.”

After saying that, ye Qing turned around and returned to his room.

He held a stack of documents in his hand and fiercely threw them in front of Qin Yu.

“If you can find these people for me, I’ll help you,”ye Qing said coldly.

Qin Yu picked up the documents and took a look. He found that almost all the names recorded in the documents were the names of overseas organizations.

These names were all extremely evil and had killed countless people. Among them were the notorious Hong Yi sect and Han Gong, whom he had interacted with before!

“Why? Are you backing out?”Ye Qing mocked.

Qin Yu picked up the document on the table and said, “There are so many organizations. How can I accomplish something that even you can’t do?”

This round of flattery made ye Qing slightly less angry.

“Looks like you still have some self-awareness.”Ye Qing snorted coldly.

Even though that was the case, ye Qing’s tone was clearly not as stiff as before.

Qin Yu smiled and said, “But I can help you deal with three organizations. How about it?”

“Oh?”Ye Qing raised his eyebrows as if he was interested.

He pointed at the list and said, “Do you know that these organizations have existed for many years? Moreover, they have no fixed residence and can’t be found at all?”

Qin Yu smiled and said, “I have my own brilliant plan.”

Ye Qing said with a faint smile, “Good, good, it’s interesting!”

“If you can really find three organizations, I can promise you.”

Qin Yu picked three documents from the list and said, “Deal.”

“But, I will only give you half a month’s time.”At this time, ye Qing added another condition.