Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 867: Chapter 867, Icy Glaze Heart

Qin Yu stopped in his tracks. He took a deep breath and said, “Alright, half a month it is.”

After saying this, Qin Yu turned around and left.

He found a hotel and stayed there for the time being.

In the room, three documents were placed in front of Qin Yu.

These three organizations were called the Han Palace, the Xuan Yan Gang, and the Flood Dragon sect. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Qin Yu took this document and read it carefully.

These three organizations had similar strength and each of them had a half-step martial saint overseeing them.

Most importantly, they most likely possessed the power of a martial saint.

Half a month was very short, and Qin Yu could not afford to delay.

He picked up his phone and made a call.

This call was none other than the one Qin Yu had let go of, Zhang Yi Jiu.

“What? Have you forgotten what I Told You?”Qin Yu said indifferently after the call was picked up.

Zhang Yi Jiu’s expression changed slightly when he heard Qin Yu’s words.

She stammered, “I... I’ve been too busy recently. Palace master didn’t tell me what you asked me to find out. I... I’ll think of another way.”

“No need. Tell me the location of the Han Palace.”Qin Yu interrupted Zhang Yi Jiu’s words.

After hearing this, Zhang Yi Jiu was shocked.

“What do you want the location of the cold palace for? You... You’re not coming, are you?”Zhang Yi Jiu frowned.

Qin Yu said indifferently, “What do you think?”

On the other end, Zhang Yi Jiu immediately panicked.

She said anxiously on the phone, “If the palace master knows about the relationship between you and me, I’ll be dead for sure!”

“And we can’t tell anyone about the location of our cold palace. You...”

“That’s your business.”Qin Yu interrupted Zhang Yi Jiu again.

“Tell me the location of the cold palace right now. If you dare to lie to me, I’ll kill you right away,”Qin Yu said coldly.

Zhang Yi Jiu on the other end of the line immediately fell into a dilemma. He stammered and didn’t speak for a long time.

“Don’t worry. No one will know about this.”Qin Yu consoled him over the phone.

On the other end of the line, Zhang Yi Jiu took a deep breath and said, “I’ll send it to you in a while.”

After she finished speaking, she directly hung up the phone.

Qin Yu found the document of the Han palace and read it carefully.

This document was extremely detailed. Apart from its location, it contained almost all the information.

It was said that the palace master of the Cold Palace had stepped into the half-step martial saint realm many years ago, and their sect relied on a treasure called the icy glazed heart to cultivate.

“Icy glazed heart...”Qin Yu silently said this name.

He went online to search for relevant information and found that this icy glazed heart was a legendary heavenly treasure. It was most likely born in a place where the sky was cold and the Earth was frozen.

Qin Yu searched the entire Internet, but he could not find any photos of the ice glass heart. Regarding this treasure, it was only a legend.

‘If their palace master is only a half-step martial saint, I don’t have to be too afraid,’Qin Yu thought to himself.

As long as he did not meet a martial saint, Qin Yu was not afraid of anyone.

“If I can keep this ice glass heart, it would be an unexpected gain,”Qin Yu muttered in a low voice. He suddenly had some expectations in his heart.

...

In the coldest area in the north.

It was freezing here, and no one could be seen.

However, in such a harsh environment, there was a castle made of ice.

Zhang Yi Jiu stood at the edge of the castle with a conflicted look on her face.

She glanced at the depths of the castle and couldn’t help but clench her teeth.

“What’s Wrong?”At this moment, a young man walked up to Zhang Yi Jiu.

Zhang Yi Jiu clenched his teeth and immediately told the young man what had happened.

“I don’t want to betray the palace master, but if I don’t tell him, I’ll die. Brother song, what should I do...”Zhang Yi Jiu said in a trembling voice.

The Man Called Brother song sneered and said, “Since he wants to come, you can tell him.”

“As long as he dares to set foot in the cold palace, he will definitely die!”

Zhang Yi jiu frowned and said, “Brother song, I’m worried that it will expose the location of the Cold Palace.”

At this point, Zhang Yi Jiu looked into the depths of the cold palace and said, “Now is the critical moment when the palace master is in seclusion. If something goes wrong, it will not be worth it.”

Brother song raised his eyebrows and sneered, “Don’t worry, I will set a trap. As long as he dares to come, I guarantee that he will never come back!”

Seeing this, Zhang Yijiu nodded and said, “Okay, I’ll listen to You!”

Therefore, Zhang Yijiu immediately sent the location of the Cold Palace to Qin Yu.

Looking at the location on the phone, Qin Yu touched his chin and said in a low voice, “Why don’t... Tell ye Qing the location directly? Let him go by himself?”

Since it was a mission in the Military District, Ye Qing would definitely go there personally.

However, after thinking about it, Qin Yu gave up the idea.

“If I tell ye Qing, I won’t be fated to have this ice glaze heart...”Qin Yu said in a low voice.

Thinking of this, Qin Yu gave up the idea of telling ye Qing.

He took out his phone and sent a message to Zhang Yi jiu, “I will arrive at the Cold Palace on time tomorrow morning.”

After receiving the message, Zhang Yi Jiu hurriedly handed the phone to brother song.

Brother song looked at the content on the phone and couldn’t help but smile coldly.

“Think of a way to ask him how many people will come,”brother Song said.

Zhang Yi Jiu nodded and sent a message to Qin Yu, “Qin Yu, you must not tell anyone about this, or else the palace master will definitely not let me off!”!

A moment later, Qin Yu replied, “Don’t worry, I won’t tell anyone about this. Wait for me at the airport tomorrow morning.”

Seeing Qin Yu’s reply, Zhang Yi Jiu hurriedly handed his phone to brother song.

Seeing this, brother song couldn’t help but sneer, “He really dares to come to my cold palace alone? He’s really arrogant!”

Zhang Yi jiu frowned and said, “Brother song, don’t underestimate this Qin Yu. It’s said that he killed two elders of the Hong clan in a row!”

Brother song narrowed his eyes and sneered, “So what? As long as he’s in the cold palace, no one can behave atrociously!”