Chapter 870: Chapter 870, the premonition of a martial saint! 

The eight divine residences swarmed towards Qin Yu!

They seemed to be the gods of this world. Each of their movements could cause changes in the environment!

Qin Yu relied on his infinity dharma idol to fight with all his might. Each of his punches could shatter a divine residence. However, what gave him a headache was that this divine residence could be revived at any time.

No matter how many times Qin Yu shattered it, the divine residence would remain intact and reappear in front of Qin Yu.

In the blink of an eye, Qin Yu had shattered the divine residence several times, but he was still unable to stop the rebirth of the divine residence.

“This won’t do. If this continues, I’ll die of exhaustion here.”Qin Yu took a deep breath and said in a low voice.

He glanced at brother song, who was not far away.

This divine residence was summoned by Brother Song. Only by getting rid of him would there be a chance for this divine residence to disappear.

The entire Han palace seemed to have a certain degree of control over the power of ice and snow.

This brother song’s standard was obviously above Zhang Yi Jiu’s.

“We have to think of a way to kill him.”Qin Yu’s face was gloomy as he muttered in a low voice.

Although that was the case, this divine residence could control the surrounding ice and snow. No matter how fast they were, they could not get rid of it.

“We can only rely on the spirit fire,”Qin Yu said in a low voice.

The Spirit Fire was an item of extreme yang. Even Yin Qi could not resist it.

Facing this ice and snow, Qin Yu also had confidence.

His body slowly became smaller, and the Infinity spell disappeared.

“What, have you given up?”Seeing this scene, brother song could not help but laugh out loud.

Qin Yu did not say anything. His feet shook, and his body sped toward brother song!

“You want to get close to me? In your dreams!”Brother song saw through Qin Yu’s intentions. After an angry shout, the several divine residences suddenly appeared in front of Qin Yu!

“As expected!”Qin Yu guessed something!

This divine residence was indeed under Brother Song’s control!

“Think of a way to kill him!”Qin Yu growled.

Then, Qin Yu activated the spirit fire in his body, and the flames instantly enveloped his entire body!

The moment the spiritual fire appeared, the temperature of the entire world increased at this moment.

Therefore, the snowflakes that fell on Qin Yu’s body were instantly vaporized.

Qin Yu roared angrily, and his eyes gathered enough strength to charge towards Brother Song once again!

“It’s useless!”Brother Song roared angrily, and the divine residence once again blocked his way!

This time, Qin Yu did not pay any attention to it. He closed his eyes and used his physical body to directly crash into the divine residence!

“Boom!”

A loud sound spread out! Under the support of the spiritual fire, Qin Yu’s physical body directly penetrated through the divine residence!

“En?”

Seeing this scene, brother song’s expression slightly changed. He let out a low shout, and the divine residence suddenly appeared in front of him!

“Boom!”

Then, the divine residence that was blocking in front of Brother Song smashed a fist towards Qin Yu!

Qin Yu did not dare to be negligent. He clenched his fist, and a terrifying power surged out from Qin Yu’s body towards his fist at this moment!

“One punch can break all techniques!”Qin Yu roared, and a bright light immediately erupted from his fist!

This technique was Qin Yu’s Supreme Fist technique. It gathered all the internal Qi of spiritual fire and spiritual power into one punch, and its power was unimaginable!

“Boom!”

That monstrous airwave directly shattered the divine residence!

But this did not stop the remaining power from erupting!

The remaining power from the Golden Fist quickly crushed towards brother song!

Brother song’s expression changed greatly. He hurriedly summoned ice and snow in an attempt to stop it!

However, it was a pity that this punch was too terrifying. It forcefully smashed out a path filled with flames!

This punch was like a sharp blade that fell from the sky, turning this world into two pieces of space!

Brother song saw that the situation was not good and took off in an attempt to retreat.

“Fall heavily into space!”However, Qin Yu seized this opportunity and immediately cast a spatial spell!

Brother song’s footsteps immediately slowed down at this moment!

“Block it for me!”Brother Song’s eyes were wide open as he roared furiously. He unleashed his most powerful strength and actually summoned several snow mountains!

These Snow Mountains were incomparably huge, with three of them blocking in front of him!

But what made brother song horrified was that this incomparably huge snow mountain was actually shattered by Qin Yu’s one punch!

“Boom!”

The Fist smashed firmly onto brother song’s body!

His chest instantly festered and his body flew out for hundreds of meters. He did not know how many snow mountains he smashed before he could stabilize his body!

In the midst of an avalanche, brother song crawled out with great difficulty.

He opened his mouth, and a mouthful of blood mixed with his internal organs gushed out.

Qin Yu swept his gaze over the few divine residences. As expected, the divine residences did not move!

“It really is under your control.”Qin Yu sneered.

“I thought it was really the power of the divine residences in this snowy land...”

Brother song opened his mouth. This punch had injured him extremely badly.

“Kid, you... deserve to die!”Brother song gritted his teeth, as if he had gone mad.

However, this time, Qin Yu did not give him another chance. His figure flashed as he ran towards brother song at a rapid speed!

Brother song hurriedly activated the few divine residences. Unfortunately, under his injured condition, the power of the divine residences had also weakened. It was completely unable to block Qin Yu’s Path!

“Go to hell!”

In a moment of desperation, brother song took out a martial saint weapon and aimed it at Qin Yu!

That bright light lit up the world!

Qin Yu rose up from the ground and threw a punch!

“Boom!”

This was an intense collision! The entire sky turned into a vast expanse of whiteness!

Waves of air evaporated the divine residence, and cracks appeared on the ground!

The ground that had been frozen for several feet actually melted, and cracks suddenly appeared from the ground!

“Whoosh!”

At this moment, Qin Yu had already rushed in front of Brother Song!

He grabbed his neck, and the strength in his hand instantly increased!

“Qin Yu, i...”

Brother Song wanted to say something, but Qin Yu did not give him the slightest chance. He directly activated his power and crushed his head!

The eight divine residences completely disappeared into this snow-white world.

All that was left was brother song’s corpse.

Qin Yu took out his golden core and could not help but frown. “A half-step martial saint actually wasted so much of my time...”

He had thought that he could end the battle quickly, but unexpectedly, brother song had given Qin Yu some trouble.

The remaining half-step martial saints could not help but frown.

They could naturally see that Qin Yu’s strength was far above brother song’s!

Moreover, his punch was so powerful that it almost split this world into two!

When they thought of this, they looked at each other and said in a deep voice, “We give up resisting, we...” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Boom!”

However, before they could finish their words, Qin Yu had already thrown out a punch!

That terrifying power was like a nuclear explosion, directly smashing the bodies of these half-step martial saints into minced meat!

“Ah! !”

Zhang Yi Jiu immediately covered his mouth and let out a terrified cry!

He did not expect that Qin Yu would be so ruthless!

“Don’t... Don’t kill me... I’m willing to be your slave and spare my life...”Zhang Yi Jiu was already scared out of his wits. He kept trembling in the snow.

Qin Yu glanced at her and said, “Take me to get the ice and snow glazed heart.”

As he was speaking, Qin Yu saw a light blue light emitting from the castle in the cold palace.

A wave of power seemed to be quietly brewing.

“Oh no! Is... is he going to break through to the Martial Saint Realm?”Qin Yu’s expression changed.

He hurriedly looked at Zhang Yi Jiu and shouted, “Quick, take me to your palace master immediately!”