Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 878: Chapter 878, provoking Gu Xinghe 

Qin Yu became more and more suspicious of Li Yu.

Even so, Qin Yu still didn’t dare to break up with him.

“Can you hurry up? A week is too long,”Qin Yu said tentatively.

Li Yu said impatiently, “If it’s too long, you can find someone else. In short, I Need a week.”

Seeing his expression, Qin Yu wished he could give him a slap.

“Alright, a week then.”Qin Yu took a deep breath and forcefully suppressed the anger in his heart.

He had to lower his head when he had a request.

Li Yu did not say anything more. He placed his hand in front of the mystic realm and began to search for the secret key.

Qin Yu did not dare to leave either. In the next few days, he ordered no one to go near the spirit spring.

In the blink of an eye, three days had passed, and Li Yu still couldn’t find the secret key.

This couldn’t help but make Qin Yu a little worried.

“Are you sure you can find the secret key?”Qin Yu asked. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Li Yu glanced at Qin Yu and said with some excitement, “What’s hidden here is probably not an ordinary secret realm! But a big secret realm! You’re Rich!”

Qin Yu’s eyes lit up and said, “Are you serious?”

“Absolutely! If It’s an ordinary mystic realm, I can open it in an hour!”Li Yu said confidently.

“According to my speculation, this is definitely an extremely rare and stable mystic realm!”

Qin Yu could not help but be a little excited. He cupped his hands slightly and said, “Then I’ll have to trouble you. After this mystic realm is opened, I’m willing to give a portion to you and Mr. Jiang.”

“Alright, it’s a deal!”Li Yu also seemed to have become more enthusiastic.

Qin Yu just stood by the side, bored to death. Qin Yu took out his phone and opened the martial arts forum.

As soon as he opened the martial arts forum, an important piece of news appeared before his eyes.

The person with the username “Tian Jizi”had once again posted a piece of news regarding the martial saint:

A week later, the first martial saint would appear out of nowhere.

Countless people had followed the thread and were discussing who would be the first person to step into the martial saint realm.

Some said it would be Qin Yu, some said it would be Yan Jinyao. Of course, there were also people who thought it would be Jiang he and the other seniors.

“If someone steps into the martial saint realm, then the martial dao structure will change drastically.”

“That’s right, I’m afraid many reclusive people would also appear.”

“Tsk Tsk, I’m afraid the peace that has been maintained for a hundred years has been broken.”

Qin Yu could not help but frown as he looked at the content on his phone.

It was impossible for Qin Yu to step into the martial saint realm within a week!

In other words, Qin Yu only had one week left. After one week, Qin Yu would have to retreat into the secret realm to avoid being chased!

This immediately gave Qin Yu a strong sense of danger.

“One week...”Qin Yu murmured softly.

“Maybe it can change something!”

Thinking of this, Qin Yu looked at Li Yu and bowed, “I’m going to Jingdu. I’ll leave this place to you.”

Li Yu waved his hand and said, “Okay, don’t let anyone disturb me.”

Qin Yu grunted in gratitude before he turned around and went to Zhen Yue’s room.

“Keep an eye on Li Yu. If he makes any unusual movements, you must tell me,”Qin Yu instructed.

After giving his instructions, Qin Yu headed straight for Jingdu that very day.

He wanted to find a way to come into contact with the divine binding technique before the martial saint appeared!

And that method could only be used on Gu Xinghe.

It was the sixth day of the Lunar New Year, the start of the martial arts academy.

Gu Xinghe personally presided over the opening ceremony here. After this expansion, the number of students in Jingdu Martial Arts Academy had already reached over a hundred!

These people were all carefully selected geniuses from various families. Each of them possessed extraordinary talent.

Gu Xinghe stood in front and looked at the crowd below the stage. He could not help but feel a sense of superiority.

“As long as the martial arts academy is here, they will be able to provide us with an endless stream of talents,”Gu Xinghe said with a faint smile.

The long eyebrows beside him gave Gu Xinghe a thumbs up and said, “Young master, this method of yours is truly extraordinary!”

Gu Xinghe snorted lightly and said, “If it was before, we would not even have looked at these people. However, the current situation has changed.”

Once someone stepped into the martial saint realm, it would signify the arrival of the martial saint era.

The foundation of the Jingdu Martial Arts Association would also cease to exist. Thus, they had to firmly grasp the talents in their own hands.

“HM?”

At this moment, Gu Xinghe suddenly furrowed his brows and said in a low voice, “There is killing intent.”

“I also felt it.”The long brows stood up with a “Bang”, and his eyes swept the surroundings.

Very quickly, a figure descended from the sky and landed directly in front of Gu Xinghe!

It was none other than Qin Yu!

At this moment, his entire body was brimming with fighting spirit and his Aura was soaring. No one dared to ignore him.

“Qin Yu?”Upon seeing the newcomer, Gu Xinghe could not help but sneer.

“You still dare to appear?”

Qin Yu narrowed his eyes and said, “Why wouldn’t I Dare? I heard that you guys have been looking for me?”

Gu Xinghe sneered, “Looking for you? Qin Yu, you think too highly of yourself! You came to tell me this after you’ve become a martial saint!”

However, Qin Yu did not say a word. He raised his hand and threw a punch at Gu Xinghe’s face!

Gu Xinghe’s expression changed and he quickly retreated to the side. The entire table was instantly smashed into pieces!

The sudden change of events immediately attracted countless people.

Everyone stepped back and took out their phones at the same time.

“Qin Yu, do you want to die? !”Gu Xinghe could not help but fly into a rage.

Qin Yu sneered, “I’m here to kill you today. Gu Xinghe, didn’t you claim to be a genius of the second mystic realm? I want to experience it today!”

“Experience it? Are you worthy of it? !”Gu Xinghe shouted.

Qin Yu raised his eyebrows and said, “Why? Are You Afraid? Do you want to be a coward? It seems that the genius of the second mystic realm is just an empty title.”

Gu Xinghe narrowed his eyes and sneered, “If you want to fight, I’ll accompany you in a few days, but today...”

“A few days? If you’re afraid, just say it!”Qin Yu rudely interrupted Gu Xinghe.

“I think you’d better go back to the second mystic realm and be a coward!”

Gu Xinghe was instantly furious. He glared at Qin Yu and said, “Kid, do you think I’m afraid of You? Fine, I’ll teach you a lesson today, this kid who doesn’t know the immensity of Heaven and Earth!”

“Young master, don’t Be Rash.”At this moment, long brows stopped gu xinghe.

He said in a low voice, “Young master, don’t fall for this kid’s trick. He knows that a martial saint is about to be born, so he wants to drag you down with him before he dies. Why do you have to lower yourself to his level?”

Gu Xinghe gritted his teeth and said, “Then let him spout nonsense here! Where can I put my face in the second mystery realm?”

“Moreover, he is only at the perfect stage. Why Can’t I, a half-step martial saint, kill him!”

After he finished speaking, Gu Xinghe pushed away his long eyebrows and walked towards Qin Yu with big steps!