Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 880: Chapter 880, the spirit binding technique! 

Qin Yu dragged Gu Xinghe, who looked like a dead dog, to the Green Moon Villa. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Zhen Yue was stunned when she saw Gu Xinghe lying on the ground.

“Who is this?”Zhen Yue exclaimed.

Qin Yu waved his hand and said, “A fool. Don’t worry about him.”

Then, Qin Yu threw Gu Xinghe aside and came to the spirit spring alone.

“How is it? Any Progress?”Qin Yu asked.

Li Yu glanced at Qin Yu. He stretched out three fingers and said, “About three more days.”

Qin Yu grunted and said, “Thank you for your hard work.”

Three days was already much faster than he had imagined.

And three days was exactly the time Qin Yu gave Gu Zizhen.

“As long as the martial saint doesn’t come out, I’ll be safe for the time being,”Qin Yu thought to himself.

In the current era, Qin Yu was not afraid of anyone below the martial saint level, not even Jiang he or ye Qing.

For the rest of the time, Qin Yu stayed by Gu Xinghe’s side and waited quietly for the news of Gu Zizhen.

On the other side.

In the second secret realm, Gu Zizhen’s face was extremely livid.

Because of his anger, his entire body was trembling.

“Damn it, damn it! !”Gu Zizhen roared again and again!

The thing that he was most afraid of had finally happened.

“Master, he said that he would use the method to remove the spirit binding spell in exchange, and he would only give us three days...”long eyebrows said with a trembling voice.

Gu Zizhen gnashed his teeth and said, “What right does he have to negotiate with me? What right does he have! I will personally go out and kill him now!”

“Master, Please Calm down!”Long Mei hurriedly said.

“At most, there will be someone who will step into the martial saint realm in a week. At that time, it won’t be too late for you to make a move!”

“Moreover, the young master is still in his hands!”

Even though he said so, Gu Zizhen’s anger still had not subsided.

“Okay, I will endure him for a few days!”Gu Zizhen took a deep breath and forcefully suppressed the anger in his heart.

“What about the spirit binding technique?”Long brows asked tentatively.

Gu Zizhen said in a deep voice, “Bring the spirit binding technique with you tomorrow and go and change the person.”

“Yes, Master.”Long brows hurriedly nodded.

...

In the outside world, almost everyone was discussing this matter.

Qin Yu sent Gu Xinghe flying with one punch. This was undoubtedly shocking.

They were also increasingly unable to see through Qin Yu’s strength.

Among them, the most shocked was none other than the young masters of the aristocratic families in Jingdu.

“Qin Yu actually defeated Gu Xinghe with a single punch. This is truly inconceivable,”zhuang teng exclaimed.

Chu Heng also nodded and said, “That’s right. Could it be that Qin Yu has already stepped into the half-step martial Saint Realm?”

“No, he is only at the perfect stage of the Martial Marquis Realm.”

“Damn, then if he had stepped into the half-step martial saint realm, how powerful would he be?”

Wan Gu Qiong, who remained silent at the side, had an even colder expression on his face.

He was also from the secret realm, so he naturally had some understanding of Gu Xinghe’s strength.

The second secret realm was much more powerful than the Wan family’s secret realm, and the resources were even more abundant!

If even Gu Xinghe was sent flying with one punch, then his ending would not be any better.

“Fortunately, I can get rid of him soon.”Wan Gu Qiong thought to himself.

As long as someone stepped into the martial saint realm, the Wan family and the Le family would most likely attack Qin Yu!

“We also have to consider going into closed-door cultivation.”Chu Heng sighed.

“Yan Jinyao has been in closed-door cultivation for several days. I wonder what he has learned.”

“Sigh, there are rumors everywhere that the general environment has changed, and the structure of the martial arts world has also changed. I’m afraid that the leisurely life like before will never return.”

“Young Master Wan, a young master from the secret realm, will probably slowly surface.”

Wan Gu Qiong nodded slightly. He did not deny this.

Once someone stepped into the martial saint realm, everything would be different.

Breaking through to the martial saint realm in the secret realm was an extremely dangerous matter because the terrifying heavenly tribulation would very likely destroy a secret realm.

These young masters also felt a sense of danger at this moment.

...

Qin Yu sat in the Jade Moon Villa, quietly waiting for the arrival of the Gu family.

“Qin Yu... You Motherf * cker... you’ve made me lose all my face...”after waking up, Gu Xinghe glared at Qin Yu.

He was the first person to leave the mystic realm, yet he was sent flying with a punch. How could he endure such humiliation.

Qin Yu glanced at him and mocked, “Who can you blame if you don’t learn well?”

“You F * cking ambushed me...”Gu Xinghe said unwillingly.

Qin Yu kicked him and sneered, “Stop talking nonsense. Even if you do it again, you will still lose.”

Gu Xinghe said sinisterly, “Qin Yu, don’t be happy too early. There is still time. I will pay back the humiliation I suffered today a thousand times over!”

“Alright, I’ll wait for you.”Qin Yu closed his eyes slightly and ignored Gu Xinghe.

At this moment, Qin Yu felt several powerful internal Qi approaching!

Qin Yu suddenly opened his eyes and swept his gaze in the direction of the door.

He saw Long Mei leading eight people into the Jade Moon Villa!

Among these eight people, four were half-step martial saints, and the remaining four could not see through their strength!

“Martial saint? !”Qin Yu’s face could not help but change!

Was Gu Zi really crazy? Sending out a martial saint at this time?

“Qin Yu! I’ve brought the thing you wanted!”Just as Qin Yu was panicking, long brows shouted sternly.

Qin Yu hurriedly grabbed Gu Xinghe and placed his palm on Gu Xinghe’s Dantian to ensure that he could kill Gu Xinghe at the first possible moment.

They walked all the way to the square and saw Long Mei holding a document in his hand.

“Qin Yu, this is the method to remove the spirit binding spell.”Long Mei suddenly threw the document in his hand.

However, Qin Yu did not take it. He looked at the people in front of him cautiously and said coldly, “Four martial saints? Why, are you planning to make a move?”

“Haha, don’t worry. We won’t be so stupid. We only have a few days left. Why are you rushing?”Long Mei said with a smile that was not a smile.

“The four of them came with me to bring young master home. At the same time, they have to recognize your face so that they won’t find the wrong person in a few days.”

Long Mei’s words were full of threat. Qin Yu couldn’t help but frown.

The second secret realm was indeed powerful.

“Okay, leave the person to us,”Long Mei said coldly.

Qin Yu let go of his hand and threw Gu Xinghe to the side.

Long Mei rushed forward to support Gu Xinghe.

“Young Master, Are You Alright?”Long Mei asked worriedly.

Gu Xinghe ignored him and spat on the ground. Then, he glared at Qin Yu and said, “Qin Yu, remember this. Not only will I kill you, I will also torture the person you love in front of you!”

“Didn’t you want to protect Yan Ruoxue? When the time comes, I will drain her blood right in front of you!”

“Enjoy your last moments!”

After saying those harsh words, a cruel smile hung on Gu Xinghe’s face as he turned around and left.

Qin Yu took a deep breath, grabbed the document on the ground, and anxiously flipped it open.

“It is indeed the method to remove the spirit binding spell,”Qin Yu suppressed the excitement in his heart and whispered.