Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 89: Become so Soft-hearted Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio

Qin Yu couldn’t help but fall into deep thought.

He sat in the car and didn’t speak for a long time. Even his expression was a little crestfallen.

“Is this a big family? Even the strength that I am most proud of isn’t worth mentioning...” Qin Yu couldn’t help but mutter in a low voice.

Just how strong was the Yan Family? It was simply unimaginable.

At least... It far exceeded Qin Yu’s expectations.

“Let’s go down,” Yan Ruoxue said softly in Qin Yu’s ear.

Qin Yu didn’t move for a long time. He raised his head to look at Yan Ruoxue, his heart filled with mixed feelings.

Yan Ruoxue... just how did she take a fancy to him...

“Get off,” Yan Ruoxue said with a smile.

Qin Yu nodded and followed behind Yan Ruoxue.

a short distance away, Yan Yongxiu was talking to someone.

All the important figures in the provincial capital expressed their apologies for fear that they might accidentally offend him.

At this moment, Uncle Wu walked over from a short distance away.

“I’m really sorry.” Uncle Wu sighed slightly.

Updates by

“I didn’t expect things to come to this point.”

Yan Yongxiu looked at Uncle Wu and slowly said, “This matter... old Mister is very unhappy. You should know that old Mister Loves Ruoxue the most.”

Uncle Wu’s expression couldn’t help but change.

The old master was naturally referring to old Mister Yan, the true ruler of the Yan family.

“Mister Yan, I will go to Jingdu these few days and personally explain to the old master.” Uncle Wu sighed.

Yan Yongxiu didn’t say anything else. He turned around and walked towards the car.

“Ruoxue, get in the car.” When he walked to the front of the car, Yan Yongxiu suddenly called out to Yan Ruoxue.

Yan Ruoxue looked at Qin Yu and said with a smile, “Don’t think too much about it. You’ve already done very well.”

After saying that, Yan Ruoxue walked in the direction of Yan Yongxiu.

Qin Yu hurriedly stretched out his hand to pull Yan Ruoxue. The expression on his face was somewhat indescribable.

“What’s wrong?” Yan Ruoxue asked with a smile.

Qin Yu opened his mouth and said, “Where are you going?”

“Silly, my father is here. Of course I want to see him,” Yan Ruoxue said with a smile.

“Okay, you find a place to rest tonight. I’ll call you tomorrow.” Yan Ruoxue stood on her tiptoes and patted Qin Yu’s head gently.

After saying that, Yan Ruoxue walked in the direction of Yan Yongxiu.

The two of them got into the car. Qin Yu’s eyes were fixed on the direction of the car.

Yan Yongxiu’s car slowly passed by Qin Yu’s side.

At this moment, the car window suddenly rolled down.

Yan Yongxiu was looking at Qin Yu coldly.

This powerful aura made even Qin Yu feel uncomfortable.

Even just one look was enough to make one not dare to resist.

Qin Yu’s gaze met Yan Yongxiu’s gaze. Qin Yu’s eyes stared at Yan Yongxiu without any intention of turning his head.

The car finally passed by Qin Yu and sped off into the distance.

Qin Yu stood where he was without moving. He clenched his fists tightly and his heart was filled with mixed feelings.

...

In the car, Yan Yongxiu lit a cigar while Yan Ruoxue sat at the side.

“You can’t even do such a small thing well. What’s the use of me keeping you around?” At this moment, Yan Yongxiu looked coldly at Yan Ruoxue’s secretary.

When the secretary heard this, a hint of panic immediately appeared on his face.

He hurriedly said, “President... President Yan, it’s my fault... I didn’t fulfill my duties. Please punish me...”

“Punish you?” Yan Yongxiu’s tone became even colder.

“If something happens to my daughter, what will you do to make up for it?”

The secretary’s entire body trembled, and he didn’t dare to say another word.

Yan Yongxiu continued to hold the cigar in his mouth until the cigar was finished.

“Mr. Wu, throw all those good-for-nothings who are responsible for protecting Ruoxue into the river,” Yan Yongxiu said coldly.

Hearing this, the secretary was instantly terrified.

He begged desperately, “President Yan, please spare me this time and give me a chance to make up for it...”

“Make up for it?” Yan Yongxiu’s expression became even colder.

He said angrily, “If anything happens to my daughter, even a hundred lives won’t be enough to compensate for hers! How dare you ask me to forgive you?” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The secretary was trembling all over and his tears were streaming down his face. He looked extremely pitiful.

“Dad, this matter has nothing to do with them. Don’t scare them.” Yan Ruoxue rolled her eyes.

Yan Yongxiu took a deep breath and said, “No, your grandfather also knows about this matter. He is very unhappy.”

“Gee, that’s enough!” Yan Ruoxue said with some displeasure.

“I’ve already said that it has nothing to do with them! They didn’t do anything wrong. Why should you punish him?”

“Moreover, I asked them to protect Qin Yu.” Yan Ruoxue said with a frown.

Yan Yongxiu opened his mouth. After thinking for a moment, he said, “The death penalty can be avoided, but the punishment can’t be. Send them to mine in a remote country.”

“No!” Yan Ruoxue still objected.

“They didn’t do anything wrong, so they shouldn’t be punished.”

This made Yan Yongxiu somewhat surprised.

He looked at Yan Ruoxue in surprise and said, “Ruoxue, we haven’t seen each other for a few days. Why have you become so soft-hearted?”

Yan Ruoxue rolled her eyes and said, “In any case, if I say no, it means no! If you don’t listen, I’ll go to my grandfather!”

Hearing this, Yan Yongxiu couldn’t help but shake his head helplessly.

“Okay, okay, okay. I’ll listen to you, okay?” Yan Yongxiu seemed frustrated.

The secretary couldn’t help but sigh in relief. He wiped the sweat on his forehead and hurriedly looked at Yan Ruoxue as he said, “Thank you, Miss, for pleading for me...”

Yan Ruoxue glanced at the secretary and said indifferently, “Perhaps you should go and thank Qin Yu.”

The secretary couldn’t help but freeze, as if he didn’t quite understand.

But very quickly, the secretary understood.

He couldn’t help but laugh and muttered in a low voice, “Yes, perhaps I really should go and thank Qin Yu...”

Ever since Yan Ruoxue met Qin Yu, she had clearly changed a lot.

If it was the previous Yan Ruoxue, she wouldn’t have pleaded for anyone, much less be as soft-hearted as she was now.

“Start packing up for the next few days. I’ll bring you back to Jingdu,” Yan Yongxiu suddenly said.

Hearing this, Yan Ruoxue hurriedly shook her head and said, “No, I don’t want to go back to Jingdu!”

“Ruoxue! You have to go back this time!” Yan Yongxiu said with a dark expression.

“After something like this happened, the entire Yan family has been worried about you!”

“If I let you stay in Jiangcheng any longer, if something happens, your grandfather will turn Jiangcheng upside down!”

Even though that was the case, Yan Ruoxue still desperately refused.

“I don’t want to go back to Jingdu! What happened this time was just an accident!” Yan Ruoxue said stubbornly.

“If it really doesn’t work, you can just send a few more people to protect me,” Yan Ruoxue said with a snort.