Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 882: Chapter 882, I can protect you 

Qin Yu grabbed Yan Ruoxue’s wrist tightly. Yan Ruoxue, who was lying in the medicinal pool, slowly opened her beautiful eyes.

She looked around in a daze. She was clearly unfamiliar with her surroundings.

Qin Yu pulled Yan Ruoxue into his arms and said excitedly, “Ruoxue, you... you’re finally awake...”

In order to see Yan Ruoxue, Qin Yu had cultivated like a madman. Now, he could finally hold the person he loved in his arms.

“Put the clothes on the side.”The pavilion master said and waved his hand. He led the Two Medicine boys out of the secret room.

In the secret room, Qin Yu hugged Yan Ruoxue tightly. Tears could not help but flow out of his eyes.

After hugging her like this for an unknown amount of time, Qin Yu slowly released his arms.

In her arms, Yan Ruoxue’s beautiful eyes were like water. Her delicate body leaned against Qin Yu’s chest.

She raised her head. Qin Yu was immersed in her eyes and could not extricate himself.

“Long time no see.”Yan ruoxue stretched out her jade-like fingers and gently patted Qin Yu’s head.

Qin Yu wiped the tears that were about to flow out of his eyes and nodded hard. “Long time no see!”

At this moment, Qin Yu seemed to have an endless amount of words to say.

He wanted to tell Yan Ruoxue how much he had missed her these two years, but words could not express this heavy yearning.

In the end, all his words turned into a hug.

The two of them hugged gently. In this secret room, it was like a beautiful painting.

“Ruoxue, you have suffered.”After an unknown amount of time, Qin Yu helped Yan Ruoxue put on her clothes and said softly.

Yan Ruoxue smiled. “The one who suffered was you, not me. I can’t imagine how much pressure you’ve been under these two years, and what kind of suffering you’ve endured.”

“For two whole years, I’ve been blaming myself and regretting. If it weren’t for me, you wouldn’t have suffered so much.”

Qin Yu opened his mouth and shook his head. “If it weren’t for you, my life would be a pool of stagnant water. Now That I’m still alive and still alive standing in front of you, it’s enough to prove that everything you’ve done is right.”

Speaking up to this point, Qin Yu took a deep breath and said, “I will remember in my heart what the Jingdu Martial Arts Association did to you. I will make them pay a thousand times, a hundred times the price.”

“I don’t want to see you take risks anymore.”Yan Ruoxue reached out and gently stroked Qin Yu’s face.

Qin Yu shook his head and said, “This isn’t a risk, it’s a responsibility. I said before, I will definitely let you stand on the highest peak of Jingdu and see the best scenery.”

“I will not let go of anyone who has hurt you.”

Qin Yu’s eyes were filled with ruthlessness, but when he looked at Yan Ruoxue, they were filled with tenderness.

“Next, let me protect you.”Qin Yu gently wrapped his arm around Yan Ruoxue’s waist.

The next morning.

Qin Yu brought Yan Ruoxue and appeared in the Pavilion Master’s building.

“Greetings, Pavilion Master.”Yan Ruoxue bowed slightly and greeted him.

The pavilion master returned the greeting and said with a smile, “Miss Yan, we meet again.”

Qin Yu, who was at the side, said, “Pavilion Master, I plan to take Ruoxue out to relax for a few days. She has been lying down for too long.”

When he heard these words, a trace of worry flashed across the Pavilion Master’s eyes.

She pulled Qin Yu to the side and said in a deep voice, “Are you crazy? There are so many people in the world watching Yan Ruoxue. Do you know how much trouble you will cause if you bring her out openly like this?”

Qin Yu said, “According to my calculations, the martial saint will only appear in at least six days. In these six days, no one can hurt her.”

“If anyone wants to make a move, just come and try.”

The pavilion master opened her mouth. She wanted to say something, but Qin Yu had already made up his mind.

Seeing this, the pavilion master could not say anything else. He could only nod and say, “Be careful. Remember, the Jingdu Martial Arts Association will definitely send out the martial saint.”

“I will disappear before they do.”Qin Yu bowed slightly.

“Also, pavilion master, it’s best not to let Ruoxue know about these words. I don’t want her to worry.”

The pavilion master nodded and said, “Yes, I understand.”

Following that, Qin Yu walked back to Yan Ruoxue’s side.

“What are you guys talking about?”Yan ruoxue blinked her eyes and asked with a smile.

“Nothing. It’s just a simple goodbye.”Qin Yu grinned, revealing his white teeth.

Although Qin Yu tried his best to hide it, the Smart Yan Ruoxue would not be fooled so easily. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Will I bring you danger?”Yan Ruoxue stopped in her tracks.

Qin Yu hurriedly said, “No, of course not!”

“No?”Yan Ruoxue raised her eyebrows and snickered, “You are still the same as before. You Can’t even lie.”

Qin Yu opened his mouth. His face was red like a child who had made a mistake.

“I know many people are looking for me. Why don’t we... not go out? As long as we’re together, it’s enough,”Yan Ruoxue said.

The more she acted like this, the more Qin Yu’s heart ached.

“There are indeed many people who want you.”Qin Yu laid out his cards.

“But with me around, no one can take you away. Whoever dares to Covet You, I will break their legs!”

Hearing this, Yan Ruoxue immediately burst out laughing.

Qin Yu hurriedly explained, “What I said is true! I am no longer the Qin Yu from two years ago, i...”

“Alright, I believe you, but we don’t have to take the risk, do we?”Yan Ruoxue gently patted Qin Yu’s shoulder.

“No, I want to take the risk!”Qin Yu looked like he was throwing a tantrum.

“Not only do I want to take you out to play, I also want to take you to Jingdu! To the Yan family!”

“This time, listen to me!”Qin Yu was serious and unquestionable.

Yan Ruoxue’s beautiful eyes stared at Qin Yu in surprise. A moment later, she smiled and said, “Okay, I’ll listen to You!”

Although she was a little worried, how bad could the worst result be.

Moreover, the current Qin Yu might really have the ability to protect himself.

The two boarded the plane and headed straight for Jingdu.

Just this short trip was quickly spread to the martial arts forum.

“Big News! Qin Yu and Yan Ruoxue appeared at the airport!”

“The two of them were talking and laughing with sweet faces, as if they were on vacation!”

“Yan Ruoxue, who has been missing for two years, has actually appeared at the airport!”

This news quickly spread. Qin Yu and Yan Ruoxue had yet to arrive in Jingdu, but the news seemed to have grown wings and spread throughout the entire Jingdu.

The various large factions quickly received the news.

“Yan Ruoxue... has finally appeared!”

Countless organizations and factions were unable to resist this temptation and rushed towards Jingdu.