Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 904: Chapter 904, Zhai Xing and Jiang He 

Gu Xinghe quickly nodded and said, “Alright, please rest assured, I will go look for Qin Yu immediately.”

The higher-ups did not say anything more. They gradually hid in the darkness and then slowly disappeared.

Although they did not say a word, Gu Xinghe could still feel their regret.

Regret for losing Yan Ruoxue.

...

On the other side.

Qin Yu was speeding away according to the address given by the pavilion master.

Along the way, he restrained his breath and was extremely careful, afraid that his figure would be discovered.

Jiang he was living in seclusion in an uninhabited area. At this moment, he was feeling the changes in the world and trying to enter the martial saint realm again.

In a forest, there was an unremarkable civilian house.

A small courtyard was circled here. Chickens, ducks, and geese were kept in the courtyard. It looked no different from an ordinary village old man.

Jiang he tuan sat here. He closed his eyes slightly and felt this not-so-strong internal Qi.

At this moment, Jiang he suddenly opened his eyes.

He glanced to one side from the corner of his eyes and said indifferently, “Since you’re here, come out.”

Before he finished his words, he saw Zhai Xing walk out from the dark.

Seeing Zhai Xing suddenly appear, Jiang he did not look too surprised.

“So it’s master Zhai Xing.”Jiang he’s tone was calm, and his eyes opened a slit.

Zhai Xing walked straight to Jiang he’s side and sat down.

“Master Zhai Xing, why did you suddenly visit?”Jiang he asked casually.

Zhai Xing said quietly, “You should know very well why I came.”

Jiang he snorted. He slightly closed his eyes and said, “Why did you come to find me? How would I know?”

Zhai Xing was silent for a moment. Then, he slowly sighed and said, “Jiang he, I owe you a favor back then. You should remember this favor.”

“Yes, I will never forget the favor you owe me,”Jiang he said lightly.

“But you also know that there is absolutely no possibility of a detente between me and the Jingdu Martial Arts Association.”

Zhai Xing’s expression darkened, and he said coldly, “If I didn’t see your superhuman talent back then, you would have died long ago.”

“Yes.”Jiang he did not deny it.

“But it was also because of your actions that I was unable to step into the martial saint realm.”

If other people heard these words, they would definitely be shocked!

The two of them were not from the same era, but they had such a deep relationship!

“That was an order from the association. I can not disobey it,”Zhai Xing said.

“So the relationship between you and I is broken,”Jiang he said in a low voice.

Zhai xing sighed, “In my eyes, you are a genius. I Can’t bear to kill you. I...”

“Master Zhai Xing, if you have something to say, just say it,”Jiang he interrupted Zhai Xing.

Zhai Xing said in a deep voice, “I am under Gu Xinghe’s orders to invite you to join the Jingdu Martial Arts Association.”

“You also know that the Jingdu Martial Arts Association is currently recruiting talents and is interested in creating powerful people in the world.”

“If you are willing to join, with your talent, it won’t be long before you can step into the Martial Saint Realm.”

Jiang he sneered, “Master Zhai Xing, do you think I would agree?”

Zhai xing frowned and said, “Jiang he, the Jingdu martial arts association has never killed you.”

Jiang he sneered, “Yes, but it also forced me to cower here and not be born for many years.”

“If it weren’t for Qin Yu’s appearance, I might never have appeared in public.”

Zhai Xing said in a low voice, “Are you really unwilling to join the Jingdu Martial Arts Association?”

“You should have the answer in your heart. You Don’t need to ask me.”Jiang he closed his eyes.

Zhai Xing’s expression instantly turned cold.

He suddenly stood up and said coldly, “The current environment has changed. You will step into the martial saint realm sooner or later.”

“Since you are unwilling to join the Jingdu Martial Arts Association, then you are a potential enemy of the Jingdu Martial Arts Association.”

“So... You Must Die!”

Jiang he’s expression was extremely calm and indifferent. He closed his eyes slightly and said, “Then make your move. In front of you, I have no power to fight back.”

Zhai Xing’s body was full of murderous intent. This murderous intent swept through the entire mountain forest.

A gentle breeze blew through the mountain forest, and that solemn aura caused the entire ground to buzz.

Zhai Xing slowly raised his palm. Rays of faint light gathered in his palm.

Facing Zhai Xing, Jiang he did not have the ability to fight back.

“Jiang he, this is the last time I will let you off.”

A moment later, Zhai Xing lowered his hand.

“If you don’t want to die, then don’t go against the Jingdu Martial Arts Association. Otherwise, I will definitely kill you.”

Zhai Xing threw down these words and turned around to leave.

Jiang he looked at Zhai Xing’s back as he left, a trace of worry flashed across his face.

...

At this moment, Qin Yu was still speeding towards this place.

The Medicine God Pavilion was very far from here, and the current Qin Yu did not dare to take any means of transportation. He could only walk over step by step.

The journey was very long. Even with Qin Yu’s ability, it would still take him several days.

About three days later, Qin Yu arrived at the Riverside.

If he wanted to go to his destination, he had to cross this river.

Standing on the Riverside, Qin Yu couldn’t help but look a little worried.

“It seems that I have to take a boat there,”Qin Yu murmured in a low voice.

There were many boatmen here, and there were also many tourists.

Qin Yu released his divine sense and covered the entire riverbank.

“Eh?”Qin Yu frowned.

There were actually several martial marquises at the peak of the Martial Marquis Realm on the riverbank!

“Strange.”Qin Yu’s expression didn’t look too good.

Even if a martial saint had appeared, martial marquises were still rare existences.

But how could there be so many martial marquises on such a small river?

“Could it be that I have been discovered?”Qin Yu’s expression did not look too good.

He tried his best to restrain his internal Qi and found a relatively safe place to sit down.

Fortunately, Qin Yu had prepared a hat long ago. He put the hat on his head and lowered the brim of the hat.

“Oh no!”

At this moment, Qin Yu felt an extremely powerful internal Qi!

This internal Qi was at the Martial Saint Stage!

Qin Yu’s expression became even more unsightly. He hurriedly lowered the brim of his hat and carefully surveyed his surroundings. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Soon, Zhai Xing’s figure appeared on the shore.

“It’s him.”Qin Yu’s heart started to beat violently!

With Zhai Xing’s ability, it was not difficult for him to discover Qin Yu, even if Qin Yu had restrained his internal Qi!

At this moment, Zhai Xing walked to the shore, and several martial marquises from the surrounding arrived in succession.

“Lord Zhai Xing.”Several martial marquises bowed one after another.

Zhai Xing said coldly, “Jiang he has the nine secrets, and we let him escape.”

The many martial marquises looked at each other and could not help but frown. “Even you can’t catch him?”

Zhai Xing said in a deep voice, “The nine secrets are the secret arts of Taoism. In the current era, only Jiang he has learned it. The profoundness of it is far beyond imagination.”

Then, Zhai Xing waved his hand and said, “Let’s go.”

The martial marquises did not say anything. They followed behind Zhai Xing and planned to leave.

Qin Yu, who was hiding in the dark, could not help but sigh in relief.

“Wait.”

At this moment, Zhai Xing, who had taken a few steps, suddenly stopped.

Everyone stopped and looked at Zhai Xing in puzzlement.

Zhai Xing, on the other hand, was looking in a certain direction.

That direction was the direction of Qin Yu.