Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 906: Chapter 906, the power of the nine secrets!

With that, he teng stood up and walked out of the meeting room.

Zhai Xing looked at He Teng’s back as he left. He didn’t say a word.

...

On the other side, Qin Yu was still receiving Jiang he’s teachings.

The nine secrets was an extremely mysterious technique. Any one of them could be considered a top-notch secret technique, and it would greatly increase one’s battle prowess. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Jiang he used Qin Yu’s spiritual sense to impart almost everything he had learned in his life to Qin Yu.

The longer it took, the more shocked Jiang he became!

This was because Qin Yu’s speed of receiving the inheritance was simply too fast!

Even the nine secrets did not seem as difficult as the legends said!

“This kid is really a talent,”Jiang he could not help but think to himself.

In fact, the process of Qin Yu accepting the inheritance was also extremely painful.

It was as if he had to eat ten steamed buns in one go, making Qin Yu feel a strong sense of fullness.

His forehead was constantly sweating, and his head felt extremely swollen.

But even so, Qin Yu didn’t show any signs of stopping.

“If it really doesn’t work, then let’s Rest for a while.”Jiang he could see Qin Yu’s pain.

However, Qin Yu hurriedly shook his head and said, “There’s no need. Senior Jiang he, the faster you learn it, the safer you’ll be.”

Seeing this, Jiang he didn’t say anything more.

In the blink of an eye, a week had passed.

And Qin Yu had already learned the eight secrets of the nine secrets!

Those who were about to fight all had multiple rows!

And what Qin Yu lacked was the last secret, the line formula!

Buzz

Just as Qin Yu was comprehending the ninth secret, his head suddenly buzzed, and half of his head seemed to explode!

Under this impact, Jiang he’s spiritual sense also fell out.

Qin Yu only felt that the world before his eyes was dark, and he felt nauseous.

He fell to the ground, waved his hand, and said, “No, I’m afraid I can’t comprehend the ninth secret in one go.”

Jiang he stood up, stroked his beard, and said, “Comprehending the eighth secret in one week, this speed is already a bit too much.”

Qin Yu smiled bitterly. Even if he wanted to persist, his body could not hold on any longer.

“You can try to use the nine secrets that you have already comprehended,”Jiang he said faintly.

Qin Yu hurriedly nodded.

He slowly stood up and then tried to fight the fighting word formula of the nine secrets!

Fighting word formula was said to have a great increase in strength!

When using fighting word formula, one’s strength could increase by more than ten times!

The ‘fighting’formula was also divided into stages, ranging from grade one to grade nine.

When one comprehended the ‘fighting’formula to grade nine, one’s strength would increase by several times or even a hundred times!

Although that was the case, the growth rate of any one of the nine secrets was extremely slow. Almost no one could comprehend it to a hundred times!

Even Jiang he, who had possessed the nine secrets for many years, was only a grade one ‘fighting’Formula Now!

“If I can cultivate the battle character to the peak, even if I can’t become a martial saint, I can still fight against a martial saint.”Qin Yu looked at Jiang He.

Jiang he nodded slightly and said, “That’s the reason. You Don’t need to comprehend to grade nine, you can just comprehend to grade three.”

“Of course, the difficulty of comprehending to grade three is no less than becoming a martial saint.”

Qin Yu nodded slightly and said with a smile, “No matter what, with the battle character, you also have more ways to earn a living.”

After saying that, Qin Yu did not say anything more. He immediately tried to activate the internal Qi!

Qin Yu’s hands slowly slid in the air. Then, in his palms, a large word condensed: battle!

The moment the internal Qi was activated, Qin Yu felt his aura rapidly increase!

Under this aura, Qin Yu’s strength increased by more than ten times!

“Such powerful strength!”Qin Yu lowered his head and looked at the internal Qi that erupted from his body. He couldn’t help but widen his eyes!

Under the enhancement of the fighting word formula, who knew what kind of power would burst out when he used one punch to break ten thousand arts!

Qin Yu slightly adjusted the internal Qi in his body. The golden light on his body also burst out.

“Ha!”

As Qin Yu lightly shouted, his strength gathered on his fist and he suddenly punched forward!

“Boom!”

More than half of the mountain forest was destroyed in an instant!

The entire mountain collapsed in an instant!

This made Qin Yu’s eyes widen!

He lowered his head to look at his fist and said in a low voice, “Is this really my power?”

Jiang he smiled bitterly and said, “That’s enough. If you throw another punch, I’m afraid I Won’t be able to hold anyone here.”

Qin Yu scratched his head in embarrassment. He felt the surging power in his body and was instantly filled with confidence.

“Senior Jiang he, with the augmentation of the battle word formula, do you think I can try to fight the Martial Saint?”Qin Yu asked.

Jiang he shook his head and said, “Theoretically speaking, this is impossible because the martial saint has given birth to the nascent soul, but the nascent soul stage is completely different from the aurous core stage.”

Qin Yu nodded slightly and muttered, “That being said, but under the blessing of this power, I really want to have a fight with the martial saint.”

“Try to avoid it as much as possible.”Jiang he waved his hand and said.

As he was speaking, Qin Yu suddenly felt that the power of the battle word formula was rapidly disappearing.

Qin Yu’s expression changed and he frowned and said, “Senior Jiang he, what... What is going on? My Power...”

Jiang he smiled and said, “It’s enough for you to last five minutes for such a heaven-defying spell.”

“That’s true...”Qin Yu muttered in a low voice.

Any increase in strength brought by a spell did not belong to him in the end. There would always be a moment when it disappeared.

“But this is enough,”Qin Yu said with a smile.

“If I have time, I have to try to improve the battle character technique more.”

As they spoke, the expressions of Qin Yu and Jiang he changed slightly.

Both of them felt a strange and powerful internal Qi at the same time!

“Someone is coming!”Qin Yu and Jiang he said almost at the same time!

Jiang he said in a deep voice, “Hide.”

Qin Yu grunted. Just as he was about to find a place to hide, he Teng’s voice came from all directions.

“Keke... So Qin Yu is here...”He Teng’s sinister voice entered the duo’s ears.

“It seems like Star Harvester’s sin is even greater than we imagined...”

“Not only did he let Jiang he off, he also protected Qin Yu...”

As he spoke, he Teng’s figure appeared in front of the duo.

Qin Yu narrowed his eyes and said with a cold expression, “He teng, it’s actually you!”

He Teng licked his lips and said, “TSK tsk, you two geniuses... I think you will improve me beyond my imagination...”