Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 926: Chapter 926, the start of the conference 

Replace the Jingdu Martial Arts Association?

To Yan Jinyao, this was indeed quite tempting.

If he could become the leader of the martial arts world today, coupled with the background and resources of the Yan family in Jingdu, who would be able to go against him then?

“Young master, think carefully. This is definitely a rare opportunity for us,”the Butler next to him continued.

But at this time, Yan Jinyao shook his head.

He sneered, “Now is not the time. Even if I step out, it won’t cause much of a stir.”

Hearing this, everyone immediately looked at each other.

Yan Jinyao continued, “Wait until they are desperate enough before I step out. The effect will be even better!”

“Moreover... I don’t want to become enemies with the Jingdu martial arts association right now.”

Yan Sihai said in a deep voice, “Then... What if Qin Yu is one step ahead of you?”

Yan jinyao sneered, “Before he becomes a martial saint, he can’t do anything.”

Seeing this, Yan Sihai did not say anything more. He only nodded slightly.

...

Time flew by quickly. In the blink of an eye, it was the day of the conference.

The conference was set at a mountain peak.

The top of the mountain had been artificially flattened and turned into a huge square.

On this square, the Jingdu Martial Arts Association had already finished setting up.

In addition to setting up a banquet, they had also set up military forces in the surroundings, waiting for the arrival of the crowd.

In the early morning, many warriors had already arrived here.

They came from two different camps, which also led to endless arguments as soon as they met.

Fortunately, under Zhai Xing’s deterrence, the crowd slightly restrained themselves.

Gu Xinghe sat on the stage, his fingers lightly tapping on the chair, looking like he was in a strategic position.

However, Zhai Xing was a bit worried.

No one knew how to distribute the large spiritual stone mine.

“Young master Gu, how exactly do you plan to resolve the conflict between the two sides?”Finally, Zhai Xing could not hold it in anymore.

“If you distribute it fairly, the disciples of the secret realm will definitely not be willing. If it’s not fair, the others will also not be willing.”

Gu Xinghe glanced at Zhai Xing and said indifferently, “Who do you think is more important to me?”

Zhai Xing thought for a moment and finally shook his head.

Gu Xinghe snorted coldly and said, “As far as I know, the official attitude towards the Jingdu martial arts association has become more and more dissatisfied. There are more martial artists in the secret realm, and their strength is also stronger. Of course, I’m willing to lean towards the secret realm.”

Zhai Xing said in a deep voice, “Then today will definitely stir up a conflict.”

Gu Xinghe lay down on his chair and sneered, “I’ll do what I have to do. The rest has nothing to do with me.”

Zhai Xing did not say anything, but there was some worry in his heart.

Time passed quickly. Soon, nearly a hundred people came to the venue.

Zhuang Teng and the others also arrived at the venue early. They gathered together and discussed countermeasures.

“If Gu Xinghe favors the arcane realm today, what should we do?”Zhuang Teng asked.

Kong yun snorted coldly, “Anyway, I’m already prepared to die. Living in humiliation is not the life I want.”

The others saw this and remained silent. They did not seem to have made up their minds in a short period of time.

...

On the other side.

Qin Yu was rushing towards the square with his handlebar mustache.

“Qin Yu, think carefully. Once those two corpses are resurrected, we won’t be able to control them,”the handlebar mustache muttered.

Qin Yu took a deep breath and said in a low voice, “I hope we won’t need them.”

They arrived near the scene.

The handlebar mustache pushed Qin Yu and said, “Go in first. We’ll split up to avoid arousing suspicion.”

Qin Yu grunted and said, “Be careful.”

After saying that, Qin Yu pressed down his hat and strode in.

In the square.

Everyone gathered together and waited for the beginning of the conference.

There was a dazzling array of delicacies on the table, including fruits and fine wine brought out from the second secret realm. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The food brought out from the secret realm carried a faint qi/spiritual energy, and the taste was better.

Qin Yu casually found an inconspicuous seat and sat down. His purpose was to not be discovered.

His pair of eyes scanned the surroundings and quietly observed the scene.

At this moment, waves of movements came from outside.

Then, he saw several Martial Saints striding over.

Their clothes were luxurious, their bodies were covered in jewelry, and the indistinct internal Qi on their bodies made people feel a strong sense of oppression.

Almost everyone’s gaze fell on them.

The expressions of the current generation’s disciples were even more unsightly.

These martial saints were like an invisible mountain that pressed down on people until they could not breathe.

“With them here, what right do we have to talk?”

“How can senior Xu alone stop them?”

“Sigh... I really hope that a few martial saints can emerge from this world as soon as possible.”

Those martial saints ignored everyone’s gazes and walked straight to the side of the secret realm and sat down.

They toasted each other and were very happy.

On the other hand, the martial saints of this world all had worried expressions on their faces.

Qin Yu looked at them coldly. Although he was angry in his heart, he could only forcefully endure it.

At this moment, Xu Huaigu also walked in from outside.

The moment they saw Xu Huaigu, the faces of the many martial saints of the secret realm instantly turned cold.

Pairs of cold eyes stared straight at Xu Huaigu.

The killing intent emitted from their bodies made people shudder.

Those eyes were like sharp blades that were about to kill people, aiming straight at Xu Huaigu.

Some of them even stood up on the spot!

Xu Huaigu’s face was still calm. He ignored everyone’s gazes and walked straight into the square.

“Xu Huaigu is here,”uncle Zhen said coldly.

“Today is the day he will die,”uncle Otter said with narrowed eyes.

“We have already communicated with Gu Xinghe. Zhai Xing will not make a move today.”

“When that time comes, we will join forces and take his life quickly!”

Qin Yu remained silent. Naturally, he could feel the hostility and killing intent of those martial saints.

“It seems... it is impossible to negotiate peacefully today.”Qin Yu sighed slightly in his heart.

He clenched his fists, ready to resurrect the two corpses at any time.

“TSK TSK, isn’t this the kid who attacked that day? You still dare to come?”

At this moment, a voice entered Qin Yu’s ears.

He looked up and saw Qiao Zun looking at Qin Yu with a faint smile.