Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

When Chen Xiang arrived at Heaven Thunder City, he quickly found Yun Xiaodao and the others. They had secretly left some signals in the city, which Chen Xiang followed to find them.

At this time, the Heaven Thunder City was talking about Chen Xiang defeating the Heaven Thunder Devil Lord, and laughing at all the ancient powers. Back then, those ancient powers said that Chen Xiang was dead for sure, and there were even some old fellows who swore that if Chen Xiang could return, he would do whatever he wanted, but now, they were all silent and did not talk about those things.

Most of the rogue cultivators in the city hated those ancient powers, many of them were initially tricked into it, and were enslaved, robbed, and oppressed. Therefore, those ancient powers were now very unpopular, and a few powerful and prestigious rogue cultivators had already started their secret operations, planning to form a large number of alliances.

Chen Xiang and the others were in a luxurious room in a hotel, a few of them surrounding a table full of sumptuous dishes, but they had no appetite, because Duan Chong had not come back.

"Old Man Duan is very powerful. You all don’t have to worry. Sooner or later, he will escape danger!" Chen Xiang said: "With our current strength, compared to the New Imperial Heaven World, we are nothing! Although I can defeat the Heaven Thunder Devil Lord, but that is only through luck. If it was a human old fellow, I might have died a long time ago! "

Chen Xiang possessed the power and treasures to restrain Demons. When dealing with Demons, he could cause heavy injuries to Demons, but if it was a human, they would be very difficult to deal with.

"We’ll leave after we finish eating. Our Dragon Subduing City might already be built, let’s go back and take a look! When the time comes, I will let you all receive my training in the Dragon Subduing School! " Chen Xiang had already arranged some cultivation plans for Yun Xiaodao and the others, so that they could follow the Earth’s Core Race to cultivate.

Chen Xiang, Yun Xiaodao and the rest of the six stepped onto the Transmission array, left the Heaven Thunder City, and arrived at the Pill City. Then, they walked from the Pill City to the vicinity of the Evil Dragon Graveyard!

"Our Dragon Subduing School is inside there. The place that suddenly appeared is the Dragon Subduing City!" Chen Xiang pointed to the large black miasma that was seeping out of the Evil Dragon Graveyard, it was released to allow the Earth’s Core Race to safely establish a city. Under the cover of the black miasma, no one dared to step in.

Yun Xiaodao said excitedly: "Haha, in the future, I am going to be Elder Yun!"

Zhu Rong looked at him in disdain, "Don’t even think about it, with your little strength, you want to be a Mountain Opening Elder? It’s fine if I do it, but just call me Elder Zhu from now on! "

Xiao Chou clenched his fist and laughed: "I am not the Clan Elder, I am the one meddling in this mess. I prefer fighting, or being in charge of going out to beat people up, Clan Elder does not care!"

"I think so too!" Teng Ying nodded, although he did not say much, but his entire body was filled with the blood of battle.

"This is good, the position is not important to me, I can contribute to the Dragon Subduing School, or if there is something I can do, then it will be fine." Xv Weilong slanted his eyes as he looked at Yun Xiaodao and Zhu Rong.

"I think I can manage the accounts!" Lian Mingdong laughed, "Old Zhu and I will settle the score, why don’t you four fight together! They will form four great King Kong! "

Xiao Chou said with a serious face, "I think we should all have the same hairstyle, for example, all of our heads should be shaved!"

Yun Xiaodao, Xiao Chou and Teng Ying immediately objected.

"All three of us have hair, why do you want us to shave our heads just like you?" Yun Xiaodao patted Xiao Chou’s head, "You should have some hair on your head, your head will affect the image of our Four Great King Kong!"

Xiao Chou’s face was filled with displeasure: Why don’t you go and tell Elder Wu that his baldy affected the entire Super Martial School’s image?

"Alright, alright, let’s talk about this later!" Chen Xiang smiled and stopped them from arguing.

The black Qi immediately opened up a path for them. After walking a distance, they saw a city that was tightly surrounded by a huge black iron wall, the city gate was also made of black iron, there were two huge dragon heads on the door rings, and on top of the gate there were also two black dragon heads with big mouths, as though they could shoot out an extremely terrifying power at any time to destroy everything!

Although it was a bit dark, they could still feel the shock brought about by the city!

"I suddenly want to become a City Lord!" Long Xueyi muttered.

"Alright, you can stay here as City Lord!" Chen Xiang laughed.

"No, there’s nothing to eat." Long Xueyi said: "I was just speaking casually."

Yun Xiaodao and the others looked at the city walls and gates, stunned for a long time.

"Although it is not as big as Pill City, it will definitely be more lively than Pill City in the future!" Zhu Rong said, "Pill City is being scolded badly right now, and many people have joined hands to stop buying those expensive pills. If Dragon Subduing City can rise in power and provide enough pills, it will definitely attract a lot of people.

Zhu Rong was already a businessman in the first place, and the first time Chen Xiang had met him, he had already been tricked by Zhu Rong.

"That’s right, and I’m adding fuel to the fire. I did some small things in the Pill City and made the great pill shops’ reputation worse. Now, we only need to open the city!" Li Baojun suddenly appeared. He had heard the news about Chen Xiang previously, and seeing that Chen Xiang was able to return, he felt a lot more at ease.

Chen Xiang and the others had long known that Li Baojun was a very powerful Dan King. They had a clear understanding of the matters of the Alchemy City Dragon Subduing Dan Hall, and they immediately bowed respectfully towards Li Baojun. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"What about Elder Iron and the others?" Chen Xiang did not see Earth’s Core Race.

"He went back a long time ago!" Li Baojun walked to the door and the door slowly opened. The interior’s layout was the same as that of the Dragon Subduing School, but many buildings had been converted into shops, and there was even a tall and majestic City Lord’s Mansion. Some of the areas were even flat, and after someone rented out the land, they could build their own way.

"Elder Li, how are you preparing on the pills?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It’s about time, the Alchemist s we invited are all very outstanding, and they have given us a lot of help. If we open the city, we can attract many small and medium-sized alchemist powers that have been oppressed by the Dan Alliance, and there are even large alchemy shops. I have investigated all of these!" Li Baojun said.

Chen Xiang nodded: "It’s been hard on you!"

Yan Yanran and Lan Lan were no longer there. These things could only be done by Li Baojun alone.

"The great formation of this city has already been set up, and it is all made by the Earth’s Core Race, and they even used the power of the dragon fountain, which is why they are so strong!" Li Baojun was also very excited: "Now, you only need to control the dragon vein to transfer the energy. At that time, the whole city’s spirit energy will be extremely dense!"