Only Chen Xiang was able to control the dragon’s vein. Now, Chen Xiang brought Yun Xiaodao and the others and entered the depths of the Evil Dragon Graveyard.

Coming to the center of the city, they saw a city even grander than the Dragon Subduing City. Yun Xiaodao and the others were deeply shocked. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

walked towards the palace that led to the center of the earth. Inside, there was a place where Transmission array could enter into the depths of the earth, a place where the dragon veins were buried.

Chen Xiang came to the center of the earth, and greeted Tie Li and the others. Then, he entered the mouth of the dragon vein and summoned the dragon pearl, controlling the dragon vein to channel its power into the Dragon Subduing City.

The formation inside the Dragon Subduing City had long established a connection with the dragon vein. As the dragon vein provided a vast amount of energy, the spirit energy inside the Dragon Subduing City became denser, and all the formations inside were activated. The entire city was filled with a frightening aura.

At this time, Chen Xiang brought Li Baojun and the others deeper in. Tie Li had already agreed to it earlier, and there were still places below that were beneficial to people’s cultivation.

The Earth’s Core Race was very strong in itself, and only by eating Spar would they grow, and they would do some things here everyday to increase their own strength. Otherwise, they wouldn’t be able to establish so many grand cities so easily.

"This is a dragon’s vein, no wonder that group of fellows were so flustered and exasperated. They know that this kind of good stuff is here, but it’s not theirs," Zhu Rong said with a smile as he looked at the gigantic dragon head that the Spar had turned into.

"You guys should learn some skills from Elder Iron. Back then, their ancestors were known as the Steel Lion Army by the side of the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord," Chen Xiang said to Yun Xiaodao and the others. Although the Earth’s Core Race was cursed and couldn’t see the sun, they didn’t throw away their inheritance.

Chen Xiang guessed that the Earth’s Core Race was the same as the Duan Clan, they were proficient in multiple skills. Otherwise, they wouldn’t be called the Army of God.

The people of the Earth’s Core Race were all very gentle and easy to get along with, and was quickly accepted by the young men of the Earth’s Core Race. Furthermore, they were very surprised that Teng Ying’s identity was actually a Kylin thunder eagle, which greatly expanded their horizons. They had stayed here for a long time, and it was only because they heard of it that they had not personally seen it.

Chen Xiang and Li Baojun came to the surface, and started to discuss about the Dragon Subduing City.

"What are your plans regarding the Three Realms Talk? There’s still more than a month’s time," Li Baojun said.

"Most of the strong and powerful people are currently in the Heaven Thunder City, but there are still many people in the Pill City who want to buy pills, I feel that this will not affect the establishment of the Dragon Subduing City. You should arrange for the Alchemist and the good people to be there first, and open our shop in the Dragon Subduing City," Chen Xiang said.

"I will invite a few people to the Pill City to open a shop, we will mainly take over the middle and high tier realm, low tier or low tier pills, so that I won’t compete with them," Li Baojun said. The high tier pill market was also very big, although there were not many people who bought them, the prices were high, and there was no need for so many of them to be refined.

"Leader, will you appear then?" Li Baojun asked.

When the time comes, Dragon Subduing City will appear again and stabilize, so it won’t be that easy for the other forces to take this opportunity to suppress me. Right now, I have provoked another Purple Moon Imperial Land, "Chen Xiang said." I’ll leave everything of Dragon Subduing City to you, at that time, I’ll just watch from the shadows.

Earlier, Li Baojun had recruited a lot of Alchemist to help him refine pills. He was a Dan King with outstanding skills in alchemy, and would occasionally guide a few Alchemist s, thus many Alchemist s respected him greatly. This also allowed Li Baojun to contact some of the smaller forces in the pill business, and the majority of them were currently in Dan City while the majority of them were still alive, because the entire Dan Alliance was suppressing them.

Chen Xiang headed for the Devil-subduing College. As the Principal, Zuo Zhenxuan could frequently contact the experts in the Heaven Realm. His own strength was not weak, and he had some prestige in the Human Realm.

"I thought you went to the Heaven Thunder City," Chen Xiang said as he snuck into Zuo Zhenxuan’s house.

Zuo Zhenxuan was practicing his martial arts in the courtyard, when he saw that Chen Xiang had arrived, he was no longer surprised.

"You have done a lot of things in the Heaven Thunder City, but you will have a lot of trouble in the future. Some people saw that you were fighting with those Heaven Devil King s using Holy Devil-suppressing seal," Zuo Zhenxuan looked at the frowning Chen Xiang and continued: "The Devil-suppressing Divine Palace above have always been looking for Holy Devil-suppressing seal, and now that it is in your hands, I’m afraid that they will probably send people down here to ask for it soon."

"In that case, I want to become your enemy," Chen Xiang laughed.

Furthermore, I am only managing the entire Devil-subduing College, so there is no need for me to offend you for them to fight over the Holy Devil-suppressing seal, "Zuo Zhenxuan laughed," Only by obtaining the Holy Devil-suppressing seal can you become the hall master of the true Devil-suppressing Divine Palace, so you should be the hall master of the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace now. I also have to listen to your orders, but those guys up there will not recognize you.

"Old Zuo, I told you before that I want to join the Three Realms Talk. Do you still remember?" Chen Xiang came here to let Zuo Zhenxuan recommend me to join their Three Realms Talk.

"Remember," Zuo Zhenxuan nodded his head: "The sect you belong to has fulfilled the requirements."

Chen Xiang laughed: "Old Zuo, this sect is not very popular."

"Don’t worry about that, I can still speak up for myself in Human Realm. Although Devil-subduing College doesn’t have the history of those ancient powers, if we fight, we might not necessarily be weak," Zuo Zhenxuan asked: "Which sect?"

"Dragon Subduing School."

Zuo Zhenxuan was stunned for a moment, then sucked in a breath of air, "It is indeed very unpopular, and many ancient powers are planning to join forces to attack the Evil Dragon Graveyard, and then divide the dragon veins within."

Zuo Zhenxuan was not surprised at all that he had joined the Dragon Subduing School. Chen Xiang had always been fighting against the ancient powers, and the Dragon Subduing School was also the same. Back then, the Dragon Subduing Dan Hall had stirred up a huge commotion and offended a lot of powerful forces.

"Old Zuo, can you recommend the Dragon Subduing School to participate? Is the Dragon Subduing School qualified?"

I can give you a jade plate, but this jade plate can only allow three people to enter the competition, "Zuo Zhenxuan suddenly asked in a low voice," What kind of person is Dragon Subduing School’s Leader, it is because I trust you that I trust your Leader, and at that time, if we fight, we can’t kill any innocent people, no?