Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang did not dare to try again. Just now, his Divine Sense Sea had almost collapsed, the power that could attack the mind was too terrifying.

"I feel that there’s a very powerful soul inside the Killing-god heart!" Chen Xiang’s expression became much better, "Moreover, he’s deep in his sleep, so he’s carrying out self-protection!"

"Could it be the soul of the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord?" Su Meiyao shouted in shock.

"No, I have to think of a way to get that soul out, otherwise your soul will be devoured!" Bai Youyou’s face changed, he felt that this was not a good thing.

"It isn’t from Ten Heavens Supreme Lord. Ten Heavens Supreme Lord made a great sacrifice in order to cut off contact with the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword. Her soul should have been destroyed long ago! I have come into contact with the Heaven Earth Killing Method and the Lion Mountain’s stone tablets, I understand this very well! " Chen Xiang revealed a pondering look.

"When I see White Tiger, I must ask him clearly and get him to think of a way to get the soul of the Killing-god heart out. I always feel like it’s a disaster." Bai Youyou’s voice was ice-cold, and she had a bad premonition in her heart.

Previously, the White Tiger had said that the Killing-god heart was following the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord and should not appear inside it. However, after Chen Xiang’s Killing heart shattered, the Killing-god heart suddenly appeared, making people feel that it was not a coincidence!

"Forget it for now!" Chen Xiang was currently very tired and needed to rest. In any case, he would soon be able to meet the White Tiger.

Chen Xiang stayed inside the dragon vein for ten days, he did not dare cultivate here, and was worried that he would draw out a large amount of spirit energy, affecting the growth of the dragon vein.

"I keep having the feeling that there is something unspeakable going on in Three Realms Talk!" Bai Youyou suddenly said, "With my understanding of the Demon and Devil Realms, they shouldn’t be able to compromise so easily. I think you should ask that Demon Empress or Ji Meixian! I feel like those ancient powers are plotting something. "

"There are not only Human Realm s in the ancient powers, there are also Demon and Devil Realms s. In the three realms, the ancient powers are the strongest as well. If the ancient powers of the three realms calmly sit down and negotiate, that would mean that they are planning something and then bringing in some of the other powerful forces."

Su Meiyao said, "Didn’t they say that Di Tian was complete back then, and did not differentiate between human and demon? So they should have had contact back then, and the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord should have been considered a demon beast that could be followed by many humans. It can be seen that many races were very harmonious back then!"

Chen Xiang also felt that there were still many things hiding in this world. For example, when the Three Realms Talk was about to begin, the Heaven Thunder Purgatory appeared, and many experts from the Heaven Realm came down regardless of the consequences. It seemed like they did not plan to return, and then, there would be the most powerful peace between the three realms, which was very different from the few times in the legends!

Since the three realms had merged into one, it was reasonable to say that the battle had become even more intense. Now that they were able to sit down and negotiate calmly, everyone felt as if there was a force behind this.

When Chen Xiang came out of the dragon vein, the Dragon Subduing City had become even more lively. In order to ensure that the Dragon Subduing City would not be invaded from the inside, the Transmission array was established outside the city.

The closest to Dragon Subduing City was Pill City. The huge city had become extremely quiet, with only a dozen or so large shops inside. They never thought that there would be a power that dared to oppose the Dan Alliance on this land. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

In the past, there were many forces that wanted to build a city near Dan City, but they were all afraid that it would be destroyed by the Dan Alliance, so no one dared to, even if it was a little further away.

Now that they were near the Three Realms Talk, many different forces were busy with various matters. Chen Xiang heard that many different forces would bring a group of people over, and a great battle might even break out. There were many demon armies stationed outside the Heaven Thunder City, and now, many disciples of the different Human Realm powers were all gathered outside the Heaven Thunder City.

This information was all collected by Li Baojun, which made him a little worried, because there were only a few people in the Dragon Subduing School. Although the Earth’s Core Race was a very powerful force, it could not shine under the sun.

Inside the City Lord’s Mansion, Li Baojun said: "Leader, when the time comes, we can only go alone. If I stay and defend the city, would you be able to go alone?"

Chen Xiang laughed: "Didn’t I say we have a very powerful Great Clan Elder?"

Li Baojun was still a little worried: "If only there was someone who could guard the city on my behalf. I want to go with you."

At this moment, a sweet voice rang out, "Leave the defense of the city to us!"

The moment the voice appeared, two beautiful figures appeared. Lan Lan and Yan Yanran slowly appeared, scaring Chen Xiang!

Lan Lan used his Invisibility Inherent Skill and suddenly appeared with Yan Yanran, so Chen Xiang did not notice!

"Can you do it?" Li Baojun understood the strength of these two women very well. Even though they were not bad, they were still lacking to protect the entire city.

"They may not be enough!" This voice startled Chen Xiang. It was actually a White Tiger!

Furthermore, the White Tiger had brought a strong old man with it. That old man was the patriarch of the White Tiger Fighting Race, Bai Zhan!

Chen Xiang calmed down very quickly, and laughed: "Elder Li, this is our Great Clan Elder, you can just call him Clan Elder Bai!"

When Li Baojun saw the White Tiger, his heart couldn’t help but shiver. Although the middle-aged man in front of him was very ordinary and didn’t have any aura, he still felt a sense of danger! Although Bai Zhan’s aura was overbearing, he felt that the White Tiger was even more terrifying.

"Bai Zhan will stay behind to defend the city. Three Realms Talk is more complicated than I thought. As the White Tiger spoke, there was a touch of solemnity between its brows.

Chen Xiang had already guessed what was hidden in the Three Realms Talk, but seeing how cautious the White Tiger was, he was even more sure.

Li Baojun immediately passed some matters on to Lan Lan and Yan Yanran, while Bai Zhan was only responsible for the fight, the patriarch of White Tiger Fighting Race was not an easy person to deal with, even Chen Xiang wanted to see his strength.

Chen Xiang and the White Tiger were in a secret room. The White Tiger spread its hands: "I know you have a lot of questions, so I’ll ask!"

"Is the Killing-god heart your former heart?" Chen Xiang pondered for a moment, and decided to ask this question. He thought that it would be strange if he had someone else’s heart inside his body.

The White Tiger also thought for a moment before saying, "That’s the heart that I’ve used before!"

"Used it before?" Chen Xiang’s face revealed a look of surprise.

"My heart was once torn to pieces by a dragon. At that time, I searched for a long time before finding a strange stone to substitute for it." The White Tiger said.