Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

After a few moves, those experts who thought themselves to be unrivalled in the world turned into a cloud of black smoke. Looking at the ruined auction house, everyone could not help but shiver, especially the floating black smoke, it was the only thing that remained behind after the death of the famous Heaven Realm warriors!

Who was that person? Everyone had this question, and only the Demon Empress, Lv Qinlian, knew that person was the person she met before in the Golden Yang Building. People with this kind of strength were rarely seen even in the Heaven Realm!

"It’s the Emperor’s Qi!" of the Feng Clan had a solemn look on his face.

"That’s right. Legend has it that only the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord who had mastered Heaven Earth Killing Method would have such a terrifying power. Who exactly is this person?"

"Could it be Chen Xiang?" An old man mumbled.

"It’s definitely not him. If it really was Chen Xiang, your Feng Clan would have been annihilated long ago!" The Gold Sun Saint realm Leader said.

When everyone left in shock and fear, Chen Xiang and Li Baojun returned to their residences. The White Tiger also returned, and he even used his power to confine the power of the three Rule spiritual bead s so that they wouldn’t leak out.

Li Baojun had long known that the White Tiger was very strong, but he never thought that it would be strong to such an extent. Now, he finally understood why Chen Xiang fearlessly came to the Three Realms Talk to participate, and why the things that the White Tiger often talked about were so long ago.

"Senior, you were so beautiful just now!" Chen Xiang laughed.

"These guys are really too excessive. Otherwise, I wouldn’t even bother to attack them and waste my strength." The White Tiger spread out its palm and said, "These three Rule spiritual bead are very valuable, and many people don’t know how to use them."

"One for each person!" Chen Xiang said.

"That’s not a problem, but we don’t know what the rules are for these Rule spiritual bead. If they’re not suitable for us, then it might be a waste, or it might affect us." The White Tiger said very seriously.

A golden light shot out from between Chen Xiang’s brows and opened his Chaos Divine Eye, wanting to pry into these Rule spiritual bead, but he suffered from a strong mental counterattack, causing his head to sink. He was in extreme pain and almost fell to the ground.

"Can you see anything?" The White Tiger supported him and asked in a hurry.

"Yes, this one is burning with a strong flame!" Chen Xiang’s face was pale white as he pointed to one of the Rule spiritual bead.

He never thought that the Chaos Divine Eye would actually be so powerful, to be able to directly see through the Rule spiritual bead and see the power of the Ancient Code inside.

"It should be the Law of Fire. Which one of you wants it?" The White Tiger looked at Chen Xiang and Li Baojun, since the two of them were refining pills. Although it was unknown what benefits the Fire Laws could bring, it could be imagined that it would be very useful.

"I already have a Five elements heavenly fire. If Leader needs it, then I will take it!" Li Baojun did not care about the Rule spiritual bead, if not for Chen Xiang, they would not even have seen its face.

"Give it to him, after your Heaven fire evolved into a Sky Fire, it can be said to be the strongest flame! "I might be able to comprehend the Fire Laws by then." Su Meiyao said that Chen Xiang had a lot of room to grow in terms of fire. Although choosing the Law of Fire now would help him improve even faster, Chen Xiang possessing the Law of Fire was a matter of time. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Chen Xiang said, "Elder Li, if you want it, take it. My flames are more than enough now.

Li Baojun nodded, he took a Rule spiritual bead from the White Tiger’s hands, and it took him a lot of effort to hold it.

"How do I use it?" Li Baojun asked.

"Blood Soul Sacrifice, use your blood and soul to refine it!" The White Tiger replied, "The process will be a bit painful."

"Then I’ll go into seclusion!" Li Baojun nodded his head and quickly entered the room.

With two Rule spiritual bead remaining, Chen Xiang said, "I’ll rest first, then we’ll see what’s inside."

"Why don’t we try our luck!" White Tiger smiled. In any case, aside from the Fire Laws, the other Laws no longer mattered to you.

If Chen Xiang could obtain the law of fire, that would be a bit of a waste, because his Heaven fire could evolve.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang didn’t dare to take the Rule spiritual bead now, because after being attacked just now, he was completely powerless.

Chen Xiang sat down to rest and asked, "How is the Law of Fire?"

The White Tiger shook its head. "I’ve never seen it with my own eyes, but I’ve heard that the Vermillion Bird comprehended the Laws of Fire, allowing her to use the power of the Fire Laws. However, I’ve never seen her use it before."

"The Vermillion Bird is so powerful, how did it die?" Chen Xiang had her bones.

The White Tiger did not reply Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang stuck out his tongue, then asked: "Senior, who have you seen unleashing the power of the Ancient Code?"

"Law of Time!" When a guy fights with me, because he used the Time Laws, he added power to my body, making my time slow down by a lot. Then, my movements would become very slow in his eyes, and I would be miserably tortured by him. When the White Tiger mentioned this, it repeatedly sighed.

"What guy?" "He actually knows the Time Laws!" Chen Xiang asked curiously.

"An old man of unknown origin. He also said that he used the Law of Time, that he passed through time and space to return back to the ancient times to look at history, but he also said that although he could use the Law of Time, he couldn’t change the Law. Otherwise, he would have been destroyed." The White Tiger said.

"That’s amazing! The Time Laws are indeed amazing! But that’s not a good thing at all! If he can’t help but want to change history, that would be a huge disaster!" Chen Xiang shook his head and laughed.

"If there are no Rule spiritual bead, comprehending the power of the law is extremely difficult." The White Tiger looked at the Rule spiritual bead in its hands: "I have always heard about this kind of thing, but I never thought that I would actually be able to see it. That profound Cold Ancient Realm is indeed a very mysterious place, the profoundbing there can actually freeze this kind of thing."

Chen Xiang had already recovered most of his strength, but he was a little worried that he would get his hands on the Rule spiritual bead s of the Time Laws.

"I want this!" Chen Xiang did not hesitate either. After casually grabbing a Rule spiritual bead and escaping from the White Tiger’s palm, the Rule spiritual bead’s power was released, almost shattering his arm. That power was simply too terrifying.

"I was worried you wouldn’t be able to catch it! Use the Blood Soul Sacrifice technique! " The White Tiger warned and said, "If I count you in, it should take around seven to eight days for you to fuse with a Rule spiritual bead. You should be able to catch up to the Three Realms Talk!"

The Rule spiritual bead was a hot potato, it was difficult to seal and it was also impossible to put it inside the Storage magic treasure. Only by quickly merging with it would it be the safest.

Chen Xiang came to his room, cut open his palm and forced out a stream of fresh blood. He then let the fresh blood wrap around the Rule spiritual bead and released the power of his soul at the same time.