Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

The four walls were all white. When he pressed his hand on one of the walls, he found that the wall actually had the ability to pierce through it, allowing his entire arm to sink into the wall. He immediately stepped into the wall. The moment he stuck his head in, he saw a white space. The other half of his body was still standing there!

"This is the Space Laws!" Chen Xiang was pleasantly surprised. The spatial laws were pretty good, they might be able to allow him to travel through dimensions easily. He had always been vexed about the Luotian Gate’s damage, he never thought that he would actually get the Profound Orb of the spatial laws.

When he opened his eyes, he saw that there were actually many black spatial cracks all around him. The tyrannical power of space crazily drilled into his body, as if it was a black evil spirit that wanted to devour him. This caused him to be terrified.

"This is the power of law!" Long Xueyi shouted, "The power of the Ancient Code is right beside us, it’s just that it’s difficult to touch it!"

Streams of black Qi surged out from the spatial cracks, and seeped into Chen Xiang’s nose, eyes, mouth, ears, and the vital parts of his body.

Chen Xiang only felt a slight pain in his body, as if many things had forcefully entered his body and were stabbing stabbing pains into it.

Those were all Spirit grain related to space. He now understood, if he wanted to control space as he wished, he would need to familiarize himself with these Spirit grain, and at this time, because of the Rule spiritual bead, he was able to extract these Law Spirit grain s from space and integrate them into his own body and soul.

"Take out the Philosophic stone and take a look!" Bai Youyou thought for a while and replied.

Chen Xiang immediately took it out and held it in his hand, and at this time, more and more Law Spirit grain flowed into his body. Although he did not know whether it was beneficial for him or not, at the moment, he could tell that the effects of this Philosophic stone was not small.

In this state, Chen Xiang unknowingly passed through the ninth day. He had already completely merged with the Rule spiritual bead, his strength did not increase by much, but he felt that his comprehension of space had deepened by a level. He felt that he should be able to travel a short distance in space.

There were countless law Spirit grain in his mind, if he wanted to use the power of the spatial laws, then he would have to activate those Spirit grain s. The more he used the power of the spatial laws, the stronger they would be, and the stronger he would be able to traverse those hard spaces.

Chen Xiang stood inside the door and with a thought, activated the Spirit grain. Taking a step forward, he entered the great hall!

Seeing that Chen Xiang had arrived in this way, they all understood that Chen Xiang’s Rule spiritual bead s were the spatial laws.

"It’s really exhausting!" Chen Xiang exclaimed: "Just that little distance has already caused me to consume so much energy!"

White Tiger smiled, "Of course, now that Di Tian’s space is gradually increasing, it’s not a joke. It’s already pretty good that you can use your own power to travel through space, but you need to know that your current strength is minuscule compared to these stable spaces!"

"Senior, what are the rules within your Rule spiritual bead?" Chen Xiang asked curiously.

"Law of Darkness! "I am quite satisfied with it. It suits me quite well. It can absorb the power of light. Hehe!" At this moment, the White Tiger was extremely happy. Long ago, it had been envious of those who could comprehend the Laws. He never thought that after his rebirth, he would be able to control a Law so quickly.

"I want to see what it is like!" Chen Xiang’s eyes lit up, the power of the Ancient Code was indeed strong.

The White Tiger shook its head and said, "If I use my power, I’m afraid it will cause quite a bit of commotion!"

Chen Xiang looked at Li Baojun and asked, "Elder Li, where are your laws of fire?"

Li Baojun laughed: "It’s also very strong, I’m worried that I won’t be able to control it and I’ll burn the entire city. The Law of Fire can make my flames even stronger, and at the same time, let me not be afraid of any powerful flames, and also let my flames not be controlled by anyone, so even water can’t do anything to me. Of course, there are still a lot of uses to it, and I can’t fully display my current strength! "

The three of them had all obtained Rule spiritual bead s that they were satisfied with, and all of them were overjoyed.

"The Rule spiritual bead were so powerful, no wonder those fellows wanted to snatch them, but they were all exterminated! I’m afraid that it will be very difficult to see another Rule spiritual bead in the future. Chen Xiang laughed.

The White Tiger nodded. "When you were fusing with the Rule spiritual bead, you should have felt that the power of the Ancient Code was right by our side. At that time, it let me comprehend a trace of the profound meaning of the Ancient Code.

Chen Xiang and the other two had isolated themselves for so many days to fuse with Rule spiritual bead, but outside, people were already panicking. This was because the matter of the White Tiger killing Ling Feng had caused fear in many people, especially those ancient powers.

Although the White Tiger was powerful, Chen Xiang could tell that the White Tiger was wary of him. It was afraid of a mysterious power, so he did not dare to reveal his true strength.

Chen Xiang and the other two were in the hall discussing about the power of the Ancient Code. Until late in the night, when they were about to rest, they suddenly heard a deafening roar, towards which Chen Xiang and the White Tiger were not unfamiliar. It was the roar of a dragon, a real dragon!

"It’s a royal dragon! From the sound of it, it should be from the Sacred Dragon Bloodline!" The White Tiger’s expression changed as it hurriedly walked out of the hall.

Chen Xiang anxiously asked Long Xueyi: "What is the background of the Sacred Dragon Bloodline?"

"The Dragon Emperor’s bloodline has always been the sacred dragon’s bloodline since ancient times, but us White Dragons are not weaker than them, and the Jade Dragons are also stronger than them. It’s just that they have the most number of Dragon Emperor, so they can lead the Imperial Dragon Race."

"Dragon Emperor? the strongest existence in the Imperial Dragon Race? " Chen Xiang had been listening to Long Xueyi talk all day about becoming a Dragon Emperor, but there really was one.

"Yes, I think it should be an existence as powerful as the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord. It’s just that the current Dragon Emperor only appeared after the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord, and Di Tian also doesn’t exist, that’s why he didn’t call himself Emperor. However, I think that he should be making his move soon."

"Hmph, sooner or later, I will trample this Dragon Emperor to death. I am the real Dragon Emperor!" Long Xueyi seemed to hate the Sacred Dragon Bloodline a lot. However, it was no wonder that if the White Dragon was not weak and fought the Holy Dragon for the throne, there would definitely be a conflict.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com