Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

He raised his palm towards Feng Quan who was flying towards the end of the street, and a burst of strong golden light suddenly gushed out of his palm. The golden light turned into a furious golden dragon, and let out a dragon’s roar that shook the skies, and like lightning, penetrated Feng Quan’s body!

With a boom, Feng Quan’s body exploded!

When the crowd saw this scene, the shock in their hearts was hard to describe. Everyone looked at the White Tiger, although he looked ordinary, he was actually so powerful. Judging from his expression, killing Feng Quan was as easy as mowing grass, he didn’t even blink.

Lv Qinlian’s forehead was covered in sweat, she suddenly felt that the White Tiger was the person that she was afraid of back then in the Golden Yang Building, the person who was also the one who had killed many experts at the auction. This person was actually together with Chen Xiang, and he was an elder of the Dragon Subduing School!

Han Kang looked at the White Tiger in fear, his body trembling. He knew that the person in front of him could kill Feng Quan easily, or even kill him easily.

The White Tiger looked at Han Kang, its two eyes suddenly turning pitch black. Han Kang screamed miserably, as he fell to the ground with his eyes wide open.

Being glanced at and dying, many of the big shots from the ancient powers looked as terrified as Han Kang, who was already dead. They all escaped towards the location of the Three Realms Talk, because they believed that the Imperial Dragon Race would definitely be able to stop the three terrifying people there.

After Han Kang fell to the ground, his body suddenly turned pitch black, as if he had been soaked in ink. Then, it turned dark again and disappeared!

Chen Xiang and Li Baojun were overwhelmed with shock. They knew that these were definitely the laws of darkness, yet these mysterious laws of darkness could even destroy corpses and erase traces!

There were many big shots sitting on their seats, their faces were gloomy and uncertain, some big shots had terrified faces, the appearance of the Dragon Subduing School was truly unexpected for them, especially the Great Clan Elder, whose strength was out of the ordinary, with just a few moves, he had killed two Heaven Realm Rankers!

His golden dragon robe had already proven his identity. He sat there, looking at a book with a gentle gaze, and although he already knew about the Dragon Subduing School’s situation, he was definitely not worried. Furthermore, the book he was reading right now had a lot of information regarding Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang, Bai Hu and Li Baojun had arrived, and there were no longer any empty seats!

Chen Xiang glanced around the conference hall, there were many tables here, the square table only had four people, and these four people were all big shots from a different force, behind the big shots were either some younger generation members or some elders.

If one looked carefully, they would realize that it wasn’t useless. There were still three seats in front of the Prince Imperial Dragon. That Prince Imperial Dragon took a table for himself, and he didn’t allow anyone else to sit!

Seeing Chen Xiang lock onto that table, everyone was shocked. Many people in the hall gasped slightly, they were now certain that Chen Xiang was the one who cast the Primal Chaos Dragon Curse, and that the Prince Imperial Dragon was here for Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang glanced at Huang Jintian and the others’ table. Huang Jintian, Liu Meng’er, Lian Mingdong, and the other leaders who represented a certain power sat at it. and Gu Dongchen, on the other hand, followed along and stood behind Huang Jintian.

Leng Youlan was incomparably cold and gorgeous, with a head of white hair that made her look even more beautiful. Xue Xianxian was like a fairy from a painting, extraordinary and refined, her face carried a tender and gentle smile, and the two junior sisters stood behind Liu Meng’er.

Chen Xiang did not expect that Wu Qianqian would also be here. Although the former number one beauty of the Super Martial School had an ordinary background, she had met with numerous fortuitous encounters, and was also the successor to the Dan Fragrance Pure Land. Unlike Leng Youlan and Xue Xianxian, she wore plain clothes, but her unique temperament made people feel that she was untainted by the mortal world.

Wu Qianqian and Dongfang Xinyue had followed Hua Xiangyue here, but they did not look at Chen Xiang. They were worried that others would discover the relationship between them and Chen Xiang. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

However, at this time, a pure and beautiful sweet lady stuck her tongue out at Chen Xiang. That girl was Dongfang Jing from the Dongfang family, and was a very foolish girl.

The many familiar faces that sat there made Chen Xiang sob. He had looked up to these experts in the past, but now, he felt that it was nothing more than that.

When Chen Xiang appeared, the atmosphere was even more oppressive, especially when Chen Xiang was getting closer and closer to the Prince Imperial Dragon!

"Which power do you belong to?" An old man stood up and asked. This old man was a Jin Yang Sheng realm powerhouse.

"I am a Leader of the Dragon Subduing School, this is my recommendation jade token!" Chen Xiang raised the jade plate in his hand, but no one cared about the jade plate. Everyone was shocked by his identity, he was really Dragon Subduing School!

"Big Bro has been making a living for a long time, but he actually didn’t take care of this little sister of mine. Even the limelight has been blown away by him!" Leng Youlan sent a sound transmission to Xue Xianxian and the others, she wished that she could join Chen Xiang’s group.

"Stupid girl, don’t tell me you didn’t do well just by following me?" Liu Meng’er scolded.

Although the atmosphere was stifling, many people were secretly whispering to each other.

"Master Ancestor, you actually always knew that my master was Leader!" Gu Dongchen muttered.

"This guy is obviously here to cause trouble. I never thought that Dragon Subduing School’s Leader would actually run into a dragon!" Huang Jintian laughed.

Lian Yingxiao could not help but laugh bitterly: "My son was dragged onto the boat by him!"

Golden Sun Saint Realm and Chen Xiang did not have any direct conflicts, at this moment, they knew that the Great Clan Elder from Dragon Subduing School was very powerful, he had exterminated both Han Kang and Feng Quan outside, so the big shot did not say anything, he just watched as Chen Xiang walked towards the seat of the Prince Imperial Dragon.

Han Kang, Feng Quan, and Ling Feng were already absent, so they only had three empty seats at Prince Imperial Dragon.

The Prince Imperial Dragon sat gracefully as he read his book, but his entire body still carried a tyrannical aura. His dazzling golden dragon robe made Long Xueyi despise him ruthlessly within the ring.

Behind Prince Imperial Dragon, there were two other people. They were two tall and sturdy men with powerful facial features, their bodies overflowing with dragon Qi. One look was all it took to tell that they were two dragons, but they were only the followers of Prince Imperial Dragon! Many of the Great Leaders could see that the two Dragons under his command were much stronger than the Prince Imperial Dragon. They were in charge of protecting the Prince Imperial Dragon.

"There are three spots!" Chen Xiang smiled slightly.

Only the big shots could sit on their seats, the three men from Dragon Subduing School actually wanted to take all three seats, how tyrannical was that.

"Who are you? Do you think you are qualified to sit together with Prince Imperial Dragon? " A big fellow said. His voice was like thunder, shaking the entire hall!

A conflict was about to break out. Everyone stood up and retreated to the side of the gate, lest a great battle be affected!