Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Prince Imperial Dragon calmly sat there and read his book. He did not even bat an eyelid, as if the things surrounding him had nothing to do with him, he looked extremely noble. Seeing him like that, Long Xueyi angrily wanted to slap him a few times.

"We are not things, we are here to participate in the Three Realms Talk, but who are you? "What does the matters of humanity have to do with you guys?" Chen Xiang replied calmly.

"You ignorant fool, our Imperial Dragon Race is the strongest of the nine heavens and ten earth. Our Dragon Emperor will soon rule the nine heavens and ten earth, becoming the new Emperor!" The big sized man looked at Chen Xiang angrily.

"Wait until he becomes the new Great Emperor, then we’ll see. Isn’t he still not here? I am a Leader of the Dragon Subduing School, I have come here to participate in the Three Realms Talk for our own matters! " Chen Xiang said.

"You dare call yourselves Dragons!" The other man laughed loudly. "Have you killed a dragon before?"

"I’ve killed quite a few. I can’t even remember how many dragons I’ve killed!" His words caused many people to deeply doubt him.

Only Long Xueyi knew clearly that the words of the White Tiger were true. The battle clan of the big white cat was the natural enemy of the Imperial Dragon Race.

"I’ve killed one too." Chen Xiang laughed, his body trembled, and released a Qi, causing Prince Imperial Dragon’s hand to tremble.

"Dragon Slaying Qi!" It is a unique aura that only exists after killing a dragon! " Huang Jintian said. Everyone was shocked, Chen Xiang had really slayed dragons before!

After a slight shock, the man said: "You only killed a few wild dragons, which is far inferior to our Emperor Dragon! "It’s nothing!"

Chen Xiang laughed out loud. "So that means, the reason you three Emperor Dragons appeared here is for me to cut them down! "Great!"

After saying that, he sat down on a chair!

"You are courting death if you dare to sit here recklessly!" The man roared and struck towards Chen Xiang with his palm. His arm turned into a red dragon claw and the flames from the Dragon Power were extremely terrifying. The entire hall was suddenly as hot as a furnace.

At the same time, the White Tiger also extended a dragon claw, but it was a black one that was filled with terrifying killing intent. The moment the White Tiger attacked, that killing intent immediately swept away the heat in the hall. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

When the white tiger’s black dragon claw reached out, it was like a terrifying black hole that swallowed everything. When the fire dragon claw came into contact with the black dragon claw, it was like an ice cube touching a flame, melting instantly!

"How reckless!" The white tiger’s dragon claw suddenly grew larger, pressing the burly man into the ground, pressing him into the center of the claw. The burly man didn’t even have time to shout before he disappeared!

The other burly man’s expression changed! The Prince Imperial Dragon stood up with an angry and shocked expression. He looked at the White Tiger and asked solemnly: "Who are you?"

"The Great Clan Elder of the Dragon Subduing School!" Then, he sat down with Li Baojun.

Now it was Chen Xiang’s turn to remain calm as he sat there. Seeing how the White Tiger suppressed the strong, he became even more desperate for power.

Out of the two dragons brought down by the Prince Imperial Dragon, one of them had actually died without even leaving a trace!

Huang Jintian took a deep breath and said: "Just now, it was a very strong Dragon Slaying Qi. This Great Clan Elder of the Dragon Subduing School has indeed killed many dragons!"

"Let the Three Realms Talk begin, I want to see what tricks you all have in mind!" Chen Xiang said, then took out his Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and placed it on the table.

The eyes of many people lit up when they saw the divine blade. They all wished that they could snatch it for themselves.

"This is my Imperial Dragon Race’s Divine Weapon, it has returned to its rightful owner!" Prince Imperial Dragon’s hand moved like lightning, grabbing towards the hilt, but it caught onto empty air because the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword had instantly disappeared.

Chen Xiang laughed: "I heard that the Three Realms Talk wanted me to hand over the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword. Let me tell you this right now, if you want my blade, you have to kill me first!"

"This blade does not belong to your Imperial Dragon Race. If you want to snatch it, then you should know the consequences." Chen Xiang looked at the book in his hands.

The Prince Imperial Dragon calmed down, then sat down and looked at Chen Xiang and the White Tiger. He now had to look at the Dragon Subduing School from a new perspective, he previously thought that this Dragon Subduing School was just a joke, he thought that he could solve it after bringing two powerful dragons down, but who would have thought that one of them died just now.

Everyone returned to their seats. The strength of the White Tiger had completely intimidated the Prince Imperial Dragon, and the conflict could not occur again. This was because the Dragon Subduing School had complete and total strength to destroy the Prince Imperial Dragon.

"What we are discussing today is the peace of the third region, but this has nothing to do with this dragon. He’s not from this world, so it seems like he’s here to cause trouble." Huang Jintian said.

"Yeah, just now, they said that they would rule over the nine heavens and the ten earth. Isn’t that destroying the peace?" The Patriarch of the Blue Blood Race, Lan Guang said: "This person only wanted to sit down but wanted to take his life.

The Golden Sun Saint Realm Leader was a yellow-haired old man wearing a golden robe. He stood up and said, "The main reason is because of the various powers seizing the territory and resources! Currently, the resources of the Demon Realm and our Human Realm are relatively small, so we need the powers of our Human Realm to give them a fair share.

The patriarch of the Devil Race said: "Although we are a large power in the Devil Realm, we can at most control our own people and not cause trouble. If the other Devil Cultivator s do not have the resources to cultivate, and attack the Human Realm, this is not our business."

"Then doesn’t the Dragon Subduing School have a dragon vein? That is a super crystal mine! " One of them sneered.

"No matter how big the dragon veins are in my Dragon Subduing School, they are still unable to compare to the mines occupied by your Sheng Domain Family. If we add them all up, the combined strength of your Sparite vein is far greater than the power of my Dragon Subduing School’s dragon veins, do you think?" Chen Xiang glanced at that person. It was a member of the Ying Family.

"The Demon Realm does not lack resources, furthermore, half of the Spirit Demons are in our Demon Realm, half of the Spirit Demons are in our Demon Realm, but we do not have any relationship with the Evil Demon, so it is easy for the powerful Evil Demon to incite them, and giving them resources is useless." Lv Qinlian said.

Spirit Demons were more tame and could completely change into a human. Evil Demon was half human half spirit demon.

"Our Chen Martial Continent does not have much resources, we only have enough for ourselves, and we do not plan on seizing other people’s land, but right now, some ancient powers are actually occupying land a thousand times larger than ours, so for resources, it’s fine if we, the small powers, are unable to protect ourselves, but those ancient powers are the ones who say that!" You guys don’t have many people either, so there must be a lot of Sparite vein here. Give some to Devil Realm and the others! " Huang Jintian sighed: "Otherwise, if we fight, Demon Realm and the others would definitely not dare to attack the big powers, the suffering is still just because of us, the small forces."