Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Moreover, they had chased him for so long. They could only occasionally catch a glimpse of Chen Xiang’s shadow, which made them extremely impatient.

had just refined so many Qi Shen Dan that he could finally use one now to recover his Innate Qi and divine power. Even if he were to eat one, he would be able to rely on the power of the spatial laws to travel through space and circle in the forest when facing powerful old fellows.

They did not use their fastest speed because Ao Hou Feishao and Zhang Yanqing could not keep up with their speed. However, if they were to lose sight of Hou Feishao and Zhang Yanqing, they would be worried that these two juniors would be set up again.

Now that they were stuck in a dilemma, they definitely couldn’t withdraw because their actions had already been discovered. If they couldn’t take down this person in front of them, who knew what kind of revenge they would take? The two old men had lived for so long that they were able to see the origins of the person they were pursuing. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have that supreme pill refining technique and Chaotic Force that even they couldn’t cultivate.

Chen Xiang, Hou Feishao and the rest of the four walked around the forest for more than an hour, causing the two old fellows to wish that they could destroy the forest, but they could not guarantee that they could kill Chen Xiang. Their original goal was to capture Chen Xiang alive and force him to reveal the secret manuals for refining pills, but they no longer had that thought, they only wanted to kill Chen Xiang quickly.

"Elder, why hasn’t he left the forest? Is there a trick here? " Hou Feishao said worriedly. He was already out of breath, and using all his strength, he and Zhang Yanqing could only barely keep up with the two elders.

"No, he didn’t know that we were following him. He only found out later that he was fighting against us in this forest because he wanted to find an opportunity to kill you two!" The elder’s words scared Hou Feishao.

"Why don’t we go!" Hou Feishao clenched his teeth, although he wanted to kill Chen Xiang very much, but he suddenly felt that his life was in danger, and could not help but feel afraid. He had lost an arm to Chen Xiang, so he was very clear that the elder did not speak ill of him.

His arm had also only recovered from the treatment of some precious medicine. Now that he saw that the person in front of him was so difficult to deal with that the two elders were unable to take him down, he felt scared.

If this person doesn’t die, then we will be in trouble in the future. He is currently fighting with us, and he did not use the fastest speed, moreover, he has an extremely strong concealment ability, if we let him go today, then once you guys leave Super Yuan Mountain, it will be very troublesome. "Su Yun said in a low voice. The elder said. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

The other elder nodded in agreement, "This person is constantly maintaining his peak state. He’s keeping an eye on the other two."

Zhang Yanqing’s face paled as he clenched his fists tightly and gritted his teeth: "Clan elder, does that mean that he’s purposefully fighting with us because he wants to kill the two of us?"

"That’s right!" However, you don’t have to worry. As long as the two of you are by our side, it will be difficult for him to have a chance.

Chen Xiang was extremely calm, and he had the same thoughts as the other two elders. He must kill the four people who were chasing him, otherwise, Fan Yakun would be in deep trouble in the future.

"We got in contact with the little white cat. She just happened to leave the Zi Lan Mountain Valley. I have already used your voice to send a message to her! " Long Xueyi said: "Wait until she gets closer to here before we can talk to her."

Chen Xiang owed a debt of kindness to Bai Xing, allowing this lonely Starry Sky White Tiger Race to know that she was not the bane of beasts. She also knew that he was a strong race and that he had given her great power.

The distance from here to Zi Lan Mountain Valley was quite far, but Bai Xing was from there, so of course she had her heaven defying abilities. She turned into a shooting star and flew towards the forest at a high altitude.

Chen Xiang dragged this group of people for another hour, and at this time, Bai Xing had already entered the forest. When Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense entered and saw Bai Xing, he immediately sent a sound transmission to her, "Sister Bai Xing, quickly hide!"

"Chen Xiang, I never thought that you would get into so much trouble the moment you arrived at the Sacred Dan Realm! Rest assured, you have done us four sisters such a great favor, I will definitely not let anything happen to you. " Bai Xing’s clear and sweet voice came out.

"Four sisters?" He only remembered the three sisters Yan Zilan, Yun Zhu and Bai Xing!

"And Yanyao, she’s already one of us!" Bai Xing replied with a chuckle, but there was a trace of a sigh in his laughter, because a major change had just occurred in Du Family and Du Yanyao had also received a huge blow.

After Bai Xing entered the forest, she immediately concealed herself. She knew that Chen Xiang’s true strength wasn’t very strong, but his potential was incomparably great. That day, when they thought that Chen Xiang had died, they couldn’t wait to kill Primordius. Now that they found out that Chen Xiang was still alive and had created a big commotion, they were extremely happy.

"Currently, the people chasing me are Zhang Yanqing, Hou Feishao and two elders from Super Yuan Mountain. I can take care of them, but those two elders are too troublesome." Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to Bai Xing, and Bai Xing slowly got closer to them.

The Starry Sky White Tiger Race was a branch of the White Tiger Fighting Race, and there must be a Celestial Slain Method in the inheritance of memories so that they could dominate the Star Domain. Back then, the White Tiger had also said that when he obtained the Heaven Earth Killing Method, he would generously give it to the other powerful people to learn, allowing everyone to choose the most suitable sect to cultivate and pass on their legacy.

Of course, at that time, the White Tiger was passed down to his friends, but later on, the descendants of his friends were all unfriendly towards the White Tiger Fighting Race, with many conflicts, and their strengths were equal.

"Is it really this little demon? This is the grandson of Primordius, and his talent is not bad. If we kill him, Primordius will definitely be very angry! " Bai Xing’s voice carried a mischievous smile.

"I’m not the one looking for trouble with him. He’s the one looking for trouble with me." Chen Xiang laughed: "Sister Bai Xing, it’s enough as long as you summon a small star down. As long as I distract the attention of the two old fellows and give me some time, I can kill off those two little fellows!"

"Little Star? Is that it? "Speaking of which, I’ve never used it before. According to my inherited memories, that move was very powerful, I was worried it would affect you!" Bai Xing was a little worried.

If it was to summon a normal giant star, it would have to be done every five hundred years. Bai Xing had already summoned it once last time, but the "little star" that Chen Xiang mentioned could be summoned frequently because that head was very small. But its power was not weak, it was a very powerful secret skill in the Starry Sky White Tiger Race.

"No, don’t worry about it!" Chen Xiang also knew the destructive power of the "Little Star". He got quite a lot of information about the Starry Sky White Tiger Race from the White Tiger.