Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

This time, Chen Xiang was going to refine thousands of Qi Shen Dan s at the same time and refine a thousand medicinal ingredients into one pellet!

He had a certain level of experience in refining this kind of pill, it was just that this Qi Shen Dan was the highest level pill that he had refined before. Luckily, he had a very thorough understanding of the ingredients used to refine the Qi Shen Dan, and was able to quickly and magically communicate with the spirit herbs. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Right now, not only was he refining a thousand sets of medicinal ingredients into a pill, he was also carving Spirit grain s on top of it, allowing the pill to have an even stronger effect. He had already tried it before, and at that time, he would crazily devour the surrounding spiritual energy at an unbelievable rate.

The space inside the Yanlong furnace was extremely large, there was not even a little pressure when stuffing a thousand sets of Qi Shen Dan’s medicinal ingredients! Chen Xiang did not use the method inside the Heavenly Alchemy that would turn the immortal energy into flames, because right now, he wanted to burn thousands of parts of the medicinal ingredients that were as one, and the flames which could borrow the energy of heaven and earth needed to be very strong, so at that time, it would be very difficult to control.

At the moment he was only using his own flame, although it was slower, he could control it smoothly, and did not have to worry about it exploding, not to mention that when he was carving into the Spirit grain, the requirements for the accuracy of his flame control was very high, at that time he would need God Power to be imprinted on the surface of the Spirit Pill along with the flame.

Fortunately, Chen Xiang had some sort of connection with the Qi Shen Dan’s medicinal ingredients and was able to easily let the flames infiltrate the profounddi fruit’s body and burn away those very strong roots. The profounddi fruit inside right now were all of high quality, they were not like the abandoned medicinal herbs he refined last time, so it was much easier for him to refine them.

"This kid is concocting pills?" What kind of pill was it? From the looks of it, it looked like a Qi Shen Dan, but if it was a Qi Shen Dan, it should have been finished long ago. These pill refiners are so bored, they should be able to cross Nirvana Doom and meet with very powerful calamities. " Mountain Spirit thought, he actually knew some knowledge about the dao of pills, it seemed like he was not as simple as the Mountain Spirit.

"Hey, are you okay? Isn’t it just the Qi Shen Dan? You have already been refining for two months, you are the weakest Alchemist I have ever seen. Give up now and honestly use the immortal energy here to raise your strength. The Mountain Spirit could no longer hold it in and said.

After Chen Xiang heard this, he was a little surprised: "Senior Mountain Spirit, you’ve been here for a long time, you must be bored. How about we make a bet?

Chen Xiang knew that this kind of old fellow liked to pretend to be deep and knew a lot of things, but he just didn’t want to tell you how powerful he was, so it was hard to make them speak without using any tricks.

"I don’t believe you. Although I am trapped here all day, I still have some understanding of the outside world. Aren’t you refining a batch of Qi Shen Dan? Isn’t it just that they use more medicinal herbs? The fact that you didn’t explode means that you are skilled, but you are still far from relying on this pill to achieve a breakthrough! " The Mountain Spirit said disdainfully.

"Old senior, I’m asking you, do you dare to gamble or not? If you don’t dare, then forget it!" Chen Xiang laughed, his laughter carried a trace of contempt.

"Bullsh * t, do you think I wouldn’t dare to bet? However, if you lose, you can stay here with me for a hundred years and just talk to me. " Mountain Spirit was not afraid at all.

Chen Xiang only wanted to satisfy his curiosity, he wanted to dig something out from Mountain Spirit’s mouth. Moreover, he was very confident in himself, he was very confident in this super Qi Shen Dan.

Right now, the Qi Shen Dan was already at the final stage of refinement. A thousand sets of medicinal ingredients were melted and compressed into a small cyclone, although it was only the size of a fist, the quality was frightening. If it exploded right now, it could destroy an entire city.

If he did not imprint the Spirit grain, Chen Xiang could already begin to condense the pellet!

And right now, they needed to enter the state of a half condensed pill. This was so that when this cyclone neared Pill City, in that short period of time, the Spirit grain would be carved into this pill.

The Spirit grain Chen Xiang had chosen was a type of Spirit grain that specialized in converting immortal energy into spirit energy. This was originally a formation array, and was usually used for people who could not directly absorb immortal energy.

But right now, Chen Xiang needed him to complete it, and even arrange it inside a small pill.

He had an extremely powerful divine force, so it wasn’t too difficult for him!

At this moment, the super Qi Shen Dan was like a ball of paste as it revolved inside the pill furnace.

Chen Xiang permeated his divine power into the pellet, and viewed the inside and outside of the pellet as a very large space. This way, because the pellet was too small, it would not be unable to be carved into the Spirit grain. This was because when he was refining some very small things, such as storage rings, he would need to engrave a large number of profound and complex Spirit grain and use this method to solve them.

Chen Xiang condensed the God Power into visible golden threads, inside the God Power, there was a dense Dragon Power as the base of the Spirit grain, carefully plotting the inside of the pellet.

As the flames continued to burn, the Spirit grain and the pellet became one. Using the energy of the pellet as the base of the formation, the Spirit grain’s power was activated.

It took him more than a month to engrave the Spirit grain, so if it wasn’t such a supreme dan, he would rarely engrave the Spirit grain, which would waste a lot of time.

Right now, the Qi Shen Dan was like a green paste, slowly revolving inside the furnace. Chen Xiang’s mind moved, releasing God Power to compress it, at the same time, he slowly withdrew the flame, letting the pellet solidify, at the same time he did not affect the Spirit grain inside, in the last step, he did it very carefully.

It wasn’t easy to condense a pill either. He used two days to slowly condense the mass of energy into a finger-sized pill!

"I’m finally done!" Chen Xiang took a deep breath, his head drenched with sweat and he was extremely tired.

"It’s not like there are none that can refine a lot of medicinal ingredients together, but it’s not as bad as you, right?" You’ve been refining for so long, boy, you should just admit defeat! " Mountain Spirit chuckled.

Chen Xiang opened the lid of the pill furnace and a burst of cyan light flashed out. This kind of covering the gigantic stone room caused the silver light in the stone room to become extremely dim!

The Qi Shen Dan slowly floated up, and on the surface of this pellet, many exquisite golden Spirit grain could clearly be seen flashing.