Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Pride of the world, prideful of the world, proud of the earth, proud of the earth, proud of the earth, proud of the earth, proud of the earth, proud of the earth, proud of the earth, proud of the earth, proud of the earth, proud of the earth, proud of the earth, proud of the earth, proud of the earth, proud of all.

Prince Imperial Dragon was dressed in a golden dragon robe, sitting on a golden stone bed. He closed his eyes, absorbing the immortal energy, as if he knew that he would meet Chen Xiang.

"I didn’t expect it to be you!" Prince Imperial Dragon stood up, put away the golden stone bed, and slowly walked towards Chen Xiang.

"Are you disappointed?" Chen Xiang circulated the energy in his body and entered a state of combat.

"I am indeed a little disappointed. I originally thought that taking back the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword would be a little difficult. I like challenges, but now ..."

"Do you find me too weak?" Chen Xiang was not angry, and smiled faintly.

Moreover, what you have in hand can make many strong people work for you. Before, I was afraid of him because of the two people beside you, but now, there’s only you, and there’s no way those two people can come to save you.

Don’t forget, I have killed Leader before, and I have also killed dragons. I am also Leader’s Leader, so you should have investigated all the experts that died at my hands, right? Chen Xiang only reminded this Prince Imperial Dragon not to underestimate him.

"That’s right, in the eyes of many people, although you are young, your strength is superior to many experts of the Heaven Realm. However, I do know that you used the Chaos Fire Token’s protective divine light. I am very clear on the protective divine light that the Chaos Fire Token emitted when she accepted you as master. "

When Prince Imperial Dragon talked about this matter, his eyes were filled with jealousy and hatred, because he knew that after the Chaos Fire Token recognizes a master, he cannot snatch it away. That is to say, as long as Chen Xiang dies, this treasure will also go with him.

"Do you know much about Chaos Fire Token s? But I remember that you pretended not to know in front of that Super Yuan Sect Leader, hehe. " Chen Xiang laughed: "Can’t you see that I am very calm now?"

Prince Imperial Dragon nodded his head: "You are currently very calm, but I believe that you are just forcing yourself to be calm or putting on an act. In my eyes, today is the day you die."

Chen Xiang sighed lightly: "No matter what, I have cultivated the Heaven Earth Killing Method, shouldn’t you be worried?"

The Prince Imperial Dragon slowly said: "What you have is only the Ground killing, that tablet doesn’t have all of the Heaven Earth Killing Method, I know about that, so I don’t have to be afraid of anything! You also cultivate the Nine-turn dragon god mantra, the Seventy-two changes Arts, the Heavenly dragon seal ... Some of my Imperial Dragon Race’s sacred arts, you must have already embarked on the path of cultivation, I am clear of that! But you are a human after all, and are unable to unleash the power of these sacred arts, so I have nothing to worry about. "

"I know you very well, but you know nothing about me. I admire you for being so calm!"

Chen Xiang smiled, this Prince Imperial Dragon actually said that she understood him a lot? He did not know much about the Prince Imperial Dragon, but this Prince Imperial Dragon only knew about him on the surface. If he truly understood him, the Prince Imperial Dragon would not waste his breath on him, and would use the strongest method to kill him.

"To be honest, if I had given you another hundred years, I wouldn’t have dared to stand in front of you so casually!" The Prince Imperial Dragon did not want to underestimate Chen Xiang, because the fact that Chen Xiang could create such a big matter was already enough, but he felt that no matter what he thought, Chen Xiang would definitely die in his hands today. This was because he was extremely confident in his own strength!

"I want to ask you something. Please tell me the truth." Chen Xiang was silent for a moment before he asked. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"I will try my best to satisfy a person who is on the verge of death. Even though I hate you very much right now, you are a dying person after all. I have always been very respectful towards those who are about to die." Prince Imperial Dragon said very generously.

"I want to know what your father, Dragon Emperor, will do after I kill you? Will it destroy space and directly head towards Di Tian to take my life? " This was actually the thing that Chen Xiang wanted to know the most, and also the thing that he was a little worried about.

The Prince Imperial Dragon frowned slightly. Chen Xiang’s tone was filled with confidence, it did not seem like he was putting on an act at all, it was as if he was completely confident that he could kill him here, which made him unable to help himself from taking a look at Chen Xiang’s strength. However, he quickly felt that Chen Xiang was just blindly trying to be arrogant, and that this would usually give him a lot of confidence.

"I don’t know, because I won’t die, I’ve never thought about this. From the moment my royal father gave birth to me, he believed that I could co-exist with the great Dao of heaven and earth. He also had never considered this matter, so I can’t answer you! And your question will never have an answer, because I am immortal! "

Prince Imperial Dragon’s eyes revealed killing intent. From the moment Chen Xiang saw him, Prince Imperial Dragon had displayed his strong murderous intent.

Chen Xiang rubbed his fist and smiled: "Looks like if I want to know the answer, I can only kill you! I am a person with a strong desire to learn, so in order to get an answer, His Highness the Crown Prince has to suffer a little. It would be best if you commit suicide, but since I am the one who wants to know the answer, I won’t bother you any longer.

I only wanted to kill you in exchange for an answer! A dignified Prince Imperial Dragon’s life, is only worth an answer. Prince Imperial Dragon was instantly enraged!

The Prince Imperial Dragon was angered by Chen Xiang’s arrogant words and clenched his fists tightly. His face was cold, a killing light shot out from his eyes, the The power of the holy dragon was strong and vast, it created a wave in his body along with a monstrous killing intent, gushing out from every part of his body. Immediately, a dragon roar came out from all directions, floating in the middle of the huge stone chamber.

But Prince Imperial Dragon did not care about this, because he felt that he had the power to suppress Chen Xiang and kill him!

"A human dares to be so savage!"

A golden light flashed in the Prince Imperial Dragon’s palm, and a golden dragon sword appeared. From the looks of it, it was a Holy level dragon weapon, but from a glance, Chen Xiang immediately slashed with his sword, bringing along the extremely powerful The power of the holy dragon, as well as the dense immortal qi in the stone room. As though driven by his sword, they all turned into blade like astral winds, accompanying the sword as it attacked towards Chen Xiang.

Seeing the powerful sword come at him, Chen Xiang did not take out the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword s, but instead brandished his fist and directly used the back of his hand to clash with the sword blade.

Ding! The fierce collision caused the Golden Dragon Sword to let out a crisp dragon’s roar. A wave of explosive power struck the four walls, causing the entire stone room to shake.