Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Long Han could be considered a very powerful ancient dragon. What remained here was only a wisp of his divine will. It could be seen that he wasn’t dead, but he didn’t know where he was now.

Long Han could only see the situation inside Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea and not the white dragon that was Long Xueyi. Otherwise, he would definitely be even more shocked.

"How can I hook up with your Long family’s woman? She’s only giving me face and asking me to call her elder sister. She’s just right there to assimilate your inheritance." Chen Xiang scratched the back of his head and laughed.

"Although you said that, I kept on feeling that you were very powerful. I kept on feeling that you had a lot of powerful things on your body. But sadly, my original body wasn’t here so I couldn’t see through you." Long Han smiled, "But you have helped my Long family, I am grateful to you!"

Chen Xiang also stopped wasting time with Long Han, and directly asked him about some things he wanted to know: "Senior, I want to ask you, did you take away the twenty-six treasure chests in Chaotic Mountain? What’s in it? "

"Ah?" How do you know? Have you been there? It must be what the Mountain Spirit told you! " Long Han chuckled, "Only the descendants of traitors can enter that place. You can’t be the descendant of those traitors, right?"

"Of course not, I was just sneaking in! There were many things that happened there. In the end, we went there, and because there were only four treasure chests, there was a dispute. However, I managed to obtain three in the end, but was unable to open them. " Chen Xiang sighed.

"There should be a lot of people going, but you actually managed to get three! Not bad!" You can use my Ice dragon sword’s scabbard to open it, but you will need a bit of effort. Back then, I spent a lot of effort to create this key too, so those treasure chests are indeed hard to open. " Long Han said with a sigh, "To tell you the truth, don’t hold too much hope in the treasure chest. I spent a lot of effort to get 26 of them, but they were all useless in the end."

"Don’t hit me! What are they? " Chen Xiang felt his heart go cold, he had spent a lot of effort to get that back.

"It’s hard to say. The items in each treasure chest are different. In any case, they’re not good stuff in my eyes." Long Han smiled, "You should open it yourself, perhaps it’s a treasure to you."

Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief. Just what kind of powerful existence was this ice dragon?

"Senior, there’s one more thing, it’s the Super Old Fire Beast, I’ve met him before, he said that he was tricked by a dragon and got him trapped, I wonder if it was senior who did it?" Chen Xiang thought about it, then asked.

Long Han suddenly exclaimed, "Crap, I actually forgot about this guy!"

The corner of Chen Xiang’s mouth twitched, the Super Old Fire Beast not being released, had actually been forgotten by this guy. If he told the Super Old Fire Beast, the big Flame Lion would probably be angry.

"Back then, this guy was very impulsive and wanted to fight with some of the stronger guys. However, he knew his own limits. So, I’ll first go find a Earthly fruit and use this thing to increase my strength. I’ll go with him when that time comes. "

"In the end, he really did find out, but I was worried that once he ate the Earthly fruit, he would go find those powerful guys, so I temporarily sealed him away. After that, I was too busy with other things and even left Di Tian, so I forgot about this matter. If you didn’t mention it, I wouldn’t even remember it! "

Chen Xiang was speechless. He would never personally tell the Super Old Fire Beast about this, in case the Super Old Fire Beast’s anger would burn through his body. Thinking back to how the Super Old Fire Beast had been trapped for so long, because of this, he couldn’t help but feel sympathy for them.

"Senior, do you know where the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord’s mausoleum is?" Chen Xiang boldly asked about this matter.

"I don’t know. I had previously searched for his grave, but I still couldn’t find it. This fellow is very sinister!" Come to think of it, what is your background, and how do you know so many things that even I have almost forgotten? " Long Han was extremely curious.

"This is what Senior White Tiger told me!" Chen Xiang was not afraid to let the ice dragon know of his relationship with the White Tiger, and this would reduce the amount of things he had to explain.

"So that’s how it is. I didn’t expect him to still be alive. If he’s still in Di Tian, then he should be very confident!" How could it be like me coming to this place without even being able to find a root? Sigh ... "Flame Lion will definitely thank me for sealing him. Otherwise, when I kidnapped him here, he would definitely scold me a few times everyday now."

Chen Xiang was stunned. Even if the ice dragon was at that place, two scallions wouldn’t count? You have to understand that this ice dragon is a good friend of the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord. Even though it didn’t have the strength of the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord back then, it was still ranked very high up in the sky.

Chen Xiang guessed that it should be an even higher realm, to which he could only look up, in the Immortal World, his strength was merely at the bottom. If he met a Immortal Monarch, he would have to run away with his tail between his legs.

"Don’t say anymore, I’ll leave some power for you guys!" This Ice dragon sword has some of the power that I left behind sealed within it. If you need it, you can summon it once, but of course, it can only be used once! As long as it was what kind of power? It’s hard to say, it should be enough for you to overcome this obstacle! " Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Long Han let out a long sigh filled with helplessness. It seemed that he was not going to live a good life as he had been in the past.

"Senior, I will definitely come and find you in the future. Although I have never seen you before, I will at least have your help in making it to this day." Chen Xiang said.

"If you have the guts, then come! This is the grave of the strong, but it is also the place where they can become stronger. "

Chen Xiang’s thoughts were in a mess at the moment, he suspected that the place Long Han was currently in should be the Primal Chaos world!

There was some movement from Long Huishan’s side, and the circular light barrier surrounding her became much more transparent. Through the light barrier, Chen Xiang could see that a set of ice armor, seemingly crafted from ice crystals, had appeared on Long Huishan’s body.

The inheritance that Long Han had left him was not only him, but it was also a very powerful set of ice armor.

The light enveloping Long Huishan had already disappeared. The only thing that could be seen was that she was wearing a set of ice armor and sitting on the dragon throne, looking like a queen. Her speed of fusing with the Ice Dragon’s inheritance was extremely fast, and she could clearly feel how powerful she had become!

This was the power of an Immortal King! It made Chen Xiang feel as if he was facing the Three horns Dragon King.

Just when Chen Xiang was able to see her spirit, Long Huishan opened her eyes. Her bright and beautiful eyes revealed a sharp light that could not be hidden, and when she looked at Chen Xiang, it made him feel extremely pressured.