Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Hua Xiangyue was from the Purple Moon Realm, so Chen Xiang felt that she should have some understanding of the Purple Moon Imperial Land, because the first thing he would do when he returned, would be to exterminate the Purple Moon Imperial Land!

"Purple Moon Imperial Land is originally from the Violet Moon Realm. Even though I have a Purple Moon Fire Soul, I have nothing to do with him. You can do whatever you want with him, so don’t worry about me."

Chen Xiang still had a Heavenly Core for the Purple Moon. When they were dual cultivating last night, he took the opportunity to give Hua Xiangyue a bit of the Purple Moon’s Fire Soul power, allowing her to become a little stronger.

Hua Xiangyue, Dongfang Xinyue and Liu Meng’er were also close to transcending the Nine Nirvana Tribulations. When they return to Di Tian, the moment they crossed it, they would be able to fly to Heaven Realm.

When that time came, there would be a type of energy that would be sucked into the Sacred Dan Realm as long as there was no resistance.

Hua Xiangyue was a Alchemist, so her strength improved even faster than Liu Meng’er and the others. That was why she brought Wu Qianqian out to play, while Hua Xiangyue and the others were cultivating, especially Liu Meng’er, who still had to nurture Xue Xianxian and Leng Youlan. This was also why Liu Meng’er didn’t let Xue Xianxian and Leng Youlan stay with him for too long. It was because she didn’t have much time, and could only let her two disciples inherit her legacy.

Therefore, even Liu Meng’er was rarely with Chen Xiang, but there would always be opportunities in the future. This was also what Chen Xiang had agreed upon with Liu Meng’er previously.

"Let’s start by refining the Relive Dan. These are the Relive Dan’s medicinal ingredients, there’s only thirty or so of them. Take some for now." Chen Xiang took out a Storage bag.

Hua Xiangyue unceremoniously received it, and passed it to Wu Qianqian: "Let’s go, let’s start the refinement now!"

The two of them had just left when Long Huishan, the Female Dragon King, returned.

"They agreed, but they are determined to use weapons to compete with you! The time is set to be one month from now. The one you are competing with is a Sacred Dragon bloodline that has transcended the Seven Nirvana Tribulations. It is said that their bloodline is very pure. Are you really sure you can win? "

Long Huishan was very clear that the Holy Dragon Sword could restrain Ice dragon sword. If Chen Xiang used Green dragon demon-slain broadsword s at that time, it would definitely be seen through by everyone, because there would be many strong experts watching.

"Seven tribulations?" Chen Xiang snickered in his heart, obviously he had underestimated, even if it was a real Holy Dragon, they would still be beaten to the ground and kneel, although he could not use Green dragon demon-slain broadsword.

"You don’t believe me? If I really win, you have to do something for me! " Chen Xiang secretly snorted at the mischievous smile on his face.

"What is it?" Long Huishan guessed that this was definitely not a good thing.

"Help me investigate the situation of the Fire Divine Palace here. During the last banquet, I felt that there are people from the Fire Divine Palace here!" Chen Xiang said softly: "This Fire Divine Palace is not a good thing!"

Long Huishan frowned: "Fire Divine Palace isn’t a good thing? From what I know, this Fire Divine Palace is extremely mysterious, and I don’t know where he is hiding, but our Four Great Families used to be a subsidiary power of this Fire Divine Palace, and now, our Fire Divine Palace is slowly fading away. Furthermore, we don’t have any connections with our Four Great Families, so I don’t have much information on him! "

"Fire Divine Palace really did appear here!" Chen Xiang treated the people of the Fire Divine Palace as treasures, because most of the people of the Fire Divine Palace all had Fire Soul!

In another month, you will be sparring with that little demon Sacred Dragon Mountain. On the way, I will ask about that little brat to let you understand your enemy.

Long Huishan had just returned and immediately left. However, she was busy with Chen Xiang’s matters, otherwise she would have stayed here to cultivate.

Chen Xiang ran back to the secret room, and started to condense the creation divine liquid while holding the training sword in his hands. With the power he had gained from practicing Immortal Devil Body, it was hard for him to move the Hammer of God, so he could only use Genuine qi of universe.

"This hammer is made of iron, but it’s not good here!" If this Hammer of God was used to beat this house, it might have been ruined.

He needed a month to familiarize himself with the hammer. At the very least, it didn’t seem like he had to put too much effort into it. All he needed was to be able to move as fast as he wanted.

... ....

"Elder Du, are you bored staying in the Sacred Dan Realm? Do you want to go to Di Tian’s place? Although the resources there are not as great as here, it is still much more vast. Moreover, if you go there with your strength, you would be invincible. " Li Baojun said. He knew that the Dragon Subduing School needed this kind of almighty being to refine pills.

"Brother Li, you are helping Chen Xiang to rope me in, right? "Heh heh." Du Hai had already seen through it.

The two of them strolled around some large pill stores and experienced the standards of Alchemist here. Alchemist people like them could sometimes see many things from the aroma of pills.

"Elder Du, are you willing to stop at this stage of Dan Immortal?" Li Baojun said. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"There are nine grade immortal pills. I am currently a Tier 3 Dan Immortal who can only concoct Tier 3 immortal pills. I would like to advance one step, but I don’t know how long it will take!" "Di Tian still hasn’t grown up yet. His resources are too meagre." Du Hai shook his head.

"You’re right, but you should know that Chen Xiang is a freak! He can definitely get more high-level medicinal herbs. Don’t you think it’s strange that he can always get some very high-level medicinal herbs? What’s even weirder is that in his eyes, these high-level medicinal herbs are like cabbages! " Li Baojun said.

Du Hai nodded his head, he also suspected that Chen Xiang had an ability that could quickly grow medicinal herbs!

"I’ll think about it." Du Hai was indeed tired of staying in the Sacred Dan Realm, and right now, he and Du Yanyao were the only two remaining.

As the two of them were walking in a hotel, they suddenly heard someone say: "You guys should know that the Sacred Dragon Mountain’s Second Boss lost an arm! Sacred Dragon Mountain seems to have steeled their hearts to obtain the Ice dragon sword, and now, they have actually teamed up with the Fire Divine Palace, and used the Fire Dragon Sword to make a bet, fighting the red person beside the Female Dragon King! "

"Yes, I heard that there was another rumor saying Seven Dragons Sword. Forget about gathering seven of them, gathering all of them together can already make two of them very powerful. Ice dragon sword and Fire Dragon Sword are two of them!"

"Although it is a battle between two Nirvana Realm practitioners, it is still very interesting. One is a popular man beside Female Dragon King and the other is a disciple from Sacred Dragon Mountain with extremely pure Holy Dragon Bloodline. It is said that he is the son of the Head of Sacred Dragon Mountain."

"This boss is really amazing, he seems to have a lot of powerful sons!"

"Of course, because he has quite a few beautiful women, haha ..."

The group of animals chatted all the way to the women’s side.