Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had originally wanted to talk to Lv Qinlian alone, and use the Drunk god flower to exchange for some good things. Last time, he had used the Magical corruption gas to exchange for a Holy Lotus Seed.

However, Lv Qinlian had not returned after leaving the Long family. Before she left, she told Hua Xiangyue and the others that she had some private matters to attend to.

Chen Xiang could only tell Lv Qinlian about this matter in the future. What he needed to do now was to get familiar with using the Hammer of God as soon as possible, and condense a few more creation divine liquid at the same time.

Every night, Chen Xiang and Hua Xiangyue would dual cultivate together. Right now, Chen Xiang and Hua Xiangyue’s strength was not too far apart, so the effect of dual cultivation was even better.

Another day, it would be the day of the bet between Chen Xiang and Sacred Dragon Mountain, and the day he would fight the man with the Fire Dragon Sword.

In the courtyard, Du Hai and Li Baojun were all present, sitting at a round table with the others, listening to Long Huishan talk about his opponent.

This man is called Long Yu, the son of the Great Master of Sacred Dragon Mountain, Long Teng Yu. When the time comes, he will bring out his Fire Dragon Sword and use a fire attribute The power of the holy dragon, and his own flame is extremely powerful. It is said that he can release golden flames, and you are both Alchemist s.

Hua Xiangyue, Wu Qianqian, Du Hai, Li Baojun and Chen Xiang, the five of them were all Alchemist. When they heard the golden flames, their expressions changed slightly.

"Does that guy have a Fire Soul?" Hua Xiangyue asked.

"Not before. He only got it in a few years! I suspect that this is because I have interacted with the Fire Divine Palace before. I wonder what they used to exchange for the golden Fire Soul with the Fire Divine Palace. "

During this time, Long Huishan had also investigated about the Fire Divine Palace, but it was very difficult to find any detailed things, but he knew that the Fire Divine Palace had already been in contact with the Sacred Dragon Mountain since a long time ago.

Gold Fire Soul! Chen Xiang’s heart was thumping hard, this was something even higher level than the white Fire Soul, he never thought that he would meet it. He felt that not only would he win against the Fire Dragon Sword, he might even be able to obtain the golden Fire Soul.

"Fire Divine Palace, Fire Divine Palace, you are my Soul Gathering Pellet!" Chen Xiang snickered in his heart, if someone from the Fire Divine Palace were to meet him, they would be ripped off completely.

Long Huishan looked at Du Hai and Li Baojun and said: "You two, please pay more attention to tomorrow’s competition. I’m worried that something might happen. In order to prevent us from cheating, Sacred Dragon Mountain will publicly compete at that time. The other three great families will be watching from the sidelines. "

Li Baojun said: "Leader, when the time comes, don’t tell me you plan to use a Green dragon demon-slain broadsword? When those fellows saw this blade, they would definitely want it for themselves! "

Chen Xiang laughed: Absolutely not, I will beat that guy fair and square, and that guy is not worthy for me to use my Green dragon demon-slain broadsword!

Forget about Hammer of God s, just with Slaughter God’s Hand alone, Chen Xiang could deal with them.

What Chen Xiang was more concerned about, was how he could take away the golden Fire Soul in front of so many Rankers, but that could not be done until tomorrow.

"Speaking of which, I don’t think I’ve seen your fair and square competition before. I hope that I’ll be able to see it tomorrow." Du Hai laughed.

Everyone laughed, they had indeed rarely seen Chen Xiang using his strongest power before, so they were really looking forward to seeing it.

In the morning of the second day, Hua Xiangyue woke up early. However, his beautiful jade body was currently being hugged by Chen Xiang, and in the past month, he had been sleeping soundly.

Hua Xiangyue pushed Chen Xiang to wake him up, then very gently helped him to get dressed.

"Little Scoundrel, even though you know that you’re going to compete today, you’re still fighting so late." Hua Xiangyue pouted.

"Isn’t it to relax?" Chen Xiang laughed and pinched Hua Xiangyue’s big jade rabbit.

Seeing Chen Xiang and Hua Xiangyue flirting as they walked out of the room, Long Huishan looked at Chen Xiang with extreme contempt. Right now, she and the others were extremely worried about Chen Xiang, but this little bastard was still carefree and happy at such a critical juncture.

The place for the competition was the plaza in the Sacred City, the Contest Ring had already built it. Not only was it a life and death battle, it was also a competition between two Long family members. The one who lost would very likely lose his life and the dragon sword, so the price he paid would be extremely heavy.

The Sacred Dragon Mountain needed this competition to establish his might, because the current master of the Long family was Long Huishan. He was a Female Dragon King, and was even stronger than the head of the Long family, so he had already broken free from the control of the Sacred Dragon Mountain. If it was in the past, the Long family would more or less have to give him some face, and the Sacred Dragon Mountain would also be able to obtain huge benefits from the Long family.

The Long family also needed this kind of competition, as long as they won, they could ruthlessly trample over the Sacred Dragon Mountain. One must know that previously, the Second Leader of the Sacred Dragon Mountain was already beaten up by Long Huishan.

Below the stage, Chen Xiang and Long Huishan had arrived, while the other side only sent a few old men to bring Long Yu here, as though they did not put the Long family in their eyes at all and did not need their boss to step in.

"You are Yun Fei?" Long Yu was surrounded by a large number of people, but no matter how he looked at it, he didn’t think that the guy in front of him was that strong.

Chen Xiang also looked at him. This Long Yu looked a little skinny, probably because of his golden robes. He had the standard face of a rich family’s child, his handsome and fair face was filled with an arrogant expression.

Of course, what Chen Xiang paid the most attention to was not his outer appearance, but the golden-red sword in his hand, the Fire Dragon Sword inside its sheath. Although the sword was not unsheathed, he could still feel the raging fire inside the Fire Dragon Sword!

The other thing he was concerned about was the Fire Soul in Long Yu’s body, which he was more concerned about. When he used the Chaos Divine Eye to look at him, he saw that Long Yu’s body had a ball of extremely strong golden flames within it.

"This is the famous person beside Female Dragon King! At such a young age, I really wonder what kind of ability does he have to actually be able to pull out that Ice dragon sword. "

"Female Dragon King said many times that he and the Ice dragon sword were fated, that’s why he gave the Ice dragon sword to him! That’s why the Female Dragon King is able to become the Female Dragon King and receive the inheritance of their Frozen Dragon Ancestor! "

Long Yu saw that Chen Xiang did not take out the Ice dragon sword, so he asked: "Where is your Ice dragon sword? Don’t you plan on using the Ice dragon sword to fight me? "

Chen Xiang said: "There’s also no rule saying that I must use the Ice dragon sword to fight you."

Long Yu said coldly: "Don’t hide inside the Storage magic treasure. If you die, what if the Storage magic treasure cannot be obtained?"Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com