Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

After returning to the Long family’s residence, Long Huishan was filled with suspicions as he quickly asked about what had happened.

"Can Ice dragon sword really summon the Ice Dragon’s Ancestral Founder? What exactly is going on? " Long Huishan still could not believe it. If it was like this, then wouldn’t be an invincible existence?

Hua Xiangyue, Du Hai and the others looked at Chen Xiang, waiting for his reply. Just now, they had all seen the appearance of the ice dragon with their own eyes.

"Actually... It can only be used once, it was worth it just now, killing so many Immortal Kings, I think the Sacred Dragon Mountain should not have any experts guarding there, Sister Long, take your people and go and destroy the Sacred Dragon Mountain.

He could only use it once! Everyone was unavoidably disappointed. If he could use it limitlessly, then Chen Xiang would definitely be very powerful.

"However, others can only use it once, so this must be kept a secret! Right now, many people think that Ice dragon sword can summon out ice dragons, so they do not dare to have any intentions of fighting against the Long family, hehe. " Chen Xiang laughed.

Lv Qinlian had returned at this time, but she had actually returned with wounds all over her body.

"What’s going on? How did you get so hurt? " Long Huishan hurriedly stepped forward to support Lv Qinlian. The reason Lv Qinlian could become the Demon Empress was not because of his strength, and he also knew how to use poison. To be able to make her into such a state, he must be a very strong person.

Chen Xiang immediately took out some of the healing liquid that he refined with his own blood and dripped it onto Lv Qinlian’s wounds.

Seeing those wounds flashing with a faint purple luster, he frowned and asked, "What poison is this?"

Lv Qinlian’s face was extremely pale, and she could only shake her head. At this time, Du Hai had also taken out a detoxifying immortal pill and gave it to her.

"A large amount of poison aura has accumulated within her body. I’ll force it out for her!" Long Huishan activated his Innate Qi and channeled it into Lv Qinlian’s body, sealing the poison in her body and preventing it from spreading. Then, Lv Qinlian started to circulate his Qi and turned it into steam and forced it out of his body.

"The people from the Saint Demon Realm and the Saint Demon Realm are here. Everyone be careful, don’t clash with them, they’re very powerful!" The weakened Lv Qinlian finally spoke.

Under everyone’s help, Lv Qinlian finally stabilized his injuries, but it was still very serious.

The Sacred Dan Realm was very strange. After the Great War between Three Realms had started, the two higher realms called the Holy Demon Realm and the Holy Demon Realm had fused together. Furthermore, they had acted before, and it was also because of the invasion of the Holy Demon Realm and the Holy Demon Realm that the Super Yuan Mountain did not rule over the Sacred Dan Realm there.

However, from the looks of it, Saint Devil Realm and Saint Demon Realm had discovered the other half of the Sacred Dan Realm and even sent out their experts. If not, with Lv Qinlian’s strength, he wouldn’t have suffered such heavy injuries.

"We need to return to Di Tian quickly, otherwise, it will be difficult for us to return in the future. This is because the Holy Demon Realm and the group of demons from the Holy Demon Realm are going to destroy the Sacred Sacrificed Alter! If we, the experts who have come to the Sacred Dan Realm are missing, Di Tian would very likely be taken over by the Evil Demon Demons. " As Lv Qinlian refined the pellet Du Hai gave him, he said, "The reason why I went out earlier was to look for the Sacred Demon Realm here, to see the civilization of the Sacred Demon Realm. However, this was beyond my expectations, because all the demons of the Sacred Demon Realm had become extremely evil, and could be classified as Evil Demon s.

"I was accidentally discovered by them and fought against them in the end. I killed three Demon Kings and two Demon Kings, but... It was that very Evil Demon who injured me. Fortunately, I was saved by a single person. "

Li Baojun said, "It looks like we need to return to the Sacred Sacrificed Alter quickly. If we can’t go back to Di Tian, something terrible will definitely happen there."

Although there was still a long period of time before the Promise of Ten Years, they couldn’t afford to do so. They had to return no matter what, and if the Sacred Sacrificed Alter was destroyed, it would be difficult to do so.

Hua Xiangyue sighed: "I’m not going back! Qianqian, you should remember the things I taught you before right? If there’s anything you don’t understand, ask those elders. They will help you. You must remember, before flying to Heaven Realm, you must find a good successor so that Dan Fragrance Pure Land can continue to operate! "

"You’re not leaving?" Chen Xiang was immediately disappointed. He had heard Hua Xiangyue say before that she was going to the Heaven Realm.

"No need, I have an appointment with Meng Er and the Warm Moon to fly to Sacred Dan Realm. I will stay here for a while!" Hua Xiangyue shook his head.

"Elder sister Xiangyue!" Although they would still meet in the future, it would still take a very long time for Wu Qianqian to carry Hua Xiangyue.

"I will take good care of her! You all should hurry up and leave! " Long Huishan said. She knew that Chen Xiang had built his own force in Di Tian, and it was just starting. If she didn’t go back, those who followed him would be very disappointed.

Hua Xiangyue saw Chen Xiang’s unwillingness to part, and laughed: "You and I are not even children, there is nothing to worry about."

"Alright, I will go to Heaven Realm as soon as possible!" Chen Xiang said with a determined gaze, and then took out a Storage bag: "These are Fire phoenix purple gold, as well as some artifact forging materials that I have collected, pass them to Elder Sister Meng’er and Warm Moon for me!"

Lv Qinlian’s injuries had improved a lot, and he immediately escorted them through the sea of fire to the Sacred Dan Realm on the other side.

"Sister Long, help me keep this Ice dragon sword for the time being! I won’t be able to use it now anyway! " Chen Xiang had only given the Ice dragon sword to Lv Qinlian, but he had kept the sword sheath for himself since he still needed to open the treasure chest.

"Wait till you gather all the Seven Dragons Sword before coming to find me. At that time, we’ll see what kind of miracle happens!" Long Huishan laughed, and then hugged Chen Xiang for a while.

Take good care of that little girl, "he said." Let her smoothly pass through the ninth tribulation!

"I know!" Come back in the future when you have the chance. " UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

After that, Du Hai, Li Baojun and the others bade farewell to Long Huishan and left for Sacred Dan City!

What made Chen Xiang and the others surprised was that the Sacred Dan Realm over here was in chaos. The Saint Devil Realm and the Saint Demon Realm had both fought to this point and they had a conflict with the great powers here!

Chen Xiang and the others quickly arrived at the Zi Lan Mountain Valley. What he did not expect was that the White Tiger was actually here!

"This... Great Elder, why are you here? " Chen Xiang swept his eyes across them and saw the otherworldly Xue Xianxian and the white-haired beauty Leng Youlan, but they were not Liu Meng’er or Dongfang Xinyue!

Bai Xing, Yun Zhu, Yan Zilan and the others were not here!

"Where’s Yanyao?" Du Hai asked anxiously, because he did not see his own granddaughter, Du Yanyao.

Xue Xianxian threw himself into Chen Xiang’s embrace, and said with a little sadness: "Master and the others went to the Heaven Realm!"

Chen Xiang hugged Xue Xianxian, and asked softly: "What’s going on?"

"Mu Jialan is also no longer Yao Shumei? Could it be that they also went to the Heaven Realm? " Wu Qianqian asked.