Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Meng’er, he said calmly: "Really? Why can’t I remember? I’ve always been good to her! Never bullied her. "

Leng Youlan, who was standing at the side, was depressed. She did not expect that the couple would actually talk about her master when they met. She was an idiot in terms of emotions, so she naturally could not understand that Chen Xiang had already fallen for Liu Meng’er, which was why she could not wrap her head around it.

"I heard that the Dragon Emperor wanted to attack you back then? Right? " Chen Xiang had heard of it from the White Tiger, and when he thought about it, he became extremely furious. A dignified Dragon Emperor was actually ruthless to a group of women who were weaker than him.

Xue Xianxian nodded his head, "Mn, luckily your Dragon Subduing School’s Great Clan Elder suddenly appeared, we were fine! You didn’t kill the son of the Dragon Emperor, so he probably dealt with us for the sake of the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword.

The hot-tempered Leng Youlan immediately jumped over and said angrily: "This old stinky dragon is a bastard. Sooner or later, this old lady will pull out his dragon tendons, strip off his dragon scales, crush his dragon egg, and make him act arrogantly. Brother, why are you so useless? Why didn’t you kill that little bastard dragon? If only you had killed him! "

"As expected of the White Dragon bloodline, you are truly promising!" Long Xueyi said excitedly, as he fully supported Leng Youlan’s words.

Chen Xiang forehead started to perspire slightly, this White Dragon bloodline seemed to be born to rebel against Imperial Dragon Clan. In fact, he really wanted to tell this Violent Sister that he killed Prince Imperial Dragon so that she could be proud of him. However, he was worried that Leng Youlan might not be able to control his own mouth, and that it would become troublesome if word of this got out.

"Brother, I support you in establishing the Dragon Subduing School. In the future, I will specially kill those cold and elegant royal dragons! Your Dragon Subduing School must save a spot for me. When I get Master’s permission, I will go and rely on you. I will specifically go with you to kill dragons. " As Leng Youlan spoke, he took out his mighty large sword and waved it.

Xue Xianxian had long gotten used to this kind of Leng Youlan, so he only smiled lightly. Just like how Chen Xiang was used to Long Xueyi.

Xue Xianxian and Leng Youlan also put down what they were doing at hand and chatted idly about various things. A day quickly passed.

Although Chen Xiang and Xue Xianxian were husband and wife, there were very few things that a man and woman would do to each other. Now that they were making up for it, they could enjoy the joy of being at the pinnacle ...

The sky was about to brighten when both Chen Xiang and Xue Xianxian had finished cultivating. Xue Xianxian regained his senses from the pleasant afterglow and felt that the Innate Qi in his body had advanced quite a bit. He then pounded Chen Xiang’s chest.

"Scoundrel, husband, why are you so skilled? You almost killed him last night." To be honest, who exactly did you train with? " Xue Xianxian said with jealousy.

Chen Xiang embraced the tender and beautiful jade person, and looked at the jade face that had become even more beautiful because of last night’s watering: "Is it going to be comfortable to death?"

"Little Scoundrel!" Xue Xianxian pouted. "Truth be told, have you been flirting around outside? Don’t recklessly harm others."

"Of course I didn’t act recklessly!" Chen Xiang quickly explained.

"Then why are you ... So skillful, so much experience, so many tricks! You’ve only been with me a few times before. "Be honest with Qianqian?" Xue Xianxian straddled his navel and stared at Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang looked at the naked Xue Xianxian, and his pair of bad hands unobediently touched it, but it was opened.

"It’s little girl Xiang Yue!" Chen Xiang curled his lips, sat up, and hugged Xue Xianxian. He intended to once again have fun with this Little Fairy, who was filled with incomparable temptation.

"Hmph, I knew it!" "You finally ate the female slave, you’re so bad!" Xue Xianxian pinched the flesh on Chen Xiang’s arm.

Chen Xiang laughed, and then a beautiful spring scene appeared in the room ...

In the morning, Chen Xiang came to the courtyard. He saw that Leng Youlan had one hand on her fragrant cheek, her beautiful white hair was a little messy. Chen Xiang went over to help her comb it, but her face was full of displeasure.

Xue Xianxian walked over, caressed Leng Youlan’s face and said with a smile: "Are you unhappy because I wasn’t with you last night?"

Leng Youlan scoffed, "You guys played games together last night, and had such fun. If you don’t bring me along, you guys are so selfish!"

Chen Xiang glanced at Xue Xianxian, as if he was asking Xue Xianxian why he didn’t teach this white haired beauty some common knowledge, making her seem so young, to the point that she didn’t even know about this.

"I taught her, but she can’t figure out what’s going on. And you little scoundrel, have you ever kissed her before? " Xue Xianxian sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang and scolded her.

Chen Xiang had indeed kissed Leng Youlan before. He coughed dryly twice, then sat beside Leng Youlan and said: "Good little sister, this is something that only husband and wife can do, it is a very intimate action ..."

Leng Youlan thought for a while, then said: "Was it you who did it with Senior Sister in the cave last time? It’s no big deal? They just needed to hug each other naked, then kiss each other, touch the body, then move up and down, one after the other. You didn’t do this all night, did you? You’re all so bored! "

Chen Xiang choked on his words. He thought for a moment, then said: "That’s right, this is a very boring matter, and is also an act to strengthen the relationship between husband and wife. Moreover, by cultivating in this way, one can increase one’s strength!"

Leng Youlan’s eyes lit up, "Increase in strength? This way is also possible? "

When Xue Xianxian saw that the situation wasn’t right, she knew that if this were to continue, Leng Youlan would definitely clamor that he would play that sort of game with her. She hurriedly sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang, "Master said that you better not touch Youlan’s body. She said that Youlan’s body is very scary right now.

"Did Elder Sister Meng’er really say that? How did she know that I would do that to Youlan? " Chen Xiang touched Leng Youlan’s white hair.

"You stole Youlan’s first kiss last time. This girl wants the whole world to know, you little scoundrel. I already knew that you had a bad purpose in taking her as my little sister!" And Jing Jing, she’s also your little sister now, so maybe you’ll eat her that day, heh heh! "

Sensing that Xue Xianxian was extremely jealous, Chen Xiang hurriedly avoided her gaze. He wanted to swear that when he had first accepted Leng Youlan and Dongfang Jing as his disciples, his goal was absolutely pure, but the developments afterwards had exceeded his expectations.

Just as Leng Youlan was planning to pester him further, a voice suddenly came from outside the courtyard: "Great Leader, and Leader! There’s an urgent report that the Ghost Killer’s people are active in the vicinity of the Divine Weapons Heavenly Country. Moreover, during this period of time, a few of our Divine Weapon Sect’s disciples who went out of the sect have disappeared without a trace, we suspect that it was the Ghost Killer who did this! "

After Leng Youlan heard this, he hastily opened the door and shouted: "Where are those bastards of the Ghost Killer coming from? I am going to castrate them, how dare they attack our Divine Weapon Sect, I will destroy the entire Ghost Killing School! "Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎