Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

hand.

"How rare, I didn’t think you would come find me." Wu Qianqian invited Chen Xiang to sit, then poured tea for him with an extremely sweet smile on his face.

"There is a beautiful lady here, I will definitely come often." Chen Xiang laughed. The fragrance on his body was extremely strange, and every time Chen Xiang smelled it, he would feel an indescribable comfort. It made him want to hug Wu Qianqian and suck on that beautiful fragrance even closer.

As Chen Xiang helped Wu Qianqian organize those abandoned medicinal herbs, he asked: "Xiang Yue is no longer here, are you used to it? Or go and stay with Xianxian and the others, but they seem to be very busy all day. "

"En, we’ll talk about it in the future. I will first raise my alchemy skills here, I can only refine high grade Ground level pills, and have not become a Dan King yet. Furthermore, my strength is relatively low, and I won’t be able to make my appearance! In any case, if he wants to raise his power, he’ll have to do it alone. "

However, after being taught a lesson by Chen Xiang, she had changed a lot. Now that she was in charge of the entire Dan Fragrance Pure Land, she seemed to be more low-key, and the people of the outside world almost didn’t know that she was the Leader, as they didn’t know her foundation.

Chen Xiang felt extremely moved in his heart as he looked at the beautiful woman in front of him who wore plain clothes, but did not lose her composure. He and Wu Qianqian had shared many things in the past, and he deeply knew that Wu Qianqian was a very strong woman.

Wu Qianqian saw that Chen Xiang was staring at her, and did not even blink, and laughed: "Don’t you feel that it’s embarrassing to look at others like that?"

Chen Xiang laughed: "You aren’t shy now, anyway you’re right here, and you look so nice, it’s a pity that you won’t come."

Wu Qianqian smiled sweetly, as she organized the ingredients proficiently.

Chen Xiang asked: "Qianqian, are you going to refine these ingredients into pills?"

Wu Qianqian nodded, and said: "Yes, this can increase my control over the pill furnace, if I succeed, I can still make use of the trash, which is one of the aspects that elder sister Xiangyue wanted me to focus on."

However, when I was with Big Sister Xiangyue, I learned a lot of things from her. Furthermore, she helped me to raise my flame, so my Blue Star Fire Soul will soon evolve into a purple Fire Soul. At that time, I’ll be able to refine pills with twice the results and half the effort.

When Wu Qianqian talked about the Blue Star Fire Soul, he couldn’t help but think back to that time when he was together with Chen Xiang.

"If you dual cultivate with me, it can allow your Fire Soul to evolve even faster!" Long Xueyi said, and it was even in Chen Xiang’s voice.

It was not the first time Long Xueyi had embarrassed himself in front of her in this way twice. This made Chen Xiang have the urge to pinch her to death, repeatedly ruining his image.

Wu Qianqian raised her head and looked at Chen Xiang. Her face carried a faint blush, and she said in a low voice, "What a bad little scoundrel ... No wonder Big Sister Xiangyue and the others kept calling you that. You were always like that when we were still in Super Dan Imperial College. " Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"Qianqian ... This... "I’m just saying that if ..." Chen Xiang didn’t want to explain himself, and didn’t know how to explain either. He only wanted to grab Long Xueyi out and give him a good beating.

"Little Naughty Dragon, f * ck you, be more obedient." Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to Long Xueyi and roared loudly.

"I am helping you create an opportunity ..." If we don’t go now, when will we? " Long Xueyi was very unsatisfied, he felt that he had been struck by lightning.

Wu Qianqian lowered her head and did not speak, the atmosphere was extremely awkward, she did not expect Chen Xiang to so boldly say such words, although she was already used to it.

"Little Scoundrel, hurry up and hug her, then kiss her! She likes you from the start, and you have your own ideas about her. Long Xueyi was very unhappy.

Chen Xiang’s heart also suddenly had this kind of impulse, as he stood up and fiercely hugged Wu Qianqian!

Before Wu Qianqian could react, he felt his sandalwood mouth being blocked, and there was even a fierce tongue prying open her lips, entering her small and fragrant mouth, stirring wildly inside, grabbing onto her tongue.

"Ugh ..." Wu Qianqian struggled a little, but she did not dare to bite Chen Xiang’s tongue hard. And the more she struggled, the harder Chen Xiang would hug her.

"That’s right!" Long Xueyi laughed out loud, she felt that she had done a great thing, but was jealous enough to let Su Meiyao pinch her cheek.

Very quickly, Wu Qianqian turned soft, and under Chen Xiang’s guidance, her soft and rough tongue was quickly wrapped around’s hot tongue, the two of them tightly embraced each other and passionately kissed.

After half a cup of tea passed, Wu Qianqian suddenly remembered something. He hurriedly pushed Chen Xiang away and looked at him with a reddened face: "I still have things to do, I can’t accompany you to continue messing around."

"How is this nonsense?" Chen Xiang hugged her slender waist, licked his lips, and laughed.

"I still need to concoct pills, I’m not as carefree as you!" Wu Qianqian let out a light sigh, leaned into Chen Xiang’s embrace, and said gently: "Chen Xiang, thank you. You were the one who led me to this path.

"En!"

Chen Xiang embraced the beauty that was as beautiful as jade, lowered his head slightly, and once again embraced Wu Qianqian’s sandalwood mouth. This time, he kissed her very gently, and Wu Qianqian was not that awkward either.

After a while, Wu Qianqian gently pushed Chen Xiang away, and said softly: Is that enough? "I have a goal today, and I need to concoct some pills. You can come back another day."

Chen Xiang laughed and said, "A lifetime is not enough! I’ll help you get a blue Fire Soul right now and let you fuse it into a purple Fire Soul. "

Wu Qianqian anxiously pulled Chen Xiang and said: "No need, I can level up through the White flame heavenly horse, you don’t need to take the risk! My physique is not like yours. It’s not good for me to fuse too much, and it’s also very painful! "

Wu Qianqian sent Chen Xiang outside and said, "Chen Xiang, you have to be careful. Di Tian is currently very restless, and many people have plans for you."

"I know!" Chen Xiang gently caressed Wu Qianqian’s hair and then left the Dan Fragrance Pure Land.

"Little Scoundrel, quickly apologize to me and then thank me! This old lady has rendered a great merit! " Long Xueyi said proudly.

"Alright, thank you Heavenly Dragon Supreme Lord!"

When Chen Xiang returned to the Divine Weapons Heavenly Country, it was already night, but Xue Xianxian and Leng Youlan were not there.

After waiting for over an hour, he saw Leng Youlan return with a face filled with killing intent, while Xue Xianxian’s expression was also ugly.

Chen Xiang asked anxiously: "What happened?"

Leng Youlan said angrily: "Isn’t it that dogshit of a Ghost Killing School, actually causing such a ruckus? They knew that Master wasn’t here, so they deliberately provoked our Divine Weapon Sect, and they even had some sects supporting them."