Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Leng Youlan sneered: "We are not selling, you guys better hurry up and leave, I do not welcome people like you here. You are right, our Human Realm hates people like you, so how can we do business with you guys? As for the Ghost Killing School and the Devil Race, they had long since become extremely stinky, and now, the Jin Hao Sword Sect should be arriving soon! "

"The reason why I’m here today, is for you to quickly leave the Divine Weapons Heavenly Country, and never step foot inside again. If you discover me, you will be killed without mercy!"

Leng Youlan’s attitude was very clear, he was definitely not going to let the profoundgang lode, and he was even going to expel the Devil Race and the Ghost Killing School. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"Don’t think that your Chen Martial Continent’s sect alliance is already the best in the world! We have good intentions to chat with you right now. That is because we think highly of you. " The young man’s face suddenly turned cold.

"What is it? If you look down on us, are you going to just directly kill us? As expected of a fellow from the Devil Realm! " Leng Youlan stood up and shouted in anger, "Get the hell out of here, I’ll give you one hour, get out of Divine Weapons Heavenly Country!"

With regards to the Ghost Killing School, Leng Youlan was already easy to deal with. If this thing appeared in the Dragon Subduing School, it would have been ordered by Li Baojun to kill it long ago.

"Haha ..." What a powerful Divine Weapons Heavenly Country, a mere arrogant little girl, actually dares to tell us direct disciples of the Devil Race to scram? Since you all do not accept our kind intentions, then we will have to use force, isn’t it just a Chen Martial Continent? Are we still afraid that we won’t be able to win? " The young man laughed.

The two Golden Face Ghost Killer s also suddenly took action at this time, only to see them quickly waving their arms, releasing a torrential rain of gold needles. The gold needles were glowing with a purple luster, and with a glance, one could tell that they contained a highly toxic poison.

"Bastard!" Leng Youlan swung his greatsword, and the ice wind and cold energy surged out like the waves of the ocean, freezing all the golden needles.

The two men from Devil Race immediately pulled out a black long blade, the three middle-aged men from the Golden Sword Sect pulled out their golden swords and pounced towards Leng Youlan. All of them were people who had experienced the five tribulations and six tribulations of the Nirvana Realm, they were all extremely powerful, at the same time, they unleashed a berserk Qi that shattered the entire house.

However, just as they flew away, just as they released their violent powers, they felt their bodies floating in the air, unable to move. They could see that there were quite a few water dragons coiling around their bodies, and these water dragons were even frantically devouring their powers.

Just as Chen Xiang released the water dragons to wrap around this group of people, Leng Youlan’s large sword had already slashed out, chopping down Golden Face Ghost Killer’s head first, then the two Demon Lord’s men, and finally the three middle-aged men of the Golden Sword Sect.

was very familiar with decapitating, in just a few moments, all of their heads were chopped off by her.

"The secret hall, clean up this place. The rest should be some small fries!" Leng Youlan said solemnly, Chen Xiang only saw a few black lights suddenly flash, and with an extremely fast speed, they entered the house, and then he heard many miserable cries.

"Bro, it’s so good to be with you!" Leng Youlan laughed and then took out all of their Storage magic treasure s.

"Hang the heads of these two Golden Face Ghost Killer s up, and let them know the power of our Divine Weapons Heavenly Country. If they enter, Golden Face Ghost Killer will definitely die."

Leng Youlan and Chen Xiang arrogantly left the house, but the sky had just started to brighten.

When he returned to the palace, Xue Xianxian saw the happiness on Leng Youlan’s face and knew that the matter was progressing smoothly.

"We have already sent people to inform Super Martial School and the others of what the Devil Race has done to us. Furthermore, I just received news that Super Martial School’s Gu Dongchen, Wu Kaiming and even Huang Jintian had flown up to Heaven Realm. Xue Xianxian said.

looked at the sky and let out a long sigh. Accompanied by the rise of Huang Jintian and the others, a new era was coming, and this era belonged to them, the youngsters. But today, the demons were rampant, and they were attacking Human Realm without restraint.

Xue Xianxian said: "You Lan, we need to quickly arrange a good profound Realm!"

Leng Youlan’s eyes lit up. "Un, master and the profound Realm Sis have refined them, they are now of use. We have to hurry and finish them!"

"How should we arrange it?" Chen Xiang knew that Dongfang Xinyue and Liu Meng’er were refining the profound Realm before, but it seemed that they had succeeded.

"That array disc is currently absorbing energy, it will take around a month to finish. If it is done, we will have a very large profound Realm, as big as an entire city." Xue Xianxian said.

When the time comes, I need to go find some old friends. I will have them pay more attention to the Chen Martial Continent, I always have a feeling that the Chen Martial Continent will be very dangerous in the future. "Su Yun said in a low voice. Chen Xiang said. He regretted not asking why the ice dragon and Super Old Fire Beast chose to hide in the Chen Martial Continent, and why the secular world his father lived in never appeared.

In the next month, Chen Xiang either condensed creation divine liquid during the day or went to find Wu Qianqian to get intimate with him. At night, he would be together with Xue Xianxian as they cultivated.

This month, Chen Xiang realised that Xue Xianxian and Leng Youlan were both very mature when it came to handling problems, it was obviously something he learned from Liu Meng’er, and now, the palace had opened an entrance, which was specially used to enter the profound Realm, but it was empty inside, and required a few things to perfect, but they had already moved in, and the spirit qi was extremely dense.

In the morning, the new profound Realm absorbed the densest amount of spirit energy.

Xue Xianxian laid in Chen Xiang’s embrace, and said gently: "Husband, you go back to busy yourself, your Dragon Subduing School is much more dangerous than us, your dragon fountain is being watched by many great powers, and your Dragon Subduing City’s medicine industry is so flourishing, it will make many people jealous, we can handle this here."

"Hm!" We won’t have much to do when we get to the Heaven Realm in the future. " Chen Xiang kissed Xue Xianxian’s fragrant lips, then got up and put on some clothes.

"Brother, if your Dragon Subduing School needs any helpers, just call me. I will definitely rush over immediately." Leng Youlan laughed.

"Ha ha!" Chen Xiang kissed her forehead: "You Lan, be more obedient and don’t let Xianxian meddle."

"I know, don’t be so girly. I hate these things the most." Leng Youlan giggled.

"Are you chasing me away?" Chen Xiang scolded.

After bidding farewell to the two women, Chen Xiang came to Devil-subduing College from the Transmission array in the city. At this time, the pressure on Devil-subduing College was also great, because of the rampage of the demons, many sects had sent their disciples in to learn the Anti-Demon Arts, and this Devil-subduing College was also viewed as a thorn by many demon-like forces.