Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

As the people of Fire Divine Palace slowly approached, Chen Xiang suddenly felt that something was wrong, because he saw that behind the group of people from Fire Divine Palace, there was a group of white people following. Their skin and fur were all as white as snow, their eyes flashed with white light and they exhaled white smoke.

The Ice Men mentioned by the old rhinoceros must be the ones in front of him.

What surprised Chen Xiang was that these ice men were actually together with the Fire Divine Palace. This made him wonder if there was any cooperation between the Fire Divine Palace and the ice men, or if the Fire Divine Palace could enslave these ice men.

If that was really the case, it meant that the Fire Divine Palace wanted to use these ice men to drive people into the profound Cold Ancient Realm to search for profoundbing. Not only would they drive them away, they might even kill them and loot their goods.

The group of Fire Divine Palace in front of him were not weak, a few of them were the kind that were only one step away from levelling up.

What was even more surprising was that behind this group of people, on the flat plain, large ice beasts suddenly appeared one after another. These ice beasts were all in the form of wild beasts. Lions, tigers, wolves ... It was just that its size was huge and the Icy cold power on its body was extremely powerful, so it was unknown how it was formed.

The group of ice men were all riding on top of those huge ice beasts, and a few sharp ice spears were condensed in their hands as they faced Chen Xiang, ready to throw them at him at any time.

Chen Xiang never thought that the opposing forces would suddenly become so powerful, especially the ice beasts, the cold energy that they released was extremely strong, causing Chen Xiang to be wary. He could feel that the cold energy that the ice beasts and ice men were releasing were very similar to that of the Primordial profoundbing.

The mysterious Primordial profoundbing already contained a lot of powerful energy. If these mysterious ice men and beasts could absorb those profoundbing and turn them into their own energy, then the released cold energy would definitely be very powerful.

If it were only the people from the Fire Divine Palace, Chen Xiang would definitely not be afraid of them. But now, there were those Ice Beasts that were neither human nor ghost, and they were also very strong, he felt that even Magical corruption gas would not be able to deal with these things.

"Let’s go, and find a chance to take care of these Fire Divine Palace guys." Chen Xiang was not a match for anyone, furthermore, he was not clear about how strong the ice men and beasts were, so he decided to leave first.

The people from the Fire Divine Palace had already seen that he was about to leave, and anxiously shouted: "Lock him up, don’t let him leave, he just obtained a large piece of profoundbing." Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Chen Xiang had already kept the profoundbing. Although he heard this, he still turned around and ran.

Just as he took two steps forward, the ground suddenly trembled, and translucent thick ice walls appeared around Chen Xiang, forming a gigantic barrier that trapped Chen Xiang and the group of Fire Divine Palace inside. Chen Xiang who was running frantically crashed into the thick ice walls, and was stopped.

These ice walls were very sturdy, yet his fierce strike did not leave any mark on them.

"Don’t even think about running. Obediently hand over that profoundbing and become our slave, then you will continue to live. Otherwise, you will be reduced to the food of the Ice Demons behind me." A middle aged man from Fire Divine Palace said indifferently. Looking at his appearance, one could tell that he did this frequently.

Chen Xiang finally understood why this profound Cold Ancient Realm had suddenly become so dangerous. It was actually caused by the command of a group of powerful Ice Demons so that they could monopolize the profoundbing inside.

What Chen Xiang was puzzled about was, how exactly did the people of the Fire Divine Palace control these Ice Demons? The Ice Demon that the Fire Divine Palace mentioned was extremely powerful, and there were a lot of them as well, and the power of frost was extremely strange, seeing that they could easily create such a powerful ice wall. It could be said that in the profound Cold Ancient Realm, they were the absolute rulers, how could they listen to the orders of these Fire Divine Palace fellows.

Chen Xiang suddenly had an idea and asked, "Ice Demon, the thing behind you is called Ice Demon, aren’t you from the Fire Divine Palace? Why are you colluding with Ice Demon, who kills humans in the profound Cold Ancient Realm?"

"You know too much. For you to be able to come here alone means that you have a certain level of strength. You should understand that we won’t let you off. You should know what to do now." The middle-aged man’s voice became gloomy.

If it was before, Chen Xiang only planned to escape first before saying anything, but now, he knew these ice men were demons, and secretly rejoiced in his heart.

His Green dragon demon-slain broadsword was specialized in suppressing demons, and he had mastered techniques to deal with them. In particular, that Holy Devil-suppressing seal was a nightmare for demons.

Chen Xiang said: "If I were to give you the profoundbing, you would let me go. I will give it to you, but I’m afraid that you all are unwilling."

The middle-aged man became impatient and his voice became even colder, "Of course, you must be our slave."

Chen Xiang laughed coldly, "Since that’s the case, you all must die."

Once the word "die" was said, Chen Xiang stepped onto the Shrinking step, his body emitted a burst of cyan light, and flew towards the group of Ice Demon Beasts at an extremely fast speed.

In an instant, Chen Xiang entered the group of ice demons. This action made it hard for the group of Fire Divine Palace people to understand, because in their eyes, this was an act of seeking death, even though Chen Xiang’s speed surprised them.

However, they soon felt that something was wrong, because they could sense a very strong aura of a dragon.

Chen Xiang had already taken out his Green dragon demon-slain broadsword. When he flew over, he released the Devil-suppressing holy power and used it to slash at the ice demon riding on top of a giant wolf.

The appearance of the Devil-suppressing holy power caused these Ice Demons to feel extremely terrified. They all shouted out in a high-pitched voice that caused one’s hair to stand on end, and their bodies even released a very strong ice-cold aura that instantly condensed into a thick layer of ice armor to protect their bodies.

The Green dragon demon-slain broadsword s were poured into the berserk Devil-suppressing holy power, causing this divine blade to become millions of kilograms heavy. When it violently slashed down, the wave of strong pressure that it emitted collided with the cold energy, and like thunder, it cut down everything in its path.

A rumbling sound was heard, followed by a sharp scream. Before the ice demon could even touch Chen Xiang’s divine blade, its body was crushed by the strong air pressure.

By the time the God’s Saber had completely slashed onto the ice man’s body, the ice man’s body had already shattered, and the huge wolf beneath him was also split into two by Chen Xiang.

In just an instant, Chen Xiang killed an Ice Demon.

Under normal circumstances, this Ice Demon would be extremely strong, especially with its defensive power. However, facing Chen Xiang’s divine blade and Devil-suppressing holy power, it couldn’t even withstand a single blow.

"Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, it’s Chen Xiang." The people of Fire Divine Palace panicked.

Chen Xiang’s Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and Devil-suppressing holy power were both the nemesis of demons and had a very strong killing power towards them.

Seeing these demons with the powerful Icy cold power so weak, Chen Xiang was overjoyed. As expected, these Ice Demons were afraid of the Devil-suppressing holy power and the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword.

"Quickly kill him." The middle-aged man from Devil-suppressing Divine Palace shouted.

Chen Xiang had already leapt to the top. At this time, the group of Ice Demons on the ground all threw ice spears, as waves of angered and sharp cries came out of their mouths.

Shua, with a slash from Chen Xiang, the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword suddenly grew in length and dozens of them appeared. They were like a gigantic fan that enveloped the ice demon and ice beast below and shattered those ice spears.

Before, when the Demon Master of the Heaven Thunder Purgatory was facing Chen Xiang’s Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and Devil-suppressing holy power, he had felt that they posed a great threat, but now, these ice men were like paper in Chen Xiang’s eyes.

What was even more terrifying was that when the wave of sword shadows from the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword pressed down, a loud noise came out. The sound of thunder was actually the power of the tenth layer of Devil-suppressing power.

All sorts of violent powers exploded out at the same time, enveloping downwards and colliding onto the ice ground. Those ice men and beasts were smashed into pieces by Chen Xiang’s blade as if they were made of mud.

"Kill him." The people from the Fire Divine Palace were shocked. They never thought that Chen Xiang would actually be so powerful, killing off the group of powerful Ice Demons and Ice Beasts with a few breaths. They thought that it was all because of the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, and this made them even more anxious to snatch it.

After Chen Xiang slashed his blade down, he immediately rushed towards the group of people from Fire Divine Palace. With that speed, it could be said to be terrifying, and in half a blink of an eye, he charged into the crowd.

Blood blossomed into the air. The berserk Dragon Power, accompanied by a terrifying killing intent, surged out and filled the entire ice barrier, causing people to feel as if millions of lives had been lost in this battlefield, and Chen Xiang was the god of death here.