Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"I had thought that the Spirit Demons of the Demon Charming Association were all female. Could it be that all of you are like us, able to turn one of you into a male when you need them?" An extremely handsome man with phoenix eyes said with a magnetic voice.

This handsome man’s palms were pressed tightly against Lv Qinlian’s jade palms. His palms were actually as beautiful as Lv Qinlian’s, and they were even more slender and tender.

The two demon kings were fighting each other. This was an extremely dangerous action.

"Evil Snake King, shouldn’t you worry about your subordinates now?" Lv Qinlian’s voice was cold, but she secretly heaved a sigh of relief in her heart. Even though she and Evil Snake King were far away, she could still see the situation from afar. She knew that Chen Xiang was here, so with him here, her Demon Charming Association demon would be much safer.

If we work together, then Di Tian will become our world in the future. If we work together, we can steal the resources that Di Tian has now, and that will allow us to progress further in our strength, but right now, we are only sharing the resources evenly, don’t tell me that you are willing to continue like this, and wait for Di Tian to return to how he was back then, for the experts of the Nine Heavens of Heaven Realm to rush over, there is simply no place for you to speak. Evil Snake King said, a pair of beautiful eyes that could make women jealous filled with enchantment.

"Let me be your woman. Pfft, don’t even think about it. Back then, before I transformed into a human, I was almost swallowed by you several times. I don’t want to be with someone like you who wants to swallow me at any moment." Lv Qinlian shouted in anger.

"Don’t you like men? Then I can become a woman as well." Evil Snake King laughed out loud.

"Hmph." Lv Qinlian was secretly anxious. She really wanted to release the bizarre Poisonous scent on her body, but no matter how she thought about it, those Poisonous scent would not come out. She still could not completely control them.

If she used Drunk god powder s, then she was also worried that Evil Snake King would be able to escape even if she was poisoned. When the time came, they would spread the rumours that she possessed this unique poison, and she would be in even more danger.

"Actually, I quite admire you. You’ve already gotten used to using poison, I didn’t think that the Innate Qi in your body would be so powerful." The Evil Snake King said.

"You should care about your men." Lv Qinlian was paying attention to where Chen Xiang was, and the sturdy snake demon that was flying towards Chen Xiang made her feel uneasy.

As long as that brat dies, all of your imps will fall into our hands. That is the last resort that I left behind, you and I both know, the reason why we are unable to continue staying in the Heaven Realm is because we do not have much power in the middle levels, and are all small fries. If not for us, who are King level existences, we would have all been captured by him.

Although many of Evil Snake King’s subordinates had been killed, he did not feel any heartache at all.

"This time, you will definitely lose to me. I can already see the fear hidden deep within your eyes. You are worried about your little demoness. You worry too much and you will never be able to progress." The Evil Snake King laughed sinisterly.

Lv Qinlian shouted coldly, "Shut up, the one who will definitely lose is you. When have you ever been able to defeat me, you heartless and heartless fellow, let alone me, you will never understand the power a group possesses. This is also the reason why Ten Heavens Supreme Lord could be called emperor for many years."

The one standing in front of Chen Xiang was a sturdy giant who was taller than him. He held a gigantic Wolf Teeth Club in his hands, and his fierce-looking face was filled with malevolence and killing intent. A pair of eyes that were filled with a strange green light was staring at Chen Xiang.

"Human, I never thought that you would actually be together with these spirit demons. The spirit demons from Demon Charming Association are beginning to raise men, haha ..."

While laughing, this big fellow swung his staff horizontally, the strength behind it was very terrifying. It caused the space to fluctuate, and it seemed like it was about to split open.

The most shocking thing was that this was only the strength of the physical body.

The Spirit Demon girls who were hiding in the distance were all shocked, their hearts full of worry for Chen Xiang. They could tell that the big guy was much stronger than Chen Xiang.

That is the Evil Snake Mountain’s Snake General, we do not know how strong this kind of Snake General is, but we do know that their bodies are soaked in some evil techniques, not only their bodies are strong, the Evil Force in their bodies are also like that, Young Master Shen, you have to be careful. None of them were stupid, they had already figured out Chen Xiang’s identity. Only Chen Xiang was able to use the Devil-suppressing holy power and control its profoundness. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Although he had strong limbs, his brain was not simple at all. He laughed sarcastically: "A guy like you should become a woman, you don’t have the guts to accept the challenge, you’re not even comparable to those female demons."

A cyan light flashed in Chen Xiang’s palm, and a large cyan shining blade appeared out of nowhere. The blade was surrounded by cyan dragon mist, and as Chen Xiang injected the Devil-suppressing holy power, it released a golden mist, accompanied by a weak dragon cry.

Green dragon demon-slain broadsword.

Originally, he was relatively calm, but in his heart, there was an unspeakable unease. Originally, he had victory in his grasp, but suddenly a Chen Xiang appeared out of nowhere.

"You ... You are Chen Xiang. " The snake general looked at the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword in Chen Xiang’s hands and felt an incomparable threat. When the light shone on his body, it was as if flames were burning his body.

Chen Xiang sneered: "Originally, I only liked using this blade to slay dragons. Seeing that your snake has some power, I will let you die with this blade."

The snake general was furious in his heart, he raised his spiked mace and flew towards Chen Xiang, his speed suddenly increasing.

"Damn human, don’t think that you can use this blade to kill me. I am not one of those useless soldiers." The snake would let out an earth-shaking roar, allowing him to dispel the fear he had of the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword.

Chen Xiang laughed in his heart. There were many shrimp soldiers and crab generals who died under his blade, but there were also many powerful fellows like the Prince Imperial Dragon.

The mace swung wildly, emitting waves of terrifying evil Qi. It was as if a demon from hell was howling miserably; it was absolutely horrifying.

Chen Xiang had already revealed his identity, and was not concealing his strength at all right now. Taking a step forward, the Shrinking step skillfully dodged, and at the same time brandishing out the divine blade, the Devil-suppressing holy power flowed endlessly, charging into the divine blade.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

In that instant, an incomparably shocking sound resounded through the horizon, shaking the heavens. The burst of holy light was even brighter than sunlight, causing the sun and moon to lose their luster.

The ground had been destroyed to the point that it was full of holes and dust was flying everywhere. But at this time, he could see a very safe and broad back figure.

Following the scattering of the dust, those charming female demon spirits whose faces were filled with fear saw that the snake general’s Wolf Fanged Mace had already exploded into a mess, scattering all over the ground.

"This snake general’s body is so strong, yet it still can’t block one of his slashes. Dragon Subduing School’s Leader is indeed as strong as the rumors say."

"He is good-looking, and his strength is so strong. Fortunately, we did not make him our enemy and even established a good relationship with him. Otherwise, the consequences would have been unimaginable."

"No wonder elder sister treats him so well. So he isn’t an ordinary brat."

The Spirit Demon beings behind were all discussing, their eyes flickering with the light of love as they looked at Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang slowly let out a breath of golden mist. Just now, he had used the power of the Holy Devil-suppressing seal in order to heavily injure the Snake General with that blade.

He paused for a moment, allowing the Innate Qi in his body to become much smoother, and immediately traveled through space, arriving in front of the Snake General.

One of the arms of the Snake General was destroyed, but the other was completely undamaged. However, the moment he raised his foot, he was ruthlessly kicked by Chen Xiang, the bottom of his feet was filled with golden Devil-suppressing holy power, and upon stepping on it, ten thunderclaps suddenly sounded out, the power of the Devil Subduing Method pierced through the thick arm, and was crushed to pieces by Chen Xiang’s stomp, as though he was stepping on tree juice.

Chen Xiang looked at the roaring snake general indifferently, he kept his Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and said with disdain: "Looks like you are not worthy enough for me to use this blade to kill you."

Finished speaking, Chen Xiang’s fist was like cast gold, spitting out power that shook the earth, he punched towards the snake general’s head.