Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Evil Snake King did not die, so he would make a comeback in the future. However, Chen Xiang was really looking forward to that moment, he was confident that if there was a day he could definitely kill the Evil Snake King’s main body.

More than ten days had passed since Chen Xiang helped the Demon Charming Association. He was in a very secretive place, using the Chaos Divine Eye to look through the Primordial profoundbing that he snatched from the underground palace.

He had looked at more than a hundred pieces consecutively, but he did not find anything inside. Although the special cold power released by the profoundbing was extremely strong, from their outer appearance, they were all top-grade items. If he were to auction them, he was sure that they would fetch a high price.

"What the f * ck! There’s already more than a thousand pieces of Archaic profoundbing, not even a single one is inside!" Chen Xiang laid on his back on the ground, rubbing the opened Chaos Divine Eye between his brows with both hands. At this moment, he was in the belly of a mountain, his face full of fatigue. After looking carefully at so many profoundbing s for more than ten days in a row, it was impossible for him to not be tired.

These profoundbing all looked very good, but there were more than a thousand of them now, and there was nothing inside, which made Chen Xiang extremely disappointed. Of course, he could sell these profoundbing or give them to him to use as profoundbing pills, as the value of using them was still very high.

"The last time I entered those underground palaces, I heard those guys mention that the profoundbing would. Maybe when the time came, I would be able to get profoundbing with treasures."

Chen Xiang suddenly thought of this matter, and the profoundbing conference was about to begin. He did not continue to look at the remaining two thousand profoundbing, that would take too much time, if he finished, he would not be able to participate in the profoundbing conference.

"I still have two Treasure Chests. When I have time, I will think of a way to replenish the energy in the Ice dragon sword’s sheath and open those two Treasure Chests." Chen Xiang had always been thinking about the two Treasure Chests, but it would be extremely difficult for him to replenish the power of the Ice dragon sword’s sheath.

Chen Xiang did not have that kind of patience, he also believed that he would be able to find the power to replenish the key and open the remaining two Treasure Chests.

The Hammer of God that he had gotten from opening the Treasure Chest last time was a supreme treasure. This could allow him to avoid using Green dragon demon-slain broadsword in the future, and at least have a powerful weapon that he could use.

Chen Xiang used a large number of Spar s and finally understood what was going on with the profoundbing.

The profoundbing would be held in the "profound Ice City", and the profound Ice City would be located at the outskirts of the profound Cold Ancient Realm, where the Transmission array would exist. In that way, the Northern Goblin City, which the Demon Charming Association was in control of, would lose its advantage, but the Demon Charming Association did not care at the moment, as Lv Qinlian needed to recuperate from her injuries.

Therefore, when Lv Qinlian had initially decided to withdraw from the New Imperial Heaven World’s competition, he had also considered this point. Her Demon Charming Association had a lot of resources, after quitting, she had transferred all her assets to him, and had also gained a large sum.

At first, Chen Xiang thought that the profound Ice City was a city covered in snow and ice, but after arriving here, he found it hard to believe that the profound Ice City was located in the snow and ice outside the profound Cold Ancient Realm.

The only difference was that the entire city was enveloped by a faintly golden barrier of air that could be seen with the naked eye. The cold wind could not blow in, and the ice and snow would not appear here either. The light from the outside penetrated through the barrier of light, making the entire city seem as if it was being illuminated by warm sunlight.

To be able to create such a city meant that the power that controlled the city had set its sights on it, and used its greatest strength to build the city well, attracting a large number of people. From this, it could also mean that the power that controlled the city was very powerful, because the powerful formation that enveloped the city was not something that a normal power could build.

The qualifications to participate in the profoundbing s meeting in profound Ice City is very high, one must either have high quality profoundbing s with stones, or have three hundred billion Spar s, because when the profoundbing meets, there will be giant auctions, or gambling with profoundbing s, and the activities of profoundbing exhibitions will all require a large number of Spar s.

The profoundbing s were divided into four ranks, upper, middle, and top. The lower tier was the worst, and of course, this was determined by the cold Qi and appearance that the profoundbing released. Due to psychological effects, many people believed that this kind of profoundbing had a higher chance of producing treasures.

Chen Xiang obtained the qualifications to have three hundred billion Spar, it was not like he did not have ten high quality profoundbing s. He had over three thousand of these profoundbing, it was just that he stole all of these profoundbing, if he took them out, they would definitely recognize him.

Although he did not know which power was in charge of the profound Ice City, Chen Xiang could roughly guess that only the Fire Divine Palace had this kind of arm.

Regardless if it was held by the Fire Divine Palace, Chen Xiang planned to join in the fun. If he saw profoundbing s with treasures inside, he would use any means to get them.

After obtaining the qualifications to participate in this Great Assembly, Chen Xiang waited in a restaurant to begin.

After a few days passed, Chen Xiang could hear people exclaiming in the streets every day, saying that some important figures or big shots of some kind had come. Although Chen Xiang did not know who those big shots were and he had not heard of them, he knew that there were a lot of strong people who had come to participate in the profoundbing Conference, and they seemed to be newly formed powers.

In the morning, Chen Xiang was walking on a wide and uninhabited street. Because of the profoundbing s meeting, this street was sealed today, and only those who had qualifications to participate in the profoundbing s meeting could enter.

When Chen Xiang arrived at the entrance, he could feel a very familiar fire aura. It belonged to the Fire Divine Palace, but this could only mean that the Fire Divine Palace was participating in the competition, which did not mean that this villa was the lair of the Fire Divine Palace. However, it made Chen Xiang more or less certain that this profound Ice City was somehow related to the Fire Divine Palace, or it could be done by the Fire Divine Palace allied forces.

The villa was called the Raging Flames Villa. Upon entering the villa, he immediately felt a warm wave of heat that made his body feel indescribably comfortable.

Entering the Villa, Chen Xiang heard the question of the servants guarding the road and knew where the main hall was. That was the place where the profoundbing s were displayed, and was also the place where the participants of the profoundbing s meeting would show off the unique profoundbing s that he had obtained. If anyone had their eyes on them, he could directly buy them here, but the prices required both parties to communicate with each other. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

There were at least three hundred billion Spar, or ten high quality profoundbing, and a few mid quality profoundbing that were able to participate in the profoundbing s. Although they couldn’t be sure that there were treasures in the profoundbing s, they were all expensive.

When Chen Xiang arrived at the Exhibition Hall, he saw that there were trillions of ancient profoundbing s called Gold dragon ice s. They were dazzling in gold and looked like a golden dragon made out of gold, hovering above a pillar while holding a golden pearl in its mouth.

A naturally formed profoundbing could look like this, it was truly strange. Furthermore, the cold Qi that the Gold dragon ice was releasing was also very strong, it was much stronger than the high quality profoundbing.

Chen Xiang strolled around a few times, and finally stood in front of the Gold dragon ice, and then carefully looked at it. He could use the Chaos Divine Eye to look at the extremely valuable treasures inside, because he also felt that this Gold dragon ice was very special.

There were a lot of people watching the Gold dragon ice, and it wasn’t easy for Chen Xiang to squeeze in, so he could look even more closely, and he heard the people around talking about the Gold dragon ice. Most people thought that the Gold dragon ice had good things, but no one bought them, because the price of the Gold dragon ice was 1.8 trillion.

There were many people who wanted to buy it, but they were embarrassed and could only drool. They cursed the wastrel who took out the Gold dragon ice to sell, this sort of thing should have been left for them to sell, they actually dared to take it out.

Chen Xiang snickered in his heart, because more and more people used the profoundbing’s appearance to determine if there were any treasures inside.

If it was possible, Chen Xiang would really like to see those normal profoundbing, because he felt that the possibility of these normal profoundbing having treasures was much higher than those beautiful profoundbing. The more than three thousand profoundbing he got from the Fire Divine Palace already had a thousand of them, but they did not have any treasures right now.