Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

In the blink of an eye, Chen Xiang was trapped for over a month. When he was at the auction house, many people were there, so it was difficult to hide the matter, and Fire Divine Palace did not plan to hide it from the beginning. Furthermore, he even spread the news of Chen Xiang being captured.

The reason why Chen Xiang was captured was because he was causing trouble at the profoundbing s’ association. However, Chen Xiang did not have any soldiers, this was all made up by the Fire Divine Palace, if Chen Xiang knew about this, he would be even angrier.

Many of Chen Xiang’s acquaintances knew that he had been captured, but most of them were very calm and did not plan to save him. This was because in a place where even Chen Xiang was trapped, they were also unable to rescue him.

Even Chen Xiang had been trapped there, so if they were to go, they would definitely be caught. Although they were a little anxious in their hearts, if they were to go, it might even cause trouble for Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang did not wish for others to come and save him. Of course, if it was the White Tiger, he would be very happy to see it. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"It’s finally enough for five thousand sets of Qi Shen Dan s." Chen Xiang had been busy for more than a month. If the Fire Divine Palace had this kind of crazy ability, he would definitely vomit blood, because this was simply too dangerous. Trapping Chen Xiang was equivalent to allowing him to cultivate and raise his strength in peace.

Chen Xiang hated the feeling of being sealed up by someone, so in order to quickly leave this place, he would definitely increase his strength and allow himself to leave this damned place as soon as possible.

To prevent others from spying on him, Chen Xiang took out some materials from the ring and built a house in the hall. Then, he set up a variety of formations in the house to prevent others from spying on his body.

Dawan refining method could refine many batches of pills at the same time, especially those that Chen Xiang had mastered them extremely well. If others saw this, they would be in great danger, because the White Tiger had warned him not to reveal anything regarding the Heavenly Alchemy.

The Heavenly Alchemy was something that was even scarier than the Heaven Earth Killing Method, so he was extremely cautious in this regard.

"This place should be enough for 15 batches of ingredients."

This was what Chen Xiang had planned to do when he wanted to refine five thousand sets of super Qi Shen Dan s. He would first use the Dawan refining method to burn the medicinal ingredients to a certain degree at the same time, and then transfer the mostly burnt Medicine aura s and medicinal powders into the Yanlong furnace for fusion.

In this way, he would be able to increase his speed.

If it was in a place where the spiritual energy outside was dense, he could absorb a large amount of it into his body and release a very strong flame. It could instantly melt the Qi Shen Dan’s medicine because he could establish a connection with the Qi Shen Dan’s medicine and incinerate it from the inside.

Chen Xiang placed the Yanlong furnace in the middle, let out a low growl, and activated Dawan refining method, condensing fifteen translucent pale golden pill furnaces and surrounding the Yanlong furnace in the middle.

"Fire Divine Palace, it would be best if you all don’t trap me for ten years. If you really do trap me for ten years, it would be hard to say just how far my strength will reach." Chen Xiang thought.

A super Qi Shen Dan with five thousand sets of medicinal ingredients was considerably strong, equivalent to a Heaven level Pill. This was something that only Chen Xiang could refine with such a strong foundation.

This was all to leave this place and punish Fire Divine Palace.

The fifteen batches of Qi Shen Dan began to refine. The flames within the pill furnace burned the medicinal ingredients and the red light within flickered, illuminating the entire room. The strong light even emitted a slight warmth, causing one to feel extremely comfortable.

Very quickly, the medicinal ingredients in the fifteen pill furnaces had reached the stage where they could be refined. Chen Xiang immediately placed the refined Medicine aura and medicinal powders inside, then started to refine another fifteen batches. At the same time, he also had to control the fusion of the Medicine aura and medicinal powders inside the Yanlong furnace.

He would have to repeat this many times, and the more last, the more pressure he would feel, because at that time, the Yanlong furnace would already have absorbed a large amount of medicinal ingredients.

... .... "Senior Sister ... Brother, he’s been captured by the Fire Divine Palace, I really want to save him. " After Leng Youlan was caught, she shouted to Xue Xianxian everyday. She knew that her strength was limited, and saving Chen Xiang was like a moth to a flame, but she was very anxious, so she could only do this to ease her emotions.

Xue Xianxian was the same, but she was very clear on the reason behind Fire Divine Palace’s actions. Fire Divine Palace did not kill Chen Xiang, but instead trapped him, and from this, it could be seen that they had other plans. She did not believe that Fire Divine Palace had the ability to trap Chen Xiang, but they could not kill Chen Xiang on the way.

I think that the Fire Divine Palace will definitely trap him for a very long time. I want to see if there are any powerful people who can save him. Xue Xianxian’s face sank. "Maybe it’s against Dragon Subduing City, or maybe it’s against Chen Martial Continent ... and those of us who are closest to him. "

Leng Youlan shouted angrily: "These bastards, they must come when the time comes, let’s see how this old lady will kill them."

Xue Xianxian nodded his head: "So we don’t need to trouble your brother, we only need to increase our strength, and don’t let him get away with it. Your brother has too many good things on him, and furthermore, he can endure the torture.

"Now that the Demon Charming Association has retreated, and with so many people watching us at the place where the Chen Martial Continent is, the only powerful Dragon Subduing School has been captured. In the following days, we should guard the Chen Martial Continent well and not let anyone else occupy it."

Leng Youlan nodded her head heavily, she wanted someone to come to the Chen Martial Continent to cause trouble, when that happened, she would be able to use her skills to eliminate those bastards.

Due to the fact that Chen Xiang was captured by the Fire Divine Palace, the various powerhouses of the Chen Martial Continent started to get nervous once again. Earlier, when the Demon Charming Association had hidden himself to retreat, they were already prepared to go to war with him at any time, and now that Chen Xiang was captured, it meant that the Chen Martial Continent had lost the last of the powerful forces to protect them.

Inside Dragon Subduing City, Li Baojun and the rest were also discussing.

"If there really is a day that we have to go to the Chen Martial Continent to assist them, many people would think that it would be easy to take down the Dragon Subduing City without Chen Xiang here. Actually they are wrong, the Dragon Subduing City’s powerful defense is not something they can imagine." Li Baojun said.

Duan Sanchang nodded his head: "We must pry more news about them during this period of time, and we must also use this time to increase our strength, those fellows won’t take any action in the near future, it might take a few years until they are sure that the Great Clan Elder won’t go save the Leader, then they will take action."

Earlier, the outside world had heard that although the Great Clan Elder of the Dragon Subduing School was incomparably powerful, his movements were secretive, and even Chen Xiang was unable to find him for a short period of time. If they did not save Chen Xiang for a long period of time, the great powers who coveted for the Chen Martial Continent would dare to take action.

"Send someone to the Devil-subduing College to notify him. The principal there is on good terms with the Leader and he can look after him when the time comes." Li Baojun said.

"Then what about Leader, I don’t want to save him anymore." Lan Lan asked.

If the Great Clan Elder does not appear, then only he will be able to save himself. Regarding his ability, we do not need to doubt it, we just need to protect this place well, and at that time, we can just support the Chen Martial Continent. "Su Yun said. Li Baojun said.

Yan Yanran said: "Then I will focus on spying on the Fire Divine Palace and create some rumors, letting those powers that want to curry favor with the Fire Divine Palace know about some of Fire Divine Palace’s dirty secrets, and then discredit the Fire Divine Palace."

Everyone divided their work. Although their strengths weren’t very strong, their movements were extremely strong. With Duan Sanchang, the God of Escape, here, they had learnt a lot of abilities to escape.

Inside the White Tiger profound Realm, the White Tiger had already found out about the news, and it was from the Patriarch of the White Tiger Fighting Race, Bai Zhan.

"Prophet, are we not going to save him?" Bai Zhan asked.

Instead of saving him, it’s a good thing. I believe his friends are aware of this, so I won’t allow any too strong people to cause trouble in the Chen Martial Continent. This is New Imperial Heaven World, it’s the heaven and earth of the new generation. The White Tiger said.