Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

After Chen Xiang saw this person, he immediately took out the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword. It was because he felt that this person had a very strong killing intent towards him, as if this person was born to kill him.

This was an extremely ordinary looking man. He was dressed in black, with lifeless eyes, as though he was someone who had received a severe head injury, and his expression looked foolish, although it was so, but this person’s body was releasing a powerful force, and the killing intent was extremely dense, causing Chen Xiang to be on guard.

"Who are you?" Chen Xiang shouted as he looked at his opponent.

"I am the Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit, the person who has come to kill you." This person’s voice did not contain the slightest bit of emotion as he lightly glanced at Chen Xiang with his empty eyes: "A person like you, you must not be allowed to live, you must be eliminated."

"Get rid of your sister."

Since the other party had already said so, Chen Xiang was not courteous at all. Raising his blade, he flashed over, aimed at the man’s neck and slashed out a slash at lightning speed, slashing out a Dragon Power that shook the air, with a rumbling sound, in an instant, the divine blade in Chen Xiang’s hand sliced past the neck of the "Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit".

But what was truly frightening was that Chen Xiang’s powerful slash just now was like a chop in the air, it did not harm a single hair on that person’s body, and although that person’s body was translucent, he could still speak, so that person should be a living person without a mistake. Even if it was a soul-type, that slash just now would have been scattered.

This guy is not a human, he is just a spirit, and should be called a tribulation spirit. Didn’t he just say that he himself is a Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit, so he came here specifically to kill you? That’s right, this guy is the seventh tribulation Nirvana Doom that you have to go through. Long Xueyi said.

He never thought that his seventh tribulation would actually be like this. As for that hollow spirit body, he naturally understood that it was the Ancient Spirit Clan’s very strong Inherent Skill. Gu Dongchen only knew how to use it, and this Inherent Skill could make his body feel like air, and would not be able to injure him.

"How strong is this guy?" Chen Xiang held onto the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword tightly, staring at the seemingly emotionless Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit, he felt the strange killing intent from the Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit.

Chen Xiang was also slightly angry in his heart, making him feel as if he was not welcome by the heavens.

"Very strong."

Long Xueyi only had two words, and her understanding of these Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit s also only amounted to this much.

"Die." The Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit said indifferently. Just as he said that, Chen Xiang felt a sharp pain from his chest, and he also felt his breastbone breaking. Following that, an incomparable pain came from his chest, a tearing pain that caused him to scream out loud, and fresh blood spurted out along with his scream.

"Bastard."

Chen Xiang lied on the ground and looked at the Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit. Previously, he did not see nor did he sense that the Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit had attacked him, yet he was struck by a heavy punch. If not for the protection of the profoundwu diamond armour, that punch would have penetrated his chest and destroyed his heart.

This Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit was truly powerful, to even be able to beat Chen Xiang up to the ground without him being able to detect anything.

"He didn’t die. Continue to kill." Just as Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit finished speaking, Chen Xiang immediately rolled on the ground. Just as he turned around, there was an extra footprint on the ground where he laid, and the entire auction place was shaking for a bit, causing the Fire Divine Palace people outside to be alarmed, afraid that Chen Xiang would run out.

Chen Xiang’s heart still had some lingering fear, because that kick just now was aimed at his head. If he hadn’t dodged it, the consequences would have been obvious.

It was understandable for this Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit to be so strong, since the powerful Robbery power had produced something that had such intelligence. Although the type of Nirvana Doom that he had endured before was very strong, it did not concentrate all of his strength, and it was all just a large area of attacks. And this Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit in front of him, not only did it not waste a large amount of Robbery power, but also had an extremely lethal attack which made it difficult for Chen Xiang.

With the last two times, Chen Xiang became even more vigilant, releasing all of his divine power to observe his surroundings.

The speed was so fast that Chen Xiang could not see it, and he did not dare to block it either, so he could only avoid it, because with this kind of ethereal body, you could not hit him, but he could hit you instead.

"This guy hasn’t fully grown yet. I feel that he is slowly growing stronger, probably devouring the energy outside, and making himself stronger. This isn’t a good thing for you. It’s best if you kill him before he fully matures." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang also wanted to, but he didn’t even have the chance to retaliate, it was already good enough that he didn’t get beaten up. But more importantly, he didn’t even know how to attack this Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit with an ethereal body.

"Don’t you have a Philosophic stone? Try using a Philosophic stone. This thing is very mysterious, you should know how to deal with this Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang secretly cursed himself for being so negligent, and actually did not think of this. The Philosophic stone could comprehend everything about the natural way, and was extremely profound. It might be possible for him to pry into the Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit’s weakness.

He immediately took out the Philosophic stone, and at the same time, he felt a strong Qi approaching him, so he quickly dodged. At the same time, he also channeled his divine power into the Philosophic stone, and unknowingly, a diagram of the Innate Qi appeared in his mind.

"This is it, this is the power that can attack this guy." Chen Xiang was ecstatic. Under this state, the overlaid berserk Dragon Power struck the punch that was aimed at his forehead.

Bang, a loud sound echoed from inside the seal. It was the first time Chen Xiang had touched this Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit, and his entire arm was numb, he had retreated dozens of steps, and the Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit had only taken a few steps back. It was clear that there was a huge gap in strength between the two of them.

"This guy is really strong, I just like to fight with guys like him who are much stronger than me." Chen Xiang took out the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword. Just now, from the Philosophic stone, he learnt that this kind of body that could deal with hollow spirits could be created by him using a little bit of Innate Qi to circulate the power of this body.

"Stop resisting." Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit said indifferently, his body suddenly released a burst of gold light, and then disappeared.

Chen Xiang was shocked, he only felt that he was surrounded by the Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit’s Qi from all directions, he did not know which side the Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit would come from.

"Up ahead." Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Chen Xiang sensed it, and just as he was about to attack, he suddenly realized that he could not move at all. His legs were grabbed by a pair of hands that came out from the ground, both of his wrists were held by two hands that appeared out of thin air, and his waist was held tightly by two arms.

Chen Xiang never thought that this would happen. Seeing that the strong enemy was attacking at him but he could not even move, he could only allow the enemy to destroy his body.

Boom! Boom! Boom!...

The Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit’s fists were glowing with a golden light and each of his punches would hit Chen Xiang’s body causing explosions. The Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit’s punches were extremely ferocious, as if he wanted to punch through Chen Xiang’s body with his punches, but he was unable to do so.

"Don’t think I’m easy to bully." Chen Xiang roared, his body had already been punched for hundreds of times, even though he had the protection of the profoundwu diamond armour s, but the shock wave from the punch seemed to be able to break all the bones in his body.

Following his furious roar, a golden gale burst out from his mouth, bringing along flashing cyan lightning as it rushed towards the upper half of Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit, instantly engulfing the entire Heavenly Spirit Realm.

Chen Xiang finally hit the Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit, and the hand that was holding onto him disappeared as well. After struggling free, he took out the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and chased after it, slashing down fiercely at the Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit, and in that instant, there were dozens of heavy blades, the blades had all trembled the ground, the impact causing the air to explode and it was extremely scary.

Chen Xiang did not expect that the Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit would have flesh and blood. However, what made him curse was, the Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit that was chopped into pieces, actually came back to life. He knew how to reform himself, and his speed was extremely fast.