Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"You can’t kill him?"

Chen Xiang avoided the kick sent by the Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit, he was extremely anxious. At this moment, he could feel that the Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit was becoming more and more powerful, if he was still unable to defeat it, it would be very difficult for him.

Outside, the two array discs were absorbing a huge amount of energy, the people of Fire Divine Palace kept on taking out Spar s, maintaining the array’s operation. If it stopped, Chen Xiang might just run out, they were very worried about this.

And this was all because the Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit was absorbing the energy outside, strengthening himself, so that he could kill Chen Xiang.

"Without the overwhelming superpower, it would be very difficult to defeat him. However, he is not invincible. He would need a very powerful strength to use his Void Spirit Body or to reconstruct his body." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang shouted angrily at the Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit, and attacked again. This time, he used the third killing move from the Heaven Earth Killing Method, fusing three of them together, the star diagram above his head, the mountain and river beneath his feet, the Killing-god heart in his heart beating, releasing waves after waves of terrifying killing intent. It merged with the divine power in his Divine Sense Sea, turning into a type of "momentum", causing his strength to become even more powerful, as though he was a powerful fighting spirit.

The Divine Blade slashed out, releasing a dragon cry in all directions, and the green dragon soared out. Its eyes flickered with a red light, baring its fangs and brandishing its claws, it rushed towards Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit.

Roar!

The dragon’s roar shook the earth, and when the green dragon shaped power rushed forward, the Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit wanted to dodge, but he was still a bit slow, his body was struck by the dragon head ruthlessly, the berserk power ripping the Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit into dozens of pieces.

Chen Xiang’s eyes suddenly lit up, although the Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit was very strong, his body was very weak, facing such a strong attack, he actually broke it, and even if it could be reformed, it was still a big weakness of his, and such a process would consume a lot of energy.

"You’re nothing special." Chen Xiang ran over and slapped his palm down towards the few pieces of flesh on the ground. The strong force that was surging through his body transformed into a huge flaming palm that ruthlessly smashed into the pieces on the ground, turning them into ashes.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Chen Xiang quickly struck his palms a few times, causing all the flesh on the ground to turn into dust. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

However, the Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit was not destroyed, and unexpectedly appeared right in front of Chen Xiang. Even if he did not have a physical body, he could still reform it.

"This guy ..." I clearly used the God slain method, so his soul should have suffered some sort of severe injury as well. " Chen Xiang clenched his teeth and said.

"I will not die. As long as the heavens and the earth are still there, they will provide me with endless power until I kill you." Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit’s voice was ice cold. His expression was like someone looking down at an ant, as if he could pinch Chen Xiang to death anytime.

Chen Xiang laughed coldly: "Don’t think that you are invincible, aren’t you also unable to kill me. In my eyes, you are just a heartless dog that has been bestowed with great power.

While he was speaking, Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit had already attacked, releasing a powerful Qi, his power was actually stronger than before.

Bang! Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit fiercely punched Chen Xiang’s abdomen.

Chen Xiang was not able to dodge in time, his left rib was struck by the powerful force, causing the bones there to almost shatter, but he did not fly out, but retreated half a step and threw a palm towards Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit’s head instead. The violent power of the Heaven Blasting Palm smashed Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit’s head to pieces, and blood and flesh flew everywhere.

Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit increased his tempo. Although his head was blown off, his body was still in good condition as he quickly unleashed two more palm strikes, which shook space and struck towards Chen Xiang’s chest.

Chen Xiang only felt the bones in his chest being broken as pain flooded his body. The instant he was sent flying, he swept his leg towards Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit’s lower body and broke his thighs.

Chen Xiang endured the pain and took out a few pills to swallow.

"This guy’s body is just a piece of dregs, but when he attacks, every move will break the bones."

Long Xueyi said: "That’s for sure, this guy’s body has just been formed and is still unstable. Moreover, he doesn’t need a strong physical body, there’s no need for that."

"Looks like this guy really can’t be killed. Since that’s the case, I can only take the risk. I don’t believe that this move can’t kill him."

Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit was in the middle of condensing his head, and just when he was about to condense it, he was suddenly enveloped by a translucent golden pill furnace.

The Heavenly Alchemy was a super divine technique that could burn the heavens and the earth. Before, he had been warned by the White Tiger many times not to use it excessively, so he had restrained himself a lot and did not refine any more mountains. Now that the Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit was hard to deal with, he could only use this method to refine it.

Even the heavens could refine it. He believed that refining this spirit formed from the energy of heaven and earth shouldn’t be a difficult matter, and he might even be able to refine a powerful pill.

The Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit was very strong, if he wanted to refine him, he would have to stay inside the pill furnace obediently, or have an extremely strong divine power to trap him inside the pill furnace, preventing him from breaking through the pill furnace in a short period of time.

"Little Naughty Dragon, lend me your divine power." Chen Xiang sensed that the pill furnace was about to be broken through, and anxiously shouted.

Long Xueyi had already made such preparations a long time ago.

Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea suddenly surging with a vast and powerful divine power made Chen Xiang extremely shocked, he never thought that Long Xueyi’s divine power would be so strong, it was a good thing for him.

"Don’t think about it." Chen Xiang quickly fused with the God Power that Long Xueyi had transferred over, using it to stabilize the pill furnace.

This was a pill furnace condensed from the Heavenly Alchemy. According to the records of the Heavenly Alchemy, as long as one had sufficient strength, even the legendary gods would not be able to escape.

With such a powerful divine power, Long Xueyi was able to stabilize the furnace. Chen Xiang did not know where the Heavenly Alchemy came from, but he believed in its power.

Using the Heavenly Alchemy to refine things, doesn’t that require a lot of flames? These flames are formed from absorbing the energy of the world, and are close to the power of the heavenly fire. Long Xueyi asked. Seeing Chen Xiang using the Heavenly Alchemy to refine something powerful, she knew that she would get her hands on something.

Chen Xiang saw the anger on Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit’s face and could not help but laugh: "Don’t worry, there is a special method to deal with this kind of situation in the Heavenly Alchemy, especially this kind of Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit that is connected to the heaven and earth. He himself is a powerful force of nature, let him burn himself."

Suddenly, many Spirit grain s appeared outside the translucent pill furnace. Like threads, they gradually formed and filled the entire surface of the pill furnace.

Chen Xiang had created these based on the methods in the Heavenly Alchemy, these Spirit grain would produce a strange power, which could make the things in the pill furnace flow naturally.

Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit roared out, his body suddenly exploded and turned into a strong flame, burning the pill furnace.

After Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit’s body turned into flames, he immediately condensed a new body inside the furnace, then self-detonated inside the furnace, becoming flames again and again, causing the flames inside the furnace to become stronger and stronger. More than ten days later, Chen Xiang could not remember how many Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit’s bodies had turned into raging flames, but the flames inside the furnace were already strong enough, and only now did he begin to burn this Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit.

Su Meiyao asked in doubt: "Little Scoundrel, how is this guy going to refine the technique? Will he refine out a body and another one will appear?

Chen Xiang laughed: "That isn’t it, as long as I refine this fellow’s body until it is almost broken, there will be a slight pause, and when he recovers completely, we can continue to refine more. In this way, we can form many ’Medicine aura’.

He was obviously sent here to kill, but now he had fallen into someone else’s pill furnace, this was probably the first time Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit met with such treatment.

Although the Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit could injure Chen Xiang and break his bones, Chen Xiang’s recovery rate was also very strong, so it was difficult for them to have any results if this carried on, but it was different now, Chen Xiang did not need to fight, as he could continuously drain the energy of the Law Enforcement Heaven Spirit.