Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang also wanted to end the battle quickly, but Ice Emperor was still strong, if he wanted to defeat him, he would need a period of time, but time was of the essence.

The Ice Emperor was extremely powerful and could transform into a mist. Even if they hit him, he wouldn’t be harmed in the slightest, so it was no wonder that he could live for so long.

"In the past when I rampaged through the nine heavens and ten earth, almost everyone who provoked me had their souls destroyed. They didn’t even have the chance to reincarnate. Today’s fate is the same for you."

Ice Emperor suddenly appeared behind Chen Xiang, an ice sword in his hand, he pierced towards Chen Xiang like lightning, sword images erupted, enveloping Chen Xiang and releasing a wave of bone piercing Icy cold power, causing Chen Xiang to almost be frozen and unable to move.

"That was only you back then. If you were very powerful right now, you wouldn’t have fought with me like this. You would have already killed me." Chen Xiang bellowed, and released sound waves that scattered the Sword Qi, then he brandished the ice sword that flew towards Ice Emperor.

Ka-cha.

The ice sword that was condensed from cold energy was shattered by Chen Xiang with a single strike, turning into ice crystals.

Chen Xiang’s words stabbed into the sore spot of the Ice Emperor. Once a generation of emperors, they looked down upon everything in the world, but now they had fallen into a bitter battle with a nameless nobody. He believed that this was all because of the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord, causing his heart to be filled with rage.

"Quickly, I sensed someone was approaching this place with my Divine Sense outside and it was a large group of people." Long Xueyi shouted anxiously: "We can’t kill this guy, let’s go quickly."

If he were to continue fighting with the person in front of him, he felt that even if he did not die, his vitality would be greatly damaged. Especially that powerful hammer, which was as powerful as the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword that he had encountered before.

"This fellow is also made of flesh and blood. Since that’s the case, he should be afraid of poison as well." Chen Xiang thought, and then secretly activated the Magical corruption gas in his body.

If they missed this one time, it would be difficult for him to kill this Ice Emperor again. If the Ice Emperor regained his original strength, then it would undoubtedly make the Fire Divine Palace even more powerful.

"Even now, I can still kill you. You are just a weakling after all." The lower half of Ice Emperor turned into a cloud of mist, floating towards Chen Xiang, her jade like hands releasing a biting cold Qi, pushing out a burst of intense cold wind, enveloping Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang suddenly took a deep breath and used all his strength to travel through space, arriving behind the Ice Emperor. However, the Ice Emperor soldier did not notice it, because Chen Xiang had only teleported using an illusion.

However, Ice Emperor only sensed it in that instant. When he realized that it was an illusion, his entire body shivered, and a sense of danger that he had not experienced for many years suddenly emerged in his heart. This feeling of danger was even stronger than the feeling he had when he was facing the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord’s attack.

Ice Emperor, whose heart was filled with fear, suddenly roared out. However, Chen Xiang had already struck him with his palm.

This palm was no small matter, it contained a large amount of Magical corruption gas s and Drunk god powder s, they all poured into Ice Emperor’s body, the two strange poisons mixed together, the poison was even more terrifying, after entering Ice Emperor’s body, it exploded out, instantly paralyzing Ice Emperor’s power. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"This is ..." "What poison?" Ice Emperor was extremely frightened. He did not know what poison it was, but he knew that it was definitely a strange poison.

When the two strange poisons were combined together, there was a huge change in the poison’s properties. Even in Yan Jing, he did not discover what poison it was.

"The poison that sent you on your way." Chen Xiang bellowed.

Ice Emperor was completely powerless. He had not recovered his strength to the peak in the first place, but facing this kind of strange poison that was wreaking havoc, he was simply helpless. At this moment, he suddenly saw a familiar green light.

Chen Xiang took out his Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and hacked down with his blade. Quickly, accurately and ruthlessly, he hacked off Ice Emperor’s head.

However, the Ice Emperor did not die immediately. In the Primordial Era, out of the billions of people who stood out, how could someone who could become an Emperor be killed so easily?

Even if he was poisoned now, he couldn’t decompose his powerful body in such a short time.

"Green dragon demon-slain broadsword... Don’t think that you can just kill me like that. Even when the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord cut me into eighteen pieces, I was able to survive until now. " The Ice Emperor asked coldly, but he was still afraid in his heart, because he did not expect Chen Xiang to force him into this kind of danger so quickly.

"Go to hell and ask those guys who were killed by me. If you say that you were killed by a Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, they will definitely take the initiative to tell you who I am."

Chen Xiang waved his hand and scattered a layer of grayish-black powder. When it landed on the two halves of Ice Emperor’s body, it immediately released a cloud of black smoke that was actually corroding Ice Emperor’s powerful fleshly body.

Just a moment ago, this Ice Emperor was filled with a large number of Magical corruption gas and his body was not immediately decayed by the Magical corruption gas, but right now, he was being quickly corroded by the powder.

"Ah... is a mix of God-eclipse powder and something else... Bastard, you damned bastard, your fate will definitely be even worse than Ten Heavens Supreme Lord’s ... "Ah ..." The Ice Emperor wailed a few times as his body slowly melted.

These God-eclipse powder were all refined by Chen Xiang after he mixed a large number of them into the God-eclipse powder. He had refined them for a very long time, and only managed to refine a pinch of them.

Back then, when Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable was unable to exterminate the Poisonous Beast Devil God, he was also killed by this move of Chen Xiang’s. In this aspect, even Great Yan Jing would probably be inferior to him for ten days.

If you have to blame yourself, you can only blame the idiots Fire Divine Palace. If it wasn’t for them helping you revive and offend me at the same time, you might still be able to live for a very long time. "Su Yun said in a low voice.

Chen Xiang looked at the black purple liquid on the ground and released a blazing fire, burning it completely.

These people had originally wanted to rush into the warehouse, but after hearing from the Ice Emperor’s sound transmission, they were told to wait outside. When they found out that the Ice Emperor was going to personally take action, these people naturally felt at ease, but they did not know that the person the Ice Emperor was facing was Chen Xiang. Otherwise, they would not be waiting outside with a relaxed expression.

The hall master of the Fire Divine Palace came. When he stepped into the underground palace, he felt that something was amiss, and his face immediately turned deathly pale. Only he could clearly feel that the Ice Emperor’s aura had disappeared.

The fact that the Ice Emperor would not die, actually died, made the hall master find it hard to accept, and he almost lost his balance, because he knew what this meant. Even though the Nine Emperor Ten Kings had not received any news for many years, they were still alive, and it was very difficult for them to die, but now, a Ice Emperor had fallen here.

Chen Xiang had already left the underground palace, and it was a pity that he did not take out the Ice Emperor’s Heavenly Pellet, but even if he did, it would be useless. When he poured in the Magical corruption gas s and Drunk god powder s, the Heavenly Pellet was the first place to be poisoned, and the poison should have been condensed there.

The matter of reviving the Ice Emperor was originally something that was kept a secret. More than half of the Ice Emperor had resurrected, but they had died again, and this time they had truly died without a complete corpse, their souls scattered. To the emperor of a generation, this was a tragic death.

"This BingYan Jing was killed by his good friend the Fire Emperor. If it wasn’t for the fact that the Fire Emperor was in a rush to revive the Ice Emperor so that they could rule the Nine Heavens and Ten Earth, I might not have bumped into you." Long Xueyi laughed, "That old fellow from Fire Divine Palace nearly fainted when he found out about Ice Emperor."

"The good show is yet to come, who asked him to seal me, and he still wants Xianxian to threaten me, he’s the one courting death, don’t blame me." Chen Xiang dashed among the profound Cold Ancient Realm, currently he was in a very good mood.

Originally, Chen Xiang had planned to return to the profound Ice City, but he saw a group of people on his way there. Amongst them, he recognized one of them, who was the Bi Xian who sold Gold dragon ice s at the profoundbing s meeting back then. This guy knew of a hidden river that specialized in producing high quality profoundbing.