Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Previously, Chen Xiang said that he was a pill refiner, but everyone disagreed with him, they thought that he was just a mediocre Alchemist. Now that they saw his powerful flames, based on his unfathomable strength, they felt that he was just an old man who had lived for god knows how many years.

It was Chen Xiang’s first time refining, but he had instructed his theories on refining to a great extent. Previously, he had obtained a "Refining treasure book", and later, a "Divine Book", in addition to the fact that he had also been with Liu Meng’er and Dongfang Xinyue before, such low-level things were not difficult for him at all.

The next scene caused everyone to be dumbstruck, only to see Chen Xiang bellowing, stretching out her pair of meat palms and kneading all of the burnt profoundgang that were scattered all over the place.

Even though there was a distance between them and Chen Xiang, they could still feel the terrifying temperature of the profoundgang, but now, there was actually a person who touched this kind of thing with his hands.

The most unbelievable thing was that these pieces of profoundgang that were burnt red were like dough, being kneaded together by Chen Xiang in a few breaths, becoming a big ball. For him who had trained his flesh to the Body of Heavenly Sage, this was not difficult at all, it was indeed like kneading dough.

After kneading all the profoundgang into a ball, Chen Xiang took out a black iron hammer. It looked extremely ordinary, but it was something that the Divine Craftsmen had used before.

"Master Godly Craftsman, I’ve finally let you down with your hammer, I’ve finally used it to forge weapons." Chen Xiang thought, he had previously used this hammer as a weapon and many people’s heads had been struck by this hammer before, causing him to feel that he was unworthy of using this hammer as a weapon.

The Hammer of God was of course extraordinary. In the past, Chen Xiang had also needed a very long time to raise it up and casually wave it about.

Dong! Dong! Dong! Chen Xiang used his hands to grab onto the profoundgang. After flipping and rhythmic beating, it took only a few movements to shape it into a line.

"It’s as simple as hammering your head." Chen Xiang thought.

Every swing of Chen Xiang’s hammer was equivalent to beating the hearts of the Refiner s beside him. Because the profoundgang had actually become so weak in Chen Xiang’s hands, with just a few strikes, it had become deformed.

Yang Shuangquan’s face started to turn ugly. He had already understood what Chen Xiang was going to do with the three hundred kilogram profoundgang.

As expected, just as Yang Shuang had thought, when Chen Xiang had finished forging the entire piece of profoundgang, he folded it out and started heating it up with flames.

The originally large piece of profoundgang, after being repeatedly folded and refined by him in this way, gradually became smaller. This also meant that the remaining profoundgang’s quality was extremely high, and the impurities within had also been removed.

"I can also fold it a few times. Before every folding and forging, I just need to inscribe some formation runes." Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

discovered that refining this kind of primary weapon was not as difficult as refining it, at most, it would be relatively easy for him to get started, and there were many ingredients, and it was just as easy as he had imagined. However, Chen Xiang knew that this was only a primary weapon, if he refining those high level treasures or things, it would be much more difficult, similar to refining a high level pellet.

"With so many profoundgang tempered together, it must be very heavy. I will first add an array pattern that can lighten the weight."

Chen Xiang would look at the array markings on the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword whenever he had something to do, and would study them. Furthermore, he had consumed the memories of a few array masters before, so he had a rather high attainments in formations.

This type of array was not difficult for him at all. He quickly finished drawing and the next thing to note was that he couldn’t mess up the array patterns during the folding or forging process, otherwise it would be useless.

Previously, he had engraved a mysterious Spirit grain on a tiny pellet. That was much more difficult than this, so right now, he was extremely proficient in it.

"The second rune is the rune that can quickly absorb the Innate Qi of its user, and at the same time, absorb the Spiritual Qi of Heaven and Earth from the outside world."

When Chen Xiang finished drawing the second Rune, the quality of the profoundgang was already extremely high. When it reached that level, the value of the profoundgang far exceeded the value of the three hundred kilograms, and could be considered as a kind of rare artifact forging material.

’s flames were powerful, his flesh was strong, and with a godly hammer, forget about profoundgang, he could even take down some of the more stubborn materials.

When incinerating these materials for artifact forging, it was easier to obtain than when burning spiritual medicines. Burning the materials for artifact forging didn’t require too much control over the temperature, but when burning spiritual medicines, even the slightest difference in temperature could lead to failure.

Everyone knew that Chen Xiang was drawing an array pattern, but they didn’t know what kind of array he was drawing.

"The third rune is a rune that can strengthen the Innate Qi, allowing it to have explosive power."

"Then there’s the fourth rune. It’s also the more complicated one. When blocked, it can offset a large portion of other people’s strength."

It turned out to be four segments, four runes. Was this even the cost of 300,000 gold coins? Not only that, but it had happened so quickly, only four hours had passed from start to finish.

Everyone was very clear that if this saber was created successfully, its quality would far exceed that of the fifth and sixth stages sold in this shop.

Whether it was refining pills or refining weapons, had to be meticulous. He had already completed all four stages, and the only thing left was to look like a blade, and in the end, he just had to sharpen his blade a little, making it easier to look at it. This last step was not easy either.

Alchemist who came to watch the other shops secretly estimated the price of the blade in their hearts. They believed that it would at least sell for two million Spar, and even if Yang Wushuang wanted to destroy it, it would definitely not be easy.

At this moment, Yang Wushuang felt a lot of pressure, because he had said before that he could easily get any weapon at this price, but the blade made from three hundred thousand Spar was not that easy to break apart with so many of them hammering together.

After six hours, a fourth stage, extremely high quality blade was completed. Chen Xiang poured Innate Qi into it, immediately releasing a white Guan Xia, which looked like a treasure.

"A fourth level spirit weapon." Chen Xiang said indifferently: "Now, please come and try it and see if it can be broken so easily. This is the first time I have refined this spirit artifact, I also want to see how good I am."

The first round, you must be joking.

But just now, there were some people who saw how unfamiliar Chen Xiang was. Even a new Refiner would not be that proficient in it, but as a whole, he was extremely proficient in forging this stage four spirit weapon in six hours. Even some old Refiner who had been refining this for many years would probably admit defeat.

Yang Wushuang’s forehead was full of sweat. Right now, there were many people watching him, if he used all his strength, he might be able to destroy this blade, but it would not be "easy".

Looking at the blade that was handed over, Yang Wushuang clenched his fists tightly, he wanted nothing more than to kill Chen Xiang in front of him and end this matter that made him distressed. If he lost, then this shop would have to be handed over, this was a very big shop, if he handed it over, the losses would be huge, and all the materials inside were also his own, like the treasures and weapons placed on the counter.

After Yang Wushuang received the blade, he felt that it was not light. He channeled the Innate Qi, and discovered that the runes were carved very well, and the runes were not ordinary runes either.

"Not bad, it’s a good blade." Yang Wushuang praised from the bottom of his heart, but his expression suddenly turned cold, wielding the blade, he slashed out at Chen Xiang. The blade’s body erupted with flames, releasing a burst of intense heat from the blade Qi, enveloping Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang was furious, he did not expect Yang Wushuang to actually plan to kill him and avoid handing over the shop, he immediately dodged, but the blade suddenly shifted and slashed towards the youth who was not far away.

"Bastard." Chen Xiang shouted angrily as he traveled through space, his fist dispersing the force.

Everyone immediately panicked, this Yang Wushuang was actually such a rascal, and even more so, couldn’t afford to lose.

"Everyone, don’t go." Yang Wushuang said coldly, at the same time, the iron doors of the hall were closed, and a few extremely strong looking old men came in.

"You can’t afford to lose this." Chen Xiang stood in front of the youth, clenching his fists so hard that they made "cluck" sounds.

Yang Wushuang laughed coldly: "Hmph, you are clearly a very strong Refiner, yet you deliberately came here to find trouble, you have plans, and kept saying that it’s your first time refining and that your mouth was full of lies, you are trying to cheat us out of this shop, you are not qualified to talk about winning or losing with me, today you and that brat are both going to die here. You guys are going to work together to find fault with us, you have to die, don’t think that our Sacred Fire School is a soft persimmon."