Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

As the commander of this attack, Yang Jiutao suddenly felt a lot of pressure, because the progress was not as smooth as they had imagined. In order for the army to continue, he had sent a few powerful elders of the Sacred Fire School to deal with Chen Xiang.

Suddenly, a few clan elders from the Sacred Fire School surrounded them, their strengths were not weak, Chen Xiang had seen them at the Sacred Fire School before, but he never thought that these old fellows would have such strong powers, and that the things in their hands were all powerful people, and that these swords were all Immortal Swords.

At this time, Chen Xiang could not use the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and the Hammer of God, because the Ice Emperor was exterminated by the person holding the black hammer. If he used it now, and the Fire Divine Palace knew, the hall master would definitely come over immediately.

An eagle’s cry came from far away, and a Qilin with eagle wings flew over. It turned out to be a Kylin thunder eagle.

The ones in the lead were all familiar with Chen Xiang. Yun Xiaodao, Zhu Rong, Xv Weilong and the others, as they were all very strong at the moment, and the elite auras they led were also very valiant, rushing straight into the million strong army.

Duan Chong and Li Baojun had also appeared, they were mainly forcing those old fellows with strong powers to appear, so that the youngsters wouldn’t have to face those old bastards.

The sudden appearance of these twenty to thirty thousand men was a brutal and brutal attack. Killing was like cutting grass in this army of one million men. A large number of them fell in an instant.

"This is the Dragon Subduing School’s man." An old man exclaimed, "Why are they here? Didn’t they say that Dragon Subduing School is already on the verge of death? How are they still so powerful?"

"You bastards, we have been guarding here for several years just to wait for you stupid pigs." Li Baojun sneered, holding his Kylin fan, he started to fight with the few elders.

Dragon Subduing School led the way, and after they participated in the battle, the people of Super Martial School, Lotus Island and Dan Fragrance Pure Land also rushed in, the army of Divine Weapons Heavenly Country suddenly appeared behind the million strong army, took out their fine weapons, and rushed towards the invaders.

The reason the alliance of the Fire Divine Palace acted so quickly was to prevent such a thing from happening. With the high-ranking members of the Divine Weapons Heavenly Country being assassinated, as long as anyone with a brain could guess that it was them, they would definitely prevent them from invading anymore. But now that they saw a large group of people here, they knew that after the incident with the Divine Weapons Heavenly Country, the powers of the Chen Martial Continent had all gathered here, waiting for them to come.

Although they had expected this to happen, they hadn’t expected it to happen so quickly.

"Just who are you? You know the Sound Kill Magic Power, I didn’t think that the Chen Martial Continent would collude with the Demon World." An old man shouted to Chen Xiang, it was clear that he wanted the Sound Kill Magic Power.

Chen Xiang, who was surrounded by the few elderly men said angrily: "What’s wrong with that, didn’t you guys collude with the Demon World? What’s more, the people in the Demon World are not always unforgivable, and not everyone in the Human Realm is good either, for example, you old bastards! Demon Realm caused such a big death or injury to the Human Realm, just sit here and watch and do nothing, instead you guys are attacking Divine Weapons Heavenly Country."

Chen Xiang was not afraid of all these old fellows, his words had angered all the old men, causing them to not care about morality, they all joined hands to attack Chen Xiang, all of them releasing extremely powerful attacks, fists, kicks, blades, all at the same time, the dense Innate Qi spewed out brilliant rays of light that shot towards Chen Xiang.

Hearing the series of thunderclaps, many of the experts were shocked. This was because it was the power of the ninth floor of the Devil Subduing Method, although the simple learning version of the Devil Subduing Method allowed many people to learn the Devil Subduing Method, it was still very difficult to learn the ninth floor.

There weren’t many people who could learn the nine levels, and one of the people that people were most familiar with was Devil-subduing College’s Principal, Zuo Zhenxuan.

Of course Zuo Zhenxuan would come, he also didn’t know whether Xue Xianxian and Leng Youlan were faking their deaths, so when he heard the news, he was extremely furious. Adding to that, he had already known that the Fire Divine Palace would fight with the Chen Martial Continent sooner or later.

"Zuo Zhenxuan... Your Devil-subduing College has always been neutral. " An old man said angrily.

Out of the few elders that surrounded Chen Xiang, only two remained. The rest were all killed by Zuo Zhenxuan.

"Our Devil-subduing College has always relied on killing demons and devils as the foundation, if you join hands with the devils, we will treat you as demons and treat you as nothing more than demons. The students you sent to the Devil-subduing College to learn the art of defeating devils are all very clear on this point, when you colluded with the demons to deal with the humans, you should have this kind of awareness." Zuo Zhenxuan’s old face was extremely gloomy, bringing with him endless slavery. A fist had already been thrown out, the berserk Devil Subduing Method smashed the two old men into pieces.

"Elder Zuo, I am Chen Xiang." Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to Zuo Zhenxuan. He knew the position of the Devil-subduing College, which was why he did not go and find Zuo Zhenxuan.

"You ..." Zuo Zhenxuan nodded, and he seemed to have suddenly understood something: "Your wife and recognized sister ..."

Chen Xiang laughed, then looked down at the chaos below. Xue Xianxian and Leng Youlan had already disguised themselves and snuck in, specifically killing the stronger disciples.

"Everything is fine." Chen Xiang replied.

"That’s good. Young people, do you look down on old bones like me? You don’t call me for this sort of thing." Zuo Zhenxuan reprimanded.

"That’s because of the position of the Devil-subduing College." Chen Xiang did not want the Devil-subduing College to be viewed with hostility by the Fire Divine Palace because of this matter. He was well aware of the Fire Divine Palace’s strength, and Zuo Zhenxuan was only strong here.

"Don’t worry, I’ve already said it before, these fellows colluding with demons to deal with humans is the enemy of my Devil-subduing College. Since they are here, I will do my best to help you guys."

When Zuo Zhenxuan saw that Li Baojun was being attacked by more than ten Devil Realm’s Demon Immortals, he immediately rushed forward and used his powerful Demon Fighter to join the battle.

"It’s all because of you, you bastard. If not for your words, we would have already snuck into the Divine Weapons Heavenly Country." A golden light flashed and arrived, Chen Xiang anxiously avoided the cold killing intent of the golden blade, and the person who attacked him, was Sacred Fire School’s Yang Jiutao.

This Yang Jiutao had the strength of Late period of human immortal, so his furious attack was rather powerful. The impact caused the air to vibrate, and after slashing through the air, the force struck the ground, creating a huge crack. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"You will never succeed." Chen Xiang immediately welcomed the incoming fist with his own, striking towards the golden blade that was filled with berserk power.

Seeing that the other party had used his fist to receive the blade and was even striking towards the edge of the blade, Yang Jiutao was shocked. He thought that he would slash at Chen Xiang’s fist, but who knew that his golden blade would actually strike at Chen Xiang’s fist, as though it had hit a hard object.