Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang’s mind worked quickly as he thought of a way.

"If you have the time, you can refine a Destruction Ice seal Dan, just like the one you used to break the seal last time." Su Meiyao said.

"I’m afraid that won’t do. If that Immortal King recovered, it would be easy for him to be discovered." Chen Xiang shook his head. It would take a very long time to refine into a destructive Ice seal Dan of sufficient power, and at that time, who knows how many people would be on this island.

Chen Xiang guessed that the Sacred Fire School must have gathered all of the disciples to protect the island. This was because many of the strong warriors on this island were infected with the poison, and needed a period of time to expel the poison.

"Where’s the Heaven-suppressed immortal monument?" Bai Youyou asked. Although she understood the power of Heaven-suppressed immortal monument more than her, but Chen Xiang had used it before, so he knew the power of Heaven-suppressed immortal monument much better than her.

"You can try, but if you don’t succeed, there won’t be a second chance." Chen Xiang pondered for a moment. In the end, he still decided to use the Heaven-suppressed immortal monument because he had already used it to destroy the powerful Purple profound Holy Mountain.

Long Xueyi said: "Just use up my power. Keep your power, so that nothing else happens."

Chen Xiang took out his Heaven-suppressed immortal monument and used it to hold back the island. At the bottom of the island was a gigantic formation plate.

"What a strong power, this formation plate should be absorbing the power of the volcano. Such a terrifying power, I wonder if the ice power released by the Heaven-suppressed immortal monument can completely freeze this island." Chen Xiang began to worry. He felt that just using Long Xueyi’s power was not enough.

Long Xueyi’s power had already been transferred over, and at this time, he decided to pour his power into it as well.

"With my power, this formation plate is condensing its power to counterattack. We need to freeze more than half of the formation patterns and stop the power from passing through them before the power is gathered. Otherwise, we will miss this chance." Chen Xiang said.

Long Xueyi’s Dragon Power entered Chen Xiang’s body and perfectly merged with the Dragon Power that Chen Xiang released, forming a silver white colored terrifying Dragon Power. The two of them never thought that when their Dragon Power fused together in its peak state, it would become so strong, so powerful that even they felt a little fear.

As the strong wave of Dragon Power poured into the Heaven-suppressed immortal monument, it caused it to spew out a large amount of ice sealing power. In just a few blinks of an eye, the bottom of the island was covered in a layer of frost, which gradually condensed into a thick layer of ice, and the inner structure of the Heaven-suppressed immortal monument also started to turn into ice.

However, this did not completely freeze the gigantic formation disc. At this moment, Chen Xiang and the others could clearly feel the array disc’s strength slowly approaching them.

"Prepare yourself to retreat. This surge of strength is so strong that even the Immortal King has to avoid it." Long Xueyi shouted.

"It will definitely succeed." Chen Xiang said as he furrowed his brows. He had already used all of his strength, and even part of his divine power.

The array disc was slowly turning into ice. Just as the energy was about to rush out, at the most critical moment, the energy suddenly dissipated. This was because the important structure inside the array disc had already turned into ice.

The power that the Heaven-suppressed immortal monument had displayed at this moment made both Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi extremely excited.

"Success, continue." Chen Xiang said excitedly. Long Xueyi’s power was also continuously being transferred over, becoming one with Chen Xiang.

"Strange... Why do I still have so much power? " Long Xueyi suddenly asked with suspicion. Last time Chen Xiang used Heaven-suppressed immortal monument to deal with that Purple profound Holy Mountain, she had quickly drained her powers, yet this situation had persisted for so long.

"After your Dragon Power and my Dragon Power merged, it became many times stronger, so with just a little bit of your Dragon Power, it was able to allow Heaven-suppressed immortal monument to achieve such an effect." Chen Xiang said, he also felt this was extremely strange, because previously, when he and Long Xueyi’s Dragon Power fused together, this did not happen. Although the fusion had become a little stronger previously, it was not as strong as it was now.

"Let’s figure it out in the future. Anyway, when I’m with you, little scoundrel, the strange thing that happened wasn’t only this." Long Xueyi suddenly had a feeling that she was becoming more and more reliant on Chen Xiang. She could not imagine how she would live after leaving Chen Xiang, and she did not want to think about it.

After breaking through the defensive array, the seal of ice released by the Heaven-suppressed immortal monument was unobstructed, charging straight up to the top, the defenseless mountains instantly turned into an ice mountain, the people inside Sacred Fire School did not know what happened yet, they only felt that it was suddenly very cold, then a strong cold Qi invaded their bodies.

If those experts had not been struck by the profoundhan poison and did not have the powerful strength to resist the invasion of the cold energy, they would not have been frozen instantly.

Boom, a series of explosions came out from above, Chen Xiang could also feel that it was the aura of the Immortal King, only the Immortal King was able to resist the cold Qi and not get frozen. None of the others were able to escape, they all became ice men, and the inside of their bodies became ice, this was the power of the Heaven-suppressed immortal monument.

The Immortal King attacked the island that was gradually turning into ice. Initially, he thought that the entire island was covered in a layer of ice. However, when he bombarded, he discovered that the entire island had turned into ice.

"Let’s leave quickly. The volcano has already gone out of control." Long Xueyi said: "The fact that the Immortal King was not frozen was within our expectations."

The gigantic volcano below was shaking frantically, the lava was churning, Chen Xiang only felt some regret, he did not manage to kill the Immortal King in one breath.

"Let’s go." Chen Xiang kept his Heaven-suppressed immortal monument and continued to travel through space. As long as he escaped in a random direction, he would be able to leave the volcano. Although he could enter the depths of the volcano, the volcano had lost control, and the power that erupted was not something he could withstand. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Although the Immortal King who was high in the sky had not completely removed the profoundhan poison from his body, he could still use a part of it under his control. He suddenly recalled that the Purple profound Holy Mountain of his sect were also destroyed like that, and immediately checked his surroundings.

Many resources were piled here. Many Fire Divine Palace s had carefully groomed many talents for many years, but they were all destroyed just now, because this was the responsibility of this Immortal King. Even if he survived, he would definitely be held accountable by the hall master.

Who exactly are you? You have fought against our Fire Divine Palace so many times, you have this kind of strength, why are you still acting so sneakily? The Immortal King chased after Chen Xiang, his speed extremely fast, as he gradually approached Chen Xiang and shouted loudly.