Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was currently hiding in a cave refining Drunk god powder and had already used all of his Drunk god powder to deal with the young Immortal King. If not for that, he simply did not have enough poison to numb the Immortal King.

"That was really dangerous just now. If it wasn’t for the profoundhan poison in his body, the two kinds of poison I used wouldn’t have been able to deal with him. It’s really dangerous, I won’t be able to deal with the Immortal King in this way anymore."

If the Immortal King that died before didn’t have profoundhan poison s in his body, he wouldn’t have become so weak. He only used two kinds of strange poisons, even if the poison in his opponent’s body was deep, the other party wouldn’t have died immediately. Furthermore, he also didn’t have the power to escape, or perhaps, it would have lost his life just by counterattacking before his death.

That’s right, you are just lucky, the Immortal King is much stronger than you can imagine, and only two types of strange poisons are unable to kill them. In the future, even if you meet Immortal Monarch, you cannot do this. Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang had already used up all his profoundhan poison, and he did not know where he should go to find them. Right now, he only had Magical corruption gas and Drunk god magical poison on him, but they were not enough to deal with Immortal Kings, especially those kind of old immortal kings.

The Drunk god flower s required Chen Xiang to copy for them personally, so Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou did not have a Devil-suppressing Golden Body like him. Usually, he would remind Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou to leave these poisonous flowers to them as they were too weak.

After he used the creation divine liquid to copy some of the Drunk god flower, he immediately took out the Yanlong furnace and refined it into a type of powder. After he refined the Drunk god flower, the poison was even stronger.

This profound Ice City was built by the Fire Divine Palace, he had to pay attention to the movements of the Immortal King. If the Immortal King took action, the plan to attack the Chen Martial Continent would continue, and that was what he was worried about the most, because facing two Immortal Kings at the moment, the Chen Martial Continent had no chance of winning, unless he could get the White Tiger out.

During the nine years he had been sealed, the White Tiger hadn’t come to save him, so he knew that the White Tiger must have some reason. At this moment, he didn’t go find the White Tiger, unless he was forced into a corner.

Chen Xiang guessed that the three Immortal Kings in the Fire Divine Palace had all taken different paths. Maybe the three Immortal Kings had always been at odds with each other, and their opinions could not be unified, if not the Fire Divine Palace would not be plotted against by Chen Xiang time and time again in these years.

"The ten-year deadline hasn’t arrived. Back then, that old fellow said that as long as time was up, he would attack Chen Martial Continent, and the young immortal king probably planned to do the same, but the power that was led by that young immortal king has already been eliminated by you. Now, only the hall master and the mysterious immortal king has appeared." Long Xueyi said.

I still have some time. I need to use this time to quickly raise my strength, and I don’t know about Xianxian’s and You Lan’s current strength. When the time comes, if these two Immortal Kings join hands and attack Chen Martial Continent, it would definitely be a great danger.

If Chen Xiang wanted to quickly raise his cultivation, he could only listen to the method of consuming pills. Previously, it was already very difficult for him to step into the Nirvana Tribulation, but now, to enter the Eighth Tribulation, it could be said that the difficulty was more than ten times higher than before. Although he could extract the energy from the profoundbing, that method would not last long.

"I need to refine a real Heaven level Pellet and use the Heaven level’s medicinal ingredients." This was the only path that Chen Xiang could take, as long as he could refine Heaven level Pills, it would mean that he would be able to refine a large amount. At that time, not only him could get promoted, his friends and the people around him would also benefit greatly.

Right now, Ground level Pills were not very helpful to the Nirvana Tribulation experts. If they had to rely on Ground level Pills to treat their injuries, it would be pretty good, but to raise their strength, they would need a lot of time and resources. If there was a Heaven level Pill, it would be different as well.

"Right now, you need a certain amount of time to concoct a Heaven level Pill, but I’m afraid that it will be very difficult to do so in a short period of time. Right now, you can’t even concoct many types of high grade Ground level pills." Su Meiyao said. If Chen Xiang was able to refine a low-grade Heaven level Pellet in this short amount of time, it would mean that Chen Xiang would ascend at a rapid pace in the next few years. With the help of a large number of low-grade Heaven level Pellets, the speed of his growth would definitely be extremely terrifying.

"I can now skillfully refine Relive Dan s, I have already mastered the high grade Ground level pills pretty well, moreover I have rich experience in refining super pills, I feel that I can refine low grade Heaven level Hunyuan Dan s within a short period of time." Chen Xiang said. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Back then, when he was gambling in the Sacred Dan City, he won a portion of the Hunyuan Dan’s medicinal ingredients.

Su Meiyao sighed: "Then let’s give it a try, I also hope that you can improve more in the area of pill refining, but from the looks of it, the time you have spent in the Dao of alchemy, the requirements for you are too high, although your talent is outstanding, but don’t force yourself, after all, it is better to be stable and steady."

In the past, she would probably be more selfish. In order to help herself recover faster, she would force Chen Xiang to level up faster, but it was different now. Instead, she was worried that Chen Xiang had levelled up too fast, so she would leave behind some flaws that she wouldn’t be able to fix in the future.

At the same time, he also cultivated the divine way, condensed the divine soul, and entered the realm of perfection. He had strong mental strength, and the Heaven Earth Killing Method he cultivated was also the ancestor of many powerful divine arts.

"Heaven level pill, I’m here."

Chen Xiang took out some medicinal ingredients for the High Rank Ground level Pellet, the Nine quenching body Dan s and the Five Elements Profound Dan s. These two pellets used to be high quality pellets that he thirsted for very much, but now, they were unable to satisfy him.

Su Meiyao said: "Right now, these two pills are only used as a springboard for you. As long as you refine these two pills, you will have even more experience, because the ingredients for these two pills are extremely difficult to process. But even if you can refine them, there is still a long way to go before you can refine Heaven level pills."