Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

To make a move against the Dragon Subduing City, Chen Xiang raised the corner of his brows: "Was it that old granny who did it?"

"Yes, the old lady said that the Dragon Subduing City was very inconvenient, but she did not dare enter the Evil Dragon Graveyard. She was afraid of the defenses there too." Long Xueyi said.

"Motherf * cker, I don’t know if the Immortal King can withstand the attacks of the Dragon Subduing City, but I have to return quickly." Chen Xiang suddenly started to worry for the Dragon Subduing City.

"Don’t worry, she only said that she would go and mess with the Dragon Subduing City and didn’t say that she would destroy it." Long Xueyi said. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"That still won’t do! That’s my city! Don’t think that I can make them do whatever they want just because I’m not here. Whoever dares to step on my face will be stepped on by me." Chen Xiang was enraged and immediately left the city and rushed back to the Dragon Subduing City.

Last time, when the Fire Divine Palace and those powers wanted to ambush the Divine Weapons Heavenly Country, they were met with a strong counterforce, and the Dragon Subduing School was one of them. Although Chen Xiang was sealed, but in the eyes of outsiders, the Dragon Subduing School was secretly growing stronger, its overall strength was extremely strong, and all of the disciples inside were extremely fierce, all of them used extremely powerful martial skills, and all of the treasures and weapons they had were high grade goods.

Knowing that Wang Qiongjin was going to Dragon Subduing City to cause trouble, Chen Xiang immediately went back to wait for her. As long as this Wang Qiongjin did not attack, he felt that it should not be a problem to retaliate fiercely.

Inside a hall in the City Lord’s Mansion, Li Baojun and Duan Chong was discussing some offensive tactics when Chen Xiang suddenly rushed in with extreme force, startling them.

"Leader, what is making you so anxious? Could it be that the Fire Divine Palace is about to launch an all-out attack?" Li Baojun asked anxiously. Ever since he knew that the Ghost Killing King used profoundhan poison s and was thrown into the volcano, he had always been worried, not because he was worried that Chen Xiang would die, but because he was worried that Chen Xiang would be sealed again.

Only a few people knew that Chen Xiang had the identity of a Ghost Killing King. When they learned that Chen Xiang had used a profoundhan poison, although they were shocked, they secretly laughed.

At this time, the entire Sacred Fire Mountain and even the Immortal King had been destroyed. As long as they knew that Chen Xiang had infiltrated the Sacred Fire Mountain at that time, they all suspected that he was the culprit. Chen Xiang killing one of the Immortal Kings in the Fire Divine Palace, they couldn’t believe it.

"It’s about time, but it’s not attacking the Chen Martial Continent, but trying to find trouble with us." Chen Xiang said with a serious face: "An old lady of the Immortal King level wanted to bring a group of Demon and Devil Realms fellows over to our place to cause trouble. You guys hurry up and think of a way to deal with it."

"What? The Immortal King brought his team here to cause trouble? How are we supposed to defend ourselves?" Duan Chong said in shock: "Hurry up and start the defense mode of the entire city, f * ck, how could these immortal kings do such a disrespectful thing. If it spreads to the Heaven Realm, they will definitely be laughed to death."

"I do not know how they will deal with our Dragon Subduing City, but they will definitely cause trouble. Oh right, the Pill City is controlled by the Fire Divine Palace, maybe they are here for the Pill City." Chen Xiang said.

"That’s right, the reason why Pill City was able to reignite its ashes is because of the support of the Fire Divine Palace. However, with us, the Dragon Subduing City, here, Pill City is just like that." Li Baojun nodded.

Just as Li Baojun and Duan Chong were about to order for the city’s most powerful defense to be carried out, a message suddenly came in from Pill City challenging the Dragon Subduing City.

This challenge was a challenge for pill refining.

"Leader, is it convenient for you to come out now?" Li Baojun said, he knew that Chen Xiang was an expert in handling such challenges.

"Elder Li, of course I can fight, I’ll just have to conceal my identity, but the pills I can refine are not of high quality, you should be able to refine immortal pills now, right?" Chen Xiang scratched his chin and thought: "Could it be that the old granny used this method to cause trouble in the Dragon Subduing City, and there are many people in the Fire Divine Palace who are good at pill refining, I’m afraid there will be some pressure."

"That’s right, most of the fellows in the Fire Divine Palace have powerful Fire Soul." Li Baojun nodded his head: "How about we reject their challenge? What if this is a trap set up for us by them, we know their character very well, and at that time, we won’t be able to do anything about them."

Duan Chong opened the letter of challenge, and said with a frown: "We need two Alchemist s to compete, and they also want to compete inside the Dragon Subduing City. As for the loser, they will need to give the opponent as many pills as possible."

Chen Xiang said: "We can’t let them enter the city. Just stay outside the city.

"It’s a challenge from the Fire Divine Palace. I think they’re lacking pills, so they want to use this method to quickly obtain a large amount of pills. Currently, from Di Tian’s perspective, our Dragon Subduing Dan Hall’s pills are very famous." Li Baojun said.

"It seems that the Fire Divine Palace is already determined to attack the Chen Martial Continent. Furthermore, he even wanted to obtain some pills from us. His plan is really too clear." Chen Xiang smiled and said: "I just don’t know if this Fire Divine Palace will keep his word. They have an Immortal King, if we win against them, wouldn’t it be a loss?"

Ignore them, continue to carry out defense throughout the city, sealed the city gates and Transmission array, you can only teleport out, you cannot teleport in, this Fire Divine Palace might be worried and kind, if they do not have the Immortal King, we are not afraid. Li Baojun considered for a moment and made a decision after seeking the views of Chen Xiang and Duan Chong.

Outside the city, there were already many people. Looking from the city walls, it was as though the entire Pill City was filled with people, as if they were all outside the Dragon Subduing City.

"Without Chen Xiang, the Dragon Subduing School has become so weak, to the point that she doesn’t even dare to take on a small competition to concoct pills." Wang Qiongjin shouted loudly, his tone filled with ridicule.

"I really do not dare to compete, if it was just a simple exchange of pointers, of course we would not be afraid, but you are Fire Divine Palace, and Fire Divine Palace eats people without spitting out their bones, regardless of winning or losing, we are afraid that you will swallow us down to nothing." Li Baojun immediately replied.

The meaning behind his words was that the Fire Divine Palace was unreliable, causing people to be worried. Everyone understood the Fire Divine Palace’s character after being doubted like this, because the Fire Divine Palace had allied with the demons and attacked the Chen Martial Continent. This was a point that many people in the Human Realm hated.

"I’ve brought a group of powerful demons with me. I wonder what this old woman will do." Long Xueyi said. Others may not be able to recognize the demons that were hiding their Qi, but she could.

"It’s just a peaceful exchange, our Fire Divine Palace will definitely not do anything bad. Before, Fire Divine Palace did this because of the mistakes made by the other people in power. Now that that person is dead, I will make the Fire Divine Palace return to how it was before." Wang Qiongjin said loudly, causing everyone behind her and all the people in Dragon Subduing City to hear.