Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

At the scene, many Alchemist were discussing this new and powerful pill refining techniques of Chen Xiang’s, because he could not use the Foreseeing Alchemy.

"How did he manage to use fire to refine the Hunyuan fruit?"

"When he uses flames, it’s always very strong flames. Logically speaking, this method of burning Hunyuan fruit won’t work. In the end, it would either explode or dissipate."

"Also, he also needs to control the supplementary ingredients in the furnace as well as the Medicine aura and the medicinal powder. The two would definitely clash inside the furnace."

"He needs a very strong mind to support him. The most important thing is the method he uses to refine the Hunyuan fruit outside. This is definitely not as simple as just using fire to burn it. We are only seeing it on the surface."

Of course it wasn’t simple, this was a method Chen Xiang had developed from comprehending the Heavenly Alchemy, and the incantations he used to refine the medicinal ingredients came from the Heavenly Alchemy.

Only Wu Qianqian knew a little, because Chen Xiang had told her before that if she wanted to use this method, it required a very strong flame and consciousness. She felt that a strong flame was not a problem, because she had a way to level up her own Fire Soul, but in terms of consciousness, she needed to work hard to refine the Heaven level Pill, before she could fly up, and at that time, she would be able to get close to the Heaven Realm.

If she really lost to Chen Xiang, she would not have the face to meet anyone. Previously, she said that Chen Xiang had humiliated her in his competition, and said that Chen Xiang was not even an ant, so she could not lose.

Refining the Hunyuan tree root was very easy for Chen Xiang. When he was refining, the Yin and yang god blood in his body would produce a kind of strange feeling, which would allow him to have a kind of weak and wondrous connection with the medicine spirit of the Hunyuan tree root. When he was refining the Hunyuan tree root with fire, he would not encounter such a strong resistance, it could be said to be very easy to refine it.

In just two hours, the segment of black Hunyuan tree root in Chen Xiang’s hands turned into a snow-white color and then shattered into a pile of slowly rotating white powder. The Medicine aura outside was also spinning, and it looked like a small vortex that was emitting white light.

Chen Xiang placed the refined Hunyuan tree root into the pill furnace. At this time, he had already entered the process of condensing the pill, and began to condense everything in the furnace.

It had only been six hours, yet he had already reached this stage, causing everyone to exclaim in shock. At this time, many Alchemist s wanted to learn this pill refining technique, but they knew that this was definitely someone else’s secret. It would not be easy to learn this technique, unless they joined the Dragon Subduing School.

Originally, they had wanted to defeat Dragon Subduing School ruthlessly and win a large amount of pellets, but now, they did not expect that they had already lost half. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

But even if the furnace were to explode now, he could still learn from the newly concocted pills. There were no restrictions in terms of quality, number of pills produced, or time limit, so long as he could surpass the other party in terms of quality, quantity, and time, he would still be able to win.

The time needed to condense the core wasn’t very long, but this was with the use of the Foreseeing Alchemy, so the God purification that Chen Xiang was currently using would take some time.

Wang Qiongjin had always been worried that Chen Xiang would concoct pills faster than her, but now that she saw that Chen Xiang had not succeeded in concocting pills in the past four hours, she felt a lot more relaxed. She thought that even if Chen Xiang was faster in terms of quality and quantity, he would probably not be able to defeat her.

Everyone was curious about what exactly was happening inside the furnace. Under normal circumstances, when refining a Heaven level Pill Refining Pill, the furnace would slightly shake, releasing the power inside the furnace.

Especially the pill furnace that Chen Xiang was using now, if it was not shaken, it could expose itself at any time, meaning that the energy inside could not be released at all.

But if the furnace was going to explode, Chen Xiang had persisted for so long.

Li Baojun and Wu Qianqian immediately thought of something. They were very familiar with Chen Xiang’s pill refining results.

But now, Chen Xiang’s furnace did not shake nor release any of the energy within, which meant that Chen Xiang was compressing all the energy that he needed to release together.

Furthermore, it would transform into a berserk energy that raged inside the pill furnace, especially when refining pills. Under normal circumstances, the Alchemist would only use this energy little by little by shaking the pill furnace to ensure the success of the condensing of the pill.

Chen Xiang did not do this because he wanted to give more pills.

Now that he had the time, he wanted to win even more thoroughly, so he used this time to refine an even more perfect set of Hunyuan Dan.

Time flew by, in a blink of an eye it was already dark, and Chen Xiang was still the same as before, there were no movements from the pill furnace, but it was still working inside, everyone suddenly had their doubts about Chen Xiang’s new pill refining skills, they previously thought it was extremely fast, but now it seemed like he did not have any advantages, to think that he had taken so long to condense the pill.

Seeing that Chen Xiang did not condense the pellet very quickly, the people of Wang Qiongjin and the Fire Divine Palace immediately felt that victory was in their hands, because the people who came with Wang Qiongjin were all the trusted aides that Wang Qiongjin had brought with him from the Heaven Realm. They all knew her refining level, especially the Heaven level Pellet.

The sky was about to brighten but Chen Xiang still had his eyes closed. He sat cross-legged on the ground expressionlessly and poured flames into the pill furnace.

Just then, Wang Qiongjin’s pill furnace suddenly started shaking, causing everyone’s eyes to light up. They had been waiting for Chen Xiang for a long time, but he did not move at all, and now, Wang Qiongjin had caught up to them. Although he was a little late at the Core Formation stage, but in the end, the condensing of the pill was still faster than Chen Xiang.

Wang Qiongjin started to despise Chen Xiang because she felt that Chen Xiang’s pill refining skills were only mediocre. In the end, he still needed the same amount of time, but that was all.

The sky was completely bright, and the warm morning sun was shining on the competition grounds. Everyone was also worried, because Wang Qiongjin’s pill furnace was shaking more and more, and because he had released too much energy at the very last moment, it required him to release it. In other words, Wang Qiongjin was about to succeed.

Wang Qiongjin’s snow-white pill furnace shook violently for a while before suddenly stopping. Wang Qiongjin opened his eyes, his face was filled with joy, but Chen Xiang was not done yet, as he still had his eyes closed.

"I thought you were just that powerful." Wang Qiongjin opened his pill furnace and took out two shining, golden Hunyuan Dan s.

Seeing these two high quality Hunyuan Dan s, everyone let out a series of exclamations. The Hunyuan Dan s that could only produce one pellet, Wang Qiongjin used one day and one night to refine two of them.

"Fire Divine Palace lost."

"No matter how powerful he is, he will at most have two pellets. However, his time is slower than his opponent’s."

"At the beginning, I thought he was very powerful, but I didn’t expect that he was just putting on an act. That’s all."

Everyone turned to look at the Fire Divine Palace, wishing for nothing more than to throw themselves into him, because there stood a very outstanding and powerful Alchemist.