Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

This was the gathering point of the Ferocious Devil, and now that there were people of the Dragon Subduing School here, in order to find out what the disciples of the Dragon Subduing School were doing here, Chen Xiang had to follow those secret signals, and search for a way to communicate with them.

After entering, he sensed a trace of an extremely familiar aura. It was Yun Xiaodao and Zhu Rong.

"It’s actually those two fellows! What are they doing here?" Chen Xiang had not seen them for a long time, but he was still hiding his identity right now, so he knew that not many people could come out from the seal. In order to keep it a secret, he did not want too many people to know.

After considering it, Chen Xiang decided to follow Yun Xiaodao and Zhu Rong for the time being. He felt that they were also here for the Ferocious Devil.

The group of Ferocious Devil s that came back this time had gained a lot of things, and had captured a large group of people. As long as they asked around, they would know, and it was not the first time these Ferocious Devil s went out to arrest someone, it had been like this for a long time, and these people were all mortals.

Chen Xiang and Zhu Rong also stayed in this inn, but Zhu Rong and Zhu Rong did not notice him. Late at night, around twenty more people entered the inn and entered the large room that Yun Xiaodao and Zhu Rong had wrapped up.

These people were all groomed by the Duan Clan. Chen Xiang suspected that the Duan Clan was responsible for investigating and assassinating people under the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord at that time, if not, their concealing ability would not have been so great. If not for Long Xueyi, it would have been difficult for Chen Xiang to discover them.

"Can you overhear them?" Chen Xiang asked. Originally, he planned to wander into that room, but Yun Xiaodao and the others were extremely vigilant, as they had already laid out a strange array inside, preventing him from doing so.

"No, they seem to be carrying a small formation plate with them. They can release a very strong secrecy formation in a short period of time and envelop their rooms." Long Xueyi said: "Who exactly gave them this thing?"

Chen Xiang felt a little ashamed, because he was the Leader of the Dragon Subduing School, but he did not really understand the Dragon Subduing School’s overall strength. He did not even know who gave him such a powerful thing like Yun Xiaodao.

After an hour passed, the twenty odd youths walked out from the room. They rushed out of the tavern and split up, with Yun Xiaodao and Zhu Rong following closely behind.

"They were scattered and did not gather together. We just need to follow Little Yun and that damn fatty." Long Xueyi said.

When Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi used the Divine Travelling Technique, it was as if they were floating in mid air, following others, but no one else could see them. This was the power of the divine way.

Chen Xiang was still in the tavern, but just as he was about to leave, a group of red-robed burly men suddenly rushed in. Their faces were filled with anger, their bodies emitted a violent demonic Qi, holding onto a sharp weapon that made people’s hearts tremble, they rudely arrived at the second floor, and kicked out of the room where Yun Xiaodao and were in, but they did not see anyone inside.

"These are the Ferocious Devil. They have discovered the whereabouts of Yun Xiaodao and the rest." Yun Xiaodao was slightly surprised in his heart. Yun Xiaodao and the others reacted quickly enough, so they were not caught by the group of Ferocious Devil.

The tallest Ferocious Devil said angrily: "Just what kind of background does this group of bastards have? Just yesterday, the moment they entered the city, over thirty of our men had died for no apparent reason. How in the world did they do it?"

Yun Xiaodao, Zhu Rong and the others were searching for news and assassinating someone. Although they had exposed their location, they were all trained so they should be able to hide very quickly.

Zhu Rong and Yun Xiaodao left separately, but met up again during the day. At this moment, they had all turned into well-dressed rich families, and stayed in a very high-end hotel.

"The other twenty are in here, but this time they’re not together." Long Xueyi said.

"Is this the hiding place of the Ferocious Devil? They all disguised themselves to gather here, I have a feeling that they are going to attack." Chen Xiang said.

Long Xueyi waited for a moment before replying, "There are a few huge residences, but I did not sense any auras from the Ferocious Devil."

"Maybe those Ferocious Devil s have their own concealment methods as well, or maybe those Ferocious Devil s just left that mortal in the vicinity. The blood drawing isn’t done by those Ferocious Devil s, it’s done by a special person." Chen Xiang said. Those Ferocious Devil s should not have the patience to do this kind of thing.

"It’s possible. I’ll go take a closer look and see if I can find those mortals." Long Xueyi released a few of his wandering souls and searched around the big houses carefully.

Before long, Long Xueyi shouted, "There is indeed a large group of people imprisoned inside. In order for these mortals to produce more blood as soon as possible, they have also provided many things that can greatly benefit.

"This group of Ferocious Devil, I must make them disappear from this world." Chen Xiang clenched both his fists, and fiercely said: "And that Wang Qiongjin, I wonder how many more vicious techniques she still has."

Suddenly, Yun Xiaodao and Zhu Rong flew out from one of the windows, their speed was extremely fast, if one did not look carefully, it was difficult to notice, but when Chen Xiang knew that they jumped out from the window of the building, Yun Xiaodao and Zhu Rong had already landed in the same courtyard, which was where the house was holding over a thousand people.

After Yun Xiaodao and Zhu Rong entered that courtyard, they touched upon an array formation, causing that large mansion to shake violently. A huge explosion also happened, causing the entire city to tremble.

Soon after, sounds of fighting came from the hotel. There were more than twenty disciples of the Dragon Subduing School s in the hotel, clearly trying to stop the hidden Devil Cultivator s. These Devil Cultivator s should be trying to protect the mansion, but they were stopped now.

Yun Xiaodao and Zhu Rong had already figured out the situation inside the house. Once they entered, they immediately used their fastest speed to remove the arrays and kill a few guards inside.

Very quickly, Yun Xiaodao and Zhu Rong brought over a thousand people and rushed out of the house, while the twenty odd young men inside the house had already taken care of all the Devil Cultivator s inside. The people who were originally inside the house, upon seeing the scene, naturally all left, not wanting to cause any trouble.

Yun Xiaodao and Zhu Rong brought over a thousand people into the great hotel, while on the many streets within the city, many red-robed Ferocious Devil s rushed over, among them a few extremely strong ones.

"There’s a Transmission array in the hotel, looks like they’ve already arranged for it." Long Xueyi said.

"Don’t even think about it, you guys should be from Dragon Subduing School, right? It was all done by you guys, you guys underestimate Ferocious Devil City too much." A thunderous roar came from the distance, deafening everyone present. From the momentum, they could tell that this was a very strong Ferocious Devil.

"Attack that building together. Don’t let them leave." He could already tell that Yun Xiaodao and the rest were trying to teleport the entire house.Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m