Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"Little Yun, who do you think that guy is? He’s clearly a great devil, but he actually saved us." Zhu Rong held onto a roasted calf leg and bit off a huge chunk of meat.

Other than us Leader, who else could it be, you pig of a brain like yourself can’t even think of this, the Elder Brother Shen has already escaped from that dog shit of a seal a long time ago. The Alchemist that lost completely to that old lady last time should be the Elder Brother Shen without a doubt. Yun Xiaodao said in a low voice.

Of course, Zhu Rong had thought about it before, but he wasn’t sure. Especially since Chen Xiang still had that kind of powerful devil energy.

"So this guy had already ran out. Why didn’t he tell us? Could it be that he’s afraid of our big mouths?" Zhu Rong chuckled: "I keep my mouth shut, but as for you, this Little Yun, you are a small person, but your mouth is big and fierce. You must keep it a secret, don’t ruin my business."

"You’re the one with a big mouth. Every time I’m at a table, I can’t always win against you because my mouth is too small. You damned pig head, you should look more closely at your mouth." Yun Xiaodao was not convinced.

"If that’s the case, then neither Xianxian nor that mad woman Bai died. Otherwise, that brat would have gone crazy long ago. Zhu Rong said.

"Enough, don’t say anymore. We just need to know. There’s nothing else for us to do now anyway." Yun Xiaodao laughed.

Xue Xianxian and Leng Youlan were already thought to be dead, but since the Divine Weapons Heavenly Country was still functioning normally, and Xue Xianxian and Xue Xianxian did not show their faces, even if they faked their deaths, there was nothing inconvenient about it.

Chen Xiang had already arrived at the Chen Martial Continent’s Divine Weapon Palace. The important people of the Divine Weapon Sect were all inside the man-made profound Realm, so the security at the entrance of the profound Realm was extremely tight. It was therefore very difficult for ordinary people to enter, and it took Chen Xiang quite a bit of effort to get people to bring him in.

Xue Xianxian and Leng Youlan were in the Divine Weapon profound Realm, just like usual. It was just that they rarely left the profound Realm, and when they had something important to discuss with the elders, it would be fine.

Chen Xiang quietly went to Xue Xianxian’s room. Xue Xianxian had just finished showering and was combing her hair, she was wearing very little, only a thin white muslin dress sticking closely to her perfect and wet body. Looking at it from the back, it was extremely enticing.

"My little wife, how does it feel to be faking your death." Chen Xiang suddenly appeared from behind and hugged Xue Xianxian’s waist.

Surprised, Xue Xianxian’s body trembled. The Innate Qi erupted, but after knowing that it was Chen Xiang, she immediately retracted her power and pouted. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Just as she turned her head around, her pink little mouth was held by Chen Xiang. A impatient tongue entered her mouth, violently stirring until it was entangled with that soft and tender tongue. Only then was she satisfied and comforted, calmed down, enjoying this intimate entanglement.

At this moment, they were like a married couple who had just gotten married. After all, they often separated, and not long after, Chen Xiang had taken off the thin gauze dress she was wearing as a kiss. A pair of big hands was moving around the perfect jade body, caressing the beautiful things on it.

The two of them kissed each other while breathing heavily, then they got into bed ...

Leng Youlan had been working very hard during this period. Whenever she had time, she would go train, she had just returned from cultivation elsewhere, and when she reached the hall, she heard very weak moans and the man’s breathing, which she was very familiar with.

"This... Once elder brother came back, he started playing with senior sister. It was so boring. He took off all his clothes and rolled around on the bed. There was no point in bumping into him. " Leng Youlan vaguely remembered that Chen Xiang and Xue Xianxian did this at that cave.

"It seems that they will be working here for at least an entire day. It’s better for me to continue practicing." Leng Youlan shook his head and sighed, before leaving again.

Actually, Chen Xiang and Xue Xianxian were also training, they were cultivating together.

Daybreak had arrived, and the two of them had awoken after their moment of joy.

"Little Scoundrel, why is your body so strong?" Xue Xianxian fiercely slashed at the flesh on Chen Xiang’s waist, but it did not cause Chen Xiang to scream in pain, the degree of toughness of his body, caused her to be extremely shocked.

"Didn’t you also undergo the Nirvana tribulation? How did you do it? I risked my life just to pass the Nirvana tribulation. I already feel that I am fast enough. It seems that you have ascended faster than me." Chen Xiang rubbed her chest and laughed.

"This is a secret technique that the Elder Sister Meng’er passed on to me and Youlan. It must not be told to anyone else, including you." Xue Xianxian scoffed, patted Chen Xiang’s bad hand away, and walked towards the bathroom.

After that, Chen Xiang also followed with a smile on his face. After taking a shower with Xue Xianxian, they walked out of the room only to see Leng Youlan sitting in the middle of the hall, chewing on a snow pear.

Leng Youlan said: "You all truly lost all hope, you all wasted an entire day on that broken bed, and today’s cultivation, has made me stronger, and also made me remember the drawing methods of several spirit arrays."

Chen Xiang pinched her face and laughed: "My good little sister is really hardworking, brother really didn’t love you for nothing."

Leng Youlan stuck out his tongue, and laughed: "Of course, little sister, I think that this is very strong. How about we go out and fight, it’s more interesting than you and Senior Sister being able to sleep in bed everyday."

Seeing Chen Xiang’s helpless face, Leng Youlan laughed again: "Old brother, I won’t laugh at you guys. It’s rare for you to come back, so just go crazy with Senior Sister.

"Stupid girl, it’s rare for you to be so enlightened." Xue Xianxian scolded.

Leng Youlan pouted and said: "Brother, I am faking my death right now, I am not feeling happy at all. Something has happened to my Icy Wind Valley, help me take a look.

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "That’s good, I will go over now, maybe Fire Divine Palace is up to something, before they launch their all-out attack, they will weaken us, so we have to be on guard."

Just as Chen Xiang was about to leave, Leng Youlan pulled him back and said. "Brother, you should stay for a few more days, since it’s not an urgent matter. I can’t take responsibility for delaying you and Senior Sister."

"This girl is getting more and more enlightened, to actually know how to use me and Xianxian." Chen Xiang pinched her nose and laughed.

From Chen Xiang’s point of view, although there were people missing in the Icy Wind Valley, they could not find out about it. This was a huge matter, at this critical juncture, such matters could not be ignored.

Before he left, Xue Xianxian even warned him to be careful of that Divine Devil Cult, because she felt that he had already arrived at the New Imperial Heaven World and upon hearing the three words "Divine Devil Cult", his expression became even more solemn.