Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Pan Yunlan knew that at this time, Chen Xiang was worried that Fire Divine Palace, the powerful Immortal Monarch, would bring a large group of people to attack Chen Martial Continent.

After a moment’s thought, she said, "They didn’t dare attack us, so they might have been worried about that."

"What are you worried about?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"Your hometown... Do you remember where you were born? Xianxian and You Lan were also born at, and Meng’er went to investigate some things that year. After that, she coincidentally bumped into Xue Xianxian and took him in as her disciple. "

Pan Yunlan’s words were like a bolt of lightning that struck Chen Xiang’s body. His father, his clansmen were all in that world and his sudden disappearance at that time was not a small blow to him.

Now that he heard Pan Yunlan’s words, he finally remembered that the place he was born in, was a place that hid some sort of secret.

"What happened to my hometown?" Chen Xiang had always wanted to know, but Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou seemed to know a little. His master Huang Jintian, Gu Dongchen and the others also knew a little.

"That is... In truth, this is nothing much to us, but to the people from that place, it might not be a good thing, but your family members will not die, so it will be fine. Your master has always been hiding it from you, but he was worried that after you find out about the things there, you would do something excessive.

Hearing that something bad was going to happen there, Chen Xiang suddenly grabbed onto his father tightly. He did not wish for his father to be in danger, as he was his family.

"What the hell is going on there?" Chen Xiang lowered his head, his expression extremely solemn.

It is said that there is a very powerful tomb here, and the place where this tomb is located will disappear at a special time, and then appear again. And the people who are at the top of the tomb will all become tomb watchers, and they have very strong powers, but they are all restricted by the tomb, and as for the consequences, we are not too clear. "Yun Che’s eyes flashed with a trace of coldness.

"Is this the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord’s tomb?" Chen Xiang immediately thought of this. Ten Heavens Supreme Lord’s grave had always been a mystery, he did not know where it was.

"We are not sure either. In short, that tomb belongs to a strong Ranker, and as for whether it is Ten Heavens Supreme Lord’s tomb, we are not sure either." Pan Yunlan shook his head.

"Then why is the Fire Divine Palace afraid of that place? Didn’t that place already disappear." Chen Xiang asked again. That place had already disappeared, so there was no reason for Fire Divine Palace to be afraid.

The energy of the Chen Martial Continent is just used to maintain that world’s circulation. If they send out too many strong warriors to attack the sects here and disrupt the balance here, then that mortal world might appear and the people guarding the tomb would come out to start a massacre. "Ling Chen said in a low voice. Pan Yunlan said.

If the Immortal Monarch were to make a move, they could destroy an entire place. If there were a lot of casualties here, then a lot of death aura would accumulate. If there was a lot of death aura, it would corrode the spirit energy here, causing a lot of energy to dissipate.

"What tomb is that? Doesn’t that mean my father is the tomb watcher? Do they even have their own intentions?" Chen Xiang asked, he really couldn’t imagine how his father and clansmen could have been saved from that place.

When the secular world disappears, the people in the upper echelons will all gain in strength. If you want to know if your father and the others are in any danger, it would be best if you know who the owner of the tomb is. If it’s a good person, then they shouldn’t be in any big trouble. Pan Yunlan said.

Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou were also aware of this matter, Chen Xiang thought that they should also not be clear about who the tomb master was, if not they would have reminded him when he was looking for the Emperor’s Tomb, and they might not be sure whether or not the tomb was the Emperor’s Tomb.

"Actually, with regards to the Chen Martial Continent, the local sects can solve their own problems, and the hidden strength of our place is not weak either. You can cultivate in peace, and make your preparations to fly up, Heaven Realm is what you youngsters should go to, if it’s really peaceful here at that time, I will also go to the Heaven Realm." Pan Yunlan smiled at Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang left the Icy Wind Valley and returned to the Divine Weapons Heavenly Country. He did not talk too much with Xue Xianxian and the others, but only told them that Pan Yunlan would come over and explain everything clearly. He then returned to the Dragon Subduing School, and arrived at the dragon vein deep in the middle of the Evil Dragon Graveyard.

The mysterious tomb was clearly absorbing the energy of the Chen Martial Continent, and in the future, a dragon vein would appear in the Chen Martial Continent. If he connected the two together, he could guess that the person in the tomb might use the dragon veins to revive themselves.

"Little Naughty Dragon, what do you think about this? Didn’t sister Meiyao and elder sister You You You say a lot about that tomb?" Chen Xiang lied in the place where the dragon veins used to store the dragon pearls. He hadn’t returned for a few years, and the quality of the Spar that made up the dragon veins had also improved a lot.

"He didn’t tell me, but you can ask White Tiger. Maybe he knows something." Long Xueyi said.

"I don’t think so, but I don’t think that tomb had anything to do with that period. Otherwise, those ancient powers would have attacked the Chen Martial Continent a long time ago." Chen Xiang shook his head.

He had asked Duan Chong before, and Duan Chong did not know about this matter, so he thought so.

"To be able to cause the Fire Divine Palace to worry, it seems that the owner of that tomb is very strong, but he is not from the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord. Chen Xiang was very curious in his heart, and there was no way to investigate it. Of course, this was all to find out whether or not his father was safe there.

Chen Xiang had returned to the Dragon Vein, and the growth of the Dragon Vein was extremely fast, so he did not need to worry about the Dragon Vein being used up just because he was cultivating here.

For many years, the energy of the great formation of the Evil Dragon Graveyard and the Evil Dragon Graveyard was maintained by this dragon vein, but not only did the energy of the dragon vein not decrease, it had even increased.

Chen Xiang had secretly returned, and other disciples were forbidden from entering this place, so very few people knew that Chen Xiang had returned, only the patriarch and the few old men from Earth’s Core Race knew about it.

"Let’s see if I can cultivate the Fire Soul here. The flame is my bottleneck right now, and without strong flames, it would be difficult for me to refine a medium-grade Heaven level pill. Even refining a low-grade Heaven level pill would be a little difficult."

Chen Xiang closed his eyes and began probing into the geocentric crystal. He wanted to trigger the energy within to strengthen his Fire Soul and at the same time let the seed of Heaven Fire sprout. If he could fuse all of these together, perhaps his Fire Soul could ascend a very large step.

"You just refined a low grade Heaven level Pellet, and you’re already thinking of middle grade? Take it slow ..." Refine some low grade Heaven level pills that are suitable for me to eat first, I have been waiting for a long time. " Long Xueyi said.

"I know that, but it’s already difficult for me to refine a Hunyuan Dan now, and I might even fail if I don’t. It’s not like you don’t know, if it wasn’t for the resonance between the Hunyuan tree root and mine, it would be extremely difficult for me to refine a cauldron of Hunyuan Dan." Chen Xiang said: "This Hunyuan Dan is relatively easy to refine. If it was a Flying Dan, then I think that my current flames should be difficult to deal with." Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"Flying Dan are not useful to you, if you don’t go through the tribulation, it’s equivalent to wasting an opportunity to improve yourself, will you be willing to part with it? I heard sister Meiyao say before that there is a type of pill called Tianlong Dan, which is specially made for dragons to eat, rank is determined by the quality of the medicinal ingredients, if the medicinal ingredients are of the lower Heaven level quality, it can be refined into Tianlong Dan of the same quality. Long Xueyi said.

"Alright, I’ll help you collect the medicinal ingredients when I have time." Of course Chen Xiang had to agree to her request. Raising this little dragon to be strong was beneficial to him.

Long Xueyi did not want to disturb Chen Xiang’s cultivation at this time. The fact that Chen Xiang’s flames could grow meant that he could refine even more high levelled pills. This was a good thing.

Previously, Chen Xiang had had a chance to trigger the hidden flame energy in his body, and could instantly fuse it into a very strong Fire Soul. But at that time, he knew that his own body could not endure it, which was why he did not do it.

However, it was extremely difficult for him to bring out the hidden potential.