Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

However, these supernatural powers usually require some time to be unleashed. For example, the Heavenly dragon seal, as well as the Art of Change, the God Power will transform into a strange energy that will change the structure of the human body and assimilate it into other things. Originally, all living things in the world would originate from the same source, but this is the point where the transformation technique is used.

Whenever she talked about the divine way, Long Xueyi would always talk about it, so she really hoped that both Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou would have the divine soul, then she could impart to them all the knowledge of the divine way every day.

Long Xueyi continued to speak, "Divine power is a product of the evolution of the consciousness, and the special characteristic is that it can accommodate the same amount of soul power, but it is many times stronger than the divine power. However, if you use these two powers directly, at most, it can only be used as a mental attack.

"So that’s how it is. Then what happened to your Dragon Power?" Chen Xiang asked.

"We were born with a Dragon Power, but we also have a God wind. If we can cultivate a God wind and use it together with a Dragon Power, that would be the strongest." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang was shocked. The dragons of the Imperial Dragon Clan were powerful indeed, and these things were naturally theirs. No wonder there were only a few of them, but they had a place in the vast worlds of other races. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"If I can cultivate the God wind, can I use it to release flames?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course you can, but I don’t know how strong you are. I’m a White Dragon, and although I can release fire, I don’t have a professional fire dragon that’s familiar with this sort of thing." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang felt that if he wanted to release that super strong flame, just using Innate Qi would not be enough. He felt that even if he himself became a Immortal Monarch, he wouldn’t be able to use that flame for too long.

"Leader, Elder Duan had just sent a message from the Dragon Subduing City that someone was here to cause trouble, and he even hit one of our people." The patriarch of the Earth’s Core Race, Tie Li, was sending a message to Chen Xiang from outside.

The message that came from outside would stop inside a jade pearl. As long as Chen Xiang finished cultivating, he would check if there was any news from inside the jade pearl.

"Elder Iron, do you know who has come to cause trouble? What’s the actual situation?" Chen Xiang did not want to go out right now. He still planned to refine some pellets and condense the embryo of the eighth day pellet. After he could improve his Innate Qi, he would then find some medicinal ingredients that could strengthen his divine soul and use them to refine pills.

"There are only three of them, but they are very strong. The strongest one should be in the intermediate stage of the Worldly Immortal Stage, but Elder Li and Elder Duan find it difficult to deal with them." Tie Li said.

Duan Chong and Li Baojun were both powerful immortals of the Late period of human immortal, but they were unable to deal with the intermediate Worldly Immortal Stage. This meant that those who came to cause trouble were frighteningly strong, with great potential.

"Isn’t he from Fire Divine Palace?" Chen Xiang asked again, he was already outside.

"No, I heard that they were called the Dragon Slaying Clan, and they said that they went through so much trouble to come down from the Heaven Realm, and they were here for us." Tie Li said.

Chen Xiang frowned. Running down from the Heaven Realm at this time must have used a lot of power, and this was all for the sake of the Dragon Subduing School.

Chen Xiang obviously would not reveal his identity at this time, but he had to take a look. He used the Transmission array that had just been set up here and went to a secret room in the Dragon Subduing City.

"What dogshit about exterminating the dragon race? I’ve never heard of that before. I really want to go out and see just how capable these guys are." Long Xueyi was very unhappy. The reason she allowed Chen Xiang’s Dragon Subduing School to exist was because she wanted to go with Chen Xiang to kill dragons in the future, and kill those old dragons in the Imperial Dragon Clan that she hated the most.

The moment Chen Xiang walked out of the secret room, he immediately sensed an extremely dense aura of the Dragon Power.

"Looks like it’s very strong. It should be due to the cultivation of the powerful Dragon extinction that it has such power." Chen Xiang muttered, and rushed to the direction where the Dragon Power was released.

"Hmph, I really want to go out and teach this arrogant guy a lesson." Long Xueyi had a kind of inexplicable hatred toward that aura, and it was even the kind that she hated so much. As for why, she couldn’t explain it either.

Chen Xiang arrived at the location of the incident. This was outside the city, Li Baojun and Duan Chong were there, and there were a lot of people standing and watching from outside the city.

Behind Li Baojun and the others, there were a few young men who were injured and lying down. It seemed like they were the ones that Tie Li had mentioned earlier.

Duan Chong and Li Baojun were facing three people who were dressed in snow-white robes. One of them was an old man, one was middle-aged and the other was a young man.

"These three fellows are really bored to death, they came down from the Heaven Realm to be so arrogant. They must have spent a huge price to come down, and it wouldn’t be easy for them to go up there." Long Xueyi said.

The young man looked at Li Baojun and said: "I already said, ask your Leader to come out and see me, and don’t try to fool me with any more reasons. If your Leader is really sealed, then don’t open this Dragon Subduing School, and shut it off immediately."

You just came down from Heaven Realm, so you don’t know the situation. Most people in this New Imperial Heaven World know that our Leader is sealed by the great array of the Fire Divine Palace, and that the seal can even seal the Immortal King. Duan Chong said.

Chen Xiang walked over and when they saw him, a few of them anxiously said: "Look, isn’t that the powerful pill refining elder from Dragon Subduing School? His pill refining skills have already reached a higher level and it’s going to be interesting.

Chen Xiang had appeared this time because he wanted others to know that there were many powerful elders in the Dragon Subduing School.

I only have one seal here. Although it is not as powerful as the one that sealed the Immortal King, it is more than enough to seal the three of you. Chen Xiang said without a trace of politeness.

Then, he looked at Li Baojun and Duan Chong, and asked: "Where did these three guys come from? Did they injure our people?"

"You ... Let me tell you this, we are the genuine Dragon Slaying Clan, we have an extremely strong destructive capacity. Even in the Heaven Realm, our name is well-known, and after knowing that you guys have a Dragon Subduing School in Di Tian, we thought that you aren’t qualified enough to have that name. That’s why we came down to have you give control of the Dragon Subduing School to us. " The middle-aged man shamelessly said,