Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

After Leng Youlan heard this, he immediately became excited: "I agree, we should have long been killing these bastards, forcing them to be so tight."

Xue Xianxian thought for a moment, then nodded: "Do you have a concrete plan?"

Chen Xiang said: "I do, but first I need you all to refine a Transmission array Plate that I can carry around with me, and then a Death-haunting arrow like this ..."

He took out the Death-haunting arrow and continued to speak: "Your Divine Weapon Sect’s secret hall should have this kind of item. The quality must be good, it requires around 500 of these."

"Our secret hall only has a hundred people, and they are all first-rate assassins who have been carefully trained to be masters. You should know that to use Death-haunting arrow, you need to have a strong concealment ability, and also need a large amount of highly toxic poison." Xue Xianxian said, the refining method of the Death-haunting arrow was something that Liu Meng’er and Dongfang Xinyue had passed on to her.

Refining five hundred at a time, this was a huge feat, and he also needed to refine the Transmission array’s array disc. Of course, this was all for the sake of silently attacking the Fire Divine Palace.

"I have the person, so you don’t have to worry. Can you guys finish it though? If it was within a year, you guys could probably make a lot of it." Chen Xiang asked.

Xue Xianxian and Leng Youlan looked at each other and said, "If you add in the formation plate, we should be able to complete it within a year, but we’ll be a bit busy."

Leng Youlan patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder, and laughed: "Brother, it’s not like the two of us are going to refine it, when that time comes, we will use the secret refining team from the Divine Weapon Sect to help us.

"So that’s the case, I have a strong poison, and a very strong one at that, you don’t have to worry about that, when the time comes, I guarantee that I can catch the Fire Divine Palace off guard." Chen Xiang also laughed, his laugh was extremely sinister.

"Then go find Qianqian and have her Dan Fragrance Pure Land refine some more pills. We’ll need them when the time comes." Xue Xianxian said.

Although the Dragon Subduing School was also refining pills, that was for the entire Dragon Subduing School. If the Dan Fragrance Pure Land was to join, the pressure on him would be greatly reduced.

"Yes, I will go now." Chen Xiang nodded.

"Just go and discuss the proper matters. Don’t go to her place and mess around, don’t hurt her ..." Xue Xianxian looked at Chen Xiang with a profound gaze, and said softly.

Chen Xiang was startled: "I know."

After leaving the Divine Weapons Heavenly Country, Chen Xiang did not immediately go to the Dan Fragrance Pure Land, but instead, went there.

The current Leader was called Chen Jiantian, and he was an elder of the Super Martial School in the past. Furthermore, his strength was not bad, of course, he was weaker than Gu Dongchen.

Currently, Super Martial School’s overall strength was still very strong. Although Gu Dongchen, Wu Kaiming and Huang Jintian were not present, Super Martial School was still the leader of the Chen Martial Continent.

If they wanted to attack the Fire Divine Palace, naturally they would need the Super Martial School’s help. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Inside the Super Martial profound Realm, Chen Jiatian and Chen Xiang were in a secret room. When he found out that Chen Xiang had sneaked out of the seal without anyone noticing, he was extremely shocked, but after being surprised, he felt that it was a very normal thing.

Chen Jiantian was a middle-aged man, and always had a very kind smile on his face. If it was in turn, Chen Xiang should be considered his elder since he was after all the disciple of a few previous Leader.

"Old Chen, I won’t waste time with you. This time, I’ve come to let you all prepare." Chen Xiang went straight to the point, and said: "Prepare to attack Fire Divine Palace, we cannot let them attack us all the time, we need to fight them too."

The Fire Divine Palace was very strong overall, and she even had an Immortal King, but Chen Jia knew that Chen Xiang would never do something that he had no confidence in.

"Tell me what our Chen Martial Continent is going to do first." Chen Jiantian asked.

Before we attack, we will figure out the number of experts they have, and at that time, we will have someone who can fight against their experts. Then, the Super Martial School will have to directly attack the other disciples of their Fire Divine Palace, which is only a temporary plan, so we need your Super Martial School to prepare and select a few good disciples to train with.

"No problem. If the Fire Divine Palace attacks the Chen Martial Continent, then our Super Martial School will also fight. It would be better for us to act earlier so that we can lessen the pressure." "When do you plan to make your move?" Li Jiayi asked.

"Around a year, I feel that the Fire Divine Palace is about to attack the Chen Martial Continent. They had previously had one of their Sacred Fire School killed, so they need to take a breather, and the last time they came to our Dragon Subduing City to provoke us, they lost a lot of pills as well, so they don’t have enough strength in the near future." Chen Xiang said.

Fire Divine Palace and that Divine Devil Cult also secretly clashed with each other, causing Fire Divine Palace to suffer a certain amount of losses, which was why Chen Xiang was so sure.

Hearing Chen Xiang mention about the Sacred Fire School, Chen Jie Tian’s heart was moved. He had thought that the matter of the Sacred Fire School being killed had a huge secret, and now he was sure that it was Chen Xiang who had killed him secretly.

After greeting the Super Martial School, Chen Xiang went to the Lotus Island again. The island master of the Lotus Island was also a talented person, he was the son of Lian Yingxiao, and the relationship between Lian Yingxiao and him was not bad. One of the sons, Lian Mingdong, was even’s friend.

Therefore, Chen Xiang and the new Island Master could not really get along well.

If not, Lian Yingxiao would not have passed on the position to him. He was the same as Lian Yingxiao, he had extremely handsome looks.

Chen Xiang told him of his plans to attack Fire Divine Palace, and he agreed to participate as well. He would immediately make preparations in secret, and when that happened, they would work together to catch Fire Divine Palace off guard.

Finally, Chen Xiang went to the Dan Fragrance Pure Land. As for the Proud Sword Sect and the Beast Martial School, these two sects had long since fallen, and there were even some core members of the sect who went to the Fire Divine Palace to seek refuge. That was why Chen Xiang did not go and find them.

She had to be like Chen Xiang, who did not need the Foreseeing Alchemy to refine the Heaven level pills. She knew that if she used the Foreseeing Alchemy, it would still take a very, very long time to refine the Heaven level.

Chen Xiang entered the cave inside the Dan Fragrance Pure Land and arrived at the secret room. Seeing that Wu Qianqian had just opened his eyes, he laughed, "Little Qianqian, you are really working hard."

"I’m older than you, you should call me Sister Qianqian."

Wu Qianqian rolled his eyes at him. Just as he got off the bed, Chen Xiang turned into a gust of wind and flew over, hugging this beautiful tender girl and letting her sit on his lap.

Seeing that Wu Qianqian’s elegant and beautiful face had a tinge of redness on it, he couldn’t help but kiss that pink lips of hers.

"Cultivating consciousness is truly difficult. I really don’t know when I’ll be able to reach your level. You’re truly a freak, yet your consciousness is this strong." Wu Qianqian lightly leaned on Chen Xiang’s chest, and faintly sighed.

Chen Xiang also wanted her to quickly raise her consciousness. After all, it was extremely useful for refining pills, but it wouldn’t be fast unless he could find the God Demon Pool Water used by the Divine Devil Cult and help Wu Qianqian cultivate a divine way Soul Nascent Soul.

Even Long Xueyi was unable to quickly raise a person’s consciousness.

"Take your time. This kind of thing cannot be rushed. You must have a steady path, or else you will easily go berserk." Chen Xiang supported her hair.

"Yeah, I just don’t want the gap between you and me to get bigger and bigger."

Wu Qianqian lifted his head and passionately kissed Chen Xiang for a moment.

At this time, Chen Xiang finally mentioned to Wu Qianqian about the matter of attacking the Fire Divine Palace, but the other powers had already agreed to it, so of course Wu Qianqian would not oppose it. Furthermore, she had wanted to do this for a long time, so every single force within the Chen Martial Continent was being forced into a tight corner.

After greeting all the different forces in Chen Martial Continent, Chen Xiang even went to Devil-subduing College, which was a force that had always had a lot of grudges against Fire Divine Palace. Zuo Zhenxuan promised very quickly, and at that time, he would definitely give his all to attack Fire Divine Palace, because Devil-subduing College was also a big threat to him, so if Chen Martial Continent and Dragon Subduing School were to be killed, it was very likely that Devil-subduing College would be next.

"I’ll have to work hard next. Hopefully, I’ll be able to increase my strength a little within a year. Once my identity is revealed, quite a few guys will come after me."

Returning to the Dragon Vein, Chen Xiang took a deep breath, then began to condense the creation divine liquid.