Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

The Immortal Monarch only knew that there were people ambushing this place, but when he came out, he saw that most of the Fire Divine Palace’s disciples were lying on the ground, and their bodies had exploded one after another into a pool of blood. He was enraged, and with a wave of his hand, he used Fire cloud palm.

Just when everyone felt the terrifying pressure, a strong killing intent appeared out of nowhere and Bai Zhan also took action, transforming into a white shadow, he instantly appeared above and punched at the gigantic flame palm, the White Tiger Fighting Race’s berserk power exploded out like a white tiger’s roar, causing the entire plaza to shake slightly.

The destruction of the Fire cloud palm by Bai Zhan’s fist caused the Immortal Monarch to be extremely shocked, he never thought that his opponent would have such a powerful expert.

It was very possible that this place would be destroyed. Bai Zhan was also afraid of hurting his own people, so he immediately ran to a place far away, then the Immortal Monarch would naturally chase after him. If he could severely injure one of the s, then that would be a great accomplishment, although many of Fire Divine Palace’s disciples would be killed by him.

The disciples that were transferred from the Chen Martial Continent had all learnt the Demon Subduing Martial Arts, especially the core students and teacher level experts of the Devil-subduing College. They were even more powerful.

"You Lan, where’s Xianxian? Hasn’t she come?" In the midst of the chaos, Chen Xiang suddenly saw Leng Youlan. Her white hair was extremely eye-catching, furthermore, this violent dragon girl was extremely savage, wherever the big sword in her hand went, blood and flesh would immediately fly everywhere.

Leng Youlan had held it in for a long time, the Divine Weapons Heavenly Country had been attacked multiple times, all they could do was resist, but now it was finally their turn to retaliate.

"She’s over there with a group of people." Leng Youlan hurriedly replied.

Chen Xiang shook his head, looking for Xue Xianxian, and indeed saw Xue Xianxian bringing a few older Ranker, specially looking for stronger Spirit Demons to kill, this could prevent the stronger Spirit Demons from attacking the weaker disciples.

"We have to get rid of these demons as soon as possible." Chen Xiang thought, and took out the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword.

The Green dragon demon-slain broadsword that was hiding in the snow for a long time suddenly appeared, and sensed such a strong demonic aura, it immediately became excited. The blade slightly trembled, and released wave after wave of low and low dragon roars filled with might. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Many people here knew that the terrifying aura that suddenly appeared was from the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword.

The one who planned the ambush was Chen Xiang, but only a few knew of it, and the people who came here, were all clan elders of the sects who were familiar with Chen Xiang, as well as a few elite disciples.

Chen Xiang suddenly appeared here, and the surprise attack was so smooth, everyone immediately understood that it must be because Chen Xiang was here.

Furthermore, upon seeing Leng Youlan and Xue Xianxian, they immediately understood that they had all been faking death, luring the Fire Divine Palace to attack the Divine Weapons Heavenly Country on purpose and then lying in ambush halfway there.

Taking out the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword meant that Chen Xiang had revealed his identity. At this moment, many demons were extremely terrified.

The sealed Chen Xiang actually appeared here, and the demons knew that the Fire Divine Palace’s seal had failed.

Chen Xiang’s body flickered with holy light. Just the aura of the Devil-suppressing holy power from his body was enough to melt some of the weaker demons.

"Quickly kill him." One of the Devil Cultivator roared, and rushed towards Chen Xiang.

In just an instant, dozens of Nirvana Realm Devil Cultivator s rushed towards Chen Xiang from all directions, and even let out terrifying cries from their mouths, as if they wanted to swallow Chen Xiang whole.

With a stomp of his feet, a Tai Chi formed from golden light suddenly appeared under Chen Xiang’s feet. It quickly spun, and after the incoming Devil Cultivator s stepped into the Tai Chi diagram, the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword in Chen Xiang’s hands stabbed into the ground, and then several Green dragon demon-slain broadsword came out from the ground, spinning with someone on the Tai Chi diagram. The Devil Cultivator s that entered the Array were all smashed into pieces.

This was because Chen Xiang had used the power of the spatial laws to duplicate the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword that was stabbed into the ground.

Dozens of Nirvana Realm Devil Cultivator s instantly turned into a large piece of meat. Some of the stronger demons in the distance saw this and felt a cold shiver down their spines, as they did not dare approach Chen Xiang.

When the others saw this scene, they felt that Chen Xiang had become even more powerful. They didn’t know what Chen Xiang had been doing for the past decade, and what he had become so terrifying.

"Seize his divine blade." While speaking, a red blood shadow suddenly leaped towards Chen Xiang.

"It’s the Seven Blood Bat Demons, Chen Xiang is dead for sure, the seven Blood Bats are all from the Demon Immortal Grade, they are fast, have fierce attacks, and can suck his blood in an instant." A demon sneered.

Sensing that there were actually seven dangerous auras pressing down on him, Chen Xiang laughed coldly in his heart. If it was before, he might have felt a lot of pressure if he still had not cultivated Body of Heavenly Sage, but with his current physical strength, he could stand shoulder to shoulder with a Worldly Immortal. He was not afraid even if he was in the late stage of the Worldly Immortal Stage, let alone these demons.

If it was a demon, it would be easier to kill.

Chen Xiang suddenly took out a copper mirror. As soon as the copper mirror appeared, Chen Xiang poured a lot of Devil-suppressing holy power s into it, causing the copper mirror to look like a small blazing sun.

"Using Devil-suppressing mirror s is enough to deal with these guys." Chen Xiang threw the Devil-suppressing mirror in his hands into the air, and the light released by the Holy Light Shining Mirror shrouded Chen Xiang’s entire body, as if it was a golden domain.

Chen Xiang controlled the Devil-suppressing mirror with his God Power and shot seven rays of light into the body of the Blood Bat Seven Goblin.

The Blood Bat Seven Goblins were accurately hit before they could even get close to Chen Xiang. The Holy Light might not kill them, but it made them feel extremely uncomfortable, causing their speed to become much slower.

Just as they stopped, Chen Xiang disappeared. When he appeared, one of the Blood Bat Demons had already been broken by his hand that was emitting the Holy Demon Suppression Light.

The fusion of the Devil-suppressing holy power and Body of Heavenly Sage made the demon even more powerless to retaliate in front of Chen Xiang.

"Demons, you want to get the Chen Martial Continent, you are too naive, you are just fools used by the Fire Divine Palace, even if the Fire Divine Palace takes the Chen Martial Continent down, you don’t even get a fart."

These Blood Bat Demons were unable to defend against Chen Xiang’s sudden disappearance and appearance. In the blink of an eye, another one was killed by Chen Xiang with a single palm.

When the sealed Chen Xiang came out, not only did he not become weaker, he became even stronger. With just his power alone, he killed the famous Blood Bat Seven Goblin, Demon Realm.

"They retreated, and let me deal with them. You all going to kill Chen Xiang is equivalent to suicide, don’t you all know that he has cultivated Devil-suppressing holy power? He still has Devil-suppressing holy power and Green dragon demon-slain broadsword with him, even if Demon Lord comes, he would probably be injured."

An old man whose entire body was covered in blazing flames landed in front of Chen Xiang. His entire cannon was wildly dancing, and his eyes were blazing with fire.

"It’s the Fire Divine Palace again." Chen Xiang released his divine power, enveloping a large area of demons. After that, he slashed down, and countless Green dragon demon-slain broadsword suddenly appeared out of thin air, slashing onto the demons that were locked on by Chen Xiang’s divine power.

In but a single blow, more than a hundred thousand monsters had perished.

"Using the space laws really consumes a lot." Chen Xiang knew that the power of the spatial laws could be used in many different ways. Not only could it be used to dodge, it could also be used to attack in a large area.

"Little Rascal, do you really think that you can win against us here today? You guys came here today just to die, you’re overestimating yourselves. Don’t think that our Fire Divine Palace only has this much power." the old man said angrily.

"The old man here is from the Late period of human immortal, do you need help?" Long Xueyi asked.

"Not now."

The old man had already launched his attack. His first attack was a very fierce one. Countless fist-sized palms came flying towards him. The powerful palm along with the powerful flames created a huge crater on the ground.

Within a circumference of three hundred meters, it was enveloped by countless fire palms. Veins popped out on the elder’s forehead as he frantically attacked Chen Xiang.

Seeing that the Fire Divine Palace warriors were about to attack Chen Xiang, many demons felt at ease. At this time, in a few caves at the side of the underground palace, a large group of people dressed in the clothes of Fire Divine Palace suddenly ran out.

"The heavyweight of the fiendish demons is here."

Chen Xiang rushed out of the sea of flames, waved his Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and slashed at the old man. Canglang Slash, Lightning Slash, and Angry dragon slay struck out continuously, and the old man could only block them all in the face of this berserk attack.