Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

When the two Immortal King Stage Great Leaders of Fire Divine Palace arrived, Chen Xiang and the others did not dare to act rashly. Furthermore, they felt a small pressure, but everyone else believed that Chen Xiang could handle it.

If it was the Immortal Monarch, he would naturally be able to solve the problem with Bai Zhan. However, the Immortal Monarch who cultivated the divine way was indeed very powerful, and could fight Bai Zhan to a standstill.

"Hall Master, almost all of our disciples have died." The Immortal Monarch said angrily.

"I know." The hall master’s face became gloomy and cold, Wang Qiongjin also clenched his fists, and wanted to attack.

Chen Xiang laughed coldly: "We’ve waited so long for you all to come and attack us so I can only make the first move. Furthermore, we can’t possibly allow you all to attack us from so far away."

The higher ups of the Fire Divine Palace understood what Chen Xiang meant, he did not expect the Chen Martial Continent to attack them, nor did he expect them to attack him.

"I’m going to kill you." That hall master’s expression suddenly turned sinister.

Sensing the Palace Master’s killing intent, Chen Xiang and the others started to panic. However, at this time, a ball of black aura suddenly appeared between the two parties. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

After the black Qi dissipated, he saw that it was actually a White Tiger, the Great Clan Elder of the Dragon Subduing School.

If you want to take revenge, then wait until Di Tian fully matures before attacking again. Your Fire Divine Palace has a very ancient foundation, but you still lost to this group of juniors today.

The White Tiger lightly looked at the people from Fire Divine Palace, but that group of people could feel an incomparably strong killing intent.

Previously, the Palace Master and Wang Qiongjin had only thought that the Great Elder of the Dragon Subduing School was also an Immortal King or a rather powerful Immortal King, but now that they had seen the Great Elder, they knew that he was definitely not just an Immortal King. As for his strength, they could not see through it either, but he had already far surpassed the Immortal King level, and could easily kill them.

Even in the Heaven Realm, these two Immortal King Level Rankers had never seen such a terrifyingly strong expert. They had never been pressured by this kind of pressure either.

When the White Tiger appeared, Chen Xiang knew that it was finally going to end.

"Chen Xiang, you better not fly to Heaven Realm. Otherwise, you won’t live for long." The hall master spat out a few harsh words before leading his men away through the array disc.

"Will they be able to return to the Heaven Realm? If I fly up to the Heaven Realm in the future and can’t meet them, it would be too boring." Chen Xiang wasn’t afraid at all, he was grateful that the White Tiger hadn’t killed them yet, because he wanted to do it himself.

"They will definitely return. There are so many people who have surpassed the Nirvana Stage. It will be difficult for them to grow by staying here." The White Tiger looked at the bloody scene around it, shook its head, and sighed. "You can all go back now."

Immortal King level beings could not meddle in too many things. For the White Tiger to have Bai Zhan come out to help was already an exception, Chen Xiang could understand.

In the future, they would have to rely on themselves to ensure peace in the Human Realm.

Everyone left one after the other. Their losses could not be considered heavy, but some good seedlings had died, thus many of the Great Leaders were somewhat heavy. However, from then on, they removed the threat of Fire Divine Palace.

After solving the problem that was the Fire Divine Palace, everyone still had to discuss how to deal with the demon and completely drive it away. They did not believe that the demon and human race could live peacefully together, because they had already witnessed the savagery of the demon and had wanted to find the demon for negotiations many times but most of the envoys they sent did not come back.

Without Fire Divine Palace, this sh * t guy who was messing around in the three realms of the Human Demon Realm, the various forces in the Human Realm could join hands. To deal with the demons, there was no longer a need for Dragon Subduing School to do anything.

The matter of exorcising the demons would be handled by the Devil-subduing College. Of course, it would not be done by the Devil-subduing College himself, but the Devil-subduing College would gather the various sects in the Human Realm and discuss the best strategy.

It was a rare opportunity, so Chen Xiang, Yun Xiaodao and the others got together with them. At this moment, everyone’s goal was to break through quickly and rise as fast as possible.

"The person who ascended the fastest here should be the boss of the Leader." Xiao Chou laughed.

"Ah... Wouldn’t it mean that our Dragon Subduing School will not have any more Leader in the future? " Lan Lan laughed: "How about this, after Leader flies up, Leader will temporarily do it for me."

"Lan Lan, it’s not easy to be a Leader. If you’re just playing with him in front of everyone, you might as well create your own sect." Yan Yanran chuckled.

Chen Xiang shook his head: "Don’t worry, I will definitely be the last one to ascend."

Even though he looked extremely powerful, the further he went, the harder it was for him to break through.

They were all young, and looked forward to the Heaven Realm. Furthermore, Huang Jintian, Gu Dongchen and the others had already gone to the Heaven Realm, they thought that if they could follow Gu Dongchen and the others, they would be able to get along well, and would not have to worry about not having any relatives or relatives.

Even if the Heaven Realm did not have anyone familiar with him, Chen Xiang was not worried. Furthermore, he planned to go to the Heaven Realm in the future and not find anyone he knew. Furthermore, he felt that many of the old fellows in the Heaven Realm were waiting for him to go to the Heaven Realm as his Green dragon demon-slain broadsword was very famous in the Heaven Realm.

"Celestial Slain Method, Ground killing, God slain method. Currently, I only have these three killings, as well as Alive Slain Method and Beast Slain Method, I have yet to find them. I wonder if they are all still in Di Tian."

If he had not gathered all of the Heaven Earth Killing Method, Chen Xiang did not want to leave Di Tian at all. Otherwise, who knew how many years it would take for him to return to Di Tian.

"Go and ask the tomb robber." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang was on his way now and he wanted to go find him. Back then, Duan Chong knew where the Sacred Beasts Ancient Realm was.

Duan Chong opened the door and saw Chen Xiang. He also knew the reason why Chen Xiang was here.

"You really want to go to Sacred Beasts Ancient Realm?" Duan Chong asked.

"I have to go. If I can’t find the Heaven Earth Killing Method, I just need to cultivate in the other three sects, but I won’t be able to find anything. I keep having the feeling that cultivating the Heaven Earth Killing Method up will require me to be complete." Chen Xiang said.

"Sacred Beasts Ancient Realm is the birthplace of many powerful beasts, famous sacred beasts from all four directions. Phoenix, Dragon and Ten Heavens Supreme Lord came from there." Duan Chong said.

And that Super Old Fire Beast, Chen Xiang knew this.

That would be very dangerous, but Chen Xiang had to go. He knew that he was definitely not going to die, and he also had a lot of experience escaping this place.

"Alright, I’ll give you a map, but this map belongs to the Heaven Realm. After you go up, find out about this place and prepare to head there again."

Duan Chong took out a map and handed it to Chen Xiang. When Chen Xiang opened it, he was stunned.

"This ..." He had seen this map before, and it was from a treasure chest he took out the map of the mysterious Dan Emperor. The White Tiger had previously said that this map was in the Heaven Realm, and it was in a very powerful place at that.

He carefully looked at the map. The mark on the map was exactly the same as the one on the treasure chest.

"How did you get this map?" Chen Xiang asked curiously.

"It was passed down from our ancestors. I only know that this is the Sacred Beasts Ancient Realm, and as for the marked place, I don’t know what’s there either." Duan Chong said: "However, if we follow the route, it might be safer."

Duan Chong’s map did not have the Dan Emperor’s logo, it was just a copy, and what he had taken out from the Treasure Chest was personally drawn by the Dan Emperor himself.

It could be seen that the things that were hidden in this place were definitely not simple. After knowing that the place was the Sacred Beasts Ancient Realm, Chen Xiang suspected that the Beast Slain Method might be hidden there.

The Heaven Earth Killing Method was obtained by the White Tiger. Back then, the White Tiger had distributed it to other powerful Holy Beasts in the Sacred Beasts Ancient Realm to learn together. Many Holy Beasts had modified and created cultivation techniques suitable for them and passed them down, such as the Imperial Dragon Clan’s divine arts.

"If the Beast Slain Method is in the Heaven Realm, then what about the Alive Slain Method?" Chen Xiang felt that the Alive Slain Method might be of great help to him, because that Dragon cohesion kungfu might actually be the Alive Slain Method.