Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Inside the dragon vein, Chen Xiang was staring blankly at a Nature fruit. Originally, he had many Nature fruit, but in the past thirty years, Long Xueyi had eaten most of them, leaving him with only one.

"Why don’t you get Li Baojun to refine a batch of Manifestation Pills for you? With the Nature Manifestation Pills, it will be even faster than eating Hunyuan Dan s." Long Xueyi suddenly ran out from within the ring. He was still lying on Chen Xiang’s back, using his soft and proud snowy mountain to rub against Chen Xiang.

At this moment, Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi had become very close. Chen Xiang put away the Nature fruit, pulled Long Xueyi into his embrace and laughed, "Xue Yi, we don’t think we have ever kissed like this before."

Long Xueyi pursed his lips and snorted: "If you want to kiss, then so be it. When did you become so childish?

With that, Long Xueyi moved his lips closer to her, the active force making Chen Xiang feel ashamed. In terms of kissing, Long Xueyi already had a lot of experience, it was something that he learned when cultivating the Gods join method with her.

At this moment, Chen Xiang only felt Long Xueyi’s soft and sweet tongue stirring violently in his mouth, but of course, he could not show weakness, as he wrapped Long Xueyi’s tongue around his own, and just like that, the two of them fiercely kissed.

"If Sister You You and sister Meiyao wake up, don’t tell them about me and you." Long Xueyi laid on Chen Xiang’s lap, who knew where she got the Spirit Fruit from, as she ate she asked.

Chen Xiang gently caressed her face and watched her eat. He smiled: "What, you’re afraid that sister Meiyao will get jealous."

Long Xueyi laughed tenderly: "No way, she’s definitely jealous, but she already knew what kind of person you, a little scoundrel, were like, I just thought that it would be more exciting if we came here secretly."

"Little mysterious girl, I won’t be training with you for this period of time. I need to get a few Nature fruit s for Elder Li to refine the Good Fortune Pill." Chen Xiang lowered his head and kissed her lips that were covered with fruits.

"Little Scoundrel, you have to quickly grow up so that I can have even more delicious things to eat." Long Xueyi giggled, also kissing Chen Xiang’s face, and then entering into the ring.

The Good Fortune Pill was a middle grade Heaven level pill, it could strengthen the physical body, the Innate Qi and the spiritual sense at the same time. It was more comprehensive and had significant effects, but it was very precious to many people who were at the Nirvana Realm.

Right now, Chen Xiang could eat Hunyuan Dan s to a great extent, but regarding the situation with the Heaven Pellets in his body, no matter how many effects the Hunyuan Dan s had, it would not be able to raise his cultivation in a short period of time and form a pill.

He was able to condense a copy of the Hunyuan Dan’s medicinal ingredients within three days, but the Good Fortune Pill would require fifteen days. Previously, he had used a long time to replicate the Holy level’s medicinal ingredients or the Immortal Grade’s medicinal ingredients.

"This Good Fortune Pill only needs the main ingredient, the Nature fruit. If you need two like the Hunyuan Dan, who knows how long it will take."

After Chen Xiang replicated a Nature fruit, he quickly went to find Li Baojun and gave the Nature fruit to him to refine.

Refining a middle Heaven level pellet was completely different from refining a low rank pellet. The difficulty of refining the Good Fortune Pellet was many times harder than the Hunyuan Dan, but Li Baojun was still willing to refine it, because it could increase his refining level.

"Elder Li, how many pills can you produce?" Chen Xiang asked. Looking at his eyes, it was as if he wished for Li Baojun to refine a basket all of a sudden.

"Don’t even think about it. One pill is my limit. This Manifestation Pill is extremely difficult to refine. However, if it’s a freak like you, there should be no problem with two pills." Li Baojun said.

Chen Xiang was a little disappointed. He did not know how much a Good Fortune Pill could help him to improve.

"Alright, how long will it take for you to finish?"

Li Baojun thought for a moment, then said: "Five days at the earliest, or at the most eight days at the slowest, this Destiny Pellet is really not easy to refine, to have this kind of speed, it is considered one of the top speed amongst the intermediate Dan King."

This speed was still too slow. Chen Xiang couldn’t wait and asked again: "Elder Li, do you have any high grade pills on you? Can you give me some immortal pills?

Li Baojun laughed bitterly: "Forget about immortal pellets, I don’t even have a Heaven level Pellet. I have already eaten them all, but there are a lot of Hunyuan Dan, but you definitely don’t need them .... Oh right, I have three Longevity Dans with me, do you want them? "

"My life is still long. I don’t need it for now." Chen Xiang also laughed bitterly.

Since Li Baojun was able to refine the Longevity Pill, it meant that he was already a Dan Immortal. However, in terms of immortal medicines, he was extremely lacking, and Chen Xiang did not have much.

"Where’s the Mixed diamond Dan?" Chen Xiang asked again, he remembered that he had given the Diamond fruit to Li Baojun before.

"It hasn’t been refined yet. This item isn’t easy to make. I’ll need some time." Li Baojun took out the Diamond fruit.

Chen Xiang’s face was full of helplessness, as long as he returned to the dragon vein and continued to eat his Hunyuan Dan.

"If I don’t absorb the dragon fountain’s power to refine it, it shouldn’t be able to harm me. This dragon fountain’s speed of growth is very fast. If I find anything wrong with it, I will immediately stop it." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang had thought of this since long ago, but he was very clear that if he could absorb the power, it could only be described as "drinking with the cow". The speed of absorption was very fast, and the amount was huge.

"I still won’t. If I accidentally let something go wrong with this dragon fountain, then it’ll be troublesome. At most, I’ll be spending more time here. Anyway, I have plenty of time." Chen Xiang pondered for a moment, before replying.

Closing his eyes, he started to refine the Hunyuan Dan’s medicinal power while at the same time condensing it into a creation divine liquid. After a long time, a dragon’s roar suddenly sounded out from within the dragon vein. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

This woke Chen Xiang from his stupor, and he opened his eyes. The dragon’s roar continued to echo out, and he quickly realised that the dragon’s roar did not come from the dragon’s vein. It was a very strange feeling, and it was likely that only he could hear it.

"Little Naughty Dragon, can you hear the dragon’s call again?" Chen Xiang anxiously asked: "Are you the one shouting?"

Long Xueyi was sleeping. After he was woken up by Chen Xiang, he yawned and said: "When I was hungry, the voice I shouted out didn’t sound like a dragon’s cry at all. It wasn’t me.

"He’s still shouting, but it’s not coming from his ears, nor is it in my mind. It’s a very strange feeling, as if he’s calling me." Chen Xiang said.

Long Xueyi pondered for a moment, then shouted in shock: It’s the dragon vein, but it’s not the dragon vein, it’s the Chen Martial Continent’s vein.

had always been curious as to where the Chen Martial Continent’s dragon meridians were located. Since he had one of his own, he naturally wouldn’t think about finding other dragon meridians. Furthermore, he would leave that to the powers of the Chen Martial Continent to find in the future.

But now, the Chen Martial Continent’s dragon fountain was calling for him.