Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

After Shen Luzong ate the Longevity fruit, he was not half dead like before.

Chen Xiang followed him out of the valley. Initially, he had wanted to call Shen Tianhu to go with him, but the village needed an expert to guard against some of the giant birds and beasts that could fly.

Searching for the blood pool was a very important thing to Shen Luzong, because it would allow him to quickly cultivate a large number of strong warriors. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Grandfather, do you think those pools of blood were taken by the giant beasts?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course it’s possible, but don’t worry, those giant beasts will enter our stomachs sooner or later." After Shen Luzong finished speaking, he thought of something and continued: "When we ate those huge beasts before, our strength increased very quickly. It could be because those huge beasts ate the blood in the blood pool."

Chen Xiang and Shen Luzong were flying in the air, and were very close to the ground.

Most of the trees on the ground were formed from forest that were incomparably tall, and whenever Shen Luzong saw any huge beasts, he would strike out with his palm to kill the huge beasts on the ground. Although those huge beasts were strong, they were nothing in front of a Immortal Monarch like him.

It was rare for Shen Luzong to regain the vigor of his youth, so Chen Xiang did not even need to take action.

On the way, Chen Xiang found that Shen Luzong also had some pretty good martial arts, but after asking, they actually obtained them from somewhere else.

"It’s carved on those giant mountains. There are some circulation diagrams and some chants, but they’re not suitable for you to cultivate ..." As long as you learn those techniques, you will have to stay here and guard the tomb. Only I know of this, you better not tell Tian Hu, otherwise, they will not learn it in order to leave, but right now there is no turning back. "

Just by learning those martial arts, he was already restricted. He originally wanted to go and take a look, but he had already given up on the idea.

After Long Xueyi helped him calculate for a bit, it had been five years here and only one year outside, he finally understood why Shen Luzong could possess the strength of the Immortal Monarch so quickly.

However, he had also heard from Shen Luzong that after the secular world disappeared, the space that they were in was even more terrifying compared to the outside world.

Back then, I was chased by a huge beast for a few days, and in the end, I had no choice but to jump into the blood pool. After I slept for a while in the blood pool, I discovered that my body was in pain, and when I woke up, my Nirvana Doom had already been knocked down, and the blood in the pool had already dried up. Shen Luzong said.

After finding the blood pool, Chen Xiang wanted to try and see if his body still had room to reform. If he could raise his strength through the blood pool, then he wouldn’t need to take a long time to refine a large number of pills. He could ascend very quickly.

After more than ten days, Chen Xiang and Shen Luzong were still unable to find a pool of blood outside. On the way, Chen Xiang also had a hearty feast in his mouth as he ate a lot of tasty flesh of Ancient Giant Beasts and gave it to Long Xueyi as well.

With Shen Luzong by his side, Chen Xiang basically did not need to make a move, so he could secretly create a few creation divine liquid s as well. He needed to get a few more Longevity fruit s for Shen Luzong and other spirit medicines.

Shen Luzong and Chen Xiang did not fly in the sky, but were instead walking in the forest. Although it was slow, they were able to search even more comprehensively.

He could not find the blood pool, but he managed to find some spirit medicines. Most of them were from the Spiritual level, but they were not bad either, indicating that there were still quite a few spirit medicines here.

"Uncle, if I use that blood pool on me, will I improve?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course there is. Although I’m called the pool of blood, what’s inside isn’t blood. It’s a red-coloured liquid. As for what it is, I’m not too sure. In short, it allows people to suddenly gain very strong power." Shen Luzong kept a giant tiger back into the Storage magic treasure and continued running forward with quick steps.

Originally, the Storage magic treasure in this place were extremely scarce, but when Chen Xiang came, he brought a large pile of them with him, so whenever Shen Luzong saw them, he would immediately kill them.

However, right at this moment, the roar of a huge beast sounded, and Long Xueyi shouted, "I sense something."

"There’s a blood pool nearby." Shen Luzong said excitedly. He must have been taken over by a huge beast, I’ll go over and kill that guy right now.

Shen Luzong turned into a gust of wind and disappeared, following that, a direction started to tremble, and some of the trees started to fall apart, accompanied by a gust of wind.

"Kid, come over here quickly." Shen Luzong shouted.

Chen Xiang immediately rushed over, and saw a huge red pool, although it was full of holes, but the pool of blood was still in good condition, because the pool of blood was protected by a powerful array.

"This blood pool has not been destroyed. It’s about the same size as the one I used before." Shen Luzong said.

The round blood pool was ten meters wide and had water that looked like fresh blood. It emitted a berserk energy aura and looked very dangerous, and if he did not know that this pool of blood could help raise one’s strength, Chen Xiang would not even think of jumping into it.

"Do you want to go down and try it out? I’ll wait for you at the side, and it’s just as I guessed, there should be a lot of blood pools like this, and many giant beasts rely on these blood pools to become strong. That guy just now was very powerful, allowing me to use a little more time." Shen Luzong chuckled.

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "I will be going down now."

After he finished speaking, he jumped into the blood pool. He originally wanted to experience the process of upgrading and the strangeness of the blood pool, but after he jumped in, his eyes went black and he fainted.

When he opened his eyes, he saw the blinding sunlight and felt an excruciating pain all over his body.

"What happened? Where’s my great-uncle?" Chen Xiang shouted as he jumped out of the dried up blood pool.

"You have passed through the eight Nirvana Tribulations." Long Xueyi said in an unexpected manner, "But no Nirvana Doom has descended."

It was a clear characteristic of someone who had passed the eighth Nirvana Tribulation. Looking at his Dantian, through the grayish black mist that enveloped his Dantian, Chen Xiang could see that there were eight Heaven Pellets inside each of the five Beast statue. Furthermore, the ninth Heaven Pellet was already in its half finished state.

"This is going to be a terrifying upgrade." Chen Xiang cried out in alarm: "How long have I been sleeping for?"

"Three months." Long Xueyi said: "It is indeed ridiculously fast, this should be a gift from the tomb master. I have observed this blood pool, and it is connected to a certain power, although it is now dried up, but there will definitely be that red liquid again in the future. As long as I soak in it, I can still quickly improve."