"Granduncle." Chen Xiang roared as he immediately flew over from afar.

Chen Xiang looked around, all of the trees within a radius of several hundred meters had disappeared, and there were even traces of burn wounds on the ground.

"Your Nirvana Doom is here, so I can only hide in the distance. I didn’t expect it to be so powerful, are you alright?" Shen Luzong looked at Chen Xiang’s confused face and asked.

"I’m fine... My Nirvana Doom have already passed. " Chen Xiang was stunned, but she said that she did not land.

Your Nirvana Doom is very strange, and most of the Robbery power have mysteriously disappeared. However, you have still caused a lot of trouble. Shen Luzong replied: "It’s good that you’re fine."

Chen Xiang looked at the dried up pool of blood, and said: "It’s possible that even the Robbery power has been absorbed by this pool. Grandfather, you must remember the location of these pools of blood.

"Really, I know where the pond I used the last time is. I’ll take you there right now." Shen Luzong anxiously pulled Chen Xiang and ran in one direction.

After using two days of time, Shen Luzong and Chen Xiang finally arrived at the blood pool, and there was also a rather strong gigantic beast there.

"Sure enough." Shen Luzong saw that although there was only half a pool of blood, it verified Chen Xiang’s words.

"Looks like that giant beast ate a lot of this place." When Shen Luzong took care of the gigantic beast earlier, he knew that the gigantic beast was much stronger than ordinary beasts.

"Do you still want more? You should be able to cross the nine Nirvana Tribulations very soon. If you can’t ascend here, even if you leave here, you can’t ascend. If that’s really the case, you can’t go to the Heaven Realm." Shen Luzong said.

Chen Xiang nodded and said, "I will cultivate outside." Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

After that, Shen Luzong brought Chen Xiang back to the village. Chen Xiang said that he wanted to stay here for a while, but in reality, he wanted to gather more creation divine liquid so that he could duplicate the Longevity fruit that he gave to Shen Luzong.

With Chen Xiang thinking about it here, Shen Tianhu also felt at ease to follow Shen Luzong to use the blood pool. When he returned, two months had already passed, and Shen Tianhu had already passed through the nine levels of Nirvana Tribulations, so he indeed had not ascended. However, there was also immortal energy here, and there were also many blood pools.

At this time, Chen Xiang had already created ten Longevity fruit s, which were enough for Shen Luzong to use. At this time, the amount of people going out was also increasing more and more, as they searched for spirit medicines. In the future, Shen Luzong would also become a high ranking Alchemist.

"You’ve already grown up and you’re also a strong person. I won’t say much. Take care." Although Shen Tianhu had a smile on his face, his mood was extremely heavy.

Chen Xiang also did the same. He passed the things to them, bid them farewell with a smile, and then quickly left. As long as everyone continuously increased their own strength, they would definitely meet again in the future.

When Chen Xiang left this time, it wouldn’t be long before he ascended. It would probably take a very long time for them to meet again in the future.

He only came outside after tossing and turning in the earth’s core for a while. Moreover, Di Tian’s spirit energy was far inferior to the place with a large amount of beasts.

He stayed inside for a period of time, but did not stay long outside, and now that he confirmed that nothing was wrong with his father, Chen Xiang did not have anything to worry about.

"I am not far from the Heaven Realm. I wonder if I can find my former friends if I can go up there." Don’t worry, sister Meiyao and You You Ye are very familiar with the place. Long Xueyi laughed: "When the time comes, I will definitely get more Immortal Grade fruits. I will definitely be able to get a lot of them from the Heaven Realm."

Chen Xiang said, "Are they still sleeping? We still don’t know when they’ll wake up."

Long Xueyi said: "Don’t worry, it should be soon. They are asleep because their divine soul needs to grow quickly.

Chen Xiang made a trip back to Evil Dragon Graveyard, and Li Baojun gave him a Good Fortune Pill.

"Elder Li, when I go out this time and return, there will be a lot of things that will happen in the future." Chen Xiang said.

Li Baojun immediately understood and nodded. "We will definitely lay our foundation for Dragon Subduing School, and when the Celestial Emperor and the Heaven Realm are on good terms, the Dragon Subduing School will definitely become a powerful sect that can contend with the great powers of the Heaven Realm."

"Then tell Elder Duan for me." Chen Xiang patted Li Baojun’s shoulder, then left the Evil Dragon Graveyard.

He found a very quiet little valley. The reason he did not go inside the Evil Dragon Graveyard was because his ninth calamity was coming.

After eating the Good Fortune Pill, they held the Philosophic stone in their hands and had it guide the energy in his dantian before pouring it into the Beast statue to form the core embryo.

"I missed the eighth calamity. I don’t know how powerful it is, but the ninth should be quite powerful." Chen Xiang thought, he used a month to refine the Good Fortune Pill.

Although there was only one Good Fortune Pill, the effect was very good. He could feel that the Innate Qi and his spiritual sense had both improved after consuming the Good Fortune Pill.

"Of course it’s powerful, you better hurry up and cultivate your divine soul up. If your Nirvana Doom sense anything, there will be Robbery power s aimed at your divine soul. If you can’t block it, your divine soul will be injured, and it might even be wiped out." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang’s current divine soul was considered stronger, so there were no good pills that could help him quickly improve it. However, the speed of upgrading his cultivation technique was very slow, so he could only cultivate Gods join method with Long Xueyi.

"What are you shy about? I don’t mind. What do you care about?" Long Xueyi chuckled, she never thought that Chen Xiang would actually be a little unwilling to practice the Gods join method with her.

"This... I just don’t mind, I was worried that it would affect you. Although it was the divine soul, I could feel that they had absorbed a lot of energy from your divine soul every single time. " Chen Xiang said, these were his heartfelt words.

"My divine soul is stronger than yours, and I cultivate the Gods join method with you. My divine soul is rising very slowly, but the part that I raised is enough for you to absorb. Long Xueyi laughed, at this time she had already entered Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea.

"Woman, why are you in such a hurry?" When Long Xueyi’s divine soul saw Chen Xiang, it immediately flew over.

"What, you don’t want anything that I’ve delivered to your doorstep?" Long Xueyi laughed.

Chen Xiang smiled, kissed her once, and then, he got back to business.

At this time, the New Imperial Heaven World had already stabilized and the demons in the Human Realm had been chased away. However, the demons would not let this matter rest, in the future they would definitely invade the Human Realm again, so many of the great powers in the Human Realm were working hard to raise their strength, and the Devil-subduing College was also becoming more and more lively.

The Dragon Subduing School had also gradually faded out of the New Imperial Heaven World, developing at a low profile. Even the Dragon Subduing City was gradually losing the shadow of the Dragon Subduing School.