Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The reason why Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou were sleeping was because of the divine soul. After they were submerged in the God Demon Pool, they gave birth to their divine way soul. It was just that they did not know what had happened, which caused them to sleep for a long time.

"The appearance of a fifteen or sixteen year old girl is very green. I have already entered their sea of consciousness and have seen them, but they are still naked." Long Xueyi laughed.

The appearances of Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou at the age of fifteen or sixteen, and even naked, immediately caused an incomparably evil and bloody scene to appear in Chen Xiang’s mind.

"I want to see it. Can you let me see it?" Chen Xiang could not help but blurt out the words in his heart.

"Hmph, don’t even think about it." Bai Youyou immediately snorted coldly, she knew what this little scoundrel Chen Xiang was thinking.

"Bad boy, are you that interested in me when I was 15 or 16 years old?" Su Meiyao chuckled. That charming voice ignited a ball of fire in Chen Xiang’s lower abdomen.

"Of course not, I’m just curious. When I was young, all of you could have looked at me ..."

"Didn’t you already see us? We’re even now." Bai Youyou didn’t want to let Chen Xiang pester him any further, so he gave him a death order: "You are not allowed to bring up this kind of thing again."

Chen Xiang did not give up and hurriedly said: "Little Naughty Dragon told me before that her Imperial Dragon Clan has a dual cultivation method for divine soul called the Gods join method. Their dual cultivation method can quickly increase the strength of their divine soul.

"Don’t even think about it."

Bai Youyou could not accept such a thing. Although she knew about the thing between a man and a woman and had seen Chen Xiang, Xue Xianxian and Hua Xiangyue do it many times, she felt uncomfortable just thinking about it.

"Oh." Su Meiyao was suddenly very interested: "Little Scoundrel, I actually really want to try fighting with you."

Long Xueyi scoffed, "Don’t even think about it, sister Meiyao, your strength is so weak. If your divine soul is too strong, you won’t be able to balance with your body and the cultivation of the Innate Qi, there will be a problem."

Chen Xiang cursed in his heart: "Damned Little Naughty Dragon."

But he knew that it was true. Su Meiyao had already determined that he would be the one to cook it for him in the future, but he could only look and not eat it.

He had already passed through the Heaven Realm that he had come to, and he didn’t have many other concerns. Previously, due to a few things, he had to bear the pressure for a very long time, but now that he had suppressed it for so long and there was also a beautiful woman around him, he naturally wanted to start a meat business.

Although he and Long Xueyi had always been training Gods join method inside the Divine Sense Sea, that was only in terms of divine soul, and not real physical body. Therefore, Chen Xiang felt that it couldn’t be considered as it was, but of course, if he could practice Gods join method with Su Meiyao and her, he would still be very willing.

"What kind of place is this? After ascending, he was casually thrown in another place." Chen Xiang ran across the vast prairie, and could not see the end of it. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"Normally, you would appear in the welcoming hall of the immortal palace. This situation is rare, it can only be said that your luck is bad." Su Meiyao said.

"What is an immortal palace?" Chen Xiang felt that his luck was not bad. If he landed in those immortal palaces full of enemies, it would be troublesome.

A palace here should be about half the size of a Chen Martial Continent. There are many immortal palaces in a Heaven Realm, and they vary in size, so immortal palaces are usually controlled by a large power. If it’s a Fire Divine Palace, then their immortal palace would be called the Fire God Immortal Palace, and the Fire Divine Palace would be in the best position in the Fire God Immortal Palace. " Su Meiyao said.

However, this was the first time Chen Xiang found out about it. Previously, when she was chatting with Su Meiyao, she didn’t mention it.

"There is also another situation. There are many Immortal Palace secret manuals located in one place, and that place will be called Immortal Country. The Immortal Palaces there will all be controlled by one person, and the kings of the Immortal Country will all be at the Immortal King’s level, while the immortal palaces will all be controlled by Immortal Monarch." Bai Youyou added: "Generally, dozens of immortal palaces are needed to form a Immortal Country."

"Of course, there are also those that are not named after their countries, for example, some Fire Divine Palace s or Devil-suppressing Divine Palace s. In short, Heaven Realm s are very big, have a lot of power, and have a lot of strong warriors." Su Meiyao said.

"If you run in one direction, you should be able to see the immortal palace. When the time comes, you will be able to see the Transmission array."

"Then how do we get to the ninth day?" Chen Xiang asked.

"In the past, the nine days were divided into different levels, and required a certain amount of strength to go there, but now, it should be equal. If you look up at night, you will be able to see eight balls of light, which are the other eight days. They are very far away from here, and require one to travel through the starry sky to reach there. Long Xueyi said, "Imperial Dragon Clan is hiding in one of the skies, called Long Tian. I think the powers up there were all secretly supported by Imperial Dragon Clan."

Now that you have the Transmission array, you don’t need to travel through the starry sky anymore. When you get the Spiritual crystal, you can go. Su Meiyao said.

After sprinting for a good half a day, Chen Xiang finally saw the legendary immortal palace. From afar, he could see that it was a gigantic bull crawling on the ground, and Chen Xiang could only see a shadow of it.

"It’s the Heavenly Bull Immortal Palace. I didn’t expect you to be in this area." Su Meiyao said: "The walls of this immortal palace is 30,000 meters high and it took many years to construct it, and when the huge immortal formation absorbed the immortal energy outside, it would cause the immortal palace to look like an ox, and over time, people would call it Heavenly Bull Immortal Palace."

Chen Xiang was shocked. The wall of light that surrounded the palace was 30,000 meters tall, and the palace was half the size of a Chen Martial Continent. It was surrounded by a hundred thousand meter high wall, and it was even possible to set up an immortal formation.

"It seems that my Evil Dragon Graveyard is still too weak." Chen Xiang had thought that his own Evil Dragon Graveyard s were relatively powerful, but now, he knew that they were nothing more than mediocre.

It’s all because of the contribution of these giant walls. Even if the Immortal King came, he would have to expend a lot of energy in order to create a gap in front of him, in order to build these giant walls. The reason is that the Heaven Realm has been in constant battles for many years, whether it be from Demons, Demons, or the attacks of other days, or the battles between the various immortal palaces. Su Meiyao said.