Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing the faces of the people around them, the men hurriedly gathered their power to prevent them from attacking their young master.

Young Noble Feng shouted: "I will count to three. If you don’t take out the Sacred animal fruit, I will attack. One ..."

Just as he counted to one, the angry people around him wanted to shout to stop Young Noble Feng, but Chen Xiang suddenly disappeared from his original position. When Young Noble Feng saw Chen Xiang suddenly disappearing, he did not continue shouting.

Suddenly, a red light flashed, then, Young Noble Feng suddenly grabbed Chang Jiancai’s arm and broke it off from his shoulder, causing Chen Xiang to appear beside Young Noble Feng, in the encirclement of the big men.

At the same time, grabbed Chang Jiancai and threw him towards the old shopkeeper. Everyone could see that Chen Xiang was holding onto a dagger that was emitting a red light, and at the same time, stabbed it into Young Noble Feng’s neck. Chen Xiang then grabbed Chang Jiancai and threw him over to the old shopkeeper.

"Ah... "You actually ..." Young Master Feng turned pale with fright. Although he lost an arm and had a stab on the side of his neck, he didn’t feel any pain.

"Go to hell."

The incomparably furious Chen Xiang, however, looked terrifyingly calm, causing people to shudder in fear. No one could understand, that under such a furious situation, the person in front of them was able to maintain such a calm demeanor, and turn his anger into strength.

Chen Xiang held the Devil emporer dagger tightly, and pierced into Young Noble Feng’s abdomen, then he took out the heavenly pellets inside, and the few big sized men reacted, and immediately threw a punch towards him, with great strength, but in the next moment, Chen Xiang strangely disappeared, causing all of their power to land on Young Noble Feng’s body.

The few burly men all had the strength of Late period of human immortal s, and when they attacked at the same time, they released power that caused half of the pill shop to collapse.

To make a move inside the Heavenly Bull Immortal Palace, and even destroy a relatively high-end medicine shop, the Feng Clan would either compensate the s with a large sum or make preparations to be hostile to the Heavenly Bull Immortal Palace. Although the Heavenly Bull Immortal Palace rarely fought with other forces, if there were people provoking them here, the Heavenly Bull Immortal Palace would definitely retaliate viciously.

After Chen Xiang escaped from Young Noble Feng’s Heavenly Pellet, he used a transformation technique on the smoke and dust of the collapsed shop, leaving no one’s sight and went to a place devoid of people, before changing into a new appearance.

"This guy is simply courting death, what a pity, I almost got my hands on that guy’s storage ring, there are two million Spiritual crystal inside." Chen Xiang sighed in his heart.

"When the time is right, let’s do it this way. This time, you did a good job." Bai Youyou said coldly: "If it was me, I would have killed the big men beside him. I would have taken out all of the heaven pellets, and made them completely strong."

Chen Xiang had already known from the beginning that if someone offended Bai Youyou or them, as long as they caught them, there was a high chance that they would suffer the same fate as what Bai Youyou had just said.

Chen Xiang would not go look for Chang Jiancai again. He only dared to help because he saw that many people were worried about Chang Jiancai. This was because even if the Feng Clan were to pursue the matter further, it would have nothing to do with Chang Jiancai.

"If you can get the Sacred animal fruit, that’s fine. But don’t you have a little more creation divine liquid? Enough to copy one for me, right?" Long Xueyi said, she liked to eat fruits more and the taste was much better than refining pills.

This Little Naughty Dragon, his appetite is getting bigger and bigger. Fortunately, he is here in the Heaven Realm, otherwise, it would be very difficult to get suitable for you to eat. " Chen Xiang scolded jokingly, and then he went to a place close to the Central Sky Region, which was very close to the pill shop, and asked around to find out how big of a commotion that would cause.

At that time, Chen Xiang’s attack was very heavy. When he took out that fellow’s Heaven Pellet, he poured a very strong power into it, breaking all of his meridians and releasing a very strong soul attack to wipe out that person’s soul.

On one hand, there were people who broke the rules of the Heavenly Bull Immortal Palace, which was equivalent to provoking the dignity of the Heavenly Bull Immortal Palace, so according to the ways of the Heavenly Bull Immortal Palace, they would try to hold the two sides accountable, but now that Chen Xiang had escaped, the people of the Feng Clan were still around. Although the young master had died, the Feng Clan was still required to compensate.

Only now did Chen Xiang know that the disciple of the Feng Clan that he had killed had a high status.

The former Son of Heaven was known as the Holy Prince. If it was the other children of the Immortal King of the Divine Wind Immortal Country, they would all be called princes or princesses, and their descendants would be princes or princesses.

And the person Chen Xiang had just killed was a grandson, the son of a prince of the Divine Wind Immortal Country.

"There is no one here who would dare to claim to be an emperor, at most they would be a king. Didn’t you kill an immortal king before, what’s so good about a Divine Wind Immortal Country?" Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang never thought that those Tong Tian Aristocratic Family s and sage realms would all be able to form a Immortal Country here. If that was the case, then Ji Meixian and Zhao Yiprofound’s standing inside would definitely not be low.

"Immortal Country Bai Hai should exist. If you have time, ask around and see how those two little maid s are doing." Chen Xiang said while rubbing his chin.

"You don’t have to worry about them, Ji Meixian is a very mysterious person in the past, she can definitely help Zhao Yiprofound, this little maid, to achieve a very high status, and at the same time, help Zhao Yiprofound to raise his strength and obtain more resources." Su Meiyao said.

Chen Xiang came to an inn, laid on the bed and said: "Wait till my strength increases a little, I have to properly pay a visit to these old rivals of mine. Back then, they didn’t have much use for me when they were at Di Tian’s, but here I’m sure it was a lot."

"Dogs." Long Xueyi suddenly said.

"Could it be Tengu?" Su Meiyao cried out in alarm: "Quickly run, this kind of beast has a very keen sense of smell. No matter how hard you try to conceal yourself, you will be able to smell your scent and follow them for millions of miles."

Chen Xiang immediately teleported through space, left the tavern, and rushed in the direction of the Transmission array. He wanted to immediately leave this Heavenly Bull Immortal Palace, and leave the area where the heavenly dog was searching for him.

"Are there a lot of these things in the Heaven Realm? If there are a lot, I won’t be able to survive." Chen Xiang teleported to the entrance of the Heavenly Bull Immortal Palace.

"Not many, but it’s still very easy to get powerful people. Leave the Heavenly Bull Immortal Palace first and come back after some time." Su Meiyao said.

Not long after Chen Xiang entered, he had to leave Heavenly Bull Immortal Palace, but he did have a good harvest after entering and collected Sacred animal fruit. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

"They’re here, this group of people are very professional." Long Xueyi shouted.

Chen Xiang never thought that he would follow closely behind. He immediately stepped onto the Shrinking step and used his fastest speed to escape the tracking radius.

"There are a total of three Tengu’s. If you drip three drops of blood, I’ll help you control the three drops and send them away. They should be able to chase after the blood." Long Xueyi said.