Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Until now, Chen Xiang still did not know what dangerous things this Yao Shumei and Mu Jialan were trying to do. He had tried to sound out their conversation, but they didn’t say anything.

"Looks like the person we’re waiting for won’t be coming today." Yao Shumei looked at the sky and said.

"Then I’ll go out and buy something. What do you want to eat?" Mu Jialan looked at Chen Xiang. She was extremely polite to him. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"Just eat some immortal beast meat." Chen Xiang had originally only said that casually, but Mu Jialan nodded and then left.

"Little Yang, it’s still too late for you to leave now. We won’t take that month’s pass, and what you need to do with us is indeed quite dangerous. You just came to the Heaven Realm, it’s not easy to ascend. Yao Shumei said after hesitating for a while.

Chen Xiang shook his head: "Don’t worry about me, why don’t you guys use some Spiritual crystal s to invite a stronger Ranker."

Yao Shumei sighed: "I will soon be able to become a Immortal Monarch, at the Worldly Immortal Stage, my strength can be considered stronger. If I were to invite more people, then I will become a Immortal Monarch level person, which requires a lot of Spiritual crystal, and Immortal Monarch may not be able to do it."

"Then what is it?" Chen Xiang’s heart itched.

"I’m not sure for now, the main thing is that we need to grab something. After we catch it, we might be hunted down, and as for whether or not there would be a Immortal Monarch, that’s what I’m worried about." Yao Shumei said in a low voice.

and Xue Xianxian had interacted with the mother and daughter before, and that was when they were at Sacred Dan Realm. They had a good impression of this pair of beautiful mother and daughter, but when their group met with danger, Yao Shumei had done his best to protect them.

If he could help them, Chen Xiang would definitely do his best to help them. Moreover, he could tell that this mother and daughter pair was probably going to face a huge crisis soon.

When night fell, Mu Jialan gave Chen Xiang some decent clothes, because he would be with them for a period of time.

"Hurry up and put it on." Mu Jialan laughed.

"Let’s eat first." Chen Xiang looked at the large chunks of grilled beast meat on the table, which was covered with some fragrant seasoning.

Chen Xiang very impolitely ate a lot of meat, then went to take a bath and change into the clothes Mu Jialan had given him.

Although he currently had a very ordinary appearance, he had changed into a set of luxurious golden clothes, giving him a very human-like appearance. At the very least, he wasn’t as rustic as he was before.

"Not bad, don’t rot it." Mu Jialan nodded his head in satisfaction.

Deep into the night, Chen Xiang stayed in her room, but she was not at ease. Long Xueyi was also staring at the surroundings of the small house, because the mother and daughter should be in danger right now.

"They didn’t sleep. Their eyes were open. They didn’t speak." Long Xueyi said.

"Once they speak, if they have anything important to say, pass it on to me." Chen Xiang said.

Long Xueyi said again, "Mu Jialan spoke, listen ..."

Through the secret technique that Long Xueyi used to turn his voice around, Chen Xiang could clearly hear Mu Jialan’s voice. "Didn’t Little Yang say that Chen Xiang has already ascended for many years, but why is there no news at all?"

Yao Shumei said: "If I were Chen Xiang, I would also be raising my strength in a very low profile. If he had any news about it, this Heaven Realm would have already exploded.

"I really hope to see him soon, maybe we can ..." Before Mu Jialan could finish speaking, Long Xueyi shouted, "Someone is approaching this place."

Yao Shumei and Mu Jialan also sensed it, and immediately got off the bed and went into the courtyard.

When Chen Xiang executed the Divine Traveling Technique, three black-clothed men appeared in the courtyard. At first, Long Xueyi had only just noticed when he arrived, not to mention that this was the Heavenly Bull Immortal Palace’s domain which was filled with experts.

"You only have two months left, you must capture that pair of Holy Spirit Rabbit, otherwise you will definitely die." One of the men in black said, sounding like a woman.

"Got it." Yao Shumei said coldly: "You should at least give us some clues."

"Back then, it was your Peach Blossom Immortal Country’s Immortal King who obtained it. He arranged for a person to bring it here and sell it to the Heavenly Bull Immortal Palace’s Palace Master, and that Immortal King eventually gave a mysterious person to him. That mysterious person should very likely be the Heavenly God Blade Palace’s Palace Master, and currently, her maid is responsible for raising him." The man in black said.

Chen Xiang already knew what he was going to do next.

After the three black-clothed men left, Chen Xiang told what he had heard to Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou.

"The Holy Spirit Rabbit actually appeared ... Haha, it’s the matter of those two bitches stealing the rabbit again. I wonder how many idiotic men would fall for their trap. " Su Meiyao laughed, but it was filled with ruthlessness.

Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi were a little shocked, and immediately asked: "sister Meiyao, could it be that those two bastards who want to steal the rabbit are people who have tortured you two to such an extent?"

"It’s not them, but they are also one of our enemies. They had cheated us before, and they seem to be related to our greatest enemy." Su Meiyao said.

"What happened to the Holy Spirit Rabbit?" Chen Xiang asked, that must be something extraordinary.

"Holy Spirit Rabbit is a Holy Beast." Long Xueyi said: "It is merely a Holy Beast that is the weakest, weakest, and has no offensive power. But this Holy Spirit Rabbit has a very heaven-defying ability, which is, by eating the Spiritual crystal and condensing a lot of Holy Blood, it can condense a small bowl every day. After drinking this Holy Blood, the benefits are great, it can help us cultivate our Body of Heavenly Sage even faster ..."

Su Meiyao said: "That’s right, but this Holy Spirit Rabbit also has another ability, which is to disappear at the same time every once in a while, and then reappear in the same place again. But all this time, only Snow Moon Immortal Palace and Frozen Moon Asgard have known how to find the Holy Spirit Rabbit, so every time the Holy Spirit Rabbit disappeared, it would cause a struggle between the two immortal palaces."

Chen Xiang said in surprise: "Doesn’t that mean that the two palace masters are very strong, and drink this sacred blood all day long?"

Bai Youyou replied: "Of course, if not we wouldn’t have suffered such a huge loss at their hands. They are indeed powerful Immortal Kings."

"Then why did she force Yao Shumei and Mu Jialan to steal the rabbit?" Chen Xiang couldn’t understand.

"Divine Saber Immortal Palace is not someone to be trifled with. If he knew that it was Xue Yue and Hanyue who stole it, Divine Saber Immortal Palace wouldn’t care so much. He would immediately kill his way over. Of course, this is only if he has evidence." Su Meiyao said.

Chen Xiang took a deep breath. Now he knew how dangerous the things Yao Shumei and Mu Jialan had done were.

"If Yao Shumei and Mu Jialan were to be discovered, Divine Saber Immortal Palace wouldn’t be much either. Peach Blossom Immortal Country is made up of many immortal palaces, otherwise, they wouldn’t dare to be called Immortal Country. I didn’t think that these Tong Tian Aristocratic Family and Sheng Domain would have such rallying powers in Heaven Realm." Su Meiyao explained.