Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The powers above Heaven Realm are all huge beings, any immortal palace has a lot of power.

"This Yao Shumei and Mu Jialan are really unlucky, to be forced to do such a thing. Whether they succeed or not, the consequences will be dire." Su Meiyao said.

"They are all from the Peach Blossom Immortal Country, and the jade rabbits were sold there from the Peach Blossom Immortal Country, that’s why they were chosen. If they were to successfully steal them from the Divine Saber Immortal Palace, I think they would definitely be found out. Bai Youyou said.

"They are women. It is easy to get close to them, but what do they want me to do?" Chen Xiang could not understand why Yao Shumei and the others wanted to invite an outsider to participate in this matter.

At this time, Yao Shumei knocked on Chen Xiang’s door and lightly shouted: "Little Yang, are you asleep yet?"

Chen Xiang immediately stood up to open the door, and asked: "What’s the matter?"

Yao Shumei said in a low voice: "Follow me."

She then brought Chen Xiang to their room. Mu Jialan had already set up a formation inside, and obviously wanted to say something very important, but these two women and the man were in the same room, making Chen Xiang feel a little uncomfortable.

"What we have to do is dangerous, and it’s only two months away." Yao Shumei gestured for Chen Xiang to sit as he said seriously.

"Well, what is it?" Although Chen Xiang and the others wanted to steal the Jade Rabbit, they didn’t know what to do.

Yao Shumei said in a deep voice: "We need to steal two rabbits, but it’s extremely difficult to enter that place, but we already have a way, when the time comes, you must cooperate with us."

Chen Xiang nodded: "I will do as you say."

Mu Jialan’s expression became very serious as well, it was obvious that they were under a lot of pressure right now. "We will arrange the following matters for you.

In the middle of the night, Yao Shumei and Mu Jialan brought Chen Xiang and walked on the luxurious street that was the color of red wine. Even though it was still in the middle of the night, the Sky Region was still bustling with noise.

Chen Xiang followed this pair of beautiful mother and daughter flowers. After passing through a few streets, they arrived at the front door of a villa. Chen Xiang did not know what kind of villa this was, nor did he have a name. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Yao Shumei walked to the door and lightly knocked. After waiting for a while, a middle aged burly man opened the door and welcomed Yao Shumei and the others in. It was just that when Chen Xiang went in, he was scanned by a few strong streams of consciousness, but he did not discover anything strange about his body.

"There are several Immortal Monarch s." Long Xueyi said.

No wonder why there weren’t any guards here, there were a few Immortal Monarch s here, perhaps only the Immortal Kings would dare to barge in.

Yao Shumei and Mu Jialan took Chen Xiang around seven and eight turns in the Villa, and in the end, arrived at a three-storied building made out of white jade.

"There are three Immortal Monarch s inside." Long Xueyi said again.

knew that he had to be careful in a bit. After entering the White Jade Pavilion, Yao Shumei and Mu Jialan first made Chen Xiang sit in the hall to wait, while the chairs, floors, pillars, etc. Everything was made of white jade.

Not long after, a beautiful lady wearing a snow-white dress walked out. She looked pretty and cold, and when her eyes swept over, it gave off a cold feeling, as though she was a thousand miles away from everyone else. Her entire body emitted a proud and aloof aura, she was actually a Immortal Monarch.

"So familiar ..." "Could it be her?" Bai Youyou said in shock.

"It’s that little girl. I didn’t expect her to grow up to be so big." Su Meiyao giggled. "Little Scoundrel, the beauty in front of you is not a human, she’s a flower demon formed from a ten thousand year snow lotus, the same as Lv Qinlian."

Chen Xiang asked: "What’s so funny, you know her?"

This little girl is very strong, and she is very good at dealing with men, especially those who are bad. It is said that if there is a man who is dishonest and wants to do something bad, she can feel it. Then, she can use one of her abilities to freeze that thing to death. Su Meiyao laughed.

Chen Xiang now understood why Yao Shumei wanted to test him. So there was this layer of relationship between them.

Bai Youyou said: "I thought she would be like Junior Sister, but I never thought that it won’t be."

Su Meiyao laughed and said: "She is a snow lotus to begin with, so there’s nothing bad about being with Senior Sister at a cold place like yours. I like women like Senior Sister very much."

"To think that this little girl Yu Xuelian would actually be the maid of the Divine Blade Palace Mistress. However, for her to be able to raise a Jade Rabbit here, it seems that she has quite a high position in the Divine Saber Immortal Palace." Bai Youyou said.

At this moment, Yu Xuelian was staring at Chen Xiang. She could tell that Chen Xiang was distracted, but there were three beauties sitting in the hall, and it seemed like he did not see them.

"Little Yang, this is the Snow Lotus Demon Lord. She is one of the ten great Monarchs of the Divine Saber Immortal Palace." Yao Shumei said.

Chen Xiang immediately bowed to Yu Xuelian. "Yang Yue greets the Snow Lotus Demon Lord."

Even though Yu Xuelian’s face was ice-cold, she had a very good impression of Chen Xiang. She gently waved her hand and said: "There’s no need to be polite, please take a seat."

There were only Chen Xiang and the three women in the hall. Chen Xiang took a sniff of the three different scents and suddenly felt that there was something indescribably wonderful about them.

"Big sister Xueluo, my mother has already tested little Yang and passed all her tests. She hasn’t failed a single time." Mu Jialan laughed.

"Oh, you really can’t judge a book by its cover." Yu Xuelian nodded slightly.

Chen Xiang was confused now, he felt that these three women were plotting something. Yu Xuelian had the support of the Divine Blade Palace Mistress, and was in charge of taking care of the Jade Rabbit.

On the other hand, Yao Shumei and Mu Jialan had been kidnapped by the Frigid Moon Snow Moon Immortal Palace to steal Jade Rabbit, but from the looks of it, they seemed to be in the same group.

Chen Xiang quickly thought that if they wanted to take all of that Jade Rabbit by themselves, they would have to pay the price of being hunted by the three palaces.

Of course, Chen Xiang was not afraid, because no one knew that he was also involved, but he wanted a share of the spoils.

"We need to keep what we do a secret. If you are willing to swear a blood oath and don’t leak it out, I can prepay you one hundred thousand Spiritual crystal and give you two hundred thousand after we finish our business. Then we can part ways." Yu Xuelian said.

These three hundred thousand Spiritual crystal, to a rookie who had just entered the Heaven Realm, were a huge sum. However, Chen Xiang would not tell them that he had obtained a Sacred animal fruit worth two hundred Spiritual crystal not long ago.

"Alright." Chen Xiang immediately agreed, and then made a blood oath that he would definitely not leak the news of him cooperating with the three of them.

"Follow me." Yu Xuelian stood up and walked towards a door.