Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Most of the Rankers here had confirmed that the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell had appeared before, because they had all seen the Tengu that Chen Xiang had used to cast the Soul Dispersing Curse. That dog was still here, and people often went to check it out.

Although there were currently no clues, many experts would continue to search for this cultivation technique. Most of them were worried about wasting time, and in the past, when Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou’s master searched for some powerful cultivation techniques, it was not surprising for them to search for it for thousands or even tens of thousands of years.

But Chen Xiang was also suspicious, maybe this group of people were here for the Holy Spirit Rabbit, anything that could help people cultivate Body of Heavenly Sage, its attraction was no less than the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell.

"These Dan Immortal are all famous. I will introduce them one by one. Let’s see how they compete in pill refining now." After he finished speaking, he stood to the side and let the five Dan Immortal s display their skills.

Chen Xiang did not recognize these Dan Immortal s, but Su Meiyao did not either, so they should be people from the younger generation. From the fire energy that was seeping out of their bodies, Chen Xiang was sure that these Dan Immortal s all had Fire Soul s.

However, he felt that Su Meiyao was even more powerful, because Su Meiyao didn’t have a Fire Soul. She was also so powerful in terms of alchemy, which meant that her achievements in the area of alchemy were extremely high.

"Next, the five of them will compete to refine the Longevity Pill." This immediately led to whispers amongst the onlookers.

"This Life Extending Dan Bead is a low-grade Heaven level pill. If you take one, you can extend your life by at least two years, and up to a few decades, depending on the person who consumed the pill, but taking one won’t have any effect." Su Meiyao said. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Of the low grade Heaven level’s pills, there were more people who wanted to buy them. Chen Xiang also planned to get some medicinal ingredients to cultivate in the future.

"How much is this Longevity Pill?" Chen Xiang asked Yu Xuelian.

"One pellet of ten thousand Spiritual crystal is higher than many low-grade Heaven level pills." Yu Xuelian said: "The difficulty in refining is not great, it’s mainly because of the difficulty in cultivating the ingredients, which is why it’s so useful in prolonging life, thus it’s sold at this price. Many people would risk their lives to earn this kind of, buying this kind of pill to extend life, is very easy to sell."

Chen Xiang nodded his head, and asked: "Are all these Dan Immortal famous?"

Yao Shumei replied: "Of course there are, they are all second grade Dan Immortal s, and can refine second grade immortal pills. Usually, only these Dan Immortal would have some reputation."

The Immortal Pills were from one to nine, and it was the same for Dan Immortal. The Du Hai that Chen Xiang knew in Sacred Dan Realm, was a third grade Dan Immortal.

Dan Immortal’s competition to refine pills was not about refining immortal pills, because it would take a long time, and immortal medicine ingredients were rare, making refining pills in this kind of environment was easy, the gains would not make up for the losses, so they could only compete to concoct low-grade Heaven level pills.

Even if they were to refine a low-grade Heaven level pill, it would still take some time. When Chen Xiang saw that they were using the Foreseeing Alchemy, he knew that it would take at least a day.

"Isn’t it too boring to just observe the pill like that? How about we place a bet?" The speaker was an old man on the second floor. However, there was no one beside the old man, but other places were packed with people. It could be seen that no one dared to approach this old man.

"Venomous Lord White-browed Sovereign, this guy always likes to cause trouble." Yu Xuelian snorted.

This old man only looked like he had a few wrinkles on his face and was hunched over. However, his hair was black, his eyebrows were snow-white, and his hair was long and hanging down. Right now, he looked harmless with his smile, but he was a poison master, no wonder no one dared to approach him.

Wang Qiongjin said: "I am afraid that you cannot afford it, I will bet on my Fire Divine Palace’s Elder Rui’s victory. If I win, all the participants will have to give me a million Spiritual crystal, if you lose, I will give you one million Spiritual crystal."

The Venomous Master was obviously not afraid of Wang Qiongjin, the Demon King, as he laughed, "A million Spiritual crystal, this is too little, isn’t it?"

Chen Xiang immediately recognized him. The Pill Refining Furnace was two people tall, and it looked like a small, fiery red pagoda. Furthermore, the fire energy that was being released from his body was gentle and strong, giving people a feeling that he was very strong.

At this time, many people were participating, thinking that Elder Rui would not get first place. Although the Fire Divine Palace’s alchemy industry was one of the stronger existence in the Heaven Realm, in the competition between Elder Rui and the four Dan Immortal, the chances of winning were not high.

"This Fire Divine Palace is really confident, there are already more than 60 people participating, if I were to lose, I would have to lose 60 million Spiritual crystal." Yao Shumei said. Although she also had a few Spiritual crystal s by her side, they were still far from enough.

Seeing that Yu Xuelian and Yao Shumei did not have any intentions to join, Chen Xiang knew that they were extremely cautious and did not have any interest in such things.

Long Xueyi shouted, "Hurry up and get you to participate. Elder Rui’s pill furnace is too broken, I can go in and cause trouble."

Chen Xiang said: "You have the confidence, what will you do if you are discovered, what if it fails, I don’t have one million Spiritual crystal on me."

Long Xueyi scoffed, "You idiot, can’t you bet a million on it? If there isn’t a million Spiritual crystal and you want to borrow them from the two women by your side, then whatever you do for them in the future, it will bring them more than just a million Spiritual crystal. Furthermore, you will have to risk your life and be hunted down."

Chen Xiang immediately shouted out, saying that he wanted to bet, and he was immediately stared at by Wang Qiongjin. If not for the fact that he could appear in this place, others would think that he could not afford it.

Long Xueyi laughed, "Let’s wait and take the Spiritual crystal."

Yao Shumei and Yu Xuelian were a little surprised. They did not expect this fellow to be so wealthy, to dare to play like this, Yao Shumei and Mu Jialan both knew what kind of person this "Little Yang" was. Back when they were outside the Heavenly Region, he had a very destitute look, and he had just flown up, and actually had a million Spiritual crystal.

"You used to be so rich." Mu Jialan rolled his eyes at him.

"I don’t have any hair on my head right now, but that guy will definitely lose." Chen Xiang laughed.

"If you lose, and you can’t afford it, just wait for Fire Divine Palace to come and slaughter you." Mu Jialan said snappily.

Chen Xiang chuckled: "You guys aren’t going to just watch me get slaughtered, right? Isn’t it just a million Spiritual crystal? You guys can definitely afford it."

Yao Shumei glanced at him sideways: "Xiao Yang, I didn’t expect you to be such a gambler, this isn’t a good thing."

When Chen Xiang wanted to gamble, most people had a high chance of winning. For example, right now, Long Xueyi was making his move in the dark.

"Now that I have reached the realm of limitless divine powers, I can secretly modify the formation patterns inside the broken pill furnace to make the time inside change. This way, the pill condensation process will be slower than others and won’t be noticed by others." Long Xueyi laughed.