Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Mu Jialan looked at Chen Xiang strangely, because she saw that Chen Xiang had used the Shrinking step just now. Adding to the fact that Chen Xiang had the ability of emergency response just now, she could not help but suspect that the person in front of her was Chen Xiang.

"Will they chase us here? How far is this place from Heavenly Bull Immortal Palace?" Chen Xiang asked. There was that kind of dog in Heavenly Bull Immortal Palace, although it would not be targeted, but the smell emitted from the three women’s bodies was too easy to differentiate.

"We are very far from the Heavenly Bull Immortal Palace, it is a very remote place, and near the immortal palace, they will not chase us, we need to worry about the wanted list in the future, none of us will be able to escape." Yu Xuelian had already calmed down. They had already been prepared for the hunt in the future.

Chen Xiang took out three Holy Spirit Rabbit s and gave them to the three women. Looking at the three cute Jade Rabbit, they immediately felt that they were sighing endlessly, they had almost died just for these three little things. Even though they could successfully escape, they would definitely face the pursuit of many parties in the future.

First, the Divine Saber Immortal Palace. These four jade rabbits belonged to the Divine Saber Immortal Palace, so it could be said that the losses were the greatest, followed by the Heavenly Bull Immortal Palace. What happened there, was probably the greatest provocation that the Heavenly Bull Immortal Palace suffered in the history of the world, not only did they try to rob such a precious thing from the inside, they even went through an intense battle. In the end, they sealed several levels of ice in the Sky Region of the Heavenly Bull Immortal Palace.

Yao Shumei and Mu Jialan would not be able to return to the Peach Blossom Immortal Country. The Holy Spirit Rabbit was sold by the Peach Blossom Immortal Country, and since they went to steal it, the Peach Blossom Immortal Country, in order to not be suspected, would definitely expel them.

"Unfortunately, it has to be handed over to Snow Moon Immortal Palace." Yao Shumei sighed, the Holy Spirit Rabbit was for women to use. If they used their Holy Spirit Rabbit blood for a period of time, they might be able to become Immortal Kings in the future.

Mu Jialan looked at Chen Xiang and said softly, "You probably don’t need to give it to Snow Moon Immortal Palace, if Xiao Yang is Chen Xiang ..."

Yao Shumei and Yu Xuelian immediately looked at Chen Xiang in astonishment, then looked at Mu Jialan. Yao Shumei asked.

Chen Xiang curled his lips. Until now, he felt that there was no need to continue concealing it, since he and these three women were on the same boat anyway. However, he could jump off the boat at any time.

Seeing that Chen Xiang had recovered his original appearance, the three girls were very surprised, but Yao Shumei and Mu Jialan were a little angry in their hearts, because Chen Xiang had plotted against them before and pretended not to know anything about Chen Xiang, spouting a lot of nonsense.

"It’s really you." Mu Jialan stood up and looked at him resentfully. That gaze made Chen Xiang not dare to look straight at him.

"Alright, we are old friends now. You guys need my help for something. You guys have been threatened by the Snow Moon Immortal Palace’s poison, or something." Chen Xiang said.

We went to look for Meng’er and the others. They said that you might have a way to cure it, but they are not very sure. Yanyao’s grandfather also helped us look for a cure, but he said that it was very difficult to cure it. " Yao Shumei said helplessly: "That poison will act up once in awhile. If there’s no antidote, we would rather die."

Yu Xuelian said: "If I can become a Demon King and condense a Heavenly Sacred Snow Lotus, I can help them, but I’m still too far away."

Mu Jialan said: "We don’t know what kind of poison it is, can you really cure it? I can’t bear to part with this Holy Spirit Rabbit."

"It should be the Snow Moon Immortal Palace’s’ Xue Qing I ’. It’s a unique poison that is often used to control people in the Snow Moon Immortal Palace. However, it was banned afterwards. I never thought that they would use all sorts of methods to obtain Holy Spirit Rabbit." Su Meiyao said, "This poison has existed for a long time. At that time, in order to prevent people from researching it, there was not much related content."

Chen Xiang asked: "Can you solve it?"

Mu Jialan and Yao Shumei were pretty good. Even though they were people of the Sheng Domain, not only were they not enemies with him back then, they had also allied with him and had a very good relationship with him. He would definitely think of a way to help them.

In the past, our master helped others to cure them. He used the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell, and when he sensed the poison, he could directly suck it out. However, this poison is very strong, it would be equivalent to being poisoned if it was used. Bai Youyou said.

Chen Xiang pinched his chin, frowned, with a profound look, Yao Shumei and the others were also waiting for him to answer.

He communicated with Su Meiyao and the others for a while, and said, "This should be the strange poison ’Xue Qing One’ that Snow Moon Immortal Palace had concocted himself."

Hearing these four words, Yu Xuelian’s expression changed greatly, and he sighed: "I didn’t expect it to be this type of poison, this is going to be troublesome."

Although Yao Shumei and Mu Jialan did not know of Xue Qing’s poison, when they saw Yu Xuelian’s expression, they knew that this poison was not simple.

"This is a strange poison. It’s very difficult to cure, and will accompany you for the rest of your life. This is my understanding of this poison, and I never would have thought that it would be like this. Every once in a while, the concocted antidote will release the pain." Yu Xuelian’s expression was ice-cold as he gritted his teeth and said, "Snow Moon Immortal Palace actually used this drug. Back then, this poison was regarded as the same as the Super Old poison, don’t worry, I will definitely use the Holy Snow Lotus to cure it for all of you."

Yao Shumei and Mu Jialan’s face were pale white, their eyes revealed incomparable despair, as they weakly sat on the ground, looking completely bald and crippled.

They had tried the pain brought by the poison before, but they didn’t expect it to last for their entire lives.

Chen Xiang laughed: "Don’t be afraid, it’s not like I said I can’t solve it."

Seeing Chen Xiang’s mischievous smile, Mu Jialan and Yao Shumei cursed in their hearts, causing them to despair to the bottom of the valley.

"You are all friends with the Elder Sister Meng’er, but you are also my friends. I will definitely do my best to help you." Chen Xiang chuckled: "You don’t have to be so grateful to me, it’s fine if you promise me your life, I can’t take all of you mother and daughter flowers."

"You ..." Mu Jialan said as her jade face instantly flushed red and a red cloud faintly surfaced on Yao Shumei’s cheeks.

Chen Xiang squatted down and said: "When I cure the poison, I want to suck the poison out of my body using my palm against my navel, quickly lift up my clothes."

"What?" Mu Jialan’s face which had just lost its rosiness, once again blushed. The redness reached her ears, letting a man touch her navel was a very embarrassing thing to do.

Chen Xiang felt confused, and said: "What’s wrong with that? It’s not like you’re going to get pregnant, you feel like you’re at a disadvantage. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Mu Jialan bit his lower lip as he glanced at Yao Shumei. Yao Shumei nodded to her, feeling like there was nothing wrong with his hand on his stomach.

Chen Xiang chuckled: "Didn’t you worship me a lot, you should feel honored."