Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang looked around, he no longer had a direction, and did not know where he was. He shook his head and sighed, then casually walked towards a direction.

"I wonder what kind of people Meng’er’s parents are. I feel that they are all very mysterious and powerful." Su Meiyao said.

"When your master, this crazy old man, comes to the Heaven Realm, his strength will definitely increase quickly. As for Yan Zilan and the other sisters, this power cannot be underestimated in the Heaven Realm. "

Chen Xiang nodded: "Even though they are very strong, I can’t always give them trouble. I’ll come find them in the future."

Chen Xiang would not be returning to the Heavenly Bull Immortal Palace now, it was bustling with noise and excitement there. The Holy Spirit Rabbit that the Divine Saber Immortal Palace was raising had been snatched away, several layers of the Heavenly Bull Immortal Palace’s domain had been frozen, the grandson of the Divine Wind Immortal Country was crippled, and the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell had appeared ... All of these things added up together made the Heavenly Bull Immortal Palace, who was originally a low-key immortal palace, famous. However, this was not a good thing, many of the immortal palaces were laughing at the Heavenly Bull Immortal Palace.

The Heavenly Bull Immortal Palace soon had a clue. The first to be awarded were Yu Xuelian, Yao Shumei and Mu Jialan, the three women who participated in the competition, and lastly there was a man that no one knew. He was the one who turned into Chen Xiang, and he even won a million Spiritual crystal from Wang Qiongjin back then.

"This Heaven Realm is very big, if you go to one of the immortal palaces, it would be better for you to buy a guided immortal tablet. This is a low grade immortal pellet, but it has been marked with many famous immortal palaces, and when you cannot use the Transmission array, it will guide you to the right place, it will only be on foot." Su Meiyao said.

He had been running in one direction for more than a month, but he had not seen a single person. Now, he understood why Wu Canghong gave him that Luotian Gate back then, because that thing was completely useless here.

After running for several months, Chen Xiang finally saw an immortal palace in the middle of a huge lake.

Qing Hu Immortal Palace, not bad. Go in and have a look. It would be best if you could go to one of the more popular Immortal Palaces. Su Meiyao said.

Most of the people in the Qing Hu Immortal Palace cultivated the water attribute Innate Qi. Upon entering, one would be able to feel that the immortal qi absorbed by the immortal palace in the middle of the lake was also water attribute, so this was very normal.

"Divine Saber Immortal Palace and Snow Moon Immortal Palace have fought. It’s been a long time since Heaven Realm had this sort of battle with a super immortal palace. I wonder if the men of Divine Saber Immortal Palace can beat the delicate beauties of Snow Moon Immortal Palace."

Chen Xiang passed by a shop that specialized in selling weapons, heard the shopkeeper and an acquaintance talk about this matter, so he walked over and interrupted: "You guys don’t know, that the Holy Spirit Rabbit blood can only be used by women. The Mistress in Snow Moon Immortal Palace was originally a man, but later on she used Jade Rabbit Blood, which would make her a woman.

Chen Xiang’s words attracted the attention of the people in the shop.

"It’s true." Everyone had the heart to gossip, let alone such a big gossip.

"Of course it’s true..." Following this, Chen Xiang added details to the information Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou provided, and unceasingly talked about the things that happened between Snow Moon Immortal Palace and Frozen Moon Asgard.

It was originally just Snow Moon Immortal Palace and Divine Saber Immortal Palace, but Chen Xiang felt that it would be good to bring in another Frozen Moon Asgard. He even talked about the strange poison "Xue Qing One" later on, making Snow Moon Immortal Palace and Frozen Moon Asgard sound extremely evil.

The words that came out of Chen Xiang’s mouth quickly spread around the Clear Lake Immortal Palace. Soon after, there were some people who found out that it came from the old immortal kings, and confirmed that many of those were true, especially the poison.

Most of the women in Snow Moon Immortal Palace had become men. Many of the men who found out about this felt a pinch in their hearts, and the men who had sex with those women felt worse than eating shit, becoming a laughingstock.

The reputations of the Snow Moon Immortal Palace and the Cold Moon Immortal Palace plummeted, and after investigating the source of the news, they found out that it came from a shop that sold weapons. Furthermore, that shop belonged to the Divine Saber Immortal Palace ...

"You all can go slowly. When my Dragon Subduing School grows up, your immortal palaces will be reduced to this." Chen Xiang sat by the window and looked at the scenery outside.

After a few days of inquiry, Chen Xiang found out that there was a newly constructed Myriad Dan Immortal Country in the Heaven Realm.

"This Myriad Dan Immortal Country should be an extension of the Thousand Dan Immortal Palace. We can go take a look, and maybe we’ll even find out more about my Young Master." Su Meiyao was suddenly excited.

"Who is your little master?" Chen Xiang asked.

If he was still here now, he would have been even more powerful. He was the one who taught me alchemy, identified various medicinal herbs and poisons, and other things, but he was very low key, and even now, we still do not know his real name. His relationship with my master is very good, I think we only found out about him after we became sworn brothers. Su Meiyao said.

Chen Xiang did not ask around about anything related to the Ruthless Devil Venerable. Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou did not allow him to ask about anything.

He used it to buy five hundred thousand Spiritual crystal, and it was also to prevent him from getting lost in the future. Only then did he remember that Yu Xuelian and the others had not paid the Spiritual crystal for him, and with his relationship with the three women, three to five million Spiritual crystal would definitely not be a problem, but at that time, he had actually forgotten about it.

"The teleportation cost is five hundred thousand Spiritual crystal. Fuck, the Spiritual crystal I earned from that old granny Wang Qiongjin is gone just like that." Chen Xiang scolded in his heart as he stood inside the Transmission array. He was in desperate need of Spiritual crystal.

The Myriad Dan Immortal Country was very far away from here, and he had to force himself to accept the five hundred thousand Spiritual crystal. Luckily, there were more people in the teleportation gate, otherwise, one of them would lose out by just activating the teleportation of the Transmission array, but this kind of teleportation could rarely send one person, and normally only when there were enough people would people would people be able to teleport over.

When the Transmission array opened, a white light flashed before Chen Xiang’s eyes. He originally thought that he would be able to see the bustling scene inside the Myriad Dan Immortal Country, but who knew that he would see a large patch of trees, and they actually appeared within the forest.

"This... Damn it, we missed another distance. Is the Qing Hu Immortal Palace that poor? They even need to eat Spiritual crystal with this little energy. " One of the elders started to curse, while the others started to curse at the Clear Lake Immortal Palace as well.

Chen Xiang took out the pointing immortal plate. This was a square jade plate the size of a washbasin, with a golden finger array on top. It was pointing in a direction, and words "Myriad Dan Immortal Country" appeared on top of the finger array. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"Little brother, you actually have something like the Road Immortal Plate? I’ve always thought that it was useless." An old man came to Chen Xiang’s side and looked at the needle, then was scolded at the distance displayed.

"We still have twenty days to go." the old man said angrily.

Chen Xiang kept the guided immortal plate, and said: "Ten days is enough."

With that, he immediately ran away, disappearing from everyone’s sight in the blink of an eye.