Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang felt that since he had lost a lot of Spiritual crystal, being able to teleport him to this place was already good enough, but the tycoons who had entered the Transmission array with him did not think so. They wished that they could return to the Clear Lake Immortal Palace and scold the person in charge of teleportation mercilessly.

This place was still considered safe, even if there were demon beasts and the like, it would not be too strong. After all, this place was close to the Myriad Dan Immortal Country, and even if there were strong beasts, they would not dare to appear here, otherwise, it would be very easy for them to be captured by the strong rankers from the Myriad Dan Immortal Country.

Other than Chen Xiang who did not complain, there was one other person who did not say anything. When he appeared and knew the direction of the Myriad Dan Immortal Country, he was like Chen Xiang, immediately rushing forward, and his speed seemed to be even faster than Chen Xiang’s.

"There’s a guy following you at a fast pace, but he seems to have intentionally kept a distance from you and didn’t catch up to you. He was deliberately tailing you from behind." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang also realized that, he activated Heaven Tour and looked at the person behind him. He noticed that he was a very delicate and pretty man, he looked very scholarly and refined, with a light beard below his nose, and a pair of eyes as deep as the ocean. Although the clothes he was wearing weren’t very luxurious, it gave people the feeling that he had a very noble temperament.

"This guy isn’t simple." Chen Xiang said, but the person did not have any malicious intent, as though the reason he followed him was just to confirm the direction.

"Hmm, I actually can’t see through his strength." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang intentionally stopped and then took out the Directing Celestial Plate. Looking towards the direction, the handsome man was also near to him, walking over to Chen Xiang’s side and looking at it carefully.

"This direction is right, the Myriad Dan Immortal Country is right ahead." The man smiled at Chen Xiang: "This brother, this is your first time going to Myriad Dan Immortal Country, right?"

Chen Xiang kept his Immortal Deity Plate and replied with a smile: "That’s right, I’m worried that we’ll go in the wrong direction."

The handsome man said: "I have been in the Myriad Dan Immortal Country for a while, I have always used the Transmission array, this is the first time I am using this method to return to the Myriad Dan Immortal Country, let’s go together." ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Chen Xiang nodded and then ran into the forest together. On the way, Chen Xiang found out that this man’s name was He Feng, but Chen Xiang felt that this was not his real name. Of course, Chen Xiang also used a fake name.

"Brother Yan, why are you in such a hurry to go to Myriad Dan Immortal Country? Is it also for that reason?" He Feng asked.

"What’s that? I just want to take a look at the pills in there and find something suitable." Chen Xiang said honestly, he did not know what happened in Myriad Dan Immortal Country.

He Feng was a little disappointed, and said: "The Immortal King of Myriad Dan Immortal Country is about to abdicate, he will pass the throne down to a prince. According to the rules of the Myriad Dan Immortal Country, the new king will ascend the throne, and the gathering will be held ... ... Of course, many of the reason why many people go to Myriad Dan Immortal Country now is to curry favor with the prince who has the hope of becoming the new king. "

Chen Xiang’s eyes lit up, and asked: "Myriad Dan Immortal Country is a great pill power, I wonder if there will be a pill refining competition."

This was what Chen Xiang was looking forward to, but it would not be easy to get. Maybe when the time came, he would even have to expose himself, but if it was a very precious herb, he would give it his all.

"This one is definitely there. Brother Yan, you’re actually a Alchemist, I really can’t tell." He Feng was a little shocked, because he did not sense any aura from Chen Xiang’s body. Previously, he had thought that Chen Xiang was a disciple from a famous clan, but seeing that Chen Xiang did not know about the matters of the Myriad Dan Immortal Country, he did not think much of it.

Chen Xiang laughed: "I learned a little, when the time comes I just want to join in the fun, what about you, you went to the Myriad Dan Immortal Country for that."

He Feng shook his head: "I am from the Myriad Dan Immortal Country, and this time I was given a ... When the time comes, there will definitely be a secret battle. Many people who are currently distributed among the Ninth Heaven are rushing to Myriad Dan Immortal Country, and Brother Yan, you actually don’t know about this sort of thing. "

"Before I came here, I had already enquired about the Myriad Dan Immortal Country and no one mentioned this matter to me." Chen Xiang frowned, he had indeed inquired about it in detail.

"It seems like Brother Yan is a rogue cultivator. Only some major powers know about this." He Feng suddenly realized something, but he was still surprised, because Chen Xiang was also a Ranker that he could not see through.

"Right now, there are seven princes in Myriad Dan Immortal Country who are all Immortal Kings, so these seven are the most likely to be the princes." Right now, there are seven princes in Myriad Dan Immortal Country who are all Immortal Kings, so these seven are most likely to be the most likely. He Feng said.

Chen Xiang did not expect the interior of the Myriad Dan Immortal Country to be so complicated, but he immediately thought of something, and said: "If that’s the case, then the other six Princes might join hands to deal with the Sixth Prince, the Thousand Dan Immortal King does not care at all."

"The Thousand Dan Immortal King will not appoint a successor. As long as it is a time specified by him, he will leave the Myriad Dan Immortal Country and go to a place to cultivate in seclusion. It has always been like this." He Feng sighed.

"Then which prince are you from, Brother He?" Chen Xiang asked again, he had already sensed that He Feng was trying to rope him in.

"Sixth Prince." He Feng said. He could already tell that Chen Xiang was a smart person and he wanted to rope Chen Xiang in.

"I wonder if Brother Yan wants to follow the Sixth Prince ..." He Feng asked.

"I don’t want to. I’m used to being free and unfettered. I don’t want to get involved in this kind of dispute." Chen Xiang immediately rejected her. When he was at Di Tian, he was always in this kind of dispute, and now it was rare for him to be this free and easy.

He Feng sighed lightly, then handed over a jade tablet to Chen Xiang: "If you have any ideas, take this jade tablet and go find me at the Sixth Prince’s territory, it will be very easy to find me there. The battle for the throne won’t end that soon, so if you go to the Myriad Dan Immortal Country, you’d better be careful of the First Prince.

After Chen Xiang received the jade medallion, he suddenly increased his speed and disappeared in the blink of an eye. was secretly shocked, this He Feng’s strength was far stronger than he had imagined.

"I’m sure of it, at least at the Immortal Monarch’s level of strength. It’s not bad that the Sixth Prince has such a powerful person under his command, but I don’t know who the Sixth Prince is. Back then, I also knew a few influential figures within the Myriad Dan Immortal Country." Su Meiyao said.

"Who cares, I entered to earn Spiritual crystal s, I don’t want to get involved in this kind of nonsense." Chen Xiang put away the jade tablet. The Myriad Dan Immortal Country was nervous right now, he felt that he should be able to find an opportunity to earn a fortune.

"Oh right, I remember that the Immortal King in the Myriad Dan Immortal Country all those years ago seemed to have the surname of He ..." Su Meiyao suddenly said.

"Ah!" Chen Xiang said in surprise, "Could it be that the boy just now was a grandson?"