Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

After walking out of the forest, Chen Xiang stood at the peak, looking into the distance, he could see the blurry shadows of a few large immortal palaces. Although they could be seen, they were very blurry, and were very far away too.

"These are just the few immortal palaces outside. There are more than a hundred of these in the entire Myriad Dan Immortal Country ..." Chen Xiang muttered, this was the power of a Immortal Country, to be able to control so many huge immortal palaces, and there were many of these powers in the Heaven Realm.

"This Myriad Dan Immortal Country should be considered to be one of the more powerful ones, able to compete with forces like the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace and the Fire Divine Palace. It’s just that this is a relatively neutral Immortal Country, we rarely start a fight with others." Su Meiyao said.

Chen Xiang came to the closest immortal palace, which was slightly smaller than the Heavenly Bull Immortal Palace s, but he did not plan to stay there. He wanted to go to the main palace, which was also the center of power for the Myriad Dan Immortal Country.

Originally, he wanted to use the Transmission array, but he didn’t have any Spiritual crystal left. He reckoned that he would be able to live in a room or something like that, this was the first time he was this poor.

"Wait until my dragon vein evolves into the level of Spiritual crystal. I will be the richest person in the Nine Heavens." Chen Xiang consoled himself.

Chen Xiang spent three days and used the fastest speed to rush to the main palace of the Thousand Dan Immortal Palace. The walls here were not very high, and were slightly shorter than the Heavenly Bull Immortal Palace’s thirty thousand meter wall. Furthermore, the high walls here seemed to be made of wood and had a grain of wood. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"Ten thousand Spiritual crystal." Seeing that Chen Xiang did not know the rules and did not give the Spiritual crystal an appointment, a guard immediately stopped him.

Chen Xiang currently did not have any Spiritual crystal, but this did not mean that he was very poor.

"This..." With difficulty, Chen Xiang fished out a jade tablet from the Storage magic treasure. It was given to him by He Feng.

When he saw the jade medallion, the guard immediately felt deep veneration for him. He hastily stepped aside to let him enter.

Chen Xiang felt good inside, and then swaggered in.

"This jade plate is really good stuff, it helped me save ten thousand Spiritual crystal." Chen Xiang was secretly happy in his heart as he put away the jade tablet.

Upon entering the Immortal palace, Chen Xiang immediately felt that the place was much more powerful than the Heavenly Bull Immortal Palace, mainly because of the strength of the people inside. There were many mid to late stages immortals, and also many treasures and pills that were sold in the shops.

After walking around outside for a bit, what troubled Chen Xiang the most was that he could only watch, because he did not have a Spiritual crystal. Especially when he entered some of the pill stores, he wanted to try out some of the so-called "famed experts" who had refined some of the pills.

"Little Scoundrel, you’re being watched." Just as Chen Xiang walked out of a pill shop, Long Xueyi said.

"I didn’t offend anyone." Chen Xiang had only entered the immortal palace for four hours, yet he had not spoken much with anyone before he was set on.

Long Xueyi said: "I thought so too, but I recognize that guy’s appearance. He was previously concealed very well, I didn’t even realize that he had followed me all the way from the entrance."

"I understand. Maybe it’s because I used that jade plate. It seems that I have to quickly change my appearance."

Chen Xiang continued to stroll around, but he had a goal in mind, which was to get rid of the people following him.

Not long after, Chen Xiang turned into a middle-aged big man, walked past the person who was following him, and sneered in his heart: "Continue to follow the illusion created by the Little Naughty Dragon."

Long Xueyi laughed tenderly: "Let’s go for a month or so, and see how long he can follow us."

Chen Xiang passed by many luxurious hotels and inns, and really wanted to go in and take a look. However, the Spiritual crystal beside his hand, couldn’t even stay in the most ordinary of inns here.

"Let’s go up to the high wall and take a look at the scenery." Chen Xiang was only strolling in the outer circle. In the center was the palace area, and there were even more Innates in the vicinity. And there was even a fight that was brewing.

At this time, the sky was clear and the walls were not shrouded by clouds, which allowed them to look down on the main palace. However, they could only see a small part of the palace and it was even more blurry in the distance.

BOOM!

Above the blue sky, a great rumbling sound could be heard. Everyone that was attacking immediately raised their heads to look at the sky, only to see a huge door appear in the sky.

"It’s the Dragon Gate. The people from Imperial Dragon Clan are here." Long Xueyi said.

This huge golden door was covered with carvings of all sorts of dragons. After the door was opened, a dragon’s roar resounded, enveloping the entire horizon. It was extremely terrifying, as if a huge dragon was about to descend.

"This is the teleportation saint artifact of the Imperial Dragon Clan, named Dragon Gate. It can teleport at will through the nine heavens." Long Xueyi explained.

A ray of golden light shot out from the dragon gate, which then disappeared. Only a golden mist was left in the sky, and more than ten golden-robed people appeared under the high wall. They were most likely the Emperor Dragon who had just come out of the dragon gate.

"There are two holy dragons. The rest are all fire dragons and the like, but they all have a very strong Emperor Dragon aura. The strongest one should have the strength of a Dragon King." Long Xueyi said, his voice carried a burst of killing intent, Chen Xiang had rarely seen Long Xueyi with such killing intent.

Chen Xiang asked: "Is he your enemy?"

However, the moment he entered the door, he immediately rushed towards the nearest Transmission array. Many people did not even see his face, and they were teleported away, probably to the central region.

"You are the Leader of the Dragon Subduing School, and I am the very high Elder of the Dragon Subduing School. How do you think we should deal with this kind of dragon?" Long Xueyi retracted her killing intent and snorted.

Chen Xiang chuckled: "This will depend on whether the dragon’s value is worth it to attack. If it’s someone like that Prince Imperial Dragon, I think it’s very necessary.

Just as Chen Xiang walked down from the high wall and arrived on the ground, he felt a strong wave of The power of the holy dragon surging from the center of the wall, followed by a somewhat familiar aura.

"This is ..." Chen Xiang was shocked.

"It’s the Imperial Avian Race. I didn’t expect the situation in the Myriad Dan Immortal Country to be so complicated."

Long Xueyi said. Imperial Dragon Clan and Imperial Feather Race probably wanted to support a prince to become the new King, so they all secretly helped, so that he could have some power in the Myriad Dan Immortal Country.