Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

When Huang Jintian heard that he was here to make a fortune, his eyes immediately lit up. Back when he was at Di Tian, he already knew that Chen Xiang was a tycoon that treated pills as food.

"Master, you have been in the Heaven Realm for a while, you should be doing well. Can you lend me a thousand or so Spiritual crystal?" Chen Xiang rubbed his hands together: "I am currently lacking in Spiritual crystal, lacking in the flow of Spiritual crystal." RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Huang Jintian shouted: If I had thousands of Spiritual crystal s to lend to you, would I even need to sleep on the streets? If you don’t have Spiritual crystal s, why would you come here?

"Didn’t I say it already? I’m here to make a fortune." Chen Xiang was extremely disappointed.

"You were just selling some pills and the Spiritual crystal came. Are you really that poor?" Huang Jintian hugged his chest and said: "How many Spiritual crystal on you?"

"There’s still three thousand like this." Chen Xiang said.

"Just this little bit, it’s not even enough to fill the gaps between our teeth." Huang Jintian muttered to himself, then shouted: "Lend me two thousand, I need it urgently."

After Chen Xiang haggled with him for a while, and only gave him a thousand and five hundred Spiritual crystal, he also wanted to keep a little of them by his side. Moreover, he didn’t believe that Huang Jintian would be so poor.

"Master, the fellow from Imperial Dragon Clan is here. Do you want me to borrow a Green dragon demon-slain broadsword?" Chen Xiang chuckled: "Just give me the dragon pearls on their bodies when the time comes."

Huang Jintian glared at him, curled his lips, and said: "Lending me the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, don’t you think my life is too long? Using a Green dragon demon-slain broadsword in Heaven Realm, that’s simply courting death.

If Yao Tian and Mo Tian’s people knew, they would definitely come to snatch it. Imperial Dragon Clan and Divine Saber Immortal Palace also thought that this blade was theirs, and would definitely participate.

I can’t use this blade. Unless I have no other choice, I must not expose myself. This Heaven Realm isn’t like Di Tian. Huang Jintian said.

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "Master, how about I go with you to kill dragons. I only want dragon pearls, and dragon meat for you to eat."

Huang Jintian really liked eating meat. Back then, at the bottom of the sky pit in Super Martial profound Realm, he had often barbecued meat to eat.

"No, it’s too dangerous to go with you. Kid, you will kill me. If you are exposed, I will be in trouble." Huang Jintian refused.

"Master, you really have no conscience. Just now, I gave you fifteen hundred Spiritual crystal." Chen Xiang said snappily.

"If you want to kill the dragon, go. Do you think I don’t know that the dragon pearl is more precious than the dragon’s body? You want to take advantage of me? We’ll kill each other." After Huang Jintian finished speaking, he turned around and threw it away.

Chen Xiang wanted to ask some more questions, but did not give chase.

"I thought that Master would be able to fish up some benefits, but not only did I not manage to get anything, he even took away fifteen hundred Spiritual crystal." Chen Xiang sighed, and then walked towards the center of the bustling area.

"What if he kills the dragon? That would infuriate the Imperial Dragon Clan and we wouldn’t have any dragon cores to eat." Long Xueyi said worriedly.

"My master, this old lunatic, doesn’t need us to worry about him. However, if he really kills those dragons, it is indeed not a good thing. However, with my current strength, I cannot make a move as soon as possible." Chen Xiang said. He had just ascended to Heaven Realm, and would have to face those dragons head on. He didn’t know the other party’s foundation, so he didn’t dare to be reckless.

"Your master is very powerful as well. I didn’t even notice that it was him. He must have undergone some changes while cultivating that Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu. Maybe he even made some changes on his own." Long Xueyi said.

In Long Xueyi’s eyes, Huang Jintian had always been a mysterious person who could not be seen through. He himself was a member of the Undead Race, and had an endless lifespan, but Long Xueyi did not know how long he had lived for. He had once dominated the entire Mortal Realm a long time ago, and now that he was here in the Heaven Realm, he had started to have ideas about the Emperor Dragon, so he was definitely not a simple person.

This central region was normal, and it didn’t seem to be in chaos because of the battle for the throne. However, Chen Xiang felt that this was probably because the battle for the throne wasn’t intense enough.

Chen Xiang was searching for a pill shop here, wanting to see if he could find a job. He would temporarily have a place to stay, then see how the situation turned, and find a way to make a huge profit from this.

"Are you the Pill Sect? Do you have their jade token?"

An old man in charge of recruiting Alchemist looked up and down at Chen Xiang, while Chen Xiang turned into a simple middle-aged man. This kind of appearance was indeed rather rare in the Pill Sect, and most of them were old men.

The level of Alchemist here was also around the same as Di Tian’s. Back then, Di Tian’s new division was set by the Tong Tian Aristocratic Family and Sheng Domain. It was probably based on this Heaven Realm.

Of course, Chen Xiang would not mind being able to refine a high grade Ground level pill, but he did not have the Pill Sect’s jade tablet to prove it.

"I haven’t taken the test yet, but I can concoct high grade Ground level pills." Chen Xiang said.

However, that would require him to duplicate a large amount of high-grade Ground level medicinal ingredients, and then refine a lot of them. It was very complicated, and he felt that if he had the time, he might as well make higher grade medicinal ingredients. The current creation divine liquid was extremely precious to him.

Seeing the doubtful expression on the old man’s face, Chen Xiang anxiously said: "I can use my own medicine to display it. If I were to go for the assessment, it will take a lot of time, and I will have to wait a bit before I take the examination, right?"

Chen Xiang had already investigated on this matter.

"That’s right. If you had just been able to refine a high grade Ground level Pellet, you would have been unable to undergo the examination within a short period of time. Furthermore, the cost would have been extremely high as many Alchemist would have been able to earn Spiritual crystal before then." The old man nodded, then brought Chen Xiang inside the medicine store.

Seeing Chen Xiang looking around like a country bumpkin along the way, because the interior of the shop was really big and the decorations were luxurious, Chen Xiang felt dizzy as if he was looking at a palace. The hall that displayed the pills, for example, gave people the feeling that it was a small plaza that could accommodate tens of thousands of people.

"I didn’t expect it to be so small from the outside, but after entering, there’s still such a large space." Chen Xiang said in shock.

"Of course, the pill shop belongs to the large area behind this street. You must know that this pill shop is the place where the Sixth Prince once stayed." When the old man mentioned this matter, his face was filled with pride.

The Sixth Prince was the strongest prince in the Myriad Dan Immortal Country, and was the most likely person to become the King of the Immortal Country.