Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

was considering whether or not he should take out that jade tablet. In this way, he could temporarily join the Sixth Prince, and at the very least, live a good life with him, but in the end, he decided not to rely on this relationship. He himself walked his own path, as a dignified Leader, he did not want to become a part of any faction.

Furthermore, at this time, he was only earning a little Spiritual crystal in this medicine store. It was not equivalent to joining this faction.

Chen Xiang wanted to follow the old man to the pill refining room. It was a secret room built underground, and it was extremely quiet and safe there.

"We have a lot of Alchemist s, many of their immortal pills come here to stock up." The old man brought Chen Xiang to the depths of the earth.

Walking along the path, Chen Xiang suddenly saw a familiar face, it was just that this man was dressed extravagantly, releasing a kind of glaring radiance, although he looked handsome, he did not lose out to a king.

"He Feng... This guy really is a grandson. " Chen Xiang thought.

"Young Master." The old man bowed his head slightly, then told He Feng that he had brought someone to take the Pill Refining Exam.

He Feng nodded his head: "Then let’s go quickly, we will need a large amount of pills later."

After He Feng left, Chen Xiang asked in a low voice, "Uncle, who is he?"

The old man immediately became respectful, and said: "The eldest son of the Sixth Prince, whose strength is at the late stage of Immortal Monarch, is one of the stronger existences among the Myriad Dan Immortal Country’s royal grandchildren. Don’t look at him like this.

Chen Xiang took a deep breath and said in shock, "Demon Palace, are there no Demon Lord level fellows inside? How is that possible?"

The old man chuckled, "Of course there is. However, Eldest Young Master has a very strong power that can deal with that Demon King and ultimately destroy the entire Demon Palace. So, he’s very famous."

"What’s his name?" Chen Xiang asked.

"He Feng."

Chen Xiang thought that this was a fake name back then, but he never thought that it was actually real. He suddenly felt that he was just too ignorant, and it was no wonder that He Feng could see that he was a guy who didn’t know anything at that time.

"As the eldest son of an Immortal King, it’s impossible for him to not have some ability. Don’t be jealous of him, you’re not bad either. In my heart, you’re the strongest." Su Meiyao chuckled.

"Yes." Chen Xiang was truly surprised at He Feng’s strength just now. What kind of power was this?

"Indeed, the Heaven Realm has as many powerful warriors as the clouds." Chen Xiang lamented.

"This era seems to be even more powerful than the one we had. Could it be that it’s because Di Tian is about to be reborn? Or is it because a new Nine Emperors and Five Venerables is about to appear?" Bai Youyou said.

Arriving at the pill refining room, the old man gave Chen Xiang a pill furnace and Chen Xiang took out a portion of Relive Dan’s medicinal ingredients. It was just that the quality was not very good, otherwise, it would have been eaten by Long Xueyi long ago.

Seeing this quality, the old man frowned slightly. This was because even if he were to refine it, he would be able to refine something good. If it was someone who had just become a member of the Pill Sect, refining it would be even more difficult.

"Please check." Chen Xiang passed over the quality, poor quality herbs. Thinking back to when he owned a large amount of these herbs, he just did not need them now, nor did he copy them.

"There’s no need. You can just directly refine it. Even if you fail, if your performance is not bad, we will still accept you." The old man said.

If the old man was not here, Chen Xiang would have immediately used the God purification, which would have been much faster.

Although the quality was not high, but in Chen Xiang’s eyes, it was no problem at all. In many pill refining competitions, he had long gotten used to it.

From the time he was handling the medicinal ingredients and releasing the flames, the old man had been watching by the side. Seeing that Chen Xiang was very skilled and very calm, he secretly nodded his head.

If he wanted to succeed, he would need to wait for a while. The old man sat on a nearby chair and waited patiently.

Originally, he thought he would have to wait a long time, but he did not expect Chen Xiang to finish refining in just over an hour.

"I’ve finished refining it. Senior, please take a look." Chen Xiang stood up and opened the lid of the pill furnace.

"Two pills." The old man hurriedly walked over and said in astonishment.

"How do you make it?"

"Just like this, it was refined. Fire it, and then the Foreseeing Alchemy." Chen Xiang said simply.

The old man sized up Chen Xiang from head to toe. He never thought that there would be such a talent, using mediocre quality medicinal ingredients, he was able to create two Relive Dan s at an extremely fast speed, and the quality was also very good.

Chen Xiang had hidden a lot, otherwise he would be even more shocking.

"What’s your name?" the old man asked.

"Yan Fei." Chen Xiang could only use a fake name, if he used his real name, the Myriad Dan Immortal Country would be even more chaotic. Although he was just a small fry in the eyes of many big shots, but what he knew were the things that all the powerhouses dreamed of.

"If you pass, I will have someone arrange something for you. These are jade tokens for entering and exiting the Pill Emperor Hall. Someone will tell you the specifics." The old man said.

After leaving the pill refining room, there was indeed a youth who came over and brought Chen Xiang out of the underground pill refining palace. They arrived at a villa above and arranged for Chen Xiang to stay there.

Chen Xiang sat in the courtyard, basking in the sunlight. In the center of the courtyard, he could see a small house that could read magic, allowing him to relax.

"This Heaven Realm’s sky seems to be pretty blue. I wonder how Master is doing." Chen Xiang was still a little worried about the crazy old Huang Jintian, because the one Huang Jintian was going to deal with was the Emperor Dragon.

As Chen Xiang was muttering to himself, a gentle and sweet voice sounded out, "Master Yan, I am Little Ling. I will be your personal servant in the future.

Chen Xiang turned his head over, and saw a sweet girl with a ponytail wearing a purple dress smiling sweetly at him. She was squinting her curved eyes right now.

"This... And there’s even a personal maid gifted it to you. The treatment is too good right? " Seeing such a sweet and pretty girl, Chen Xiang praised her in his heart.

"My personal maid, you will follow me wherever I go, right?" Chen Xiang asked. He was a little happy in his heart, after all, one person would be annoyed, although there were three women in the ring.

"Un, I’ll do whatever you want me to do... Although I am not very strong, but I understand a lot of things and should be able to help you. " Xiao Ling stood behind Chen Xiang and said with a gentle smile.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only