Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Although Chen Xiang heard the He Hong’s words, he did not pay any attention to it. He focused on the Elder Uncle Li’s pill furnace, the furnace was truly powerful, at the beginning he thought that the Elder Uncle Li was just lying down, but upon closer inspection, he realized that he was really concocting pills.

But the condition of the Elder Uncle Li was very strange, it was like he was in a half asleep state, if he could concoct pills in this state, it would be too amazing.

"sister Meiyao, do you recognize this pill furnace?" Chen Xiang asked, this kind of pill furnace should have some background.

"I don’t know him, but this old man is very powerful, he’s not an ordinary Alchemist." Su Meiyao also noticed it.

"It’s about to form the core." Chen Xiang felt a weak change in the pill furnace, and thought.

Xiao Ling did not bother with the He Hong, as Chen Xiang had told her to ignore him. At the moment, she was still nervous as she held Chen Xiang’s big hand tightly and looked at the Elder Uncle Li that seemed to be dead. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"Little girl, didn’t you and your master hear what I said?" The He Hong frowned slightly. There was actually someone who looked down on him, even if the sixth shop’s Manager Ma came, he would have to smile at him.

Chen Xiang was currently frowning as he looked at the Elder Uncle Li earnestly. He casually replied, "I heard.

The He Hong was a little angry because Chen Xiang didn’t even look at him.

"What are you pretending for, are you afraid? You purposely looked at the old Sleeping Bug concocting pills and pretended that you could see something. It seems like you are trying to escape, the Alchemist that was just hired by number six shop is only mediocre." The He Hong sneered.

"Say what you like. However, Elder Uncle Li is indeed powerful, he was almost able to condense the pill successfully, but I wonder what pill he is refining, it is not something that is commonly seen. " Chen Xiang muttered, making some people confused, because after looking at it for a long time, he still could not see through it.

"Acting arrogantly..." Just as the He Hong finished speaking, the Elder Uncle Li opened his eyes and opened the lid of the pill furnace. Just as the lid was slightly ajar, the red light shot out and disappeared.

"I failed." Elder Uncle Li sighed.

Everyone was shocked, because what Chen Xiang said was true, but Elder Uncle Li did not succeed in concocting the core, causing the people around him to be respectful towards him. Someone who could see through the mysteries of Elder Uncle Li, must also be very powerful.

"Elder Uncle Li, what pill is this?" an old man asked. Although he looked older than Elder Uncle Li, he still addressed him like that.

The Elder Uncle Li swept his gaze across the crowd. At this time, there were more and more people here, partly because the He Hong was challenging them, and partly because Elder Uncle Li was asleep for a few days. Finally, he opened the lid of the pill furnace.

"Guess." Elder Uncle Li laughed out loud.

"Guess your head. If I knew, would I even need to ask you?" The old man immediately said.

Although he was usually arrogant, he was not stupid. He knew that the Elder Uncle Li was very powerful and that his first shop wanted to win over the Elder Uncle Li, but it was to no avail. However, he still wanted to continue challenging Chen Xiang so he could see what level the new Alchemist at the sixth shop had reached.

"It’s the Heaven Blood Pill." Chen Xiang said.

"But you could tell from what happened just now. Have you ever refined one before? Or have you seen someone refine one, or have you heard of one?" Elder Uncle Li looked at Chen Xiang in shock.

The others were puzzled, and the He Hong did the same. He quickly took out a jade and called down their number one shop’s Alchemist from the fourth floor’s fifth floor.

The name ’Heaven Blood Pill’ was easy to understand. It should be related to blood, but many people had never heard of it.

If Su Meiyao had not said so, Chen Xiang himself would not know what pill this Elder Uncle Li was refining just now.

Chen Xiang smiled slightly: "I have only heard that there is a type of pill that would cause blood light to soar into the sky after condensing a pill. Its main function is to produce a very powerful blood, so it should be considered a middle grade Heaven level pill.

Everyone was stunned. Elder Uncle Li was actually refining a middle grade Heaven level pill, then he should have rolled to the fourth and fifth floor. That was a place for him to stay.

"Do you still have any medicinal materials for the Heaven Blood Pill?" The He Hong quickly asked: "I am willing to buy it at a high price."

"No more." Then, he threw a large pile of medicinal ingredients into the pill furnace, closed the lid and continued to concoct pills with his eyes closed.

At this time, a few old men came to the He Hong’s side, they were all from Alchemist, and came down from the fourth floor to the fifth floor. One could imagine their level of alchemy, after Xiao Ling discovered this, she lightly pulled on Chen Xiang’s hand, indicating him to quickly leave.

Chen Xiang did not want Xiao Ling to worry either and walked out from the crowd of people, but he was stopped by the He Hong in front of her.

"Alchemist of the number six store, this is your first time here, right? This is your first time here, I’m sure you have some skill, if you don’t make it past one or two batches, you might not be able to make it out alive." The He Hong said with a smile that did not reach his eyes.

"Seventh Young Master, Big Brother Yan is going back to rest. He joined the sixth shop today and has already made a few batches of pills. He’s just out for a walk." Xiao Ling also did not wish for Chen Xiang to bet with the He Hong, because there would usually be no good results.

"What are you talking about? Is there anywhere to talk?" The He Hong said coldly.

"So you’re the one who opened this place. Whether or not you can speak will depend on your expression. In that case, you are the one who should decide whether or not to bet pill refining here. What else can we do? Let’s go." Chen Xiang pulled Xiao Ling, and just as he took a step forward, he was stopped by the middle-aged man.

If he did not have to hide here, Chen Xiang would not have such a good temper. If they were to be together, those who were intentionally blocking his way, he would definitely make them lie down.

There were quite a lot of Alchemist who were forced by He Hong to make a bet. Everyone was already used to this kind of thing, and it was also something many people were looking forward to.

"Won’t you leave?" Chen Xiang’s tone became much colder.

"This little girl has talked back to me before. You can leave, but she has to stay." The He Hong glanced at Xiao Ling viciously.

If you lose, don’t lose anything. Just respectfully call me Young Master, and if I lose, you can have one hundred thousand Spiritual crystal. "Ling Chen:" ... ... The He Hong said: "This should be very worthwhile."

The He Hong did not lack Spiritual crystal s, but it was very boring. Most of these young masters were like this, always looking for existence and acting tyrannically.

Chen Xiang laughed coldly, "Not interesting at all."

After all, it was just a furnace of pills. However, Chen Xiang felt that if he wanted to play with this kind of fellow, he had to play big ones and make him lose even more miserably, so that he could remember this name.

"Not enough." The He Hong suddenly laughed: "Someone actually dares to play big with me, then you must at least see how big of a bet you have."

Chen Xiang also laughed out loud: "Do you dare to play with your life?"