Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Elder Uncle Li passed four Relive Dan pills to He Tang and the others, saying, "You can take a look for yourselves."

"There’s no need to look." He Tang was very calm. Even though he was shocked, he did not suspect.

"The reason why three pellets came out is because of the conclusion given by the Foreseeing Alchemy, but this little brother did not use the Foreseeing Alchemy. I think he used the most direct and fastest way to refine the ingredients, and that can indeed reduce the loss of Medicine aura s. If we are serious, four pellets is not a problem." Elder Uncle Li said, he was also surprised in his heart, this pill refining technique must be very powerful, but he knew that it was not easy to master.

"Let’s go." He Tang pulled the He Hong and left. Everyone originally wanted to chat a bit more with Chen Xiang, but Ma Dong anxiously brought Chen Xiang and Xiao Ling away.

"Come often when you have time." This is what the Elder Uncle Li said to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang knew that the Elder Uncle Li was a guy that hid his strength, and instantly saw through many things.

"Master Yan, don’t go out during this period of time. Stay here, I’ll go inform the young master." Manager Ma brought Chen Xiang back to the shop and arranged for a few experts to protect Chen Xiang.

"Then what about Little Ling?" Chen Xiang looked at Xiao Ling and asked.

"From now on, she is yours. This is her blood contract." Manager Ma threw a beast skin piece to Chen Xiang and quickly left.

Chen Xiang brought Little Ling back to his own house and then gave her the blood contract. He said with a smile, "From now on, you are free to go."

"Thank you ... "Thank you, Big Brother Yan." Little Ling’s eyes were red as she put away the blood contract, "I will definitely serve Big Brother Yan well from now on, for the rest of my life."

"Little girl, you don’t have to follow me in the future. You can do whatever you want to do. It’s not fun to follow me, you might even get chased down." Chen Xiang smiled as he pinched her exquisite face.

"I’m not afraid." A sweet smile appeared on Xiao Ling’s face again. However, this was the smile that came from her heart, not the stiff and emotionless professional smile from before.

"Mhm, Little Ling is so brave." Chen Xiang also knew that this little girl had no relatives or reasons. He didn’t want her to feel lonely so he wouldn’t reject her at the moment.

"Big Brother Yan, you’re really amazing. Your pill refining level is already considered very strong in Myriad Dan Immortal Country. Even the geniuses that the princes were proud of are not as good as you." Little Ling said.

"Little Ling, do you have a surname?" Chen Xiang caressed her head and asked lovingly.

"Nope." Little Ling shook her head.

"Then from now on, I will be surnamed Shen." Chen Xiang smiled.

"Why should I be surnamed Shen? Can’t I be surnamed Yan with Big Brother Yan’s surname?"

"You’ll know in the future. Don’t ask now." Chen Xiang took out a spirit fruit for her to eat. This was given to her by Long Xueyi, and it was rare for her to be so generous.

"I’ll be Shen Lingling from now on. Big Brother Yan, are you saying that you’re my big brother?" Shen Lingling was currently very happy. Although her own identity was very lowly, this Big Brother Yan was very good to her. In her eyes, he was a good person.

"Yes, I have two younger sisters. From now on, we are family." Chen Xiang said in a low voice: "Don’t tell this to anyone else."

Chen Xiang had treated her so well, but he just felt pity for her. Furthermore, they were fated to meet, and what he had done was very simple, to make Shen Lingling, who had lived in this cruel world since he was young, feel warmth. Seeing Shen Lingling happily dancing in the courtyard, Chen Xiang felt extremely happy in his heart.

"Is there any way for her to continue to raise her strength? Even though she’s a Worldly Immortal, her foundation is very weak, and her Innate Qi is very weak. I guess her cultivation technique is not that good." Chen Xiang asked Long Xueyi and the others.

"If it was our previous peak strength, we might have been able to help her. But now, it’s very difficult. Even if we use immortal pills, we would still need high grade ones." Su Meiyao said.

is now a Dragon King, and she should have already stepped into the divine way. At that time, she will cultivate out a Twin Dragon Pearl and let Long Huishan give her a Dragon Pearl. It won’t hurt Long Huishan at all, she can still condense one more Dragon Pearl. Long Xueyi said: "If my cultivation is sufficient, I can give it to her."

"Dragon beads can be used in this way? Then wouldn’t it be fine if I go kill the holy dragon now?" Chen Xiang said.

"This won’t do. Those dragon pearls are useless. First of all, it’s a man, and that’s a Yang Dragon Pearl. Moreover, that dragon bead would not be willing to fuse with this little girl. Only those dragon beads that it willingly gives out will be useful." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang said: "After I finish what I have to do here, I will go and find Big Sis Long and help me to the end."

Now that the Sacred Dan Realm had fused with the Heaven Realm, it would be much easier for Chen Xiang to find Long Huishan. Furthermore, Du Hai was also here, he hoped that he would be able to find the Dan Immortal at that time.

"Master Yan, there’s a very slovenly old man outside who wishes to meet you. He said that he and your master are friends, and that his strength is not bad at all." a guard shouted from the doorway.

At first, Chen Xiang suspected who this old man was, but after he thought about it for a moment, he knew that this slovenly old man was definitely his master, Huang Jintian.

"Give him some clothes. Tell him to come see me after he takes a shower and changes. You have to be polite with him." Chen Xiang said. He was now a master, and the fact that he had been defeated by Number 1 Shop was already known to everyone, his status was incomparably respected.

After Huang Jintian was cleaned up, he had a rather expert appearance. When he heard the news that came from the Myriad Dan Building, he immediately guessed that it was his enchanter disciple and rushed over to eat and drink.

"Little guy, you’re amazing." Huang Jintian laughed out loud. If he did not see Shen Lingling here, he would definitely laugh crazily.

Seeing Chen Xiang’s sullen face, Huang Jintian patted his shoulder and said: "I’ll be staying here for a while, I don’t need you to take out anything to eat or drink, this sixth shop will definitely treat me like a lord, don’t worry, don’t worry, I won’t take any of your ten million Spiritual crystal."

Chen Xiang said: "Those ten million Spiritual crystal have helped Xiao Ling to redeem herself."

Huang Jintian looked at Xiao Ling and laughed sinisterly: "You brat, there’s a bunch of women waiting for you in the Human King’s Immortal Palace." RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"Old Yellow, how are they now?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"Cough cough ..." Little Girl brought her two disciples with her parents, and Hua Xiangyue brought her disciple to the Hundreds of Flowers Immortal Country.

Chen Xiang asked again, "Then... Where’s Dongfang Xinyue. "

"This blacksmith girl is yours too." Huang Jintian was a little surprised.

"She took Dongfang Jing to other places. She said that there is a connection between that place and her Dongfang family. Oh right, this Dongfang Jing said that she is your little sister, and you have quite a few little sisters." Huang Jintian joked.

Chen Xiang glanced at Xiao Ling, and said: "This is also my little sister, don’t go crazy in front of her."

"Oh... "Alright, make the arrangements. I will be by your side in the future, and also investigate the matters in the palace. There is no news from there, and it will not be easy to enter." Huang Jintian said.