Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Although there were many people who had discussed the matter of Imperial Dragon Clan coming to the Myriad Dan Immortal Country, there was no important news. It was clear that they were all in the strict palace and not a single piece of information could be spread out.

"Then you will be my personal follower from now on." Chen Xiang thought, and decided to arrange Huang Jintian like this.

"Can’t you be a bit more advanced?" Huang Jintian was a little unwilling.

"Too high level. Others will suspect you. This is better." Chen Xiang said.

Huang Jintian could only agree because he didn’t need to sleep on the street all day as he ate and drank with Chen Xiang.

Manager Ma returned very quickly. When he came in and saw Huang Jintian, he said: "This must be your master’s friend. I don’t know how to address him."

"Just call me Old Yellow." In order to not let others know who he was, Huang Jintian had changed his appearance slightly. He was Chen Xiang’s master, had control of the Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu, and was a figure that many great powers paid more attention to.

"Manager Ma, he’s a distant relative of my master. If I let him be my follower, can I make it easier for him to enter and leave this place? Sometimes I can get him to do something for me." Chen Xiang said.

Chen Xiang had done a great deed and made him look even more proud. The Sixth Prince had even exaggerated his good taste and recruited such a powerful Alchemist.

Huang Jintian also got a job here, so he was quite satisfied with being able to receive the Spiritual crystal. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

In two days, the Sixth Prince will come over. If you perform well and get the attention of the Sixth Prince, maybe you will be able to enter the palace. I will give you some information, the Old Immortal King is about to leave Myriad Dan Immortal Country, and at that time, the seven princes will engage in an intense battle. Manager Ma said in a low voice.

was of course very willing to enter the palace, and he also sent a sound transmission to Huang Jintian, telling him to do his best to enter the palace to investigate the situation and understand the strength of the Emperor Dragons.

"Mm, I will definitely perform well when the time comes." Chen Xiang nodded.

After Manager Ma left, Huang Jintian burst out laughing. At this time, Shen Lingling ran over and asked Huang Jintian curiously what was laughing at.

"Little Ling, don’t worry about him. There’s something wrong with his head." Chen Xiang said as he pulled Shen Lingling over. He was currently considering how to make the arrangements for Shen Lingling, and when he enters the palace, he could not bring Shen Lingling in.

"Big Brother Yan, your alchemy skills are so strong. When the time comes, you will definitely receive important treatment from the Sixth Prince. Who knows, you might even be able to enter that palace." Shen Lingling said somewhat excitedly.

"Yes, but I can’t bring you in. The inside is very dangerous, and if you accidentally anger some powerful guys inside, you will face a disaster." Chen Xiang said seriously.

Shen Lingling nodded, as if she knew something as well: "Then where should I go then? I’m not a girl from the sixth shop anymore, I’m not related to anyone for no reason. If Big Brother Yan isn’t by my side, I don’t even know where I should go to."

Chen Xiang looked towards Huang Jintian and sent a sound transmission to him: "Master, help me arrange this little girl. Her condition is a little special, even though she has the strength of a Worldly Immortal, she was raised up using a few secret techniques, which is very harmful to her."

The moment Huang Jintian heard it, he immediately frowned and walked over: "Little Ling, I’m going to check on your cultivation situation and stretch out my hand."

When Shen Lingling saw that Huang Jintian had become so serious and not as crazy as before, she became a little fearful for him, but she still extended her hand out.

"As expected, these fellows really dare to use this method to cultivate their slaves. This is unforgivable." Huang Jintian said a few plain words, but you could tell that he was extremely angry.

"Little Ling, is this all the work of the sixth shop? Will the other forces do the same?" Huang Jintian asked, his expression becoming much gentler.

"I heard that all the princes do it this way. Only they know how to use this kind of secret technique." Shen Lingling said in a low voice.

Chen Xiang said: "They need to grow a large amount of medicinal herbs, and need some stronger people to protect them, which will reduce the cost."

Shen Lingling said in a low voice: "I also heard that some of the people who succeeded in inserting Heaven Pills would also be sent to dig Spiritual crystal."

Huang Jintian looked at Chen Xiang and sent a sound transmission to him, "I hate others treating these pitiful little imps the most. Brat, think of a way to take care of all seven princes and bring out your ability to cause trouble at Di Tian’s place.

"This... "It’s a bit difficult, so you should help me arrange it first." Chen Xiang thought for a while and decided to send Xiao Ling off right now. He felt that something big was going to happen here very soon.

"Master, have you heard of the Long family in the Sacred Dan Realm?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course I have, little sister Xiangyue also told me that Female Dragon King is your big sister, if you want to bring this little girl there, that’s not a problem, but if you need some Spiritual crystal, the cost of teleporting back and forth should be more than a million, right? That place is too far away."

Chen Xiang still had ten million Spiritual crystal, he immediately took out a million and gave it to Huang Jintian: "Come back as soon as possible and give this jade token to her. After she sees it, she knows how to take care of Xiao Ling."

At first, Shen Lingling was unwilling, but after Chen Xiang tried to persuade her, he told her that he would take her to a big sister’s place so that she could cultivate there and become a strong warrior in the future ...

Huang Jintian brought Xiao Ling and left for the Sacred Dan Realm. That place was currently called the Sacred Pill Domain, and the alchemy resources there were still very abundant, especially the Sacred Dan Realm on the other side, which was ruled by the Four Major Clans.

Huang Jintian left at noon and returned at night.

"The Female Dragon King asked if she could help and she knew what you are doing here. She said that she is very free right now." Huang Jintian did not actually come back empty-handed. He had brought a lot of delicious food with him.

Chen Xiang could tell from the taste of the dishes that they were from the Long family’s hotels. He had eaten there a few times before, but he had already guessed that Huang Jintian would be shamelessly eating special food there.

"There’s definitely no need for her help. The fewer people here, the better, and it would affect the Imperial Dragon Clan ... ... When the time comes, they will definitely form two forces. One is to help the Sixth Prince obtain the throne, and the other is to stop the Sixth Prince. " Chen Xiang said.

"The Imperial Avian Race is also here. This is great, I have never eaten royal bird meat before." Huang Jintian became excited, and suddenly the immortal beast meat on the table became much worse.

"Master, you have heard of the Imperial Feather Race." Chen Xiang asked curiously.

"Of course I have, but Imperial Avian Race has always kept a low profile, and Imperial Dragon Clan has always been like this. However, in recent years, he has become very high-profile, and I don’t know which side helped the Sixth Prince. Huang Jintian laughed.

"Someone’s coming." Huang Jintian’s body trembled. "A strong guy, could it be the Sixth Prince? What is he doing here so late?"