Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

During Di Tian’s time, had always kept it in his heart that he was unable to get rid of the two Immortal King Stage powerhouses from the Fire Divine Palace. Of course, it was impossible here now.

Huang Jintian sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang, "I saw that old woman called Wang Qiongjin. When you were at Di Tian, you should have sparred with her before.

Chen Xiang couldn’t help but praise Huang Jintian’s transparent bird for being able to see and hear so many things. Although it was a bit slower than Long Xueyi, it was already not bad to be able to do this much.

"Are they going to fight? Right here in the palace." Chen Xiang asked: "If that’s not the case, why did they call in such a strong Ranker, could it be that they want to suppress the other party using their aura?"

"Who knows? But if they don’t fight, then your dream of getting rich and my dream of slaying a dragon will be ruined. We have to make them fight and make them bite each other." Huang Jintian smiled and sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang had taught him all the tricks and tricks he knew, and Huang Jintian had also become proficient with them. At the same time, Chen Xiang had also thought the same way.

"I also want to eat royal bird meat. Grilled royal birds are very delicious." Long Xueyi shouted from inside the ring.

On the second day, Huang Jintian and Long Xueyi released their vigilant voices at the same time.

"He Feng is bringing Wang Qiongjin over."

If she had not requested for it, He Feng would definitely not have brought her here. Chen Xiang had a bad premonition, he had fought with Wang Qiongjin before, so he was worried that he would be recognized.

He had a huge grudge with the Imperial Dragon Clan and him, so he definitely could not reveal it.

"Master Yan, this is one of the twenty hall masters of Fire Divine Palace, Senior Wang." He Feng was worried that Chen Xiang did not know him, so he quickly introduced him, in order to not anger Wang Qiongjin.

Chen Xiang and Huang Jintian both came up to greet the old woman, but they were cursing her in their hearts.

"I heard that when you refined Relive Dan, you were able to produce four pellets in a single furnace. I wonder what method you used?" Wang Qiongjin asked.

felt that the situation was not good. If Wang Qiongjin forced Chen Xiang to teach him the pill refining skills, even he did not know how to end this situation.

"This is a secret." Chen Xiang said neither humbly nor arrogantly, he would not say anything more in the area of pill refining.

He Feng asked at this time: "Master Yan, my father asked me to come and ask you about the progress of the pill refining now."

"I have already refined eighty sets of medicinal ingredients and three hundred and twenty Relive Dan. I can definitely complete it by tomorrow night." Chen Xiang replied.

If it was a normal Alchemist, then it would take three hundred and twenty sets of ingredients. Even the stronger ones would need a hundred and sixty sets, and Chen Xiang was very steady, he had not failed even after concocting so many batches of ingredients, so it was the same for concocting pills. This achievement made Wang Qiongjin extremely envious.

"I can buy your Alchemy skills from the Spiritual crystal, or trade them for something else." Wang Qiongjin did not give up. At this time, her voice became stern, and released an oppressive aura, as if telling Chen Xiang that he was just a bug.

Chen Xiang frowned, He Feng’s forehead was also covered in sweat.

"Even if I die, I won’t tell anyone. This is what my master told me. I’m sorry." Chen Xiang’s voice sank, feeling somewhat angry.

"Call your master out, I want to talk to him." Wang Qiongjin said in a cold voice: "If he sees me, he will definitely agree to make a deal with me."

Chen Xiang and Huang Jintian sneered in their hearts, with that old woman’s appearance, even a drawing of a portrait hanging on the bed would be able to repel evil spirits. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"I’m also looking for my master. If you can find him, that’s for the best." Chen Xiang said.

Huang Jintian was Chen Xiang’s master, but Huang Jintian knew that Chen Xiang definitely had another formidable person who could guide him in refining pills.

"Who is your master?" Wang Qiongjin saw that the person in front of him was extremely stubborn, and was not afraid of her at all.

"I don’t know his name either. Other than him, no one else knows either." Chen Xiang spread his hands.

"Where did he come from?" A person immediately appeared in He Feng’s mind and anxiously asked.

"Devil-killing Summit." Chen Xiang said, this was what Su Meiyao had taught him.

Hearing those three words, Wang Qiongjin’s face changed, he became even more gloomy and cold, then turned and left.

"You came from the Devil-killing Summit." He Feng asked in surprise.

"No, I’ve never been there. My master also told me not to go there." Chen Xiang said. The master he was referring to was Su Meiyao’s master back then, and although no one knew his name, he was extremely famous. Even Wang Qiongjin had directly left upon hearing his name.

At this time, He Feng looked at Huang Jintian, who was behind Chen Xiang, and said with an astonished expression: "You said that this old mister was your master’s relative. What relationship does he have with your master?"

Hearing He Feng’s words, Wang Qiongjin immediately walked back and looked at him.

Huang Jintian said indifferently: "I am his master’s cousin, I don’t know how to refine pills, but I do when fighting, so don’t think about it too much."

"Nonsense, how could he have a cousin?" Wang Qiongjin sneered: "You really are his cousin. You would be in this place."

Huang Jintian said: "What am I doing here, aren’t you also here? Although I am not his master, if you want to touch him, you have to pass through me first."

Right now, I am even more unconvinced that he is the disciple of Devil-killing Summit. All of you must have been planning to lie to me, this brat wants to lie to me, I must capture him and bring him back for punishment.

Just as Wang Qiongjin finished speaking, Huang Jintian gave a furious shout, and a golden multicolored light spurted out from his body. The entire Villa started to tremble.

"Old Demon Girl, I’m from the Devil-killing Summit, it’s normal for me to kill you with my bare hands. I didn’t want to cause any trouble, but now I can’t take it anymore."

Huang Jintian struck out with his palm. On the palm of his hand, there was a flashing red "Punisher" word, which emitted an incomparably powerful aura.

"Devil Slayer Palm." Wang Qiongjin was startled, and immediately dodged, but after dodging, Wang Qiongjin quickly kept his distance.

"What’s going on?" The Sixth Prince flew over from afar, his face was still wearing the mask, and his voice was full of surprise.

Chen Xiang, Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou were also very shocked. Originally, they only planned to use Devil-killing Summit to deceive that Wang Qiongjin, but they never thought that Huang Jintian would really use Devil-killing Summit’s ultimate skill, the Demon Destroying Palm.

"Ask this old woman. She angered us time and time again, and she even forced others to hand over their Alchemy skills. Only this kind of devil likes to do things that are forbidden from doing anything." Huang Jintian said coldly.

At this time, not only was the Sixth Prince there, a large group of people had also arrived, including Imperial Dragon Clan. At this time, the strength of this group was clear, this was something that Huang Jintian had deliberately used his Demon Punisher Palm to lure here.