Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

When everyone arrived at the place, Huang Jintian had already stopped his attacks. Although they could not see his Demon Punisher Palm, there were still many people who were familiar with the aura emitted by his palms.

"You actually dared to attack me, and even used the Devil Slayer Palm." Wang Qiongjin was furious. If she had been hit just now, even if she did not die, she would at least lose a layer of skin.

"So what? I still want to kill you." Huang Jintian also glared at her.

Then, he kicked Wang Qiongjin and the others to apologize. He just did not understand why the people of Devil-killing Summit would choose to refine pills for the sake of earning Spiritual crystal, but when he saw that Huang Jintian’s strength was not very strong and that Chen Xiang was only able to refine high grade Ground level pills, he guessed that he was a disciple of the Devil-killing Summit who was scattered outside. It was possible that he was looking for the master of the Devil-killing Summit.

This kind of thing happened a long time ago. People who were related to the Devil-killing Summit were all very strong, especially when it came to alchemy.

"There’s nothing left to do here. Everyone, go back and leave. This little brother Yan is still concocting pills for me. If you stay here, you will disturb him." The Sixth Prince left with the rest, and didn’t ask Chen Xiang about other things.

After everyone had left, Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief and said: "This Sixth Prince really knows how to act like a human being."

"If not for this, he would have met so many powerful people." Huang Jintian’s expression was a little serious as he transmitted his voice to Chen Xiang, "Tomorrow, after we hand over the last Relive Dan, we will leave quickly. We cannot stay here for too long, there are a lot of enemies in Devil-killing Summit, both you and I have been exposed.

"Master, you really are someone from the Devil-killing Summit. How is it that I don’t know when you joined them?" asked. The Devil-killing Summit was only what Bai Youyou and Su Meiyao had told him. He did not understand much about the Devil-killing Summit, but he knew that the Devil-killing Summit was very powerful, so he guessed that Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou came from the Devil-killing Summit.

"Aren’t you?" Huang Jintian asked in surprise.

"I... "No, I just heard about it." After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he changed his words: "Perhaps it can be considered to be true. In short, I have some connections with the people of the Devil-killing Summit."

"Nonsense, you must be. I am the Devil-killing Summit’s, you are my disciple, and right now you are the Devil-killing Summit’s." Huang Jintian patted his shoulder.

"Ah... The Demon Punisher Palm is so powerful that it scares that old woman’s face green. " Chen Xiang smiled and asked, they were secretly communicating through sound transmission.

"That won’t be easy to learn. I’ll ask my teacher about that when I see him in the future and have him adapt it for you to learn." Huang Jintian said: "You go and concoct pills first, leave this place as soon as possible. I have mastered the strength of those fellows, now I want to see what they want with so many Relive Dan."

Chen Xiang entered the secret room. As he came out with the herbs, he asked Long Xueyi. A group of experts had just arrived, but he couldn’t see the strength of these experts.

The whole body is very strong, that’s why your master chose to leave. Amongst them, there are four Dragon Kings and at least ten Immortal Kings, and if we were to fight, it would be somewhat difficult to fish in troubled waters. However, we can only temporarily leave the palace.

Long Xueyi was also shocked by the reinforcements invited by the Sixth Prince. A Dragon King was a very strong one.

"What’s with the Devil Slayer Palm? Is my master really from the Devil-killing Summit?" Chen Xiang said.

"Of course, the Devil Slayer Palm is an ultimate technique of the Devil-killing Summit. Even if there is a cultivation technique, not everyone can learn it. It is specially written by people from the Devil-killing Summit for disciples, and can be learned by people with different cultivation directions. Junior Sister and I are both people of the Devil-killing Summit, and our master, the Ruthless Devil Venerable, is also from the Devil-killing Summit." Bai Youyou said.

"Devil-killing Summit is so powerful, have you guys been there yet?" Chen Xiang asked in surprise.

"No, none of our masters have ever been there. Only our young masters have ever been there, and they are the ones who taught me how to refine pills." Su Meiyao said.

An expert on the level of the Ruthless Devil Venerable had never been to the Devil-killing Summit before. It could be seen how powerful the experts in the Devil-killing Summit were. No wonder that group of people were panic-stricken when they heard that the people from the Devil-killing Summit were here.

Chen Xiang quickly completed what He Feng had given him and finished refining all the ingredients. Just as he walked out of the pill refining room, Huang Jintian rushed over and said to him: "I know what these guys are so anxious about, they are using some secret techniques to create a group of immortals."

Chen Xiang immediately thought of Shen Lingling and his face darkened, "This bunch of bastards."

"Their current technique has improved a lot, unlike what Little Ling said, it won’t fail often. Right now, their success is relatively easy, but after succeeding, they will suffer from internal and external injuries, which is why they need Relive Dan to heal them." Huang Jintian caressed the transparent little bird in his hand and continued, "I used this little thing to follow that He Feng brat to see all of these."

Thinking about how the Relive Dan he refined could be used to do such wicked things, Chen Xiang felt extremely angry. He no longer planned to give the Relive Dan in his hands to He Feng, since he didn’t have the contract with him.

"What do they need so many of these people for? If the Sixth Prince wants to fight for the throne, he still can’t rely on these immortal kings."

Huang Jintian shook his head: "They used a secret technique to create so many Worldly Immortals, they are definitely not here to fight for the throne, my guess is that they are here to mine resources, they definitely lack manpower right now, they probably found some resources to mine."

"They all use some youths to get them. I wonder where they got so many Heaven Pills. In order to get so many Heaven Pills, they must have to kill quite a few immortals. Could it be that they are hunting those rogue cultivators outside?"

Chen Xiang said angrily: "Leave now, we can’t help them commit crimes anymore."

Huang Jintian nodded: "Have you decided how to leave?"

"If they don’t let us out, we’ll rush out. Although there are a lot of formations here, it’s still very easy to exit from here." Chen Xiang said.

Huang Jintian shook his head: "Brat, use your brain. You just received a message, someone from your Devil-killing Summit is looking for you, they are outside, they need us to go outside and wait for them to go out. They can talk about a place that is further from the palace.

Chen Xiang had been too impulsive just now. He nodded and said, "Then I’ll go call He Feng over right now."

Huang Jintian laughed: "When the time comes, you can go out by yourself. I’m still wandering around here, you know."

Chen Xiang’s eyes lit up, and he laughed: "Master, be careful."RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only