Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang walked out of the hotel, and just as he walked past the entrance, he quickly whispered to Bai Ziqian.

"Sister Ziqian, I’m here."

Bai Ziqian turned his head to look at Chen Xiang, and then walked over. He looked like she was very calm, but in her heart, she was very surprised that Chen Xiang would appear so quickly, as if he was waiting for her here.

Chen Xiang brought her to his room. Bai Ziqian took off the mask, revealing a pair of evil and cold blue eyes. The purple-colored scorpion pattern on her forehead emitted a purple colored, demonic glow, and from that look, one could tell that she was a very powerful witch.

"Sister Ziqian, long time no see. How have you been?" Chen Xiang laughed.

Bai Ziqian had an ice-cold expression, but when she looked at Chen Xiang, her eyes revealed a gentle light.

Chen Xiang gave her a large amount of Magical corruption gas and Drunk god magical poison, allowing her to handle the poison easily. This poison was something many poison masters yearned for day and night.

"Do you have more Drunk god magical poison? If they’re gone, I’ll take some time to get some for you." Chen Xiang knew that while Bai Ziqian was escaping, he would definitely run into a lot of enemies.

"I rarely use any strange poisons. I still have a lot of them here. You and that goblin, are they okay?" Bai Ziqian asked.

"All good." Chen Xiang laughed.

"I was looking for you for a reason. I knew that you were at the main palace, I didn’t expect that you would come here too, faster than me." Bai Ziqian said.

"How did you know I was in the main palace? I hid it well." Chen Xiang couldn’t understand.

"I guessed." Bai Ziqian said: "I want to borrow some blood from you. Since you have impenetrable, your blood should be able to cure the poison as well."

"How much?" Chen Xiang rolled up his sleeves.

"Full." Bai Ziqian took out a jar and handed it over to Chen Xiang: "I will not treat you unfairly."

Although there was a lot of blood in that jar, Chen Xiang’s recovery speed was fast, so he did not care much.

"Take it." Bai Ziqian looked at the jar of blood in satisfaction and handed a small box to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang opened it to see, and discovered that it was a blood red pellet.

"Heaven Blood Pill." Chen Xiang said in shock.

"En, eat it." Bai Ziqian had originally thought that since Chen Xiang had lost so much blood, it would probably harm his vitality. However, he still looked as fierce as ever, and she didn’t know that Chen Xiang had Jade Dragon Blood s and such things. Now that all of these things had fused together, it made his physique even more terrifying, and could be said to be not a bad body.

After consuming the Heaven Blood Pill, the rate at which Chen Xiang recovered his blood became much faster, and in a short while, he was back to how he was before.

"Sister Ziqian, did you come here to find me? How did you know that I would definitely come here?" Chen Xiang asked curiously.

"If nothing unexpected happens, the war for the Myriad Dan Immortal Country’s throne should start here. If you are in the main palace, you will find out soon enough. With your personality, you should come here, so I came here to wait for you." Bai Ziqian said.

Chen Xiang said excitedly: "Sister Ziqian, then do you want to interfere in this matter? That’s great."

Bai Ziqian shook his head: "No, I am still wanted. If my identity is revealed, the first one to suffer would be me.

"However, I will wait here for the end of the war. As long as I don’t go near the battlefield, I’ll be safe."

"Who are the people chasing you right now? Who are the main forces?" Chen Xiang knew that she would probably be hunted down a lot. She had killed an Immortal King, and she had even used a strange poison.

"Devil-suppressing Divine Palace, I killed another Immortal King a while ago. He belonged to Devil-suppressing Divine Palace, it’s just that they loved face and did not mention it." RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Bai Ziqian’s words gave Chen Xiang a fright. Devil-suppressing Divine Palace was an existence that was on par with Fire Divine Palace.

"Don’t worry, although they have the means to track me down, I’ll leave soon, and won’t implicate you ..." Just as Bai Ziqian finished speaking, her expression suddenly changed. She anxiously put on her mask and said solemnly: "The people from Devil-suppressing Divine Palace are here, I’ll be leaving first."

Just as Bai Ziqian walked in front of the door, a strong pressure hit him, causing him to shout out loud and pounce towards Chen Xiang. In the next moment, he grabbed onto Chen Xiang’s hand and jumped up, breaking through the floor and reaching high up in the sky.

A boom sounded out, and before Chen Xiang could react, he saw a few golden rays of light enter the hotel from several directions, and the entire hotel was enveloped by them.

After the golden light disappeared, the hotel disappeared without a trace. There was only a deep pit there.

Seeing this attack, Chen Xiang’s hair immediately stood up. If Bai Ziqian had not reacted quickly, he would have been covered in wounds just now. He could tell that the people who attacked were all Immortal Kings, but what made him furious was that these people actually killed innocent people.

It could be seen how tyrannical this Devil-suppressing Divine Palace was. Even if it was a Immortal Monarch, the attack just now would have made them vaporized. It was unknown whether there were any famous disciples inside, but even if there were, this Devil-suppressing Divine Palace was not afraid.

"It’s the five Immortal Kings of Devil-suppressing Divine Palace. Now, you have also been targeted by them." Bai Ziqian clenched his teeth, he then pulled Chen Xiang and flew away from the place where many people were gathered, if they were to fight, the only place left with people in the 20th palace would be destroyed.

"Go to the wilderness and kill them with poison." Chen Xiang replied: "Anyway, you’re not afraid, it’s the same if a few more Immortal Kings die."

They are all from Devil-suppressing Divine Palace, their methods of resisting the strange poison are very clever, if I could kill them, they wouldn’t have chased me here. Bai Ziqian said.

In the blink of an eye, Bai Ziqian had already brought Chen Xiang out of the wilderness, with the five Immortal Kings following closely behind. They would occasionally release a strong golden light, and along the way, they would destroy several mountain peaks.

"What are they tracking you for, a snout like a Tengu?" Chen Xiang asked. If he did not clarify this, it would be very difficult for him to get rid of these five Immortal Kings.

"No, I’ve been with them before, and they were able to release a special kind of aura which then seeped into my body, unknowingly accumulating a lot of it. I can’t force it out, I think there are some in your body as well." Bai Ziqian said.

"Sister Ziqian, you’re so stupid, Sister You You You taught me Devouring magic kungfu, so I can help you absorb all these Qi, and I can get rid of them in the end." Chen Xiang said.

"Let’s give it a try." Bai Ziqian’s heart was moved. "As long as that aura is condensed in my heart."

Bai Ziqian pulled Chen Xiang’s hand over, and pressed it on his own soft chest. "Hurry, they’re about to chase us."