Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Long Xueyi expanded his search for Immortal Kings in the Fire Divine Palace, but after searching for a while, he only found a few, there were not many Immortal Kings in the Fire Divine Palace, and Wang Qiongjin was one of them, the others were all stronger, and it was difficult to succeed in ambushing them.

"These Fire Divine Palace people always avoid the Immortal Kings that are stronger than them. They still have a lot of energy left, so it seems like we can only wait." Long Xueyi said.

"What about that old woman Wang Qiongjin? Even if I can’t kill her, I have to make her suffer a little, or else I won’t feel well." Last time, when Wang Qiongjin forced him to teach her alchemy, she made him very angry.

"Unless... Unless I join hands with you, it is possible for her to suffer a great loss with the Super Old poison. However, there are a few days of powerful Emperor Dragon Kings here, the moment my strength appears, they will discover me. " Long Xueyi pondered for a moment, then continued: "When you join hands with me and use the Super Old poison, regardless of whether or not you can kill Wang Qiongjin or not, you have to leave this place as soon as possible. I am worried that something might happen that I did not expect."

"No problem, I’ll go find that old woman Wang Qiongjin right now." Chen Xiang immediately left the place and hid in the deep ravine. At the same time, the battle up there was getting more and more intense, all because of the death of the Small gold eagle. The angered Golden Roc King started killing everywhere, causing many of the Immortal Monarch s and Worldly Immortals on the side of the Sixth Prince to die.

If not for the two dragon kings from the Imperial Dragon Clan being able to stall the Golden Roc King in time, more would have died.

Chen Xiang was already thousands of metres away from Wang Qiongjin. Using the Heaven Tour, he could see clearly that Wang Qiongjin was fighting with a middle aged man.

This old lady specially found some weaker ones to fight with. Seems like she’s also very afraid of death, I wonder which power she’s from. Although she’s an Immortal King, her level is still too low. Chen Xiang said.

"The main reason is that this old lady’s flames are too strong. Even if it’s the Immortal King, if her flames were to invade your body, the consequences would be very serious. As long as you stay in Heaven Realm for a period of time, you would know that you cannot touch her flames." Su Meiyao said: "It’s best that you don’t go and try, her kind of strange fire, until now, has no one been able to figure out what kind of flame it is."

Wang Qiongjin also knew how to refine pills, and she was also an Immortal King in the Fire Divine Palace. It was natural for her flames to be strong, but no one knew what kind of flame she had.

"It feels like it’s made from the fusion of the heavenly fire and demonic fire, so it can be used for alchemy. At the same time, it has an evil aura and the color is also purplish-red." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang observed Wang Qiongjin’s battle. Her battlefield was considered more gentle, with not too much of a commotion. It was unlike the others who had fought until it seemed like the heavens were crumbling and the earth was cracking.

"Wang Qiongjin is really crafty, she purposely wasted time here with a not so strong Immortal King, this way she won’t meet any powerful Immortal Kings, and can easily pass through this big battle herself." Chen Xiang said.

"If it wasn’t for that, this old woman would probably have died a long time ago. If she had met the crazy Golden Roc King on the main battlefield just now, she most likely would have been severely wounded." Bai Youyou sneered: "Back then, he was also like this, a guy who bullies the weak and fears the strong."

Chen Xiang breathed in lightly and counted the Drunk god magical poison inside the Storage magic treasure. After confirming the quantity, he said to Long Xueyi: "Little Naughty Dragon, I’m going to make my move."

"I will lend you my power later. You should decide how to use it." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang observed Wang Qiongjin’s battle and said: "Alright, lend me your power."

In just a short moment, Chen Xiang felt an additional burst of power in his body, as though his body was going to explode. This was the power that Long Xueyi had lent him, he felt that although it was not Long Xueyi’s full strength, it was extremely strong.

He controlled this energy to fuse with his own, and then, he urged the power of the spatial laws. In an instant, he traversed three thousand meters and arrived behind Wang Qiongjin.

The man fighting Wang Qiongjin was shocked, but he thought that Chen Xiang was definitely on his side. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have ambushed Wang Qiongjin.

Wang Qiongjin immediately sensed someone from behind, she immediately turned around and unleashed a palm strike. The purple-red flame was like a poisonous snake, spitting out a snake’s apricot tree as it bit towards Chen Xiang.

The fire snake had pierced through Chen Xiang’s body, but Wang Qiongjin immediately discovered that it was just an illusionary shadow. The real Chen Xiang had already flashed to Wang Qiongjin’s side, his hand holding onto the Devil emporer dagger.

The monstrous Demonic Qi on the dagger startled Wang Qiongjin, but what surprised her the most was the Devil-suppressing holy power, which was also exceptionally strong. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"Old woman." Chen Xiang clenched his teeth, and poured all of the condensed Magical corruption gas s into the Devil emporer dagger.

The Devil emporer dagger flew out with the powerful energy that Chen Xiang poured into it. Like an arrow, it emitted a gold-red glow.

Wang Qiongjin’s body immediately erupted with a strong protective demon aura, wanting to block the Devil emporer dagger, but the Devil emporer dagger itself was a terrifying demon weapon, adding the extremely strong Devil-suppressing holy power that had the ability to restrain demons, although Chen Xiang’s strength was weak, he still managed to pierce through Wang Qiongjin’s protective demon aura, but he only managed to pierce half of it before stopping.

"Hmph, so you were that weak ..." Wang Qiongjin saw that the dagger was blocked by her barrier, and laughed coldly, but just as she finished speaking, the Devil emporer dagger suddenly exploded, and another force hidden inside burst out, causing the colorless and tasteless Magical corruption gas and Drunk god magical poison to float out.

Her complexion was unsightly to the extreme, it was already turning slightly black. Although she had only taken in a little bit of Magical corruption gas, it was enough to take her life, she never could have predicted that someone would use a Super Old poison on this kind of battlefield.

Very quickly, she discovered that not only was there a Super Old poison, there was also a Drunk god magical poison. Someone could actually control two kinds of strange poison; it was too terrifying.

"Hurry up and leave." shouted. Just now, Chen Xiang had used a lot of power in her attack on the dagger, and her White Dragon power had already been revealed. Long Xueyi could already feel that some of the royal dragons were using their divine powers to investigate this side.

"Damned old woman, today is your last day." Just as Chen Xiang wanted to attack, he heard Wang Qiongjin’s sharp shout.

"Super Old poison..." Wang Qiongjin exhausted all his strength and roared, causing many Immortal Kings to quickly rush over.

Chen Xiang waved his hand and called back the Devil emporer dagger. He ran as fast as he could and jumped into a huge crevice, leaving this place far behind.