Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The herbs in the sixty thousand shops were all of low-grade Heaven level s, which meant the Hunyuan Dan could be obtained just by having them, and the things that were grown in the Sixth Prince’s residence were definitely good stuff that might even have Immortal Grade s.

"I found it. It’s a valley, but there are two Immortal Kings inside." Long Xueyi said, but Chen Xiang hesitated, there were two Immortal Kings in that place, if they were to be seen, he would be in deep trouble.

"Xue Yi, take a look and see if there are any precious herbs. If there’s anything worth taking risks with, go and try. Anyway, this little scoundrel didn’t escape from the Immortal King’s hands once or twice." Su Meiyao said.

Although Chen Xiang had escaped from the Immortal King a few times, he would still feel pressured if he went there now. However, if it was like what Su Meiyao had said, taking a risk once was not a problem with the Immortal Grade medicinal herbs that were worth taking risks.

"Send what you saw into my mind, let me see what’s inside ..." Su Meiyao said as he walked toward the valley.

After a while, Su Meiyao exclaimed: "Myriad Dan Immortal Country is indeed powerful, to actually have such a thing."

Hearing Su Meiyao’s words, Chen Xiang was sure that he had to enter that valley.

"What’s that?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"The Tianshan holy fruit Tree has already formed a Tianshan holy fruit above. That is the Holy level’s medicinal herb." Su Meiyao said excitedly: "One of the main ingredients to concoct that pill."

In order for Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou to recover their strength, they had to eat that type of Holy Pellet, the main ingredients required were all Holy level s, and there were already Jade Dragon Flower, Blood ginseng, and Holy Lotus Seeds. Chen Xiang did not know how much more he would need, but if he could get it now, he would definitely try his best to get ahold of it. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

"There are still some immortal fruits inside, but they are far worse than the Tianshan holy fruit. After you enter, your main target will be the Tianshan holy fruit, so don’t worry about anything else to prevent yourself from being suspected." Su Meiyao warned.

The one guarding the door was a Immortal Monarch, he didn’t ask much, and let Chen Xiang in. The eldest son of the Sixth Prince, He Feng, who had once annihilated a Demon Palace, was a very respectable person in the eyes of many Immortal Monarch. If the Sixth Prince could become the new King, then He Feng might become the future King.

Chen Xiang enjoyed this feeling a lot, but his main goal was the Tianshan holy fruit. In the future, when he becomes a very powerful Alchemist, even the Immortal Country King would have to be respectful to him.

"Little Feng, aren’t we fighting in the 20th palace right now? Why are you back?"

An old man with a long white beard slowly floated in front of Chen Xiang, and at this moment, Chen Xiang saw that the valley was filled with many precious herbs that made people drool, it was as if Long Xueyi had ran out and eaten everything.

"You said you were poisoned, and you wanted the Tianshan holy fruit to detoxify it. This kind of fruit is indeed useful for detoxifying poisons, especially the Super Old poison." Su Meiyao said.

Chen Xiang sighed: "I’ve been infected with the Super Old poison, right now I’m only using the power in my body to suppress the spread of the poison."

Hearing the Magical corruption gas, the old man immediately retreated a few steps, this was something many people would do, he frowned and said: "I want to look at your blood."

At this time, another Immortal King appeared. It was a very short old man, and he said: "If the poison is too deep, we can only use Tianshan holy fruit. Let’s first see your blood, and see to what extent you can suppress the spread of the poison."

To Chen Xiang, this was nothing at all. He took out a jade bowl, then took out He Feng’s immortal sword, cut open his finger and squeezed out a few drops of purplish black poisonous blood.

If not for the fact that your own Innate Qi was powerful enough to suppress this strange poison, I’m afraid that you would have died a long time ago.

The short elder sighed with a look of reluctance on his face. However, he still flew towards the snow-jade-like tree. There was a silver-white fruit on it, and it looked like it was only the size of an egg.

"I never thought that a Magical corruption gas would appear. We had already heard that people from the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace were chasing after the Devil Scorpion Princess, and they were even chasing after him at twenty palaces. We never thought that she would actually use poison on you." The long-bearded old man said.

"Who asked me to destroy a Demon Palace last time. Maybe the Devil Scorpion Princess has a grudge against me, and he doesn’t want me to die too quickly. She’s very strong, and it’s a sneak attack as well, I can’t guard against it." Chen Xiang said while pretending to be angry.

"Wait until your father calls her king. When that happens, you have to place a bounty on her." The long-bearded old man patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder.

The short elder took the Tianshan holy fruit and gave it to Chen Xiang.

When Chen Xiang received it, he was extremely excited, and he tried his best to control his emotions to calm down.

"I will return now and go into seclusion to refine this holy fruit. By the time I come out, my royal father should have already become the new king." After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he kept the holy fruit and bowed to the two elders. He did not dare say anything else as he was worried that he would become a spy.

Chen Xiang walked out of the valley and almost sprinted towards the palace’s gate. Although he had obtained the Tianshan holy fruit, he was still in the palace.

"Quickly, those two old fellows took out the jade talismans and sent a message. I wonder who they were sending a message to. If it was the Sixth Prince, you would definitely have been discovered." Long Xueyi suddenly urged Chen Xiang to speed up.

Chen Xiang had already arrived at the gate, but he saw the two Immortal Monarch s at the gate take out trembling jade talismans.

Chen Xiang immediately ran out of the door, and the two Immortal Monarch s did not stop him, because they did not see the information inside the jade token. However, when they saw it, their expressions became ugly, and he immediately looked outside the door, where Chen Xiang had long disappeared.

"Haha, it’s here! This group of idiots were fighting to the death in the 20 palaces, yet their own lair was raided by me."

Chen Xiang laughed in his heart, at that moment he had already reached the exit, but just as he was about to exit, the door suddenly closed.

"The use of Transmission array is also prohibited." Chen Xiang looked in the direction of the Transmission array, and saw many people complaining.

"That’s for sure. The matter of losing the Holy level’s medicinal ingredients is extremely serious, so this kind of action is normal." Su Meiyao laughed tenderly: "It’s fine to stay here for a few more days, since they can’t find you. If I’m lucky, I might be able to see He Feng’s flustered look."

did not know what the battle situation was like right now, nor did he want to understand. What he cared more about was the outcome, and to see who would become the new King of the Myriad Dan Immortal Country in the end.

"I wonder how teacher is doing, this old lunatic is so strong, he must have gotten quite a bit of benefits." From the window of Chen Xiang’s hotel room, he could see the door of the number 6 shop in the distance. At this moment, the main street had already been sealed and the shop’s big doors were also tightly shut.