Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"Really." Chen Xiang was overjoyed. Then, he told the manager of the Transmission array that he would be teleported to the Flying Snow Palace. There was only one person here who wanted to go to this palace, so the price was very expensive.

Chen Xiang left the busy city and headed towards the desolate plains of the palace. He traveled through a large group of tall and big snow mountains and ran wildly as he pleased.

At the bottom of the ravine was a pond, and right now, Chen Xiang was at the edge of the pond. A fire was rising, and he was currently roasting the Golden Roc meat.

Long Xueyi had already run out of the ring. She was originally wearing a snow-white dress, but she had already taken it off and changed into a light one. She rolled up her sleeves and held the roasted meat in her hands.

It was rare for Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou to come out, although Chen Xiang could always chat with the two girls, he rarely saw them. At this time, seeing this pair of beautiful and delicate woman wearing luxurious clothes appeared made him a little dazed.

Bai Youyou appeared to be extremely cautious, holding onto a plate that was filled with meat that Chen Xiang had cut up. She placed it in her mouth as she watched her surroundings, but Su Meiyao had a charming smile on her face as she ate, while looking at Chen Xiang with her mesmerizing eyes, and chattering continuously with him, occasionally teasing him with her charming eyes.

"That Small gold eagle is not small, it’s enough for us to eat for a while. Right now, we are only eating the flesh of a big wing." Long Xueyi’s mouth was full of meat, and a little bit of meat juice was stuck on his mouth and face, making both Chen Xiang and Su Meiyao laugh.

Bai Youyou and Su Meiyao sat beside Chen Xiang. In the beginning, it was Chen Xiang who sliced their flesh, but at the end, it was them who helped Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi to enjoy the Golden Roc feast.

"Sister You You You, you still have gravy on your mouth? Quickly let this little scoundrel lick it for you. Don’t waste it." When Long Xueyi saw it, he giggled.

Chen Xiang really wanted to go over and kiss Bai Youyou’s small mouth that was covered in meat juice, but he didn’t dare. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Bai Youyou licked her lips, rolled her eyes, and said softly: "No need."

"Senior Sister, I never thought that we would be able to eat Golden Roc meat in our lifetime. Back then, Master always brought this matter up on his lips." Su Meiyao laughed.

"Mmm, the Golden Roc meat is really good, but it’s missing something." Bai Youyou faintly smiled, and then looked towards Chen Xiang.

"Something’s missing." Chen Xiang frowned and asked.

"There’s less to drink." Long Xueyi called out, then took out a jug of wine, and poured out a few cups of water that emitted a sweet fragrance. Chen Xiang didn’t know where she got this water from, but after drinking it for a while, he still wanted to drink it again, but this little dragon treated it like a treasure, and only gave him half a cup.

"It should be about now. I should go to the Myriad Dan Immortal Country to take a look. The new King’s position is very lively." Su Meiyao said.

Bai Youyou and Su Meiyao’s eyes were filled with reluctance. To be able to return to the Heaven Realm from their new life and to eat and chat while reminiscing about the past had made them extremely happy in their hearts, but they were soon going to return to the ring. Right now, they were looking forward to such a simple life, and it was the easiest for many people.

Chen Xiang flew out of the ravine, and madly ran amidst the flying snowflakes, filled with worry. He really wanted Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou to walk out of the ring without being worried at all.

"There will be a day." Chen Xiang told himself.

The main immortal palace of the Myriad Dan Immortal Country was currently gathered with people from all over the place, and the majority of them were Alchemist. As the new king, most of the activities would be in favor of the Alchemist, and in the eyes of many of the Alchemist, this was also a gathering of the Alchemist.

Once Chen Xiang returned, he immediately went to the Myriad Dan Building. Here, he would quickly learn some good things about the Alchemist.

As expected, the Elder Uncle Li was here. Chen Xiang had also changed his appearance, but when he arrived, the Elder Uncle Li opened his eyes slightly, looked at him for a bit, and then closed his eyes.

There were only a few idle people who surrounded Elder Uncle Li’s pill refining stalls. This was because Elder Uncle Li’s pill refining skills were extremely brilliant. Those who were watching him wanted to learn something from him, or comprehend something.

"Elder Uncle Li, can you help me refine a batch of pills?" Chen Xiang immediately asked as soon as he arrived at the side. Everyone looked at him strangely, because asking others to help him concoct pills was extremely rude.

"Sure." The people from Elder Uncle Li were also surprised.

Chen Xiang smiled faintly as he took out a portion of Relive Dan s’ medicinal ingredients and passed it over. Elder Uncle Li himself took out a few supplementary medicinal ingredients and threw them into the furnace.

Elder Uncle Li refining the Relive Dan was also very fast, everyone knew that. Not long after Chen Xiang opened the furnace, Elder Uncle Li only had one Relive Dan.

When Chen Xiang received the Relive Dan, he felt something inside, and turned around to leave after receiving it. He originally wanted to use his divine sense to talk to the Elder Uncle Li, but the Elder Uncle Li did not respond to him.

"No wonder he was only able to cultivate one pellet. The peak level of a Elder Uncle Li should be three." One of them said as he watched Chen Xiang leave.

Chen Xiang brought the Relive Dan to the first floor. He was not in a hurry to see what was inside, because he heard about the palace selection competition as well as the pill refining competition.

What was worth noting was that this pill refining competition was not as simple as just a competition, but also a challenge from the Myriad Dan Immortal Country to the fused Sacred Dan Realm.

When the time comes, the competition would be split into three parts, one representing the Sacred Dan Realm, the other representing the Myriad Dan Immortal Country, and then there would be an individual or a representative representing their own forces participating.

"If it’s a challenge to the Sacred Dan Realm, the rewards will definitely be very rich, I wonder what the rewards will be like." Chen Xiang was very much looking forward to this, he planned to join in the fun.

"I might even meet someone I know." Chen Xiang walked out of the Myriad Dan Building, and then, he crushed the Relive Dan Elder Uncle Li had refined for him. He saw that there was actually a small slip of paper hidden inside.

"Late at night. Wu She Mountain." There were only these few words on it.