Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

He did not have any good impressions of this Dragon Emperor, and it could be said that he had a lot of hatred towards him. If the Dragon Emperor knew the true cause of his own son’s death, then Chen Xiang would not be at ease right now.

"What does a fellow like the Dragon Emperor want to do here, isn’t that too disrespectful?" Chen Xiang obviously did not wish for such a powerful Ranker to come here, at that time, he would also be participating. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

"I am only guessing, but this competition is not a joke. It is very meaningful for Sacred Dan Realm and Myriad Dan Immortal Country, or the entire Heaven Realm." Li Tianjun said.

"It’s going to start in a few days. Go and prepare." Li Tianjun patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder.

"A few more days." Chen Xiang did not expect it to be so fast, he felt that there was at least another month left. "If it was so quick, then many people would not have had the time to prepare."

"This match was originally not held for a lot of people." Li Tianjun laughed, then leaped down from the mountain peak and flew into the distance, disappearing into the night sky.

Chen Xiang stared at his disappearing figure in a daze. Only a few days had passed, and he didn’t know if he would be able to achieve an outstanding result in this kind of competition. Even a powerful Dan Immortal like Li Tianjun had come to participate, and at that time, there would be even a Bi Xia Dan Immortal like him.

For such a large scale competition, we would not fight to refine immortal pellets. Usually, we would fight in private, because that would require a lot of time, at most, it would be a high grade Heaven level pellet, but it is too late for you, not to mention a high grade Heaven level, even a middle grade Heaven level would be difficult for you. Su Meiyao said.

"I hope the rules will be a bit more fair to Alchemist of my level." Of course, Chen Xiang wouldn’t place his hopes on the rules. In the next few days, he first went to register, and then concocted a batch of Relive Dan s on the spot to gain the right to participate.

The last time he turned into He Feng, he went to the sixth shop and swindled a bottle of low-grade Heaven level healing pellet. This kind of pellet was sold for more than Hunyuan Dan, and the healing effect was many times better than Relive Dan’s, moreover, the refining difficulty was higher, and the materials were not easy to grow. Thus, when Chen Xiang bought the ingredients for the Origin Restoring Pellet, he felt pained.

"Fortunately, we only have one set of main medicinal ingredients. If we use the God purification, we can consider it as having completed half of the mission as long as we settle this Baiyuan fruit. This is yet another new challenge."

Chen Xiang rented a pill refining room, it was the first prince’s property and although seizing the throne failed, their business here would not be affected.

"Aren’t you going to refine that Sacred animal Dan first?" Long Xueyi asked softly. Chen Xiang already had the Sacred animal fruit, but he had never refined it.

"Don’t worry, the difficulty in refining this Sacred animal Dan is not high. If I can concoct this Yuan Dan, the Sacred animal fruit would not be too difficult." Chen Xiang removed some of the impurities from the Baiyuan fruit and placed them on his palm, releasing the Five elements heavenly fire.

His current flames were much stronger than before, and he could even release the Rainbow Heaven Flame. However, that would consume a lot of energy, and even with Five elements heavenly fire, the consumption rate of his Innate Qi was extremely fast.

"Looks like the Five elements heavenly fire are not that useful either. I’ll have to use the Heaven Flames." Chen Xiang fused the five elements of a Five elements heavenly fire together.

The spirit of the Baiyuan fruit had to have a strong mental attack and strong flames in order to make it submit and then refine it bit by bit.

Although the Heaven Flames of the Heaven and Earth were powerful, they consumed a lot of energy. After using it for three to four hours in a row, most of his Innate Qi was exhausted, so right now he could only use the Heaven Flames and the Five elements heavenly fire back and forth.

"I still can’t do it. It seems that the medicinal spirits of every single medicinal herb are very different." Chen Xiang sighed in his heart. The Baiyuan fruit on his palm had already been burnt to a red iron state.

The Hunyuan Dan was also a low-grade Heaven level pill, but when he had just started refining it, his progress had been rather smooth, but this Baiyuan fruit made him feel like he was blocked by a threshold that was difficult to buy.

"It’s only a Baiyuan fruit. Even if it’s the Foreseeing Alchemy, it’s inevitable that it will fail the first time." Su Meiyao said.

"Different from the Foreseeing Alchemy, although using it is complicated, I still feel that it will succeed sooner or later. But now that I am using the God purification, I feel a sense of powerlessness, and that it will be very difficult to refine this Baiyuan fruit." Although Chen Xiang said that, he still took out a Baiyuan fruit.

These high-grade herbs had a very special ability to protect themselves. If one wanted to cut them into pieces, it was a relatively simple matter. But because of this, they had destroyed the complete nature of these herbs, causing the energy within to be lost.

However, the medicine spirits of these medicinal ingredients would not allow you to do it so easily. They would resist, so when using flames to deal with these medicinal ingredients, it would become extremely difficult. If one was even the slightest bit careless, they would cause these medicinal ingredients to self-destruct.

The Foreseeing Alchemy could predict the internal changes of the spirit medicine, and could correct the temperature of the flame as well as some small mistakes in various aspects. It could prevent the spirit medicine from destroying itself, and then slowly burn it.

However, the God purification that Chen Xiang was currently using, wanted to refine it all. This required a strong flame as well as a strong mental energy to attack the spirit within the spirit medicine, making it unable to resist.

The problem Chen Xiang was facing right now was that it was very difficult to deal with those spirits.

He consecutively failed four times, but on the fifth time, he finally broke through to a point where he could save a little bit of the medicinal powder. However, he no longer had any extra Baiyuan fruit, so he could only get Su Meiyao to copy some of them using the creation divine liquid inside the ring.

Chen Xiang rested for four hours, then he refined the Baiyuan fruit once again. This time, he opened his eyes and looked at the Baiyuan fruit on his palm.

From the start of the competition, it was only one day before Chen Xiang walked out of the refining room. He had already lost more than ten Baiyuan fruit s, but this did not affect his enthusiasm for participating in the competition.

When Chen Xiang, who had been staying in the pill refining room, came out, he heard many shocking news, such as that the new generation genius, Heavenly Immortal Li Tianjun, would participate in the competition, and his old rival, the Bi Xia Dan Immortal, would also be participating. Other than that, many other famous Dan Immortal s had already come, and these Dan Immortal were all the pillars of their power.

Although the Dan Immortal s were not very famous, no one dared to look down on them. It was said that there were still Seventh Rank Dan Immortal s in the Sacred Dan Realm s, but they did not participate in the competition.

"I never thought that even the Long Family of the Sacred Dan Realm would come. The one participating in the competition is a fifth grade Dan Immortal. The four great families of the Sacred Dan Realm should be the opponents that the Myriad Dan Immortal Country values the most."

Hearing the words of an old Alchemist, Chen Xiang’s heart was moved. If the Long family was here, then Long Huishan, the Female Dragon King, would also be present.