"Of course I know her. She is your second senior sister. That little girl Xiangyue can be considered the disciple of your eldest senior brother and his wife." Huang Jintian said. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

"What happened? Didn’t you say you only have two disciples, me and Big Senior? Why did a second senior sister appear?" Chen Xiang expressed his confusion: "She concocts pills. Have you ever taught her how to refine pills?"

Huang Jintian laughed: I didn’t teach you how to refine pills, but you are also very powerful. I only accepted her as my disciple when I came to the Heaven Realm, because she has strength and the relationship between her and your big brother. Furthermore, she is older than you, so I made an exception and made her my second disciple.

Chen Xiang was not satisfied: "No, we can’t break this rule, we have to follow the order of first come first served, she is my junior sister."

"Do as you please. When the time comes, go and argue with her. She’s a girl who has a strong battle of words. If you can argue with her, the number two position will belong to you." Huang Jintian said casually: "But she respects me a lot, I was so poor when I first came to Heaven Realm, she gave me a lot of Spiritual crystal, and even gave me a pellet she refined, but you ... If I let you bargain for a broken bird leg, then this girl will be more generous than you, hmph. "

"Master, you can’t say it like that. When you were sleeping on the street, I gave you more than half of my Spiritual crystal, and now you’re pretty rich too. You’re obviously trying to cheat me out of my bird leg, so I can’t give it to you for nothing." Chen Xiang wiped his nose, unconvinced.

"Master, why are you following me?" Originally, it was Huang Jintian who pulled Chen Xiang, but now, it was Huang Jintian who followed Chen Xiang.

"I don’t have a place to stay for the time being. You brat, last time you won against tens of millions of Spiritual crystal, you still have a lot of them right?" Huang Jintian said: "I will only leave after watching your competition."

After that, Chen Xiang brought Huang Jintian to a very run-down place. He rented a run-down house here, and this made Huang Jintian scold him for being stingy.

"Master, I just bought a pill furnace, I’m so poor, don’t despise me, why don’t you go look for Eldest Senior Brother and Junior Sister, they will definitely be eating and drinking high quality food." Master, I just bought a pill furnace, I’m so poor, don’t you hate them, why don’t you hate them? Chen Xiang said.

"Little brat, do you really not know that I am like you, unable to reveal my identity?" Huang Jintian drank the meat broth Chen Xiang passed to him, then laughed: "You brat, not bad, the Golden Roc Bone Soup is not something that anyone can drink."

"You don’t have any Green dragon demon-slain broadsword on you, and you don’t cause any trouble. Isn’t it just the Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu, Eldest Brother also dares to run around the streets, what are you afraid of?" Chen Xiang sat down to drink the soup. He indeed did not know why Huang Jintian was like him, afraid of being harassed by others.

Huang Jintian finished the bowl of soup in one breath, and got Chen Xiang to help him fill the bowl. With a serious expression, he said, "After you promise to not think about me."

Chen Xiang glanced at Huang Jintian and asked, "Master, do you really have some kind of extraordinary treasure on you?"

"Hmph, of course." Huang Jintian said proudly.

Chen Xiang gave the soup to him and asked curiously: "I promise I won’t get any ideas from you, what precious things do you have on you?"

Huang Jintian chuckled: "I don’t have anything precious, it’s just that my flesh and blood is more precious. Eating it will help me live forever, and it’s many times better than any pills that can increase my lifespan, this is already enough right."

Chen Xiang took a deep breath. This was indeed enough, to be able to make many powerful experts with close to longevity do things that would break the rules. Some of the super experts were even able to use some high levelled pills but they were unable to increase their lifespan.

"Looks like the legend is true. Eating the Undead Race’s flesh and blood will truly help one live forever." Su Meiyao exclaimed, Bai Youyou and Long Xueyi were the same.

Huang Jintian saw that Chen Xiang was looking at him strangely, and immediately shrank his body and said: "You brat, don’t think about me, my blood is not good, my meat is very bad."

"Master, if you’re really poor, you could earn a lot even if you sold your blood and meat." Chen Xiang said.

"That would be tantamount to violating clan rules, and would be struck by lightning by the heavens. I would not do that." Huang Jintian shook his head.

Chen Xiang took out a few small pieces of Golden Roc meat and started a fire to let Huang Jintian roast the meat. Huang Jintian could not wait any longer, he was even treating Chen Xiang to food, of course he would be very happy to do so.

"Master, what kind of people are the parents of Elder Sister Meng’er? They seem to be very strong." Chen Xiang asked. Huang Jintian had flown up here for a period of time, so he should know something.

Her father’s name is Liu Zongyu and my mother’s name is Song Ying. Their Liu Family and Song Family both have relatively prosperous immortal palaces in the Human King Immortal Country, and originally, these two families only had about ten or so immortal palaces under their control. However, even though they were not kings, their status was still very high in the Human King Immortal Country. While Huang Jintian was flipping through the golden roc meat, he said, "The most amazing thing is not this, but the master of this couple. It is said that they are the descendants of a Divine Craftsman and have great influence.

"So it’s like that." Chen Xiang never thought that Liu Meng’er’s father and mother’s background would be so profound and abundant. However, it also made him feel a lot more at ease.

Huang Jintian chuckled: "If little girl Liu’s parents knew that you had that kind of relationship with her, hehe, then you would be in trouble. But don’t be afraid, her parents are still very reasonable.

"You’re the one who is despicable. Even if I’m despicable, I’m still learning from you." Chen Xiang fiercely bit off a piece of meat.

"Are you confident you can get first place? Many Dan Immortal have come." Huang Jintian asked.

"I don’t know yet, but Li Tianjun will also be participating, but I’m definitely confident that I can get one of the top rankings in the first round." Chen Xiang was very confident: "I am just worried that I might be forced to reveal my identity in the end, that will depend on whether the prizes are powerful enough or not."

"Give me some benefits. If anything happens, I will bring you away. Even if Dragon Emperor is here, I will not be caught by him." Huang Jintian said with a smile.

"Master, we are master and disciple. You saving me is a matter of course. What benefits do you want?" Chen Xiang laughed.

"Bro, you know how to settle debts." Huang Jintian laughed.

"I’ll give you a bird’s claw, okay?" Chen Xiang said. If an accident were to happen, Huang Jintian would be able to bring him away and not drag anyone into it, that would be for the best. Although Huang Jintian’s strength was unknown, but Chen Xiang was very confident in this mysterious madman’s master.

"A bird’s claw is a bird’s claw, isn’t it better?" Huang Jintian laughed. If not for the fact that he was afraid of the broken house falling to pieces, he would have laughed crazily.