Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang did not sleep at all and had roasted meat with Huang Jintian for an entire night. There was also the meat of dragon and Golden Roc, as well as some precious immortal beast s that Huang Jintian had collected.

After eating precious beast meat for an entire night, Chen Xiang was brimming with energy. As soon as the sky brightened, he and Huang Jintian walked towards the Myriad Dan Immortal Palace.

Huang Jintian had already bought a sign to watch the competition from, and it was even the one at the front, no one knew how he obtained it, but for the Alchemist that was participating, Chen Xiang did not need to buy them.

"Do you really not intend to meet with your juniors in secret?" Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to Huang Jintian. He had already treated Shao profoundyun as his own junior sister and he had already decided that he would not acknowledge the person who had taken him as his master even if it were beaten to death.

"No need. Your senior brother and sister must not have a better reputation than ours. For the time being, don’t disturb them. Although they also want to see me, we must have some awareness if we are to walk on this path." Huang Jintian said.

After entering the Ten Thousand Dan Immortal Palace, Huang Jintian pulled Chen Xiang along, looked in a direction and said: "That guy is called Wu Canghong, he’s the little baldy’s ancestor and the king of the current Human King Immortal Country."

Chen Xiang had already seen Wu Canghong before, and he knew that Wu Canghong was a cultivator, just that his conditions were not as good as his. Now that he had personally seen Wu Canghong, Chen Xiang actually wanted to go and thank him.

"The a lad and the little baldy didn’t come." Chen Xiang asked.

"With that lousy strength of theirs, how could they dare to come? They’ve all gone into seclusion to cultivate. Right now, your senior apprentice brother is keeping them in check. Only the little girl, Xiangyue, has a bit of ease." Huang Jintian said.

Gu Dongchen and Wu Kaiming were both disciples of his big senior brother Wang Weiquan. After flying to Heaven Realm, they met once again as master and disciple.

Alchemist entered the huge competition grounds in the middle one by one, it was not a problem for them to store tens of thousands of Alchemist’s pills.

Chen Xiang greeted Huang Jintian and then queued up to enter the venue. When entering, he needed to take out the pill furnace for the people at the entrance to inspect it.

Although there were a lot of Alchemist participating, but there were also quite a lot of Immortal Kings spectating, and some were strong, it would not be easy for them to do anything in front of these experts. If anyone did that, the consequences would be dire.

After Chen Xiang entered the arena, he surveyed his surroundings. He was shocked by the amount of people who came to spectate the competition, there were a lot of them, and they formed a large circle with many levels that covered the surroundings. Chen Xiang did not see Liu Meng’er and the others, but rather, they were probably sitting in some VIP booths.

Many people looked at Chen Xiang, because his water vat like pill furnace was too eye-catching, attracting a few people’s laughter, but Chen Xiang did not agree, he used several million Spiritual crystal s to buy it, if it was new and not from the Devil-suppressing kungfu, then it could at least be sold for tens of millions of Spiritual crystal, which was not something that anyone could afford.

"This brat is such a bastard. He even said that he would be poor after buying a pill furnace, and that he would buy this shitty thing." Huang Jintian did not know how powerful that pill furnace was either.

After many Alchemist entered the stage, they placed the pill furnace in front of them and then stood there, waiting for the competition to start. Chen Xiang glanced at the pill furnaces of the other Alchemist.

"Li Tianjun is here." Chen Xiang heard someone shout, and looked towards the entrance. He saw a handsome man standing there, waiting for someone to inspect his pill furnace.

"So this fellow actually has a very young pill refiner. Before this, he always pretended to be an old man." Chen Xiang thought: "sister Meiyao, is his pill furnace powerful?"

"Exquisite grade immortal furnace, what do you think?" Su Meiyao said.

"That’s so much worse than mine. My Yanlong furnace is a Holy level Dragon Tool." Chen Xiang said: "It’s a pity that it’s too dazzling, and cannot be used carelessly."

"If the prize is very precious, then so be it." Su Meiyao said: "That crazy master of yours is not simple. He said that he had the ability to bring you away, you should really be able to do it."

Not long after Li Tianjun walked in, a burst of cheers came from the crowd. At this time, the Bi Xia Dan Immortal came in, wearing a unique fiery red robe, it was a middle-aged lady, she was not the old granny from the rumors.

"This pill furnace is also a top-grade immortal furnace, but it’s much more valuable than her previous Jadecloud Treasure Furnace." Su Meiyao said. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

The following people who entered the stage were all famous Dan Immortal s, but Chen Xiang had never heard of them, so he did not really understand much about them.

His Junior Sister had finally arrived, dressed in light attire and a simple ponytail. Her face was free of any veil, revealing a beautiful face. There was a smile on her face, and she was holding a dark green pill furnace.

Chen Xiang didn’t think that Shao profoundyun was also very famous, he was not one bit inferior to Li Tianjun, Bi Xia Dan Immortal and other great powers’ top Dan Immortal s, such as Devil-suppressing Divine Palace, Divine Wind Immortal Country, White Sea Immortal Country, and those like Divine Saber Immortal Palace ...

only knew Du Hai, his pill refining skills were not bad, and he was very famous in the Sacred Dan Realm.

On the other hand, the Alchemist of the Long family was an old granny. Although many people had never heard of it, when Chen Xiang saw this old granny, they all respected her as well.

"This grandma is so amazing ..." It seems like there is the profoundbing Sacred Flame, which should be the true Sacred Flame. I never thought that the Long family would have such a powerful person. " Long Xueyi said in shock.

"No wonder Li Tianjun said that this was the stage of the Dan Immortal. We little fellows only came to join in on the fun, I didn’t expect that I would compete with so many powerful Alchemist so early." Chen Xiang thought, he did not feel that it was difficult at all, he had the confidence to get first place.

"It’s not the highest level of competition yet, the highest is probably just a fifth stage Dan Immortal. Those seventh or eighth stage Dan Immortal are the strongest, but they should all be watching from the side. If they were to participate in this competition, the other Dan Immortal would immediately withdraw, and those old monsters are the real powerful ones." Su Meiyao said.

All the Alchemist s were present, but Chen Xiang did not find anyone else he was familiar with. As expected, Hua Xiangyue and Wu Qianqian did not come, but Chen Xiang guessed that they were watching from the side.

Next, the new King He Peiqing came up to read out the competition rules. He was the previous Sixth Prince, Chen Xiang had seen him last time at the palace.

What Chen Xiang cared about was the reward. Other people might have come to compete with him or to join in on the fun, but Chen Xiang was doing it for the reward.

Previously, there were rumors saying that the final reward would be announced at this time. Chen Xiang was secretly looking forward to it.