Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

From start to end, Chen Xiang had always been stronger than those Dan Immortal, and now, he was far ahead of them. He had already obtained 180 points, and even the Dan Immortal who went up to exchange for more points was probably a far cry from him.

The eyes of Liu Meng’er, who was watching from the VIP box, were filled with suspicion, because she saw Chen Xiang’s shadow on that person. In her memories, when Chen Xiang had competed in the Pill Refining Competition many times, he had always performed an extraordinary refining technique that shocked everyone, and now, the person in front of her was the same, causing her to wonder if it was Chen Xiang.

"Zi Lan, I remember that you’ve told me many times that my little brother was once this popular in the alchemy competition, right?" Long Huishan looked at the dazed Yan Zilan.

"Un, Chen Xiang? That’s right, I was watching by the side when the competition started, his pill refining skills were indeed brilliant, the number of pills produced, the speed at which he concocted them, including quality, are all extremely high. When he is concocting pills, he always pursues the peak, it seems like he is competing with others, but in truth, it is more like he is competing with himself." Yan Zilan said faintly: "Right now, the person here seems to be the same. The surrounding environment does not have any effect on him, he seems to already be immersed in the joy of his own competition."

This is a kind of realm, it’s also a competition. If I were to compete with someone else, I would only think that if the opponent is better, then I would have won. If I were to compete with myself, then I would have to defeat my previous self, which is equivalent to surpassing my own limits. If I were able to achieve this, then it would not be as simple as just defeating the opponent a little. The very high Elder said, causing Long Huishan and Yan Zilan to nod their heads in agreement.

"So this person looks very similar to Chen Xiang, could he really be the guy who likes to cause trouble?" Long Huishan opened her eyes wide and looked at Chen Xiang’s back figure. Looking at her, she seemed to wish for nothing more than to immediately rush over and grab Chen Xiang to ask him about it.

"It should be him. If you’ve watched his matches a few times, you’ll understand that he’s completely using his full strength right now. He can’t conceal his current state." Yan Zilan let out a long sigh of relief: "He still has many symbols on him, if he was forced to use it, his identity would not be concealed."

"My Long family will definitely protect him. He is my sworn brother, and also my benefactor. Even if I have to risk my life, no one is allowed to touch a single hair on his head." Long Huishan said.

The very high Elder nodded his head: "It’s just that the Dragon Emperor is a little difficult to deal with. He’s right here, and for the sake of the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, he would do anything."

After Chen Xiang obtained ten batches of Five Elements Profound Dan s, after tidying them up, he threw all of them into the pill furnace. If he had a hundred batches, he would definitely put them in too.

At this moment, some of the Dan Immortal were secretly worried, because Chen Xiang’s speed of refining pills was simply too fast, they were worried that the ingredients would be completely refined.

He Peiqing kept a close eye on Chen Xiang and did not let go of even the slightest of clues. Furthermore, he deeply suspected that Chen Xiang was the Devil-killing Summit who had entered the palace that day.

"Father, is there any way to spy on him? After this competition ends, we’ll rest for two hours. How about we make our move then." He Feng whispered to He Peiqing.

"No, that will affect our reputation. Everything can be discussed after the end of the competition, but we do not have any evidence, and we do not know the background of this man, so if there is a powerful force backing him up, it would be against us. We have just obtained the throne, so we should avoid any conflicts with the other forces at this stage of the competition." He Peiqing replied.

Chen Xiang’s pill furnace quickly turned red, just like before, no one dared to have any doubts about the result.’s success earlier on had already turned the tables on everyone, and shocked everyone, and now, many of the Alchemist s who were spectating at the side stared at Chen Xiang without blinking. They had completely ignored those famous Dan Immortal s, because they wanted to learn something from them, but until now, they had not reaped any benefits at all.

"Brat, Dragon Emperor is here, you need to be careful." said from afar. Previously, he was also shocked by Chen Xiang’s pill refining skills, he really suspected that the person who imparted the skills to Chen Xiang came from the Devil-killing Summit.

"I’m not afraid, I’m a Leader of the Dragon Subduing School." Chen Xiang replied with a smile.

"Good boy, if something really happens, I’ll scold that Dragon Emperor and then run away. Just thinking about it makes me satisfied." Huang Jintian chuckled.

The old lady from the Long family had also finished ten of the pills, which was pretty good for her. She had refined twenty-five of the pills out of the ten Five Elements Profound Dan s, obtaining seventy-five points, which was second place, but there was still a big difference between her and Chen Xiang, so her expression was not very good. Furthermore, the pressure was also huge, because she was pressed down by a little brat.

Not only her, but all the other Dan Immortal s present as well. When Li Tianjun and the Fire Divine Palace went to deliver the pellets, the calculated score was in the third place or fourth place. Li Tianjun had 72 points, which was more than three points ahead of the Bi Xia Dan Immortal.

Following that, Shao profoundyun and the Bi Xia Dan Immortal were both sixty-nine points, while the sixty-six points had more than a dozen Dan Immortal s.

However, compared to Chen Xiang’s one hundred and eighty points, it was not even enough to look at him, and not even half of his points had been reached. Even the points of two or three other people combined could not compare to Chen Xiang, and the complexions of those Dan Immortal s who were separated by this kind of difference slightly turned green. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"Most of the Alchemist have already completed the first round of 10 sets of medicinal herbs. I never thought that there would be such a difference in the score, that person is really amazing, and if he also succeeded in the second round, the gap would become bigger and bigger. This is only the beginning." Wang Weiquan looked at Shao profoundyun and said with a smile: "Yun’er, as a newcomer, being able to get this rank is already not bad.

"Old Wang, why isn’t Xiang Yue here? She’s your disciple. Even if she isn’t participating in the competition, she should be here to support us." Liu Zongyu asked.

He had just finished speaking when he heard a knock on the door of their box.

"As you say, that’s right. This must be the little girl, Xiangyue. I wonder where she went, she’s only here now." Wang Weiquan immediately opened the door, and sure enough, it was Hua Xiangyue.

"Master." The moment Hua Xiangyue entered, she shouted with a charming smile.

When Hua Xiangyue walked in, he immediately bowed to Wu Canghong, Liu Zongyu, and Song Ying. Because they were all elders, even though they looked to be just as young as she was.

"Little girl, don’t be so polite with us. Where’s Qianqian? Why didn’t she come?" Song Ying asked with a smile.

"She’s in closed-door training. She’s very diligent." Hua Xiangyue said as he walked to Liu Meng’er’s side and reached the window where he could clearly see the auction from below.

Hua Xiangyue frowned: "It was because I saw that guy concocting pills that I did not come up."

"Xiangyue, you are a pill refiner. What do you think of this person?" Wang Weiquan asked.

Hua Xiangyue was quiet for a while, then said quietly: "They look very similar to Junior Martial Uncle."