Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

When Hua Xiangyue said this, Wang Weiquan and the others were extremely shocked.

"Say ... This person looks very much like junior apprentice-brother. " Of course, Wang Weiquan knew that Chen Xiang was a genius alchemist, he had only heard of them and had never seen them with his own eyes.

Song Ying noticed that her daughter did not feel surprised, it was obvious that she knew about it. She came to Liu Meng’er’s side and asked: "Meng’er, do you think so too?"

Liu Meng’er nodded her head: "As long as you have seen him concoct pills once, you will understand. His demeanor when concocting pills is exactly the same as this person’s."

"But right now, I can’t be sure. Although Junior Martial Uncle has always loved to cause trouble, he should be clear about the situation here. Rumor has it that Dragon Emperor has returned, and he has the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, so he must be carefully considering if he should come." Hua Xiangyue said.

"This person’s pill refinement is indeed different from the others. His appearance is as though he is entertaining himself, completely unaffected by the atmosphere of the entire arena." Wang Weiquan stroked his chin and said: "If he is really my junior brother, then Xuan Yun is not a lot behind him, Xuan Yun is his senior sister."

"If Mistress loses to her Junior Brother, what will happen to her?" Hua Xiangyue asked curiously, with a mischievous smile on his face.

Wang Weiquan looked serious: "We’ll find out after she loses."

Chen Xiang had already opened his pill furnace. This time, Chen Xiang was able to refine ten batches of Five Elements Profound Dan and sixty pills in one go. This kind of control made many Dan Immortal secretly admire him from the bottom of their hearts.

Chen Xiang’s score had already reached 360 points, pressuring the Dan Immortal s to the point that they had to take a deep breath. They could not wait to smash Chen Xiang’s water jar furnace to the point that they couldn’t continue refining.

If they really did shatter it, even if Chen Xiang did not use a pill furnace, he would still be able to refine it.

Sweat trickled down the foreheads of the elders of Myriad Dan Immortal Country. It had only been half an hour, and they had already refined so many medicinal ingredients, so the competition would continue for one day and one night.

Right now, Chen Xiang was still full of energy. From the looks of it, he seemed to be able to fight continuously for seven days and seven nights.

It had already been two hours since the start of the competition. Chen Xiang had refined a total of sixty Five Elements Profound Dan s, for a total of 1080 points.

The second was the old lady from the Long family. With 432 points, Chen Xiang had more than double her points.

The third and fourth place were always occupied by Li Tianjun and the Bi Xia Dan Immortal, sometimes third, sometimes third. The two fought intensely, and sometimes score a little less than the second place.

Fifth place was Shao profoundyun, she was very stable, and the other Dan Immortal s were always a little less than her.

The sky quickly darkened, and everyone continued to watch the competition with interest. Until late into the night, not a single person left the competition grounds, while Chen Xiang was as brutal as ever, leaving the other Dan Immortal far behind.

After twenty hours had passed, Chen Xiang had refined a total of six hundred Five Elements Profound Dan, and he himself had refined many of them himself. Furthermore, not many Five Elements Profound Dan dared to touch them, because the quality was poor.

It was already morning, and the competition had not been going on for long. And on the newly updated score board, Chen Xiang had already scored more than 10,000 points, which was placed at the top, looking down on all the other heroes. The Dan Immortal were already used to it, and everyone was already numb to it.

"Time’s up." He Peiqing shouted.

The first was Chen Xiang, without a doubt, the second was the Long family’s Dan Immortal, Long Peirong, who was also the old granny.

The third was Li Tianjun. The fourth was the Bi Xia Dan Immortal. The fifth was Shao profoundyun.

Although Bi Xia Dan Immortal had gotten fourth place, her expression was calm, and did not reveal any emotions. The city was very deep, and even though Shao profoundyun had not entered the top three, she was already very satisfied with herself, because she had the ability to suppress the other Dan Immortal.

"Those in the top three can come up and take away your pills, but those who haven’t entered the top 1000, please leave as you wish." He Peiqing said.

Although the top three could have taken away those pills, but the total number of pills refined by the ten thousand Alchemist s was very much.

"Everyone please rest first, the second round will begin in two hours, and at that time, the rules will be announced. You can reveal one thing, that at that time, only ten Alchemist will be able to enter the final round." He Peiqing’s words caused the hearts of many Dan Immortal to tremble.

The majority of the remaining one thousand Alchemist s were all high ranking. There were many Dan Immortal s, but only ten of them would be able to enter the finals to fight for the first place.

Now, what was certain was that there would be at least five Alchemist s who would be able to enter the finals, which meant that they would be in the top five.

However, Chen Xiang did not think so, because the first round was beneficial to him, the pills being refined was not too high levelled. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"If it really is Junior Martial Uncle, then I’m afraid it won’t be good for him." Hua Xiangyue frowned: "According to the normal course of events, the pellets that are going to be refined next will definitely be high levelled pellets, and low leveled pellets cannot be used by the Dan Immortal s to the maximum level. But Junior Martial Uncle is still very young, and is unable to refine a high levelled pellet.

"The Thousand Dan Immortal King does not plan to give away his precious divine cauldron, so he will definitely come up with a rule that looks very fair, but is beneficial to the Dan Immortal, so that the few Dan Immortal s will be able to squeeze into the ten spots and make it to the first place. That way, he will not lose the divine cauldron." Wu Canghong laughed coldly: "Although the organizers are not allowed to participate in this kind of competition, but who doesn’t know that he has sent Dan Immortal s."

"Brat, is that broken divine furnace very important? From the looks of it, you’re going to throw caution to the wind." Huang Jintian asked.

"It’s very important. You’ll understand it in the future."

Chen Xiang had the Dan Emperor’s map, so if he could find the divine cauldron’s lid at that place, it would be a complete divine cauldron.

"I thought you used it to make Dragon Soup." Huang Jintian laughed. The interior of the divine cauldron was very spacious and could be used to smelt large scale objects. This was indeed a very mysterious place.

"Little girl Xiangyue also came. I saw her standing there for a long time, watching the event, and then she went to the VIP box. She probably went to meet up with your eldest senior brother and the others. From the looks of it, she seemed to recognize you."

If Hua Xiangyue had come, it would also be normal for him to be able to recognize him, so he was not surprised at all.