Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was at the back of the group of Alchemist s. He looked at his surroundings and saw that the place he was at was completely empty, he had intentionally chosen this place.

Chen Xiang looked at this group of Alchemist s in front of him and sighed helplessly in his heart. He had originally wanted to try and fight for them, but in terms of refining Heaven level Pills, he was probably inferior to these Dan Immortal s. Currently, these Dan Immortal s who were refining pills could use most of their strength to refine Heaven level Pills.

Even when Chen Xiang used all his strength, he was still unable to compare to them.

"If they don’t use the time acceleration array inside the pill furnace, they might still have a chance." Su Meiyao said: "The formations in this era are becoming more and more powerful. They have improved a lot compared to our era, especially the Time Formation."

"sister Meiyao, if you were to go all out to refine high grade Heaven level pills, how long would it take for you to refine a batch of pills?" Chen Xiang asked, he wanted to use this to predict the strength of the Dan Immortal.

"About one furnace in eight hours. It’s easier to refine, but two won’t be a problem. If I were to use those Time Formation s now, I estimate that it would be completed within six hours." Su Meiyao thought about it and replied.

From this, it could be seen that the refining difficulty of middle graded pills was much greater than low ranked pills, and Heaven level Pills had a thousand points, which was also very normal. The Pills were rare herbs, so it was impossible for Myriad Dan Immortal Country to provide too many, but if other Alchemist wanted to refine them, they would have to produce them themselves, furthermore, the refining difficulty was very high, and the time required was also very long.

The first person who refined the Hunyuan Dan was the Long family’s Dan Immortal. Until now, Chen Xiang still did not know where this Long Peirong came from, he only knew that she was from the Long family. However, from the looks of Long Peirong and the others, they could tell that she had a very big background.

Long Peirong obtained three sets of ingredients for High Rank Heaven level s, but the second completed Dan Immortal was much more surprising to many. It was actually a young man, who was the Holy Dragon that Imperial Dragon Clan sent over, who obtained two sets of high grade Heaven level s.

The third was Li Tianjun. Ever since he lost to Bi Xia Dan Immortal last time and received some stimulation, he had made great progress.

Fourth was that Bi Xia Dan Immortal, she had the same set of high grade Heaven level medicinal ingredients as Li Tianjun, as well as three middle grade ones, fifth was Shao profoundyun, and sixth was the person Chen Xiang was very familiar with, Du Hai.

Du Hai was not ranked in the previous round, but that did not mean his strength was weak. Furthermore, he was here on behalf of the Sacred Dan Realm, and had probably collected a large amount of Heaven level medicinal herbs.

The seventh was the Dan Immortal from the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace, he had a strong demonic presence.

As for the remaining three people who were able to obtain the medicinal ingredients, Chen Xiang did not know them, but he noticed that when the three Dan Immortal s were receiving the medicinal ingredients, they had an eye contact with He Peiqing, so he guessed that they were Dan Immortal s that had been sent by the Myriad Dan Immortal Country. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Those Alchemist who were unable to obtain the medicinal ingredients felt that it was a little regretful, but before they left, they had already prepared sufficient Heaven level medicinal ingredients, so many of them had faces full of confidence, thinking that they would have the chance to squeeze into the top ten.

Of the thousand extremely high level Alchemist, only ten would be able to enter the finals.

"Now, Alchemist who wishes to receive Ground level Pills, please come up to receive them. After that, I will announce the start of the competition." He Peiqing said as he looked at Chen Xiang, because he was the only one who chose to refine the Ground level Pill.

Everyone had only suspected it before, but they never thought that someone would actually choose to refine a Ground level Pill. A single pill only had one point, and if one used all their might to refine it, they would definitely not be able to defeat those Dan Immortal who were refining high grade Heaven level s.

But Chen Xiang walked up quickly.

"How many more Five Elements Profound Dan do you guys still have?" Chen Xiang asked.

"There are still three thousand of these." An old man replied.

"I can only receive 500 at most. Since there aren’t any Alchemist who can receive it now, can you let me receive a little more at once?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It’s the same for you. Don’t tell me you can concoct over a thousand pills at once." The old man asked in disdain, "Your pill furnace can’t hold that many, can it?"

He Peiqing said: "Only five hundred pills at a time, this is the rule that was previously set. We will calculate according to the number of pills that you will give us, and when we count the total, if there are more than ten failures, you will have to leave."

"Five hundred then." Chen Xiang sighed, many people did not understand why he wanted so much at one go, no one could refine so many at once.

Chen Xiang took the five hundred sets of Five Elements Profound Dan medicine and returned to his position.

"The second round of the Myriad Pill Competition will now begin." After He Peiqing finished speaking, a big sized man knocked on a large gong, and after a "clang" sound, all the Alchemist s immediately placed the medicinal ingredients into the furnace.

Even the small amount of Heaven level s provided by the Myriad Dan Immortal Country was the same, but the Ground level s he received were still the same. Not only were their quality poor, some of them were even filled with rubbish and mud.

In a very short period of time, those Dan Immortal s had already entered the state of refining pills, but Chen Xiang had poured out all five hundred sets of medicinal ingredients he had received.

Everyone saw Chen Xiang release all the broken medicinal ingredients, immediately feeling a headache. Forget about refining them, even if they were to tidy them up properly, it would make them feel dizzy.

Moreover, one pellet each time, would cause the Alchemist to have no motivation.

However, Chen Xiang was carefully cleaning up those medicinal herbs. He did not feel troubled, nor did he look unhappy. Instead, he was filled with confidence, and there was a sense of excitement in his expression.

Although there were a lot of them, Chen Xiang handled them very quickly and carefully. After he finished organizing them, he took almost an hour and there were some people who had already finished training a batch, but that was only for the low grade Heaven level.

"It’s about to begin." Hua Xiangyue said somewhat excitedly: "If he is really my Junior Martial Uncle, after this, all of you will see a scene that you will never forget."

"What’s going to happen?" Wang Weiquan asked curiously.

"I don’t know either, but if he wants to win in this kind of situation, he must use some very powerful methods." Hua Xiangyue said.

"No matter how I think about it, I just can’t figure out how to use a Ground level Pill to win, it’s only a single point per pill. Even with the pill refining speed he had before, he still wouldn’t be able to enter the top ten ranks. The Dan Immortal within the top ten are all very strong, and right now, they are all refining high grade Heaven level pills." Song Ying said.