Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing Chen Xiang’s Rainbow Heaven Flame, Liu Meng’er said softly, "With this kind of flame, it would be a bit of a waste if I don’t refine it. I wonder if he will have time in the future, I’ll teach him how to refine artifacts."

"My master also used a lot of time to cultivate and produce the seven-colored heavenly fire, but this brat is the same age as Xianxian, yet he can control the seven-colored heavenly fire so easily. No wonder he was so ambitious, daring to create a Dragon Subduing School, and dared to fight against so many powers." Liu Zongyu sighed.

"I wonder if Junior Apprentice Brother’s Dragon Subduing School still wants more people. I should be able to go and mix in with the Elders or something like that." Wang Weiquan grinned.

"Master, the elders in the young master’s Dragon Subduing School are all a bunch of brats. Yun Xiaodao, Zhu Rong and the rest of the little brats are all elders of the Dragon Subduing School. If you go, you will definitely be looked down upon by them." Hua Xiangyue laughed.

"So that’s how it is. No wonder when I was going to introduce master to them, they weren’t interested in the slightest, and instead had a very arrogant look on their faces." Wang Weiquan laughed.

Liu Meng’er said: "Xianxian, You Lan and the rest are often sparring with that group of brats, that group of brats are also quite strong, and they all cultivate very mysterious skills, don’t forget that Dragon Subduing School has a very powerful Great Elder who can fight against Dragon Emperor."

Back then, when Liu Meng’er’s group was stopped by the Dragon Emperor, it was the White Tiger that suddenly appeared and told the Dragon Emperor to retreat.

"That means we underestimated that group of brats before. However, aren’t they too low-profile? They even acted sloppy all the time, and no matter how you look at it, they don’t seem like the elders from a large power." Right now, Yun Xiaodao and the others were in the Human King Immortal Country, but they did not join the Human King Immortal Country.

Initially, Wu Canghong and Liu Zongyu had the intention to rope Chen Xiang in, but this was not realistic, because Chen Xiang was originally a Leader from a big sect, however, forming an alliance with him was not a problem.

The final match wouldn’t determine one’s ranking, but first place was the most meaningful match. Currently, everyone was trying their best to concoct the best quality pills and compete for first place.

From the looks of it, anyone could possibly get first place, because these ten Alchemist were all very skilled.

This was a mysterious Dan Immortal sent by He Peiqing. He was able to refine a high grade Heaven level pill, a Nine Primal Creation Pellet, refined from nine Nature fruit, a Good Fortune Pellet refined from one of them was a mid grade Heaven level, far inferior to the Nine Primal Creation Pellet.

The market for this kind of pill was very big, it was one of the most favored pills of many immortals, and the price was not low either. There were several Dan Immortal who were present to refine this type of pill, because the ingredients for the Nine Elements Creation Pill were more abundant, as long as one was not too poor, they could be bought with a large number of Spiritual crystal.

The Dan Immortal was very confident in his Nine Yuan Creation Pill. After he was done concocting, he immediately went to the testing immortal equipment and placed the pill in the middle of the concave. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The finger array on top of the disk immediately rotated, and then stopped at the eighty-eight mark, which was actually not above ninety percent. This made He Peiqing feel disappointed.

To these Dan Immortal s, it could be said that they had spent a long time concocting a batch of high grade Heaven level Pills in eighteen hours, but the quality was still so poor. It could be seen that this Dan Immortal was not that amazing.

There were many famous Dan Immortal under the Myriad Dan Immortal Country, but they could not participate in the competition. The hosts could not send people to participate.

Afterwards, the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace also completed it, it was also a Nine Yuan Creation Pill. From the fragrance and the clouds of light outside, one could not see the exact quality, because all the high quality pills were like that, but this was not Peak quality.

The specialty of the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace was not pill refining, but it was already pretty good for them to have such a powerful Dan Immortal.

He came to the side of the immortal testing tool and started his test. The needle fiercely turned and jumped to 94. The Devil-suppressing Divine Palace was very satisfied with his result, and revealed a smile on his face.

The Peak quality refined by Myriad Dan Immortal Country’s seventh stage Dan Immortal was also only ninety-seven years old, but it was still three years away from being refined.

However, the higher the quality of a technique, the more easily one would be able to break through. Although there was a difference of three levels, it was still possible that he would find it difficult to break through to this level in his entire lifetime.

The third Dan Immortal to complete was Imperial Dragon Clan’s Holy Dragon Dan Immortal. Many people believed that there was a high chance for him to get first place, because he had performed exceptionally well in the previous competition.

What he had refined was a Heaven level Holy Dragon’s Blood Pill. This pill’s medicinal ingredients were probably only easy to obtain by their Holy Dragon’s Blood. The main ingredient was the Holy Dragon’s Essence Blood.

Holding the golden pellet in his hand, he confidently came to the side of the testing disc. He was confident that he could surpass Devil-suppressing Divine Palace.

The finger array rotated and stopped at the 96th mark. Seeing this result, everyone was secretly surprised, because it was just a little bit away from the Peak quality.

Seeing that he had been defeated, the Dan Immortal’s smile disappeared as he shook his head and sighed.

However, the final result was not out yet, because there were still seven Alchemist s that had not been completed, and these seven Alchemist s were all very powerful.

The fourth to complete pill was Du Hai, who was a third grade Dan Immortal. This kind of Dan Immortal could be considered relatively noble, and he was participating in the competition on behalf of the Sacred Dan Realm, so he refined a high grade Heaven level called Great Nirvana Pill. After consuming this kind of pill, he would let himself fall into a deep sleep, and then recover from his injuries at a terrifying rate, suitable for the severely injured and unconscious Dan Immortal to consume.

After Du Hai placed the Great Nirvana Pill on top, he turned his finger towards the ninety-fourth place, causing him to helplessly talk. Although he did not get first place, he still knew his own level.

Right now, the one in the lead was still the Holy Dragon Dan Immortal, with a score of ninety-six.

Following that, Li Tianjun also completed the process. He had also concocted the Nine Yuan Creation Pellet, which made people feel that he had a higher chance of obtaining the points.

At this moment, the face of the Holy Dragon Dan Immortal tensed up, he was worried that Li Tianjun would surpass him.

"Ninety-six." He Peiqing said.

"If the final high score is the same, then how would it count?" The Holy Dragon Dan Immortal heaved a sigh of relief and asked anxiously.

"In that case, all of you can continue to refine until a high and low level is determined." He Peiqing said.

The Peak quality that was refined by a seventh stage Dan Immortal was ninety-seven. Now that they had reached ninety-six and reached the highest level possible for a seventh stage Dan Immortal, both Li Tianjun and the Holy Dragon Dan Immortal were more satisfied with themselves.

"I’m finally done." When the Fire Divine Palace opened the furnace, it did not shoot out any light, so it was clear that it was not Peak quality.

At this moment, Li Tianjun was more concerned about the Bi Xia Dan Immortal’s score. He had lost everything earlier because of this Bi Xia Dan Immortal, and it seemed like he had made a bet with this Bi Xia Dan Immortal. Therefore, the Bi Xia Dan Immortal’s face was very heavy, because Li Tianjun’s score was not low.