Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Although the Sacred Dan Realm had fused with the Heaven Realm, there were no changes to the terrain. Back then, he had also stayed at the Long family for a period of time, so he was relatively familiar with the place.

However, there was still a big change here. For example, the Long family’s headquarters was located right in the middle of the immortal palace. There was also a tall wall, making it difficult to enter.

Chen Xiang took out the jade tablet that Long Huishan had given him back then.

He arrived at the central area, and at the entrance under the tall and big wall, he took out the jade tablet and handed it over to the Immortal Monarch guarding the gate.

"Do you need to lead the way?" After the Immortal Monarch saw this, he immediately felt deep veneration for Chen Xiang. Although he did not know who this person was, those with this jade token had the best relationship with the Female Dragon King of the Long family.

"Just take me to your Patriarch." Chen Xiang said, he kept the jade medallion, and then the Immortal Monarch called for a young lady, and brought him to the large building.

The Long family in the center area was like a large city with many buildings. It could be seen that the Long family was developing very well.

Chen Xiang was brought into a luxurious living room. The young lady told him to wait here, she had already sent someone to inform Long Huishan.

When Long Huishan found out that someone was holding onto that type of jade tablet, she knew that Chen Xiang had come. She thought that it would take Chen Xiang some time to arrive, she didn’t expect it to happen so soon.

She immediately rushed to the guest hall, and upon seeing Chen Xiang, she really wanted to punch him twice, but she endured it. Without saying much more, she brought Chen Xiang directly into an even tighter manor.

Just as he entered, Long Huishan punched Chen Xiang in the chest: "Little bastard, you really dare to play."

Chen Xiang changed back to his own appearance and laughed: "Big sister Long, long time no see, you look even more beautiful than before, and you even have the aura of a Female Dragon King."

"Cut the crap." Long Huishan grabbed Chen Xiang and brought him into the great hall. Then, he pushed onto a chair with all his strength and sat down as well.

Long Huishan wore a golden armor with a long braid hanging down to her chest. One could see the stiff armor that was glowing with a golden light on it.

Long Huishan had indeed changed a lot. When Chen Xiang had first met her, he had felt that she was a strong woman, but now she was an overbearing queen, not as young and gentle as she was in the past. Of course, all of this was forced out of her environment.

Seeing Chen Xiang’s mischievous eyes sweeping over her, Long Huishan glared at him. "What are you looking at?

Back then, Chen Xiang and Hua Xiangyue had stayed at Long Huishan’s place for a period of time. At that time, Hua Xiangyue’s clothes were extremely seductive throughout the day, and she often dual cultivated with Chen Xiang at night ... "How would I dare? Sister Long’s figure is so good, her face is so beautiful, and whatever clothes she wears are very beautiful. Of course, not wearing them would be even more beautiful." Chen Xiang laughed.

"He deserves a beating." Long Huishan bellowed, he had already arrived in front of Chen Xiang and fiercely knocked on his head.

Long Huishan was indeed becoming stronger and stronger. Back then, when she obtained the inheritance of the Ice Dragon, she had only just become an Immortal King, but now, she was much stronger than before.

As Long Huishan sat on the chair beside Chen Xiang, he watched as Chen Xiang rubbed the sore spot on her head. He couldn’t help but think of what happened back then when Chen Xiang and her had entered the Dragon Cave, how weak she was at that time, and all the difficulties she had encountered along the way. Chen Xiang had helped her resolve them, allowing her to ultimately enter the depths of the Dragon Cave to obtain the inheritance of the Ice Dragon.

When she thought about this, her heart couldn’t help but feel warm. The way she looked at Chen Xiang became very gentle, so when Chen Xiang came to the Heaven Realm and didn’t look for her, she became very angry. This made her feel that Chen Xiang thought that she wasn’t strong enough.

She still didn’t know how to repay Chen Xiang’s kindness. When Chen Xiang was surrounded by the Dragon Emperor and the other Rankers, she had already made preparations to fight to her death.

"Foolish brat, can’t you provoke some weaker forces? Can it be easier for me to help you?" Long Huishan said bitterly as he reached out to rub Chen Xiang’s head.

"Even though you called me elder sister, I didn’t do my duty." Long Huishan sighed.

"No need to blame yourself. I came here to trouble you. You won’t chase me away, right?" Chen Xiang laughed as he grabbed the long braid that hung on Long Huishan’s chest and played around with it.

"I knew that you would only look for me if you had something to say." Long Huishan pulled back her braid and snorted. At the moment, she did look somewhat like a woman.

"That’s right, how is Little Ling right now?" Chen Xiang asked.

"He’s still sleeping. This little girl still doesn’t know that her Big Brother Yan is being offered a bounty and doesn’t dare to show his face."

Long Huishan leaned on the chair, crossed his legs, and lightly sipped on his tea, asking: "What are you looking for me for, is there another sister from Stronghold?"

Chen Xiang had originally planned to leave Ji Meixian here, but since Ji Meixian was unwilling, she decided to go out and adventure by herself.

"Elder sister Long, have you seen Youlan?" Chen Xiang was now more worried about Leng Youlan, because her white hair was a symbol of the White Dragon’s blood. Although Long Xueyi had never told him about the hatred between Bai Long and Imperial Dragon Clan, he could feel the strong desire for revenge inside the White Dragon’s bones. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

After Leng Youlan awakened his White Dragon Vein, there was a huge change, although he still loved his older brother a lot.

"I met her the last time I went to Human King Immortal Country. I had a private chat with her before, she got along really well with me, and I even fought with her before ... She was the one who pestered me to spar with her. Otherwise, she wouldn’t be able to bear this elder sister of mine. " Long Huishan said.

Leng Youlan was very similar to the current Long Huishan. They were both violent women and there was dragon blood in their bodies.

That’s why she has white hair. If possible, I hope you can take her and let her stay here for a period of time. Once she has some power, I think it would be better for her to stay with you. Chen Xiang said in a low voice.

Hearing this, Ji Meixian, who was inside the Quiet Dragon Ring was also very surprised, and looked towards Long Xueyi.

Long Xueyi had also told Chen Xiang before that it would be better for Leng Youlan to follow him because the Long family was a group of Dragon People.

Long Huishan knew that there was a white dragon by Chen Xiang’s side and because of the appearance of the white dragon, the Imperial Dragon Clan was extremely nervous.