Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

When dawn was about to break, the large group of Little Night Devil s suddenly dispersed. No one knew why they would all fly away before daybreak, but these Night Devil s were not afraid of the light at all.

"If it’s daylight, they’re not that powerful. Once the sunlight shines on them, they’ll turn into mist." Bai Youyou said, "My master tried it all those years ago, and even the Night Devil King would not dare to appear in broad daylight." Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"Then, do you know where they are hiding?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Deep underground."

This made Chen Xiang think of the group of Earth’s Core Race in the dragon vein. They couldn’t appear during the daytime, so if the sunlight shone on them, they would die.

"Could it be that these Night Devil and the others are the same, cursed?" Chen Xiang had doubts in his heart, because the births of these Night Devil had always been a mystery.

When the sky brightened, everyone breathed a sigh of relief because they hadn’t suffered any losses from last night. Those who had died were only those who had followed them.

Chen Xiang turned into a fly and followed behind these hundreds of thousands of people. Right now he was extremely safe, even if something powerful suddenly appeared, it would be directed at the group of people in front.

He followed this group of people because he wanted to find the route marked on the map to enter the Night Devil Hell more safely. If that route was safe, he wouldn’t need to follow this group of people.

They had already reached the Night Devil Hell’s side last night, and today, they would definitely head deeper into the Night Devil Hell.

"Now that we are inside the Night Devil Hell, it will not be as safe as it was before. There are dangers everywhere inside." Bai Youyou said. Right now, she felt that the inside of the forest was extremely dangerous, because it was extremely quiet inside the dense fog.

After going over two mountains, it was already noon. On the summit of the mountain just now, Chen Xiang checked the terrain ahead, making him curious. He used the Chaos Divine Eye to look through the dense white fog, but he did not see the outline of the mountain.

"Seems to be close." Chen Xiang was suddenly excited, because on the map, there was a large piece of flat land, and it was very close to a safe route. Now that he knew where he was on the map, it was very easy for him to reach the safe route, so he did not need to follow the group of people in front.

"There’s movement." Long Xueyi said.

"The people in front have stopped. The ground is shaking. It seems like there is a large group of things charging over." Chen Xiang looked at the ground and noticed that the ground had traces of slightly trembling.

There was dense fog all around, and they couldn’t see what was in front of them. Furthermore, they were on a flat land, and the mountains were all around. If something were to rush over, it might very well be beasts, because Night Devil only appeared at night.

"It’s a beast tide. This group of people are in trouble. I think more than half of them will die." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang immediately used his Chaos Divine Eye. Through the clouds, he could see many dense and dense groups of people running towards him, like a tide, they were extremely turbulent and crazy, the way they ran caused the ground to shake.

The countless beasts suddenly roared at the same time, causing the roars to shake the earth, scaring many people to the point that their faces turned pale, because they knew that this thing that came over was different from the Little Night Devil from last night. Although those Little Night Devil s were only in the intermediate stage of the Worldly Immortal Stage, they were extremely afraid of the power of the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace.

However, there were many giant beasts rushing over at this moment. Furthermore, there were even a few very powerful auras. It seemed that these were not only ordinary giant beasts, but also powerful beast kings and beast kings.

"Hurry to the safe route." Su Meiyao said.

There were at least a few hundred thousand of them. They had obviously been waiting here for a long time, and the moment someone stepped in, they would immediately rush over in a grandiose manner.

Chen Xiang floated in the air and changed back into his human form. Then, he activated Chaos Divine Eye to its limit and looked at the mountain in front of him.

There was a large mountain next to this gourd-shaped mountain, and within this mountain, there would be a small crack, just big enough for two people to walk through side by side. It was unknown if it was formed naturally, or if someone had intentionally dug it, but in short, the deep crack was very safe, the beast would be difficult to attack, and it would not be easy to be discovered.

Chen Xiang immediately flew towards the entrance of the safe route. Not long after he flew, the sounds of a great battle came from behind him, accompanied by intense beast roars.

Even the flying Chen Xiang had been greatly affected, causing his speed to become much slower.

"Wow, even Dragon Emperor and Dragon Emperor joined the battle. No wonder elder sister You You’s master was so heavily injured that year. Night Devil Hell is indeed very powerful." Long Xueyi said in shock.

Chen Xiang could also sense the auras of the Dragon Emperor and the Phoenix King. For them to make a move, it must be because a very strong Beast King had arrived, and it was not only one of them.

Chen Xiang took half an hour to distance himself from the battlefield. At the moment, he was completely unaffected, and his speed had increased by a lot.

"Almost there." Chen Xiang increased his speed and used the power of the spatial laws to teleport.

Not long after, he saw the small crack on the mountain before him. If it wasn’t for his good eyesight, he probably would have seen it too.

Now, he also discovered a strange phenomenon. The area he was in actually no longer had that white fog, which allowed him to clearly see the scenery in front of him.

"There’s someone." Chen Xiang was shocked. She thought that he could see them clearly, that was why he could see the people in front of him.

"It’s that Phoenix Princess. No wonder I couldn’t sense her aura earlier. I didn’t expect her to already be here." Long Xueyi said.

"And He Feng ... The others should be sent by the big powers. I never would have thought that they also know where this safe entrance is. Could it be that there are a lot of maps? Chen Xiang sensed that something was wrong, because this person was here and he had obviously already known about it.

"Look at that map carefully. There are many forks in the road. Perhaps the forks in the road on their map are different. Perhaps yours is the most correct." Long Xueyi said.

Phoenix Princess, He Feng and the rest did not fight with the group of beasts, but instead, came here.

"They’re fighting, He Feng is actually fighting with the Phoenix Princess..." Long Xueyi was shocked. Phoenix Princess was an existence similar to Prince Imperial Dragon, but right now, he was actually provoked by a prince of Myriad Dan Immortal Country.