Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The river was very clean, but it was less lively. Chen Xiang suddenly felt that the Night Devil might be afraid of the water, if not the river would not be safe.

At night, even if Chen Xiang was at the bottom of the river, he would still be able to hear the cries of the Night Devil s.

"This river is very narrow, but it’s very deep. It doesn’t seem like a normal river, could it be that someone dug it out on purpose? This kind of river can’t grow large beasts, so you don’t need to worry about the giant beasts." Long Xueyi said.

Someone who could create such a safe route would definitely understand the Sacred Beasts Ancient Realm very well, and his own strength was also very strong. The map had the symbol of the Dan Emperor, and the Dan Emperor was a legendary figure, so his strength was much stronger than the Ice Emperor.

Chen Xiang followed the flow of the water, feeling that the speed of the water flow was too slow, he swam forward even faster, because he was anxious to unravel the mystery of the map.

And the map that Imperial Dragon Clan, Fire Divine Palace and the others had pieced together, what kind of place would it lead to in the end, and what was inside.

This road was very long, and according to the map, it was longer than the crevice in the mountain. This meant that Chen Xiang would have to spend a lot of time here.

"I can still see the Devil-killing Summit." Chen Xiang swam for a few days at the bottom of the river and peeked his head out. When he peeked his head out, the silver-white mountain had always been in that direction, as if it was following him around.

"I don’t know what’s going on, but it’s only been four hours in the day and twenty hours in the night." Long Xueyi said: "If it wasn’t for the fact that there’s a strong power controlling the time, then it’s just that there’s a powerful formation going against Yin and Yang, all for the sake of allowing the Night Devil s more time to come out and take action."

"Is this all Night Devil? There’s no other beast type here."

This was the Sacred Beasts Ancient Realm, so even if he wasn’t the Sacred Beasts Ancient Realm from back then, there should have been some beasts. When he had entered the crevice earlier, he had encountered an extremely terrifying beast tide, and even now, he still couldn’t understand why that beast tide would appear.

Chen Xiang suspected that there might be someone controlling a large group of gigantic beasts to prevent others from entering the depths of Sacred Beasts Ancient Realm.

Out of the several hundred thousand people that the big powers brought, who knew how many were left? In short, there would definitely be some that would die miserably. After all, there were so many of them, and they weren’t that strong either.

"No, even if there were, it would be difficult to discover that the beasts here are most likely facing the threat of the Night Devil, so they rarely come by, and if there are, they should be of the Beast King category, and even if they are, it would be hard to survive if they were to face a few Night Devil Kings."

Previously, in the Ten Thousand Beast Palace, there were a few old Beast Kings who said that they had escaped from this place and that they did not want to return. It seemed that they had endured many cruel tortures in the Night Devil Hell.

In the blink of an eye, Chen Xiang had already been continuously advancing forward this long river for more than ten days. What made him curious was that this small river had always had water, and it wasn’t stopped at all, and was maintained in a perfect condition for tens of thousands of years, as if someone was specially protecting this river.

Along the way, the three sections of safe routes were all unobstructed. Thinking back to it now, Chen Xiang felt that it was a little strange. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"Forget it." Forget it. Chen Xiang thought.

Ever since Chen Xiang had been entangled by the meddling Night Devil King, he would try his best to avoid the Night Devil s. Although he was at the bottom of the river, both he and Long Xueyi could use the Spirit Travelling Technique to observe the situation around them on the surface of the river. Although they had not seen the Night Devil King before, they could always feel the aura of the Night Devil King nearby, so Chen Xiang rarely exposed himself at night.

Chen Xiang advanced under the river for fifteen days. Based on his observations of his surroundings, he should be able to quickly enter the fourth safe route. There were a total of six sections to the safe route, and he was still half the way to the end of the map.

For example, last time, he almost disturbed that Night Devil Lair, and there was even a conflict between him and that Night Devil King. But this time, he didn’t know what he would encounter, so he had to make preparations to face danger at any time.

Soon, he saw a stone at the bottom of the river. This stone had a circular mark on it, indicating that he had to leave this river. The third section of the safe route was over, and he had to turn from here to the fourth section.

Chen Xiang would only go out during the day, and that way he would not meet the Night Devil. He had already determined that even the very powerful Night Devil King would not dare to appear during the day.

Although there were no Night Devil s in the day, this place wasn’t absolutely safe. In order to avoid becoming’s target, he became a small flying insect and flew towards the entrance of the fourth safe route.

In Chen Xiang’s opinion, the fourth section of the safe route was not very safe, because it was neither a crack nor a water route. Instead, it was a muddy road in a forest.

To reach the forest, he would have to cross a large river and two tall mountains. Normally, this would not mean much to him, but here, it was extremely difficult.

"Let’s hurry up. Although I don’t know if the forest is safe or not, it should be a safe route. There shouldn’t be any problems." Long Xueyi urged, she wanted Chen Xiang to return to his human form, since that would be faster.

In here, he only had four hours in the day, so Chen Xiang had to hurry back and step onto the safe route, otherwise, if he were to meet those Night Devil s, it would be a headache for him.

He turned back into his human form and stepped onto the Shrinking step on the ground. With extreme speed, he travelled through the forest and quickly saw the large river in front of him.

The surface of the river was extremely calm as the river slowly flowed. On the surface, it seemed as if there was no danger, but the clear water of the river was abnormally quiet.

Very quickly, he arrived in the middle of the river. Lowering his head to take a look, he immediately sucked in a breath of cold air, because he saw that there were two gigantic underwater shadows on the surface of the river. From the size of the shadows, it seemed like they were water beasts.

"Not only are they large in size, they are also very powerful. I wonder how many years they have lived here. Let’s quickly distance themselves from this river." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang swallowed his saliva, increased his speed and flew in the air, trying his best to avoid too much noise. He was afraid that he would alarm the gigantic beast hiding in the river.

However, in the water, they can avoid being attacked by Night Devil. Those Night Devil are afraid of the water and the fire, the next time we go against them, we can use water to test how powerful they are.

Chen Xiang was still in the air above the big river, but he could no longer see the two gigantic water phantoms. Just as he heaved a sigh of relief, the surface of the river suddenly fluctuated.