Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"Have they been discovered?" Chen Xiang was terrified, he immediately turned into a small bird and quickly flew towards the shore.

The surface of the river was rough and rough, and huge wolves were rolling in the waves.

Crash ...

He only saw a huge black shadow coming out from the river, and jumped into the air in a moment, because this thing was too huge, like a huge towering mountain floating in the sky, and Chen Xiang was right below it, unable to see what it was, he could only see a black object with scales on it.

"What is this thing? Why is it so big?" Chen Xiang asked Long Xueyi in shock.

"It seems to be ... "Xuan Wu Beast..." Long Xueyi was also shocked, it was her first time seeing such a huge thing with her own eyes.

This enormous creature in the air was like a heavenly part of the universe.

Chen Xiang had seen the White Tiger before, it was normal for the Black Tortoise to appear in front of him. It was just that he did not expect to meet them here in the Night Devil Hell, and there were even two of them.

Before Chen Xiang could even clearly see Black Turtle’s appearance, he was blown to the shore by a strong gust of wind. When he turned his head to look at the sky above the river, Black Turtle’s gigantic body had already disappeared.

"He didn’t find you. He found another guy." Long Xueyi immediately said: "Look over there, the Xuanwu beast has turned into its benevolent form and is fighting with that guy."

"Is this Black Tortoise a Saint Beast? What is it?" Chen Xiang’s pupils contracted as he looked at the distant bursts of intense light flashing in the sky.

"I don’t know. In short, that guy has a strong evil force on him. He might be a very powerful Night Devil, one that can appear during the day." This was only Long Xueyi’s guess, but after Chen Xiang felt the Qi that was transmitted here, he had the same thought. That kind of evil Qi was indeed very similar to the Night Devil.

Night Devil could only appear at night, and those who appeared during the day were definitely very strong. Those who were not afraid of sunlight were existences that surpassed the Night Devil King.

Chen Xiang did not dare stay here for long, there were still Black Tortoises in the Night Devil Hell, and one that surpassed the strength of the Immortal King. He only wanted to hurry to the location marked on the map, and take everything he could take, then quickly leave this place.

"It seems like the daytime is also very dangerous." If that Black Tortoise had come to deal with him, his fate would have been very worrisome.

"Hmph, why are those fellows from Dragon Emperor still so arrogant. If they were to come here, it would be difficult for them to deal with those two Xuanwu beasts. Furthermore, that Night Devil is also very strong, I wonder how many of those things are here." Seeing the Black Tortoise Beast and the powerful Night Devil, she had a deeper understanding of this Night Devil Hell.

When Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou were very young, they had heard many things about this Night Devil Hell. They had always believed that this Night Devil Hell was powerful, but they no longer doubted that it was so terrifying.

"Night Devil, Black Tortoise, Devil-killing Summit ... How many other powerful existences are there that we do not know about? It seems like there are powers fighting amongst them. Long Xueyi sighed: "It’s better to leave this place as soon as possible. Maybe after we go out, Dragon Emperor and the others will all be gone."

Taking those three strong guys that Chen Xiang just met, even if Dragon Emperor and the rest came, they would probably only be able to escape.

"If we were to fight with the Nine Emperors and Five Venerables, would we have any hope of defeating that Black Tortoise?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I do not know the specific strength of the Nine Emperors and Five Venerables, but if one of their Dan Emperor s can enter here, and even make a path for us, he should be very strong, and should be able to fight those strong fellows from before to a draw." Long Xueyi thought about it and replied.

Chen Xiang quickly went over two mountains. In front of him was the forest, which was filled with ancient trees, the lush branches and leaves were green and full of vitality, it was unlike the forests that were filled with death energy, and this made him feel that he was in a more normal place. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

When he was about to step into the forest, a white silhouette suddenly flashed past his eyes. In the broad daylight, when he saw this, he couldn’t help but shiver because the white figure’s speed was extremely fast. Furthermore, neither he nor Long Xueyi noticed it.

"Hello." Chen Xiang who was in a daze, was suddenly patted on the shoulder, and even heard someone greeting him, made his entire body tremble violently, and suddenly break out in a cold sweat.

In this sort of place, the things he was most afraid of were people who were neither human nor ghost. Furthermore, they were extremely strong and could even speak.

Chen Xiang planned to charge forward into the forest without looking back. That was a safe route.

Just as he took two steps forward, he felt a strong hand grab his wrist. He turned around and saw a ten foot tall, sturdy middle-aged man standing behind him.

This middle-aged man was dressed in white, with a head of long and messy white hair, along with some dried up leaves. From the looks of him, it seemed as if he had just rolled on the ground.

"What are you running for? Do I look that scary? Besides, why are you running before you even see me?" As the middle-aged man spoke, he used his hand to tidy up his messy white hair.

He was scary not because he was ugly, but because his face looked fierce, as if he wanted to chop someone into pieces, the kind that killed pigs without even blinking an eye.

"Are you human or a ghost?" Chen Xiang took a deep breath, and calmed himself down a little. He did not feel any life force from this person, let alone any energy aura.

"Of course I’m human. Do you want to enter this forest?" The big, white-haired man suddenly became serious. He looked at the huge forest and a trace of fear and sadness suddenly appeared in his eyes.

He let go of Chen Xiang, but Chen Xiang did not run, he knew that it would be hard for him to run, the middle-aged man was definitely strong, when he grabbed him, Chen Xiang had already noticed it.

"Yes, is there a problem?" Chen Xiang replied vigilantly.

The white-haired man frowned as he spoke in an extremely serious tone, "Don’t go. As long as you step into this forest, it will be very hard for you to get out."

"Wha .... "Why?" Chen Xiang found it hard to understand, because it was a safe route indicated on the map. He believed that there was no mistake, because when he came here previously, he took the three sections of safe route which allowed him to be very safe.

The white-haired middle-aged man seemed to know a lot of things. He immediately took out a map and spread it on the ground. "Your map should be the same as this one, the fourth section is ahead."

When Chen Xiang saw it, his heart jumped. The map was exactly the same as his.

"Could the fourth section be unsafe?" Chen Xiang looked at the map, then looked at the Ancient Forest.

"It’s not safe. No one who goes in will be able to come out. My wife was too anxious and did not come back after going in. I was lucky and found something wrong when I went in, so I could leave immediately." The white-haired middle-aged man said dejectedly.

"Didn’t you go in with her? You didn’t stop her." Chen Xiang did not believe what the middle aged man said.

"We’re a group of people. We’ll split into groups, and I’ll be in the group behind her. There’s a total of fifteen of us, and in the end, only I am still here. Three hundred thousand years have passed, and they still haven’t come out." The white-haired middle-aged man sighed.

"Three hundred thousand years." The corner of Chen Xiang’s eyes twitched, for someone to be able to live for such a long time, he must be very strong.

"Senior, then do you know about the matter of the Devil-killing Summit? That silver-white mountain ... And what exactly are those Night Devil s here for? " Seeing that the white haired middle aged man was easy to talk to, Chen Xiang immediately spoke out the question that had been in his mind for a long time.

"This is very complicated and cannot be explained with a few words. In short, if you still want to live, don’t enter that forest. Since ancient times, many experts have entered and never came out." The white haired middle-aged man warned Chen Xiang.

"However, the reason why I’m here is precisely for that place. This is the goal that I’ve worked towards for many years. I cannot give up halfway." Chen Xiang said. The reason he came here was to go to the point indicated on the map.

"Take out your map. I want to see who drew it. Even though it’s about the same, we can still tell who drew it." The white-haired middle-aged man stretched out his hand and said.

Chen Xiang took out a copy of the paper map. Because the original map was marked with the Dan Emperor, he wanted to test this middle-aged man.

"Senior, you were very famous back then, right? I wonder what your name is?" Chen Xiang asked softly. Maybe Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou had heard of it before.

The white-haired middle-aged man frowned as he looked at the map, and said: "My name is Bai Shan YUE."

"Have you heard of it?" Chen Xiang asked Bai Youyou and Su Meiyao.

"Of course I’ve heard, it should be him. His character is very good, and he’s fought against my master several times, he’s a righteous and righteous person, but he disappeared many years ago. I didn’t expect him to come here." Bai Youyou said in shock.

Chen Xiang told himself at this time, that he had to hide his strength as much as possible. If this Bai Shan YUE found out that he understood devil arts, she would definitely exterminate him. Bai Youyou’s master was an old devil, so it was normal for him to be chased down by this Bai Shan YUE.

A person on par with the heartless old devil must be very strong. Moreover, so many years have passed. No wonder he was able to live in this place for so long. He must be very strong.

"It was painted by the Dan Emperor, haha ... "I didn’t expect him to leave behind a map. He went to that damned place himself and hasn’t been seen since." The Bai Shan YUE laughed.

Chen Xiang was secretly shocked, the Bai Shan YUE was truly amazing, just by looking at the overturned map, he could already tell who drew the map.

"Senior Yue, the destination the map pointed to. What exactly is hidden there? Why are there so many experts desperately searching for it?" Chen Xiang asked. His other purpose for coming here was to find the Beast Slain Method.

"To search for the Beast Slain Method. This was the Sacred Beasts Ancient Realm back then, and the reason why a large number of Holy Beasts were born was because the God slain method was carved on a gigantic cliff. The Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu, the Four-phase Magic Kungfu, the Taiji magic kungfu ... Wait, most of these were written according to the Beast Slain Method, so many people do not care about their lives as they ran over. " The Bai Shan YUE said.

When Chen Xiang heard it, his heart instantly felt a chill, because he knew that it would be extremely difficult to obtain the Beast Slain Method.