Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

And among the Heaven Realm, although the number of Immortal Kings was the fewest, it was still only calculated compared to all the living beings in the nine heavens, and Immortal Kings were not the strongest existence in the Heaven Realm.

"At that time, there were people who said that she might become a Flower Emperor in the future. Amongst the women, she can be considered an existence at the top." Su Meiyao said.

"Hundreds of Flowers Immortal Country is probably the youngest, with only five very, very small immortal palaces. Furthermore, all of the palace masters are women, and all of the people who are in charge of the entire Immortal Country are also women. This Immortal Country is also considered the most peaceful one among all. Bai Youyou replied: "We went there to seek refuge all those years ago."

Back then, he had thought about going there to hide for a while, but he was still worried that the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace, Imperial Dragon Clan and the Fire Divine Palace were too strong, so even the Hundreds of Flowers Immortal Country wouldn’t be able to protect him.

Chen Xiang answered Mu Qianxiang’s questions according to what he and Bai Youyou said.

"How old is the Hundreds of Flowers Immortal Country then? She, a woman, is actually called the future Flower Emperor. She’s really amazing." Mu Qianxiang yearned for more than anything, she also wanted to become a very strong woman.

"If I answer your question again, we will be even." Chen Xiang laughed. He could already tell that Mu Qianxiang yearned for the outside world.

"The Hundreds of Flowers Immortal Country is made up of five immortal palaces, and the main palace is at least three hundred million. Furthermore, each palace is governed by at least one Immortal King and ten Immortal Monarch s, and these Immortal King Immortal Monarch s all follow the orders of the future Flower Emperor. Of course, this is the minimum number." Chen Xiang said.

"What a formidable woman. I really want to go to the Hundreds of Flowers Immortal Country to take a look, I wonder if she will accept me." Mu Qianxiang gazed into the distance, as if he was looking into the distance.

With your innate talent, as long as you are willing to work hard, it might not be impossible for you to become a girl like the Flower Emperor in the future. Chen Xiang laughed.

Go ask around at the Mu Clan. We’re going to enter the city soon. Mu Qianxiang said vigilantly, obviously the thing she wanted to ask about needed to be kept a secret.

Even though the buildings were simple, they were arranged in a very neat manner. The main street was covered with flat stone bricks, and on both sides of the street were trees. Moreover, there was a clear river in the city, and from time to time, boats would pass by.

Among them, ordinary people were the most common. Although this world was isolated from the outside world, it was still operating in a very orderly manner. For mortals, resources were not lacking, because they could support themselves by raising poultry.

Although this was the Heaven Realm, this kind of ordinary scene was very common in those immortal palaces.

There was a carriage outside the town, and Mu Qianxiang led Chen Xiang into the carriage. Then, the two spirit stallions dragged the carriage, and headed towards the inside of the town.

"Elder Brother Shen, you should stay here for a while longer, can you wait until I’m an adult before leaving?" Mu Qianxiang sat opposite to Chen Xiang and looked at him with a pitiful expression. Previously, she had looked very strong, but now, she had turned into a spoiled little girl.

"I only need to stay for one day to earn 10,000 Spiritual crystal. How long is it until the coming of age ceremony?" Chen Xiang said. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"There are still forty days." Mu Qianxiang lowered her head and sighed softly. This was four hundred thousand Spiritual crystal. Although she did not care about the Spiritual crystal, she knew that it was a huge amount, especially for the place that the Spiritual crystal was lacking in.

Four hundred thousand Spiritual crystal was nothing to Chen Xiang. He was just about to agree to it, but Mu Qianxiang suddenly raised his head and said in a low voice: "Elder Brother Shen, I can give you some good things, you can give them to the elders and then you will definitely be able to stay here for the long term. You shouldn’t be in a hurry to go to that Samsara Valley right now, right?"

Chen Xiang’s heart skipped a beat, and he asked: "What is that thing?"

Mu Qianxiang did not reply, but instead sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang, "One Immortal Fruit."

Previously, Chen Xiang knew that this Mu Qianxiang definitely had some sort of fortuitous encounter, otherwise she wouldn’t have been able to become a Immortal Monarch at such a young age.

"Don’t tell anyone. In this place, there is no importance attached to women at all. We women have very little resources when we cultivate, so if it wasn’t for me displaying my shocking talent, I would be like other girls and serve a hateful guy like Han Chen. " Mu Qianxiang whispered to Chen Xiang.

"Xiao Xiang, if I find a way out, are you willing to follow me out?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course I’m willing. As long as you can bring me out of here, I can promise you anything." After Mu Qianxiang finished speaking, his face flushed red as he added, "That kind of thing is not going to work."

"What’s wrong?" Chen Xiang pretended not to know and joked.

"Hmph, stop pretending. You must know." Mu Qianxiang angrily stomped her feet, and her face turned even redder.

Chen Xiang giggled, then asked her via sound transmission: "What is that immortal fruit, can you tell me how it looks like?"

"It’s fiery red, and it looks like a little bird." Mu Qianxiang thought and replied.

Chen Xiang immediately told Su Meiyao this. Su Meiyao said in shock: "That’s a Phoenix Fruit, that isn’t from the Immortal Grade, but the Holy level, and is at the same level as the Holy level’s dragon medicine. Good god, that’s worthy of being the Sacred Beasts Ancient Realm’s sacred ground, otherwise there wouldn’t be such a thing."

Then there might even be other Holy Fruits, and they were not just these, because he discovered that there was no aura of fire on Mu Qianxiang’s body. It seemed like she did not gain strength by eating the Phoenix Fruit, so she definitely had eaten some other things.

"I’ll take you back first, and let my Mu Clan’s Patriarch know about your temporary stay here. After that, I’ll bring you to find that holy fruit, and when we get back to my place, you must behave a little better, and try your best to make those old fellows happy, so that you won’t be troubled by some nice guys in my Mu Clan." Mu Qianxiang transmitted.

Chen Xiang nodded his head. In order to make those old fellows happy, he had to use some Spiritual crystal s and pills. This was indeed beneficial for his activities here.

Right now, he had already planned to let Mu Qianxiang lead him to search for some Sacred Fruit and Immortal Fruits first before going to investigate the Samsara Valley s.

"Xiao Xiang, what kind of status do your parents have in the Mu Clan?" Chen Xiang asked.

My father was the grandson of the family head, and my mother was my father’s seventeenth woman. Because I accidentally offended some women who had a higher status than her, and because she was very beautiful and was envied by others, she was killed in the dark. But my father didn’t care and didn’t go investigate. Mu Qianxiang seemed to have already seen through it, but she was helpless. It could be seen that she had been through a lot since she was young.