Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Both Long Xueyi and Mu Qianxiang had a huge appetite, and in an instant, they had eaten several hundred kilograms of beast meat. Fortunately, Chen Xiang had hidden it well, and he did not find out that he had secretly brought away some of the beast meat for Long Xueyi to eat.

"I’ve eaten my fill. I should go to the academy to take a look. There are many ancient books there, but there aren’t many records about the Samsara Valley. I should be able to finish them soon." Mu Qianxiang licked his lips and took a sip of the sweet fruit wine.

Chen Xiang was not in a hurry to go to the Samsara Valley.

The Mu Clan’s Academy was a small house with six to seven large rooms and shelves filled with books.

Once Mu Qianxiang arrived, he immediately asked an old man. The old man seemed to already know that there would be people reading the ancient books about the Samsara Valley. He immediately brought Chen Xiang and to a study room and took out a book that was made from a thin layer of beast skin.

Fortunately, Chen Xiang could understand these ancient characters. When he was in the Ten Heavenly Sacred Mountain previously, after fusing with the stone tablets, he was able to learn these ancient characters.

"You can actually understand it? There are many ancient characters here that I don’t recognize." The old man in charge of supervising the academy said.

"Yes." Chen Xiang nodded his head, and then quickly flipped through the pages of the ancient book, searching for something useful.

This ancient book was not really thick, only dozens of pages. Chen Xiang finished flipping through it very quickly, and not many things were recorded in it. Most of them were recorded from many years ago, including who and where they went to the Samsara Valley, and in the end, they did not return.

However, those who could still live after entering the Samsara Valley did not even enter the depths. They did not even reach the valley where the Beast Slain Method was located.

After a mysterious force stopped them at the entrance of the valley, they immediately retreated. However, just as they were about to leave the valley, they were pulled back by another wave of energy, and then they were met with all sorts of violent attacks. In an instant, their bodies were injured, and they had to use all of their strength to escape.

Most of those who were unable to escape must have died inside. This was also the reason why they didn’t return after entering.

"Anything else?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Nope, it’s just this book. The Samsara Valley has been here for many years, and all those who went in were recorded on it. Most of the people that did not come back are powerful warriors." The old man said.

Chen Xiang was very disappointed, and sighed helplessly.

"That is something that cannot be helped. To be honest, not to mention you, even if our chief goes to that place, he will be courting death." The old man shook his head.

"That’s the only way out of here." Mu Qianxiang said in a low voice. How could she not know that it was impossible to safely enter the Samsara Valley and leave the place after.

"I also know that there is a valley in the middle of Samsara Valley. Once we enter that valley, we will be able to see the Beast Slain Method, but we cannot go there." The old man said, "Young man, you will stay here for the rest of your life."

"There will definitely be a way. It’s just that you guys are too stupid. You haven’t thought that sometimes you won’t be able to solve a problem just by relying on brute force. You need to rely on your brains instead." Seeing the disappointment on Chen Xiang’s face, Mu Qianxiang immediately said to the old man, then pulled Chen Xiang out of the academy.

"Elder Brother Shen, you have plenty of time." Mu Qianxiang comforted him: "When your Spiritual crystal is not enough, tell me, I will do my best to help you, so that you can stay here for a long time. While raising your strength, think of a way to leave this place."

Chen Xiang revealed a smile, "The more impossible things are for others to accomplish, the more I want to challenge them, this is a situation that I often encounter." Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Mu Qianxiang still did not know what kind of person Chen Xiang was now. If there was a day she could leave this place and go to Heaven Realm, she would understand what Chen Xiang was trying to say. Chen Xiang had done many things that others would think they would not be able to do.

Seeing Chen Xiang’s smile, Mu Qianxiang was also very happy. "Let me bring you over to play, I’ll familiarize myself with this place first."

There was a beauty sleeping and eating with him ... This made Chen Xiang feel comfortable, but he would not lose the strong desire to leave this place in the midst of enjoying it. On the contrary, he wanted to bring this wild girl who was dreaming about the wonderful world outside with him.

Chen Xiang giving the patriarch a Longevity fruit, this matter caused a huge stir in the nine clans. regretted it greatly now, he did not expect Chen Xiang to be a tycoon.

Now, everyone knew that Chen Xiang was in Mu Clan, and he was even accompanied by that famous wild girl from Mu Clan. However, people from other families all thought that Chen Xiang, that Longevity fruit, was equivalent to a betrothal gift.

Moreover, they never thought that women would be so valuable. Although Mu Qianxiang was a young Immortal Monarch, from their point of view, he still had a low status. From the looks of it, he was a young Immortal Monarch.

Mu Qianxiang brought Chen Xiang out for a stroll for a long time, and after hearing some gossip, he could only smile indifferently.

was very generous, buying a huge pile of pills whenever he saw something he could eat. He let Chen Xiang eat a lot, of course, most of the ingredients were for her and Long Xueyi.

In the evening, Mu Qianxiang and Chen Xiang returned to the quiet bamboo forest and sat next to the barbecue outside their house, ready to eat a beast meat feast.

"I am only worth a Longevity fruit ... Hmph, I had to put in a lot of effort to train myself. Mu Qianxiang mocked himself.

"Hehe, if you don’t want to marry, then even a thousand Longevity fruit can’t do anything to you, you wild girl." Chen Xiang chuckled: "If I were to marry you, the betrothal gift would definitely not only be that of a Longevity fruit, it would really be too unfair for you."

"How many would that be?" Mu Qianxiang asked with great interest.

Chen Xiang rubbed his chin, frowned and thought for a while, then said seriously: "At least I need two Longevity fruit."

"He deserves a beating." Mu Qianxiang was originally full of anticipation for a good answer, but didn’t expect Chen Xiang to actually be joking.

Chen Xiang caught hold of her jade fists that were smashing towards him and said with a laugh: "If I wanted to marry you, I would not give you a single Longevity fruit, because at that time, I would already have gotten you out of here."

"Even if you take me out, I won’t marry you." Mu Qianxiang scoffed.

A multicolored ray of light suddenly flashed across the dusky sky, and a gigantic multicolored ball of light streaked across the skies above the Mu Clan’s Mansion, giving off a scorching aura. At this moment, everyone on the ground felt a wave of heat attack them.

"What’s this?" Chen Xiang raised his head and looked at the seven-colored ball of light that was slowly moving across the sky: "Does this often appear in your place?"

When Mu Qianxiang saw the seven-colored ball of light, his expression became extremely serious. "This thing is big trouble.