Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

On one hand, he was surprised that Chen Xiang had destroyed such a good Immortal Sword. On the other hand, he was surprised at Chen Xiang’s strength, so much so that he did not reveal a single bit of Innate Qi, and directly broke a good quality middle grade Immortal Sword, which meant that Chen Xiang was very strong, at least not as weak as he appeared to be.

At the moment, Han Chen was only a few points of anger, the muscles on his face were twitching, and his fists were clenching tightly.

"Back then, you almost killed me with that sword strike of yours. After that, not only did you not apologize to me, you even rationally ordered me to return that intermediate grade immortal sword of yours. Dream on." Chen Xiang’s voice was cold, he casually threw away the two halves of the middle grade immortal sword, as though he was throwing away trash.

In his eyes, middle-grade immortal swords were trash to begin with. He had quite a few divine weapons, so of course he wouldn’t be interested in this sort of trash.

However, in this place where resources were scarce, it was extremely precious.

At the same time, they were also shocked by Chen Xiang’s rich and imposing manner.

"Bastard." Han Chen roared, his fist fiercely punching out, in an instant lightning flashed and thunder roared, the violent lightning on his fist flickered.

In that moment, Mu Qianxiang also shouted in shock, but she was too late to stop it. She did not expect Han Chen to release such a powerful attack the moment he appeared.

When everyone saw Han Chen’s punch, it brought out tens of thick bolts of lightning, causing them to immediately dodge far away. This was because this was the Han Family’s very famous Thunder Brilliance Fist.

In the instant when everyone dodged, they also saw a terrifying bolt of lightning charge towards Han Chen’s fist.

Chen Xiang also made his move, he had been prepared for it. The moment Han Chen punched, all the Innate Qi in his body immediately activated, condensing into lightning energy with the fastest speed possible and gushing out from his fist.

Chen Xiang’s fist did not only contain the berserk thunder and lightning energy, he also had the power of his fleshly body brought about by the Body of Heavenly Sage.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

The two fists clashed, and a burst of strong light and a few arrays of rumbling sounds exploded outwards. Chen Xiang and that Han Chen were both blown away.

It was just that Han Chen was sent flying, and when he landed, he rolled over thirty meters away, but Chen Xiang just stood there steadily.

The light ray disappeared, and everyone used their stinging eyes to look at Han Chen who had an ugly expression on his face.

The hand Han Chen struck out earlier was trembling. It was full of cracks and had been burnt black by the strong lightning.

The Chen Xiang who had already entered the intermediate stage of the Worldly Immortal Stage, would even dare to fight with his life on the line against the Immortal Monarch, not to mention the Han Chen of the Late period of human immortal.

"This is the second time you’ve tried to kill me." Chen Xiang’s face turned gloomy, everyone could feel his dense killing intent, at the same time, the young elders of the Han family all surrounded Han Chen, preventing him from killing them.

Just a moment ago, he was hiding behind Mu Qianxiang and said that he couldn’t beat her. But who knew that he would heavily injure Han Chen the moment he attacked? Han Chen had actually used the Thunder power, but Han Chen had actually been defeated by the Thunder power that she was so proud of.

Chen Xiang did not have any deep grudges with the Han family, it was just that Han Chen had a conflict with him, so he would not be so ruthless to kill him, if not Han Chen would have already died.

Mu Qianxiang pulled Chen Xiang into the tent. She also didn’t want to have any greater conflicts here, as it wouldn’t benefit anyone, let alone the current situation.

"Scoundrel, you’ve been hiding your strength so deeply." Mu Qianxiang looked at Chen Xiang reproachfully, "I was worried to death just now, I didn’t expect you to be so powerful. One punch was all it took to beat Han Chen up to the point that his temper disappeared." Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

"Hmph, I thought you weren’t that powerful and I wasn’t on guard against you at all, but now that I think about it ..." thought about the matter of him sleeping on the same bed as Chen Xiang previously. At first, she thought that she had absolute strength to suppress Chen Xiang and wouldn’t let him do whatever he wanted. But now that she thought about it again, her heart couldn’t help but tremble, because she now knew that Chen Xiang was very strong as well, and wasn’t as easy to deal with as she had imagined.

"Do I look like a bad person?" Chen Xiang chuckled, "If I had been up to no good with you, you would have ..."

Seeing Chen Xiang’s evil smile, Mu Qianxiang pinched Chen Xiang’s arm: "No matter how you look at it, he doesn’t look like a good person."

When he thought about how Chen Xiang broke the middle grade immortal sword, Mu Qianxiang was also extremely angry in his heart: "You are such a waste. You destroyed such a good immortal sword just to anger Han Chen."

"Isn’t it just a broken Immortal sword?" Chen Xiang said in disdain.

"Elder Brother Shen, tell me honestly, were you a disciple of a super great power in the nine days outside?" Mu Qianxiang asked, because Chen Xiang was very generous, and did not even put the middle grade immortal sword in his eyes.

A mid grade immortal sword was still very precious, even a prince like He Feng would not waste such a precious treasure.

"No, let me be honest with you, I am actually a Leader of a great power." Chen Xiang said seriously.

"I don’t believe that, if you were a Leader, you would at least be an Immortal King, but you don’t have the strength of an Immortal King." Mu Qianxiang stuck out his tongue: "All you know is to lie to me."

Chen Xiang said with a serious face, "In the future, when you go out and ask for my name, you will know how powerful I am. I have many enemies outside, you must not tell anyone that you are very familiar with me, otherwise it will be very dangerous."

"Really." Seeing Chen Xiang’s serious face, Mu Qianxiang started to believe him.

"Yes." Chen Xiang nodded.

"Oh yeah, did you see that Colorful Jinx?" Mu Qianxiang asked again. Previously, when Chen Xiang suddenly ran away, he was to see the Colorful Jinx.

"I see him, but I’m back. It looks like I have to leave this place quickly, someone from Colorful Jinx brought him here on purpose, and that guy is very strong." Chen Xiang said in a serious tone.

"How did you know? Over the years, many experts of the nine clans didn’t understand. You actually knew that after this matter, you must tell my great-grandfather." Mu Qianxiang said.

"Of course, I need to go into seclusion to cultivate for a period of time. That Colorful Jinx will need a period of time to explode, so you can help me protect me from here." Chen Xiang took out the Colorful sacred core, and held it in his hand.

Mu Qianxiang sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang: "Elder Brother Shen, after this matter is over, I will bring you to a place where there are immortal fruits that can help you become stronger.

"En, don’t worry. I will definitely bring you out. I feel that the outside world cannot lack a wild girl like you." Chen Xiang laughed, he had already known that Mu Qianxiang had a fortuitous encounter, if not she would not have progressed so fast.

"It won’t be destroyed by the Colorful Jinx, right?" Chen Xiang was a little worried.

"No, that place is very safe. After the Seven Colored Tribulation passes, I will take out some immortal fruits for my great-grandfather to leave with you. My great-grandfather will agree." As Mu Qianxiang said till here, she felt a little sad. This was something she had been hesitant about all this while.

"Don’t worry. Sooner or later, you will be able to reunite with him. As long as you can become an expert." Chen Xiang said. He knew that it would be difficult for Mu Qianxiang to make this decision.

"I can definitely do it." Mu Qianxiang was very confident: "Go cultivate then, I’ll stay by your side."

Mu Qianxiang saw a Rainbow Pearl in Chen Xiang’s hands that looked very similar to the Colorful Jinx, but she didn’t ask. She suspected that it was an energy stone dropped by the Colorful Jinx, similar to the Spiritual crystal.

activated his cultivation technique and quickly absorbed the energy inside the Colorful sacred core.

Although the Colorful sacred core was small, the energy it contained was extremely vast. The moment Chen Xiang activated his Divine Arts, he immediately felt a large amount of seven-colored energy entering his body. Very quickly, it turned into a seven-colored Innate Qi, entering into his dantian and into the five Beast statue.

"What’s going on with this seven-colored Innate Qi?" Chen Xiang was very surprised, but it did not affect him at all.

"Don’t worry, the seven colors will slowly merge together. Colorful sacred core must be very powerful." Long Xueyi said.

"Yes, there is a lot of energy inside. Originally, it was only the size of a grain of rice, but after refining it, once it enters the dantian, it immediately becomes the size of a watermelon." Chen Xiang said. This way, the amount he could absorb was huge, allowing him to quickly strengthen his Heaven Pellet.

After more than ten days, Chen Xiang was awoken by a burst of violent trembling, while Mu Qianxiang sat at the side with a solemn face.

"It has begun. It used to be within seven days. Who would’ve thought that it would only start after the sixteenth day." Mu Qianxiang sighed helplessly: "I think a lot of my superiors will die."

If Chen Xiang had not taken away the Colorful sacred core, it would have happened within seven days.

"There are quite a few people here. It should be packed." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang walked out of the tent and saw that quite a few tents had been set up. There were even some that were extremely huge and luxurious.

"Come in quickly, don’t go out and cause trouble." Mu Qianxiang pulled Chen Xiang back, and her finger arts told her that Chen Xiang was very good at causing trouble.

"Who are these people that came in here?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Some of the wives and children of big figures would try their best to make their favorite wives and children hide here. As for my father ... He has only brought in eight women, and the others are probably the ones he’s tired of and will probably die on. " Mu Qianxiang said.

"How is your training progressing?" Mu Qianxiang asked.

"Nothing much, it’s only been ten days, what effect can it have?" Chen Xiang shook his head and laughed. He looked at the Colorful sacred core in his hand, but it did not lose any luster at all.

"If it’s me, then it’s effective." Mu Qianxiang smiled proudly: "My cultivation is very fast, and also very stable."

was also very curious about Mu Qianxiang’s cultivation method, it was all other people’s secret, and normally they would avoid other people from getting hot, but Chen Xiang felt that he was very familiar with Mu Qianxiang, so he was not worried, and directly asked: "How do you cultivate, is it only you?"