Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"Someone to thank."

Chen Xiang and Mu Qianxiang both looked outside the cave, but then they trembled all over, because unknowingly, that person had already entered. Furthermore, he was sitting next to the fire, eating the beast meat that Chen Xiang had roasted.

He was a middle-aged man with a small mustache and wrinkles at the corners of his eyes. However, his squinty smile made him look kind. He wore a clean set of white clothes and his figure looked somewhat emaciated. However, he looked very healthy and lively.

He sat there eating the roast meat and said with a smile, "This meat is really delicious, even though I don’t need to eat this kind of food to increase my strength."

"How can you be like this? You haven’t even gotten the approval of others and you’re still eating randomly." Mu Qianxiang frowned, the meat was originally roasted for her to eat.

Chen Xiang tugged at Mu Qianxiang because the person in front of him was very frightening and was not someone Mu Qianxiang and him could deal with.

"This guy is a Scattered Immortal ... You should know who he is by now. " Long Xueyi reminded Chen Xiang.

"You just said that you have to thank me. What are you thanking me for?" Chen Xiang asked.

"You should know who I am now, right? I never thought that in this era there would be someone who knows that Colorful sacred core can be taken away, so you should also know that I’m a Scattered Immortal." The middle-aged man smiled: "My surname is Duan, and I’m Duan Ming."

Chen Xiang said in a heavy voice, "After all these years, many people have died under your Scattered Immortal’s tribulation, don’t you feel a bit guilty?"

Mu Qianxiang started to understand. The guy who was casually eating other people was the one who had attracted the Seven Colored Sky Disaster.

"I couldn’t help it. I was sealed in this place, and in order to escape, I had to increase my strength. In the past, there wasn’t a single person above this place." Duan Ming sighed helplessly.

"Nonsense, our nine clans have been in this place since ancient times." Mu Qianxiang immediately retorted.

Since ancient times, do you nine clans know what kind of place this is? Your so-called nine clans are merely descendants inherited from a group of people who mistakenly entered this place and were unable to leave it. Duan Ming said amiably.

"I came here earlier than you, this is a restricted area of the Sacred Beasts Ancient Realm, it is not a sacred place."

Although Mu Qianxiang was very unhappy with this Duan Ming, Duan Ming was very strong, much stronger than her great-grandfather.

"Then can you take us out?" Mu Qianxiang asked, but she hoped that this guy would bring her to take revenge the most.

"No, I can only go out by myself. I can’t even bring half a person with me, or else I’ll only harm myself and others." Duan Ming said.

Then why did you say you were grateful to my Elder Brother Shen just now? Mu Qianxiang said.

"Little girl, I said I can’t take you out, and I also didn’t say I can’t help you out." Duan Ming laughed heartily: "I am grateful to others, and of course I did not say it out loud. He is equivalent to saving half of my life."

Chen Xiang said: "I won’t leave this place until I obtain the Beast Slain Method."

Duan Ming nodded his head: "So you are not a person from here, you came from the outside, that is your goal, your strength is not strong, but you are able to reach here, not bad huh."

"The Beast Slain Method is the sacred art from the cliff in the Samsara Valley." Mu Qianxiang asked.

"Yes." Chen Xiang and Duan Ming answered at the same time.

"Honestly speaking, even with my current strength, I am unable to enter the Samsara Valley to see the Beast Slain Method. Back then, several powerful holy beasts joined hands to lay a barrier and sealed it, making it difficult to break through." Duan Ming said: "Initially, that was also my purpose for coming here, but my luck was bad. I met a very powerful guy, and was sealed here by him, after several tens of thousands of years, and after the seal had loosened a bit, I was able to escape."

"You can really help us get out. Is it safe?" Mu Qianxiang asked anxiously.

"It’s still safe, but you’ll have to endure a little pain." Duan Ming looked at Chen Xiang and said: "However, this little brother still needs to go find that Beast Slain Method; my method can only be used once every thousand years."

"I’ll convince him. You don’t have to worry about that." Mu Qianxiang was very confident.

"Alright, I’ll go and prepare. We’ll meet here in a month." Duan Ming took another two pieces of roasted meat, and then, under Mu Qianxiang’s gaze, he ran out of the cave.

"This fellow is really..." Mu Qianxiang scoffed, "He deserves to have been sealed for hundreds of thousands of years, he’s not courteous in the slightest."

Of course Chen Xiang was happy to be able to get out safely. It was just that he had not obtained the Beast Slain Method.

"Elder Brother Shen, don’t worry about the Beast Slain Method. I have it, tonight I will bring you to that place." Mu Qianxiang sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang.

"You do." Chen Xiang looked at her in disbelief.

"Yes." Mu Qianxiang nodded.

"Then why didn’t you tell me earlier, didn’t you know that I went to the Samsara Valley for the sake of the Beast Slain Method?" Chen Xiang pinched Mu Qianxiang’s face. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"I just want you to stay here for a few more days. If you can accompany me until the coming of age ceremony, of course I want to leave with you as soon as possible. However, I also want to accompany my great-grandfather." Mu Qianxiang thought of Mu Tianhu and his expression became sad.

"Is the reason why you are able to improve so fast is because you are learning Beast Slain Method?" Chen Xiang was becoming more and more curious about the place, there was actually a Beast Slain Method inside.

"Of course not... "I had fused with a very strange stone, and only later did I find out that it was a Heavenly Dan, my current cultivation was only trying to stimulate the power inside the Heavenly Pill, and the power inside the Heavenly Pill is very strange, as long as it is activated by me, not only will it allow me to obtain a very strong power, it will also strengthen my body." Mu Qianxiang said.

At night, Mu Qianxiang and Chen Xiang left the cave. Under Mu Qianxiang’s guidance, Chen Xiang stepped on the Shrinking step and used the power of space, running wildly in the forbidden grounds of Sacred Beasts Ancient Realm.

This forbidden area was extremely large. When the seven-colored tribulation cloud erupted, although many places were destroyed, there were still many places that could be preserved.

Chen Xiang brought Mu Qianxiang and ran madly for three hours before they arrived at an area with many huge rocks.

"This place seems to have been severely damaged. Is that place still there?" Chen Xiang looked around carefully. This place had also been affected by the Robbery power.

Mu Qianxiang took out a jade pendant and said, "Don’t be afraid, that place isn’t connected to this place."

The jade pendant in her hand suddenly lit up and shot out a ray of red light into the air. A large mass of white light appeared there.

Mu Qianxiang anxiously pulled Chen Xiang, and flew into the ball of white light in the air, now Chen Xiang understood, that place was actually a hidden space.

In that space, there was a house. Chen Xiang and Mu Qianxiang appeared within a yard, and in the yard, there was a tree covered with fiery red leaves. The leaves were not big, but they were densely packed together.

"That is the Immortal Fruit that I said I would give you. It’s like a fire bird, but there are only two." Mu Qianxiang pointed at the two fruits hanging on the tree that were strongly lit by fire, and looked like little phoenixes.

That was a Phoenix Fruit, a medicinal ingredient used to refine pills for the Holy level.

Chen Xiang had already guessed something, he suspected that this place was left behind by the Dan Emperor, but he was curious who obtained the Heaven Pellet from Mu Qianxiang, the Heaven Pellet was definitely not simple, if not Mu Qianxiang would not be able to become a Heavenly Monarch in a few short years.

"The Beast Slain Method is right there, it’s a stone tablet. I didn’t cultivate it because it doesn’t suit me, so there are a lot of good techniques inside the Heaven Pellet." Mu Qianxiang said.

"Xiao Xiang, do you know whose Heavenly Pill is that?" Chen Xiang saw the stone tablet that was engraved with many small ancient words, he immediately knew that it was one of the Heaven Earth Killing Method.

It’s a woman’s, not something left behind after death. It’s because there are many cultivation methods and memories within, but no soul. Moreover, all the energy within has been erased from my consciousness. Mu Qianxiang said: "When I first fused with it, it was so painful that I had to struggle to live, but I managed to hold on in the end."

In order to leave this place, Dan Emperor did not even want his flesh. He had not kept his heavenly pellet, so if the pellet Mu Qianxiang had fused with was not his, then who could it belong to.

"Elder Brother Shen, wait for me here. I will go and prepare something for you to eat. Mu Qianxiang had already ran to the tree and plucked the fiery red leaves.

This Beast Slain Method required him to fuse with it, so he stuck his palm on it and started to read the contents inside. He already had three types of Heaven Earth Killing Method, and after obtaining this Beast Slain Method, he was only missing the last bit to absorb the Heaven Earth Killing Method.

While reading the Beast Slain Method inside the stone tablet, Chen Xiang unknowingly entered a state where he no longer had contact with the outside world. Unknowingly three months had already passed and the Beast Slain Method on top of the stone tablet had already entered his brain, the ancient characters on top of the stone tablet had all disappeared as well.

When he opened his eyes and stood up, Mu Qianxiang ran over with a plate of food.

But what Chen Xiang cared about was not the barbecue on top, but the plate. It looked like a plate, but Chen Xiang felt that it looked like something.

He hastily stuffed all the roasted meat on the plate into his mouth, then carefully examined the "plate".

"This is a lid." Long Xueyi said: "Could it be the lid of the divine furnace?"

Chen Xiang thought the same, as he quickly took out the "plate". It suddenly flashed and became smaller, and then matched up to the divine furnace.

Chen Xiang suddenly swallowed the meat in his mouth, raised his head and laughed loudly.

Right now, he could confirm that the Dan Emperor had once stayed here before. Otherwise, there would not be this lid here.

"What’s this?" Mu Qianxiang looked at the small cauldron in Chen Xiang’s hands.

"Something that can be refined through alchemy or smithing. Back then, I took a huge risk just for this small cauldron." Chen Xiang lamented.

"Elder Brother Shen, you know how to refine pills." Mu Qianxiang asked in surprise.

"Of course I understand, I am very good at pill refining. Heaven Realm has hosted a pill refining competition before, and I was only able to win this small cauldron after getting first place in all three matches, amazing right?" Chen Xiang laughed proudly.