Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Hearing the jade bone, Duan Ming was shocked.

"I wonder if that jade bone belongs to the Dan Emperor."

Other than him, very few humans have managed to produce a Holy Bone. As expected of the Dan Emperor, it was actually able to break through the divine seals set up by the Great Emperor and the others. Duan Ming had a face full of regret: "If he can walk out, then he might be a true Great Emperor after the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord."

Mu Qianxiang listened attentively as he listened to Chen Xiang and the others talk about those important people.

"Although his body did not leave the body, his soul might have left the body. It’s impossible for a person like him to die that easily, I personally buried that pair of sacred bones without any damage, and it was perfectly preserved. I think he gave up on the sacred bones on his own, using his super strong soul to leave this forbidden place." Chen Xiang said.

"Hehe, then doesn’t this mean that he’s the same as me and will have to change his cultivation to Scattered Immortal in the future? If he doesn’t, then he will have to start from the beginning. I wonder how he is now." Duan Ming laughed.

"Senior Duan, you call Ten Heavens Supreme Lord the Great Emperor and whether or not you are his subordinate. I know a Tong Tian Aristocratic Family who has the surname Duan, but he received a curse that caused many people to wither over the years." Chen Xiang’s heart was moved, and he anxiously asked.

I don’t have the qualifications to be a subordinate of the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord, and the Duan Clan that you speak of is my Duan Clan. However, I am just a small servant of the Duan Clan, and only grew up because of the Duan Clan’s guidance did I follow them into the Sacred Beasts Ancient Realm, met those damned devil bats, and mistakenly entered the forbidden grounds. I even met a guy who wanted to steal the treasures of the Sacred Grounds here.

Mu Qianxiang said in a low voice: "I don’t believe you, if you were a little servant, you would know this way of getting out. Even though I don’t understand any restrictions, I do know that since you made so many Spirit grain, you must have studied them for many years and obtained this kind of inheritance.

Chen Xiang thought so too.

"Fine, I admit that I got a lot of importance in the Duan Clan. That year, the Duan Clan’s Patriarch treated me as his family, so I also got some inheritance and our Duan Clan was also involved in setting up this restriction. Afterwards, a catastrophe happened and we were forced to hide in this place to protect our lives." Duan Ming’s expression was somewhat sorrowful. Out of all the family members that had accompanied him back then, he was the only one left alive.

Chen Xiang still felt that this Duan Ming was not simple, because he had already passed through forty-three Scattered Immortal Tribulations. At the moment, his strength could be considered at the top of the nine heavens, even the Dragon Emperor would not dare to speak loudly in front of him.

"Senior, you must know how the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord fell, right? Even until now, the five of them have only been able to understand the details of the great battle that happened in Di Tian." Chen Xiang said.

"I’m not too sure either. At that time, I was still just a small fry and could only escape. At that time, the Emperor gave us a death order to hide and not get involved, but before that, the Emperor also predicted that he would die.

It was Duan Ming’s turn to be curious. "How do you know so much?"

Didn’t I say it before? I know the descendants of your Duan Clan, and what they told me is that their relationship with me isn’t bad. Moreover, they teamed up to deal with those traitorous aristocratic families and sage realm experts. Chen Xiang said.

"Pretty good, but I still think you’re not that simple." Duan Ming laughed.

"My Elder Brother Shen is famous outside. If you don’t believe me, go out and ask around." Mu Qianxiang anxiously said, this was what Chen Xiang had told her before.

"Oh, I’ll find out when I get out." Duan Ming now felt that Chen Xiang was not simple, especially when he wanted to see through Chen Xiang’s Dantian, he only felt that Chen Xiang’s Dantian was extremely blurry, as if he did not have a Dantian.

Furthermore, Chen Xiang knew a lot of secrets, such as that Dan Emperor. If not for Chen Xiang mentioning it, he would have almost forgotten about it.

"How much longer?" Mu Qianxiang asked.

"Soon, about two or three days." Duan Ming’s words made Mu Qianxiang have the urge to vomit blood, and it could even be called fast in two or three days.

Of course she wouldn’t understand the concept of time that an old monster like Duan Ming, who had lived for hundreds of thousands of years, had towards.

Mu Qianxiang was in a hurry to leave this place. Forget about two or three days, she felt like it would take at least four to six hours.

Several hours had passed, and it was already night. At this time, the stone mountain full of Spirit grain s suddenly flickered with a red light, and the Spirit grain on top had already begun to be activated, however, they did not have enough strength.

It wasn’t until the middle of the night that the small mountain finally showed some movement. Suddenly, a beam of light shot out from the peak of the mountain, piercing high into the sky.

"I am already starting to open that exit, and will need some time to gather my strength. If I did not go through forty-three Scattered Immortal Tribulations, I’m afraid I would not be strong enough." Duan Ming was also excited.

"It’s going to attract a lot of people over here." Mu Qianxiang said worriedly.

"What’s there to be afraid of? Anyway, I won’t let them near. Don’t let too many people enter through that exit." Duan Ming said.

In the middle of the night, there was a dazzling pillar of light that reached high into the sky. It was easy to find in this forbidden area.

Right now, there were already quite a few people looking at the pillar of light. Some of the clan leaders also rushed over, thinking that a treasure had appeared.

"He really did attract a lot of people. Fortunately, this guy is here." Long Xueyi said.

"Senior, someone is coming." Chen Xiang pulled Mu Qianxiang closer to him. This would be safer.

"Don’t worry, I won’t let them get close. I will fight with whoever dares to spoil my plans." Duan Ming said with a serious face.

Within the current nine days, there weren’t many people who could make Duan Ming risk his life. Even though the clan leaders who had rushed over were very strong, in the short term, Duan Ming should be even more powerful than him.

"It’s that little girl. Mu Tianhu’s things must be in her hands." When an old man saw Mu Qianxiang, his eyes burned with passion.

"What are they doing? Who is that guy? Could it be that she wants to leave this place with that outsider? Quickly stop them!" Another old man cried out even though he also wanted to leave this place.

"It is you who have plotted against my great grandfather. You bunch of bastards, I will personally slaughter all of you. Don’t kill them. Let them live until I kill you." Mu Qianxiang saw his enemies and shouted angrily.

"Stupid girl, a woman should marry obediently, and not fight and kill everyday. Hand over that old bastard Mu Tianhu’s things." the old man at the front shouted.

"Ha! Who do you think you are? If you tell me to give it to you, I’ll have to give it to you." Mu Qianxiang shouted in anger.

"I don’t want to make a move. You’d better not come any closer." Duan Ming said.

"Humph, you want to leave this place? Stop dreaming!" As the old man spoke, he let out an celestial sword and flew toward Wang Lin.

Duan Ming frowned and bellowed, he spat out a powerful burst of energy that turned into a small tornado of purple lightning, the Immortal Sword was forcibly absorbed by the purple lightning tornado and shattered into pieces, causing the old man’s face to turn green.

"Get the hell away from me." Duan Ming was furious, a purple lightning bolt surged out of his mouth like a gale as it pounced forward like a surging ocean wave.

Even the patriarchs had to be cautious in dealing with it. They were shocked in their hearts, because they did not expect such a dangerous person to appear here, and just by using his mouth, he was able to push them back. If they had been serious, they would have died a long time ago. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"It’s about to start. You should hide this wild girl. Although she can endure it, she should avoid the pain as much as possible." Duan Ming said to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang pulled Mu Qianxiang’s hand, and Mu Qianxiang nodded at him, indicating that he could begin.

In the blink of an eye, Mu Qianxiang had kept Mu Qianxiang inside the Youyao ring and placed him in an elegant room. Although he was inside the palace, he was still far away from Long Xueyi and the others.

Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou were one of Chen Xiang’s greatest secrets, he had to keep them a secret.

Seeing Duan Ming being so powerful, the people of the Nine Clan did not dare to go over, otherwise, the only outcome would be death.

"Let’s go." Duan Ming jumped up and entered the white light beam, Chen Xiang following closely behind.

They were standing within the beam of light. Duan Ming took a deep breath and released a very powerful force that poured into the mountain below. The beam of light became even brighter, illuminating half the sky.

The power that surged out from Chen Xiang and Chen Xiang’s bodies was pushed up into the sky by the perfectly straight pillar of light.

The pillar of light disappeared, and Chen Xiang and Duan Ming also disappeared. At this moment, they were inside a pathway that was surrounded by a myriad of bright lights, filled with a tyrannical spatial energy, causing Chen Xiang to feel as if his body was being pulled by countless of energies, and was being pressured from all directions. It was extremely uncomfortable.

"Young man, your body has already reached the initial stages of Body of Heavenly Sage, right?" Seeing that Chen Xiang acted as if nothing had happened, Duan Ming could not help but to ask in shock.

"Yes." Chen Xiang replied. This level of torture was nothing to him, it merely made him uncomfortable.

To Duan Ming, this was nothing. His body was also releasing its power because he had already been tempered by the Scattered Immortal Tribulation forty-three times.

"Where will we be after we leave? Is it outside the forest?" Chen Xiang asked.

If it was in the past, I wouldn’t dare to wander around the Sacred Beasts Ancient Realm. But now, there is nothing to be afraid of. "" What?

With Duan Ming’s words, Chen Xiang felt at ease.

In just a few moments, Chen Xiang and Duan Ming left the spatial passageway and appeared on top of a wasteland.

"There should be a large number of Night Devil s here." Chen Xiang said in a serious tone, but his heart was excited, because he had left the forbidden grounds.

"That’s right, fortunately it was day time." After Duan Ming finished speaking, he laughed: "You can release that wild girl and let her see how the world outside is like."