Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Not long after Mu Qianxiang left the ring, she was released by Chen Xiang. After exiting the ring, she looked around, and her face was immediately filled with disappointment.

Chen Xiang saw her expression and laughed: "This place is inside that Night Devil Hell, that’s why it is like this. Although it is a Heaven Realm, it is an extreme region within the Heaven Realm, you can just leave after."

Duan Ming also laughed: "Wild girl, with me here, you can easily leave without any danger."

Mu Qianxiang wasn’t too disappointed, it was just that when she came out, she saw and felt that the environment was different from what she imagined, which was why she was disappointed.

Chen Xiang had told her many things about the Heaven Realm before, so she naturally would not think that the Heaven Realm was just like that.

Even Duan Ming felt extremely uncomfortable as he said, "How do we leave this Night Devil Hell now? I’ve been sealed for a very long time, don’t expect me to find the fastest path."

Chen Xiang took out the Directing Celestial Plate. Although there were no Night Devil Hell recorded on it, one could still see the nearest immortal palace from the direction.

"Looks like it’s quite far. The place we’re at should be deep inside the Night Devil Hell. I heard that the Night Devil inside are all very powerful." Chen Xiang said as he took out the map.

After unfolding the map, he quickly found the location of this wasteland. He did not expect that this wasteland had existed for a long time. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"This map should belong to the Dan Emperor. I never thought that I would still be able to see it after so long." Duan Ming immediately pointed out their location.

Seeing that location, Chen Xiang frowned, because this location was very close to the target point of the Phoenix Princess’s map.

"Elder Brother Shen, what’s wrong? Is this place very dangerous?" Seeing that Chen Xiang’s face was so serious, Mu Qianxiang immediately asked.

"Senior Duan, do you have any impression of this place? According to what I know, the Imperial Dragon Clan and the big shots of the traitors have a portion of the map in their hands.

Chen Xiang felt that Duan Ming should know something, but the matter was too far away and he needed to be reminded of something before he could remember.

"This place should still be considered Sacred Beasts Ancient Realm. After so long, this place is still so desolate. Could it be that there is something powerful hidden here that devoured a large amount of life essence?" Mu Qianxiang looked around and felt the evil aura, which made her feel very uncomfortable.

"This place is dangerous." Duan Ming seemed to have remembered something: "Hurry up and leave, I remember now."

After pondering for a moment, Duan Ming suddenly walked quickly in a certain direction.

"What did he think of? What exactly is this place?" Chen Xiang and Mu Qianxiang anxiously followed.

Mu Qianxiang was also very curious, "Didn’t the Dragon Emperor’s map point towards here? Didn’t they say that there were treasures or something similar?"

Duan Ming looked serious. Previously, he had said that he could bring them safely away from this place, but now, from the looks of it, it seemed that Chen Xiang and Mu Qianxiang were not that reliable.

"There is a passageway to hell below here, but there are quite a few treasures there. Back then, a great battle broke out here, and that passageway was created by the aftermath of that great battle. Furthermore, it is very difficult to seal it off." Duan Ming said.

"There really is a hell." Chen Xiang and the others had never been able to figure out where those Night Devil came from, but now, Duan Ming had already told them the answer.

"There really is one. It is said that those who commit heinous acts will have their souls sucked into hell after they die. It is possible that those bat demons were evolved from those souls." Duan Ming said.

Chen Xiang thought back to the place he had passed when he entered the forbidden grounds. There, he had seen the lair of the Night Devil.

This was all caused by the connection between this place and the Infernal Realm.

"During the great war, Saint Beasts died there as well. There were even more human experts, and the things they left behind were like precious treasures to some people now. However, it’s not easy to take them out." Duan Ming replied, "At least I don’t dare to. I heard that there are quite a few Hell Demons guarding that place. Those guys are very strong, and even if they don’t want those things, they wouldn’t let anyone else have them."

"Senior Duan, that Gates of Hell is under our feet." Mu Qianxiang asked.

"It’s more or less at the bottom of this wasteland. Although there won’t be any demons that will escape from the Infernal Realm, many Evil Soul from the Infernal Realm have managed to escape. When the Gates of Hell opened, there were a lot of them." Duan Ming quickened his pace, at that moment, he could already see the blurry figures of some gigantic mountains in the distance.

"We have to leave this place before nightfall. Although we won’t die by then, it will definitely be very troublesome." Duan Ming said: "The time in here is controlled by the Night Devil, so the time during the day is very short."

"So it was controlled by the Night Devil. I thought it was someone else who did it, how could the Night Devil have that kind of power." Chen Xiang had always thought that humans would be involved in the Night Devil.

"They have people helping them, but I don’t know who they are. Before Ten Heavens Supreme Lord died, these Night Devil were already very powerful, and some people even passed down formations to them. This place is close to the Gates of Hell, so all the Night Devil here are the strongest kind." As Duan Ming thought of this, he hurriedly grabbed onto Chen Xiang and Mu Qianxiang, and then ran out of this wasteland as fast as he could.

The memories in Duan Ming’s mind regarding this place started to awaken bit by bit. The clearer the memories, the more nervous he became.

"It’s getting dark." Duan Ming said in a deep voice, "If the group of people from the Imperial Dragon Clan saw the situation outside the wasteland, they definitely would not have come in. No matter who it is, after seeing the powerful Night Devil, even if there are treasures inside, they would not risk entering, not to mention the treasures that are deep within the wasteland."

"At the gates of Hell."

Chen Xiang did not dare to do so either, but it was just that he did not dare to do so now, because his strength was still very weak.

"Xiao Xiang, do you want to go in and hide?" Chen Xiang asked for Mu Qianxiang’s opinion, he felt that it would be better if Mu Qianxiang entered the ring.

"Let’s see what happens first. If it doesn’t work out, then I’ll go in." Mu Qianxiang had just left the forbidden grounds, she wanted to see how the outside world looked like. Even if it was this kind of Night Devil Hell, she wanted to see how terrifying it was.

Night suddenly descended, and in an instant, it had changed from day to night. At this time, Duan Ming brought Chen Xiang and the others and left the wasteland, entering a green forest.