Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had already gotten used to it before, but it was the first time she heard such ghostly wails and wolf howls coming from all directions. After she heard it, her eyebrows immediately knitted together.

"Senior Duan, isn’t a powerful Night Devil supposed to appear during the daytime? When I came in earlier, I saw a Night Devil and a Black Tortoise fighting in the daytime." Chen Xiang asked. If this place wasn’t too dangerous, he would have definitely gone to the Bai Shan YUE to tell him some of the situation inside.

"That’s right, the powerful Night Devil are no longer afraid of the sun, but the truly powerful Night Devil s are all by the side of the Gates of Hell. If they want to be strong, they have to devour a large number of dead souls, and a large number of them will leak out from the Gates of Hell at every moment."

"They absorb the souls of the dead during the day, and at night, they come out to absorb the power of the Supreme Yin from the moon." Duan Ming said.

"Maybe this place has the Night Demon Emperor. Even if the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord is alive, it would be difficult to eliminate him. In the dark night, this kind of person is very strong."

Duan Ming’s words gave Chen Xiang a big shock. He thought that the Night Devil’s strongest possibility would be at the same level as the Bai Shan YUE, but he never thought that it would be an Emperor Level existence.

Every night, the Night Devil Hell would be so noisy. Mu Qianxiang had heard it from Chen Xiang before, and now she was gradually getting used to that kind of noise. It was just that she felt it was annoying.

Duan Ming had a very strong ability to conceal his presence. After all, he was a member of the Duan Clan, and it wasn’t just him who was concealing his presence. He could also help Chen Xiang and Mu Qianxiang hide their presence, so that the Night Devil s wouldn’t sense him.

After they had advanced for more than two hours in the forest, they suddenly heard a sharp shout that sounded extremely terrifying, and the surrounding Night Devil s also quietened down.

"Quick, look at the sky." Long Xueyi shouted.

Chen Xiang and the others were in the forest, the night sky was blocked by dense branches and leaves, and Duan Ming also seemed to have discovered something was going on in the night sky.

Chen Xiang and Mu Qianxiang couldn’t help but exclaim when they saw the scene in the air.

The full moon in the sky was emitting a thick silver light, and that light was being devoured by something underground. Something was actually devouring the moon’s essence at a terrifying speed.

"It’s that group of hell’s old devils. Only when we get closer will we be able to see this, so there should be a lot of Night Devil Kings nearby. These Night Devil Kings can absorb some of the energy emitted by them, so let’s hurry up and leave this place." With Duan Ming leading the way, Chen Xiang and Mu Qianxiang were not attacked by the Night Devil, as he had the ability to prevent them from approaching.

Duan Ming brought Chen Xiang and Mu Qianxiang and hurried on their journey through the night. It wasn’t until dawn broke and the sounds and Night Devil disappeared that they slowed down their footsteps.

As long as I don’t get too close to those Hell Night Devil heads, there’s nothing to be afraid of. I didn’t expect to come out from the forbidden area and land on top of the Gates of Hell. It’s so dangerous. Duan Ming did not finish his words. Chen Xiang and Mu Qianxiang also had lingering fears in their hearts.

"Senior Duan, after we leave the Night Devil Hell, what plans do you have?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Let’s go to some of the old places. Maybe some of my old friends left some important messages behind." Duan Ming sighed, he had lived for a long time, but he did not know about his friends.

It was already dawn, but it would only take four hours. During this period of time, they would not hear those annoying Night Devil shouts, so Mu Qianxiang was in a good mood. Although the place was filled with evil auras that Night Devil had participated in, she still felt that the scenery here was not bad, especially the vast and endless sea and mountains, it made her feel shocked.

"There are people here, and there are a lot of them. They might be the Imperial Dragon Clan and the rest." Duan Ming suddenly sensed that someone was coming over.

"It’s the Imperial Dragon Clan and the rest. They seem to have just arrived here, and are much slower than you." The divine soul that she had released was constantly roaming around her surroundings. As long as any powerful beings approached, she would immediately notify Chen Xiang.

"Do you want to meet with them?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Even if you didn’t want to, they would have come anyway. They’ve already discovered us." Duan Ming said: "I never thought that they would be able to discover us, looks like one of them is a guy that can sense the presence of people around us;"

"That Phoenix Princess is also here. I never thought that he would actually be together with them. Previously, they wanted to eliminate that Phoenix Princess." Long Xueyi found it hard to understand. Phoenix Princess had already met with Phoenix King and should have already told this to her father.

But Imperial Feather Race was still with Imperial Dragon Clan and the others.

"Chen Xiang, it’s indeed you, I didn’t expect you to be here as well." Dragon Emperor and the others suddenly appeared, and all the surrounding trees were destroyed, exposing Chen Xiang and the others to the blazing sun. Moreover, they were surrounded by a large group of people.

When Chen Xiang saw Phoenix Princess, he immediately used the Sound Transmission Technique to ask: "Xue Ying, what’s going on, why are you guys with this group of people?"

"I told my royal father about this, but he doesn’t plan to fall out with the Imperial Dragon Clan here, and I don’t understand what he means." Phoenix Princess hurriedly replied, then asked: "Why are you here too, who’s the person beside you? Logically speaking, since we are walking at the very front, you shouldn’t be able to come so fast."

"I’ll tell you in the future, you better make sure that your Imperial Feather Race people don’t do anything." Chen Xiang warned.

"Don’t worry, my royal father has promised me that he won’t make a move against you. Right now, he will only watch from the side." The Phoenix Princess said.

Mu Qianxiang looked at the people around her with a pair of curious eyes. Previously, Chen Xiang had told her a story about the Imperial Dragon Clan and the Imperial Feather Race, and she quickly recognized that those were the Imperial Dragon Clan’s people. When she saw the Phoenix Princess, she immediately recognized them as well, because Chen Xiang had also told her about the Phoenix Princess’s appearance.

Duan Ming now believed Mu Qianxiang’s words. Previously, Mu Qianxiang said that Chen Xiang was very strong outside, and that he was a famous person.

"What does my presence here have anything to do with you? Does this Night Devil Hell belong to your Imperial Dragon Clan?" Chen Xiang sneered: "However, I am truly surprised that you all made it here alive. You guys aren’t as weak as I imagined."

This group of people had yet to go to the Wasteland, they had only just arrived, but they were almost there. Chen Xiang didn’t want to remind them that they originally brought several hundred thousand people, but now, they only had a few thousand left. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"Chen Xiang, it’s impossible for you to escape now. Obediently hand the thing over." He Feng said angrily, Chen Xiang had snatched away his Immortal Sword twice, and every time, he would cut off his arm.