Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Duan Ming used the Thunder power, which even the evil demons were afraid of. At this moment, the top of Duan Ming’s tightly clenched fists were flashing with purple electric threads, the berserk Thunder power made people feel that he was like the Mother of Lightning, able to release extremely terrifying lightning.

These powerful Night Devil who had caught up only surrounded Duan Ming, because Duan Ming was the strongest. Now that they had surrounded Duan Ming, they regretted it a little, because Duan Ming’s strength was much stronger than they had imagined.

Dragon Emperor and the rest had already returned along the same path, and disappeared from Chen Xiang’s sight, causing Chen Xiang to feel extremely unhappy. He really hoped that group of people would all die.

"Are you going to approach our territory?" A strong Night Devil suddenly said, his voice was gentle, but his tone was gentle, as though he did not want to fight with Duan Ming. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

None of them were stupid. If they were to fight with Duan Ming here, they would be the ones to die.

"No, we were just about to leave. Can’t you see that we are escaping?" He was afraid of trouble. If he killed these few strong Night Devil, maybe those Hell Night Devil outside the gates of hell would come out. The consequences would be unimaginable.

"Then what are you doing here? Isn’t your purpose not to enter our territory?" Their territory was equivalent to their own sacred grounds, if anyone approached them, no matter what price they had to pay, they would have to stop them.

"We came out from another place. We really did land in your territory, but it was only us. That group of people that ran away were not us. They had a map, and they came in accordance to that map." Duan Ming told the truth to the Night Devil s.

"Don’t tell me you came from the forbidden area?" After the Night Devil finished speaking, he anxiously took a few steps back, as though he was facing a great enemy.

"You know the forbidden area." Duan Ming asked curiously.

"That place has caused the deaths of many of our most outstanding companions. How could we not know about it?" The Night Devil had a stern expression. All the people that could come out of the forbidden grounds were powerful, so they were even more afraid of Duan Ming.

Duan Ming laughed: "Now you can let us go, I do not want to become enemies with you guys, we have stayed in the forbidden grounds for too long, I just want to leave quickly."

"One more thing. I hope you can answer me." The Night Devil said.

"Ask. If I can answer, I will." Duan Ming said.

"Is Ten Heavens Supreme Lord’s tomb inside?"

Even Chen Xiang was curious about that Night Devil question, because that Samsara Valley was too powerful. With Duan Ming’s current strength, he wouldn’t be able to enter.

Duan Ming frowned and sighed: "I don’t know either, I once suspected that it was the Samsara Valley in the forbidden grounds, but I can’t confirm, that year, the Great Emperor calculated that he would die, and so he prepared everything long ago. At that time, I was still too weak, so I was unable to find out the core secrets."

"You may leave." When the Night Devil heard that Duan Chong was a person who survived that period of time, he did not dare to stop them for too long and immediately let them go.

These Night Devil s’ duty was to guard this place, but they usually stayed deep underground. It was because when Duan Ming killed the big heads from the traitorous powers, those big heads’ death caused a huge amount of resentment, which then alarmed these Night Devil s.

The four Night Devil s had called the other strong Night Devil back. They could not leave this place, they only wanted to ensure that the strong humans did not approach.

She didn’t expect that everything would be fine so quickly after Mu Qianxiang came out of the ring.

"They didn’t dare to provoke me, so they let me go. It looks like these Night Devil are afraid of death." Duan Ming laughed.

Duan Ming and the others quickly caught up to the people in front of them. They were just the Imperial Feather Race, but when they saw that Duan Ming was not stopped by the Night Devil, they used a secret technique to escape, afraid that Chen Xiang would order Duan Ming to attack them.

"Are you guys okay?" The Phoenix Princess asked.

"It’s fine for now, but I have to leave this place as soon as possible. The strongest Night Devil in here is very scary." Chen Xiang replied.

Seeing Chen Xiang and Phoenix Princess talking like this, he knew that they knew each other, and that they were more familiar with each other.

"Thank you." If not for Chen Xiang and the others, they would not have had much luck.

"You’re welcome." Duan Ming said: "It’s rare for your Imperial Feather Race to have two phoenixes, to both die here at once, which is a loss to Jiu Jiu. Although you guys have the ability to rebirth, it’s not feasible to live in that place, unless you guys are very strong."

That place was a Gates of Hell, and the Night Devil there were all experts in the power of death. The two phoenixes of the current Imperial Feather Race were so young, those Night Devil s could prevent them from rebirth and exterminate them immediately.

The Phoenix King was silent. After thinking for a moment, he turned into a huge phoenix and used a few escape techniques to escape, taking his group of Imperial Feather Race comrades with him.

"Their ancestors were trying to harm them by making them come to this place to die. If the Night Demon Emperor was really born there, perhaps he wouldn’t even dare to act rashly in Great Yan Jing for ten days." Duan Ming shook his head and laughed, "That fellow from the Imperial Dragon Clan actually called himself the Dragon Emperor. Truly shameless, the real Dragon Emperor had once defeated the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord."

This was the first time Chen Xiang had heard of this.

"Really, why is the Dragon Emperor not as famous as the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"That Dragon Emperor is more stupid. After being poisoned by their own sinister dragon, the Dragon Emperor bloodline was massacred." Duan Ming said.

"Your whole family is idiots." Long Xueyi scolded from inside the ring.

Chen Xiang had already guessed that the Dragon Emperor should be the ancestor of the White Dragon Clan, which was why the current Long Xueyi hated the current Imperial Dragon Clan so much. The current Imperial Dragon Clan was equally afraid of Long Xueyi’s revenge, and they were well aware of the White Dragon’s potential, which was precisely because the White Dragon had extremely terrifying potential and innate strength.

It only took more than ten days to get out of Night Devil Hell. On the way, they actually saw that silver-white mountain, which was the Devil-killing Summit.