"She is a Immortal Monarch." Chen Xiang said.

"What?! Immortal Monarch is only eighteen ...." Wu Kaiming was shocked.

"It’s just luck." Mu Qianxiang chuckled.

The dishes had already come, and now Wu Kaiming finally knew why Chen Xiang was so poor, it was because his sister was really too good at eating. He also understood why Mu Qianxiang was so strong at such a young age, it was because the food was very delicious, and people that did not have the ability to digest it, would definitely not be able to eat so many delicacies, it was all very pure energy.

Of course, Chen Xiang also ate a lot, and hid some for Long Xueyi to eat, and since she was found by Long Xueyi, he had to give her a big portion of it.

"Thank you for the hospitality." After Mu Qianxiang finished eating, he thanked Wu Kaiming very politely.

"You’re welcome. Is that enough? If you don’t have enough, you can order more." Wu Kaiming laughed and said. Knowing that Mu Qianxiang had to use this method to cultivate, he became more generous.

"I’m already full, thank you." Mu Qianxiang laughed.

Chen Xiang leaned on the back of the chair and asked: "Little baldy, did Xianxian and the others come?"

Meng’er came with her parents, who are Grandmasters of the Refining World. Divine Sword Immortal Palace invited them here and gave them the best treatment. Wu Kaiming said.

secretly rejoiced when she found out that Xue Xianxian was also here. She had always wanted to see this sister-in-law very much.

Chen Xiang asked: "If I were to let go of some of the Immortal Swords, can I find the parents of the Elder Sister Meng’er, do they have any connections?"

"Of course, they are very good at this." Wu Kaiming said. Chen Xiang had a lot of black goods, so he naturally knew how it happened. If he did not find a large power, it would be difficult to turn him into a Spiritual crystal.

"How about this, you go find Senior Brother, my master is there too. Tell him about this matter, he and Meng’er’s parents are very familiar with each other." Wu Kaiming said.

"Did Xiao Dao and the rest come?" Chen Xiang asked, he also wanted to see this group of old friends of his.

"No, they were taken away by Duan Chong. As for where, we don’t know, so it should be fine. Duan Chong is an elder of your Dragon Subduing School, you don’t have to worry about him." Wu Kaiming said.

Chen Xiang nodded, Duan Chong had also said that he would look for Duan Sanchang previously, but he didn’t expect that he would take away all of the little ghosts so quickly.

"I’ll leave now. Do you want to come with us?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No need, I just came out from them this morning. I still have things to do here, and those are the instructions from the ancestor." Wu Kaiming shook his head.

The ancestor that Wu Kaiming had mentioned should be the Human King Wu Canghong. He was also a very mysterious Ranker, and in Chen Xiang’s eyes, he was not simple.

"Is your ancestor also here?" Chen Xiang asked.

"He’s not here. He has other things to do." Wu Kaiming replied.

After eating his fill, Chen Xiang followed the address that Wu Kaiming gave and arrived at a large tavern which was the trial of a manor. Gu Dongchen was inside one of the medium-sized residences.

"29, it should be this one." Chen Xiang brought Mu Qianxiang to the entrance of a huge house.

"Bro, don’t give me so much food, I’m even embarrassed to eat it." Mu Qianxiang said softly, because she knew that there were a lot of people coming. Although she could eat a lot, those were all people that dared to mess around with Chen Xiang, and in front of a lot of people, she still took her image very seriously.

Chen Xiang laughed, did not say anything, and strongly knocked on the door.

The person who opened the door was a very elegant young lady. Seeing that it was an unfamiliar door, she politely asked, "May I ask who you are looking for?" Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Does Gu Dongchen live here?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Yes ..." "Who are you?" The young girl asked and then looked towards Mu Qianxiang who was covered by a veil.

"I’m his friend and Wang Weiquan is also living here with him, right?" Chen Xiang asked again.

The girl nodded. Although her face was full of suspicion, she was very cautious and did not let Chen Xiang enter immediately. "What’s your name?"

"Are they inside? Just go and tell them that someone is looking for them." Chen Xiang said.

"There are a lot of people looking for them every day, but you’re the first one who doesn’t say his name. What if you’re their enemy, and what’s more, if it’s someone they don’t want to see, I’ll send them out to see you. I’ll be blamed by them." The young girl said.

"My name is Lian Yingxiao." Chen Xiang said, pretending to be the Lotus Island Lord.

"Liar, I’ve seen Uncle Lian before. He doesn’t look like this, he’s much more good-looking than you." The girl grew even more wary.

"I changed my appearance." Chen Xiang said in a heavy voice.

He couldn’t reveal himself now, and he didn’t know the identity of this girl, so he definitely couldn’t say his name.

The girl frowned. "Alright, I’ll go tell him. Wait a moment."

It was his first time seeing his eldest senior brother, which was why he was so polite. Otherwise, he would have jumped over the wall long ago.

Not long later, Gu Dongchen arrived. When he saw Chen Xiang, he asked: "Brother Lian, it’s really you, you usually don’t have a good appearance, could it be that you offended some strong person, and advised you not to stir up trouble everywhere?"

Gu Dongchen looked at Mu Qianxiang who was behind Chen Xiang.

"It’s me, a lad." Chen Xiang snorted. Gu Dongchen was still the same, although he looked very handsome, he was very stingy. From his clothes, one could tell that he was much weaker than Wu Kaiming.

Gu Dongchen was shocked, and anxiously invited Chen Xiang in.

Entering the hall, the young lady poured Chen Xiang some tea and poured him some water.

"Who is this girl? She’s quite pretty." Chen Xiang laughed.

"She’s my master’s daughter, and also my junior apprentice sister." Gu Dongchen said.

The young girl lightly snorted and said, "I already said a long time ago that he isn’t Uncle Lian. Eldest Martial Brother, just who is he?"

Mu Qianxiang had already taken off her veil, revealing her gentle and charming face. She accepted the fragrant tea from the young lady, and sweetly smiled: "Thank you."

"You’re welcome. You’re much more polite than that rude man of yours." The girl whispered.

Mu Qianxiang laughed. "He’s not my man, he’s my brother."

"Oh, then you must not have blood ties." The girl said brazenly.

"Mn, I’m his recognized sister." Mu Qianxiang giggled.

After knowing that Chen Xiang had another sister, Gu Dongchen only cursed in his heart. He said to the girl: "He can be considered your Junior Master now, don’t be so rude. If your father knew about this, you would definitely be scolded."

The young lady looked at Chen Xiang, and was startled. She had never met her Senior Master before, and that Junior Master was a very famous person. She had obviously heard of Chen Xiang before, and she really admired this Junior Master.

"He... He really is that Junior Master. "

Chen Xiang changed back to his original appearance, smiled, and said, "I never thought that I would have such a Junior Apprentice Nephew. What’s her name."

"Wang .... "Wang Xiaoyun."

Chen Xiang laughed: "Don’t be afraid, I’m not as scary as the legends say."

"Uncle-master ..." I’m sorry, but don’t tell my father. " Wang Xiaoyun lowered her head and said in a low voice.

"It’s fine, I won’t say it." Chen Xiang laughed and then took out a Nature fruit, handing it over to Wang Xiaoyun: "This is a small gift from Junior Master to you, don’t be polite."

Wang Xiaoyun did not want it at first, because it was more precious to her, but Chen Xiang had already thrown it over, so she could only accept it.

"Junior Martial Uncle, it seems like you didn’t give me any gifts back then." Gu Dongchen said.

"It’s not like you’re a girl. Moreover, at that time, you were much stronger than me. Don’t you have the nerve to ask me for a present?" Chen Xiang said as his mouth twitched.

Wang Xiaoyun left hurriedly. Not long after she left, she brought Wang Weiquan and Shao profoundyun over.

Wang Weiquan was Chen Xiang’s big senior brother, so he had known about it since a long time ago, but he had never seen him like this. Shao profoundyun had talked to him during the tournament before, so he was very familiar with him.

"Senior Brother, Junior Sister, we’ve finally met. It’s a pity that Master is not here, otherwise, it would have been very lively today." Chen Xiang immediately stood up and laughed.

Wang Weiquan was handsome and muscular, he was taller than Chen Xiang and he was very happy to meet his junior brother. He immediately walked over and patted Chen Xiang’s shoulders.

"Junior brother, you sure are capable. You have made such a name for yourself not long after coming to the Heaven Realm. I am ashamed of myself." Wang Weiquan laughed.

"Shouldn’t mother be senior sister? Why do you call her junior sister?" Wang Xiaoyun whispered.

Shao profoundyun’s elegant face slightly blushed, and she lightly snorted. "Mother took in a master later than him, so I have to strictly abide by these rules, so I can only be Junior Sister."

"Greetings, senior apprentice-brother." Shao profoundyun still respected Chen Xiang a lot, but she had already been subdued by him during the Pill Refining Competition.

"Hehe, no need to be polite, we are family." Chen Xiang laughed proudly.

"This is." Shao profoundyun looked at Mu Qianxiang and asked.

Wang Xiaoyun quickly said, "She is Junior Master’s recognized sister. I remember that there is a white-haired Junior Master."

Mu Qianxiang immediately bowed towards Wang Weiquan and her.

"Junior apprentice-brother, have you seen Master? I haven’t seen him in a long time." Wang Weiquan suddenly asked.

"No, ever since he saved me that time and separated from me, I haven’t seen him. He should be coming this time, but he’s hidden. I’ll pay attention to him." Chen Xiang said: "You have something urgent to find him for."

"It’s the Human King looking for him." Shao profoundyun said: "Oh right, you really went to the Night Devil Hell. I heard that you took the Phoenix Princess away and injured He Feng ... I never thought that second senior brother would be so powerful. "

It’s true that I plotted against He Feng, but I didn’t take Phoenix Princess away, rather, I took her away. The current He Feng and the rest of the people, Fire Divine Palace, Devil-suppressing Divine Palace and the traitors were all attacking Phoenix Princess together. Chen Xiang said: "It must be someone slandering me, it should be He Feng’s group, I never thought that they would be able to return alive."