Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

A few great powers had entered the Night Devil Hell together, and in the end, returned defeated. This matter had caused quite a stir in the Heaven Realm.

As for the inside news, it was only leaked out a little, but it did not sound reliable, but Chen Xiang had also gone, which was what many people believed.

"What happened inside? Who would have thought that so many experts would be together and lose so many people, many famous Immortal Kings couldn’t even come back. As expected of the Night Devil Hell, it could kill so many experts." Wang Weiquan took a deep breath. Initially, he thought that the rumors were not trustworthy, but after hearing what Chen Xiang had said, it should be true.

They have come across a very powerful object. They have a map, and the map leads them to a very terrifying place, where the true Night Devil Hell is. In the depths of that place, there is a spatial gap that leads to hell, and that is also known as the Gates of Hell.

Wang Weiquan, Shao profoundyun and the others all knew about the affairs of the Night Devil s, so Chen Xiang didn’t need to explain too much. Regarding this matter, Mu Qianxiang was also more clear about it, but she wouldn’t say too much because Chen Xiang wanted to hide some things, such as her origins.

"What do the Night Devil look like?" Wang Xiaoyun asked curiously.

"Bat Devil ..." But those Night Devil s are no different from humans. " Chen Xiang said.

"How many of those things are there?" Gu Dongchen asked solemnly.

"There were dozens of people who came to chase us back then. Even Dragon Emperor and the others had to escape, this thing is too powerful." Thinking back to this matter, Chen Xiang still had lingering fear. If not for Duan Ming’s presence at that time, they probably wouldn’t have been able to escape.

Wang Weiquan frowned as he looked at Shao profoundyun. Dragon Emperor was much stronger than them, but facing these Night Devil s, he could only run.

"If they were to leave the Night Devil Hell, wouldn’t that be a disaster for the Heaven Realm?" Shao profoundyun’s face was full of worry.

"They shouldn’t be leaving the Night Devil Hell, they definitely won’t be for a while, if not they would have long come out long ago. I think that because of the Devil-killing Summit, all of these Night Devil have to restrain themselves a little, furthermore, their cultivation resources are very special, so running over to the Heaven Realm is not beneficial to them, unless they are strong enough to conquer the Nine Heavens ..."

Speaking to here, Chen Xiang could not help but shiver: "If it’s really like this, then they are probably secretly raising their strength. When the time comes, they might even leave Night Devil Hell."

Duan Ming had said before, that there might be that sort of Demon Emperor of the Night in the Night Devil Hell.

In these nine days, Chen Xiang didn’t know if there was anyone who could stop a fellow at that level. He had a faint feeling that the Night Devil Hell was much stronger than he had imagined.

"Let’s not talk about all this, this is a matter for the future. Dong Chen, you have to hurry up and become an Immortal King. Otherwise, you won’t even have the ability to run for your life." Wang Weiquan said as he looked at Gu Dongchen.

Shao profoundyun laughed lightly and asked: "Second Senior Brother, you specially came to find us, there must be something that has come up, right?"

"If there’s nothing else, he wouldn’t bother to look for us." Gu Dongchen muttered to himself. Normally, Chen Xiang would rarely show himself, like last time when he went to participate in the pill refining competition.

"He must be looking for a wife." Shao profoundyun laughed.

"Alright, I am indeed here to find Xianxian. I heard that she and her master are both in the same place, so it won’t be easy for me to enter." Chen Xiang said.

"I’ll go find Old Liu right away. If there’s anything urgent, just say it quickly." Wang Weiquan knew Chen Xiang’s current situation. If he was not particularly anxious, he would not reveal himself, as this was extremely dangerous for him.

Wang Weiquan was about to leave, but Chen Xiang anxiously said: "Big Senior, I have a few Immortal swords in my hands, so you know ...."

Wang Weiquan smiled slightly: "I understand, so that’s how it is."

Shao profoundyun and Wang Weiquan left together. Gu Dongchen’s eyes lit up as he looked at Chen Xiang and asked, "Junior master, what is your Immortal sword? Can you open my eyes?"

"One of them is He Feng’s."

Gu Dongchen exclaimed: "I heard that you chopped off He Feng’s hand in Night Devil Hell, but I never thought that it would be true, you even stole the Immortal Sword. This seems to be the second time that someone has gotten hold of this fellow, the first time was during his father’s battle for the throne ...."

At that time, there were already people who suspected Chen Xiang, but there was no evidence. When Gu Dongchen thought back to this matter, his gaze at Chen Xiang became extremely strange.

Who was He Feng, the first prince of Myriad Dan Immortal Country. He once killed a Demon Palace all by himself, the weapons in his hands must definitely be good ones, to actually fall into Chen Xiang’s hands.

"That guy never remembers, but he is indeed very strong. I can only sneak attack him and fight him head on. I’m no match for him."

Chen Xiang acknowledged that He Feng was strong, but that did not mean that he was impossible to defeat, and that he had to use some methods.

"a lad, are there any powerful Immortal Swords on display at this exhibition? Is there anyone willing to take out any famous treasures for auction?" Chen Xiang was more concerned with this matter, because he wanted to help Mu Qianxiang get a good Immortal Sword so that she could go to the Hundreds of Flowers Immortal Country.

"You’re already a Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, but you still have your eyes on those things." Gu Dongchen looked at him with disdain: "You can’t be thinking of going there to steal from me, right?"

"Do you really think I’m that kind of person in your eyes?" Chen Xiang curled his lips and said.

"I said it wrong, you’re not going to steal, you’re going to rob." Gu Dongchen said: "Then He Feng will be snatched away by you two times, it seems that I have to stay away from you when the time comes."

Wang Xiaoyun whispered, "Little martial uncle, can you help me grab one?"

"Little Yun, if your dad finds out about your thoughts, he’ll scold you to death." Gu Dongchen glanced at Chen Xiang: "Little Senior Master, take a look at yourself, you’re bringing a bad child."

Chen Xiang said snappily: "It was you who first said that I was going to steal it. I didn’t say that I was going to do that kind of thing."

In that kind of place, it was very rare for Chen Xiang to do anything foolish like that. Moreover, the appearance of the Divine Sword meant that there was a strong ancient artifact overseeing Divine Sword Immortal Palace.

Wang Weiquan and Shao profoundyun’s parents had returned, and there were even four people following behind them. They were Liu Meng’er’s parents, Liu Meng’er and Xue Xianxian. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Chen Xiang anxiously walked out to welcome him. When Xue Xianxian saw Chen Xiang, he snorted lightly and quickly walked forward, throwing himself into Chen Xiang’s embrace. They had not seen each other for a long time, previously Xue Xianxian had flown up first, and then Chen Xiang came up after a period of time.

"Damn it, I’m so worried." Xue Xianxian said with hidden bitterness, but her beautiful face was filled with joy.

She was definitely very happy that her husband was safe and sound. Although Chen Xiang was not in a good situation right now, he was a character whose name moved everyone, and her husband’s strength made her feel proud.