Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The Golden Roc King still didn’t know who the Small gold eagle was. If he knew that it was Chen Xiang in the future, Chen Xiang said that these people would eat his son, then they wouldn’t be able to escape responsibility.

"What’s there to be afraid of? If there’s anything, that old lunatic will help us carry it. Everyone can eat without worry." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Scoundrel, you’re pulling us into the water." Although Xue Xianxian said that, his eyes was full of smiles.

They felt that it would be better to stay far away from Chen Xiang in the future. Back then, Gu Dongchen had often said that he was acquainted with Chen Xiang, and they would be tricked until they didn’t know each other properly.

"Oh right, what kind of powerful immortal swords will be displayed this time?" Chen Xiang asked, he took out some more Golden Roc meat, but since he had already eaten, no one was worried about him, since it was rare to eat it, they just need to say it.

"I heard that there will be three Holy Swords appearing. I wonder if they will be sold." Liu Meng’er said. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"It shouldn’t be for sale. People with this kind of thing don’t lack Spiritual crystal s." Wang Weiquan sighed: "If I’m going to sell it, I’ll have to get it even if I have to run out of money."

"Not necessarily. Even if something like the Holy Sword were to be sold, it definitely wouldn’t be traded with Spiritual crystal." Song Ying said.

"What do we use without Spiritual crystal?" Chen Xiang asked curiously.

"I don’t know. In short, these things won’t appear in the auction. If those people are willing to sell them, it means that they are missing something. They should be exchanging it for something of equal value." Song Ying replied.

"Junior Martial Uncle, you already have a Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, why are you thinking about a holy sword?" Wang Xiaoyun asked on the side, her mouth full of oil.

Chen Xiang looked at Xue Xianxian and laughed: "Xianxian, do you want the Holy Sword?"

Xue Xianxian shook his head: "I only use my spear, and if I want to refine it myself, then that would be enough to satisfy myself, and right now, I already have that kind of thing, and it’s very easy for others to take it away."

"Junior brother, can you take out your Green dragon demon-slain broadsword to broaden everyone’s horizons? I don’t have a holy sword, but touching the divine blade is also fun." Wang Weiquan laughed, and everyone immediately became excited, especially Liu Zongyu and Song Ying.

Chen Xiang magnanimously took out the divine blade. This blade was meant for him, even if he didn’t want it, he had no choice but to follow him. At that time, the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord had also expended a lot of effort to isolate him.

"Legend has it that the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword was a divine weapon forged jointly by the Azure Dragon and the Divine Craftsman Grandmaster." Liu Zongyu stared at the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword that Chen Xiang took out, and Chen Xiang handed the blade over to Wang Weiquan first.

After Wang Weiquan received it, his expression immediately changed. "It’s very heavy."

Seeing that, everyone was moved, everyone knew what strength Wang Weiquan had, and now, it was extremely difficult for Wang Weiquan to wield the blade, but Chen Xiang was extremely relaxed just now.

"Is that so? I don’t think so." Chen Xiang’s Green dragon demon-slain broadsword had not been given to others for a long time.

Wang Weiquan pulled a long face and used his hands to relax. He then looked carefully at the mighty green dragon on the blade and the complicated yet beautiful Spirit grain.

He then passed it over to Liu Zongyu and Song Ying. They were already mentally prepared when they received it, but they were still surprised.

The Green dragon demon-slain broadsword was indeed very heavy, and it was the same for Chen Xiang when he first obtained it. Liu Meng’er had also seen it back then, but now, it was even heavier than before.

"Why is it heavier than before?" Liu Meng’er had to use the Innate Qi in order to steadily pick it up.

"Could the material of this godly saber be the same as the godly sword in the middle here? Could it be that this godly saber is able to become bigger?" When Liu Zongyu saw those Spirit grain, he felt it was extremely complicated. His master was a Divine Craftsman descendant, the Spirit grain that he learned was left behind by a Divine Craftsman, but now he was completely confused. The Spirit grain that he had learned, could not let him understand the Spirit grain above them.

"This isn’t like the Spirit grain passed down by the Divine Craftsman Ancestor at all. It’s very profound, and it even has multiple combinations." Song Ying furrowed his brows. Previously, she and Liu Zongyu had remembered that it was impossible to keep a lot of Spirit grain in mind, even if Chen Xiang lent them the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, it would still take them a long time to study.

They exchanged the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword with Chen Xiang. After Chen Xiang retracted it, he laughed: "I wonder how strong this divine blade of mine is compared to that divine sword."

"That should be about it. That divine sword is also very powerful. It’s said that it’s one of the two divine swords left behind by the Sword Emperor." Liu Zongyu said.

"Sword Emperor."

"One of the Nine Emperors is a person with a lot of Divine Weapons. Legend has it that he possesses three Divine Swords, and two of them have been passed down to the outside world. Right now, he has one with him." Liu Zongyu said.

I heard that the Sword Divine Palace is also here to participate in this Immortal Sword Conference, so they should be here to cause trouble. Although they each have two Immortal Swords of the Sword Emperor, they have always been at odds with each other, Song Ying said.

Xue Xianxian was surprised: "In that case, this Immortal Sword Conference will have two Immortal swords appearing. It is shocking enough that I thought there would be a few Holy Swords."

"I don’t know yet, but I think that this Immortal Sword Conference was held deliberately by the Divine Sword Immortal Palace to lure the Sword Divine Palace. Liu Zongyu said.

was moved when he heard about the two divine swords, but it was not easy to obtain such a thing, a person who protected a divine weapon like that would definitely be an extremely strong existence.

To be able to obtain a Holy Sword was already not bad, but Chen Xiang only thought about the Immortal Sword. Furthermore, he already had a Divine Blade, so the experience of the Divine Blade was much greater than the two Legendary Swords.

"Xianxian, I never thought that you would already be a Immortal Monarch, you’re always faster than me." Chen Xiang lamented.

"If you could also calm your heart and cultivate like me, you would have definitely surpassed me long ago. Your cultivation isn’t higher than mine, but that doesn’t mean you’re weaker than me." Xue Xianxian laughed.

After they finished the roast meat, Liu Zongyu and the others also left. Originally, Xue Xianxian had wanted to follow Chen Xiang, but he decided to let her stay with Liu Meng’er and the others.

Chen Xiang did not stay at Wang Weiquan’s place for long either, and brought Mu Qianxiang to a hotel to sleep, but before Liu Zongyu left, he gave him two jade plates, allowing him and Mu Qianxiang to participate in the Sword God Conference.

"It’s starting tomorrow. It’s better to have someone we know. It will save us a lot of trouble." Chen Xiang stood in front of the window and stretched his back. At this time, the sky had just brightened and there were many richly dressed people walking on the street.

Mu Qianxiang combed his hair and said: "I never thought that Big Sis Xianxian would be so secretive. I feel that she’s much stronger than she looks."