Early in the morning, Chen Xiang woke up from his cultivation. He was currently cultivating and absorbed the holy energy from the Colorful sacred core.

"From the looks of it, if you completely refine this Colorful sacred core, you should be able to enter the realm of Immortal Monarch. At the same time, it will allow you to lay a good foundation for cultivating Saint Force." When Chen Xiang had obtained the Colorful sacred core, Long Xueyi had already predicted that this Colorful sacred core would be of great help to Chen Xiang, as it would allow him to step into the Immortal Monarch realm even faster.

The Divine Sword Conference had begun, and many people had already entered the auction house. Over the past few days, there had been rumors of the appearance of a few treasured swords, and many people who loved swords had long been eager to watch the event.

The location was inside the Divine Sword Palace, and entering it required a jade plate. Previously, Liu Zongyu had given him a jade plate, but now, Chen Xiang was using that jade plate to enter the auction house.

After entering, he immediately felt many powerful auras. In this bright exhibition hall, there were many transparent cabinets. Inside were many sharp longswords and luxurious scabbard.

There were many famous swords, there were dozens of high-grade immortal swords, and each one was different. The original owners of the swords were all famous people who had died, and Divine Sword Palace had spent a large amount of Spiritual crystal to purchase them, just for the sake of collecting.

This could also be said to be the Divine Sword Palace’s Hidden Sword Pavilion.

Chen Xiang suddenly saw Liu Meng’er and his group, Liu Meng’er brought Xue Xianxian, who was following him, and observed the famous swords, Song Ying explained.

Not seeing Mu Qianxiang following Liu Meng’er, Chen Xiang believed that Mu Qianxiang had successfully entered the Hundreds of Flowers Immortal Country.

Those who were able to enter this place were all people with a certain amount of status. Thus, even if they saw a few famous people here, they would not make a ruckus and would act with great restraint.

Chen Xiang travelled through the crowd and heard that the Flower Emperor had also come. He wanted to confirm that Mu Qianxiang was not by her side because only the Flower Emperor could guarantee her safety.

"Over there." Chen Xiang saw Mu Qianxiang. She was dressed in a simple and elegant white dress with a veil covering her face, and with every step she took, she walked with a few elegant and elegant girls in white dresses.

When the purple dressed lady appeared, many people had already guessed that she was Hundreds of Flowers Immortal Country. Her jade face was covered with a purple veil and her pair of beautiful eyes carried a sense of majesty, but it did not lose any of their charm.

"As expected, it’s her. I didn’t expect her to become even more powerful. Back then, she was a very powerful female expert." Su Meiyao sighed.

"It’s been so long. I wonder if she still remembers us." Bai Youyou said: "You should be relieved now that the wild girl is by her side."

Chen Xiang was relieved, but he quickly became nervous again, because he saw a thin old man bringing a group of people over.

The old man walking in front had a head of short white hair, some wrinkles on his face, and his eyes were filled with a divine light. When he walked over, the swords in the transparent display cases began to tremble slightly, as if he was a sharp divine sword.

Seeing Ding Xingyao behind the old man, Chen Xiang knew that the old man should be the Sword Divine Palace Lord, Ding Wuzhong.

Only this kind of old fogey would have such a powerful sword Qi on him. This kind of person would be able to reach the realm of ’one with the sword’ in the way of the sword.

"He should have a Sword Soul on him as well." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang had a bad premonition and anxiously went over. Right now, many people were looking at Ding Wuzhong, he was a renowned Ranker in the Nine Heavens, not only did he have a divine sword, he even had an unrivaled sword technique.

And now, Ding Wuzhong was walking towards the Flower Emperor.

"Great Grandfather, that woman." Ding Xingyao pointed at Mu Qianxiang and shouted.

Although the Flower Emperor didn’t have the power of the Ancient Emperor Level, with her current rate of growth, many people believed that she would become an existence of that level in the future.

She was currently very calm, obviously knowing the reason for Ding Wuzhong’s visit. Mu Qianxiang should have told her some things.

"Xingyao, go and invite that woman over. I guarantee that no one will dare to stop you." Ding Wuzhong suddenly said, shocking everyone, they all stepped aside.

The people of the Sword Divine Palace actually wanted to snatch the people of the Flower Emperor at the convention held by the Divine Sword Palace. This was too crazy.

Even Chen Xiang didn’t think that Ding Wuzhong would do this.

Ding Xingyao had already walked over, and the Flower Emperor was frowning. A light aura surged out from his body, wanting to stop Ding Xingyao, but in that instant, Ding Wuzhong suddenly disappeared, and when he appeared, he was already in front of Flower Emperor with a wooden sword. The wooden sword was in his hand and the sword tip was low on Flower Emperor’s jade neck.

’s killing intent could be felt by everyone. Furthermore, the sword in his hand was not a wooden sword, but a divine sword, only that it looked very much like a wooden sword.

"If you want to protect that girl, then you must die. She is extremely important to me, Ding Wuzhong, and I am willing to risk my life." Ding Wuzhong said coldly.

Ding Xingyao had originally been a little worried, but now that he saw his great grandfather being so powerful, he was secretly happy in his heart as he walked quickly towards Mu Qianxiang, whose face was filled with fear.

If you can take her away today, my Hundreds of Flowers Immortal Country will not rest until death with your Sword Divine Palace. You have the divine sword in your hands, I am indeed not your match, but this does not mean that I will be afraid of you. Flower Emperor’s cold voice carried a trace of anger, but she was still very calm, showing that she had a trump card.

"I am willing to sacrifice the entire Sword Divine Palace, I will not think too much about it. Even if the Divine Sword Palace blocks me, today I will risk my life and die fighting to achieve my goal." Ding Wuzhong’s voice was filled with determination and madness. It seems that he has already decided to throw caution to the wind.

To him, the Sword Emperor’s legacy was too important.

"It would seem that this old fellow is going to die soon. Only by obtaining the Sword Emperor’s inheritance will he be able to reach a breakthrough. That’s why he is so reckless." Long Xueyi said: "Since the people from Divine Sword Palace did not make a move, it seems that they do not plan to fight to the death with this old fellow."

Chen Xiang clenched his teeth. He brought Mu Qianxiang out with him, and he even promised Mu Qianxiang that he would give her a good sword. This woman who had just walked out of the forbidden grounds and lost her closest friend was filled with boundless curiosity and longing for the outside world.

Mu Qianxiang was engulfed by the strong pressure and was unable to move. She never thought that her Heaven Pellet would allow such a strong person to snatch it at all costs.

Chen Xiang had already stepped forward, he had already made the decision to not let Mu Qianxiang fall into the hands of the Sword Divine Palace. Although his strength was extremely weak, he had to do it.

"Brat, don’t be afraid. I brought that wild girl out. I’ll support you from behind if anything happens." 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Chen Xiang who was in the middle of advancing, suddenly heard a sound transmission in his mind, it was actually Scattered Immortal Duan Ming.