Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was overjoyed. He quickened his pace and a short dagger appeared in his hand.

"Don’t even think about touching her." Chen Xiang traveled through space, and suddenly appeared in front of Ding Xingyao.

"It’s you." Ding Xingyao laughed coldly: "It’s good that you came, I’ll take care of you together with me. Don’t worry, if I don’t kill you, I will cut off your limbs."

Chen Xiang’s current appearance was from the first time he met Ding Xingyao.

"Who is he?" Ding Wuzhong asked.

"That girl’s follower is only a bit capable. I am able to take care of her." Ding Xingyao pulled out a sword that was glowing with a cold light, releasing a burst of cold Qi, causing the surroundings to become much colder.

Liu Meng’er had already recognized that it was Chen Xiang and she was secretly anxious. Liu Zongyu and Song Ying also knew that Mu Qianxiang was in danger and they were secretly contacting the people of Divine Sword Palace but Divine Sword Palace had not responded yet. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"Dog slave, this isn’t how you should die even if you want to. Do you think that just by not living like this you can make your master give you another bone to eat?" Ding Xingyao swayed the Immortal Sword in his hand, and laughed coldly: "This sword is the worst Immortal sword I have, but I still feel that it is a disgrace to use it to kill you."

Chen Xiang held the dagger tightly in his hand and said indifferently, "I am not her follower, I am her brother."

Ding Xingyao was slightly shocked, the moment that he was distracted, Ding Wuzhong shouted loudly: "Be careful."

After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he suddenly made his move. The ordinary-looking dagger suddenly shone with a miserable red light, which made people feel that it was extremely strange. The dense demonic Qi caused some of the demons and fairies present to feel fear.

Chen Xiang and Ding Xingyao were only separated by three steps, and Chen Xiang’s attack speed was extremely fast, so he had to travel through space. Although the dagger was short, when Chen Xiang channeled all the power in his body, the Devil emporer dagger would be like a drizzle, filled with limitless power, emitting a dazzling blood-red light.

The red light on top of the Devil emporer dagger had disappeared, but it was already filled with red blood, and the dagger had been stabbed halfway into Ding Xingyao’s throat. Although Ding Xingyao was not dead, his blood still gushed out crazily, all of it entering the dagger, and everyone could see it clearly.

Even the knowledgeable Ding Wuzhong did not know where this dagger came from, it was actually so powerful, comparable to some holy weapons. The Immortal Sword that Ding Xingyao just raised, just touched the dagger, and it shattered into pieces.

Chen Xiang slashed with force, cutting half of Ding Xingyao’s throat, when suddenly, a monstrous killing intent surged out from his left hand. His Killing-god heart was jumping, and with an angry roar, he activated the three killing energies in the Heaven Earth Killing Method, causing the Heaven and Earth God Triple Murder Upanishads to fuse together.

"Die." Chen Xiang who brought along endless killing intent, suddenly roared out hoarsely, his fist releasing black smoke, as though multiple black dragons were churning, roared with killing intent, and smashed towards Ding Xingyao’s Dantian.

"Stop." Ding Wuzhong suddenly ran away from Flower Emperor, but he was too slow, Chen Xiang’s attacks were very fast, when he realised how terrifying Chen Xiang was, it was already too late, Chen Xiang’s fist had already landed on Ding Xingyao’s body.

The power on the fist disappeared, and the roar became weaker, as though his life was slowly disappearing. Ding Xingyao’s body turned into black smoke, and with the killing intent dissipating out of the body of the fist.

Ding Xingyao, who was reputed to be unrivalled under the Immortal Monarch, was actually killed by a single punch from a mysterious person.

"You’re dead meat." Ding Wuzhong roared, the divine sword in his hand pierced towards Chen Xiang.

The furious Ding Wuzhong, regardless of speed or strength, was unleashing to the limit. The entire arena started to shake due to his anger and if it wasn’t for the protection of the powerful formation here, it would have already been turned into ruins.

Chen Xiang stood there, staring at the divine sword thrusting towards him. Although it was quick, it became very slow in his eyes, and he could clearly feel the terrifying strength Ding Wuzhong was exuding. Even if he used all his strength, he might not be able to block it.

"He won’t die." A middle-aged man with a thin beard appeared all of a sudden. He had a faint smile on his face.

What was shocking was that while they were talking and laughing, he actually used his bare hands to grab Ding Wuzhong’s divine sword.

"You ... "Who are you?" Ding Wuzhong’s anger suddenly disappeared, and was instead replaced with fear. His sword attack that he used his full strength for, was actually easily resolved by someone else.

"Someone who stole your divine sword. Someone like you isn’t qualified to use it." Duan Ming’s smile suddenly disappeared, carrying a trace of anger. He tightly held onto the divine sword’s tip, and then, with lightning speed, he kicked Ding Wuzhong’s leg, sending him flying.

Ding Wuzhong let out a blood-curdling scream. His body smashed through a few thick walls, and he didn’t know if he was still alive or dead.

"Senior Duan ..." "Thank you." Seeing that it was Duan Ming, Mu Qianxiang was secretly happy in her heart, and sweetly shouted out. "Sorry for the trouble."

"It’s no trouble at all. If it wasn’t for you, I wouldn’t have been able to lure that guy out. If he were to hide in that place, it would instead be difficult for me to find him. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have been able to obtain that Divine Sword." Duan Ming said while laughing, and then put away the divine sword. After that, his body gradually became fainter, and finally disappeared, but he did not know how he walked.

After Duan Ming left, the Flower Emperor looked at the Sword Divine Palace’s group and lightly waved his hand. A few giant flowers suddenly appeared on the ground and swallowed all those people.

"Sigh... If you are too slow, the divine sword will be mine. " The Flower Emperor let out a faint sigh, and then looked at Chen Xiang reproachfully. If it wasn’t for Chen Xiang, they might have been able to proceed according to her plan.

An old man laughed: "It doesn’t matter, although you won’t be able to get the Sword Divine Palace’s divine sword, but you might be able to get the Dragon Subduing School’s Green dragon demon-slain broadsword."

The white clad old man who had suddenly appeared looked at Chen Xiang with a smile. Chen Xiang’s identity had already been exposed.

"Looks like there are still many experts hidden in the Nine Heavens. Elder Dai, you should also be careful of your divine sword." The Flower Emperor chuckled.

The old man who suddenly appeared was the Palace Lord of Divine Sword Palace, his name was Dai Yongcheng, his strength was said to be on par with Ding Wuzhong, he should be as powerful as.

Now everyone understood, the reason why Divine Sword Palace did not make a move just now, was to let Flower Emperor have the right to take advantage of Ding Wuzhong’s divine sword, but Chen Xiang, whose heart was burning with anxiety, suddenly jumped out and killed Ding Xingyao. When Ding Wuzhong was attacking Chen Xiang, Duan Ming rushed out halfway and snatched away the divine sword.

"Dragon Subduing Leader, I hope my eyes aren’t blurry." Dai Yongcheng looked at Chen Xiang and laughed.

"Hmph, you’re actually using my sister as bait. Serves you right that the divine sword didn’t fall into your hands." Chen Xiang snorted, and looked at Flower Emperor in annoyance.

Chen Xiang had changed back to his original appearance. After a trip to Night Devil Hell, all the great powers that had grudges against Chen Xiang suffered a great loss of strength. Now that none of them had come, Chen Xiang had nothing to be afraid of.

"If you want my Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, then come and snatch it if you have the guts." Chen Xiang knew that Duan Ming had not gone far. As a member of the Duan Clan, his concealing skills were at the peak of perfection.