Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

The person who had killed Ding Xingyao just now was Chen Xiang, and he had even used such a strange method of cultivation.

"You used the Heaven Earth Killing Method just now right?" Dai Yongcheng said in a serious tone.

"That’s right, the Heaven Earth Killing Method has a total of five parts, Celestial Slain Method, Ground killing, God slain method, Beast Slain Method, Beast Slain Method, I only obtained one, don’t think that I have everything, the reason I entered the Night Devil Hell, is because that was originally the Sacred Beasts Ancient Realm, and there is the Beast Slain Method, but I did not get it."

This was the first time Chen Xiang talked about the Heaven Earth Killing Method in front of everyone, and he also lied a little here, so as to not let others think that he had truly obtained the complete Heaven Earth Killing Method.

Chen Xiang had already obtained the Beast Slain Method, and Mu Qianxiang had even helped him obtain it. However, she did not reveal the truth, and would not tell anyone else in the future either. She understood Chen Xiang’s intention.

"I heard that the Flower Emperor controls the Alive Slain Method, and the move that she revealed just now released a powerful creature out of thin air. The creature is a man-eating flower, and it also possesses a powerful and terrifying power as it creates a powerful life form for killing. This should be one of the profound mysteries of the Alive Slain Method." Chen Xiang said as he looked at the Flower Emperor, he was only short on Alive Slain Method now, and he had his suspicions earlier on, because he saw the moves of the Flower Emperor just now, it made him even more suspicious.

"No." Flower Emperor immediately denied it: "Even though your recognized sister is my disciple, it doesn’t mean that you can speak nonsense. Don’t harm me."

The fact that the Flower Emperor accepted Mu Qianxiang as his disciple also made Chen Xiang feel a lot more at ease. He laughed: "That might be because I’m too sensitive.

"Leader Dragon Subduing Sword, although this is a great exhibition of swords, if there is some excitement, you can also reveal some other divine weapons, that dagger of yours is already not bad, can you let us have a look at it, or can I help you appraise it, this way we can make the dagger’s value higher." Dai Yongcheng said while smiling.

"That’s right, not only does the Dragon Subduing Leader have Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, he even obtained a divine cauldron forged by a Divine Craftsman, as well as a mysterious and powerful dagger. I heard that your pill furnace is even the legendary Yanlong furnace, and you can show it to me." A middle-aged man beside Dai Yongcheng also laughed and said.

Chen Xiang laughed coldly in his heart: "I still have Hammer of God, profoundwu diamond armour, and Slaughter God’s Hand. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"I don’t think there’s a need for that. These are all things that take up a lot of blood. It’s too unlucky to take out this item."

Chen Xiang said, he did not want to stay any longer, he just wanted to leave this place quickly, and change his appearance to sneak in, and think of a way to give a sword to Mu Qianxiang. Although Flower Emperor might help Mu Qianxiang find the sword, Chen Xiang had promised Mu Qianxiang, so he had to do it.

"That’s a pity." Dai Yongcheng sighed, feeling very regretful.

Dai Yongcheng walked to the center of the competition grounds and constructed a tall platform. Standing on it, he said: "This is the competition grounds, but not all swords must be used. The other divine weapons can also be used to compete with the experts here, I believe that most of the people here today will be armed with weapons."

"If you want your weapons to become famous weapons, you have to go through trial and error. The fastest method is to defeat famous experts, and the immortal swords displayed here are all weapons that have gone through hundreds of battles and drank the blood of many famous experts."

"In that case, if you want your weapon to become famous, go up and compete with others." one of them asked.

"That’s right. Furthermore, the person who loses must hand over their weapon to the other party. Who dares to come up?" Dai Yongcheng looked at everyone.

"Naturally, the contestants are all of similar strength. If anyone has such thoughts, they can come up and reveal their weapons and see if they can attract the attention of others." Dai Yongcheng said again.

"With Chen Xiang here, he has a Divine Weapon. Once the Divine Weapon appears, all of us would definitely be finished. Someone mocked himself.

"That’s right, the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword is invincible and can kill Gods and Demons, we don’t dare to go up."

Everyone agreed.

"In that case, I agree that we can’t use divine weapons. Also, during the competition, we can only use similar weapons. That should be fine, right?" Dai Yongcheng laughed, he was a kind person, although he was a strong Ranker, no one could feel that he had that kind of arrogance.

Wang Weiquan shouted, "Old Dai, your Divine Sword Palace should have quite a few Holy Swords, right? If you ask a fellow who wields a Holy Sword to go up there, I’ll go right away.

"If you want to use your trash to fight against the Holy Sword, then the Divine Sword Palace will suffer a huge loss." One of them laughed.

"If he can’t even win against my trash with the holy sword, then it’s just a waste in his hands. Using the holy sword to defeat him with junk is proof that I’m more suited for using the holy sword." Wang Weiquan laughed out loud: "Old Dai, do you dare? Otherwise, this Immortal Sword Conference will be too boring. We can’t afford to buy it, but we can still fight it out with our seniors."

"Yeah."

"Quick, get on the sacred sword."

Many people joined in the commotion.

Dai Yongcheng laughed helplessly. "Alright, but if we were to use our holy swords, you guys can’t just swarm over and beat up our swordsmen right?"

"If you allow the swordsman holding the holy sword to go up, then we’ll first compete with the one below, and then we’ll fight the one who wins." Wang Weiquan said with an excited voice, because this meant that he had a chance to win against the holy sword.

Those were all Immortal Kings, if not Chen Xiang would also like to join in on the fun, he could only watch and sigh, if he was an Immortal King, he might even win.

"Alright, those who wish to participate, register first and then quickly decide the victor. In the end, let’s compete with our swordsmen here on the Sword Discourse Arena." Dai Yongcheng said: "You all can go to our Divine Sword Palace’s competition grounds first."

Wang Weiquan rushed to register in excitement. The majority of the Immortal Kings present all attended, so Liu Zongyu and Song Ying were not interested in the holy sword at all. They were originally artificers, they did not like to use weapons refined by others, even if it was holy swords.

Chen Xiang had not left yet, but he walked into the Sword Discourse Arena. When Dai Yongcheng saw him, he laughed: "Leader Subduing Dragon, you cannot use a Green dragon demon-slain broadsword to bully others."

"I don’t need the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword. Can I use the Fire Dragon Sword?" Chen Xiang asked.

Hearing the Fire Dragon Sword, everyone thought that Chen Xiang was wrong. Chen Xiang killing the son of the Dragon Emperor, obtaining the Holy Dragon Sword, and even piercing the Dragon Emperor was something that everyone knew, but now he actually had a Fire Dragon Sword.

The Fire Dragon Sword was also a holy sword, and it was not weaker than the Holy Dragon Sword.

Dai Yongxin suspected that he had misheard. "It’s the Holy Dragon Sword," he said.

"It’s a Fire Dragon Sword. If it’s the Holy Dragon Sword, no one would dare to use it." Chen Xiang said seriously.

If this was known by the Dragon Emperor, they would definitely return everyday. But the Fire Dragon Sword were different, even though it was also the holy sword of the Imperial Dragon Clan, but there were no powerful fire dragons in the Imperial Dragon Clan, so some of the stronger powers still dared to accept it.