Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Facing a Devil Cultivator who had become so berserk, Chen Xiang was actually very calm, and instead, a little excited. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"Teacher, can my brother beat this guy? How terrifying." Mu Qianxiang watched the ferocious and fearsome Xiang Wencheng from behind Flower Emperor and was a little worried for her.

"That person came from Mo Tian, and used the Thunder Demon Possession from the Berserk Thunder Blood Art. That’s why he became like that, and your brother is famous for using the Devil-suppressing holy power, so you don’t need to worry. This way, it would be even easier for him." The Flower Emperor caressed Mu Qianxiang’s hair and laughed softly. It could be seen that she liked her new disciple a lot.

"Does this fellow not know that my husband is the easiest to deal with fiendish demons?" Xue Xianxian shook his head, there was no suspense anymore.

"Hmph." Xiang Wencheng heard the discussions of the crowd, and knew that he was courting death, so he snorted in disdain.

The originally relaxed Chen Xiang’s face suddenly became serious, he felt that something was amiss, this Xiang Wencheng was not that simple.

"What’s that?" Just now, he had sensed that there was another kind of terrifying power within Xiang Wencheng’s body.

Just as Chen Xiang was startled, a red light flashed from Xiang Wencheng’s body, unexpectedly turning into numerous lightning bolts, striking him from all directions.

Such a big person had just vanished into thin air. Moreover, it had turned into many streaks of lightning. It was unbelievable.

In this instant, the faces of the higher ups of the powers who thought that Chen Xiang could win for sure turned solemn, because they had all thought of something.

In the instant that the ten blood-red streaks of lightning flashed, they had already struck his body, bombarding his four limbs and a few vital spots on his body, and all hit, and had even exploded on Chen Xiang’s body.

After the Violent Thunder Attack, there was still a red lightning that enveloped the Sword Discourse Arena. Especially above it, it was extremely dense.

Black smoke came out of Chen Xiang’s body, his expression was somewhat ugly, some of the tiny red electric currents flowing around his body. He stood there, his body twitching slightly, as though he was being struck by the remnant Thunder power.

The waves of red lightning suddenly merged together, and Xiang Wencheng appeared again. Furthermore, right above his head, he held onto his sword with both of his hands, and like lightning he descended from the sky, he slashed down towards Chen Xiang.

This came very suddenly, many people did not expect Xiang Wencheng to turn into lightning, it was their first time seeing it, they had never even heard of it before.

That terrifying electric current was flowing through Chen Xiang’s body, he was unable to move, he could not let that sword slash on his body, or else his profoundwu diamond armour would appear.

"I can only use that one." Chen Xiang clenched his teeth, and thought: "Spatial Barrier, appear."

The location of the big blood lightning sword’s slash was on Chen Xiang’s shoulder, it seemed that Xiang Wencheng had shown mercy, and only intended to cut off Chen Xiang’s arm that was holding the sword.

Seeing that he was about to defeat Chen Xiang, Xiang Wencheng became extremely excited and his strength became even more violent.

The anxious Mu Qianxiang suddenly closed his eyes, and did not dare look, just at that moment, Xiang Wencheng’s expression froze, because when his sword touched Chen Xiang’s shoulder, he did not chop off his entire arm, but instead directly went through Chen Xiang’s arm. It was as if his arm was air, and the arm did not get cut off.

This was simply too strange, Chen Xiang was actually fine.

"I have gathered enough strength. Form Displacement Transposition." Chen Xiang suddenly disappeared and arrived at the side of the Sword Discourse Arena. At the same time, he channeled his Devouring magic kungfu and devoured the violent Thunder power that had entered his body.

Xue Xianxian and Liu Meng’er had also been sweating on Chen Xiang’s behalf, and now they both secretly heaved a sigh of relief. Liu Meng’er wasn’t really that worried, because she knew that Chen Xiang had profoundwu diamond armour s protecting him.

"That’s not the Thunder power of the Devil Dao." Chen Xiang said, and the red electric wire coiling around his body had already disappeared.

"That’s right, that is just a cover. The cultivation technique I cultivate is similar to the Berserker Thunder Blood Demon Art, but it is completely not. I am not a Devil Cultivator cultivator." Lightning once again emerged from Xiang Wencheng’s body. Even though Chen Xiang had dodged that strike, he was still filled with confidence.

"He should be the descendant of the Thunder Sovereign, the Thunder Sovereign of the Nine Emperors and Five Venerables." Her voice was very soft, but it floated in front of Chen Xiang’s ears, as if she had purposely told him about Xiang Wencheng’s origins.

Xiang Wencheng laughed loudly, "That’s right, I am from the Heavenly Thunder Domain, and we also have Divine Weapons in the Heavenly Thunder Region. However, I am not qualified enough to obtain them, so I can only try my luck.

"Chen Xiang, I must defeat you today."

The lightning on his arms flashed and struck out a muffled thunder. The greatsword in his hand flew out of his hands and straight towards Chen Xiang. At the same time, Xiang Wencheng turned into numerous red lightning bolts and attacked Chen Xiang like last time.

"It’s not that easy." Chen Xiang stomped his feet, and a taiji diagram suddenly appeared beneath his feet. This black and white taiji diagram was spinning extremely quickly, the White Dragon Black Dragon was flying and howling beside the diagram.

The moment the Tai Chi Dragon Formation appeared, the lightning that was originally going to hit his body immediately went into the ground and was completely absorbed by the Tai Chi Dragon Formation.

"It really is the Tai Chi Dragon Formation. It seems like this kid has met quite a powerful opponent." Wang Weiquan had already returned. Looking at his expression, one could tell that he had obtained pretty good results. He was Huang Jintian’s eldest disciple and also understood the Taiji Dragon-suppressed kungfu.

After that, Chen Xiang started to scream again, releasing a sharp and ear-piercing sound, causing the red electric light to gradually weaken.

"What kind of contribution is this? The sound is so unpleasant to listen to, it’s so unbearable."

"It feels so bad."

"It’s the Sound Kill Magic Power. I wonder how he obtained it, if it was an ordinary person being hit by such a sound, their body would have exploded." Dai Yongcheng said in surprise: "I never thought that he also knows devil arts, and even this kind of rarely seen devil arts."

"This isn’t a competition of swords at all, this is a contest of one’s own mystical arts." Dai Yongcheng shook his head helplessly.

Chen Xiang unleashed the Tai Chi Dragon Formation, absorbed Xiang Wencheng’s Thunder power, and at the same time, used the Sound Kill Magic Power to shatter the gathered Thunder power.

"You won’t be able to beat me like this."

Suddenly, the red lightning bolt that was striking him turned into a person, Xiang Wencheng appeared and attacked him from the side. His muscles were no longer as terrifying, it seemed that the energy he had gathered had been weakened a lot by Chen Xiang, but the large sword in his hand still had a berserk Thunder power on it.

The attack was extremely fast, but when it came to Chen Xiang, it was like slow movement to him, and it was slowed down by a lot, while his Killing-god heart began to throb inexplicably, the killing intent around his body started to surge out like ocean waves, enveloping the entire competition grounds.

Chen Xiang suddenly felt a strange power coming out from the Killing-god heart.