Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing Chen Xiang suddenly stop, Duan Ming knew that Chen Xiang had made a huge discovery, and was waiting quietly at the side.

Regarding Duan Ming, Chen Xiang had interacted with him for a period of time. Duan Ming was already a strong person, if they wanted to take him down, they could already do so.

Seeing Chen Xiang open his eyes, Duan Ming anxiously asked: "Found it?"

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "There are a lot of messy information inside, I need to find the correct ones to combine them, and only then will I be able to find the destination."

"Looks like this will take a very long time. No wonder that old fellow from the Xie Clan plans on using it for a few decades." Duan Ming said.

"No need, I’ve already pieced it together." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Where?" Duan Ming asked in shock.

"I’m afraid that we have to make a trip to Long Tian’s place, Evil Emperor actually hid the East Hidden Province in Long Tian’s place." Chen Xiang felt that this was a little tricky. If Evil Emperor really had something in Long Tian, there was no way he wouldn’t know.

"I heard that the Imperial Feather Race is currently also in Long Tian, but as a whole, the Imperial Dragon Clan is powerful, so the Imperial Dragon Clan is controlled by Long Tian."

Seeing Duan Ming’s solemn face, Chen Xiang said: "You’re so strong, what else do you have to be afraid of."

Although I am strong, that does not mean that I am invincible. The strongest guy in the Imperial Dragon Clan is not the Holy Dragon that calls himself Dragon Emperor, but the dragon’s lifespan is very long, who knows if there are any stronger dragons in the Imperial Dragon Clan. Duan Ming shook her head: "If I step onto Long Tian, there will be some danger. I am different from Long Tian, dragons are divine cultivators, and I am a Scattered Immortal, my physical body relies on soul bodies to link together. If a strong old dragon attacks me, I can only flee for my life."

Long Xueyi had also said before that the strongest people in the Imperial Dragon Clan were those old dragons. Although the Dragon Emperor was called Dragon Emperor, he was not the emperor of a real dragon, and his strength was not worthy of it.

Chen Xiang was definitely going to look for the things left behind by the Evil Emperor, because the relationship between the Evil Emperor and him was very good. Just like the Ice Dragon Super Old Fire Beast, they were both Evil Emperor’s friends.

"Let’s return to Divine Sword Immortal Palace first and prepare before setting off, Long Tian. I’ll first refine that divine sword for you during this period of time." Duan Ming said seriously.

"Alright, I also plan on cultivating in peace."

Chen Xiang and Duan Ming returned to the Divine Sword Immortal Palace and rented a small house. Usually, Duan Ming would go out by himself, he did not know why he would go out for, but he would cultivate in the secret room everyday, absorb the energy from the Colorful sacred core, and condense the creation divine liquid at the same time.

He had lost one of the divine swords, causing the signboard to be smashed apart. On the other hand, Chen Xiang was also a big winner, obtaining two Holy Swords, and then it was Wang Weiquan. He competed with one of the Divine Sword Palace’s swordsmen in swords, and in the end, he obtained one as well.

Chen Xiang would come out from time to time, making him happy. Xue Xianxian and Liu Meng’er were still in the Divine Sword Immortal Palace, and they had learned how to forge sword techniques here. In terms of refining the Immortal Sword, the Divine Sword Palace had a lot of experience, and it was all because of Liu Zongyu and Song Ying that they were able to learn in here.

Chen Xiang was very interested in refining, it was just that he did not have the time to learn it, and he needed to refine pills to increase his own strength.

Chen Xiang would occasionally flip through the "Divine Book", which had recorded the records of the various powerful array Spirit grain. Liu Meng’er and Dongfang Xinyue both had copies of this Divine Book in their hands, so Chen Xiang believed that they had definitely passed it down to Xue Xianxian.

"The blueprints for refining the Suzaku Divine Weapon are hidden inside. Could it be that this Divine Book was left behind by a Divine Craftsman?" Chen Xiang looked at the Spirit grain above. There was a huge difference from the Spirit grain above. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

In the blink of an eye, Chen Xiang had lived here for two years. With the help of the Colorful sacred core, he stepped into the Late period of human immortal.

"I’m getting closer and closer to the Immortal Monarch." Chen Xiang was a little excited. Only by becoming a Immortal Monarch would his strength reach a new height. At the very least, when he met the Immortal King, he would not be in such a sorry state.

Duan Ming didn’t ask Chen Xiang when he would set off. He was the same every day, he didn’t know what he would go out for during the day, and would only come back at night.

Duan Ming, who had been isolated from the world for hundreds of thousands of years, had already merged into this era after being newly born during these two years. Right now, he understood this Heaven Realm even more than Chen Xiang did, and at the same time, he understood Chen Xiang even more.

"Have you broken through? You’re pretty fast, it won’t be long before you become a Immortal Monarch." Duan Ming walked into the hall brimming with energy and vitality, and said while smiling. At the moment, he was dressed extravagantly, looking like a nouveau riche.

"I’m going out for a walk. I’m about to head to Long Tian." Chen Xiang said.

"I’ll go with you. The Xie Family’s group is still here because they know that the Heavenly evil sword has yet to leave the Divine Sword Immortal Palace." Duan Ming said.

Chen Xiang nodded. With Duan Ming by his side, he did not need to worry too much.

Just as Duan Ming and Duan Ming walked out of the house and reached the main street, they saw the Xie Clan group. They sat in the carriage, and only Xie Kang led the carriage forward.

"What are they doing? Don’t tell me they know exactly where you are?" Duan Ming was a little suspicious, "For the past two years, they have not left.

Duan Ming sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang: "They didn’t discover you, but have something else to leave for. The direction they are heading towards is towards the Transmission array.

Chen Xiang looked at Xie Kang who was walking past him, and it was true that they did not notice him.

"Mm, we’ll talk about it when you get back. I’ll go find my wife first, she’s still here." Chen Xiang replied.

After the Xie Family members left, Duan Ming carefully followed behind them. Chen Xiang walked towards the Divine Sword Palace, to look for Xue Xianxian and Liu Meng’er.

Liu Zongyu and Song Ying were not around them to learn, only Liu Meng’er and Xue Xianxian were here.

Divine Sword Palace was still relatively polite because they saw Chen Xiang reveal a jade token. This was given to Chen Xiang by him, not only would he be able to participate in the Immortal Sword Conference, he would also receive some treatment within the Divine Sword Palace.

"I come from Human King Immortal Country, looking for Liu Meng’er urgently." Chen Xiang said, the elder did not recognize him, but he knew that Liu Zongyu had given him his jade tablet, so he immediately sent someone to inform Liu Meng’er.

Chen Xiang and the elder were chatting casually in the hall, but at the same time, a man walked in with a very oppressive aura. He looked young, but his strength was terrifying, and he was definitely not someone to be trifled with.

"Have you finished refining my Holy Sword?" the man asked coldly as he walked in.