Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

When Chen Xiang and Duan Ming got closer, they saw that Yun Xiaodao and the others were surrounding and attacking the five Fire Divine Palace s.

"You bunch of little bastards, do you know who we are? We are from the Fire Divine Palace, get out of my way." His clothes had already been burnt black by the flames.

"It’s because we know that you are Fire Divine Palace, that’s why we took action. The more arrogant you are in front of us, the faster you will die." Zhu Rong sneered, holding a long and big mace, he swept it towards the back of Immortal Monarch, looking very fierce.

Amongst the group of Yun Xiaodao and the others, Great Strength Race Xiao Chou was one of them, as well as his Kylin thunder eagle beast was at the middle stage of Immortal Monarch. As for the others, they were only at the early stage of Immortal Monarch, so being able to suppress the five of them who were at the middle stage of Immortal Monarch was already considered to be pretty good.

"These guys are growing up really fast." Chen Xiang didn’t feel good about this, because he was currently only at the Late period of human immortal, but he was still very happy for them.

Lian Mingdong sensed that someone was approaching and anxiously shouted: "Be careful, someone is coming. We do not know their strength."

Their cooperation was very coordinated and it was obvious that they often did this sort of thing. As soon as Chen Xiang and Duan Ming got close, Duan Sanchang immediately came over and checked their strength.

"Chang Zi, it’s me." Chen Xiang immediately sent a sound transmission to Duan Sanchang, to prevent any misunderstandings and cause a huge fight.

"It’s actually Leader. That’s great." Duan Sanchang was overjoyed, and immediately sent a sound transmission to Yun Xiaodao and the others.

Chen Xiang rushed over and sent a sound transmission to Yun Xiaodao and the others: "Tie them up, I will plot against them."

Zhu Rong and the others immediately understood that the Chen Xiang who had snuck over, was not discovered by the Fire Divine Palace s. In a flash, he arrived behind one of them, took out a Devil emporer dagger and stabbed it into the Immortal Monarch’s Dantian, then took out the heavenly pellet.

"There’s an Immortal King coming, hurry up and kill them." Duan Sanchang anxiously shouted.

"Take out all their Heavenly Pills, I’m going to use them." Chen Xiang said, after that Xiao Chou and Teng Ying both attacked the enemy’s Dantian, and took out the Heaven Pellet.

"It’s too late. Quick." Duan Sanchang, who was standing guard at the side, also joined the battle. Using a short sword, he cut off the head of a Immortal Monarch, then took out the Heaven Core inside.

"Done." After Chen Xiang killed the last Immortal Monarch and took away the Heaven Pellet, he and Yun Xiaodao quickly destroyed all the corpses.

"Withdraw." Duan Sanchang ran at the very front. He had already found a path of retreat for a long time now, with Chen Xiang and Duan Ming following right behind them.

Yun Xiaodao, Xiao Chou, Xv Weilong, Lian Mingdong, Zhu Rong and Duan Sanchang had always been following him, but now he had appeared here, where was Duan Chong?

"Where’s Elder Duan? How could he let you guys enter such a dangerous place?" Chen Xiang asked as he ran.

"He lured those immortal kings away, and was planning on exchanging blows with us earlier. I didn’t expect that you would also come here, is it because you’re here looking for materials like us?" Duan Sanchang asked.

"No, we will go to a more dangerous place. We might have to go deeper in." Chen Xiang said.

"This place is called the Evil Dragon Mountain Range, it’s very dangerous inside. It’s said that some dragons that enter the depths will turn into evil dragons and without the original memories, they will just randomly slaughter others. According to our inquiries, the treasure land discovered by the Holy Origin is not in the depths." Lian Mingdong said.

"No problem, I know what I’m doing." Chen Xiang said, he was not here for the treasure ground.

"Master, I heard that there are a lot of Holy level materials in that treasure trove. We are here to find the materials to refine a Saint Weapon." Xiao Chou said. He still had a bald head and he looked like a teenager. It was difficult for Great Strength Race to grow up.

Duan Sanchang suddenly became serious: "The few Immortal Kings are chasing after us, it seems like Old Duan did not lure them away completely."

Chen Xiang said to Duan Ming: "Senior, I’ll be troubling you."

"Kill him!" Duan Ming asked. He already knew that this group of youngsters were Chen Xiang’s friends when he was in Di Tian and he could feel the aura of the Duan Clan bloodline from Duan Sanchang’s body. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"As you wish. I can’t order you." Chen Xiang laughed.

Duan Ming suddenly disappeared, followed by a few tragic cries. The screams still reverberated in the marsh, but Duan Ming had already returned with four bloodied Heaven Pills, the Immortal King’s Heaven Pellets.

Yun Xiaodao and the others took in a breath of cold air, looking at Duan Ming in fear. To be able to kill a few Immortal Kings in such a short period of time, this kind of strength was truly terrifying.

"I did not kill them, I just took their Heaven Pills." Duan Ming laughed, they had already stopped.

Chen Xiang took the Heavenly Pills, and laughed: "You are feeling worse than killing them."

"This senior, he was the one who injured Ding Wuzhong in the Immortal Sword Conference." Xiao Chou looked at Duan Ming with a trace of fear.

Duan Chong had already returned, he already knew that the Immortal Kings were killed, when he saw Duan Ming, he couldn’t help but frown.

Chen Xiang laughed: "This senior here has some connections with your Duan Clan. He can be considered to be an ancestor of your Duan Clan."

Duan Ming smiled towards Duan Sanchang and Duan Chong: "All of you have inherited the Duan Clan’s essence very well.

Duan Sanchang and Duan Chong immediately bowed to Duan Ming.

"I brought this group of brats here to let them gain experience. I never would have thought that when I met the people from the Fire Divine Palace, these brats would shout and kill them, so I could only lure their Immortal King away to let them take action." Duan Chong said.

"Hehe, just pay attention to a little bit. I believe in their strength." Chen Xiang laughed.

Suddenly, a rumbling sound echoed out from the depths of the abyss, accompanied by a slight tremble.

"If we are to go deeper, it will be rather dangerous, so we won’t take you with us." Chen Xiang looked at the rumbling coming from inside seriously.

Duan Ming’s expression became serious. He took out a book, and it looked very old. He passed it to Duan Chong and said: "This is an item that is relatively precious to the Duan Clan.

Duan Chong’s hands trembled a little as he received the book, and immediately thanked them. It was as if he had long known that the Duan Clan possessed such a powerful book.

"Then, all of you have a safe journey. Let’s return and pluck all the things on those Immortal Kings and Immortal Monarch." Yun Xiaodao laughed.

Chen Xiang smiled and patted his shoulder: "Be careful."

Oh yeah, I heard that Fire Divine Palace’s chief disciple is probably here, he’s also very strong. "" Oh yeah, I heard that Fire Divine Palace’s chief disciple is also here. Duan Chong said.

"Yes, we will pay attention." Duan Ming nodded, he knew how terrifying the Fire Emperor was, even though he had not recovered to its peak yet.

"Take care."

Chen Xiang and Duan Ming continued to move forward, while Yun Xiaodao and Duan Chong retreated. They first took away the precious things that the Immortal Kings and Immortal Monarch had on them, and a large amount of those things could be exchanged for Spiritual crystal s.