Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Just a while ago, a dragon had died here, and the people from the Imperial Dragon Clan came here was also something that Chen Xiang and the others had expected. With Duan Ming here, Chen Xiang was nothing to be afraid of.

Imperial Dragon Clan had also entered the Evil Divine Palace. They had come here with a lot of dragons, around thirty of them. After Chen Xiang kept the divine cauldron, he saw a group of benevolent dragons running over, with Dragon Emperor right inside.

They saw Chen Xiang, and also saw Duan Ming.

Back then, when they were still in Night Devil Hell, Dragon Emperor had witnessed Duan Ming’s strength and knew that Duan Ming was a very powerful human. However, he was not afraid now, because this time, an old dragon from the Imperial Dragon Clan had followed them here.

That old dragon was very strong. Long Xueyi and Long Huishan immediately sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang, telling him to be careful of that old dragon.

A dragon had died here, and Chen Xiang and the others were also present. When Dragon Emperor arrived, he immediately thought that Chen Xiang and the others had killed it, and became furious.

"Chen Xiang, it’s you guys again." Dragon Emperor roared, the golden armor shook, and an angry dragon qi surged out from the cracks in the armor, releasing waves after waves of golden light.

"So what if it’s us? Could it be that this Evil Divine Palace is yours, and doesn’t allow us to appear here?"

Long Huishan and the rest had already rushed to Chen Xiang’s side, to prevent conflicts from breaking out, so that they could take action in time.

"Did you just kill a dragon here?" Dragon Emperor asked angrily.

"No, before we came, that dragon was already dead. Can’t you see how gray the ground is? It should be that dragon’s ashes." Chen Xiang said.

But Dragon Emperor did not believe him. The dozens of dragons were filled with righteous indignation, and it seemed like they were going to attack him.

"This is real. There were originally nine suns in the sky, and one of the profoundyang Fire Crow turned into that of us. When we came here, we were attacked by the profoundyang Fire Crow, so that dragon of yours should have been killed by the profoundyang Fire Crow." Yan Shan said as he walked out. His Sacred Source Ancient Realm was a neutral power, so his words had quite the weight.

"In the end, the profoundyang Fire Crow was sealed by Chen Xiang’s divine cauldron, and all of you saw that divine cauldron just now."

The Dragon Emperor and the others thought that Yan Shan’s words were not wrong. Their dragon had died a long time ago, but there was an intense battle just now, and there were still remnants of ice energy at the scene. They also discovered that Long Huishan also had a very powerful old ice dragon.

The Imperial Dragon Clan’s dragon was only slightly weaker than the Dragon Emperor. If one wanted to kill it, there was no need for Duan Ming and the old ice dragon to join hands and attack it.

However, with Chen Xiang here, no matter what, they had to get back at him for something. Furthermore, they saw Chen Xiang’s divine furnace just now.

The Divine Cauldron had the functions of defense, attack and smithing. This sort of multi-purpose Divine Equipment was extremely precious, it could even be said to be more precious than Green dragon demon-slain broadsword s, maybe the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword was also refined from this Divine Cauldron.

"Then hand over the profoundyang Fire Crow. We need to avenge our fellow countrymen," Dragon Emperor said as he looked at Chen Xiang.

"Why should I give it to you, I finally managed to catch it. Moreover, this profoundyang Fire Crow is so precious, even if you say that you will give it to me, you guys might still be able to tame it."

Chen Xiang snorted, although he was currently unable to handle the profoundyang Fire Crow, but he would eventually think of a way to unearth the value of the profoundyang Fire Crow.

"If I don’t give it to you, do you want to rob it?" Long Huishan laughed coldly: "If you have the guts, come at me. I want to see if you have the ability to snatch the profoundyang Fire Crow away."

Duan Ming had already revealed his divine sword, "I have no enmity with Imperial Dragon Clan, but if you want to deal with my friends, don’t blame me for being rude."

Dragon Emperor took a few steps back and came to the side of the old holy dragon. It seemed that they were communicating with each other through sound transmission, but what worried Chen Xiang was that the old holy dragon, Dragon Emperor and a few dragons would look at Leng Youlan from time to time.

Chen Xiang had the help of the White Dragon and also obtained a lot of Dragon Clan’s inheritance. This was a matter that everyone knew, but no one knew where the White Dragon was.

However, after their investigation, they felt that Leng Youlan was very good, because a long time ago, there was an example of a person with white hair being born after the fusion of a white dragon and a human.

Leng Youlan was Chen Xiang’s recognized sister. If she had the inheritance of knowledge from the White Dragon clan, passing it down to Chen Xiang was a very normal thing.

The White Dragon was the Imperial Dragon Clan’s nightmare. Even the humans who possessed White Dragon Vein posed a huge threat to them.

Chen Xiang clenched his fists tightly. He felt that Leng Youlan was already under threat, but he didn’t have the absolute strength to fight against the Imperial Dragon Clan.

"Let’s go." After Dragon Emperor and the others left, Chen Xiang and the others heaved a sigh of relief. If they were to fight, this battle would definitely be very tragic and fierce. Now that they were still in Evil Divine Palace and danger lurked everywhere, both sides did not want to suffer any losses.

"Sis, they should be able to see that there’s White Dragon Vein in Youlan’s body now. You should pay more attention in the future, don’t let Youlan run around." Chen Xiang whispered to Long Huishan.

Long Huishan had also detected it just now, so she replied: "I understand, looks like I have to make You Lan stronger quickly so that she can be safer."

Duan Ming said, "This group of Emperor Dragons are not stupid. They know that fighting here is not good for anyone. Right now, the most important thing is to leave this damned place."

Everyone hurried, they said that the direction they were going, was closer and closer to the sun, and the sun was formed from an ancient beast, so it was very powerful, and Chen Xiang’s divine cauldron could not be opened either, if not the profoundyang Fire Crow would run out.

"If I still encounter those powerful ancient beasts, I’ll have to fight to the bitter end." Duan Ming had already made his preparations. He was a Scattered Immortal, and although he was strong, the Ancient Beasts were existences that could become Holy Beasts in the Ancient Era. They were already very strong, so it was not bad that he could fight them evenly. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

As they were talking, everyone suddenly felt the temperature drop a little bit. They looked up and saw that a sun had disappeared.

This situation meant that the sun had turned into an ancient beast and was currently in battle.

Who fought with that ancient beast?

"Is it the Imperial Dragon Clan’s group, but they don’t seem to be heading in this direction." Long Huishan said: "Seems like quite a few powerful forces have entered the Evil Divine Palace."

"Who knows, maybe everyone who enters the Evil Dragon Mountain Range will enter." Yan Shan said, he frowned as he looked at the bright light ahead, that should be the place to fight.

Everyone was puzzled. There must have been a huge commotion from the intense battle in front, but it seemed so calm now.

"I seem to have seen that before ..." Yan Shan muttered.

"What is it?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"That glowing object seems to be a divine tool used by our Sacred Source Ancient Realm’s Domain Lords. Its name is the Evil Suppressing Pagoda of the Nine Suns, and it was left behind by the ancestor of our Sacred Source Ancient Realm." Yan Shan said.