Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

There were still many elders from the Heaven Sword City here, so Leng Youlan did not try to kill them. Otherwise, there would be a conflict between her and the Heaven Sword City right now.

Leng Youlan had only pierced Luo Yitao’s body and injected a very strong Ice Innate Qi into his body, freezing the blood in his body, which did not cause him any serious injuries, but Luo Yitao had to at least rest for a good period of time. Right now, he was supported up by the elders and trembled with anger at Chen Xiang and Leng Youlan.

Luo Yitao and Liu Meng’er had an arranged marriage, he had been extremely arrogant in front of Liu Meng’er previously, but he couldn’t even defeat the other party’s head disciple, and had even lost to him because of a holy sword. Just thinking about it made him feel that he wouldn’t be able to raise his head in front of Liu Meng’er in the future, let alone marry Liu Meng’er.

Leng Youlan proudly waved the holy sword in front of Chen Xiang, and laughed: "Brother, do you want some, I’ll give it to you."

"Keep it for yourself." Chen Xiang patted his head and laughed.

Dai Yongcheng sighed helplessly. They had forged this holy sword, but not long after it had appeared in Luo Yitao’s hands, it had changed masters, causing him to feel extremely moved.

"I will exchange some Holy level materials with Sacred Source Ancient Realm. This sword is too small, I am not happy at all with it." Leng Youlan danced a few times as he curled his lips.

Furthermore, he could tell that Leng Youlan had hidden quite a bit of his strength, no wonder she was so confident. Long Huishan seemed to know about it too, which made him feel at ease to let her come out and fight.

In the distance, Duan Ming and the Sacred Source Ancient Realm’s Domain Lord were battling with an ancient beast. At this moment, the aura coming from that direction was getting weaker and weaker, as though one of the parties was being suppressed by them.

Indeed, when everyone saw two people walking over from afar, they surprised Chen Xiang. He did not expect that the Sacred Source Ancient Realm’s Domain Lord would actually be as strong as Duan Ming.

In these nine days, there were still many hidden Rankers, but they were not known. Someone had told Chen Xiang before.

Now that there were only seven suns in the sky, Chen Xiang was very curious about what the Ancient Beast looked like.

"It’s a wolf, probably a Heavenly Flame Wolf. In ancient times, a meteorite fell into the Sacred Beasts Ancient Realm, and there was a wolf inside, namely that Heavenly Flame Wolf. Although it can’t be considered bad, it still likes to cause trouble, and in the end it disappeared, never expecting it to become the Evil God’s servant." Long Xueyi said.

"Is it a Saint Beast?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Not really, but if he was a little more obedient, he might have become a Saint Beast."

"These are all from your inheritance of memories. Your inheritance of memories is increasing in number." Chen Xiang said. Originally, Long Xueyi did not know these secrets of the ancient times, but now she seemed to know more and more.

"I have a lot of inherited memories. I’m slowly awakening." Long Xueyi said. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

But Chen Xiang felt that it was not that simple. He kept having the feeling that Long Xueyi had a lot of things to hide from him.

After the ancient beasts were subdued, other than Luo Yitao, all the others had faces full of joy, waiting for the Domain Lord and Duan Ming to come over.

Just as everyone revealed a relaxed smile, the world suddenly shook. Not only did the earth shake, but even the seven suns in the sky were shaking. It was as if the entire space was shaking.

"Youlan, hurry over." Long Huishan anxiously grabbed Leng Youlan, because the tremors were getting more intense, and the sky started to turn dark.

Chen Xiang raised his head to look at the sky, only to see that the space in the sky was slowly collapsing, and the space around him was collapsing. He could already see Leng Youlan and Long Huishan, the space they were in, seemed to be struck by a powerful force, and was split into many parts.

"What’s going on?" Chen Xiang stood where he was and didn’t move because the space around him had started to collapse. He didn’t know how to escape this predicament.

"Be careful, this power seems to be directed at you. Someone is deliberately separating you from the others." Long Xueyi said: "I felt it just now, that the spatial energy around you was more intense, I don’t know who could actually use this kind of energy to control the slicing space from afar, and move it."

"Besides my enemies, who else would target me?" Chen Xiang snorted, he frowned and tensed up.

Not long after, the space he was in gradually stabilized. The tremor had already disappeared, leaving only a slight shake. However, it was dark in all directions.

"The area you are in is beginning to merge with the other spaces. It seems like the space in the Evil Divine Palace is formed piece by piece and can be moved however you wish. Only by controlling the spatial teleportation formation in the Evil Divine Palace can you do that." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang clenched his fists, the area started to be covered in a hazy light, he knew who it was that was attacking him.

The surroundings started to become clear, but Chen Xiang was suddenly unable to move, the Innate Qi in his body was simply unable to circulate from his dantian, he was actually sealed by a profound technique in his dantian, and even the Divine Sense Sea in his mind was sealed by an extremely strong God Power.

The person who could use this technique must be very strong, not weaker than Duan Ming, and he was a Divine Cultivator.

"Haha ..."

Chen Xiang heard a burst of laughter, and it was a lot of people laughing, following that, a group of people appeared in front of him, and amongst these people, there were quite a few that he had seen before.

Fire Divine Palace, Xie Family, Devil-suppressing Divine Palace and Heaven Sword City.

Luo Yitao, who had previously fought with him and had also lost to him the Heavenly evil sword and the devil slayer holy sword, was present as well, laughing sinisterly.

"Chen Xiang, you won’t be able to escape this time." A handsome man sneered. Looking at his clothes, he looked like he belonged to the Fire Divine Palace, and had a scorching aura around him. He suspected that this person might be the head disciple of the Fire Emperor.

"He really is a Divine Cultivator. Fortunately, he was able to suppress his Divine Sense Sea. Otherwise, he might have been able to use some Divine Powers to escape." An old man said. This was from the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace.

An elder from the Xie Clan said solemnly: "Don’t be in such a hurry to divide up the things you have on him. We did not capture him for his belongings.

That old man from the Xie Clan was very strong, probably the kind of old man with the same strength as Duan Ming. Chen Xiang could immediately sense that part of the power that imprisoned him came from that old man.

There was also a middle-aged man from the Heaven Sword City, the head disciple of the Fire Emperor, and a golden-robed elder from the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace.