Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The furious Luo Yitao didn’t care about all that. He went over to Chen Xiang and punched him hard, but Chen Xiang’s body was extremely strong, causing him to feel pain in his fist.

"Ancestor, why didn’t you bring that white-haired girl over as well?" Luo Yitao said as he clenched his teeth. He never thought that Chen Xiang’s fleshly body would be so terrifying.

"Bringing this brat over will consume a lot of our energy, and we can’t use it a second time. The Sacred Source Ancient Realm’s Domain Lord and that Duan guy are both there, and if they break us, we will be affected by the backlash." The middle-aged man from the Heaven Sword City said.

The muscles on Chen Xiang’s face twitched. Luo Yitao actually had the idea of hitting Leng Youlan, he furiously glared, and said in a low voice: "Your Heaven Sword City, especially you, Luo Yitao, I will definitely kill you with my own hands."

"You won’t be able to live for long. After using you, I’ll force you to hand over some things, then you can die." Luo Yitao sneered.

"You can either kill me now or I will definitely make you pay a heavy price if you let me escape." Chen Xiang coldly looked at the group of people.

"Don’t be stubborn, you don’t have the chance to make a comeback right now." The disciple from the Fire Emperor sneered: "You should have a decent Fire Soul on you. At that time, I can enjoy myself."

"All of you must die." Although he had fallen at the hands of these people, he still had a chance of escaping. This was because these people still wanted to use him to do something that they did not dare to do.

They searched all over Chen Xiang’s body, but they could not find any Storage magic treasure. An old man pinched Chen Xiang’s neck, and said angrily: "Take out the Heavenly evil sword. If you cooperate, we might not kill you.

Although Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea was sealed, he could still use a bit of his power to open the ring, and take out the Heavenly evil sword.

The Heavenly evil sword dropped to the ground and the old man from the Xie Clan picked it up and laughed: "This thing will belong to us sooner or later. As long as we open up the Emperor’s Tomb s and obtain his item, our strength will definitely increase by a large amount.

"The Nine Heavens will be ours, haha ..."

Chen Xiang looked around, this was a stone room, he never thought that Evil Emperor’s tomb would actually be inside Evil Divine Palace, the appearance of Evil Divine Palace, must have been caused by the Xie Clan, and they had long found the key to entering Evil Emperor.

"Yi Tao, take him and lead the way."

Luo Yitao replied as he walked to Chen Xiang’s side with a face filled with viciousness. At this time, Chen Xiang was already tied up by a golden rope and his feet were not tied up.

"Hurry up and leave." Luo Yitao hated Chen Xiang to the bones, he kicked Chen Xiang hard, causing him to fall to the ground.

The elder from the Xie Clan took the Heavenly evil sword and walked to a wall. He placed the Heavenly evil sword into a hole in the wall, and suddenly, a sound came from the wall.

"Let’s go in." Luo Yitao lifted Chen Xiang up and threw him into the passage inside the stone door, to see if there were any traps.

Chen Xiang was furious in his heart, but he could only endure it for now. In front of these strong warriors, he had no way of resisting, much less escaping.

"Take out your Green dragon demon-slain broadsword. Your blade is needed here." The middle-aged man from the Heaven Sword City coldly said: "It’s best if you cooperate. If you don’t want your wife to have any big matters in the future ..."

Chen Xiang secretly clenched his teeth, he guessed that this person must be the person in charge of the Heaven Sword City, and should be the legendary old City Lord without a doubt. But now, he actually used Xue Xianxian to threaten him, which caused him to be extremely furious, he swore that as long as he could escape, he would pay any price to destroy the Heaven Sword City.

"His wife is not bad. When the time comes, I’ll make sure she marries me." Luo Yitao laughed sinisterly.

Chen Xiang turned her head and shot him a furious glance, then said to the old man: "If you want something, then keep this bastard’s foul mouth in mind, or else I’ll kill myself and show you, and you won’t get anything in the end."

"Old Luo, tell this brat to be more obedient. If Chen Xiang dies, we will die here in the end." The old man from the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace said coldly.

"Yi Tao, restrain yourself." The old City Lord scolded.

The Fire Emperor disciple said to Chen Xiang: "Quickly take out the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, stop nagging."

Chen Xiang said: "If you can help me slap that brat, I will immediately give you the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword." 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"Really." Although the disciple of the Fire Emperor asked that, he had already slapped Luo Yitao’s face, causing him to fly towards the wall. His hand was lighter, but it only slapped Luo Yitao’s face until it was swollen.

"You ..." The old City Lord was furious, "Fire Divine Palace Lord, are you saying that you don’t exist."

"He’s just a descendant of yours, he almost ruined our plans. If you bring him here for something as big as this, we have the power to teach him a lesson if he makes a mistake." Although they were cooperating, their relationship was not good.

Chen Xiang looked at Luo Yitao’s face full of anger and laughed heartily. Then, he took out the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and threw it at the Fire Divine Palace Lord.

When the others saw this, they regretted that they did not hit Luo Yitao the same way. Otherwise, they would have been able to obtain the Divine Blade.

The Fire Divine Palace Lord was the disciple of the Fire Emperor and was very strong himself. Even if all the other strong warriors joined hands, they would still not be able to take him down, not to mention that he still had the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword with him.

"So heavy... Haha, the divine blade is mine now. " The Fire Divine Palace Lord laughed crazily, but he could not keep the Divine Blade into the Storage magic treasure. He just felt that it was normal for him to not have a good Storage magic treasure and not be able to keep the Divine Blade.

Chen Xiang laughed coldly in his heart, because the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword was still his. With just a thought, this divine blade would immediately return to him.

This was the secret of the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, even if he wanted to give it to others, he might not be able to give it to them.

The old City Lord from the Heaven Sword City glared at Luo Yitao. Because of Luo Yitao, he felt that Chen Xiang would not give them any benefits.

The Fire Divine Palace Lord held the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and stabbed it into a hole. Then, he started to spin, and finally opened a door.

After the door opened, everyone saw a wide hall. There were many black chairs, the floor and carpet were all black, and only the pearls hanging in the hall emitted white light. Everything else was pitch black, making it look extremely strange.

"This is the great hall of the Evil Emperor back then. An ancestor of our Xie Clan had a meeting here with the Evil Emperor. The Emperor’s Tomb should be under that chair." The Xie Clan elder said.