Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Someone had entered Evil Emperor’s tomb chamber, so those trapped outside were also released, but Chen Xiang was still inside, he did not know what had happened, and even more so did not know what the people inside had obtained.

"Wait until the seal on my body is removed, do you want to go in and take a look?" There were several strong seals on Chen Xiang’s body, sealing his dantian and Divine Sense Sea;

"We’ll talk about it when the time comes. Let’s see what happens in the next few days." Long Xueyi said.

In a few days, the seal on Chen Xiang’s body was released. At this time, he was carefully inspecting the hall, wanting to see if there was any way for him to enter the tomb.

"I wonder if they will be able to come back here." Chen Xiang looked at the place that originally had a huge door and felt very uncomfortable in his heart. He had come here with great difficulty to look for the Evil Emperor’s mausoleum, but had instead been found by someone else in the end.

"There’s movement." Long Xueyi suddenly shouted, and Chen Xiang immediately used his transformation technique, transforming into a small worm, hiding on top of the ceiling of the hall.

The disturbance that Long Xueyi was talking about was a very strong spatial fluctuation. From above, Chen Xiang could see that on the black carpet below, a stone door was slowly rising. It was the stone door that had disappeared earlier.

This made Chen Xiang somewhat unable to understand, because the stone door required Heavenly evil sword s and Green dragon demon-slain broadsword s to open. The two keys were currently on him.

"They must have obtained something from the tomb, so they can control this stone door. There are Heavenly evil sword and Green dragon demon-slain broadsword here, even if they went out, they would think of ways to come back." Long Xueyi said.

The Space Gate shook for a moment, and then people started walking out, all of them being the people who entered earlier. The Fire Divine Palace Lord was full of smiles as he said: "Fortunately we can return, we should be able to take down the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword s and spirit beasts now. Without them, we simply cannot open the black coffin in the Evil Emperor."

"Although we have obtained many good items and cultivation techniques, the strongest should be inside that jade coffin. For those top-grade immortal equipment and Holy level cultivation techniques we have obtained, compared to the reputation of the Evil Emperor, they are still too inferior." The old man from Devil-suppressing Divine Palace said.

Just as he finished speaking, he saw that the others’ faces were strange, and then suddenly changed, because the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword above the stone door and their faces disappeared.

Chen Xiang who had died an old death on the stage had also disappeared.

They were not stupid, and immediately guessed that Chen Xiang was not dead. They regretted not striking out with their palms, but they did not dare to do so.

"Chen Xiang should have already left. The seal in his body is still there, he definitely won’t be able to make it out far. If we go out now, we might be able to catch him." The Xie Clan elder said.

"When we entered the tomb, those people that were trapped outside should have left already. I wonder if Chen Xiang will meet them, we should hurry up and teleport out, capture Chen Xiang and then enter to open the black coffin."

Soon after, they hurriedly entered the Space Gate. Right now, the stone door would not close either, unless they controlled it from the inside.

Chen Xiang hid up there, waited for more than two hours, and then entered the spatial gate.

Passing through the Space Gate, he arrived at a spacious stone room. The four walls were pitch-black, and there were red light beads emitting an evil red glow at the top. There were many cabinets and chairs on the four walls, and they were all in a mess.

The stone room was about one hundred and fifty meters wide, and there should be a lot of things placed inside. Thinking of this, Chen Xiang was inwardly angry, because he could have obtained these things originally.

In the middle of the stone room, there was a very ordinary black coffin. It seemed like it was made out of wood, and on top of the black coffin was a huge pearl of red light.

Chen Xiang looked behind him. The dimensional door was still open, so he anxiously walked over, inserting the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword’s handle and the Heavenly evil sword’s body through the two holes and closed the door, preventing them from entering.

"There’s a Transmission array over there. It should be able to be teleported out." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang looked towards a corner where a circular formation that emitted a faint white light was located. Because someone had used it just now, the condensed energy had not dissipated yet.

"I wonder what will be inside. Once I open it, I wonder if it will be dangerous in the future." Chen Xiang came to the side of the black coffin. There were two holes on the side of the coffin lid, one look and one could tell that it required Green dragon demon-slain broadsword s and Heavenly evil sword s to open it.

"I don’t think so. Those bastards came here to mess things up, and they all lived quite well. There was a key hole left behind for the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and the Heavenly evil sword, so there must be something that they want to pass on." Long Xueyi urged her: "Hurry up and open it to see, it might not only be Evil Emperor’s things, there are also the things that Evil Emperor obtained from here after he took control of the Evil Divine Palace."

The existence of the Evil Divine Palace was even more ancient than the strong warriors of this era in the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord.

... .... The original appearance of the Evil Divine Palace was not grand and grand, instead it was a little dilapidated. Its entire body was pitch black and one of its palace was devoid of any life, lying tightly in a forest near the Evil Dragon Mountain Range.

When Chen Xiang closed the door, Evil Divine Palace suddenly disappeared into thin air. After sensing the presence of the Xie Clan, Devil-suppressing Divine Palace, Fire Divine Palace and Heaven Sword City, he immediately used his fastest speed.

"He’s gone." The old man from the Xie Clan shouted, "Someone must have closed that door, which was why the Evil Divine Palace disappeared."

"So you’re saying, Chen Xiang is still inside." Fire Divine Palace Lord clenched his teeth and said.

"Not necessarily. Even if it’s inside his body, Evil Divine Palace shouldn’t be able to disappear." The old man from the Xie Clan took out a black disk and frowned: "The Evil Divine Palace has disappeared completely. We will know the location of the Evil Divine Palace with this disc."

"Let’s first look around and see if we can find Chen Xiang, since we have obtained a lot of things, which can allow us to gain even more power, and when we go back and digest those things, we’ll then contend for the position of Ninth Heaven." The Fire Divine Palace Lord said.

Even though they did not obtain the items inside the black coffin, the large amount of treasures inside the tomb was enough to satisfy these ancient experts.

Chen Xiang stood by the side of the black coffin and was able to hear the conversation between the people outside. He was very curious about what the treasures in the coffin contained, to actually be able to give them so much confidence.

The Evil Divine Palace did not completely disappear. Instead, he floated in the air, becoming transparent.

"Quick, open it and take a look, you are in urgent need of increasing your strength right now." Long Xueyi urged.

Chen Xiang did not hesitate anymore, he took out Green dragon demon-slain broadsword s, placed them into the two holes, and only saw that the red light inside the tomb suddenly turned into white light, while the black coffin also became a white jade coffin.Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎