Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang looked around in shock. Originally, this was a terrifying tomb filled with bloody light, but now it looked so comfortable. The black coffin in front of him didn’t look like a coffin, but more like a snow-white jade chest.

He slowly opened the heavy lid, and what entered his sight was a golden liquid. The entire box was filled with these items.

The pale golden liquid released waves after waves of light fog that assaulted his face. Chen Xiang only absorbed a bit of the light fog before he suddenly felt a large amount of Innate Qi entering his body.

"This is the Holy Elixir. Only Emperor level characters can condense this Holy Elixir. There’s actually so much of it, it should be something left behind by the Evil Emperor." Long Xueyi was so excited that he ran out to grab the light golden liquid with his hands.

"How should I use it?" Chen Xiang also touched it, his face changing greatly. His arm was in extreme pain, because a large amount of energy was crazily surging into his body, his current body could not handle all of these things.

"The Holy Elixir of this chest... More than that, you should be able to convert all of the Innate Qi in your body into holy energy. If you were to cultivate normally, you would need to undergo the nine transformations of the Immortal-becoming realm to fully transform into holy energy. " Long Xueyi said excitedly.

Chen Xiang was also excited, "There’s so much, if we want to completely absorb it, it will take a long time. Do you want to absorb it together with me?"

"No need, I’ll leave it for you. sister Meiyao and Sister You You don’t need it either, you have to become stronger quickly." Long Xueyi said.

"Right now, I am only at the Late period of human immortal. Once I completely refine it, I will be able to step into the realm of immortal kings. Will that affect me in the future?" Chen Xiang did not dare touch the Holy Elixir again, as it was simply too dangerous.

And Long Xueyi had just fished a few more times, but nothing had happened, showing just how strong her physical body was.

"There must be something else for you at the bottom of this jade box. Moreover, you don’t have anything else that can contain this sacred liquid, unless you use the divine cauldron." Long Xueyi said: "If you pour a little, it will immediately fuse with the world. This jade chest is specially made to contain this sacred liquid."

There was a profoundyang Fire Crow sealed inside the divine cauldron, so they definitely could not release it.

"Looks like I’ll have to spend a lot of time here." Chen Xiang decided that he would never leave this place unless he absorbed this pool of sacred liquid.

"This Holy Elixir is extremely precious, it allows you to convert the Innate Qi into Holy Energy in advance." Long Xueyi said.

"After the Immortal King Realm is the Immortal-becoming realm, you will need to undergo nine transformations before the Immortal Qi can be converted into Saint Force. Wouldn’t that mean that I have completed the Ninth Cycle of the Sacred Transformation?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No, in the process of the transformation into nine cycles, you will still need to constantly increase the power within your body, and at that time, all you need to do is to strengthen your body while transforming your Saint Force into a higher form." Long Xueyi said excitedly: "This way, your starting point will be very high, and with the Heaven Earth Killing Method and Four Symbols Divine Weapons you control, you will definitely be very strong in the future." 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"This Holy Elixir is much more precious than other things." Bai Youyou said: "Anyways, you have time here, so why not train with the pills, cultivate with the Heaven Earth Killing Method, and increase your divine soul?"

In addition, as long as the Sacred animal Dan and the God-eclipse powder were to be properly awakened, they could also become mid-grade Heaven level s. As for the high grade Heaven level medicinal ingredients, he also had them, so he could cultivate in seclusion here for a long period of time.

"After that group of fellows leave, it’ll definitely take a long time to digest the treasures they’ve obtained. Hopefully you’ll be able to make it up to that time." Su Meiyao said.

"I’ll do my best." Chen Xiang extended his hand into the chest and soaked it in the pale golden liquid. Using his Qi Method, he absorbed and refined the power.

... .... The matter of the Xie Family, Fire Divine Palace, Devil-suppressing Divine Palace, and Heaven Sword City in the Evil Dragon Mountain Range had already been found out by the higher-ups of many major forces.

The big powers had arranged a few spies amongst the four great powers, and now they had received some information. The four great powers had truly obtained some things left behind by the Evil Emperor, and there were even a lot of them.

But by doing so, they offended the Imperial Dragon Clan, because it was their territory and the Xie Clan did not go to look for the Imperial Dragon Clan. Instead, they went to Devil-suppressing Divine Palace and the Fire Divine Palace, and a dragon even died there.

He used to have a good relationship with these four great forces, but after some probing, he realized that these four great forces did not have the intention to share the harvest with their friends, but instead wanted to control them, causing the other Immortal Country Immortal Palaces to clash with the four great forces.

Inside one of the palaces in Human King Immortal Country, Wu Canghong’s face was gloomy, at the moment, the Human King Immortal Country was discussing how to deal with this situation, in this conference hall, all of the other palace masters were palace masters, most of them were Immortal Kings.

"Amongst the Nine Emperors, we only know that the Fire Emperor still exists and is in control of the Fire Divine Palace, but back then, the Fire Emperor was heavily injured by the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord and has not recovered yet. Even now, he is not as strong as before, but in the Nine Heavens, he is still a top-notch existence. This was what Wu Canghong was most worried about.

"If Fire Emperor did not stop us, the ones to suffer should be us Immortal Country, right? He will definitely exterminate or subdue the ones in charge of all of the Immortal Country, and then, he will take action against those super powers." Liu Zongyu sighed, "I don’t know who will be able to stop him. Amongst the Nine Emperors, his Ice Emperor had already been killed by Chen Xiang, and the whereabouts of the others are unknown."

"It’s fortunate that the Ice Emperor died, otherwise we would be in an even more miserable state. Although we wouldn’t tolerate each other’s actions, these two emperors had done many embarrassing things." An old man said.

"Looks like I have to invite those old ancestors out, and go discuss them with the other Immortal Country s." Wu Canghong said.

In just a few short days, many rumours were causing panic among the people. This was because everyone felt as if a great battle was about to break out at any moment. It was just like the great war from ancient times.

However, there were also those who remained calm. They felt that this matter did not concern them at all. If they were to fight, it would be because of the great powers. There was no way that they would have a good show to watch.

Chen Xiang had also disappeared during this period of time. Some of his friends were looking for him, but they couldn’t find him. There were no clues, but they knew that he went missing in the Evil Divine Palace.

At first, Liu Meng’er was very worried about Chen Xiang, but after seeing Hua Xiangyue, she felt a lot more at ease. This was because Hua Xiangyue had a contract with Chen Xiang, so if Chen Xiang died, Hua Xiangyue would also die, but Hua Xiangyue was still fine now.