Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had already stayed in Evil Divine Palace for ten days, he tried to use his hands to dig out the bottom of the jade box, but he could not find anything, it did not seem to be anything, but he could feel some lines, he guessed it was Spirit grain or something like that.

Every time he absorbed the sacred liquid for a period of time, he would refine one or two mid-grade Heaven level pills using the God purification. Right now, he had extremely strong flames and divine soul, so he could use the God purification rather easily. It wasn’t as difficult as before, but the consumption rate was still as fast, especially when using the Rainbow Heaven Fire.

"I need to refine more God-eclipse powder, this thing will work best with the Drunk god magical poison." Chen Xiang said, wanting to use creation divine liquid s to mature the Broken Soul Tree, the older the Broken Soul Tree, the higher the quality of the God-eclipse powder that was refined.

"No, I need to first refine a middle Heaven level Sacred animal Dan. Right now, I also need to raise my strength urgently, I have a bad premonition." Long Xueyi said very seriously, he wasn’t as coquettish as before.

"Alright, wait for me to successfully refine the Manifestation Pill." Chen Xiang said. Long Xueyi being able to raise his strength was a very important matter.

Chen Xiang still had one thing that made him uneasy all day, and that was that Luo Yitao had an engagement with him, and the Luo Family also had a very strong old City Lord. If Luo Yitao lost to Leng Youlan that day, he would definitely hold a grudge, and adding to the fact that he was heavily injured by Chen Xiang with a punch earlier, he didn’t know if Liu Zongyu and his wife could suppress the Luo Family and prevent Liu Meng’er from marrying Luo Yitao.

"You don’t have to worry too much, the Divine Craftsmen’s descendants still have strength. Liu Meng’er’s parents’ master must be very strong, if not Divine Sword Palace would not be so respectful to them." Su Meiyao said.

"In our era, the descendant of the Divine Artisan was a legendary expert. Although they rarely came out to travel, their prestige always remained. If the Heaven Sword City wanted to fight against them, he would have to pay a heavy price." Bai Youyou said.

Although they said it like that, Chen Xiang was still worried. He could only speed up his cultivation, as long as he was strong enough, he would be able to fight against the Heaven Sword City.

Time flew by, and in the blink of an eye, a hundred years had passed. A hundred years was just a blink of an eye period for nine days, but in the eyes of many, this period of time was extremely important, especially after knowing that the four great powers had obtained the Evil Emperor’s inheritance.

Coupled with the fact that Di Tian was slowly growing up, the rhythm of the nine heavens was much faster.

A great era was coming, and if one did not quickly possess strength in these nine days, then one would be eliminated when the great era arrived. If one wanted to stand firm at that time, then they must work hard right now.

Chen Xiang had been missing for a hundred years, and in these hundred years, there had been no news of him. There were rumors that he was killed by the four great forces in Evil Divine Palace, and Luo Yitao had often bragged about how he treated Chen Xiang that day.

When Chen Xiang was in the Evil Divine Palace, he was indeed captured by the four great forces, but they didn’t say anything about him escaping later on. Chen Xiang hadn’t appeared for a hundred years, and they truly believed that Chen Xiang died because with Chen Xiang’s surname, as long as he was alive, it was impossible for him not to cause any big ruckus.

Without Chen Xiang causing trouble, the nine heavens were indeed much calmer than before. However, this tranquility was like before the arrival of a storm, brewing with torrential rains that could descend at any time.

For example, Luo Yitao, ever since he came back from Evil Divine Palace, his strength had increased by leaps and bounds, and he often challenged some young experts, and even He Feng was defeated by him. Now, he had already become a Immortal King.

He Feng and him became Immortal Kings at about the same time, so when the two fought with the strength of the Immortal King, in the end, He Feng still lost.

Luo Yitao’s achievements were plentiful, everyone believed that the reason he had such strength was because he had obtained the Evil Emperor’s inheritance, and other than that, the Xie Clan’s Xie Kang was also doing the same.

Currently, the four youngest Immortal Kings were all from the four great powers, and they all had the legacies of the Evil Emperor s.

Luo Yitao frequently went to the Long family’s immortal palace to challenge Leng Youlan, but Leng Youlan never came out to fight. Over time, everyone thought that Leng Youlan was afraid, after all, Luo Yitao was the Immortal King, although Leng Youlan had defeated Luo Yitao before.

If he did not defeat Leng Youlan within a day, the hatred in Luo Yitao’s heart would not be eradicated. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Ever since Chen Xiang went missing, Luo Yitao had replaced him and became the young man with the greatest reputation. Although the things he did were not as world-shaking as Chen Xiang, and he even relied on the Heaven Sword City behind him, but everyone could not help but admit that’s strength was indeed strong, and now, even some old Immortal Kings did not dare to compete with him.

However, on this day, a shocking piece of news spread out. The disciple of the Divine Artisan’s descendant was actually going to be married to Luo Yitao.

Many people knew that Liu Meng’er and Luo Yitao had enmity, and there were rumors that the Divine Artisan’s descendant had gone to the Heaven Sword City to discuss on how to rescind the engagement, but who knew that it would turn into a war and the Divine Artisan’s descendant would lose in the end, so they could only agree.

Holy Pellet Region, Long family’s Immortal palace, Xue Xianxian was in the Long family’s huge mansion. When Leng Youlan, who was cultivating behind closed doors, heard that Xue Xianxian had arrived, he immediately rushed to the hall.

"How is Master?" Leng Youlan asked anxiously, she had also heard about the marriage between Liu Meng’er and Luo Yitao.

"A Divine Artisan descendant sent a few strong warriors to watch over Elder Sister Meng’er, preventing her from escaping. Furthermore, her parents were also closely watched by that Divine Artisan descendant." Xue Xianxian’s face was filled with helplessness as he looked towards Long Huishan for help: "Big sister Long, we definitely cannot let Elder Sister Meng’er marry that bastard. With Youlan and my strength, we simply cannot stop him.

Furthermore, when the time comes, Fire Divine Palace, Devil-suppressing Divine Palace and the Xie Clan will help the Heaven Sword City, they have long wanted to make a move against us. " Long Huishan frowned as he considered the pros and cons.

"Big sister, Elder Sister Meng’er is my brother’s woman, you have to take action." Leng Youlan said, revealing the relationship between Chen Xiang and the two of them.

"What?" Long Huishan was shocked as she looked at Xue Xianxian and Leng Youlan. Although she had known that Chen Xiang and Liu Meng’er were relatively close, she had not thought that it would develop to such an extent.

Xue Xianxian nodded, "When I was in Di Tian ... In short, it’s already very early. This little scoundrel has secretly helped my master many times, and he was the one who helped to create my master’s Fire Soul. "

"This brat, this is my master and my disciple ..." Long Huishan didn’t know whether to laugh or cry as he looked at Xue Xianxian and Liu Meng’er.

"Alright, looks like we can only fight. If it wasn’t for this kid helping me back then, the current Long family wouldn’t exist either." Long Huishan sighed, "It’s because of him that the other old dragons of the Ice Dragon bloodline have gathered together.