Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

and Wu Kaiming were currently in the same hotel. Although a huge table of luxurious and expensive dishes were placed on the table, the two of them did not eat anything. They had already waited here for more than two hours.

"Is that old lunatic playing with us on purpose? Or did he forget the time? He hasn’t come for so long." Wu Kaiming rubbed his bald head and said impatiently.

"Probably not. This time, he looks very anxious." Gu Dongchen shook his head.

They all knew that Huang Jintian called them over to stop Luo Yitao from marrying Liu Meng’er. Gu Dongchen and Wu Kaiming both knew about the relationship between Chen Xiang and Liu Meng’er.

If Chen Xiang hadn’t disappeared for so long, they definitely wouldn’t have worried, because Chen Xiang himself would definitely be able to handle it. But at this crucial point, when Chen Xiang still hadn’t appeared, Huang Jintian was already somewhat anxious.

Huang Jintian came, wearing a bamboo hat and disguised himself as a hunchbacked old man. After entering, he first cleaned up the dishes on the table, burped, and then said slowly: "The two of you have grown up quite fast, both of you are Immortal Kings, but you guys are too stingy, don’t call it a bigger table."

"Martial Ancestor, we can order another table of food over right now." Gu Dongchen said with a smile.

Huang Jintian did not find Wang Weiquan and Shao profoundyun because their relationship with Liu Zongyu was too good and Chen Xiang did not want them to know about his and Liu Meng’er’s relationship.

At this time, a person pushed open the door and walked in. It was a lady in a purple dress with an elegant figure, she took off her veil, revealing a beautiful and enchanting face, she was truly Hua Xiangyue.

"Master Ancestor, shouldn’t you call Master and Mistress over? They are both very strong. If you ask, they will definitely agree." said. In the Hundreds of Flowers Immortal Country, she had received Huang Jintian’s notice and quickly rushed over.

Huang Jintian shook his head: "Wei Quan and Xuan Yun originally had a female child, and now there is an extra brat, we are not only fighting against the Heaven Sword City, there are also a few big powers, and they are currently a whole family, we cannot involve them, because that female child and that brat have not grown up yet."

"As for us, we are all free and unconcerned. Even if we get into trouble, we will not drag our family down. We can slip away by ourselves."

Hua Xiangyue nodded his head, "Master Ancestor is right, even though we are all already Immortal Kings, but when the time comes, we will not only be facing the Heaven Sword City, maybe I will use the pills in my hands to recruit more helpers."

"No need, although Chen Xiang is missing, his group of little ghosts are still around. Although they are not Immortal Kings, if they are playing dirty, the Immortal Kings will all fall at their hands, and they have followed Duan Chong for so many years ... ... And there’s also the mysterious expert who snatched the divine sword from you. " Huang Jintian lowered her voice and said, "That little girl Xianxian has already escaped Divine Artisan Mountain Villa, and should be at the Ice Dragon Family right now.

Wu Kaiming, Gu Dongchen and Hua Xiangyue were all secretly surprised in their hearts. They never thought that the power to help Chen Xiang would be so robust.

"You three brats, at that time, if your identities are exposed, you will immediately distance yourselves from your master and say that you joined the Dragon Subduing School. This way, it won’t implicate your master’s family." Huang Jintian warned.

Gu Dongchen said: "Why do you say that we are joining the Dragon Subduing School."

Huang Jintian laughed, "What’s wrong with joining the Dragon Subduing School, Chen Xiang is extremely rich. When Di Tian appears above the Nine Heavens in the future, his dragon vein will be enough to make many big guys jealous, let alone those precious herbs he has."

Wu Kaiming sighed: "Looks like I have to leave the Wu Family, but there’s no other way, right now Human King Immortal Country does not dare to offend Divine Artisan Mountain Villa, let alone the great powers like Heaven Sword City and Fire Divine Palace."

Hua Xiangyue angrily snorted: "This Divine Artisan Mountain Villa is really something, it’s fine if they don’t stop him from marrying out, but they even trapped Meng’er. Even her parents are being watched by those people, what exactly did they eat wrong."

Wu Kaiming and Gu Dongchen were also confused, they had only heard that the Divine Artisan’s successor had lost to someone from the Heaven Sword City, so they had to keep their promise.

"Master Ancestor, this is just as the rumors say, the descendants of the Divine Craftsmen will lose to the Heaven Sword City." Gu Dongchen asked.

In the eyes of Gu Dongchen and the other two, Huang Jintian was an almighty existence, whose strength was always unknown, and furthermore, it rarely lost out to them. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"Nope." Huang Jintian snorted, looks like he knows the inside information as well. "There are a few old fellows in the Divine Artisan Mountain Villa who would only agree to marry Liu Meng’er because they covet some things in the Heaven Sword City."

"They exchanged Liu Meng’er for some very precious things, which were taken out by the Heaven Sword City from the Emperor’s Tomb, I don’t know the specifics."

Hua Xiangyue frowned: "Although Meng’er’s Inherent Skill is not bad, she isn’t worth Heaven Sword City exchanging with such a precious thing, right?"

Liu Meng’er now had the strength of an Immortal King, and there were also many women who were better than Liu Meng’er. Just based on the temptation of the Evil Emperor’s inheritance, it was possible for a few female Immortal Kings to marry into the Heaven Sword City’s Luo Family.

"Liu Meng’er has one of the Four Symbols Divine Weapons s." Huang Jintian said in a low voice: "I heard that this thing had always been on Liu Meng’er’s body and they were unable to take it off. Even so, Heaven Sword City still intends to first marry Liu Meng’er and then try to take it away."

When Hua Xiangyue heard this, he was instantly enraged. "This bunch of bastards, this is a deal, what do they take Meng’er to be?"

Wu Kaiming said: "That Suzaku Divine Weapon can’t even take it down from the Divine Artisan Mountain Villa s?"

Gu Dongchen said: "If we were to obtain it, they would not hand Liu Meng’er over to the Evil Emperor for some inheritance. I wonder what would happen if Junior Martial Uncle knew about this."

Huang Jintian sneered: "If that brat knew, both Heaven Sword City and Divine Artisan Mountain Villa would not have been spared. Although that brat isn’t that strong, when it comes to tricks, even I am ashamed of myself and can’t kill them.

"That’s enough, now we’ll go to the Long family and reunite with the others before discussing the process of the wedding."

After Huang Jintian finished speaking, he added: "Help me pay the teleportation fees, I’m a little tight with money."

Xue Xianxian had initially been imprisoned like Liu Meng’er, but now that they suddenly escaped, it caused the Divine Artisan Mountain Villa to be cautious, but they thought that Xue Xianxian would not be able to create too much of a commotion.

As for Chen Xiang, he was still in the Evil Divine Palace, and he had to use a hundred years to absorb and refine the box of sacred liquid.