Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The Immortal Kings were all shocked. This Divine Artisan Mountain Villa had many powerful formations of various sizes, with a history of many years, and they would maintain it meticulously every year. However, it had been destroyed by the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword s that Chen Xiang casually threw out.

To Divine Artisan Mountain Villa, this was a calamity.

Chen Xiang had already disappeared, he was rushing to the Heaven Sword City, and just now he did not use his true strength, it was only the power of his flesh, if he used his holy energy, the entire Divine Artisan Mountain Villa would have turned to dust.

The Heaven Sword City was located on top of a mountain. It was huge, almost like a city floating in the sky, filled with dense immortal qi.

Once Chen Xiang arrived, he immediately knew that a huge battle had broken out here, and on top of that, it was at the Transmitting Square s of the city.

That was more than two hours ago, and now that the Transmission array had been repaired, the efficiency of the Heaven Sword City was extremely high. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

However, when Chen Xiang teleported here, he was still able to see that the entire plaza was in ruins. After asking around, he found out that it was the Divine Artisan Mountain Villa that brought Liu Meng’er here, and a large group of experts surrounded them.

In order to prevent the battle from spreading to the entire city, the great array formation of the Transmitting Square was immediately activated. It was obvious that it was already prepared.

However, the result made Chen Xiang feel very disappointed, because that group of people still hadn’t snatched Liu Meng’er away, and since the Fire Divine Palace and the others were all here.

"They fell for it, who would have thought that Devil-suppressing Divine Palace and Fire Divine Palace were also involved in this matter." Chen Xiang clenched his fists and asked Long Xueyi to look for the person who was hiding here.

Because the Transmission array was destroyed at that time, Long Huishan and the rest must have only escaped, they were still hiding in the city, and now the people from the Heaven Sword City are looking for the whereabouts of those people.

Xue Xianxian and Leng Youlan had both appeared, because they were Liu Meng’er’s disciples. What made Chen Xiang even more surprised was that Huang Jintian, Gu Dongchen and Wu Kaiming were all present, and even Yun Xiaodao and the other little ghosts were participating in the battle.

Although Liu Meng’er was not taken away, the Heaven Sword City and Divine Artisan Mountain Villa had suffered heavy losses. This was because Duan Ming had also come, so with Duan Ming here, both Heaven Sword City and Divine Artisan Mountain Villa felt a certain amount of pressure.

"Found it, they’re hiding in the cave at the bottom of the mountain." Long Xueyi said.

Liu Meng’er’s big wedding was tomorrow, so there was still some time left. Right now, Chen Xiang had to go and take a look at Long Huishan and the others’ situation.

Chen Xiang was very grateful that they were able to come. He had concocted many healing pills in the past few years, so he should be able to help them.

Chen Xiang quickly found the cave they were hiding in. They were extremely vigilant, sensing that someone was approaching.

Sensing that the auras on their bodies were not weak, Chen Xiang secretly heaved a sigh of relief, which meant that their lives were not in danger.

"It’s me." Chen Xiang used his powerful God Power to penetrate their formation, and his voice reached everyone’s minds.

The concealment of the cave entrance immediately disappeared, and Xue Xianxian and Xue Xianxian who came out first, became teary the moment they saw that it was really Chen Xiang, because they had already tried their best to save Liu Meng’er, but they did not succeed.

"Let’s go in first." Chen Xiang rubbed their heads as he watched them walk out.

Everyone sat on the ground, there weren’t many people inside, other than Chen Xiang’s friends, Long Huishan had also brought ten experts from the Long family, which was considered very large in the nine heavens.

"Damn brat, we thought you had died." Long Huishan placed his hammer on Chen Xiang’s chest, but a smile still appeared on his face, but he helplessly sighed: "What’s left is up to you. We were almost unable to take Liu Meng’er away even after losing our lives, those fellows had already predicted that we would come, and would join forces to ambush us."

"If it wasn’t for Senior Duan, we might have been captured alive." Xue Xianxian looked at Duan Ming gratefully. Duan Ming was indeed strong, even though he was surrounded by a few experts with strength equivalent to his, he was still able to help them escape.

Huang Jintian said: "Brat, where have you been in these past hundred years? Could it be that you have been sealed within the Evil Divine Palace by those fellows?

In these past hundred years, Chen Xiang had not changed at all. He still looked the same as before, and did not feel that he had become stronger. Only Huang Jintian, Duan Ming and the old ice dragon could see anything.

"It’s a long story." Chen Xiang heaved a long sigh, he saw that the rest of them had also become very strong, and felt pleased in his heart, they were just slightly injured, and the seriously injured ones had all taken immortal pills.

Hua Xiangyue said: "Meng’er is currently in Heaven Sword City, what do you plan to do? It will be difficult to get into that place."

"Just like the Divine Artisan Mountain Villa, back then it was difficult even for me to enter the outskirts of the Divine Artisan Mountain Villa." Huang Jintian shook his head: "I need to hurry up and think of a way, if not it will be too late, and tomorrow will be my wedding day."

Xue Xianxian thought about how Liu Meng’er was going to marry Luo Yitao tomorrow, and said with some distress: "The great formations of the Divine Artisan Mountain Villa are all made up of Holy level formations, and there are a total of seventy-nine of them combined. Especially in the central region, which is the hardest to enter, and the defenses of the Heaven Sword City seem to have been reinforced by the Divine Artisan Mountain Villa as well."

Chen Xiang caressed her face and laughed: "Divine Artisan Mountain Villa has already been destroyed by me. After I found out about it, I immediately rushed to Divine Artisan Mountain Villa. I never thought that Meng’er wasn’t in there, and there weren’t any other powerful fellows.

"Elder Brother Shen, are you joking? Senior Duan already said that Divine Artisan Mountain Villa is very aggressive." Yun Xiaodao doubted.

"Why don’t you go take a look now?" Chen Xiang laughed: Who said that if we want to break through, we just have to sneak in, these arrays are normally just for defense on the outside, but if we are messing around inside, it’s impossible to defend against them.

Everyone was startled, they wanted to immediately run over to see what Chen Xiang had done to the Divine Artisan Mountain Villa. Although they did not know what happened, after hearing it, everyone was secretly pleased.

"Then you’re planning on going alone, why don’t I go with you?" Duan Ming said: "It’ll be safer this way. Right now, there are a few guys with strength equivalent to mine in Heaven Sword City. If I meet them, I can delay them for a while."

"Those fellows? It was them who sealed me back then. Fortunately, I broke their seal, otherwise, I would have already been killed by them." Chen Xiang clenched his fists and said, "Tomorrow is the wedding day, today we are going to break this mountain, since we have already formed enmity with the Heaven Sword City, there is nothing to be afraid of."

This mountain was very big, but breaking it was not difficult, especially for strong people like Chen Xiang.

Everyone inhaled a breath of cold air. Originally, they had only planned to cause a ruckus in the Heaven Sword City, but Chen Xiang had actually wanted to destroy the entire Heaven Sword City.

Chen Xiang laughed sinisterly: "Not only will we destroy this mountain, we will also need to pull out the Immortal meridians beneath it. That is the foundation of Heaven Sword City.