Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Before the sky brightened, Liu Meng’er had already woken up. She went to the bathroom, and washed the traces of happiness on her face.

"So that’s what Xiangyue meant when she said dual cultivation. There really are many benefits. No wonder this little demon is so concerned." Liu Meng’er, who had just tasted it, was completely immersed in its indescribable beauty.

She was wearing a simple and plain white dress, but she looked refined and refined, with every movement she made, she revealed her charm. Seeing the sweet and elegant smile on her face, Hua Xiangyue laughed: "That kid still hasn’t come out, as expected, Meng’er is really strong, making him unable to get out of bed."

Liu Meng’er pouted coquettishly, her face immediately flushed red: "Little demoness, you know that brat’s abilities much better than me."

Long Huishan coughed dryly: "I didn’t expect this little brother of mine to be so bad. In the future, I must make the girl from the Long family stay away from him."

"Big Sis Huishan, I think you’d better keep your distance from this little scoundrel. He has a long hand." Hua Xiangyue intentionally or unintentionally glanced at Leng Youlan who was drinking his fruit wine.

"Little demoness." Long Huishan snorted, of course she knew what Hua Xiangyue meant.

Xue Xianxian chuckled: "You Lan, quickly go call your brother up. We have something important to discuss with him."

Leng Youlan finished the fruit wine in the cup in large gulps, then quickly walked towards the small house. When she went in, Chen Xiang had just finished showering and had come out.

"Brother, Sister Xianxian told me to come and call for you because she has something important to discuss with you." Leng Youlan said.

"Since it’s something important, let’s go now." Chen Xiang and Leng Youlan immediately entered the hall.

At this time, many people were already seated in the hall, especially those old people, they were all very strong old dragons. Chen Xiang had even seen Long Peirong, as well as Long Peirong’s father, the mysterious very high Elder.

After Chen Xiang entered, he bowed to each and every one of these seniors.

"Is there something important?" Chen Xiang was a little worried that the Long family would not accept Liu Meng’er and the others, because after the incident with Heaven Sword City, it had a huge impact on them. It was equivalent to slapping the faces of a few major forces, which would definitely not let things go, especially Fire Emperor.

Long Huishan took out the Ice dragon sword and handed it over to Chen Xiang: "I’ll return this to you."

"Oh, why did you give it back to me? This was originally part of your Ice Dragon bloodline." Chen Xiang was a little confused, so they took it.

You once used this Ice dragon sword to summon the Ice Dragon Grandmaster, and you and the Ice Dragon Grandmaster have also interacted before, so even if this sword is in your hands, we feel that it’s nothing much. The very high Elder said.

Chen Xiang accepted it, then asked: "Just what is the important matter, please speak directly."

Those old Ice Dragons looked at Long Huishan. They wanted to make Long Huishan speak.

"Little brother, you can’t stay in the Long family for too long, sigh ..." Long Huishan sighed helplessly, "We have already done our best to communicate with Fire Emperor, but he still wants to make a move against you. If our Ice Dragon lineage wants to receive you, then Fire Emperor will immediately attack."

Chen Xiang nodded, he had already expected this would happen. She looked at Xue Xianxian and the others: "What about them?"

"Don’t worry, they will continue to stay here. Fire Emperor is only targeting you right now." Long Huishan said, "Among the nine emperors, only the Fire Emperor has shown himself. With his current strength, he has an extremely strong rallying power. Even if the other powers do not cooperate with the Fire Divine Palace, they would definitely not interact with us."

"Your Long family has already given me a lot of help. I alone cannot drag down the entire Long family. I understand." Chen Xiang sighed.

Leng Youlan, Xue Xianxian and the others had already known about this matter from a long time ago, but they didn’t think much of it. This was because they had been used to Chen Xiang roaming about outside everyday, but they felt that it was a pity that they didn’t have enough ability to be together with Chen Xiang, otherwise it would only implicate him.

When you get stronger and destroy Fire Emperor, there’s nothing to be afraid of. You leave this guy with Meng’er right now, making him angry and making him use all his power to deal with you. This is a very normal thing, it will be fine after a while. Long Huishan patted Chen Xiang’s shoulders and smiled at him.

"Yes, I’ll leave tonight." Chen Xiang said.

Chen Xiang, Xue Xianxian and the others reminisced for quite a while before they quietly left the Long family.

"Where are you going now?" Su Meiyao asked with a voice filled with jealousy, because her little man had fallen in love with another woman.

"We need to go to a very safe place and kiss sister Meiyao’s lips." Chen Xiang laughed sinisterly.

"Don’t be so talkative, just be serious. Where are you going next? Fire Emperor isn’t that easy to deal with. He might be able to find you anytime." Su Meiyao said seriously.

Chen Xiang thought for a moment, then said: "I plan to make a trip to Hundreds of Flowers Immortal Country, Flower Emperor might have a Alive Slain Method, if I want to quickly obtain its power, to defeat Fire Emperor, I need to gather all of it."

"A hundred years have passed, I wonder how strong Flower Emperor is now. If she really becomes strong, then she might have a Alive Slain Method." Su Meiyao said.

As for whether or not the Flower Emperor had the Alive Slain Method, Chen Xiang was not completely sure, but it was very possible that he did, so he had to make a trip to the Hundreds of Flowers Immortal Country to have a secret discussion with the Flower Emperor.

Chen Xiang had teleported from the Ice Dragon Immortal Palace to the Hundreds of Flowers Immortal Country’s main palace. This was also a great immortal palace, because there would often be many precious strange flowers and herbs appearing, so the Hundreds of Flowers Immortal Country was also where many outstanding Alchemist s gathered.

This made Chen Xiang even more suspicious of the fact that the Flower Emperor possessed the Alive Slain Method, and had used it to duplicate precious spirit herbs.

Although Flower Emperor was already a certain age, according to what Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou knew of her, Flower Emperor was merely a little girl compared to the old fellows of the large forces. However, she was called Flower Emperor because of the speed at which she was growing up.

Chen Xiang guessed that the Flower Emperor knew a series of precious medicinal ingredients, which was why she was able to use those precious medicinal ingredients to exchange for high level pellets. Or, she could get a few high level Alchemist s to help her refine the pellets, which was why she was able to quickly improve.

Chen Xiang’s youngest recognized sister was precisely the Flower Emperor’s disciple, so he felt that it shouldn’t be too difficult to meet the Flower Emperor.

"Little Ling is in closed door training. I’m sorry I didn’t see her. I should have a chance next time." When Chen Xiang was at the Long family, she wanted to see Shen Lingling. However, this little girl was very hardworking, spending all her time in seclusion to break through the bottleneck. Because she had some flaws in her body, she worked very hard the day after tomorrow.

Within the Hundreds of Flowers Immortal Country’s main palace, in a few of the bounty halls, there was already a bounty on Chen Xiang. Moreover, the latest news was that Chen Xiang had already left the Long family.

Chen Xiang was forced to leave the Long family because the Fire Divine Palace was already pressuring them. If Chen Xiang continued to stay there, the Fire Emperor would personally go over, and even if he couldn’t capture Chen Xiang, he would definitely exterminate the Long family.

If Chen Xiang left the Long Family, where would he go? Previously, Chen Xiang had gone missing for a hundred years, but after appearing, he actually had an extremely strong power, annihilating two powerful young Immortal Kings in succession, and even saved Liu Meng’er from the Fire Emperor. What was most unbelievable was that Chen Xiang destroyed the Divine Artisan Mountain Villa by himself.

And at this time, there was a rumor that Chen Xiang had been staying in the Devil-killing Summit for the past hundred years, so he could be considered to be one of the Devil-killing Summit’s people.

"If only Di Tian could appear above the Nine Heavens, then that would be great. With the White Tiger here, there’s nothing to be afraid of in the Fire Emperor." Chen Xiang sighed, because many of the major powers were already famous enough to help the Fire Divine Palace catch Chen Xiang.

Furthermore, Chen Xiang himself was an enemy of many great powers, plus he had the treasures, he would definitely be able to capture him.

Chen Xiang had also asked about the profoundyang Fire Crow. After he let the profoundyang Fire Crow out, the Heaven Sword City caused a huge ruckus, but just as he was about to make a move, he slipped away. He did not know where the profoundyang Fire Crow was now.

Heaven Sword City was also placing a bounty on the profoundyang Fire Crow. As long as there were any clues, he would be able to receive the bounty.

"What a pity. If this profoundyang Fire Crow had been sealed within the divine furnace all this time, perhaps one day, I might be able to tame it." Chen Xiang secretly sighed, and went to the entrance of the Hundreds of Flowers Palace.

There were two gigantic red flowers at the entrance of the Hundreds of Flowers Palace, and there were a few big men on top of the petals, they were all at the Immortal Monarch’s level of strength.

Furthermore, there was a very powerful barrier around the gate. Only those who had opened it could enter. Otherwise, it would be very difficult for even an immortal king to charge in.

"You should leave. Last time you were this rude, our Palace Master will not meet you again." The gatekeeper said to an old man.

"I know that I was wrong. I beg for your help and help me pass down the message to the Flower Emperor. Tell her that I have thought it through." Seeing that he was only a Late period of human immortal, the Flower Emperor actually dared to meet him.

That large man shook his head: "The Palace Mistress has said that she will not see you again. Please leave." VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Seeing how determined the big man was, the old man let out a long sigh and left dejectedly. Chen Xiang immediately followed behind him, leaving the entrance of the Hundreds of Flowers Palace far behind before he entered the old man.

"Old mister, why do you want to see Flower Emperor?" Chen Xiang asked directly.

The old man trembled. When he saw that the one who had asked the question was a handsome Xiao Huo, he was no longer as vigilant. His face darkened as he said, "You actually followed me?"

Chen Xiang immediately smiled apologetically: "I’m just curious, there are people in Hundreds of Flowers Palace, maybe I can help you."

"Hmph, even if you have people, it’s useless. Unless your people are disciples of the Flower Emperor, it’s useless, because I angered the Flower Emperor last time." The old man said.

Chen Xiang would never tell him that his recognized sister was Flower Emperor’s disciple.

The old sir is really powerful, to be able to meet the Flower Emperor, and furthermore it is fine to anger her, the old sir must be a famous Ranker. Chen Xiang said, he was truly curious why the old man wanted to see the Flower Emperor, because no matter how he looked at it, the old man did not seem to be a Ranker.