Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang took out a fiery-red bead that looked like a crystal ball emitting red light from within. It was extremely beautiful, and Ji Yuan immediately recognized what it was.

"The seed of the Earth tree." Ji Yuan said in shock.

"Good eye." Chen Xiang was sincerely impressed by Ji Yuan, he never thought that there would actually be someone who could recognize the seed of the Earth tree.

This seed was left behind by the Super Old Fire Beast when she gave it to him.

"If I’m not mistaken, the Earth tree planted by this thing might be able to lead to a world full of flames. The flames of our Nine Heaven World should all come from that world." Ji Yuan said.

Chen Xiang’s heart skipped a beat. If Ji Yuan didn’t say it, he really wouldn’t have thought of it in this way. It would be extremely difficult to go to the Heaven Realm.

There were many different types of Heaven Realm, which was why it was called Endless Heaven Realm. Even now, it still provided all sorts of energy to maintain the Nine Heaven World’s circulation.

"In any case, this is something of equal value." Chen Xiang pretended to be excited as he said. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Ji Yuan realized that Chen Xiang was not a simple person. He took note of the fact, and shook his head: "Even if we can go to that world where fire was created, the things that we can obtain from there will at most be of help to the people who cultivate fire. Furthermore, that place will definitely be very hot, and being able to go there is one thing.

Chen Xiang put away the Earth tree and said dejectedly: "So this thing was useless."

Ji Yuan laughed: "Both of us possess these seeds, and we even met each other, this is fate. Since I have two, then I will trade them with you."

Ji Yuan took out the jade box, took out a small golden seed and placed it on his palm.

Chen Xiang did not dare believe it. Of course he would be willing to trade the divine tree for it, because he could still use the creation divine liquid s to get them. He still had some of the Earthly fruit s’ flesh, but he needed a lot of them.

He took out the tree trunk. Although his face was filled with joy and excitement, he was extremely vigilant. This was because this Ji Yuan gave people a feeling that it was hard to trust.

Just as Chen Xiang took out the tree out, he suddenly felt that he couldn’t move anymore.

"Senior, you ..." Chen Xiang asked in shock.

"Haha ..." Ji Yuan laughed: "You know my secret, and have such a good thing too, do you think I will let you go? If I could kill you and take your thing, why would I use such a precious seed to exchange with you, naive brat."

"Haha ..." Chen Xiang also laughed out loud, which Ji Yuan did not understand.

"What are you laughing for?" Ji Yuan frowned and asked: "Your death is imminent."

Chen Xiang was still laughing loudly, "Why don’t you see if the seed in your hand is still there or not?"

The seed that was the size of a grain was in Ji Yuan’s palm just now. After sealing Chen Xiang’s dantian, he immediately clenched his fist.

"How did you take it?" Ji Yuan’s face suddenly changed, and became sinister.

Chen Xiang could feel that his dantian had been sealed, and immediately used the ability "Spatial Extraction". Ji Yuan did not have any defenses in this area, so Chen Xiang could easily get his hands on it without Ji Yuan noticing.

As for the seed of the divine tree in Chen Xiang’s hand, he had also immediately stored it into the ring. His powerful divine power was not sealed, so he was a bit worried right now.

"If you want to die quickly, hand it over." Ji Yuan shouted sinisterly, a burst of Innate Qi burst out from his body, it was actually a Immortal King, and a late stage Immortal King.

Now, Chen Xiang understood why his opponent would so easily seal his dantian. Ji Yuan was originally a strong Ranker with a mysterious origin, he must have mastered many powerful sealing arts.

"It’s better if you leave first. The seal on your body will take some time to unseal. You won’t be able to beat him for the time being." Long Xueyi said as he transferred her power into Chen Xiang’s body.

Chen Xiang used Long Xueyi’s power, adding his own divine power, he used the power of the spatial laws.

Ji Yuan had already pounced over, wanting to grab hold of Chen Xiang, but Chen Xiang teleported through space in that instant and disappeared within the private box.

"Little bastard, I will definitely catch you!" Usually, he was the only one who deceived others, while others were the only ones who suffered losses at his hands. But today, he had met a powerful character, and what infuriated him the most was that the other party was still a guy weaker than him, yet he still suffered a huge loss.

Chen Xiang came to the outskirts of a field and laughed out loud: "This old turtle, you failed to steal a chicken but ended up giving me rice, allowing me to earn big."

Long Xueyi spent an entire day to unseal the seal for Chen Xiang.

"That old turtle has some skills. If he had the power of the head disciple of the Fire Emperor, then that seal would be even harder to break." Long Xueyi said: "Back then, when a few Immortal-becoming realm experts sealed you up, I only used a few days, but this guy spent an entire day."

Chen Xiang scratched his chin and said: "Where exactly does this old fellow come from, his brain should have a lot of powerful things. I really want to use the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell on him, this old fellow doesn’t look like a bad guy, I didn’t think he would be so sinister."

"You don’t look like a bad person either." Long Xueyi chuckled.

"Damn, I’m not a bad person." This time, he had to quickly enter the Hundreds of Flowers Palace. Not only would he need to find the Flower Emperor to ask him about the Alive Slain Method, he also had to ask if the seed was real.

He changed his appearance and turned into a short, skinny old man who looked like he was about to burp. He slowly walked past the entrance of the Hundreds of Flowers Palace and actually saw Ji Yuan, who was not at the main entrance but was sitting at the side of the street facing the main entrance. He was drinking tea as his hawk-like eyes stared at the people walking past the Hundreds of Flowers Palace.

Chen Xiang sighed in his heart: "Looks like I can’t use a proper way to enter Hundreds of Flowers Palace. I hope that Flower Emperor won’t have too big of an opinion by then."

Chen Xiang was just passing by the Hundreds of Flowers Palace, but that Ji Yuan looked at him a few times, as if she had already noticed him.

"That old bastard is coming for you." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang, who was walking very slowly, suddenly quickened his pace and rushed to a corner. He turned into a small bug and flew into a window.

Seeing Chen Xiang speed up his footsteps, Ji Yuan felt that there was a problem, and ran over in a moment, but Chen Xiang had already disappeared.

"He actually ran away." Ji Yuan stomped his feet in anger. He never thought that the other party would be so cunning.

At this time, a female disciple of the Hundreds of Flowers Palace walked to the door. Chen Xiang immediately flew over, transformed into a strand of hair that floated onto the woman’s shoulder, and followed the woman into the Hundreds of Flowers Palace.