Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"My sister is her disciple." Chen Xiang said.

"Oh, she won’t accept any disciples. She said that not many people are qualified to be her disciple, so why would she take a fancy to your sister?" Grandma Lv was shocked, she did not know what was happening outside.

"Because my sister has obtained the Sword Emperor’s inheritance." Chen Xiang said again, for the outside world, this matter was no longer a secret.

"I never would have thought that even the Sword Emperor’s legacy would appear. If that’s really the case, then your sister is indeed qualified to become her disciple." The Grandma Lv nodded, then patted on a stone stool beside him, gesturing for Chen Xiang to come over and sit.

Chen Xiang carefully walked over and sat down.

Seeing his frightened look, the Grandma Lv laughed: "I say, what are you afraid of? You have the Devil-suppressing Golden Body, so you won’t die. Even though there’s poison everywhere, like on this stone bench, there’s a layer of Five Incense Bone Dissolving Flower."

"Also, the dirt under your feet was watered by the Purple Blood Centipede all year round. That’s why it grew such beautiful purple flowers."

The Grandma Lv caressed the purple-coloured flower.

Chen Xiang shuddered and asked: "If I didn’t have Devil-suppressing Golden Body, then I would have died a long time ago."

Grandma Lv smiled and nodded: "She has already turned into blood and became nourishment for my little garden. That big girl should have let you come here because she knows that you have cultivated the Devil-suppressing Golden Body, otherwise she would have harmed you. Did she know that you have the Devil-suppressing Golden Body?"

Lv Qilian of course knew that his having a Devil-suppressing Golden Body was no longer a secret.

"Got it."

Chen Xiang took in a deep breath and smelled a fragrance. It was a snow-white flower in the distance, and that flower was actually shaking slightly, as if it was trying to recruit him.

"Even if your sister is her disciple, she shouldn’t have let you come find me. There’s another reason." It was as if the Grandma Lv had never talked to anyone for thousands of years, as he kept on asking.

"So long-winded." Chen Xiang thought.

"There is a big secret between her and I. Initially, I had an agreement with her not to tell others, but since she told me to come find you, I believe that with your personality, she will definitely dig out everything about me and her."

Chen Xiang was also somewhat resentful towards Lv Qilian because she didn’t tell him beforehand to come here and find the Grandma Lv.

Even though his impenetrable made him uncomfortable here.

"I got a seed ..." Chen Xiang told the Grandma Lv about the mysterious seed.

"So that’s how it is. I’ve long since heard of the legend of this sort of child. I never imagined that he really was in the Archaeus region." Grandma Lv was very interested in this matter.

"Grandma Lv, why are you here? The Hundred Flowers Emperor was raised by you, and she won a bet to trap you here. Isn’t that a little too heartless?" Chen Xiang was purely curious.

"If she didn’t let me stay here, I would have killed your Devil-suppressing Divine Palace long ago. I have my enmity with her." Grandma Lv looked at Chen Xiang with a smile that was not a smile: "That girl is so arrogant and her heart is cold, I never thought that she would actually agree to let me tell you the location of the Alive Slain Method, you are still Devil-suppressing Divine Palace." Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Chen Xiang was worried that the Grandma Lv would have killing intent, and anxiously said: "I am not from Devil-suppressing Divine Palace, I also have enmity with the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace, if you old man can destroy the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace, I will give you a big gift."

"Oh, how interesting, a kid who cultivated to become a Devil-suppressing Golden Body actually has a grudge with him." Grandma Lv said as his eyes lit up.

Maybe I was fated with the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable, and in the end, I obtained the Holy Devil-suppressing seal. But those old guys in the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace didn’t recognize me, and even tried to steal my Holy Devil-suppressing seal, to be honest, I don’t want to become the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace at all. I only kept the Holy Devil-suppressing seal for self-defense, that thing is really powerful. Chen Xiang heaved a long sigh, "Those old turtles in Devil-suppressing Divine Palace, they look for trouble with me everyday. I have also killed a few of their Immortal Kings before, and a few of them had also done the same thing."

Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable’s Devil-suppressing Divine Palace was destroyed by them like this. Boy, I think highly of you, I can’t touch Devil-suppressing Divine Palace right now, but you can. The Grandma Lv suddenly laughed sinisterly: "This girl Qilian, knowing that I’m bored here, she specially sent you here to relieve my boredom."

Chen Xiang was unhappy again, because he had been tricked by Lv Qilian. He realized that it was indeed the case, because only someone who had cultivated into the Devil-suppressing Golden Body could come to this place.

"Once in a while, the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace will hold a competition to test the Lord of Demon Suppressing Hall. Anyone who cultivates in the Devil-suppressing method can participate in it, so of course you can too. As long as you complete those tests, you can become the Lord of the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace." The Grandma Lv said.

"Don’t you have many Palace Masters? Only the Head Palace Masters should have them." Chen Xiang said.

"Yes, so if you want to become the Head Palace Master, you still need to challenge two Divine Palace Protectors s, and you need to win streak. After that, even if you can’t win against the Head Palace Master, you have a certain position in the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace." The Grandma Lv said.

"What’s the use of that? I don’t care about that position." Chen Xiang said, he was a Leader of the Dragon Subduing School.

"Little idiot, of course I know that that position is useless, but if you can reach that step, the Holy Devil-suppressing seal in your hands will be useful, the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable has left something inside the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace, and it needs a Holy Devil-suppressing seal to open it." The Grandma Lv slapped his head, but Chen Xiang didn’t know what poison was added to it, causing him to feel cold.

"Alright, then I’ll go get the Alive Slain Method first." Chen Xiang said.

"You should first get the items from the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable. This way, it would be much easier for you to get the Alive Slain Method." Grandma Lv said: "To tell you the truth, other than Qilian, don’t even think about easily obtaining the Alive Slain Method."

"Why?" Chen Xiang was puzzled: "Isn’t she trying to trick me?"

"Didn’t she tell you that getting the Alive Slain Method is very dangerous?" Grandma Lv said: "Although this girl has a lot of eyes, she is not bad, especially for our own people."

Seeing Chen Xiang’s face full of suspicion, she said in a low voice: "Qilian is Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable’s granddaughter, and the Alive Slain Method was hidden by Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable, so she can get it, but if others were to go, they would definitely die."

"This... It’s true, Flower Emperor is actually the daughter of Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable. " Chen Xiang was in disbelief.

"Hehe, actually, I am her mother and she is my daughter with Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable." Grandma Lv’s words shocked Chen Xiang even more.

"I don’t believe you, you are Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable’s wife, why do you still have to destroy Devil-suppressing Divine Palace?" Chen Xiang remembered that this Grandma Lv had quite a huge enmity with her.