Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Just as the shopkeeper finished speaking, Su Meiyao spoke in a serious tone: "This Little Lizhi is very powerful. Back then, we already became very strong when we were in the same period of time, when I joined hands, I am afraid I was no match for her. Even now, it has been a long time since I have seen her grow up, I think you have truly angered the Hundreds of Flowers Palace."

"Ji Meixian had once fought with her before. It is said that the battle was one between extremely rare women, causing many men to feel ashamed." Bai Youyou said.

Chen Xiang couldn’t sit still any longer. He didn’t think that he would explode with the name of an old granny, and even call her Little Lizhi. Such a cute name, was unexpectedly a devil lady.

"Don’t worry, I’ll beat her until she cries." Chen Xiang was a little worried in his heart, but he had to continue being arrogant. After all, other people did not know that he was Chen Xiang, so what if he lost?

Originally, Devil-suppressing Divine Palace was happy because of the powerful Chen Xiang, but now that there was a female Demon, they started to curse Chen Xiang secretly. Of course, they knew that Hundreds of Flowers Heavenly Emperor was Chen Xiang, so they cursed him even more.

Just as Chen Xiang was sipping his tea, the shopkeeper ran in again: "Master, Hundreds of Flowers Palace’s people are here."

Chen Xiang leaned on the chair, looking at the beauties dancing in the hall, and said disapprovingly: "It’s normal, they hate me so much, they definitely know where I am."

Not long after, Chen Xiang sensed a strong killing intent accompanied by a unique fragrance approaching him. He did not even need to look to know that it was the people from the Hundreds of Flowers Palace that had walked into the hall.

Lv Qilian brought over ten girls in. Although they all had a veil over their face, the moment they came in, the dancers on the stage immediately became sad. In terms of temperament, the Hundreds of Flowers Palace women were far better than the dancers.

There were many people in the hall, but when they saw Flower Emperor, their hearts inexplicably jumped. They did not dare look straight at the people of Hundreds of Flowers Palace, worried that they would get beaten up.

Only Chen Xiang was there alone, and he acted like nothing had happened. He drank his tea and shouted, "Why did you stop, continue jumping, I gave the Spiritual crystal to him."

Chen Xiang turned his head and glanced at the girls from the Hundreds of Flowers Palace.

"That short haired girl is Little Lizhi, she hasn’t changed at all." Su Meiyao said.

Chen Xiang saw a beauty with short hair with a round face. She looked very petite, and her eyes couldn’t even reach his chest.

Little Lizhi walked over, and everyone did not even dare to breathe loudly. They knew that the people from the Hundreds of Flowers Palace were definitely here for the Hundred Blossom Emperor who was crazy.

Sure enough, Little Lizhi arrived in front of Chen Xiang and asked in a delicate voice, "You are that bastard."

Chen Xiang glanced at her a few times and said: "Women who call me a bastard usually do so on their beds, hehe."

The men present immediately understood and laughed in their hearts, but they did not dare smile. Little Lizhi was known for being ruthless, it was as if they had already seen Chen Xiang’s head being cut off by Little Lizhi.

"You ..." Little Lizhi’s face turned cold, and the faraway Lv Qilian also released a threatening pressure.

"What are you doing? I didn’t provoke you. Why are you running in front of me and asking if I’m that bastard? I’m already being polite not to scold you, stop causing trouble for no reason." Chen Xiang felt killing intent coming from all directions, but he remained calm. This made many people secretly admire him, if it was anyone else, they would have peed their pants in fear.

"You are the one who called himself Hundreds of Flowers Heavenly Emperor." Little Lizhi was more restrained and did not lose control of the situation.

"That’s right, I am the Hundreds of Flowers Heavenly Emperor. Is there a problem?" Chen Xiang leaned on the chair, his legs swinging, looking extremely arrogant.

"It’s good that you’re right. Just you wait." Little Lizhi gritted her teeth and turned to leave. She could already tell that the person in front of her was a hooligan and definitely would not speak reason with her.

The people of Hundreds of Flowers Palace also stayed in this hotel, this made Chen Xiang a little uncomfortable, but he did not want to move out either, if not others would say that he was afraid of Hundreds of Flowers Immortal Country.

"Just now, Flower Emperor used her divine power to look at you a few times, but she didn’t see through it. Furthermore, I even camouflaged your dantian a bit, so she must have suspected that you were Chen Xiang. Long Xueyi said.

"Not necessarily, this woman is very shrewd. She knows that I have gone to find Grandma Lv, and may come back during this period." Chen Xiang said: "It doesn’t matter if she knows, I won’t admit it even if I die. It won’t be that easy for her to kill me either."

"That Little Lizhi looks quite handsome." Chen Xiang returned to his room, rubbed his chin and laughed.

"It’s not bad, it’s quite tasty." Long Xueyi laughed.

"They are here for you. Little Lizhi is much stronger than before, you should think about how to defeat her." Bai Youyou said: "Flower Emperor is Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable’s daughter, so she will definitely have more Devil-suppressing method than Devil-suppressing Divine Palace. When the time comes for us to exchange pointers, she will need to use the Devil-suppressing method, so for Little Lizhi to have such a battle skill in the Demonic Realm, he must have an extremely strong control over the Devil-suppressing method."

"If worst comes to worst, I’ll just reveal my identity, use my true sacred power plus the power of the Holy seal. If worst comes to worst, I’ll just fuse the Devil-suppressing method and the Devil-suppressing method together." Chen Xiang said.

"If it doesn’t work, then there’s still me. Defeat her." Long Xueyi laughed. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Chen Xiang laughed. Just as he was about to take a good bath, he suddenly heard a voice in his mind.

"You are Chen Xiang, I can already see it. Stop pretending, what are you doing?" The voice in Chen Xiang’s mind, was precisely Lv Qilian’s voice.

Chen Xiang’s heart jumped a few times. He did not reply and walked into the bathroom.

"Who are you? Don’t think that just because your spiritual sense is strong that you can peek at other people bathing, female hooligan." Chen Xiang used a different voice to respond: "I think you recognized the wrong person, what does Chen Xiang matter, he came to me to be arrogant, I will still beat him down."

Flower Emperor had been using her divine sense to monitor Chen Xiang this whole time, who knew that Chen Xiang would suddenly take off her clothes. She had indeed seen some things that she shouldn’t have seen, causing her face to immediately turn red.

Chen Xiang was soaking in the bath as he said unhappily, "It was really lucky to have her."

"It seems like she is still suspicious." Long Xueyi laughed, "Why don’t you reveal your identity now and then accuse her of peeking at you while you shower?"

Chen Xiang shouted: "You female rogue, who the hell are you, you actually peeked at me bathing in the middle of the day?"

The entire restaurant heard his voice, and it immediately caused everyone to imagine.

"Shut up." Lv Qilian immediately sent a sound transmission to him and shouted in anger.

"Let me shut up, wow ..." It’s better if you kill me and silence me. The female hooligan peeked at me while I was taking a bath. Furthermore, my spiritual sense is very powerful, so I don’t know who it might be. " Chen Xiang continued to shout.

The faces of the Hundreds of Flowers Palace’s girls were filled with surprise. Of course they knew who was stealing glances at that bastard.

"I’ll cut his tongue off." Little Lizhi said.

"Forget it, I’ll go rest first." Lv Qilian closed his eyes, sucked in a small breath of air, and then, walked into the room.