Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

She had recognized the wrong person, but in reality, she had not recognized the wrong person, and that was Chen Xiang. Furthermore, right now, Chen Xiang had secretly slashed her with his knife in reverse, even she herself did not realize it.

"All of you stay here. Don’t act rashly. You must teach that guy a lesson in broad daylight. I have something to do." Lv Qilian returned to the Hundreds of Flowers Immortal Country and headed towards the Hundred Flowers Mountain Range.

Although Grandma Lv knew that Lv Qilian had come, she did not come out. Although her own daughter did this for her own good, and did not let her go around randomly, she was still a little angry. She hid inside the house, not wanting to see.

"Mother." Lv Qilian shouted lightly from outside the door. Of course she knew that the Grandma Lv had purposely not seen her. It had been like this for many years.

"At this time, you should be at the Demon Suppressing Immortal Palace. You might soon be able to find your father." The Grandma Lv sighed, she already knew everything that Lv Qilian had arranged.

"That brat did not participate in the Palace Mistress’ assessment. He did not do as I expected. Instead, he attacked his enemies, and one of them was the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace." This was the first time Lv Qilian felt this defeated, so she could only come to Grandma Lv to pour her heart out.

The Grandma Lv opened the door and walked out. Lv Qilian walked over and sat on a stone stool.

"Sigh ..." Grandma Lv slowly walked down and sighed.

"Have you thought about why he didn’t follow your plan?" She already knew the reason why. The last time Chen Xiang was here, she could already see that Chen Xiang was dissatisfied with what he had done.

Lv Qilian thought for a while with a frown, then shook his head: "I don’t know, I don’t understand. If you had already told him about me, he would have gone to the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace. He’s in a hurry to obtain the Alive Slain Method."

The Grandma Lv caressed Lv Qilian’s head affectionately and sighed: "He was not someone who was willing to be controlled. You made a mistake from the start."

"What was my mistake?" Lv Qilian still did not understand, because in her eyes, everyone was the same. Even her mother had lost to her, let alone a man like Chen Xiang.

"All wrong." "Your surname is just like that, you are too arrogant, and you look down on him a lot, even if he is useful to you, even if he is a very powerful person."

I don’t think anything’s different about him. Greedy, lustful, dissatisfied, and he likes to play around with small tricks, even bribing people’s hearts, liking to make enemies everywhere, fighting everywhere. Right now, he’s making enemies everywhere, he probably needs the Alive Slain Method very badly. Lv Qilian said.

Grandma Lv shook his head and sighed, "From the very beginning, you had been full of prejudice against him. Have you ever thought about his strengths?

"In my opinion, he’s not bad. He’s not that bad. Perhaps you should be more sincere towards him and not always think of a plan to control him. He is not someone you can control."

Lv Qilian snorted: "I’ve already told her my name and told him to come find you. Now, he already knows my greatest secret and he’s even blabbering about my father being the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable.

"Isn’t it fine if you just tell him about these things? He wholeheartedly wants to cooperate with you, but you want to manipulate him as if he’s playing chess. Do you think he can’t see that he’s brainless? He has so many enemies, and he died a long time ago." Grandma Lv shook his head. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

"But he had to listen to me in the end. Only I can help him obtain the Alive Slain Method." Lv Qilian said.

Look at you, can’t you hold him in a higher light? You’ve never fallen down before, but that doesn’t mean you won’t fall down in the future. Now that this kid is out of your control, he might have to retaliate. Grandma Lv laughed: "I hope he can beat you."

"That’s impossible. He has a request from me. Sooner or later, he will lower his head to me." Lv Qilian said.

"Then you won’t need his help anymore, he has the Holy Devil-suppressing seal in his hands, he has the ability to play with you, and he is no longer your chess piece, but your opponent. What you need to do now is not to control him, but to deal with him on the board, or to reconcile with him." After Grandma Lv finished speaking, he stood up and walked into the house without saying a word.

Lv Qilian was angry in her heart, she had never thought that Chen Xiang had the power to change from a chess piece to her opponent. In her proud heart, she had never treated Chen Xiang as her opponent, although he had great potential, she was now the Hundred Blossom Emperor, and her power was growing stronger and stronger.

She had returned to the hotel in the Demon Suppressing Palace, and the moment she returned, she heard the news of the seed. She was angered to the point that she was gnashing her teeth, but she was unable to find Chen Xiang.

"Give me this matter and then ask me to take back the seed. In the end, others will only pay attention to me. What a good method." Lv Qilian really wanted to throw away the seed in her hands, but she was a person with principles, and she was also a bit worried that she would fall out with Chen Xiang.

What surprised Chen Xiang the most was that not long after the news regarding the seed had spread, the people from the Starry Sky Ancient Region had spread the news, hoping that the Flower Emperor would exchange it in time because it was a treasure of the Starry Sky Ancient Region.

In this way, what had originally been a rumor had now become a reality.

Flower Emperor had a miraculous seed, if this seed was grown, it could open up a path to a place filled with Holy level medicinal herbs.

The Ancient Starry Sky Region had long suspected that the Flower Emperor had obtained that seed, and now that the news was out, they were even more convinced.

Lv Qilian really wanted to tell everyone that Chen Xiang had given her this seed, but she felt that no one would believe her words, because no matter what kind of rubbish it was, they could blame it on Chen Xiang.

"Send a message to the palace, tell them to quickly find Chen Xiang, I need to talk to him." Lv Qilian closed her eyes and inhaled deeply, restraining the rage in her heart. It had been a long time since she was this angry.

"Mistress, about the seed ..." Little Lizhi did not know about this.

"It’s true. Right now, the leaders of the various big powers are all paying attention, so our Hundreds of Flowers Palace will probably be surrounded and annihilated, but don’t worry, I can hold on, the most important thing right now is to find Chen Xiang." Lv Qilian didn’t think that he would actually be forced to admit defeat. She didn’t think that Chen Xiang would actually resist her so strongly.

Chen Xiang was right below her, happily eating and drinking to his heart’s content.

"Right now, it’s just the beginning, the good show is yet to come. Do you really think I’m some weakling that’s easy to pinch? I previously respected you and truly wanted to cooperate with you. Yet you came to play with me and refused to accept my offer."

Chen Xiang was ecstatic. The examination would officially start tomorrow, and because of the matter of the seed, many people would probably come here to stare at the Flower Emperor.