Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang, who was about to stop his attack, had actually performed such a strange action, and actually grabbed onto Little Lizhi’s extremely powerful Subduing Demon God Fist.

The people watching the battle from outside the barrier, especially the big shots, all felt that it was unbelievable. Because Chen Xiang did not have any other energy on him, the holy power in him had dissipated a long time ago.

What was shocking was not only this, but also Chen Xiang’s strange strength. Everyone could see that after Little Lizhi managed to grab Little Lizhi’s fist, it could not be pulled away, and was firmly held by Chen Xiang.

"You ..." Little Lizhi gave Chen Xiang a few kicks, trying to get him to let go. But what surprised her was, she felt as if she had kicked a very hard thing, causing Chen Xiang’s body to suddenly become very hard.

"Cluck, cluck ..."

Everyone suddenly heard the sound of bones rubbing together, Little Lizhi frowned, she felt as though her fist was going to be crushed by Chen Xiang, she kept transferring all of her power to the fist, trying to restrain her energy, if not her fist would be crushed by Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang closed her eyes, then suddenly fell down head first, still tightly grabbing onto Little Lizhi’s fist. Little Lizhi was also pulled down by the energy, and laid down on top of Chen Xiang’s body, causing her to be extremely embarrassed and angry.

When she stood up, her jade fist was still being held tightly by Chen Xiang, but she did not shrink it any further, as Chen Xiang had already fainted.

"You win." The old hall master anxiously walked in, and Lv Qilian appeared beside Little Lizhi in a flash. She first checked on Chen Xiang’s body, and realised that he was not dead.

Because she was starting to suspect that the Hundreds of Flowers Heavenly Emperor was Chen Xiang again, but after looking around, she dispelled her suspicions.

"What is going on? Why is this guy so powerful?" Little Lizhi couldn’t even pull out his fist with all his might.

"This body... It should be the stage where my Body of Heavenly Sage has reached perfection. " Lv Qilian said in shock. She released her energy to investigate Chen Xiang’s body, and discovered that his body was of an extremely high quality. His bones were all gold.

With Body of Heavenly Sage at full mastery, many people expressed their disbelief, but they had already seen how terrifying Chen Xiang’s body was. Even though he had suffered such punches and kicks, he was still fine.

However, it was inconceivable that an immortal king could cultivate such a body.

It took Lv Qilian a bit of effort but managed to get Chen Xiang to let go of her hand. As for Little Lizhi’s jade hand, it was already swollen red from being squeezed, and the energy caused her to feel a lingering fear, because she knew that an extremely terrifying power was still hidden in Chen Xiang’s body. It was just that it had not been released.

"Take him away." Lv Qilian looked at the old Hall Master and asked, "When will the true examination begin?"

"About three days. After the others have fought their partners, we can rest for another three days." The old Palace Master looked at Chen Xiang and said, "You guys won’t take revenge on him, right?"

"Would our Hundreds of Flowers Immortal Country do such a thing? He lives right below us, we are just sending him back." Lv Qilian said coldly.

Chen Xiang was carried away by the two women and brought back to the hotel by Lv Qilian and the others, where he rented a room for them.

After two days, Chen Xiang finally woke up. By now, he had completely recovered and was in an unprecedented good state. He laid on his bed and looked at the familiar roof. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

"Why am I here? Am I not fighting with Little Lizhi?" Chen Xiang suddenly sat up, he looked at the injuries on his body, and all of them had already disappeared.

"You lost, and were carried back by them and thrown here." Long Xueyi said.

"Did they do anything to me?" Chen Xiang said in fear.

"No, but I was not careful, and let the Flower Emperor find out that you have cultivated the Large Success of your Body of Heavenly Sage." Long Xueyi said.

"It doesn’t matter." Chen Xiang looked at his palms. He didn’t know why, but he felt that his strength had increased by a lot, especially that of his flesh.

"What happened?" Chen Xiang did not know about what had happened.

"You don’t remember." Long Xueyi immediately told him about his astonishing grab.

Chen Xiang frowned as he thought about it, "At that time, I only felt that I had fallen into a pitch-black abyss, and then I lost consciousness. When I woke up, I was right here."

"Could it be that mysterious soul inside the Killing-god heart again?" Chen Xiang took a deep breath. Previously, when he was competing in swords with other people, it was the Killing-god heart’s mysterious soul that controlled his body and unleashed an astonishing sword strike.

Even though he was now an Immortal King, he was still unable to fully unleash that sword attack. He knew that he still hadn’t completely used his full strength, so this shouldn’t have anything to do with cultivation techniques.

He felt that he needed a certain level of cultivation and cruel training. Combined with his comprehension, he might be able to be like the mysterious soul inside the Killing-god heart, able to completely understand the power in his body and control it according to his will, making himself stronger.

"How did that guy manage to do that? I clearly have very powerful strength, but I am unable to unleash it. I am truly trash." Chen Xiang often thought about this problem. He would never forget that one sword strike, and he would sometimes try it as well, but he was still far from reaching that state.

"Little Lizhi is here, outside the door." Long Xueyi said.

Just as she reminded Chen Xiang, he heard someone knocking on his door.

Chen Xiang walked over to open the door, seeing Little Lizhi’s displeased face, he laughed: "Good partner, thank you so much. You didn’t have to worry about me after sending me back, I’m fine now."

"Ha! Who’s worried about you? I’m only here to ask you one last time, do you want to change your name?"

Although she had won, she did not feel a trace of happiness from winning. Instead, she felt that the other party had given in to her, and she would probably never forget Chen Xiang’s last strike. That kind of overwhelming power made her feel that there was a terrifying demon hiding in Chen Xiang’s body.

"Why should I change my name? I think this name sounds nice, but aren’t all of you being a bit too nosy?" Chen Xiang chuckled. "If you become my wife, I will change."

"You ..." Little Lizhi looked at him angrily, her jade fists were already clenched tight enough to make a "ge ge" sound, and she couldn’t wait to smash Chen Xiang’s teeth with one punch.

"Is there something wrong with you, bastard?" Little Lizhi shouted.

"Yeah, can you cure it?" Chen Xiang’s face was full of smiles, as if he deserved a slap.

Bang, Little Lizhi forcefully closed the door, stomped his feet and left.