Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Tai Kang, your spirit cultivation seems to be much more powerful than our Divine Devil Cult’s geniuses. You might even be able to enter the Immortal-becoming realm very soon with your boundless future." The Divine Devil Cult flattered on the side.

Tai Kang smiled slightly, looked at Little Lizhi who was painfully struggling on the ground, then opened his palm and said: "The Thunder power that I used just now, let’s try the flame now."

Just as he was about to start, a wave of energy came through. The bead in his hand suddenly disappeared into thin air.

It was Chen Xiang who had used the power of the spatial laws in the distance to take things in from the air.

"Very strong power of space." Tai Kang’s face became ugly, the four of them immediately looked around, and at this time, Little Lizhi who was trapped within the Holy level’s treasure web had also disappeared.

Chen Xiang hid himself on a tree in the distance, while Little Lizhi laid in his embrace. He took off the Holy level Treasure Web, and when he saw the weak Little Lizhi, he couldn’t help but sigh in admiration at the power of the net, which had actually turned the arrogant Little Lizhi into such a state.

"Hey, are you alright?" Chen Xiang lightly slapped her jade face, making her fiercely glare at him. If it wasn’t for Chen Xiang saving her, she might have already gone berserk.

Little Lizhi’s body was powerless, you could see that she was severely injured, the network probably caused severe damage to her blood channels, she just let Chen Xiang hug her, then closed her eyes and started to heal herself.

"It should be that Hundreds of Flowers Heavenly Emperor. She actually did not kill that brat." Tai Kang said angrily: "That brat knows how to use Spatial Strength, only he can do that. He should be somewhere nearby, quickly find him." UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Chen Xiang told Long Xueyi to release her Boundless Divine Power and to conceal himself with Little Lizhi. However, a barrier that appeared on the outside could make them disappear as well as prevent them from being seen from the outside.

"Hide yourself well, I haven’t recovered yet. You’d better not attack." Little Lizhi opened her eyes. She saw that Chen Xiang was actually ready to make a move, so she hurriedly warned him.

Chen Xiang suddenly grabbed onto her jade hand, causing him to shout: "What are you doing?"

"Let me see how bad your injury is." Chen Xiang grabbed her wrist and penetrated through it with a Divine Power, checking her injuries: "Don’t resist me, relax."

Little Lizhi’s chest rose up and down, looking at Chen Xiang with some anger. Just now, he was touching her face, and now, he was touching her hands as well. This was the first time she was being played around by a man, and her buttocks were actually Chen Xiang’s thighs.

"Relax, I need to recover your injuries quickly." Chen Xiang said.

Little Lizhi took a deep breath, and stopped resisting Chen Xiang’s divine power. She closed her eyes, as she also wanted to quickly leave this place and forget about everything.

"It’s quite serious. I won’t be able to recover until the next month." Chen Xiang laughed, "That net is so powerful, but it is already mine."

"Don’t be moved by me, or I will die together with you." Seeing Chen Xiang smiling so happily, Little Lizhi started to worry secretly.

Chen Xiang laughed: "Thank you for your reminder, otherwise I wouldn’t have such thoughts."

Little Lizhi was furious in her heart, this was what she had said to Chen Xiang earlier. She had always hated Chen Xiang and had also beaten him severely, but now, she suddenly felt that other than some brain problems, Hundreds of Flowers Heavenly Emperor was actually quite a good person. At the very least, he had saved her now, or else if she fell into their hands, the consequences would be unimaginable.

Chen Xiang took out a small flower that was carved out of jade. It was extremely beautiful, and Little Lizhi was stupefied when he saw it, not only because of the beauty of the flower, but also because she knew what kind of flower it was.

"This is ..." Jade Dragon Flower. " Little Lizhi was shocked, she could see the dragon carving on top of the petal, as well as the exquisite dragon scales.

"That’s right, I can help you quickly recover from your injuries and finish off those four fellows." Chen Xiang took off a petal and placed it next to Little Lizhi’s lips.

"Open your mouth." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Hmph."

Little Lizhi scoffed, and opened her mouth slightly. She looked very enticing right now, making Chen Xiang very tempted to go over and kiss her, but he didn’t dare, because the consequences would be very tragic.

"I’ll recover soon." After Little Lizhi finished speaking, he gently said: "Thank you."

"Hehe, now do you know why I’m called Hundreds of Flowers Heavenly Emperor? In my eyes, Jade Dragon Flower is nothing." Chen Xiang said smugly.

Little Lizhi snorted, then closed his eyes and refined the power brought about by the small piece of petal. Chen Xiang put her down and let her lean against the tree trunk, the branches of the big tree were very thick, and it was not a problem for the two of them to be on it.

"Wait a moment, capture Tai Kang and the azure-dressed man alive." Chen Xiang said seriously: "I want them to be useful."

"What’s the use?" Little Lizhi asked: "You want their things, their Storage magic treasure s all have restrictions on them, other than yourself, others cannot open them, just kill them all."

"Tai Kang is a divine cultivator from the Fire Divine Palace, he is very important. That azure-dressed man is from the Divine Devil Cult, I would like to know his purpose in coming to the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace." Chen Xiang said.

"Divine Devil Cult, this is real." Little Lizhi gritted his teeth: "Divine Devil Cult, I won’t let them go."

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "Right now, Divine Devil Cult should be preparing to come out from the water with a high profile. If we can get the seed in your Flower Emperor’s hands, it will be of great use to them."

Now, Little Lizhi realized that this annoying bastard was not as simple as he thought, and was also very cunning. Luckily he treated her well, otherwise, she might have been set up by him.

"Don’t tell me you don’t want to obtain the seed of our Asgard Master?" Little Lizhi asked.

"If I were to trade with you, would your Asgard Master give it to me?" Chen Xiang laughed.

"I don’t know." Little Lizhi shook her head: "Asgard Mistress has always been good to me, but that seed is also very important to her. But no matter what decision she makes, I will never blame her.

That seed was Chen Xiang’s, of course he wouldn’t use Little Lizhi to exchange for it. As long as he asked, Lv Qilian would definitely return it to him.

"Then I’ve saved you. You have to repay me." Chen Xiang said.

"Of course." She looked at Chen Xiang. "How do you want me to repay you? If you want me to repay you with my own flesh, then you should just kill me."

Chen Xiang laughed: "If I really want to make a move on you, I can do it right now, cough cough, you have to agree to three conditions."

"As long as I can do it, speak." Little Lizhi was already prepared to be slaughtered by Chen Xiang.

"First, leave behind the lives of Tai Kang and the azure-dressed man. Second, accompany me deep inside. I didn’t think about it at the moment, but if I didn’t say anything about these five days, then the third rule would be invalid. Also, the matter of you and I being here must be kept a secret, and it definitely must not be leaked, including the Flower Emperor. " Chen Xiang said.

"No problem." Little Lizhi promised straightforwardly.