Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"What kind of memories did you find?" Little Lizhi was a little curious.

"Divine Devil Cult and Fire Divine Palace have secretly joined hands. They wanted that seed and then they planted it together. It seems like their goal is to go to that Heaven Realm." Chen Xiang said: "The memories I have are limited, this is what they know about this matter."

Chen Xiang did not completely devour the other party’s memories, so it would take some time, and it would not be good if he had too much memories as well. He was only looking for some crucial and useful things, such as where the Divine Devil Cult was hiding and the thing that could give birth to divine soul that he had always been thinking about.

"Just what kind of origin do you have? You have mastered the powerful Devil-suppressing method, and yet you also understand the unique Devil Dao arts of the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell." Little Lizhi frowned and asked.

"I am Devil-killing Summit." Chen Xiang casually found an excuse.

Hearing that it was from the Devil-killing Summit, Little Lizhi did not ask more about Chen Xiang’s origins. "I heard some rumors that your Devil-killing Summit had also sent people to snatch that seed, could it be you?"

"No, I have no interest in that seed, if not I would have caught you long ago. Although I am a member of the Devil-killing Summit, I have never stepped onto that mysterious Devil-killing Summit, and currently, I do not have that power either. So, the reason why the people from the Devil-killing Summit are here has nothing to do with me." Chen Xiang said: "You promised me, you must keep this a secret, and can’t tell anyone else that I’m here.

"I will never go back on my words, but you must tell me your purpose in calling yourself Hundreds of Flowers Heavenly Emperor." Little Lizhi had always been brooding over this matter, otherwise her relationship with Chen Xiang would have been better.

"It’s nothing, I just wanted to disgust that arrogant woman from the Flower Emperor. I had no other goal, when I feel like it’s enough, I naturally wouldn’t do that." Chen Xiang laughed.

Little Lizhi was speechless in his heart: "You, what hatred do you have with Asgard Mistress?"

"I don’t hate her, I just hate her and want to disgust her. But you will understand in the future." Chen Xiang was already walking deeper in, and said: "Let’s hurry, time is tight, I want to hurry up and get the master Star core."

"I will try my best, but whether or not I can get it will depend on you." said. Now that she knew that Chen Xiang had a lot of methods up his sleeves, even if that place was dangerous, he could guarantee his safety.

Although Chen Xiang was already a Immortal King, his progress in the divine way was very slow. He was not a Imperial Dragon Clan, as he could not even make breakthroughs in his sleep like Long Xueyi. If he wanted to quickly raise his divine soul, he would need to rely on external help.

There were still three days until the end of the time period, so Chen Xiang and Little Lizhi were running frantically in the forest, rushing towards the center.

"In front of us is a small mountain, and beside it are the Evil beast. There are about 2000 of them." Long Xueyi said: "I’ll try to see if I can find out where the master Star core is."

Chen Xiang told Little Lizhi to stop. If they continued to move forward, perhaps those Evil beast would be alerted. He had to wait for Long Xueyi to investigate everything thoroughly before he could decide on his next course of action.

"It’s in the middle of the short mountain, but I don’t know what material the short mountain is made of, but it’s extremely sturdy with no gaps at all. On the surface, there are traces of attacks coming from the direction of the attacks, it seems like those Evil beast have attacked many times, but have no way of obtaining the inner Star core." Long Xueyi said.

"What if I use the power of the Space Laws?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It shouldn’t be possible either. That short mountain should be the core of that evil star. After so many years had passed, it still hasn’t been destroyed. I’m afraid that it might not be easy to take it out." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang frowned: "I wonder if we can use Green dragon demon-slain broadsword s." UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"You can try, but then you’ll be exposed." Long Xueyi said.

"I’m not afraid of that, Little Lizhi will not tell others, but I will tell her to keep it a secret. Although she is rather violent, she has good faith in me." Chen Xiang said.

Little Lizhi asked: "Any discoveries, we need to hurry up and move. If we still can’t find him, we need to hurry back, in case we don’t have enough time."

"I found it. I found a few thousand Evil beast surrounding that place. I need you to lure most of the Evil beast away so that I can move quickly." Chen Xiang said: "That place is very sturdy, I will need some time to open it."

Little Lizhi was very suspicious in her heart. She nodded her head: "Let’s go."

Little Lizhi rushed over as fast as he could. Not long after, he saw that in front of him was a large area with no trees, and the soil was pitch-black. In the middle of the area was a relatively large and round dwarf mountain.

There were many transformational Evil beast above the short mountain, about a thousand of them, and around the short mountain, there were also about two thousand Evil beast, but their bodies were quite large, and it seemed like they had not completely evolved.

Little Lizhi suddenly rushed in, and his whole body was releasing Devil-suppressing holy power’s Qi, causing the Evil beast to feel extremely uncomfortable, they immediately roared at her, causing thousands of Evil beast to roar at the same time. The sound resonated into the sky, causing all the birds in the Evil Killing Forest to fly out of shock.

The roar was accompanied by a gust of wind that blew against the forest, the trees close to the center had their branches and leaves snapped, and waves of black Qi came out from the Evil beast and floated in the air, blocking the light, causing the forest to become dark.

Facing so many angry Evil beast, Little Lizhi felt a lot of pressure, but she still took out a large sword and rushed into the herd of beasts, killing them in the blink of an eye. At the moment, the group of Evil beast were all rushing towards her.

Her goal was to lure the Evil beast away so that Chen Xiang could take action. She immediately escaped in one direction, this group of Evil beast were originally stupid, they immediately chased after them, and only a few were still there.

"We’ve gone far. Let’s begin." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang immediately teleported through space and took out his Green dragon demon-slain broadsword s to kill the few remaining Evil beast s. These Evil beast s were at most at the late stage of Immortal King Stage.

Chen Xiang jumped into the air and used both hands to hold onto the divine blade. As he fell, he channeled the holy energy within his body to pour into the divine blade, increasing its power.

Boom.

The short mountain actually shook violently, and from the inside, a thunderous noise came out. The power caused Chen Xiang’s hands to feel pain, and he was actually unable to move the small mountain, nor did he leave behind any traces.

When Little Lizhi, who was running wildly in the forest heard the sound, he knew that Chen Xiang had already made his move. However, the group of Evil beast that were chasing after her immediately turned their heads and ran back after hearing the sound.

"What’s going on?" Little Lizhi clenched his teeth, holding onto his broadsword, he retreated back into the group of beasts.