Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang carefully observed Lv Qilian’s expression and discovered that there was a firm look in his eyes, which gave him a bad premonition. Although it looked like Lv Qilian wanted to talk about the Alive Slain Method calmly, he knew that with this woman’s personality, it would not be easy for her to compromise. Furthermore, she had been tricked by Chen Xiang, so he did not hate her.

"Then we need to talk about something first." asked carefully. At the moment, Lv Qilian was so calm, which made him a little uneasy.

"First, tell me why you have come to find me. You should have other important matters to attend to, right?" Lv Qilian had an enchanting smile on his face, that kind of smile was filled with confidence, making her even more beautiful and charming.

"I want to buy some Immortal Grade medicinal herbs. The first and second grade are mainly used to increase the Innate Qi or strengthen the body, as well as the divine soul." Chen Xiang went straight to the point and told Lv Qilian the reason for his visit.

Lv Qilian sipped the tea lightly, a smile in his eyes, causing Chen Xiang’s heart to palpitate with fear.

"You want to challenge the Divine Palace Protectors, but you don’t have enough strength, that’s why you need a large amount of high level herbs to concoct pills." Lv Qilian put down his teacup and gently smiled, as if he had seen through everything about Chen Xiang. "I didn’t expect you to know how to refine immortal pills, you’re much stronger than what I imagined."

Chen Xiang was most afraid that Lv Qilian would easily know what she was thinking, and she could even predict what you would do next.

"That’s right." Chen Xiang spread out his hands: "You should have these ingredients."

"I do, but I won’t sell it to you." Lv Qilian laughed: "Don’t even think about making a deal with me, I won’t give you any chances. You should know that I don’t lack Spiritual crystal, and I don’t lack anything else."

As she spoke, she tossed a small jade box to Chen Xiang and continued to speak, "This is the seed and I’ll return it to you.

Chen Xiang took the jade box, and secretly took a deep breath in his heart. He knew that Lv Qilian was going to counterattack.

"That is to say, you do not plan to discuss the matters of the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable." Chen Xiang frowned: "Didn’t you say that we needed to have a good talk?"

Lv Qilian said: "We need to have a good talk, but I did not say that I want to talk about that, so it’s fine, but if you listen to my arrangements, we can continue to cooperate, I can even provide a large amount of immortal medicine and immortal pills to help you increase your strength and allow you to challenge the Divine Palace Protectors."

"But I don’t think you’d agree, so there’s nothing to talk about."

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "You understand me quite well now, I will not agree to it. Since that’s the case, then we really have nothing to discuss, so I will take my leave."

Chen Xiang had already stood up. That kind of resolute attitude, actually exceeded Lv Qilian’s expectations. She hurriedly said, "Don’t tell me you don’t want to obtain that Alive Slain Method?"

"I can get it on my own." Chen Xiang cupped his hands and was about to leave.

"I’m stronger than you. If you have a request for me, why aren’t you willing to follow my orders? This is good for you." Lv Qilian found it hard to understand. In her deduction, Chen Xiang should be very happy to agree to her request.

"Why can’t we discuss this properly? We have to listen to all of your arrangements, and you’re not necessarily right. Listening to your arrangements, there’s a very high possibility that it will harm me, to put it bluntly, even if I don’t trust you, and you’re too confident, you still won’t listen to my opinions. Chen Xiang sighed: "My request is not too overboard, it is for the two of us to cooperate and discuss countermeasures."

Lv Qilian said: "Then go, you are truly powerful, I may be wrong, but I like to control everything, and have been like this for many years. I do not permit any variables to disrupt my plans, and also, do not look for me here in the future.

Chen Xiang walked to the door and said: "Even if you knew where the Alive Slain Method is hidden, you wouldn’t be able to obtain it without me, because it was left especially for me by my father. Others are unable to obtain it, if they were to forcefully take it away, it would only lead to the destruction of that place."

"Thanks for the reminder."

Chen Xiang left the Hundreds of Flowers Palace, he was not surprised that Lv Qilian would behave like this. This person was a strong woman, her competitive spirit was extremely strong, and she hated men so much that Chen Xiang would definitely not be in a position to discuss important matters with her.

"As expected of the Flower Emperor, you have character, little scoundrel, don’t tell me you’re just going to let it go like this." Long Xueyi laughed.

Chen Xiang walked on the street, looked at the pill shops and said: "There was originally no enmity between her and I, and there was only righteousness and righteousness after our failure. She is now angry with me."

"In her eyes, I’m still a weak person. She disdains cooperating with me and only wants me to listen to her. So, next up, I can only rely on myself."

Lv Qilian thought that she had been tricked by Chen Xiang, and felt that she had some sort of understanding of Chen Xiang. She felt that Chen Xiang was just like that, but she still had a very little understanding of Chen Xiang, and only knew of his facade.

However, she is too arrogant, and cannot let go of her dignity, so after this, she will definitely fight with me in the dark. I think that she will think of a way to not let me buy any immortal medicine ingredients. Chen Xiang said: "I think she hopes to use some methods to make me lose my way. In the end, she’ll find her for help and then submit to her."

Long Xueyi laughed. "This Flower Emperor wants to conquer you, but she definitely won’t do it that easily."

Chen Xiang laughed: "The one who will be conquered in the end will definitely be her."

"Put her on the bed." Long Xueyi laughed sinisterly.

Chen Xiang laughed sinisterly, then stepped into the Transmission array and returned to the Ancient Star Immortal Palace. He was not in a hurry to investigate the Divine Devil Cult, since he was not strong enough yet. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

"Master, help me investigate where Yan Zilan is and I need to find her." Chen Xiang knocked on Huang Jintian’s door.

Huang Jintian did not open the door, and instead shouted from inside: "I heard that the sisters have gone to Divine Thunder Immortal Country, go and find out, with the abilities of the sisters, they should be able to make a name for themselves there."

"Then I will be there for a while. I’ll leave this place to you, old man."

Yan Zilan had an outstanding management ability and a very wide network of people. Chen Xiang wanted to find her to help him buy some immortal medicine ingredients.

Yan Zilan, Du Yanyao, Yun Zhu and Bai Xing were all sworn sisters. Chen Xiang had helped them a lot before, but now that he was going to look for them for help, they would definitely not refuse him.