Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Yan Zilan woke up and walked out of her room. Seeing Chen Xiang flipping through some things in the hall, she walked over and saw that they all contained information regarding the Thunder Tao Double Venerables.

"Sister Violet Orchid, are you alright?" Seeing that her complexion was good, Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief, and asked with a smile. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

"It’s nothing serious, the Jade Dragon Flower is powerful indeed. Even without refining pills they have this effect." Yan Zilan shook her head lightly, then picked up the thing on the table and looked at it as well: "You really have to deal with Thunder Tao Double Venerables."

Chen Xiang said: "Unless they return the ten Leihun fruit s to me and apologize to you, I will not let this matter rest."

"Where’s the Flower Emperor?" Yan Zilan was more worried about this. She knew that the Flower Emperor was even more powerful and it was even a woman: "She only told Thunder Tao Double Venerables not to sell you any medicinal herbs.

It’s okay, I have a conflict with her, it’s normal that she doesn’t sell to me, I don’t have a grudge with her, she’s just an opponent, if I want to destroy her, she has to destroy me, at the moment her methods are quite gentle, but in the future it’s hard to say, I don’t want to become mortal enemies with her. Chen Xiang said.

At this time, Huang Jintian walked in and he gave all the information to Chen Xiang. He smiled and said: "It’s just that Liang Wangyang is up and down, this couple has a very arrogant son. They are currently in charge of a relatively large immortal palace in the Divine Thunder Immortal Country."

Yan Zilan was naturally on Chen Xiang’s side now, so the friendship between her and the Thunder Tao Double Venerables had completely disappeared without a trace when she received the palm strike. She knew that in the eyes of that couple, she was nothing more than a tool, but Chen Xiang truly cared for her.

Chen Xiang thought for a moment, then looked at Yan Zilan and asked, "Those powers who normally have big deals with the Divine Thunder Immortal Country are."

"Hundreds of Flowers Immortal Country usually provides a large amount of high level medicinal ingredients in exchange for Divine Thunder Immortal Country’s Spiritual crystal s and a large amount of formation setting resources. There are a lot of these things in Divine Thunder Immortal Country, and the ones who purchase the most high level medicinal ingredients from Divine Thunder Immortal Country are usually Fire Divine Palace and Imperial Dragon Clan." said, she looked at Huang Jintian. Huang Jintian was disguised now, she could not recognize him, but to be able to speak of such an important thing to Chen Xiang, he must be someone that Chen Xiang could trust.

Huang Jintian said: "Didn’t Fire Divine Palace have enmity with Divine Thunder Immortal Country? I heard that back then, they fought in full swing."

"Divine Thunder Immortal Country needs some fire attribute Spiritual crystal s that Fire Divine Palace can provide. Their lightning and fire combination can get an even stronger energy, but the fire attribute Spiritual crystal Fire Divine Palace has the most."

Yan Zilan had stayed in Divine Thunder Immortal Country for a period of time, so he understood this very well.

"We will impersonate the Imperial Dragon Clan and then order a large batch of high grade medicinal herbs from the son of the Thunder Tao Double Venerables." Chen Xiang looked at Yan Zilan, and asked: "There shouldn’t be a problem, right? Can you make the arrangements more suitable, it would be best if the quantity reserved was the most, and not be seen through, or made a deal with the son of the Thunder Tao Double Venerables. The most important thing is to not let the Flower Emperor know about it."

Huang Jintian and Yan Zilan immediately understood what Chen Xiang meant, and secretly praised how ruthless his methods were.

Since he could not buy it, he would just snatch it from her. Furthermore, it would be his enemy who stole it, because the Thunder Tao Double Venerables stole one of his Leihun fruit.

"Their sons are not weak. Although they are very arrogant, they are not stupid. There are also several experts around them." Yan Zilan said, although this method was not bad, but it was extremely difficult.

Huang Jintian laughed: "That’s true, as long as he can bring along a large amount of high levelled herbs."

"The son of the Thunder Tao Double Venerables already has a large amount of high level medicine, and I have to borrow it from him a few times. It should be because the Thunder Tao Double Venerables is going to help him in the future so that their son can become more powerful, so you guys can go as either Imperial Dragon Clan or as Fire Divine Palace’s men." Yan Zilan said: "Imperial Dragon Clan and Fire Divine Palace, every purchase is a large one, he should have a lot in reserve."

"Sister Zi Lan, what plans do you have for the future? Go to the Ice Dragon Immortal Palace; you won’t be bullied there." Chen Xiang said.

Yan Zilan laughed: "I will go, but not now, I want to walk around."

"Then be careful." Chen Xiang hugged her lightly.

Yan Zilan kissed his forehead. "Damn brat, you’re the same as well."

Chen Xiang sent Yan Zilan off. When he returned, he saw Huang Jintian sitting there and said with a smile: "Damn brat ... Haha, I never thought that you would have the Zilan Immortal Fairy in your hands. "

"Old madman." Chen Xiang cursed in a low voice: "We’re going to the Divine Thunder Immortal Country’s Golden Thunder Immortal Palace right now, Lei Jinli is the only son of the Thunder Tao Double Venerables, we have to give him a good beating."

After Chen Xiang and his disguise, when they come to the Golden Thunder Immortal Palace, they could cultivate the Dragon Power, so it was easy to impersonate a Imperial Dragon Clan, not to mention that Chen Xiang had even grasped the The power of the holy dragon.

Chen Xiang disguised himself as a middle aged man, dressed very extravagantly, the groups that served him were all of the Imperial Dragon Clan, and normally only the powerful people would be able to tell, Long Xueyi had taught him to do this.

Huang Jintian was a follower, but the power he displayed was much stronger than Chen Xiang. However, was even more surprised by Chen Xiang’s identity, to have such a powerful follower, his identity must not be simple.

Because of this, Chen Xiang was easily able to get an appointment with Lei Jinli at one of the hotels, because the hotel was also Lei Jinli’s.

Inside a tight private room, Chen Xiang and Huang Jintian sat there, waiting for Lei Jinli.

Lei Jinli knew that there was a big client and immediately rushed over. He entered the private box and saw that Chen Xiang was emitting a very, very weak holy dragon aura. He was secretly happy in his heart, because the holy dragon in the Imperial Dragon Clan was the richest and noblest.

"I wonder what your name is?" Lei Jinli smiled at him.

Lei Jinli was a big fellow with a full beard, wearing blue clothes. He was tall and big, giving off a sense of oppression, especially when he did not conceal the berserk Thunder power in his body.

"Long Feiyu." Chen Xiang smiled slightly, then gestured for Lei Jinli to sit down. "Brother Lei, you should have already guessed why I invited you here, right?"

Lei Jinli laughed openly and asked: "How many items do you need, I prefer people who are direct."

"Yuxian Dan, Tianlong Dan, just how many medicinal ingredients do you have for these two pills?" Chen Xiang asked.

Yuxian Dan’s medicinal ingredients could grow to the highest quality of third stage Immortal Grade, and was one of the needs of more people out of the Immortal Grade Pills.

"I can only sell you fifty sets of Yuxian Dan, as for Tianlong Dan ... There is only one set, as for the price, I will accept the Spiritual crystal s and also accept them as barter. If it’s Spiritual crystal s, I will offer a very high price, and normally, I prefer to barter them. " Lei Jinli was straightforward and direct indeed.

Chen Xiang asked: "Are the items on you? I need them urgently."