Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Just as he was about to lose his patience, the Transmission array suddenly exploded with a burst of white light. He subconsciously closed his eyes, and the moment he opened his eyes, he saw that he was being watched, and all of the people who were watching him, were strong experts that he was familiar with.

What made him greatly shocked was that Fire Emperor was also here. However, when he saw Flower Emperor’s face full of shock, he did not know why he suddenly felt refreshed.

Although Chen Xiang did not use his appearance, everyone knew that he was Chen Xiang. Because only Green dragon demon-slain broadsword was able to activate the array, instantly, countless pairs of eyes were filled with thick killing intent, causing Chen Xiang to feel as if he was being sliced into pieces by the eyes of these people.

Chen Xiang’s expression was extremely ugly. Although he was somewhat pleased that he could enter using the Transmission array, he was actually surrounded and looked at by an inhumane crowd.

Fire Emperor was stunned at first, then he raised his arm and smashed it down. It was actually a huge flaming palm, the ultimate technique of Fire Divine Palace, the Fire cloud palm.

Chen Xiang was shocked, he immediately channeled all the energy within his body to defend himself. That thick profoundwu cover hood was like a huge water ball, wrapping around him.

Under the huge pressure of the fire palm, everyone could not help but suck in a breath of cold air. They knew that Fire Emperor was still heavily injured, but he was still so strong.

The only ones who could resist would probably be the Flower Emperor.

However, the moment the Fire cloud palm touched the barrier protecting the teleportation station, it instantly collapsed. Seeing this, Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief, and almost collapsed to the ground.

"Haha ..." Fire Emperor, you are the only emperor level person that has appeared in front of everyone. Look at you right now, hanging out with a bunch of bastards, the more you mess around the worse it gets. No wonder you were beaten like a dog by the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord when you teamed up with them. " Chen Xiang knew that the barrier was extremely powerful, so he taunted the Fire Emperor without restraint.

Although Fire Emperor was furious, he looked calm on the surface. He knew that Chen Xiang was purposely provoking him.

"Oh yeah, why did you come to the Sky Region? You used irregular means to get here, you better be careful not to get punished. When I came in, there were a lot of ancient words written all over the place, people who enter the Sky Region through irregular means will all be miserable." Chen Xiang laughed, this was all his nonsense.

Long Huishan and the mysterious very high Elder had both come. The old ice dragon that had entered the Evil Divine Palace with them last time did not come, and then it was Huang Jintian and his eldest senior brother and youngest junior sister.

The Phoenix King s and Phoenix Princess s were obviously here as well. They didn’t feel too disgusted with Chen Xiang being able to enter this place, but they were just a little moved by Chen Xiang’s abilities.

Flower Emperor’s face was calm, but her heart was in displeasure. She had thought of ways to prevent Chen Xiang from coming in, but Chen Xiang had still came in, and they had to expend a great deal of effort to open the door, even though they spent a huge amount of Spiritual crystal s, but Chen Xiang’s entrance seemed to be effortless.

Everyone was very curious how he found the other Transmission array. Many people immediately associated it with the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and thought that it was a secret hidden inside.

Chen Xiang sat cross legged on the Transmission array, with the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword at his side. He laughed: "Quickly go and search for the treasure, why are you staring at me?"

Huang Jintian suddenly regretted it, because he had restricted himself too much to follow this group of people. If he had followed Chen Xiang, it would have been much easier for him to use underhanded methods.

"We made a deal before, everyone just go your own way. It’s fine as long as you pay attention to the danger. Moreover, you can’t fight with us here, otherwise, it would be a violation of our previous agreement." The Flower Emperor said solemnly.

"What if someone attacks us? We should be in an alliance. We should be in the same situation." The expert of Heaven Sword City said as he looked at Chen Xiang.

The Fire Emperor said coldly: "According to our previous agreement, as long as we are attacked, our allies have the duty to help us. Otherwise, we will be surrounded and attacked." RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

"That is to say, if I attack you all and you attack me but nothing happens, then I will also be ganged up on, right?" Chen Xiang laughed.

"If you’re afraid, you can hide inside." An old man said coldly.

He came here for the treasure. Although he was an uninvited guest and the enemy of many people, as well as the target of many people’s desire, but everyone was watching him closely. They needed to seize every moment to explore this mysterious Saint realm.

Not long later, they were all gone, but Chen Xiang had not walked out of the enchantment.

The divine power and consciousness outside could not penetrate through, so those who wanted to communicate with him could not do so. However, the divine powers of him and Long Xueyi could penetrate through.

"This group of idiots really have separated. This place is really very dangerous, don’t tell me they don’t know about the group. Or is it that the Imperial Avian Race is smart and wants to follow the Flower Emperor." Long Xueyi said.

"Thunder Tao Double Venerables is also following them, making a move on them will be difficult. But forget it, I came here to look for something to increase my strength, hopefully my trip wasn’t in vain."

Chen Xiang waited for the rest of the people to walk far away before walking out of the barrier. Then, he walked into the barrier;

"This Heaven Domain is of the same color, moreover, the Holy Spirit Qi is very dense everywhere. It should be very difficult to find treasures from it." Chen Xiang walked for a while, before swearing, "And here I thought it was a treasure.

Looking at the pale golden sky, occasionally letting out a silvery white mist, he asked, "What are those white mist clouds?"

"I don’t know. There are no energy fluctuations. It’s just a special kind of mist." Long Xueyi said.

Suddenly, a gale blew past, lifting up a large area of silver-white fog. Then, a frightening beast roar exploded. That roar was shocking and terrifying, as if it was going to tear apart the sky.

"Judging from this sound, it should be a very powerful fellow." Chen Xiang endured his curiosity and did not walk towards that direction.

"Although they are powerful, where there are these kinds of powerful fellows, there will usually be treasures." Long Xueyi said.

"Many people should be able to pass, but I have the Transformation Technique. If I’m careful, I should be able to hide." Hearing Long Xueyi’s words, Chen Xiang turned his head and rushed towards the direction of the beast’s roar.

When he was on his way, the beast’s roar came again. It sounded even louder, as if it was filled with anger. It must be that they had started fighting with the humans that entered this place.