Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang slept soundly. Although he had two women who hated him the most, he still felt at ease.

When he woke up, Lv Qilian and Little Lizhi’s injuries had already completely healed.

"This is in return for your gratitude." Lv Qilian threw a Storage bag to Chen Xiang, and inside it, there were three hundred sets of ingredients needed to refine Yuxian Dan.

"You’re so generous." Chen Xiang accepted Lv Qilian’s thanks with a smile: "I didn’t save you for nothing."

Then, he looked at Little Lizhi and smiled: "What about you?"

Little Lizhi gently clenched her teeth. She was not surprised by Chen Xiang’s question, previously in the Evil Killing Forest, she already knew what kind of person Chen Xiang was.

"I’ve just given her a share." Lv Qilian immediately said, she did not expect that after Chen Xiang saved her, he would actually ask for a gift of thanks.

"It’s normal for me to get so much after saving a mighty Hundred Flowers Emperor. Think about it, if I don’t save you, what would happen to you guys?"

Chen Xiang laughed. If it was someone else, he would naturally not take advantage of the opportunity. But this Lv Qilian was different.

"Hmph." Lv Qilian harrumphed, and had nothing to say. If Chen Xiang did not save them, they felt that it would be even worse than death. To be violated in their chastity, was something they could not tolerate even in death.

"It’s just a joke, don’t be angry." Chen Xiang giggled. He liked to tease women like Little Lizhi and Lv Qilian the most, so seeing their current expressions made his heart feel good.

"All of you have suffered heavy losses. Do you plan on taking revenge?" Chen Xiang asked.

If it was Little Lizhi and Lv Qilian first, the other girls in Hundreds of Flowers Palace would all die.

"Of course, I must kill all the Berserk Lions, especially that lioness." Lv Qilian said as he grinded his teeth.

"About my matters, you must keep it a secret. Do not tell anyone that I was the one who rescued you from the Ferocious Lion’s den." Chen Xiang seriously warned the two girls.

Lv Qilian looked at Chen Xiang, and lightly snorted: "You’re afraid that the matter regarding the Drunk god magical poison will spread, right? I didn’t think that you would actually have such a thing in your hands."

"This is only one of the reasons, no matter what, I am your savior, and can’t possibly not accomplish this right? I am more assured with Little Lizhi, because I have saved her once before, and she was able to keep her promise, I was only worried for you." Chen Xiang said: "Right now, you are my sworn enemy."

Lv Qilian glared at him and said: "If I really want to get rid of you, you simply cannot continue staying in Devil-suppressing Divine Palace."

"So, the relationship between you and me is quite good, or else I wouldn’t go all out to save you." Chen Xiang looked at Little Lizhi and laughed: "Little Lizhi, are you scared by those wild lions? Hurry up and let me hug you. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

"Hmph." Little Lizhi rolled her eyes at him. She was already used to Chen Xiang teasing her like this often.

"Who has a good relationship with you? Don’t think too much about it." Lv Qilian was a little angry, as if she had a deep relationship with Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang snorted: "The Hundred Blossom Emperor’s life and control are so cheap, it’s only worth three hundred sets of Yuxian Dan’s medicinal herbs."

Lv Qilian took a few deep breaths. She had indeed almost forgotten that Chen Xiang was her savior.

"I won’t say anything about you. When I return, I will provide you with sufficient medicinal ingredients to repay you in a good manner." Lv Qilian said, his attitude became much more gentle.

"What about the Alive Slain Method?" Chen Xiang was more concerned about this matter, she also knew about it, but she had never mentioned it.

Lv Qilian was quiet for a while, then sighed: "I will help you, but in the end, whether or not you can obtain it will depend on your own strength."

"That’s right. If it was earlier, we wouldn’t have been in trouble. Leave your father’s matters to me. Even if I can’t find any clues left behind, I will think of a way to help you find him." Chen Xiang laughed and extended his hand.

Lv Qilian looked at Chen Xiang’s big hand and thought for a while. Then, he reached out his hand as well to shake hands with Chen Xiang, but Chen Xiang firmly held onto her hand and did not let go.

"If you don’t let go, I will cut off your arm." Lv Qilian was slightly angered, and said coldly: "Don’t push your luck."

Chen Xiang released his hand and laughed: "I am only checking to see if your injuries have truly recovered, I do not wish for you to drag me down."

"Why don’t you all stay inside the divine furnace and I’ll deal with the corpse inside." Chen Xiang said.

"I don’t want to stay in that place. We promise we won’t implicate you." Right now, she also wanted to follow Chen Xiang. At least, at the time when she and Little Lizhi were at their most desperate, Chen Xiang had saved them.

"What plans do you have for the future? If you kill the Wild Lion Emperor, they will frantically search for you." Little Lizhi finally spoke with a somewhat gentle tone.

"When you’re almost done, we’ll head back to the Violent Lion’s Lair. They have all been poisoned by my Drunk god magical poison, and the quantity is very large, so it will take them some time before they can be exorcised. Moreover, this is their weakest moment, so if you want to take revenge, you have to seize this opportunity as well." Chen Xiang looked at Lv Qilian and said, "Otherwise, I will have to wait until you have truly become a saint before I can take revenge."

Seeing Lv Qilian lower his head to think, Chen Xiang continued, "This is probably the most disastrous loss your Hundreds of Flowers Palace has ever suffered. If you don’t take revenge, I’m afraid that the two of you will definitely be affected in the future."

"That’s right." Lv Qilian nodded.

"You have fought with the Wild Lion Emperor before, you should be clear of his strength." Chen Xiang said again.

Lv Qilian nodded, Chen Xiang already had a series of plans, she could tell that if she wanted to take revenge, she had to listen to Chen Xiang humbly.

However, they have all been poisoned by Drunk god magical poison, their strength is very strong, but it will take them a very long time to cure the poison. As for the other little berserk lions, they are even more harmless, and the main reason is that Wild Lion Princess and Wild Lion Emperor did not get poisoned.

Chen Xiang looked at Little Lizhi, and asked: "If you were to fight against that Wild Lion Princess, how long would you be able to last?"

"At most three moves, she has already completed the Nine Revolutions Saint Beast. She is a Saint Beast." Little Lizhi sighed.

"If it was me, I could deal with that Wild Lion Princess." Lv Qilian said: "But killing her isn’t easy either."

Chen Xiang shook his head: "You are mainly dealing with the Wild Lion Emperor, you fought with him for a long time last time, you need to delay him again, give us more time, and let us kill the Wild Lion Princess."

"How many Drunk god magical poison do you have?" Lv Qilian guessed that Chen Xiang wanted to use this kind of thing.