Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"Drunk god magical poison aren’t the problem. The most important thing is how to poison them. They aren’t stupid." Chen Xiang said, then took out a Drunk god flower. "Do you dare to touch this thing?"

Seeing the Drunk god flower, Lv Qilian’s eyes lit up, she understood what Chen Xiang wanted her to do, and accepted it: "How much do you need?"

"In ten days, the more you do, the better." Chen Xiang said.

"Can you tell me your plan first?" When Little Lizhi saw that flower, he knew that you must be the legendary Drunk god flower.

"I will work with you to finish off the Wild Lion Princess. Your Palace Master will go and stall the Wild Lion Emperor by herself. If she uses poison well, she might be able to capture the Wild Lion Emperor." Chen Xiang said: "And these Drunk god magical poison are the most important."

Lv Qilian’s mother was the, the Poison Elder, so Chen Xiang felt that their chances of winning were very high.

"Don’t steal my flowers." Chen Xiang smiled and said, "If you want to marry Little Lizhi to me, I’ll give you one."

"Don’t even think about it." Lv Qilian immediately said: "I don’t want your poison flowers."

"Whatever, I’ll give you one. Give me a kiss. That should be fine, right?" Chen Xiang said, he had already moved his face closer, but Lv Qilian wanted to slap him.

Chen Xiang curled his lips: "Then, I’ll give you one."

"Thank you." Lv Qilian revealed a cunning smile on his face, then took out a small jade bottle, poured out some crystal clear liquid, and even brought out a very enchanting fragrance, similar to the scent of Lv Qilian’s body.

Chen Xiang only gave Lv Qilian one petal, but Lv Qilian carefully pulled off a petal. After a drop of the petal came out, the other parts of the petal gradually grew longer, and soon formed a whole one.

This was very similar to Chen Xiang’s creation divine liquid, but much more powerful. It was because his creation divine liquid would need at least dozens of drops to be able to produce one.

"Continue talking about the plan, Little Lizhi, did you manage to cultivate the Devil-suppressing Golden Body?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No, it’s very difficult to reach that level. I wonder how you managed to cultivate it?" Little Lizhi asked, she had wanted to ask Chen Xiang for guidance a long time ago.

"What about you?" Chen Xiang looked at Lv Qilian.

"I can’t cultivate it either, although my father is the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable." Lv Qilian shook his head.

Chen Xiang said: "I found a stone tablet in Di Tian with Devil-suppressing kungfu written on it. I memorized the chants on it and somehow managed to cultivate the Devil-suppressing Golden Body, so I don’t know the trick to it. Don’t you have the chants for the Devil-suppressing kungfu?"

"Of course there are. There are a lot of incantations, and they are very hard to understand. My father did not leave any explanation, so to this day, I still do not understand it." Lv Qilian frowned: "Looks like your luck isn’t bad, you have obtained my father’s true inheritance."

"Yeah, although I’ve never seen your father before, I feel that he will definitely admire me a lot and might even marry you to me." Chen Xiang chuckled: "But I already have a wife, so when the time comes I will definitely reject him."

"Be more serious." Lv Qilian suddenly became angry.

Chen Xiang came over to Little Lizhi’s side and smiled: "Little Lizhi is still the best, I love him a lot more than you."

However, I will easily be poisoned. I don’t cultivate the Devil-suppressing Golden Body, and if I were to deal with other poisons, I would be fine, but this is a Super Old poison. "Su Yun said. Little Lizhi asked seriously.

Chen Xiang really wanted to pinch her round face, but he didn’t dare do so.

"Don’t worry, I will concoct some antidote for you. If you are poisoned, you can immediately bite into it and cure it." Chen Xiang said.

"Impossible, although Drunk god magical poison s are not very scary among Super Old poison, they are very difficult to cure. Without several years or dozens of years of time, it would be very difficult to force out the poison, and they also need to rely on external strength to force out the poison." Lv Qilian said with certainty. She had already made more than thirty Drunk god flower and the mysterious liquid in her bottle was used up.

Chen Xiang said in a low voice: "My blood can cure the hundred poisons, you all better not speak of it randomly, or else it’ll kill me."

Lv Qilian and Little Lizhi looked at each other in shock, then nodded.

At this time, Lv Qilian closed her eyes, as if she was channeling her powers. Her body was shrouded in white mist, and she had a relaxed expression, and looked extremely beautiful, as if she was a goddess.

Chen Xiang and Little Lizhi did not speak anymore, quietly watching Lv Qilian. Not long later, Lv Qilian opened her eyes and slightly opened her cherry lips, only to see droplets of sparkling and translucent white light floating out. When these droplets fell into the small jade bottle, there were more than ten of them.

"I really want to kiss your mouth." Chen Xiang laughed, Lv Qilian only glared at him, and did not say much, it seemed that she was already accustomed to Chen Xiang’s actions, furthermore, there were only Little Lizhi’s, and no outsiders present.

Chen Xiang also took out a small jade bottle, and said: "This is mine, I don’t know what will happen if I mix it with yours."

He took out a jade bowl and dripped a drop into it. It was a pale golden liquid that emitted a faint golden splendor.

"Isn’t it the Dragon cohesion kungfu? I remember that it’s green." Lv Qilian was a little surprised: "You should be cultivating the improved Dragon cohesion kungfu."

As she spoke, she dripped a drop of the mysterious liquid that she had created and mixed it with Chen Xiang’s.

Little Lizhi also came over to take a closer look. She had already known that Lv Qilian had this kind of ability, and Lv Qilian had even taught her before. It was just that she found it very difficult to learn it, since she wouldn’t be the one to personally comprehend the Alive Slain Method.

"Can they be fused together?" Chen Xiang was very much looking forward to the two drops of golden-white liquid colliding with each other, but instead of fusing with each other right away, they seemed to conflict with each other. But a moment later, they suddenly started to fuse together.

Lv Qilian also opened his phoenix eyes wide, looking carefully, the two drops of liquid suddenly turned silvery-white the moment they fused together, and also flickered with a very strong light.

The three people inside the stone room immediately sensed a strong life force. That drop of liquid seemed to contain boundless life force, as if it could rebirth a withered forest. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"Quick, give it a try." Chen Xiang urged.

"What kind of test? If it’s just Drunk god flower, I’m afraid we won’t be able to see its effects." Lv Qilian said, she was also very curious, she did not expect such a strange thing to happen.

Chen Xiang took out a Sacred animal fruit and said: "Let’s try it, this is a first stage Immortal Grade Sacred animal fruit."

Lv Qilian took the jade bowl and dripped the small drop of the mystical liquid into the Sacred animal fruit. The Sacred animal fruit was immediately surrounded by the silvery-white light and its quality was gradually improving.

After he was done, Lv Qilian picked up the Sacred animal fruit, his face full of surprise: "The quality has increased by a lot, if you drip another hundred or so drops, you can turn this Sacred animal fruit into a second stage Immortal Grade."