Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang gently embraced Lv Qilian’s body, the two of them continued to hug each other and started to channel and condense spirit liquid.

Very quickly, Chen Xiang felt a cool sensation from Lv Qilian’s tongue, but his tongue became warm, because when he was condensing the creation divine liquid, he had to use the Fire Soul in his body. His creation divine liquid was born because of the Heaven fire soul, so it contained heat.

Lv Qinlian felt that Chen Xiang’s tongue was a little warm. In the next instant, she suddenly felt a strange energy seep into her body, quickly healing the injuries in her body. She clearly felt that her crippled arm was quickly healing.

Chen Xiang’s body felt slightly numb, and all the creation divine liquid formed by his tongue had been absorbed by Lv Qilian. He realized that the difference in cultivation level between him and Lv Qilian was just too big.

In just a few moments, Lv Qilian’s injuries had recovered by a lot. At this time, the suction force on their tongues had disappeared, causing Chen Xiang’s body to go limp. Lying on the Frisbee, he panted heavily, enjoying the wonderful feeling.

Lv Qilian looked at him and frowned, she raised her jade hands and really wanted to slap him a few times, but she licked her lips and sucked the creation divine liquid liquid into her mouth, merging with her spirit liquid and swallowed it. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Lv Qilian’s seductive look greatly broadened Chen Xiang’s horizons.

"Get up." Lv Qilian coldly snorted, "Quickly get far away from here."

Lv Qilian never thought that she would be able to recover from majority of her injuries so quickly. Although she did not slap Chen Xiang, she had pinched the flesh of his arm so hard that Chen Xiang almost cried out in pain.

"I’ve been sucked dry by you. I’m about to die." Chen Xiang said, he was truly powerless, he laid beside Little Lizhi, and when he wanted to flip over and embrace Little Lizhi, he was stopped by Lv Qilian.

Lv Qilian carried Little Lizhi over and laid him down in his embrace. He glared at Chen Xiang: "Stop pretending, hurry up and get up."

Chen Xiang sat up and asked curiously, "How did you recover from your injuries so quickly?"

"Perhaps your spirit liquid contains some kind of strange energy. When it is fused with my spirit liquid, it will become even more powerful, so it can quickly heal my injuries. However, it’s only recovered by a little bit, so my strength hasn’t recovered much." Lv Qilian lowered his voice: "This time, I will let you go, do not tell Little Lizhi about this, no one is allowed to say it, if not I will kill you and silence you."

"You can bear to kill me. No matter what, I’m the man that kissed you for the first time." Chen Xiang smiled mischievously, not afraid at all.

"Actually, Little Lizhi has already woken up. She is just pretending to be asleep." Chen Xiang looked at Little Lizhi with a smile. This was what Long Xueyi had told him.

Just as Chen Xiang had finished speaking, Lv Qilian, who was in her embrace, felt a very faint tremble. She lowered her head and saw that Little Lizhi’s eyelashes were slightly trembling.

"Why don’t we pull Little Lizhi into the water? You two have a deep affection for each other, we can share good fortune together." Chen Xiang laughed sinisterly.

"Don’t even think about it." Little Lizhi and Lv Qilian shouted at the same time.

Little Lizhi was awake after all, and her eyes were communicating with Lv Qilian, as if they had reached an agreement through sound transmission.

Lv Qilian and Little Lizhi had already recovered a bit, and were no longer as weak as before. He could not take advantage of them anymore.

Regarding the matter just now, neither Lv Qilian nor Little Lizhi mentioned it, as if it had never happened.

"Leave the Wild Lion Emperor’s corpse to me." Lv Qilian said: "I will give you half of the sacred armor and bones, the beast core will belong to me." Lv Qilian said, she was worried that Chen Xiang would take it for himself.

"When the time comes, send the things to the Long family in the Ice Dragon Immortal Palace and give it to Xue Xianxian. Chen Xiang said: "I should be able to refine some Holy Armor, and those bones can be used to refine Saint Weapons."

Lv Qilian nodded his head: "The things on the Holy Beasts are good materials for refining the Holy Armor."

"Then I will also give half of what Wild Lion Princess has to Little Lizhi." Chen Xiang said.

"I don’t want it, you can have it. This is what I owed you before." Little Lizhi said.

"That won’t do, you also put in a lot of effort. Give the beast cores to me, and I’ll give you some of the scales and bones." Chen Xiang said.

"Up to you."

She had guessed that Chen Xiang had forced it, but Lv Qilian did not seem to blame him too much. This was what made her feel that something was amiss.

After flying for a long time, Chen Xiang and the others suddenly noticed some footprints on the ground.

"Someone is nearby." Chen Xiang said: "I don’t know if it’s those mutated sacred beasts or those people from the Ninth Heaven."

"These footprints belong to the Thunder Tao Double Venerables." Little Lizhi laid on the Frisbee, carefully looking at the footprints on the ground, and recognized them with a single glance.

Chen Xiang said worriedly: "This couple and I have a grudge, it’s better to stay away from them."

Lv Qilian nodded. "Start now.

Little Lizhi was still weak, although he could speak and move, but Lv Qilian had only recovered some of his strength, and was probably the only one who was stronger.

Chen Xiang controlled the flying discs to fly in the direction of where there were no footprints, but there was a sudden movement from behind him.

"Haha ..." I never thought that Flower Emperor and Chen Xiang would actually be together, and their relationship is not bad. " This was Lei Jian’s voice. He had initially been injured, but over two months had passed by now, and by relying on a high grade medicinal pellet, he had already recovered.

Lei Jian and Zheng Rong, this couple, were known as the Thunder Tao Double Venerables, and they were extremely powerful. They had brought the Divine Thunder Immortal Country along to war long ago, and were decisive people in their killing.

Zheng Rong laughed coldly: "Flower Emperor is indeed Flower Emperor, and he actually wasn’t killed by that Holy Beast. Little Lizhi is indeed well-deserved of his reputation, he was able to escape even after being captured, could it be that brat secretly saved him?"

"That’s right, Chen Xiang saved me. As long as you’re in front of me, I won’t allow you to touch him." Lv Qilian stood up and said coldly to the Thunder Tao Double Venerables.

Lei Jian laughed out loud: "Flower Emperor, oh Flower Emperor, if it was the past, we would definitely be very afraid of you, but now ... Since you and Little Lizhi were able to escape from death, you must be severely injured. Otherwise, you wouldn’t rely on this brat.

Zheng Rong also laughed out loud, after that, his figure flashed, and actually grabbed Little Lizhi, and a short blade appeared in his hand.

"Zheng Rong, what are you doing?" Lv Qilian was furious, she looked at Zheng Rong with killing intent. With her intelligence, she could definitely imagine that he would use Little Lizhi to threaten her.

Zheng Rong laughed wildly: "What can we do, with such a good opportunity to take you down, I will not let you go so easily. First, obediently take out the high levelled pills, saint artifacts, and other treasures inside your Storage magic treasure, if you want to make us happy, we can let this girl go."

Lv Qilian’s delicate body trembled with extreme anger. "Aren’t you afraid that I’ll take revenge on you in the future?"