Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The powerful humans of Tiandu caused a Holy Beast like Cat to tremble in fear, so Chen Xiang had to be cautious. Otherwise, he would be in great danger.

"We don’t even know how many humans there are in the sky, and they are all very cunning. Some of them are even hidden, making it difficult to find them." Mao’er said seriously, "There were a few holy beasts that joined hands to attack this place, but they have broken through the defense, repelled a few men, and exterminated the enslaved holy beasts. Just as they were about to start digging for the Holy stone, a dozen of them suddenly appeared and took them out.

Huang Jintian said: "As long as you know how many Heaven Realm people are inside, then everything will be fine."

Seeing him say that, Chen Xiang asked: "Do you have any ideas?"

Long Xueyi had yet to investigate the situation inside clearly, he felt that if the Heaven Realm people were to hide, Long Xueyi would definitely not be able to do so. If he spoke like a cat and asked more than ten of them suddenly, all three of them might not be able to survive.

"Of course, but it will take some time." Huang Jintian chuckled: "In the past, there were a few people who chased after you and used some ancient methods to calculate your position. I also know this method, the only difference now is, I want to calculate how many people are inside."

"That counts. Previously, I told you to go and calculate where the Holy stone was, but didn’t you say that you couldn’t calculate it?"

Huang Jintian patted his head: "That’s a Holy stone, and there’s not a single direction to go. Now I know a range, and use the Heaven extended method to calculate how many creatures there are, to calculate how long those guys can live, so this is relatively easier. You guys wait here, I need some time."

came over to his side and asked: "Mao’er, do you want to leave this place and take a look at Nine Heaven World?"

"I don’t want to. That place isn’t suitable for me." Cat shook his head, "My goal is to enter Tiandu. There is a deep ground at the center that is very suitable for increasing my strength. That place originally belonged to the beasts like us."

Chen Xiang asked: "The humans here are all outsiders, or are all native to this place."

The cat was silent for a moment, as if thinking,

"I’m not sure. In short, a long time ago, humans and beasts were allowed to cultivate in that sacred land. But then, for some unknown reason, they were chased away and a great war broke out. Many Saint Beast Emperors were either seriously injured or killed."

Chen Xiang suddenly felt that this might be related to the changes in the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord during that era. He continued to ask, "Can you tell me the specifics?"

"I don’t know. Those are just legends. In the Qing-Yun Realm, only those beasts with inherited memories know about it."

Chen Xiang, who was sitting on the ground, suddenly shouted. Chen Xiang and Mao’er immediately looked over and saw that Huang Jintian’s body was actually covered with a red glow, looking extremely evil.

The Heaven extended method was also a Divine Arts, and only existed in legends. There was a big drawback to using the Heaven extended method, and that was that his lifespan would be shortened, but Huang Jintian was from Undead Race and had an unlimited lifespan. Thus, he could use the Heaven extended method to pry into the secrets of heaven without restraint.

Chen Xiang and Mao’er both looked at Huang Jintian with wide eyes. Huang Jintian gave a low shout, and a blood-red fog suddenly appeared above his head. It started to spin slowly, forming a red eight trigram diagram with specks of starlight on it.

"This is the Heaven extended method?" Chen Xiang muttered.

"That’s right. Look at his master crazily losing his lifespan. After absorbing his lifespan, the Yin Yang Birds above his head are gradually becoming stronger." Long Xueyi said.

Cat took a deep breath. "Is he committing suicide? His life force is being drained from him." Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

The scarlet and evil array formation above Huang Jintian’s head slowly rotated, and in the middle of the array was a relatively large red bead. Just as Chen Xiang and Mao’er were still in shock, the red ball suddenly broke open, turning into a blood-red eye.

When the eye opened, a red light shot out. Huang Jintian immediately raised his head, his eyes also shooting out a red light which connected with the red light of the array eye.

was extremely worried, but this situation continued for a few more hours and Huang Jintian was still fine. He felt a lot more at ease.

Huang Jintian also had a lot of methods, but Chen Xiang felt that he still wasn’t very familiar with his own master. For example, Huang Jintian was from the Devil-killing Summit, was also very strong, knew a lot of secrets, and no matter how he looked at it, he didn’t seem like a simple person.

After an entire day and night had passed, Chen Xiang and Mao’er were both staring at Huang Jintian. The blood red Heaven’s Divination formation suddenly exploded, turning into a red fog that dissipated. Huang Jintian laid on the ground with his eyes wide open, looking somewhat sinister.

"Master, did you figure something out?" Chen Xiang asked.

There are a total of fifteen people. Eight of them are hidden in secret rooms to train, and the other seven are in some of the buildings on the outside. After Huang Jintian finished speaking, he let out a long breath, closed his eyes, and started snoring.

Long Xueyi withdrew the divine soul he released and said: "I found three people, I never thought that there would be so many people hiding inside, I wonder what kind of position this kind of person has in the capital now."

"Cat, is the man of heaven that came to guard this place high up in the sky?" Chen Xiang was also very curious about this. If its status was very low, but it had such a strong power, then it meant that the humans inside the Sky Capital were just too strong.

Mao’er said: "Look at the heavenly beings guarding the Holy stone mine, most of them are of very high status, because they are equivalent to having the power to cover the sky with one hand, even if they were to take a large amount of Holy stone, no one would know about it."

Chen Xiang felt that it was true as well. After all, this was a fat job, and if one had status and strength, they would definitely use all means possible to fight for it, then bring a group of trusted aides and the like.

"It would be great if we could find the one that’s strong. It seems like it’s very difficult to get Holy stone from this mining site." Chen Xiang frowned, he looked at the place where they were dug up which was now filled with holes, and was extremely unwilling.

Huang Jintian could have slept for four hours, he took out a piece of paper and described the mining grounds. Then, he marked the locations of the hidden spots of the Heaven Realm people, and they were actually hiding in the mountains.

"They should be cultivating behind closed doors. They have a large number of Holy stone and will definitely make good use of them. They only have a limited amount of time to look after the mines." Huang Jintian said, "The places where these eight people have cultivated in seclusion are all inside the caves, so there aren’t any formations or anything of the sort. We will first take care of them, then deal with the seven outside."

Huang Jintian looked at Chen Xiang, because only Chen Xiang’s Drunk god magical poison could do this, but there was still a huge risk.