Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 154 Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor (Part 2)

Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor, after Chen Xiang heard these words, he, Su Meiyao, Bai Youyou and Long Xueyi were suddenly surprised. All of them had heard of this thing!

This was one of the Four Image Divine Weapons, the Divine Weapon of Black Tortoise, it’s primary use was defense!

Chen Xiang continued to listen to the transmission of Huang Jitian, coming from that sinkhole.

"This Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor is hidden inside the Black Tortoise Mountain. In order to protect this thing, each generation of deans have spent a great deal of effort. I instructed your senior brother previously and told him to pass these things to the next Dean. I don’t know whether or not he has told it to little featherhead. That’s why, I came to ask you to remind them again!" Huang Jitian said.

"I’ll ask him!" Chen Xiang replied. By now, although he already had the Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade, he really hadn’t used it because this blade’s lethality was too terrifying.

"Alas! If this Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor found itself a good master, we would not have to spend so much effort just to protect it. However, if it got in the hands of the wicked, it would be a great calamity for the Mortal World." Huang Jitian sighed, "You need to go to that hidden location of the Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor! Keep in mind to always walk in the water. No matter how bad that path is, taking that road is always right."

"Teacher, is there a Mysterious Realm inside Black Tortoise Mountain?" Chen Xiang asked in slight surprise. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"En, there is an entrance in middle of a mountainside. This is known to many people, it’s just that, the entrance would only be opened when the Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor is awake. If you want to take a look, it’s best if you follow little featherhead because many powerful people will come to try and obtain this armor." Huang Jitian seriously exhorted, finally his voice was getting weaker and weaker...

"Let’s go and quickly find this Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor!" Bai Youyou said, "It will not be too late to learn the Devil Skills after we return!"

Su Meiyao also agreed, "You cultivate the [Divine Exercise Of The Four Symbols], you definitely could get the recognition of the Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor, just like how you got the Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade before!"

"Inside the Black Tortoise Mysterious Realm, there must be plenty of good things to eat..." Long Xueyi muttered.

Chen Xiang immediately started looking Gu Dongchen, which was truly not easy with how mystic the Elder Courtyard has been. However, he found Wu Kaiming, and followed him inside a mountain cave.

"Is my eldest martial nephew living inside this bear cave?" Chen Xiang looked around.

"Young martial uncle, rest assured. He will soon change his living space." Wu Kaiming laughed.

"Why?"

"If you know where he lives, then you would make him call you martial uncle every day. He would certainly be unhappy." Wu Kaiming said while laughing.

Chen Xiang stuck his tongue out as the seemingly young and handsome Gu Dongchen walked out from a stone room. After looking at Chen Xiang, he was secretly sad in his heart, but still respectfully saluted, "Young martial uncle!"

"Good!" Chen Xiang laughed, the Extreme Martial Sect’s Dean was treated like this, making him happy, meanwhile Gu Dongchen had a bitter smile on his face.

"Ok, no more nonsense, do you know about the matter with Black Tortoise Mountain?" Chen Xiang said, "My teacher transmitted to me a moment ago and told me to remind you."

Gu Dongchen with a dignified look nodded his head, "Of course I know, a few days ago, the True Martial Sect and the Beast Martial Sect came here just for this matter!"

Wu Kaiming said, "The Beast Martial Sect and the True Martial Sect intend to join forces and snatch the Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor. However, their strength is not good as ours, which is why they could only come and try to start a war with us. That way, they can stall us in disarray, this would have allowed their people to enter the Black Tortoise Mountain. However, their plan wasn’t successful and we did not declared a full scale war with them!"

"What if they fight over it?” Chen Xiang asked.

“They would not dare. At that time, not only would only those two sects would be present, the five major devil sects and other sects would also be there. Furthermore, martial artists from their side would need to stall us over, so that, their people can seize the Black Tortoise Adamantly Armor.” Gu Dongchen sighed in helplessness.

Ten thousand years ago, Huang Jitian personally slayed the Dean of the Beast Martial Sect, deterring other sects. This was why the Extreme Martial Sect was able to keep the Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor.

"Looking at it, there is no need to wait a few days, they probably have released the information and the matter about the Black Tortoise Mountain should have spread out far!" Wu Kaiming said.

Chen Xiang could foresee a great battle between strong martial artists happening outside the Black Tortoise Mountain. There would be a great fight between the Dean level figures!

"Chen Xiang, I have a special way to enter the Mysterious Realm, you can go in even before the entrance of the Mysterious Realm is open!" Long Xueyi proudly said with a smile, "As long as you give me ten Building Foundation Dans, I promise to help you."

"Good girl, if you can help me, I’ll give them to you!" Chen Xiang was pleasantly surprised in his heart and quickly agreed.

Long Xueyi was a dragon, at time of her birth, she had inherited many things from her parents, that’s why, Chen Xiang too believed what she said was true.

Chen Xiang saw that his two martial nephew had an appearance of facing death with equanimity. He stood up, with both hands behind his back. With the bearing of a senior, Chen Xiang sighed and said, "Both of you don’t need to worry about this. Anyhow, I’m still your martial uncle, my teacher was once the Dean of the Extreme Martial Sect. Leave this matter to me! I’ll go and retrieve the Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor so that it will not fall into wicked hands.”

"Just you?" Wu Kaiming’s voice was filled with disbelief.

"Brat, don’t play jokes! When the Mysterious Realm of the Black Tortoise Mountain opens, many martial artists would enter! Not just major sect deans, there will be countless elder level figures. Like you, there will be many other True Martial Realm martial artists!" Gu Dongchen retorted.

"Call me martial uncle!" Chen Xiang pursed his lips and pretended to scold them.

"Yes, young martial uncle!" Gu Dongchen had a helpless look on his face.

Chen Xiang mischievously smiled, said, "Do you want to make a bet with me? If I can obtain the Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor, both of you will help me capture Elder Dan and rip off her mask!"

Both Gu Dongchen and Wu Kaiming were surprised for a moment, from Chen Xiang’s appearance it was now evident to both of them that their young martial uncle was not joking with them, even a bit. However, this request from Chen Xiang was just too much of a surprise to them.

"Do not count on them, even if they were to join forces, they could not subdue me! I’m also going to Black Tortoise Mountain!" Elder Dan suddenly appeared behind Chen Xiang, sending chills down his spine.

"Young martial uncle, do you really have a way to obtain the Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor?" Elder Dan asked. If it was before, she definitely wouldn’t believe him. But now, no matter how much she was unwilling to believe him, she would always have a little bit of faith in his words.

"If I get hold of it, are you going to take off your mask and let me look at your true appearance?" Chen Xiang laughed.

Fall into the moat and you’ll be wiser next time*, Elder Dan would not fall for Chen Xiang tricks this time around.

[TLN: One only learns from one’s mistakes.]

"I believe in young martial uncle’s ability, you can definitely do it.” Elder Dan replied.

Gu Dongchen ang Wu Kaiming both took a glance at each other. Looking at the scene in front of them, the relation between Chen Xiang and Elder Dan seemed to be good!

"Young martial uncle. If you can do that, it would be the best case scenario. However, how are you going to do it?" Gu Dongchen asked.

"I have to go and take a look at that place first!" Chen Xiang replied.

In this way, Chen Xiang hastily departed. To Yun Xiaodao and the others, he told them he got a mission to the Black Tortoise City. For this kind of remote place, Yun Xiaodao and Zhu Rong, were both uninterested. Moreover, they mainly needed to maintain and improve their own network in the Extreme Martial Sect. Getting to know more people with good potential, who could help them become the Patriarch in the future!