Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

In order to complete the mission quickly, Chen Xiang had to use his utmost strength to release three Magic method furnace s. Adding his own Yanlong furnace s and his Seven Stars Treasure Furnace, there were five in total.

Even so, he could only refine fifteen batches a day, which meant that he had to refine a total of seven thousand batches. It would take a very long time, especially for the other Alchemist.

Chen Xiang still found it slow, but that was only for him. For the people of this Sky Capital, concocting so many furnace pills was a very normal thing to do even if they used it for a dozen or twenty years.

Now, not only did he have to control the five pill furnaces to refine pills, he also had to absorb the Holy Spirit Qi inside the Holy stone around him and then condense the creation divine liquid in his mouth.

Chen Xiang would repeat the same thing every day, but it wasn’t much to him, because he was basically earning Holy stone s right now and was also raising his cultivation level. He was already very satisfied with it.

Just like this, day after day, more than a year had passed. The Yuling bamboo shoots s given by Red Cloud had all been refined into Yuxian Dan s by him, and because he had to control five pill furnaces to refine Immortal Grade Two pills at the same time, the difficulty was extremely great, and he also needed a lot of strength, so he failed for a total of dozens of batches.

However, compared to the time he had used and the number of pills he had produced, the tens of batches that had failed were not worth mentioning.

He did not come out. He opened the stone door of the secret room and could not help but sigh with emotion, he did not expect that after the time he was refining pills, such a long time had passed, and he was a little worried about Bai Youyou and Su Meiyao.

It was the first time that Chen Xiang and the girls had been separated for such a long time. He couldn’t wait to confirm the two girls’ safety.

Red Cloud was just like usual. She spent all day here, examining those disciples and Alchemist s who wanted to join their sect. When she saw that Chen Xiang had arrived, she let someone replace her.

"Can’t you stay any longer? Come out for some fresh air." Hong Xia asked with a smile, and immediately poured Chen Xiang some good tea.

Red Clouds was still wearing her fiery red clothes as before, but now she was wearing a red suit that made it easier for her to fight. It seemed like she would occasionally use one or two moves when she was testing someone else.

"It’s only been a year, what is there to stay for?" Chen Xiang laughed and took out two Storage bag s, throwing them at Red Cloud.

"There were seven thousand Yuxian Dan inside and they failed for a few dozen batches, but that’s for me."

After Red Cloud received it, she was stunned for a while. The seven thousand Yuling bamboo shoots, in just a year’s time, had all been refined into Yuxian Dan.

"This... This is too surprising. " Red clouds took a while to react before exclaiming,

Chen Xiang laughed: "Right now, I want to eat those Yuxian Dan. After my strength increases, I can go even faster.

"Mm, you must come and find me when the time comes." She did not expect that in just over a year’s time, she would obtain seven thousand Yuxian Dan and sell them for free. If she were to use her own abilities to earn a sum of Holy stone, it would probably take many years.

Chen Xiang hurriedly left the Three Aurora Restaurant and went to Ji Ling’er’s cave. A year’s time, for strong people like Ji Ling’er, was equivalent to a month’s time, so when she saw Chen Xiang, she was not too excited. Instead, Su Meiyao threw himself into Chen Xiang’s embrace and hugged him tightly.

They had left Chen Xiang for so long, and they were not used to it either. They could not help but miss Chen Xiang.

"Check and see if they’re missing anything." Ji Ling’er laughed.

Chen Xiang grinned, kissed Su Meiyao on her cherry lips, and then walked into the hall.

"What are you doing these days?" Chen Xiang asked curiously, he had Ji Ling’er take out some delicious things, he had been refining pills over a year, eating some pills everyday, and he also had to condense creation divine liquid s, so his mouth was always bitter and bitter.

Bai Youyou said: "Just playing everywhere, eating everywhere, this Heaven Sacred District is truly a good place."

Chen Xiang laughed, "Are you unwilling to leave?"

"There is one thing, but we still have some important matters to attend to in Nine Heaven World, so we will definitely come back here in the future." Bai Youyou brought up the matter of the Nine Heaven World, his expression heavy.

Chen Xiang naturally knew that they were going for revenge, but it might be difficult for them because they had been unable to raise their strength for many years, but their enemies had become even more powerful. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"Don’t worry, the matters of the Nine Heaven World will be resolved soon. I will become even more powerful here." Chen Xiang said firmly, then looked towards Ji Ling’er: "I already have over twenty thousand Yuxian Dan, I can now start to cultivate, I must break through this time."

Ji Ling’er nodded his head: "I will do my best to help you. After I finish consuming all these Yuxian Dan, when the time comes, I think the other pill shops will have a batch of them too, I just don’t know if the Three Aurora Pavilion will send anyone to clean the shop."

They also missed Long Xueyi a lot. Because Long Xueyi was a dragon, she was also worried that she would be targeted by some strong people after he came out. That’s why she didn’t have any intentions of coming out to take a look.

After Ji Ling’er closed up the cave, he and Chen Xiang entered the secret training room and helped Chen Xiang cultivate.

"Ling’er, you powerful Holy Maiden, how do you usually earn Holy stone quickly?" Chen Xiang asked. He was a little curious about it, because Red Cloud seemed to be lacking a lot of Holy stone s. Just seven thousand of them was enough to make her excited.

"I’ve said it before, if you want to be fast, you have to kill Saint Beasts, or try to get the job of managing the mines. Otherwise, if you were to do some small things in the clan, it would be hard to get a large number of Holy stone." Ji Ling’er sighed, "Forget about us women, even if we were men, it would be the same. Unless we have a powerful father, it would be difficult for us to live a prosperous life."

"In that case, do you also rely on yourselves to obtain your cultivation resources?" Chen Xiang continued to ask.

Every once in a while, a family or sect will hold an exam, and they will be able to obtain rich amounts of cultivation resources in an excellent way. However, there’s usually something fishy about this exam, and if there’s no one behind you or if you’re not good enough, there’s a high chance that you won’t have any excellent results.

Ji Ling’er placed both of his hands on Chen Xiang’s chest and injected a strong and thick energy into her, suppressing the hundred of Yuxian Dan s in Chen Xiang’s body to erupt at the same time.

"We all have real ability, so we can always obtain relatively rich resources during the exam, but it still can’t compare to those guys with powerful backers. Because my father is the clan leader, he is being watched by many elders, and none of them dare to secretly help me, so if they find out, we’ll have to follow the family rules and deal with it." Ji Ling’er’s voice was filled with helplessness, "Although we have relatively strong powers, we will never receive too much attention. We just think that when you’re useful, we will still pay a little bit more attention to you."