Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Of course, the faster the better, because I have urgent matters at Nine Heaven World. But before I leave, I need to get a large number of Holy stone so that you all don’t have to worry about the Holy stone and the medicinal pellets." Chen Xiang leaned his head against her chest.

The relationship between Chen Xiang and her was merely that of a friend, but they had acted this way for her sake, causing her to be moved. They had lost the support of a powerful force, so it would be difficult for them to live a peaceful life in the Super Old Sacred City in the future.

Chen Xiang immersed himself in the God’s Spring for an hour, looking as energetic as if he had slept for a whole day.

"These are Biyuan Dan, there should be around four thousand of them. I have already completed the previous one thousand." Chen Xiang took out a Storage bag.

If it was in the past, Ji Ling’er and Red Cloud would definitely have been shocked, because Chen Xiang was actually able to refine this Biyuan Dan that was extremely difficult to refine faster than the Yuxian Dan.

Ji Ling’er and Red Dawn handed over the twenty thousand Jasper gourd that they had bought to Chen Xiang. Chen Xiang couldn’t help but to admire Red Dawn’s ability, to be able to get her in such a short time, and at a very low price at that.

Chen Xiang never asked about Holy stone s, he himself owed Ji Ling’er two million, but Ji Ling’er didn’t bring it up much anyway. She knew that the benefits Chen Xiang brought her wasn’t just two hundred kilograms.

After the two girls left, Chen Xiang returned to the secret room. The reason he was trying so hard to refine pills was also because he wanted to find an opportunity to meet the Pill Saint here. If they could come to an agreement, Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou could quickly recover.

Ever since the Super Holy School’s people had come to find them, Ji Ling’er and Red Cloud became even more cautious when they went out. Although they cooperated with some of the big powers, those big powers no longer knew where they lived, so this small cave was no longer disturbed.

Meanwhile, the Super Holy School continued to search for Ji Ling’er and Red Cloud. They seemed to already know that the two Holy Daughters were together, and Red Dawn and Chen Xiang who possessed the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword were priceless treasures in the eyes of the Super Holy School.

If they did not go out to buy and sell pills, Red Cloud and Ji Ling’er would rarely go out and stay in the cave to cultivate.

Every time Chen Xiang came out, it meant that they had something to do, and could quickly obtain a large amount of Holy stone.

Although her cultivation did not increase, she was able to unleash a lot of the power that was hidden in her body. Especially regarding the use of the Holy Spirit Fire, she knew very clearly that the cultivation method of the Fire god method could not be measured using the Holy stone, and in her heart, she was extremely grateful to Chen Xiang.

The change techniques that Ji Ling’er trained in had made quite a bit of a breakthrough as well. It was able to make her into a variety of people, as well as a few small and medium-sized beasts.

They were both cultivating in the same secret room and could see each other’s progress.

"It’s been almost four months. It’s been a long time since I last saw that little scoundrel. I miss him very much in my heart." Ji Ling’er squatted by the side of the pool, and softly muttered while caressing the holy spring that was prepared for Chen Xiang.

"Ling’er’s heart is moved." After the red clouds heard this, they smiled coquettishly and said,

Ji Ling’er rolled his eyes at her, then asked: "Sister Hong, if he can refine a Holy Pellet like this in the future, wouldn’t that be extremely terrifying?"

"Of course, but the Holy level s are a problem. It’s only a matter of time before he becomes a pill saint." Hong Xia nodded.

"I never thought that we would be able to be friends with a Pill Saint. When that group of old guys from Ji Clan find out, they will definitely regret it until they die." Ji Ling’er laughed. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Red-clouds came to her side, pinching her face as she smiled, "If his strength is sufficient, wouldn’t you be pledging your life to him?"

Ji Ling’er stuck out his tongue, and asked: "What if it was you?"

Red Cloud did not answer and the two girls stayed silent for a while. At this time, Chen Xiang’s laughter rang out: "What are you guys talking about? I think I heard that our two holy maiden beauties have taken a fancy to that family’s young man."

When Chen Xiang came out of the secret room, he went straight here. Along the way, he took off his clothes, and then walked into the bathing pool naked.

Red Cloud and Ji Ling’er heard their conversation earlier from Chen Xiang’s ears. She blushed a little and wanted to leave, but Chen Xiang released two water vines and wrapped it around their waists, pulling them into the bath. The two girls started to cry out.

"I’ve been concocting pills for so long that I’m going to die of boredom. You all still don’t intend to talk to me, you can’t be so cruel."

Chen Xiang smiled as he looked at their wet bodies. After the light dresses were soaked, it stuck closely to their jade bodies, outlining their beautiful and alluring bodies. Adding on to that wet long hair, it made Chen Xiang smile even more ruthlessly.

"Damn scoundrel." Who knew that her waist was already being embraced by Chen Xiang, and the same went for Red Cloud. What made them the most embarrassed was that Chen Xiang’s bad hand was extremely agile as he swam towards their chests, invading their sacred snowy peaks.

Instantly, in the pool, Chen Xiang, who was naked, was playing with two Holy Maiden in thin clothes. When the sounds of clothes tearing came out, the girl’s delicate shout and her endless spring color filled the entire room.

After having fun in the bathtub, Chen Xiang also took advantage of the two girls. Hong Xia and Ji Ling’er could only nag him, they did not dare to use their terrifying holy power to fight him, and were worried that they would hurt him.

In the hall, it was already easy for the two girls. They knew that Chen Xiang had refined a large batch of Biyuan Dan s after concocting pills for such a long time, and might even have finished refining the twenty thousand Jasper gourd s. They were going to sell the Biyuan Dan s now.

"I’ll go with you guys this time and pack up as well. We might not be coming back." Chen Xiang laughed.

"You really finished refining the Jasper gourd." Ji Ling’er was slightly excited.

"If that’s really the case, then the business we need to do now will be very big, and we will have a large number of Holy stone." The same was true for the red clouds, it was hard to conceal the excitement in their hearts.

Chen Xiang was actually very calm, because in his eyes, these kind of Holy stone were definitely not enough.

"There are a total of eighty thousand pills. I can produce four in a single furnace." Chen Xiang passed over two Storage bag to the two of them. Inside the bottles, there were Biyuan Dan s inside, so even if they had to count, it would still take a while.

Even Red Dawn and Ji Ling’er, who were already mentally prepared, couldn’t help but be dumbstruck at this moment. If it were Holy stone s, then it would be over five million kilograms.

"Calm down, have you decided who you want to sell to?" Chen Xiang laughed, "According to the two hundred Jin Holy stone s, I should be able to get sixteen million Jin of Holy stone s. When the time comes, I will use six million Jin to buy a decent house and buy more fourth grade Immortal medicine."

Red Cloud took a deep breath and said: "Don’t worry, we have a good idea of what kind of house you want to buy, right now you want to sell those Biyuan Dan, there shouldn’t be any problems, if that big force could store so many Biyuan Dan, we can’t even be happy about it."

Chen Xiang changed his appearance and asked: "Have you found any news about the Pill Saint?"

Ji Ling’er shook his head: "We can’t find anything. Only the leaders of the super big powers will know some clues, but it’s difficult for us to get hold of them right now."

Chen Xiang said as his brows furrowed, "He wouldn’t even bother to pay attention to selling those eighty thousand Biyuan Dan."

The red cloud said: "To value is to value, but to not appear, because the Biyuan Dan is of no help to himself, just leave it to the elders."

"What is the name of the power that you have been working with for a long time?" Chen Xiang followed the two girls out of the cave. He planned to meet the big shots of the big powers.

Divine Feather School is not a match for him, he is one of the five great forces of the Heaven Sacred District. Usually, we can only see a few elders, and even if it’s an elder of the Divine Feather School, it would be very difficult to see their face. Red Cloud said,

Chen Xiang thought for a while, "I will find a way to meet him."

He felt that the Leader of this Divine Feather School should be those people with the same strength as the Nine Heaven World in the past.

Ji Ling’er understood that Chen Xiang wanted to see the Pill Saint because of Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou. She was very clear about the relationship between Chen Xiang and the two of them, and she did not doubt what Chen Xiang had said.

There was a large mountain range there, and huge stone towers that pierced through the clouds stood up. Divine Feather School was one of the five big powers of the Sky Capital, and had a very solid foundation, there were many places in the Sky City where they could mine their Holy stone, they could do all kinds of business there.

Chen Xiang and the two girls were on the top floor of a stone tower in the Heaven Sacred District. From there, they could see the huge stone tower in the distance, which was the domain of the Divine Feather School.

"The three of you, because there are some matters that need to be taken care of within the sect, I’ve made you all wait. I’m very sorry." An old man with kind eyes suddenly appeared behind Chen Xiang and the others, and asked with a smile.

This old man was an elder of the Divine Feather School, he was mainly in charge of managing business, his name was Luo Qi,

"Elder Luo, it’s alright. This time, we brought a lot of Biyuan Dan. I wonder if you guys can buy them all." Hong Xia smiled apologetically.

Luo Qi looked at Chen Xiang, and did not immediately discuss the deal, but asked: "Is this your Alchemist, that doesn’t look like it, but for him to be able to follow you, I think it should be him, as expected of someone who cannot be judged by his appearance."

"Elder Luo, if we can come to a conclusion this time, I still have a small transaction. I think your Leader might be interested." Chen Xiang laughed heartily, giving people a feeling that he was unfathomable.

He said that he had nothing to do with the matters of this world. If you can get him out of the mountain by locking yourself up all day, it would be a good thing for our Divine Feather School. "Ling Chen:" ... ... The meaning behind his words, was to tell Chen Xiang that only some extremely extraordinary things would be able to cause their Leader to be interested.