Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Feng Yujie did not expect Chen Xiang’s pill refining skills to be so strange, she did not use the Foreseeing Alchemy, and had even refined the ingredients in an instant. This sudden change put a lot of pressure on her, because she was very sure that Chen Xiang would not be able to win against her previously, but she was very confident of winning, because she was a Pill Saint, and in terms of quantity and quality, she would definitely not be able to compare to a brat like Chen Xiang.

Even if Chen Xiang was faster than her, if the quantity of pills dropped was less than the quality, he would still be unable to defeat her. In the end, he would still lose and win.

Chen Xiang was currently only releasing a weak Sacred Flame to maintain the temperature of the Magic method furnace, allowing him to steadily enter the final stage of the Core Formation stage.

Just like what Chen Xiang had done just now, she had also refined that Jasper gourd. She was just a bit slower than Chen Xiang, so her speed was considered very fast now.

The process of condensing the pellet was somewhat difficult, so the two of them did not make any further movements. Both of them allowed the lump of Medicine aura and medicinal powder to fuse, and then stabilize ...

"It’s about time to start." Chen Xiang looked at the Magic method furnace’s dark green ball of air, with a thought, he released a burst of God Power, preparing to cut that ball of mist.

Seeing that Chen Xiang could split the mist, Feng Yujie knew that Chen Xiang could also refine the Multicolored Biyuan Dan, but she still felt that she would not be able to surpass Chen Xiang.

Just as he was about to cut open the barrier, Chen Xiang suddenly released a burst of flames that covered the entire Magic method furnace and covered its interior. Feng Yujie cursed at him while gritting his teeth.

Chen Xiang didn’t want Feng Yujie to see the number of pills he had taken out, in case Feng Yujie would make a move.

Feng Yujie also started to cut that ball of air. Just like Chen Xiang, she also released a white flame to wrap it up, carefully carrying it out from the inside.

Chen Xiang anxiously used Chaos Divine Eye to look, but Feng Yujie used some strange power to prevent him from peeping.

Feng Yujie suddenly felt an inexplicable pressure. Although the news of her and Chen Xiang competing in pill refining here would not spread out, but if she really lost to Chen Xiang, this would definitely be an unerasable stain in her heart.

But when she thought about how she had won, and obtained a Phoenix Fruit, she didn’t lose anything, and her heart became much more balanced. No matter what, the one losing was Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang didn’t think so. If he could win against Feng Yujie, he could tease this naughty mature woman from time to time.

"You seem to be faster than me, but you didn’t open the pill furnace. Are you waiting for me?" Feng Yujie said.

"No, I’m letting you win. You are sister Meiyao and Sister You You’s mother, I don’t want you to lose that badly." Chen Xiang smiled slightly.

Feng Yujie cursed inwardly. In order to make her lose so badly, he had purposely increased her speed a little. If she still lost, he would make her feel ashamed.

"In that case, I will make your loss difficult." Feng Yujie controlled the ball of white flame above her to slowly descend and hover in front of her.

"Watch carefully, don’t be scared." Feng Yujie smiled confidently and withdrew the white flames that were wrapped around the Biyuan Dan. The three Biyuan Dan s floated quietly in the air, surrounded by a faint green mist, like bright green stars in a nebula.

Chen Xiang deliberately revealed an extremely shocked expression and shouted in an exaggerated manner: "Amazing, as expected of a Holy Pellet, a Jasper gourd can actually refine three Biyuan Dan, undefeatable."

"Brat, stop hiding, hurry up and let me see the result." Feng Yujie frowned and shouted. Chen Xiang praising her in such an exaggerated manner made her feel like he was belittling her. It made her suddenly feel uncertain.

Chen Xiang chuckled: "I still need a bit more time, I’ll be fine soon."

He closed his eyes and took a few deep breaths, then with a groan, he retracted the flames that had been wrapped around the pill furnace. Inside, four Biyuan Dan s appeared, but what was surprising was that these four Biyuan Dan s all released a strong light, just like the sun, it was hard for people to look straight at them.

It was actually Pill Light.

’s face was filled with shock. Even without using a pill furnace to concoct pills, she could produce four pills, and there was even a pill glow. At this moment, she was severely injured, because she had lost, although there was only a single pill difference, but whether it was in strength or the time of concocting pills, she was much stronger than Chen Xiang, and was actually lagging behind Chen Xiang by a single pill.

Chen Xiang waved his hand and let the four Biyuan Dan floating in front of Feng Yujie. He laughed proudly: "Taste it, let’s see how good the quality is."

Feng Yujie exhaled, reached out, grabbed the four Biyuan Dan s, and looked at Chen Xiang with an unwilling face.

Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou were not too surprised. They had already expected such an outcome.

"You lost." Chen Xiang laughed: "How are you? Are you sad?"

"Damn brat, don’t be cocky." Feng Yujie looked at Chen Xiang with hidden bitterness, and was slightly angry in his heart. This was because Chen Xiang clearly wanted to see her make a fool of herself.

Chen Xiang said with a serious face: "Aunt Feng, you are a Pill Saint, even if I went out and told everyone that I defeated you, they would not believe me, so don’t worry, I won’t go around and ruin your reputation."

He tossed the phoenix fruit in his hand and laughed: "This fruit is not that easy to obtain."

Seeing Feng Yujie’s defeated expression, Chen Xiang laughed loudly before walking out of the cave and entering the Transmission array.

When Luo Qi saw Chen Xiang smiling so happily, he did not know what had happened. He did not ask further, but rather, activated the Transmission array and left.

"Meiyao, You You, what method did that damn kid use, do you know?" After Chen Xiang left, Feng Yujie anxiously asked, the displeasure on her face had disappeared, as though she did not lose just now, she revealed a brilliant smile. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"This... Of course I do, but it’s a bit difficult to learn. " Su Meiyao said. She had studied God purification before, but her divine power was too weak, she was still unable to learn it.

"Can you teach me?" Feng Yujie held Su Meiyao’s hand and said softly, "Do you want to get the little demon’s consent?"

Su Meiyao laughed tenderly: "Of course not, but he is the creator of this pill refining technique. If you use it, he will definitely have something to say in the future when he opens his mouth, saying that you are his successor or something."

Feng Yujie chuckled: "This time, I’m not afraid. I’ve lived for so long, I’ll lower myself to the same level as that brat, and just did what I did for him a moment ago to make that little brat feel proud, I didn’t lose anything."

Chen Xiang left. If he knew Feng Yujie had such a state of mind, he would not be in a good spot.

"Little Naughty Dragon, they’re not here anymore. We can do whatever we want from now on." Chen Xiang said to Long Xueyi with a smirk on his face.

"Who’s with you? Quickly go to that new house and go with those two holy girls." Long Xueyi laughed: "If you eat them, I won’t tell anyone else."