Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

After fusing with his dantian, he obtained the power of the Heaven Pellet, causing the entire Divine Sense Sea to become stronger. As a result, Lv Qilian, who had a weaker cultivation in the divine way, could only allow himself to be manipulated by Chen Xiang the moment he entered the Divine Sense Sea.

"Do you still want to learn Alive Slain Method?" Lv Qilian was soaking in the Divine Sense Sea, preventing his body from being exposed. He even covered his upper body with his hands, preventing the spring light from leaking.

"I didn’t do it on purpose. I’m sorry, but wait for me to calm down." Chen Xiang took a deep breath, he had a strange smile on his face.

"You did it on purpose." Lv Qilian clenched her teeth, she wanted to teach Chen Xiang a lesson in her heart.

Chen Xiang laughed: "You don’t have to be so angry, this is only your divine soul. After checking it with my eyes, I can tell that it’s slightly different from the size of your physical body."

"Shut up and let me out." Lv Qilian regretted entering Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea very much.

Just as she finished speaking, she felt herself floating. There was actually a force that lifted her up, allowing her to surface, allowing her to once again be seen by Chen Xiang.

"You ... Stop thinking so much and turn your head away. " Lv Qilian shouted anxiously, he did not care about being angry anymore.

Chen Xiang anxiously turned his head, but Lv Qilian immediately floated in front of him, allowing him to once again see her beautiful and naked body.

"I really didn’t mean to." Chen Xiang looked helpless, seeing Lv Qilian who was so angry that he had nothing to say, he immediately explained. "Once I calm down my mind, it will quickly be over."

Chen Xiang closed her eyes and breathed in deeply. She no longer looked at Lv Qilian’s alluring body, no longer imagined some unbearable scenes, and she controlled her mind. Before long, a set of clothes appeared on Lv Qilian’s body.

Lv Qilian was also relieved, she was afraid that if this continued, she would cause trouble, and she could understand Chen Xiang’s dirty thoughts. Right now, she could only blame herself for telling Chen Xiang those things, if not Chen Xiang would not have those thoughts.

"Stop thinking about it. I’ll just pretend that what happened just now never happened." She didn’t dare to be too strict with Chen Xiang right now either. She was worried that Chen Xiang would have an even more preposterous idea and that it would become her worst nightmare.

Chen Xiang hurriedly nodded his head: "Hurry up and pass the Alive Slain Method to me."

"Relax a little, I’ll try to see if I can impart my Alive Slain Method into your soul." Lv Qilian placed her jade hand on Chen Xiang’s forehead.

Chen Xiang closed his eyes. Unknowingly, something new had appeared in his memory, causing him to be extremely happy: "It worked."

"Yes, while looking at the chants above the cliff, compare them to the chants that I sent into your soul, this way, you should be able to completely integrate them into your soul. If you want to master the Heaven Earth Killing Method quickly, there’s no such stone tablet, so you can only use this method." Lv Qilian said.

"There’s a lot of content. It looks like it’ll take a long time." Chen Xiang said: "Will it delay your business?" Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"It’s nothing, it’s more important that I pass on my skills to you." She sincerely wanted to repay Chen Xiang. Although she was a high and mighty Flower Emperor, she was also a loyal person.

"Sister Qilian, why is your soul so weak?" Chen Xiang should have been cultivating his soul for a period of time, but he was actually inferior to him.

"Your soul is too strong. Under normal circumstances, my soul can be considered very strong. I really don’t know how you cultivate it." Lv Qilian snorted, thinking back to what happened earlier, she felt embarrassed.

’s soul had already started cultivating since a long time ago. Cultivating the Divine Arts was the Imperial Dragon Race’s powerful Nine-turn dragon god mantra, especially when he was in the nine transformations, the power of the Nine-turn dragon god mantra could be seen from it. In addition, Chen Xiang often trained with Long Xueyi inside the Divine Sense Sea for dual cultivation with Long Xueyi’s powerful soul.

"Sister Qilian, I have a spiritual cultivation method. I can guarantee that it can help your soul become stronger quickly." Chen Xiang said.

"I’ve been practicing my current cultivation technique for a very long time. Suddenly changing my cultivation technique to another one wouldn’t work." Lv Qilian was somewhat regretful.

"This... My cultivation technique is called the Gods join method, and is a duo cultivation technique ... "

"Stop talking." When Lv Qilian heard the name, she had already guessed it. She had heard of it before and thought that it was just a legend, she didn’t think that there would actually be such a thing.

"Then forget it, isn’t it just a soul? What’s the big deal? It’s not like it’s the main body." Chen Xiang curled his lips: "If you want to become a real Flower Emperor, then the strength of your soul is a must. Your current soul is too weak, so that half-crippled Fire Emperor is definitely stronger than you, and you still have Imperial Dragon Race’s dragon."

Lv Qilian scoffed, "What good is this to you? Your soul is so strong, even if you practice that technique, the one who will suffer is you, right?

"This is for your own good. Kindly treat her like a donkey’s liver and lungs." Chen Xiang sighed.

Three days had passed and Chen Xiang finally obtained the Alive Slain Method. The next thing he needed to do was to integrate all of the parts of the Heaven Earth Killing Method and circulate them together.

"Hmph, why can’t I go out yet?" Lv Qilian wanted to leave Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea, but after trying for a while, he was unable to do so. "You don’t want me to leave at all from the bottom of your heart, hurry up and control your mind."

Chen Xiang was startled, then said with a face full of grievance: "I don’t have that kind of thought, I really do."

Lv Qilian clenched his teeth: "You definitely do, and moreover, that kind of thought is very strong, it has already entered your heart, this is going to be troublesome."

"Then what do we do? I really don’t want to do this." Chen Xiang’s face was full of innocence. He also wanted Lv Qilian to hurry up and leave his Divine Sense Sea so that he could start training in the Heaven Earth Killing Method. He had gathered everything now and really wanted to try it out.

"How should I know? This is the first time you’ve encountered something like this, and it might be because of something in your heart. If you don’t remove that desire, it will be difficult to dispel that desire in the depths of your heart, hmph." Lv Qilian thought about something, and an ugly face and a blush appeared on his face.

With regards to matters like the soul, without Long Xueyi, Chen Xiang wouldn’t be able to understand it at all. At this moment, he started to miss Long Xueyi.

Chen Xiang said: "Then can we wait a few more days? I’ll cultivate on my own and see if it can make me forget about some things while I cultivate. That way, you can go out when the time comes."

Lv Qilian was very helpless. When she came, she had expected that it would take a lot of time, so she could only wait and see.

Chen Xiang didn’t have any evil thoughts right now, he just wanted to quickly cultivate the Heaven Earth Killing Method.