Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Dragon Subduing School was besieged by such a powerful force, he did not plan to drag along the dragon guy and the Super Martial School, nor any power that he could call upon. Even if the Hundreds of Flowers Palace joined in, he was afraid that it would be difficult to resist such a powerful offensive.

The White Tiger profound Realm was above the Chen Martial Continent. Although there were a lot of changes here, Chen Xiang still remembered the way. After he arrived near the profound Realm, he teleported into the White Tiger profound Realm.

White Tiger profound Realm was still as relaxed as before. Although there was a very powerful White Tiger Fighting Race inside, there was no killing intent at all.

Chen Xiang who had already entered the Immortal-becoming realm was able to easily capture the White Tiger’s aura. After sensing the White Tiger’s location, he traveled through space again until he arrived underneath the huge tree.

"Come on up." The White Tiger had also discovered him and sent him a telepathic message.

Chen Xiang came to a tree hole on the tree. The White Tiger and Bai Zhan were inside, with faint smiles on their faces. They seemed to have already guessed that Chen Xiang would come.

"It’s been so many years, I never thought that you would become so strong, I’m afraid Bai Zhan is no longer your opponent." The White Tiger laughed, "You must have gained a lot in the Nine Heaven World."

Chen Xiang did not hold back, sat on a wooden chair, and laughed: "You are the Great Clan Elder of the Dragon Subduing School, if I come now, you should know my purpose for coming here."

The White Tiger nodded, smiled and looked at Bai Zhan: "It’s been a long time since our White Tiger Fighting Race has truly fought, it’s time to let that group of brats experience the world."

"Now." Chen Xiang asked.

"I’ll go prepare it now." Bai Zhan laughed and left the cave.

After Bai Zhan left, the White Tiger asked in a deep voice, "I heard that you went to that Heaven Realm and stayed there for more than two hundred years. What did you see there?"

"Saint Beasts, very powerful Saint Beasts. There are a lot of them." Chen Xiang said.

The White Tiger walked to the entrance of the tree and looked into the distance. Thinking back, it said, "That’s right. There are indeed many powerful Saint Beasts in that place, but as far as I know, the strongest is still a group of humans."

He turned around, looked at Chen Xiang, and asked again, "Didn’t you meet that human in the sky?"

Chen Xiang said: "I did, the reason I was able to improve so quickly, was because I was in Tiandu City, and I had a few strong heaven people with me."

"Senior, back then Ten Heavens Supreme Lord was attacked by those people from the Realm of Flame Heaven, wasn’t that war caused by the Realm of Flame Heaven?" Chen Xiang asked.

Back then, Qi Shi was very powerful, and he had even grasped such a terrifying thing as the Heavenly Alchemy. Above Di Tian, he had directly absorbed a large amount of Nine Heavens Immortal Aura to refine pills, and sometimes he had even selected a few stars.

If this goes on, the Nine Heavens will only grow stronger and stronger, threatening the safety of their Heavenly Realm. Therefore, before Qi Shi even discovered the Heavenly Realm, they had already secretly joined hands with a few Heavenly Realms and descended together to the Nine Heavens. This led to a huge war with Qi Shi, who had a lot of loyal subordinates and friends.

"But Ten Heavens Supreme Lord Qi Shi is very strong. Almost all of his subordinates have been annihilated, and his strength alone is enough to resist those Sky Region fellows for a very long time."

Chen Xiang asked, "According to the clues that I know, the death of Ten Heavens Supreme Lord is still a mystery. In the end, he abandoned the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, established his own Emperor’s Tomb, and established his own Ten Heavenly Sacred Mountain.

The White Tiger shook its head, "No, it’s the Hell Devil Emperor, the Great Emperor who manages the entire Infernal Realm."

Chen Xiang took in a deep breath. This reminded him of the Night Devil Hell; because of the great war that happened in the Primordial Era, that place broke through hell, opening up a gap that was difficult to make up. It caused the entire Sacred Beasts Ancient Realm to be destroyed.

"I heard about the Night Devil Hell as well. I even went to the Sacred Beasts Ancient Realm, and when I returned, I went past the entrance to hell." Chen Xiang frowned: "Now, even Night Devil Hell’s people have come to attack my Dragon Subduing School. I wonder why?"

"Why did the Hell Devil Emperor attack the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord?"

"The Hell Devil Emperor is very strong. The hell he governs is spread throughout all realms and the heaven and above. After the deaths of those heinous people, as long as their souls are still alive, they will be sucked into hell."

"Powerful evil spirits are one of the powers that maintain the flow of energy in the Infernal Realm. Qi Shi’s men are very strong in the Nine Heaven World, so because of the excessive killing, they would enter the Infernal Realm after their deaths. So some of the managers in the Infernal Realm wanted their souls, and then, they would collude with some of the people in the Heaven Realm."

As Chen Xiang listened up to this point, he had already guessed that the matter of Ten Heavens Supreme Lord blasting open the Gates of Hell back then was not that simple.

"Therefore, the moment Qi Shi’s subordinates died, their souls would immediately disappear. Qi Shi, who had the control of the Heaven Earth Killing Method, could have kept all of those souls and resurrected them. The special care of the Infernal Realm left Qi Shi powerless to reverse the situation."

"I wonder how he found a weak point in space and lured a large group of Sky Realm Rankers to a great battle in the Sacred Beasts Ancient Realm. He blasted a hole there, broke into the Infernal Realm, and killed a few Hell Demons who were in charge of collecting souls. Using the Heavenly Alchemy, he refined a large amount of evil spirits from the Infernal Realm into pills."

Chen Xiang took a few deep breaths. Ten Heavens Supreme Lord had actually done this before. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"It’s no big deal. Why didn’t you tell me before?" Chen Xiang curled his lips and asked.

"It’s mainly because of that little white dragon in your body. If she finds out about this, the consequences will be even worse." The White Tiger said, "That small dragon probably went to Imperial Dragon Race to cause trouble, so I’m not afraid to tell you these secrets."

"What does it have to do with her?" Chen Xiang was very confused, "Even though she knows a lot of things, they are all inheritances of her memories."

The White Tiger laughed, "You believe in her inheritance of memories, memories usually only come from memories that are more important. She must have told you a lot of random things, do you think that is also a inheritance of memories? How could a newly born creature be able to bear so many inheritance of memories?"

"Then... "Then what’s the matter with her?" Chen Xiang thought about it, and felt that Long Xueyi was very mysterious too. She seemed to be a disappointed person, her memories were awakening bit by bit.

"I only know that this little dragon has a great relationship with Qi Shi. Qi Shi’s body was beheaded by the Hell Devil Emperor, but his soul was brought into hell, and I heard that it was suppressed there. If she knew the whereabouts of Qi Shi’s soul a long time ago, she would definitely encourage you to go, even if you didn’t go, she would have gone as well." The White Tiger said seriously, "With your current strength, if you go to hell, there’s only death. Although the Hell Devil Emperor is unable to cover up that loophole, don’t doubt his strength."

"Back then, in the Nine Heavens, even the experts of the Heavenly Realm were unable to do anything to Qi Shi. However, when Hell Devil Emperor only said that he wanted to capture him personally, Qi Shi had already started to prepare for the future and isolate the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and the other divine weapons on his body. He had passed on the Heaven Earth Killing Method and the Heavenly Alchemy to them, so he knew very well that he had no chance of winning against the Hell Devil Emperor."

"Qi Shi’s soul is still in hell, you absolutely must not tell that little dragon about this."

Chen Xiang was very curious, "Just what is the relationship between her and Qi Shi?"

The White Tiger frowned, as if it was considering whether to tell Chen Xiang or not.

"Okay, I can tell you, but you must not tell that little dragon." The White Tiger’s tone was very serious. Seeing Chen Xiang nodding his head heavily, it said in a low voice, "Qi Shi has the important White Dragon item in his hand. That item is tied up with Qi Shi’s soul."

"What’s this?" Chen Xiang was even more curious now.

"Divine Deity." The White Tiger said in a deep voice, "I suspect that the little dragon that hid you in your body in the past was the Heavenly Dragon Supreme Lord back then. It can be considered a divine dragon, with its own Divine Deity. I wonder what kind of thing Qi Shi used to trade with her, to borrow her Divine Deity, allowing Qi Shi to obtain very powerful strength.

"When Heavenly Dragon Supreme Lord cultivated her Divine Deity, many dragons called her Dragon Emperor, and because of this, many Holy Dragons became dissatisfied. Those Holy Dragons fought for more benefits, and in the end, they joined hands to annihilate the entire White Dragon Tribe.

Chen Xiang was shocked in her heart, and she took a few deep breaths to calm herself down, "This means that she died because she didn’t have any Divine Deity."

The White Tiger shook its head, "This is only one of the reasons. I think that the people of Hell and the Heavenly Realm have secretly made their move as well. Her dragon body was split up between the heavenly and holy dragons, and her soul is sent to the Infernal Realm, but from the looks of it, her soul didn’t go to the Infernal Realm."

In the past, when Long Xueyi always said that he was the Heavenly Dragon Supreme Lord, Chen Xiang thought that she was just bragging. He never thought that it was actually true, and when he thought back to Long Xueyi’s abnormal rate of improvement, he felt that it was a little abnormal. However, Long Xueyi had always misled him, saying that the Imperial Dragon Race was like this, making him feel that it was very normal.

Especially when he often trained in Gods join method with Long Xueyi, his improvement was so quick. This was because Long Xueyi herself had a very powerful soul, she was not a newborn little dragon at all, but a genuine Ancestral Dragon.

Within the Endless Heaven Realm, there are only a few who discovered strong life forms. Those few are the strongest humans and beasts in the Heaven Realm, and they are about the same as the Nine Emperors and Five Venerables back in the day, not that much stronger. However, there are only a few who managed to cultivate Divine Deity, and they can’t even be cultivated in the ten days Great Yan Jing. The White Tiger said, "Since that dragon has been reborn, it probably won’t be easy for it to cultivate Divine Deity, so she knows the whereabouts of Qi Shi’s soul and will definitely go and retrieve her Divine Deity."

"Senior, what about you? Have you managed to cultivate Divine Deity yet?" Chen Xiang asked curiously.

"I almost managed to cultivate it, but who would have known that it would be so unlucky. Because I was Qi Shi’s master, and was also targeted by the Hell Devil Emperor, I killed too many people while I was still alive, so after being killed I took a walk around the Infernal Realm. The White Tiger sighed, "That’s why you have to be careful, don’t get targeted by the Hell Devil Emperor."