Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had left him for more than ten days. Logically speaking, he should have already found the Imperial Dragon Race and made some movements, but there was no news of him at all.

When launching their total attack on the Evil Dragon Graveyard, the Imperial Dragon Race was the main force. When the strong huge dragons attacked together and used their strong abilities, it made Chen Xiang feel terrified.

"I will have Bai Zhan prepare to attack at any time, take this thing, when the battle starts, just throw it into the air, and then we will immediately come over." The White Tiger gave a pearl to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang received the pearl, and the White Tiger held onto his shoulder, warned him once again: "Remember, you must not tell that White Dragon about what I told you before. With your current strength, you and her are still unable to contend against that terrifying hell."

"I know." Chen Xiang nodded his head heavily.

After leaving the White Tiger profound Realm, Chen Xiang looked in the direction of the Devil Continent. There was a mysterious ancient tomb there, where his father and clansmen were. He wanted to go and see them, but he was a little worried that he wouldn’t be able to return when the Evil Dragon Graveyard was attacked.

"There’s still some time, I should go to profound Cold Ancient Realm to have a look. That place should have some other secrets." Chen Xiang suddenly thought of the powerful profound Cold Ancient Realm. The profoundbing s inside had sealed a large amount of precious things, and his own Philosophic stone had opened up from within, along with that Heaven-suppressed immortal monument.

Legend has it that the Great Yan Jing did not dare to enter the depths of profound Cold Ancient Realm for ten days, and the White Tiger also confirmed this point. Back then, before the profound Cold Ancient Realm was frozen, it was already an extraordinary place.

It was rumored that Ten Heavens Supreme Lord had already died and could not be resurrected. However, after the White Tiger told him that Ten Heavens Supreme Lord’s soul was still in hell, he felt that it was possible that Ten Heavens Supreme Lord would be resurrected.

Moreover, that Ten Heavenly Sacred Mountain might have been a pretense. He started to suspect that the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord’s tomb was inside that profound Cold Ancient Realm.

Chen Xiang came to the City of the King, and left a secret note there. Soon enough, he contacted Huang Jintian and the two met in a relatively dilapidated part of the city.

Inside a shabby little house, Huang Jintian was wolfing down a beast meat. The moment Chen Xiang walked in and saw the beast meat, he knew it was Holy Beast meat. Without saying a word, he reached out and grabbed a large piece of it.

"The meat of these Saint Beasts is much better than the meat of the Golden Roc." Huang Jintian laughed out loud.

"Master, what did you find?" Chen Xiang asked, he wanted to know the exact total attack time of those big powers.

There are a lot of forces surrounding Evil Dragon Graveyard. Furthermore, those fellows who initiated this operation don’t feel that their powers are sufficient and are currently trying to recruit more factions. At that time, there might be a huge battle. Huang Jintian’s face became gloomy, he did not even have any appetite when eating meat.

"What Heaven Region are they all from?" Chen Xiang had just returned from the Absolute Monarch Sanctuary not long ago, so it was impossible for the Absolute Monarch Sanctuary to participate.

"There are three Heavenly Regions. The Heavenly Region of Holy Ice, the Heavenly Evil Realm, and another one that seems like the Heavenly Region of Holy Thunder. They all seem to be very powerful."

"Heavenly Evil Realm, Evil Emperor went to this Heaven Realm. I wonder if he is still inside." Chen Xiang was a little shocked: "Evil Emperor is Ten Heavens Supreme Lord’s friend, I wonder if he will appear this time?" Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Huang Jintian shook his head: "That’s hard to say, but when experts from the Sky Region attack, without the power of the Nine Emperors and Five Venerables back then, they wouldn’t be able to resist."

"I wonder when they will launch the offensive." Chen Xiang asked: "It’s best if the time is correct."

"Five months. I’ve snuck into their core region and used some methods. I heard that the three Sky Realm warriors still need some time to open the spatial tunnel, so there’ll be a lot of people from the three realms by then." Huang Jintian said: "Your Evil Dragon Graveyard is in danger, they are determined to take down that dragon vein. Because after Di Tian was reborn, it has become a lot higher level.

"The Devil Continent also has a dragon vein, why didn’t they go and take it?" Chen Xiang snorted.

"You’re talking about the place that came to the mortal world, right? That place is the tomb of a god, and that god is half dead. If they go there to cause trouble, then that guy would revive and they would all die." Huang Jintian said.

"Master, you should know about the tomb. My father and the others are inside." Chen Xiang asked anxiously: "How much do you know about the God Graveyard?"

Huang Jintian said: "I do not know much, but they are all recorded in some ancient books of my Undead Race. Many of the old people in the Nine Heaven World know a little, but no one dares to touch the tomb. It is said that the people guarding the tomb are all very strong, and your father and the rest have already become tomb watchers."

"There are still five months, are you sure?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course I’m sure. Only a few people from the three Heavenly Realms can make it here. If they want to obtain the dragon fountain and capture you alive, they need to have sufficient strength. Therefore, they have to open a huge space gate." Huang Jintian said with certainty: "What, you want to cultivate in seclusion for a while?"

Chen Xiang shook his head: "I want to make a trip to the profound Cold Ancient Realm. Do you remember when we were being hunted by a group of beasts in the Absolute Monarch Sanctuary, I released those small pills, which were refined using the profoundbing s in the profound Cold Ancient Realm?"

That was the [Annihilating Ice seal Dan]. Even though two hundred years had passed, Huang Jintian still vividly remembered that kind of small pill’s power, which made Huang Jintian extremely envious. He was sure that the small ice balls Chen Xiang had refined now were definitely even more powerful.

"Heh heh, I’m going there to find a large number of profoundbing and use those to refine even more powerful destructive Ice seal Dan. When the time comes, I’ll hide outside their dimensional door. Once the door is opened, a large number of them will go over." Chen Xiang laughed sinisterly.

"Master, you don’t have much to do here. Let’s go together." He patted him on the shoulder with a malicious look on his face.

Huang Jintian curled his lips: "I remember you opening up a lot of good stuff in those profoundbing, I’ve asked around about those profoundbing and I found out that there are a lot of good things that can be broken out from within."

"If I can get them out from inside, but I can give you some, I have a lot of Holy stone with me, when the time comes I can use Holy stone to exchange for them." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Give it to me..." Huang Jintian thought for a moment, then shouted: "Fifty kilograms of Holy stone, I’ll go with you, when the time comes and there’s good stuff, I don’t want it."

In Huang Jintian’s knowledge, there should be a lot of Holy stone with a weight of five hundred thousand kilograms. He felt that even if Chen Xiang could take it out, his heart would still ache.

Who knew that Chen Xiang would throw out a Storage bag and say: "Deal, it’s settled."