Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

This was indeed the first time he had seen so many Holy stone. The little bit he had seen in the quarry back then made him and Mao’er feel that there were a lot of benefits, let alone this much.

"Brat, do you have a lot of Holy stone s?" Only now did Huang Jintian know that he had underestimated Chen Xiang. He never thought that Chen Xiang would actually be able to fish up so many Holy stone s from inside the capital.

"Not much, just a few million jin." Chen Xiang smiled faintly: "With the help of Cat, you will definitely get more good stuff."

Huang Jintian snorted: "I secretly gave some bones and scales of a Holy Beast to the little girl, Xianxian, in your name, since you have so many Holy stone, you should give me some, furthermore I’m your master, it’s perfectly justified for you to be filial to me."

"Really, how much did you send Xianxian?" was rather happy about it. Refiners were the same as the Alchemist, familiarity makes perfect, with so many good materials to refine, Xue Xianxian and the others would definitely be very happy.

"There are dozens of Saint Beasts. If you don’t believe me, go ask them." After Huang Jintian finished speaking, he reached out his hand for Chen Xiang to give him some more Holy stone.

Chen Xiang took out another five hundred thousand catties and threw it at Huang Jintian, causing him to reveal a satisfied smile.

"Aren’t you going to go back and meet Xianxian the little girl? But even if you want to meet her now, I’m afraid that it won’t be easy to do so. She must have been hidden away by the Long family, who knows if the Heaven Realm will capture her or force you to hand over the dragon fountain." Huang Jintian shook his head and sighed.

"If they dare to do this, I will do everything in my power to kill them." Chen Xiang’s expression turned cold.

Huang Jintian knew that Chen Xiang had something as powerful as Super Old poison. If Chen Xiang was a little stronger, with the help of Super Old poison, it would be extremely terrifying.

"Now, they no longer have any intentions of hitting you Green dragon demon-slain broadsword. They already know that it’s difficult to separate you from them, but that group of idiots actually didn’t know about it." Huang Jintian laughed: "When are you leaving for profound Cold Ancient Realm?" Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Chen Xiang thought for a while, "Before I go to profound Cold Ancient Realm, I need to go somewhere else, to see an old friend."

"You want to take me there." Huang Jintian asked.

"Of course, I’ll take you to broaden your horizons. There’s also a very mysterious area in Di Tian." Chen Xiang laughed.

... ....

The Super Old Sacred Land was located in a dangerous region of the Continent of the King. The danger there right now was nothing much to Chen Xiang and Huang Jintian.

"Isn’t this the Super Old Sacred Land? I’ve been here before." Huang Jintian said.

"You’re only here, but you’re not in a deep place." Chen Xiang grabbed his arm, then traveled through space to the place full of ruins.

Back then, when Chen Xiang brought Liu Meng’er and her group in to find the Primordial God Book, other than the ruins, everything inside was filled with danger.

There was also a powerful blue dragon guarding this place.

"This place... It’s a completely different world. Could it be a Heavenly Domain? " Huang Jintian was a little shocked. He sensed that the aura here did not absorb any immortal energy, it did not seem like it was in the Nine Heaven World.

"Lan Cang, Lan Cang..." Chen Xiang shouted loudly towards the surroundings. Lan Cang was a mysterious blue dragon, his strength was very strong, and at that time, Chen Xiang exchanged his Blood ginseng with.

"What are you shouting for? You, where have you been all these years? I almost forgot about you." Lan Cang appeared. He looked like a middle-aged man wearing a blue robe and had an impatient look on his face.

When Huang Jintian saw Lan Cang, he said, "What a powerful dragon."

Sensing the Dragon Slaying Qi on Huang Jintian’s body, Lan Cang frowned: "You want to kill me? How many dragons have you killed?"

Huang Jintian laughed: "I don’t really remember, the dragons I kill are very annoying, but you don’t hate them, so I’m too lazy to take action."

Lan Cang laughed out loud: "Those dragons that I hate the most, should be Imperial Dragon Race’s dragons."

Chen Xiang said: "Old Blue, Imperial Dragon Race wants to besiege me. Are you going to help me or not?"

Lan Cang immediately asked: "Are there any rewards?"

"It’s really not enough, you still need to pay for it." Chen Xiang curled his lips: "Then forget it."

"Di Tian appeared on top of everyone today. This place will soon be discovered by others. When that happens, my mission will be completed." Lan Cang yawned: "It’s been so many years since I slept all day."

Huang Jintian asked curiously: "Why are you guarding this place, what kind of place is this world?"

"I can’t say." Lan Cang shook his head: "I can only tell you, this is not Sky Region, but a place even more terrifying than Sky Region."

Chen Xiang took out a pearl that held a Thunder soul and said: "Tell me where this place is, then help me beat up some annoying fellows. This Thunder soul is yours."

The more Thunder soul that Lan Cang trained in, the better it was for him. Looking at the pearl that was holding the Thunder soul, it was like a hooligan seeing a beautiful lady without clothes.

"No, I can’t leave here. I promised that person that I won’t tell anyone about this." Lan Cang took a deep breath.

Chen Xiang kept the Thunder soul Beads. He had taken these from the Thunder Tao Double Venerables, so it didn’t matter if he gave them to Lan Cang. After all, he could get a strong helper.

"Then forget it."

Just as Chen Xiang was about to put away the Thunder soul, Lan Cang quickly stopped him and said smilingly: "Alright, even if I were to break my promise, that person still wouldn’t know. Even if that person knew that I obtained the Thunder soul, he definitely wouldn’t blame me."

Hearing him say that, Chen Xiang and Huang Jintian looked at him in disdain.

"Who is that person?" Huang Jintian asked anxiously.

"He said that he is a Divine Blacksmith and that he is a brother of our Dragon clan’s Azure Dragon. He saved me and is very powerful so I promised him that I will protect this place. If anyone comes in, I will lead them to a dangerous place and send them to their deaths." Lan Cang said.

Chen Xiang was not too surprised. The last time he came here with Liu Meng’er, he found that divine book.

"Then what about this place?" Chen Xiang asked: "What the hell is this place without immortal energy, how do you survive?"

Lan Cang sighed: "I know that this place is called the Divine Land. The Divine Artisan old man told me that there is a huge door hidden here, and I can go to a very powerful place.

"So that’s the case. It seems that many powerful fellows have been here before." Chen Xiang said.

"There are many of them, but I have been guiding them in the most dangerous direction. They should be dead by now." Lan Cang laughed. He did not feel any guilt at all.