Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

In the past ten days, they had not come across anything along the way. Now that they were suddenly attacked, Chen Xiang was more or less excited in his heart.

Chen Xiang left the cabin and went outside the boat. He saw a few people wearing fiery red robes standing around the boat, the robes that only belonged to Fire Divine Palace s wrapped around them tightly, he could not even see their heads clearly.

"Why did you attack my ship?" Chen Xiang said angrily.

When Huang Jintian walked out and saw that it was from the Dragon Subduing School, he knew that nothing good would happen.

"We are only asking you to come down, this is our territory, you trespassed into our territory, we have already shown mercy by not killing you. Leave the boat and go back by yourselves." His voice sounded a bit old, as if he was an old man.

Chen Xiang was worried about not understanding the situation around him, and that there would be people knocking on his door, it was a good thing for him.

"There are eight of us, so what if we don’t have four?" Huang Jintian sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang, "Since these fellows want to snatch your boat, there’s no need to be courteous anymore.

Chen Xiang shouted to the people of Fire Divine Palace, "You are all from Fire Divine Palace, it is really my luck to be able to meet you all here.

The first few sentences made the people from the Fire Divine Palace feel a sense of pride, but after hearing Chen Xiang’s last sentence, they immediately knew that Chen Xiang wanted to fight with them.

When Chen Xiang said those words, Huang Jintian had already disappeared, and this time it was a blizzard. It was much easier for a sneak attack like Chen Xiang and Chen Xiang to succeed, and in the blink of an eye, they disappeared into the wind.

"Be careful, these two guys are not simple."

They were all in the late stage of the Immortal King Stage, and there were eight of them who thought that they could do whatever they wanted in Di Tian. That was why when they saw that it was very comfortable, they wanted to take it for themselves.

"You clearly know that we’re from the Fire Divine Palace, but you still want to attack us?" When the old man saw Chen Xiang and Huang Jintian suddenly disappear, he became indescribably terrified in his heart, because this was simply too bizarre.

Chen Xiang summoned his Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and slashed his blade towards the old man with lightning speed. The cyan light flashed and the dragon roared as the divine blade was chopped out by Chen Xiang using his divine power, releasing a burst of pure Sword Qi, causing the snow around to shatter into pieces.

Hearing the dragon’s roar, seeing the piercing green light, all the Immortal Kings of Fire Divine Palace felt Green dragon demon-slain broadsword s in their hearts. It was the first time they had seen this blade, but they immediately recognized it.

The person in the boat was actually Chen Xiang.

"Ahh ..." A miserable scream sounded out as the snow and ice that were flying in the air were suddenly dyed red by a stream of fresh blood that shot out like a tornado.

Chen Xiang slashed out with his blade, not bothering to look at the man, he rushed towards the other man, locking on to him, he brandished his divine blade and activated his divine force, mercilessly slashing the knife out, slicing the man’s body in half.

The Chen Xiang of the Immortal-becoming realm, even without using Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and god power, just the terrifying strength of his body was enough to tear these Immortal Kings of the Fire Divine Palace apart.

Huang Jintian had stayed in the Sacred Region for more than two hundred years, and with the cooperation of the cats, he had obtained a large amount of beast cores. By absorbing the holy energy from the beast cores, his strength had also increased by leaps and bounds, and his skinny old hands that were like devil claws grabbed onto those Immortal Kings, were torn to pieces by a very strange and brutal method.

Eight late stage Immortal Kings, in the Nine Heaven World, excluding the Immortal-becoming realm, it was an extremely terrifying force. However, facing this master and disciple that had stepped into the Immortal-becoming realm, they had no power to retaliate at all.

In the blink of an eye, only one was left. This was a person that Chen Xiang had deliberately left behind, he wanted to know what the Fire Divine Palace had sent these people here for.

After using the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell, Chen Xiang had already received his answer.

"These guys are also here to search for Ten Heavens Supreme Lord’s tomb. Looks like that Fire Emperor knows a lot of things, but he’s not too sure, so he sent these guys to investigate." Chen Xiang said.

"Did they find anything?" Huang Jintian looked at the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword in Chen Xiang’s hands.

"No, they’ve been here for a few months, but they haven’t found anything." When Chen Xiang saw Huang Jintian staring at his Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, he could not help but lower his head and look.

"You saw it too, I thought I was mistaken. His body moved a little just now." Huang Jintian suddenly became excited: "Ten Heavens Supreme Lord was once the owner of the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, maybe I can use this blade to find the Emperor’s Tomb."

The Green dragon demon-slain broadsword was originally a Divine Blade so when Chen Xiang used it before, he could feel that there were other memories on the blade. He guessed that it was when the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord used it, it was recorded down by the spirit of the blade.

He held the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword horizontally, pointed the blade tip straight ahead, and then walked in circles on the spot, at the same time making Huang Jintian pay attention to the movement above the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword.

Chen Xiang stood at his original position and slowly rotated. He wanted to see if this blade could really sense where Ten Heavens Supreme Lord’s tomb was located at.

When he turned around, Huang Jintian suddenly shouted: "There’s a reaction, it’s coming from this direction."

Just now, Chen Xiang also saw the dragon atop the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword tremble slightly.

Although they were not sure if this blade could bring them to the ground, but at this moment, Chen Xiang and Huang Jintian were extremely excited.

He entered the cabin of the small boat. Chen Xiang tried it out inside, and the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword was the same as before. When Chen Xiang used the tip of the blade to point in that direction, the green dragon on the blade would slightly tremble.

"Hurry up and go check it out. Even if there isn’t a Emperor’s Tomb, there are still some other things." Huang Jintian was extremely excited, he wished he could fly over and take a look.

Chen Xiang urged the small boat to move forward quickly, he could not wait either, adding that the Evil Dragon Graveyard was being watched, he could return immediately after taking care of this place.

Not knowing why, Chen Xiang directed the boat towards the direction indicated by the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, but after a few days, the snowstorm suddenly weakened a lot. After another two days, the snowstorm stopped, and Chen Xiang and Chen Xiang stood on top the boat, looking ahead.

"Don’t tell me if we approach this place, the blizzard will disappear." Chen Xiang looked behind him. The strong wind was still howling in other places, and the ice and snow were raging everywhere.

Huang Jintian frowned as he looked at the ice mountains. He suddenly shouted, "If you do not wish for this ship to be destroyed, hurry up and keep it.

Back in the Saint realm, he had often gone to search for Saint Beasts. Now that he was here, he could see that there was probably a beast up ahead.

At this time, Chen Xiang and Huang Jintian talked about walking on a flat snowy ground with only a layer of white snow on top.

"Did you find anything?" Huang Jintian stopped and asked Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang felt the ground beneath his feet tremble, and nodded: "What is this, it feels very strong."

Huang Jintian shook his head. "Be careful, we should be very close to the Emperor’s Tomb. It’s normal for us to be in danger."

The ground gently trembled and then disappeared. Only then did Chen Xiang and Huang Jintian dare to take a few steps back, but before they could do so, the ground suddenly shook again.

"Not good, he’s right below us." Huang Jintian’s face turned ugly, and anxiously shouted: "Quickly, jump up."

Hearing Huang Jintian’s words, without saying a word, Chen Xiang immediately jumped up, and at the same time looked down at the ground.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMM!

A large piece of ice ground below suddenly cracked and split open, revealing a snow-white toad that was as large as a mountain. It opened its huge mouth and the white tongue that came out of its mouth shot towards Chen Xiang like a beam of light.

Chen Xiang had no choice but to use the spatial travel to dodge it, otherwise, he would be sucked into the giant frog’s stomach.

"What the hell is this?" Chen Xiang still had some lingering fear in his heart. He was just a bit away from falling into the giant mouth of the toad.

"This is trouble, this is the legendary Holy ice frog, hurry up and run. Even if this thing isn’t a Holy Beast, it’s more or less the same as a Holy Beast." Huang Jintian’s scalp went numb, he anxiously shouted at Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang said in shock: "A Holy ice frog that can be released at any time."

The profoundhan poison was one of the Super Old poison. Chen Xiang had heard Bai Youyou say that the Holy ice frog had this poison as well.

Towards this kind of poison, Chen Xiang did not need to be afraid, because he had the Devil-suppressing Golden Body, but Huang Jintian did not know, if he was sprayed with this Holy ice frog, he might die.

Huang Jintian had already run away. Just now, the Holy ice frog had attacked Chen Xiang, opened its mouth and revealed a very long tongue, releasing the profoundhan poison. However, Chen Xiang possessed the Devil-suppressing Golden Body, so he did not discover the profoundhan poison.

The Holy ice frog’s tongue did not hit Chen Xiang, it was a little angry, and quickly spat out its tongue. This time, it was much faster than last time, and actually hit Chen Xiang.

When Huang Jintian saw this from afar, he shouted out, "Brat ..."

Chen Xiang’s body was wrapped up by the huge tongue and dragged into the Holy ice frog’s huge mouth. Huang Jintian was a little worried, but he knew that Chen Xiang’s life was very tough, so he should be fine. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"That tongue of yours is a profoundhan poison, but it’s useless against me. You, the fault lies in dragging me into your mouth. You’re done for." Chen Xiang’s body shook for a while, then released a burst of God Power that shone with a white light, allowing him to struggle free from the trap of his tongue.

In the blink of an eye, over a hundred blades all infused with Chen Xiang’s powerful divine power, the blade and blade transformed into astral blades that flew out. Adding the power of the divine blade, every slash that Chen Xiang made was extremely powerful, slashing down on the Holy ice frog from the inside seemed very easy.

Chen Xiang only needed to slash a few hundred times to feel the Holy ice frog frantically rolling. It was obvious that it was because of the pain.

"profoundhan poison, this is a Super Old poison, last time when I saw that Evil Snake King use it, I had already thought of it." Chen Xiang laughed in his heart: "You big toad, you can help me now."

Chen Xiang planned to find the poison sac in the Holy ice frog’s body. There, he would definitely find a large amount of profoundhan poison.