Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 158 Empress Tenderness

After a short moment, a gentle, soft and pretty voice interrupted them, "Cough, cough. Close enough!"

Xue Xianxian’s pretty face became bright red. As her head was buried in Chen Xiang’s chest, she completely forgot her teacher was still here.

Chen Xiang just mischievously smiled, caressed Xue Xianxian’s cheeks, and then faced the beauty that walked out from the gauze, saying, “Hello Senior!"

Liu Menger was also very beautiful, wearing a magnificent Dachi(大气) dress, with an empress’s aura. That stunning decorum, that elegant and noble bearing, made other feel ashamed of themselves, and did not dare to intently stare at her!

[TLN: Dachi dress is close to a knee-length Cheongsam.]

Liu Menger lightly smiled, yet that slight smile was extremely captivating, "Only you, little brat, would dare to embrace my apprentice and simultaneously salute me. It’s no wonder you have created so many disturbance at such a young age!"

Chen Xiang could not help but blush and release Xue Xianxian, foolishly laughed and said, "Senior, thanks a lot for taking care of Xue Xianxian for these past few years. This little girl didn’t give you too much trouble did she? Don’t just judge solely on her appearance, in fact, she is very naughty!"

Xue Xianxian stuck her tongue out, and gave a blank stare towards Chen Xiang.

Liu Menger chuckled and said, "Contrary to what you think, she did not give me any trouble. However, if you were my apprentice, you would truly give me a headache. There is a reason why you currently don’t have a teacher!"

"Since I helped you take care of your little wife, how are you going to repay me?" Liu Menger teased while she had a gentle and enchanting smile on her face.

This made Xue Xianxian sigh in relief in her heart, because she knew this Empress teacher of her’s would always have a straight face when facing others. When she was talking or listening to others, she would always have an air full of majesty, it would be very difficult to see Liu Menger talking with others with such a jovial atmosphere.

Chen Xiang had a teacher, however, it’s just that this teacher of his would stir up even more trouble compared to him! To escape the backlash, his teacher actually didn’t hesitate to stay in that sinkhole for more than a thousand years!

"I’m now a Level-4 Alchemist, however I can also refine the Building Foundation Dan! Senior, if there is anything you need, no matter what, please tell me!" Chen Xiang proudly smiled.

"Oh?" Liu Menger’s beautiful face of her could not help but reveal a surprised look, "Is it true? Can you refine the Building Foundation Dan?"

Xue Xianxian held some doubt, but when she saw that confident look on Chen Xiang’s face, all her doubts disappeared and she immediately believed him. She held a lot of trust in her beloved.

"Brother Xiang, you’re impressive, you truly did not let me down!" Xue Xianxian’s face was filled with pride. She lightly squeezed Chen Xiang’s arm and lightly laughed.

Chen Xiang was a Level-4 Alchemist, this was the first time Liu Menger ever heard of this! Because Chen Xiang was her apprentice’s spouse, and Xue Xianxian had won her deep affection, furthermore, she was also her sole apprentice. This was why Liu Menger was very concerned about Chen Xiang’s future.

Chen Xiang didn’t disappoint Liu Menger, But, contrary to her expectations, Chen Xiang had also provoked many troubles which lead her to worry a little. However, she could see it clearly that Chen Xiang was well protected by the Elder Courtyard of the Extreme Martial Sect.

"Brother Xiang, thank you making Elder Dan send me the Building Foundation Dan." Xue Xianxian whispered. Currently she had so much to say to Chen Xiang, however, her teacher was also here, making her feel somewhat embarrassed.

Chen Xiang squeezed her nose, and mischievously laughed, "I also have a few more here, take them!" While speaking, Chen Xiang took out four Building Foundation Dans, and handed them over to Xue Xianxian.

Chen Xiang said he would give, he gave without any hesitation. Furthermore, it was four Building Foundation Dans! Both Liu Menger and Xue Xianxian could not help but be surprised!

Looking at those four Building Foundation Dans, Xue Xianxian felt warmth in her heart. She slightly smiled and said, "Brother Xiang, you keep them for yourself! I do not need it now. Oh right! I heard you also have a sworn sister, if you don’t need them, you should give them to her!"

Chen Xiang already wanted to find Leng Youlan, it’s just that Icewind Valley was very far away. Moreover, he didn’t have any way to contact Leng Youlan. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"I’ll go to Icewind Valley sometime soon, if you really want to give these Building Foundation Dans to that white-haired beauty, then you might as well give them to me. It’s not that easy to reach the Icewind Valley. If there is no one to lead the way, it is a very difficult journey." Liu Menger said.

Chen Xiang nodded his head and placed those four Building Foundation Dans inside a box, and handed that to Liu Menger.

"Then I’ll trouble senior!" Chen Xiang somewhat embarrassingly said.

Liu Menger slightly smiled, "Don’t mention it. If I come to find you to refine Building Foundation Dans in the future, you absolutely cannot refuse me."

"How is this possible? Sister Menger is so good to Xianxian, and also looks so beautiful! It would be very difficult to refuse you!" Chen Xiang shamelessly said with a smile.

Xue Xianxian tenderly spat in anger, and Liu Menger smile became even more beautiful and touching, "Brat, you really have a sweet tongue! no wonder Xianxian, this little girl, fell in love with you."

"Sister Menger, didn’t you also come here for the Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor?" Chen Xiang asked.

Chen Xiang no longer called her senior, instead called her Sister Menger, and Liu Menger didn’t refuse. This was because it was the first time she heard someone call her as such, and she found a strange joy in the title.

"En, did you also come for this? Shouldn’t you have followed Gu Dongchen? It would have been somewhat safer, especially when the entrances is going to open." While talking about this matter, Liu Menger’s complexion became serious.

Chen Xiang let out a light sigh, said, "The Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor, this thing had made Dean and others very upset. It’s as if they are facing a major disaster, I just came ahead of time to take a look."

Xue Xianxian held Chen Xiang’s hands and whispered, "Brother Xiang, how about you come with us? This way, it would be somewhat safer. Besides, when Dean Gu and others arrive, they would have to face provocation of many people. They would not be able to take care of you, furthermore, you are also a thorn in the eyes of the True Martial Sect and Beast Martial Sect."

Liu Menger also nodded in agreement, "Together with us, no one is going to obstruct our path! My strength is not any worse than Gu Dongchen’s!"

"In other words Sister Menger, you also want to obtain the Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor?" Chen Xiang stared at that peerless face.

"En, that is nothing. In short, this thing should never fall into the hands of the Devil Path Sects. However, since ancient times, the True Martial Sect and the Beast Martial Sect have leaned towards evil, which is why your Extreme Martial Sect is like an embankment to them." Liu Menger nodded her head. She leisurely sat on a chair, and directed a cup of tea toward Chen Xiang.

"Don’t just stand there, come on and drink!" Liu Menger sweetly smiled.

Could have the Divine Weapon Heavenly Empire’s Empress to give him a cup of tea, Chen Xiang was slightly excited in his heart. At this time, Xue Xianxian took his hand, came to the table and sat down beside him.

"Brother Xiang, this tea was prepared by me, try it!" Xue Xianxian said with a sweet smile as she handed a cup of tea to Chen Xiang.

As he took a sip, a refreshing feeling surged throughout his heart. Chen Xiang could not help but endlessly praise this cup of tea. He smiled and said, "I didn’t expect you, this naughty little fairy, to actually have this kind skill! No wonder Sister Menger is beside you everyday.”

"I’m not just naughty!" Xue Xianxian stuck her tongue out. She mischievously smiled and said, "I learned this naughtiness by following you!"

Looking at this young couple flirting, Liu Menger also smiled. However, when she looked at Chen Xiang, a strange aura flashed through her pretty eyes.

Liu Menger departed, allowing Chen Xiang and Xue Xiang to have some time alone, Chen Xiang and Xue Xianxian had a lot to talk about. Both of them started recounting what they experienced in these years apart.

~~~ Another to come

A translated work of Xianxiaworld