Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang just thought that this place had been sealed for a long time, but there was still a living person here, so he suspected that this was the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord.

"Ten Heavens Supreme Lord is lying in the sarcophagus below. If you want to see him, you can leave right now, but he can’t speak. He’s dead." The man said as he looked at Chen Xiang.

The Ten Heavens Supreme Lord was actually placed inside that broken coffin like that, causing Chen Xiang to be stunned. He was unable to connect the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord and that broken coffin with each other, as that did not fit Ten Heavens Supreme Lord’s identity at all.

"Then you... who is it? " Chen Xiang asked again, of course he would not open the coffin to look at Ten Heavens Supreme Lord, it was extremely disrespectful.

"My name is Jiang Sheng."

"Jiang Sheng." Chen Xiang tried very hard to think of the things that Long Xueyi had told him to look for something with this name. He felt that since Jiang Sheng could live that long in this place, he must have been an extremely powerful and famous person back then.

His memory was extremely good, and he was sure that Long Xueyi had never told him this person’s name before.

"Senior Jiang... I was guided here by this Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, and now I can’t go out, and I have urgent matters to attend to outside. " Chen Xiang took out the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword: "I wonder what methods do you have to force me out?"

Jiang Sheng extended his hand, indicating that Chen Xiang should pass the divine blade to him.

Chen Xiang didn’t know why, but he felt no hostility or vigilance towards this Jiang Sheng. He passed the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword over, and when he did, he actually felt that it was trembling slightly, as if it was very excited.

"I never thought that this blade could be passed down until now. I can have a decent master, so I won’t be lonely with him. You already have two companions." Jiang Sheng caressed the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, looking as gentle as if he was caressing his own children.

Chen Xiang suddenly felt that Jiang Sheng was most likely a Divine Craftsman. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Senior ... "Are you a Divine Craftsman?" Chen Xiang asked somewhat excitedly.

"Well, you’ve heard of me." Jiang Sheng returned the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword to Chen Xiang: "My matter should not be spread further. Could it be that that piece of history has not been destroyed yet?"

"No... During this period of time, the news of the Nine Emperors and Five Venerables has spread like wildfire. " Chen Xiang took a deep breath, his heart was thumping hard. He had a lot of Divine Weapons in his hands, forged by the Divine Craftsmen.

Divine Blacksmith was the supreme soldier, one of the Five Great Monarchs. His status was extremely high and many Emperors did not wish to make him their enemy.

"Senior, why don’t you want your hammer and divine cauldron?" Chen Xiang immediately took out the divine cauldron and divine hammer. "Now that these items have returned to their rightful owners, these things are basically a waste in my hands. I’ll just use them to fight."

Jiang Sheng laughed: "One of the reasons that I created these two things was for fighting."

He fiddled with the divine hammer and the small cauldron, exclaiming, "I never thought that you would actually be able to find the lid. Back then, the lid was taken away by that old man Tang Ying, then he went to the Sacred Beasts Ancient Realm and entered the seal.

"Tang Ying is Dan Emperor’s name." Very few people knew the name of the Nine Emperors and Five Venerables, perhaps only they knew of it.

"That’s right, you also went to the Sacred Beasts Ancient Realm." Jiang Sheng frowned as he looked at Chen Xiang, "How did you come out?"

Chen Xiang sat down and sighed: "It’s a long story..."

He told Jiang Sheng about the Sacred Beasts Ancient Realm.

"I never thought it would be like this, in order to come out, that old man did not hesitate to give up his own body, I wonder how he is doing now, is he still in Nine Heaven World?" Jiang Sheng sighed: "He should be learning the Beast Slain Method."

"You should keep these things. Back then, the reason I threw them away was to give them to a fated person. Now that they are all gathered by you, it seems like you and these items are fated to be together." Jiang Sheng pushed the divine cauldron and hammer towards Chen Xiang.

"Thank you for your gift, senior." Chen Xiang kept it well. He had already seen that Jiang Sheng was the kind of person who had nothing to worry about. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have stayed here for so long.

"You still lack the Suzaku Divine Weapon and the Qilin Divine Weapon, it’s a pity that my book is missing, otherwise I would have been able to find the forging blueprints on it. But I can still remember it, I’ll find a time to get a copy for you." Jiang Sheng looked at the Slaughter God’s Hand that Chen Xiang took out, his face full of memories.

"This... I have the Vermillion Bird’s corpse, and the book you mentioned should be in the Divine Realm right? I’ve already obtained it, but I don’t have the strength to forge a Divine Weapon right now. " Chen Xiang said: "The Suzaku silk has already merged with one of my wives."

Just as he had thought, outside of the Four Symbols Divine Weapons, there were also the Qilin Divine Weapons.

"The Land of Divine Communication ..." Jiang Sheng muttered, he then sighed, his face had a look of regret.

Chen Xiang did not know what he was regretting about either.

"Senior, why did the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword lead me here?" Chen Xiang was more curious about this.

Jiang Sheng shook his head: "This is Qi Shi’s decision, I don’t know why, go and open his coffin, maybe I can tell you his corpse."

Chen Xiang suddenly felt goosebumps. Ten Heavens Supreme Lord’s dead body would tell him:

"Let’s go together." Jiang Sheng slowly stood up, his body crackling. He was stretching his muscles and bones, and it could be seen that he hadn’t moved them for a long time.

"You must be under a lot of pressure outside since you’ve gotten so many good stuff." Jiang Sheng chuckled, and patted Chen Xiang’s shoulders: "Back then I thought that these so called treasures, were actually just some trouble, so in the end I threw them all away and gave these headaches to someone else."

"It’s not bad... Your descendants chase after me and chop me all day, and I am enemies with them now. " Chen Xiang said.

"I have no descendants." Jiang Sheng frowned her long white brows. "Someone is actually pretending to be my descendant, how preposterous is that."

"Said it was passed down by his disciple all those years ago." Chen Xiang said in shock: "No wonder the Spirit grain they used didn’t have a trace of your style."

"I have a disciple, but I didn’t let that guy inherit it in my name. And that guy didn’t even learn anything from me back then. He actually had the nerve to help me inherit it." Jiang Sheng suddenly became angry.

"But right now, they are not really any trouble. My biggest trouble are the Heavenly Regions, Heavenly Dragon Race ... And there’s also Fire Emperor, they’re preparing to attack my dragon fountain. " Chen Xiang sighed: "I have to get out quickly, or else many of my people will die."

They had already arrived at the side of the broken coffin on the first floor. Jiang Sheng smiled and said, "You are much stronger than this dead person. Back then, he had to suffer for many years in order to attract the Sky Region’s attention.

"They’re almost going to destroy me." Chen Xiang said snappily.