Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

A thought flashed through Chen Xiang’s mind, he was worried that there was someone from the Nine Heaven World who did not come to stop the battle, so wasn’t there one more person that was easy to talk to? After staying here for so long, the Divine Craftsman must be stronger, it shouldn’t be too difficult to deal with the other experts from the Heaven Realm.

"Senior, the Nine Heaven World is in such a mess right now, and they are also facing danger. Don’t you intend to go out and join in the fun?" Chen Xiang asked.

Jiang Sheng was patting the broken coffin, and from the looks of it, he seemed to be undoing the restrictions on it.

"I don’t want to die yet, so I’m in the safest place. This is a small realm of telekinesis that I’ve used a long time to open, even if the Nine Heaven World were to be destroyed, this place would still be safe for a long time." Jiang Sheng said.

Chen Xiang never thought that a Ranker with such strength like Jiang Sheng would actually be so afraid of the Rankers who had descended upon the Nine Heaven World. However, he knew that the Rankers in the Nine Emperors and Five Venerables all escaped the Nine Heaven World to protect their lives after Di Tian was destroyed.

"Senior, you are worried about Hell Devil Emperor." Chen Xiang asked.

"I’m worried about what he’s doing. He doesn’t even need to do anything to kill me." Jiang Sheng laughed at himself: "Although I am called a Divine Craftsman, my abilities are extremely limited.

Chen Xiang was startled, he could see that the Divine Craftsman was worried about many things.

"This is also why I don’t want to go out. Once I go out, I’ll be killed. When the time comes, I won’t be able to do anything."

Jiang Sheng shook his head and sighed. Under his slaps, the broken sarcophagus had flashed with many shining Spirit grain s, and Chen Xiang was glad that they did not open it when he came in. Otherwise, it would be very troublesome.

"Are they really that scary?" Chen Xiang was in disbelief: "I’ve seen Divine Feather School, it’s a woman, she’s called Feng Yujie, do you know her?"

"I do. Her strength is not bad. If I were to fight with her, it wouldn’t be any good." Jiang Sheng suddenly frowned: "I never thought that you would have met her before. She’s still alright now, she’s one of the few people in the past who didn’t sell their souls."

"She’s alright, but she goes into seclusion all day ..." He looks just like you. Fade out of the mortal world and don’t care about worldly affairs. " When Chen Xiang thought back to Feng Yujie, he realized that he looked really similar to Jiang Sheng. Other than that, there was also the White Tiger.

The first time he met the White Tiger, the White Tiger gave off this feeling. This kind of expert that stood at the peak of the ninth level all those years ago actually didn’t have that kind of fighting spirit anymore. Only the White Tiger was a bit better.

"I’ve even seen a White Tiger before, and he’s the same as you. Why have you guys been unable to recover since the time of the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord?" Chen Xiang found it hard to understand.

Jiang Sheng sighed: "Because I’m powerless to turn the situation around ... Do you know why it is so hard to kill Fire Emperor and Ice Emperor? Even Qi Shi couldn’t kill them. "

"This... "Why?" Chen Xiang only thought that Fire Emperor and Ice Emperor were very stubborn, but they were still beaten half to death by Ten Heavens Supreme Lord. In the end, Ice Emperor still died in his hands.

"Because they are immortal." Jiang Sheng said in a heavy voice, "Those experts from the Realm of Flame Heaven have already sold their souls to Hell Devil Emperor. Hell Devil Emperor promised them that after they die, they would not extract their souls from their bodies, and as long as their souls remain in their bodies, they will be able to revive as long as their souls remain strong for a long time."

"They are all immortal, and only by destroying their souls can they be considered to be completely dead. However, the Hell Devil Emperor has strengthened their souls, so it’s extremely difficult to destroy them."

Jiang Sheng shook his head and sighed, "No matter how we kill them, we can’t kill them all, so we can only let it go and hide. Unless we can find a good way to deal with them, because with the Hell Devil Emperor supporting them, in all aspects, they will definitely improve.

Chen Xiang rubbed his chin, thinking back to how he killed Ice Emperor, and said: "Could it be that I didn’t kill off Ice Emperor then, I remember he didn’t even have a corpse, as for his soul ... "That’s hard to say. If this guy is still alive, then wouldn’t I be in trouble?" Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

When he killed the Ice Emperor, his methods were quite vicious. He used the Magical corruption gas s and the God-eclipse powder s, these two things even scared the gods.

"What? You killed the Ice Emperor? That’s unlikely." Jiang Sheng was in disbelief. He opened the coffin’s lid and a wave of cold air leaked out, causing Chen Xiang to shiver.

"This is Qi Shi’s corpse. I have refined some special ice, along with some restrictions, it can prevent him from becoming a big lion after he dies." Jiang Sheng pointed inside and said.

Chen Xiang could only see a piece of white ice that was emitting a lot of smoke. He could not see what the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord looked like at all.

"I really got rid of the Ice Emperor back then." Chen Xiang said in a serious tone, and then lowered his voice. "I used a God-eclipse powder."

Upon hearing the God-eclipse powder, Jiang Sheng suddenly opened her eyes wide and raised her long white eyebrows: "If it’s the God-eclipse powder, it’s possible to get rid of his body, and maybe even melt his soul. But his soul doesn’t perish, and he can only travel the world, so it will take him a very long time to recreate his body."

"I’m afraid that the Hell Devil Emperor will help him rebuild his body."

Chen Xiang was confused: "Why would the Hell Devil Emperor cooperate with them? Why do they need their souls?

"Hell Devil Emperor is equivalent to a god. He controls the evil spirits that have died in the Nine Heaven World and the various Endless Heaven Realm s. As long as there are people who have died in his hands, they will be treated as evil spirits and then enter hell."

These evil spirits will become the cultivation products of the Hell Devil Emperor, especially those who are very strong. For example, the Nine Emperors and Five Venerables, these kind of people are all the highest grade nutrients for the Hell Devil Emperor, but he would rather these people protect the world that he controls, so that some future evil spirits that might not be able to escape from his control.

This Chen Xiang had heard from the White Tiger that the soul of the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord was not bad.

"Therefore, every once in a while, the Hell Devil Emperor would let his subordinates plan for a great battle, and at the same time, he had even signed a soul contract with those strong warriors, so that those fellows who worked for the Hell Devil Emperor would be unable to escape the control of the Hell Devil Emperor. As long as they don’t go against the Hell Devil Emperor, they will never die."

Chen Xiang took a deep breath, "The great battle that happened on Di Tian back then, as well as the Great War between Three Realms afterwards, were all planned by someone. No wonder."

Jiang Sheng nodded his head and said, "It was all planned by that group of fellows from the Heavenly Realm. It was precisely because Qi Shi was aware of this at the time, that caused him to rule the entire Nine Heaven World, and let everyone work together to bring about peace and stability for a long time. This caused the Hell Devil Emperor to not receive a large number of evil spirits for a long time, which was why something happened to Qi Shi.

"Sigh... It’s no wonder that I wasn’t targeted by the Hell Devil Emperor, because I wasn’t a threat to him at all. Instead, I provided him with a large number of evil spirits for him to cultivate. " Chen Xiang curled his lips: "Looks like this Hell Devil Emperor is the true Great Emperor of this Nine Heaven World."

In this world, there are still many people who do not need to go to hell after death. However, the Hell Devil Emperor is only using the loopholes of the rules, so there are still a lot of power that can restrain him.

This was the first time Chen Xiang heard this saying. He thought that the Hell Devil Emperor was an invincible existence.

Seeing Chen Xiang’s face filled with curiosity, Jiang Sheng continued, "Since you know about the God Realm, then you should believe that there is still another Gods Realm, also known as the Primal Chaos Realm. It was established during the Primal Chaos Era.

"Senior, because you can’t go to that Gods Realm, you gave up on yourself." Chen Xiang laughed, he had already guessed this a long time ago. He was at the highest level world today, the place where the heavens and earth were set and activated.

"Even if I can go there, I think I would be a miscellaneous person. But I heard that after a few people die, their souls would directly ascend to become gods at that place, and there are also creatures that can pass the God’s trial with their own strength, entering the Gods Realm."

"Although I am called a Divine Craftsman and was able to refine Divine Weapons, I still haven’t passed the assessment. The main reason is that my strength is too weak." Jiang Sheng sighed: "If I was as powerful as Qi Shi, I might be able to pass the God’s assessment."

Chen Xiang rubbed the ice that had sealed Ten Heavens Supreme Lord s, and asked: "The Green dragon demon-slain broadsword must have guided me here, so it can’t be that they want me to bring you out right? Now that I have seen the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord, there isn’t any reaction at all."

"Take out the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and take a look." Jiang Sheng said.

Chen Xiang took out the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword. The divine blade did not have any reaction, and then he placed the divine blade on that snow-white block of ice.

Not long after the Divine Blade was placed on the blade, a burst of cyan light appeared.

"It’s a remnant soul of Qi Shi, and he actually sealed a remnant soul inside the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword. In this way, as long as this remnant soul enters his body, he might be able to come back to life." Jiang Sheng suddenly became excited: "No wonder he was so desperate to isolate himself with the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword. So that’s the reason, otherwise the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword would have had to follow him into hell."

Looking at the ice that flickered with green light, Chen Xiang became excited as well, "Senior, why didn’t he give you the divine blade back then?

Even though this blade was created by me, he didn’t approve of me. Furthermore, he knew how to fly in the sky and escape into the ground, so in the end, it took a lot of effort for Long Han and that big size guy to seal it up. The remnant spirit might need to find a new master to gradually awaken, but Qi Shi didn’t tell us that.

Chen Xiang had already guessed that the people involved in this matter were Divine Craftsmen.

Jiang Sheng began to melt the ice, allowing the remnant soul to enter Ten Heavens Supreme Lord’s body. The Green dragon demon-slain broadsword had already returned to Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea.

Now, Chen Xiang understood why when he was using the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword before, he felt that this divine blade had a very strong consciousness, and was releasing the power of the divine blade.