Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"When I was suppressed in hell, there were a lot of people who were suppressed along with me. I understood that Hell Devil Emperor was a guy who had a lot of killing intent, and in the end, Gods Realm took him in to help him manage hell."

Qi Shi laughed mischievously: "If you wanted to learn more about the Heaven Earth Killing Method, that’s why you have to use the Killing Great Technique. You might end up fighting the Hell Devil Emperor for a spot in the future, but you don’t want to stay in that damned hell, right?"

However, in the future, according to what you have done, you will cultivate a strong power of consciousness inside your Divine Deity. The stronger the power of consciousness, in the future, you will be able to unleash your own unique strength as you wish. For example, if you refine pills, your main cultivation direction will definitely be in the areas of fire and mental control.

Chen Xiang nodded, then asked, "Back then, what sort of consciousness did the Heavenly Dragon Supreme Lord have?"

Qi Shi curled his lips. "That craving dragon thinks of eating all day, and I had that thought all day long during that time. Moreover, there’s still a little something in the female dragon’s heart ... "Evil."

The corner of Chen Xiang’s mouth twitched: "She doesn’t have Divine Deity now, but she’s still that gluttonous and lecherous."

"She was like this in the first place, so she had this very strong consciousness in her Divine Deity. Back then, the same thing happened in the Killing heart, so after I merged with my master, I often lost control and started killing." Qi Shi sighed: "It’s also because of this, that my master was turned into a god of slaughter, and I subconsciously wanted to go around killing everything, so my being the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord in the end probably has something to do with this."

Chen Xiang had gathered all the Heaven Earth Killing Method, and if he were to consider long-term, he might have to give up on a portion of them, and instead choose to cultivate Alive Slain Method and God slain method to strengthen his own spirit, and Alive Slain Method could be used for medicinal ingredients. As for the ones that he could use in battle, he had already grasped a lot, and that was enough.

"I’m going back, those guys are preparing to attack me, maybe the Heavenly Dragon Race will come too." Chen Xiang said.

"Do you want us to go? If the Dragon Emperor appears, I think we can still stop him." Qi Shi said.

Chen Xiang laughed: "Your master promised me that when the time comes, he will come over to help. His White Tiger Fighting Race is very powerful, but you all can go watch the show.

"I don’t have the face to see him right now." Qi Shi sighed: "When he sees me, he will definitely despise me greatly and throw his soul into hell."

Chen Xiang was worried about Long Xueyi. If Long Xueyi were to meet him, arguing over Divine Deity would definitely cause a huge ruckus.

"Then are you going or not?" Chen Xiang patted his butt, and prepared to leave.

Jiang Sheng said: "I think it’s better that we don’t go. Great Lion King, please come with me to refine Divine Weapons. This guy needs a Suzaku Divine Weapon, I need some helpers."

Chen Xiang understood what Jiang Sheng meant, and immediately took out the Vermillion Bird’s skeleton and placed the bones inside the divine furnace, before handing over the divine hammer to Jiang Sheng.

After Jiang Sheng received it, he laughed bitterly: "I’ve just met the heavens, and I’ve returned to my usual blacksmithing business."

Chen Xiang thought for a moment, then asked: "Senior Jiang, my wife is also an artificer, I wonder if I can make them your assistants, could you teach them some skills while I’m at it."

"They... It seems that you have quite a few wives. " Jiang Sheng chuckled, as if he understood what he meant, "No problem."

Chen Xiang replied, "Only two ... Furthermore, there is also a female slave. Rest assured, they are all extremely talented, they have all studied the divine book that you left behind, and the Suzaku bow’s blueprints were found by them. "

"That’s for the best." Jiang Sheng laughed.

Afterwards, Chen Xiang told Jiang Sheng where he knew Liu Meng’er and Xue Xianxian might be.

"I never thought that it would be Old Bing’s descendant. The descendant he left behind can guard this place for many years, we must really thank them." Qi Shi said: "At the very least, I have to help them take back what belongs to Old Bing."

Chen Xiang asked: "What is it, his Ice dragon sword is with me."

"It’s not a Ice dragon sword, it’s a thing that an ice dragon is born with. Back then, it was sucked out by a few powerful old dragons, and the last few old dragons went missing. If his Supreme Dragon blood is still alive, then I might not have to die. When Qi Shi spoke of this matter, he was extremely indignant.

"Where is the Supreme Dragon blood?" Chen Xiang immediately thought of a place.

"Heavenly Dragon Realm, the Dragon Emperor and the four dragons back then had worked together to plot against Old Ice, pulling out Old Ice’s Supreme Dragon blood and then being split up by them ... The Supreme Dragon blood’s usage is no different from Divine Deity, so you can imagine how precious it is. " Qi Shi scoffed, "It’s a pity that we didn’t reach the Heavenly Dragon Realm back then and didn’t know they were hiding inside. Otherwise, where would they be right now?

Chen Xiang said: "When the time comes, go to Heavenly Dragon Realm and call me over. The one in charge of everything in Ice Dragon Race is my sister, and with the grace of the Ice Dragon Ancestor and me, I will also do my best."

"No problem, Old Jiang and I will go find those small ice dragons first to understand the situation." Qi Shi nodded and sighed: "In the past, I died too early and didn’t even have the chance to repay those old friends, now I have to repay them."

Jiang Sheng took out an array disc that he placed on the ground. The three of them stood up, and after activating the Transmission array, they appeared in the cold profound Cold Ancient Realm outside. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"This place is still so cold. Just because a God that cultivates the power of ice died here, it has affected us for so many years." Qi Shi exclaimed: "There used to be a group of mysterious people living here. Back then, they seemed to have all been slaughtered.

"Where is that divine tomb? There is a very powerful dragon vein underneath it ..." Chen Xiang told Qi Shi and Jiang Sheng about the matter of Devil Continent’s grave. He missed the place Chen Xiang was born from very much, but that place had long turned upside down.

"That God should be able to revive, it seems like he was the guy who hunted down those exiled gods back then. In the end, he also died from his injuries, but the Underworld wouldn’t dare to accept this kind of person’s soul, so he can still be revived. Hopefully this guy is a good person, I heard that the people who guarded the tomb for him all have a huge future." Qi Shi said.

Jiang Sheng opened Transmission array once again, and teleported them to a remote place above Continent of the King. After that, he split up and returned to his own Evil Dragon Graveyard, where Jiang Sheng and Qi Shi were.

Chen Xiang found a city. When he wanted to teleport to the city closest to Evil Dragon Graveyard, he was told that all the cities nearby had long since been moved and were very far away from the nearest city. However, he still teleported.