Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Huang Jintian was more familiar with the matters of the Hell Devil Emperor, as long as more people died in Nine Heaven World, the more joyous it would be.

"Then what do you plan to do? The Little Yun and the rest have already brought a group of people here, and the Ice Dragon Clan has agreed to participate. Hundreds of Flowers Palace of the Hundreds of Flowers Palace has also expressed her opinion that she will definitely help you pass through this crisis. " Huang Jintian said: "Hundreds of Flowers Palace who has always been relatively neutral, will oppose those super powers this time. This is not Flower Emperor’s usual style, looks like you and her have a good relationship."

"I told this woman not to interfere in this matter." Chen Xiang sighed: "You go tell Xiao Dao and the rest to withdraw all the people hiding here, then inform Flower Emperor to not act rashly, it’s best if you cancel all the plans, and leave everything to me."

"You can do it alone." Huang Jintian and Chen Xiang had only been separated for a few months. At that time, the two of them were only at the same level of strength, and now that Chen Xiang had said such words, he must have become a lot stronger. However, it had only been a few months, how strong could he be?

"We are the Dragon Subduing School, and the ones we have to deal with are those evil Heavenly Dragon Race. In the future, you have to teach them some tricks to take away even their souls when they slay a dragon. For the Hell Devil Emperor, a dragon soul is a great tonic for them." Chen Xiang laughed mischievously: "We specialize in killing dragons, so forget it, if we kill people, we wouldn’t even bother to do business."

"Alright, I’d like to see how you deal with it on your own. When the time comes, don’t let it get out of hand." Huang Jintian said. If the war resulted in a large amount of death, it would only make the Hell Devil Emperor the biggest winner in the end.

Nobody wished for the Hell Devil Emperor to become strong, because after they became strong, the Hell Devil Emperor would definitely come looking for them. If they did not give in at that time, they would only die.

"Then do you have any plans?" Huang Jintian looked at the faint golden clouds floating in the sky. "That is the sacred energy that was emitted when the gates to the Heavenly Region opened."

Chen Xiang also raised his head and looked over, saying, "I have a plan for the time being, I will settle this matter. Master, what kind of existence is that Devil-killing Summit, at a time like this, why is there no activity within this mysterious organization?"

"How do you know there’s no movement? That Night Devil Hell is making a huge ruckus right now, and if not for the fact that Devil-killing Summit is there, a large group of powerful Night Devil might have already escaped. They’re only a small number here right now." Huang Jintian said: "I feel that the Devil-killing Summit is the strongest power after the time of the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord."

"I’m not sure about the specifics, but if you have enough strength in the future, go and take a look."

Huang Jintian packed up his stall and left, to find Yun Xiaodao and the others, to get them to leave this place, and to pass on the message to Lv Qilian and the Ice Dragon Race.

The tall building at the far end of Chen Xiang city was the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace. In the distance, there was a fiery red building, which was the Fire Divine Palace.

"Lord Hallmaster of Devil-suppressing Divine Palace, you should abdicate."

Chen Xiang walked towards the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace, his movement extremely fast, and in the blink of an eye, he had passed through the entire street. Although some people noticed him, no one could clearly see his figure. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

In a few blinks of the eye, he arrived at Devil-suppressing Divine Palace’s door and strode in.

Upon entering the first floor, he released a vast amount of divine power to search for the Head Palace Master. In two more minutes, there would be a meeting to choose the commander. By this time, the strongest experts from all the major powers would be in their own homes.

Chen Xiang quickly found the hall master and with a flash, he disappeared from the great hall, causing panic to many disciples of the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace s. They could already see that the person before them was extraordinary.

The Lord Hallmaster of the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace was an expert of the Immortal-becoming realm, probably around the Seventh Cycle of the Sacred Transformation. At this moment, he was sitting cross-legged on his bed, closed his eyes and resting.

When Chen Xiang arrived in front of the hall master, he was not discovered.

This lord hallmaster was an old man wearing a pale golden robe. His hair and beard were a little yellow, and the wrinkles on his face were very obvious.

Chen Xiang took out a small Holy Devil-suppressing seal and imprinted it on the forehead of the hall master.

When he felt something touch his forehead, the Head Palace Master suddenly woke up. Just as he was about to resist, he discovered that underneath his sitting position was a very powerful Demon Sealing Array, causing him to be unable to move.

"The Holy Devil-suppressing seal is on your forehead right now ... Holy Devil-suppressing seal has a usage, which is to test whether the disciples of the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace are sincere to Devil-suppressing Divine Palace or not. " Chen Xiang said gloomily: "You should have heard of this usage."

"You are a disciple of the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace. As long as you have the thought of betraying the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace, this seal will make you wish you were dead."

Chen Xiang laughed mischievously, and then, he moved the Holy Devil-suppressing seal away. On the forehead of the hall master, there was a small golden "Zhen" word, which gradually disappeared into the hall master’s forehead.

"You ..." This Main Hall Master had the intention to kill Chen Xiang, but his whole body inexplicably hurt, telling him to put that thought away immediately. Otherwise, if he continued, he would die from the pain.

Since Chen Xiang possessed a Holy Devil-suppressing seal, he should be the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace’s Head Palace Master. If he wanted to kill the Head Palace Master, it would be betraying the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace.

At this time, the Head Palace Master thought of another matter. This Judgement Seal wasn’t something that anyone could use. Only those who surpassed the Nine Revolutions Sage realm could use it.

Although Chen Xiang used his other face, the Head Palace Master was clear that the person in front of him was Chen Xiang, and only Chen Xiang owned a Holy Devil-suppressing seal.

"The Head Palace Master is still yours for the time being, but you must obey my arrangements. Otherwise, you won’t be able to blame me if you court death." Chen Xiang withdrew his Holy Devil-suppressing seal, stared at him, and said coldly.

"Everything is fine." The Head Palace Master sighed, with such terrifying strength, even if Chen Xiang didn’t use the "Judgement Seal" to deal with him, he still had to submit to Chen Xiang.

The lord hallmaster’s name was Xu Teng, and facing Chen Xiang now, he respected him as if he were facing a Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable. His adaptability was strong, and he immediately started chatting and laughing with Chen Xiang.

You should know that Flower Emperor is Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable’s daughter, she has more Devil-suppressing method s than you, so after this matter is over, you have to go and find her and have a talk. If she is willing to take over Devil-suppressing Divine Palace, you have to hand it over to her, but she most likely isn’t, she still has a Hundreds of Flowers Palace, but, you have to follow her orders to manage Devil-suppressing Divine Palace in the future. Chen Xiang said.

"Of course." Xu Teng nodded his head, "We will be attacking the Evil Dragon Graveyard soon ... "When the time comes, what should I do? If I suddenly leave, those Heavenly Realms will never let me go."