Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Yaowei looked at Chen Xiang with a face full of suspicion. Of course he was clear about the hatred between and the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace, but right now, Chen Xiang was inside the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace, as if he was the boss here.

Chen Xiang was really the boss of the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace now. Seeing this, Bai Yaowei did not believe it, but Chen Xiang smiled and took out the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword.

The Green dragon demon-slain broadsword was the best proof of Chen Xiang’s identity, and Bai Yaowei had already believed it. He only felt that it was strange: "Why are you here, if I were you, I should be prepared to evacuate the Evil Dragon Graveyard right now."

Bai Yaowei’s current strength had also shocked him. In his opinion, no matter how heaven-defying Chen Xiang was, he would not be able to become so strong in an instant.

"I’ve already made arrangements." Chen Xiang looked towards the region in the distance, where the convention was going to be held.

"Right, how do you know about my two daughters? Do you know where they are?" Upon hearing this, Bai Yaowei was extremely anxious, her eyes filled with intense yearning and worry.

"I know them. Previously, she was injured by her enemies, and her dantian was heavily injured. Now that she is in the Heaven Realm and recuperates from her injuries, she should be able to recover very quickly. As for Sister Ziqian ... She is with the Grandma Lv. " Chen Xiang said in a low voice, "You don’t have to worry about them. They should be back in a while."

When Bai Yaowei heard that his two daughters were safe and sound, he immediately felt at ease.

"Uncle, where did you go before?" Uncle, where did you go before? Chen Xiang asked.

"Did she tell you about the Ruthless Devil Venerable?" Bai Yaowei asked.

"Of course I have ... Could it be that you have fought against the Ruthless Devil Venerable before? " Chen Xiang looked surprised.

"In other words, Meiyao is also with her." Bai Yaowei asked again.

"Well, they’ve been with me a long time." F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Bai Yaowei was suddenly enlightened: "It seems they taught you a lot of godly skills. No wonder you used such a familiar technique in the early stage of the competition."

Chen Xiang asked suspiciously: "Uncle, you know sister Meiyao too."

Bai Yaowei shook his head and laughed: "I am Ruthless Devil Venerable ... What do you think? "

"This ..." Chen Xiang was immediately dumbstruck. The Ruthless Devil Venerable was actually disguised by Bai Yaowei, and now he understood why both Bai Youyou and Su Meiyao thought that the Ruthless Devil Venerable was extremely mysterious.

"Didn’t you go to the Nine Heaven Devil Palace?" Chen Xiang took a deep breath, and thought about many things in his mind. If the Ruthless Devil Venerable was Bai Yaowei, then Ji Meixian was his niece.

Bai Yaowei smiled faintly: "Looks like their relationship with you isn’t bad. I’ve told you everything."

After saying that, he sighed once more, "Towards You You, I have already let her down once. Later on, in order to make up for her, I disguised myself as Ruthless Devil Venerable ... Then, because I was cultivating the Ruthless magic, I became cold and heartless, almost killing the two of them. This broke through her heart once again, and I even passed the Ruthless magic to her. "

"She’s much more cheerful now. She has already given up on the Ruthless magic, and she still misses you. Every time they bring up her master, she’s always in a bad mood."

Chen Xiang anxiously brought over a table and chair, letting Bai Yaowei sit down: "Uncle, looks like you have gained a lot in Nine Heaven Devil Palace, if not you would not have become so powerful, you should have already escaped from the Ruthless magic."

Seeing that Chen Xiang was about to make a move, Bai Yaowei shook his head and said, "No, Nine Heaven Devil Palace is not fun at all, even if I go in now, I will most likely die. If I find what belongs to me in there, I will be able to come out alive. "

"The Nine Heaven Devil Palace has something of yours." Chen Xiang was puzzled.

"I didn’t know it before, but after entering the Nine Heaven Devil Palace and seeing my original corpse, I found out that I had another identity. That body contained the power of my previous life, and after fusing those powers with my soul, I became this powerful, and then I escaped from that terrifying place." Bai Yaowei thought back to the past, and his eyes revealed a trace of fear.

Chen Xiang immediately understood that this Bai Yaowei was actually reincarnated by an ancient almighty being, just like White Tiger Long Xueyi.

In the ancient era, there were only two powerful devils: the Evil Emperor and the Demon Emperor.

Since the Demon Emperor’s whereabouts were unknown, and the Evil Emperor had gone to the Heavenly Evil Realm, then this Bai Yaowei in front of him was very likely to be the Demon Emperor.

"Uncle, you were the Demon Emperor in the Nine Emperors and Five Venerables in your previous life." Chen Xiang spoke out the question in his heart. In his hands was a set of Devil emporer dagger, that belonged to the Demon Emperor.

Bai Yaowei laughed, "Why do you think I’m the Demon Emperor and not the Evil Emperor?"

Chen Xiang said, "The devil arts that you passed on to Sister You You You can’t be anyone’s. It’s been so many years and none of them have been spread out.

"However, if you are the Demon Emperor, why are you a member of the Devil-killing Summit?"

Bai Yaowei smiled and said, "I was indeed the Demon Emperor in my previous life, but I am now only Bai Yaowei, the father of two of my daughters.

"So, you can keep that dagger. If you don’t need it, you can give it to You You You or Ziqian."

Chen Xiang did not need the Devil emporer dagger anymore, his Green dragon demon-slain broadsword was already strong enough.

"Uncle, your niece, do you know her?" Ji Meixian was right here, and he had been searching for the Ruthless Devil Venerable the entire time.

After that, Chen Xiang told Bai Yaowei about Ji Meixian.

After listening, Bai Yaowei’s expression was complex, his eyes revealed a trace of grief: "This child, fortunately she was able to live, otherwise I would not have had the face to face my sister in the future."

"She’s right here with the Phoenix King." Chen Xiang told him the location, and then gave him a set of scrolls that allowed him to contact Bai Ziqian.

Chen Xiang didn’t mention anything about him helping Bai Ziqian, but Bai Yaowei could tell that Chen Xiang was very concerned about his two daughters and even that niece of his, so he wanted to help Chen Xiang as well.

"If you need it, I can help you save the Evil Dragon Graveyard. This is my pearl." Bai Yaowei tossed a black pearl over to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang took it and thanked her, but he already had other plans.

"Uncle, how is your relationship with Ten Heavens Supreme Lord?"

Chen Xiang did not know much about the Demon Emperor, and there were a lot of records on it in the ancient book.

"Not bad, could he have revived?" Bai Yaowei thought that this was very possible, "You suddenly became so powerful, could it be that he helped you?"

"More or less... He and the Divine Craftsman have both come out. " Chen Xiang said. Both Qi Shi and Jiang Sheng have always wanted to reminisce with their old friends. It wasn’t easy for them to survive after so many years.

"As long as they are here, I can find them. Right now, I’ll go and talk to the beauty." Bai Yaowei turned into a ball of black air and disappeared.