Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

If not for the fact that the Thunder Emperor had personally controlled the enchantment to prevent the shockwaves from erupting, no one would have been able to sit here.

Chen Xiang did not immediately turn into dust as everyone had imagined. He was actually able to resist the terrifying killing move of the Heavenly Slave.

"Let’s see how long you can last."

The impact of his fists that were like two gigantic black pillars struck Chen Xiang who was protected by the Devil-suppressing qi array frantically, causing him to frown. Although he could temporarily block it, but if he could not retaliate, they would only be able to level up in the end, and the final victor would be Heavenly Dragon Race.

"This guy already has the strength of an Emperor level master. I never would have thought that he would have such strength."

Chen Xiang gritted his teeth as he strengthened his Devil-suppressing qi array. The opponent’s fists that were charging over were getting stronger and stronger, and even Lei Yanjing was unable to sit still and control the barrier. He had to come to the fighting arena and control the barrier with the few elders.

The spectators could only see that Chen Xiang’s body was enveloped by a few circular array shields. Heavenly Slave, who was separated from Chen Xiang, continuously waved both of his arms, and a fist smashed out, transforming into two thick pillars that carried some black Qi.

"Hurry up and die for me."

Heavenly Slave’s forehead was full of veins, his face was filled with anger, as though he had already died. His two fists suddenly turned blood-red, and a blood colored mist came out, bringing with it a strong and evil Qi, as it floated above the fighting stage.

He was unable to take down Chen Xiang in a short period of time, causing the Heavenly Slave to become extremely irritable. The pressure on Chen Xiang right now was also not small.

"This guy has already gone crazy. The rhythm of his punches is very chaotic, the opportunity is about to come."

Chen Xiang carefully observed the fast fists that were charging towards him. In Heavenly Slave’s realm of gods and devils, it was extremely difficult for Chen Xiang to move, even if he could move, Heavenly Slave would immediately notice. The Heavenly Slave was very far away from him, so it was hard for him to attack.

"Just break his Fiendgod domain." Chen Xiang took a deep breath, while blocking the attack, he also started to condense his power. At the same time, he observed the rhythm of the opponent’s punches carefully, finding a chance to retaliate.

The hourglass was already halfway out, and time was running out. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"Dog slave, take this." Chen Xiang shouted in his heart, and everyone felt that in that moment, it was as if space itself was fluctuating, Chen Xiang punched out with lightning speed, releasing thunderbolts.

Everyone saw Chen Xiang striking out his fist, but Chen Xiang just stood there and punched, the fist wind seemed to penetrate through space, it suddenly appeared in front of Heavenly Slave. What was unbelievable was that after the fist energy shot out, it actually turned into a gigantic golden fist that was like a small mountain.

The Devil Subduing Method, combined with the Devil-suppressing fist, produced an incomparably tyrannical destructive force, which instantly defeated the devil aura released by the Heavenly Slave. The mountain-like Devil-suppressing fist brought along the berserk Devil Subduing Method and smashed onto the Heavenly Slave’s body, causing a huge hole to appear in the ground.

After suffering such a heavy blow that the Demonic God Domain was destroyed, it was not that difficult for Chen Xiang to use his spatial energy.

"This is going to be difficult." Chen Xiang glanced at the hourglass. There was not much time left, even though there was still half of the time left, it was not easy for him to exterminate the Heavenly Slave.

However, the rules forbid the use of magical equipment or weapons.

Although Heavenly Slave was heavily punched by Chen Xiang, it did not deal much damage to him. At the same time, he had already jumped out of the deep ditch, and the moment he came out, he rushed towards Chen Xiang.

The Divine Demon Emperor was indeed an Emperor level powerhouse, but he was always beaten into a sorry state by Chen Xiang. Everyone couldn’t help but be shocked at Chen Xiang’s strength, but he actually wasn’t killed instantly when facing off against a Strong of Lord Stage. This showed that he was very strong himself, and with the help of the Devil-suppressing kungfu, he could tie with the Divine Demon Emperor.

Chen Xiang did not want to fight to a standstill. At this moment, he was not holding back and continued to use his God Power, continuously using Devil Subduing Method and Devil-suppressing fist, both combined, allowing him to gain the upper hand. At the very least, Heavenly Slave’s fiendish demon fists were burned by Chen Xiang’s flames, causing him to continuously roar in pain.

"If you want to beat him, then do as I say."

An imposing voice suddenly appeared in Chen Xiang’s mind, this was not a person he was familiar with, he anxiously followed the voice and left his consciousness to ask: "Who are you?"

"Lv Zhen." the voice replied.

"Lv Zhen, who is it?"

Chen Xiang asked, his random punch just now had hit Heavenly Slave in the face, causing him to be even angrier, but in close combat, Heavenly Slave was at a disadvantage, because Chen Xiang’s body was wrapped up by the Devil-suppressing qi array, like armor, making it impossible for Heavenly Slave to break through the demon’s power.

"The master of the Holy Devil-suppressing seal in your body, do you know who I am now? You don’t have much time left, quickly do as I say, otherwise you won’t have the chance to defeat this guy." Lv Zhen anxiously said.

The owner of the Holy Devil-suppressing seal, wasn’t it just the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable? Chen Xiang was stunned for a moment, and then he didn’t notice the Heavenly Slave’s furious attack. He immediately released a black ball of light that flew to the side of the stage.

Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable was also here, Chen Xiang was surprised, he never thought that Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable would also have the surname Lu, that was Lv Qilian’s father, if not for the tense situation, Chen Xiang would have looked through the crowd to look for Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable.

"Senior, what should I do?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously, in his heart, the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable held the same position as the Ten Heavens Supreme Lord. He had never seen the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable, but he received a large portion of the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable’s inheritance.

You can use the God wind, right? When I pass down the chant, you turn the divine power into the God wind, and the moment the God wind condenses, you will activate the chant mental cultivation method I passed on to you, allowing you to unleash the Evil Killing God wind, which is a huge blow to the Evil Demon King. This is something I learned from the Devil-killing Summit, of course, there are also many other techniques, but these are all not things that I will be able to learn in a short period of time. Lv Zhen said.

"Senior, you went to the Devil-killing Summit." Chen Xiang suddenly jumped up from the ground, dodging a black ball of devilish fiend that fell from the sky. He circulated the divine power in his body and used the method in the God slain method, transforming a large amount of the divine power into God wind.

At this time, a mnemonic chant appeared in his mind. Having learned many divine arts, he soon knew how to operate it.