Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Huang Jintian flipped through the ancient book, searching for information related to the Vermillion Bird.

"So that’s how it was. Back then, the White Tiger went berserk, lost its mind, and killed the Vermillion Bird. And one of the big powers that the Vermillion Bird protected was the Dongfang Family. That skeleton was left in the profound Realm of the Dongfang Family. If Chen Xiang didn’t mention it, Huang Jintian wouldn’t have known that the Vermillion Bird was killed by the White Tiger all those years ago.

Huang Jintian was suddenly confused, "Why would the White Tiger lose its mind? The White Tiger has also mentioned this before, it went berserk a few times and killed quite a few people, then committed suicide. Its disciple, Ten Heavens Supreme Lord, also had a similar situation, but not that frequently."

"This is because they all had that Killing-god heart before ..." Chen Xiang told Huang Jintian all of these things.

"Killing-god heart s are just Divine Deity. They actually didn’t know about it at that time." Huang Jintian even found out that the origin of the Heaven Earth Killing Method was from that Killing-god heart.

After that, Chen Xiang and Huang Jintian exchanged pointers, and found out about many things to satisfy their curiosity.

Daybreak, Chen Xiang asked Huang Jintian to calculate Leng Youlan’s position for him. This was also the reason why he brought Huang Jintian here.

"This place is a bit big and a bit special, so it needs some time." After Huang Jintian finished speaking, he sat down cross legged. This time, he did not pinch his fingers to calculate, but opened his arms to absorb the light from the sun, obtaining some strange power and borrowing the sun’s power to sense a few things.

Chen Xiang patiently waited for more than four hours, before he finally came to a conclusion: "It’s a bit blurry, and it’s too far away from here, but I can confirm that she’s right here."

"Right now, I only know her location. If I go near her, I can figure out her exact location."

Chen Xiang said: "Then lead the way, we will go over now."

Long Xueyi had Divine Deity, so Heaven extended method was useless against her, and could only be counted as Leng Youlan.

"This way." Huang Jintian pointed in a direction.

"Master, you can enter my Storage magic treasure first. I’ll use the spatial laws to reach my destination faster."

Huang Jintian was very willing, because the ring wasn’t as bad as the ring. It was very safe inside.

Chen Xiang took a deep breath. As he faced the direction Huang Jintian pointed out, he circulated the vast divine power, and the space around him started to fluctuate, as though it was a calm level that slightly fluctuated. Following this, his body slightly swayed as he fused into the fluctuating space.

In the blink of an eye, Chen Xiang had traversed a long distance and arrived at a scorching hot area. Looking in front of him, he could see volcanoes that were emitting hot air, there were a few of them which were relatively large in size, releasing red lava continuously, causing a large sea of lava to appear in front of him.

Chen Xiang released Huang Jintian, frowned and said: "Master, if you continue calculating, see if I went in the wrong direction, how did I end up in this kind of damned place."

Huang Jintian saw that there were volcanoes everywhere and the heat made him very uncomfortable. "The Holy Spirit Qi here has been absorbed into the ground and turned into extremely hot lava. There must be a natural formation underneath it, which is why the environment here is so vile."

People with strength like theirs could feel the heat, then if weaker people came here, they would definitely die from the heat.

Suddenly, a slight tremor could be felt from the ground. In the distance, a massive volcano had erupted. Lava splashed in all directions along with a large amount of scorching hot rocks. Thick ash rose into the air, blotting out the sky. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"This volcano’s eruption is really powerful." Just as Chen Xiang finished speaking, a huge piece of extremely hot rock shot towards him.

Chen Xiang and Huang Jintian anxiously dodged, staying far away from the place where they were previously at. At the same time, the gigantic volcano was still erupting, the rocks that shot out were everywhere, wreaking havoc everywhere.

"The volcanoes here are too powerful. If that rock were to hit me, it would have taken half of my life." Huang Jintian was shocked: "Let’s quickly get out of this place and talk about this later, I keep having a feeling that there’s something powerful beneath this volcano range."

Chen Xiang looked at the sky. In a short span of time, the entire sky was covered by thick volcanic ash, which flickered with purple lightning, and produced an extremely violent Holy Spirit Qi. And this Holy Spirit Qi would eventually be devoured by the earth.

Chen Xiang and the others could feel the oppressive Holy Spirit Qi rapidly descending, forming gusts of wind that was quickly being engulfed by the earth.

"Based on the current situation, the other volcanoes will erupt very soon." Huang Jintian suddenly had a very strong feeling: "There seems to be something coming from below, we really did not come at the right time."

Chen Xiang had already activated the Heaven tour method just now and his soul was flying extremely quickly, flying in all directions to investigate the situation.

"There are volcanoes all around here, and the area covered by these volcanoes is very wide. I wonder if this place is a forbidden area within the Heavenly Dragon Realm."

Just as he was about to put Huang Jintian into the ring, the ground started to shake more and more violently. The ground in front of him suddenly rose up, as if something was about to drill out of it.

"The damn thing is coming out." Huang Jintian was shocked, the protruding area where it had cracked opened, there were two thick and long fiery red things, they seemed like two beasts with sharp, large horns.

"Let’s take a look at this first before we leave." Chen Xiang was suddenly very curious, this Heavenly Dragon Realm was not as strong as he had imagined him to be. If something were to appear in front of him now, it would seem that it was not any weaker than those Heavenly Dragons.

Huang Jintian said: "Wait a moment, you have to run a bit faster, if you are stopped by this guy, I won’t be able to greet him."

The pair of fiery-red horns was very long, and its top was covered in volcanic ash. The two horns seemed to pierce through volcanic ash, causing the volcanic ash in the air to churn.

"It was just two horns just now. Now, my entire body is about to come out." Huang Jintian shouted. He and Chen Xiang floated far away from the protruding place, where a huge beast was about to come out from the ground.

After getting far away from that place, Chen Xiang and Huang Jintian could already see a large piece of land that had cracked open, releasing waves after waves of intense fire. It was indeed a very strong beast, the pressure was not any weaker than the Dragon Emperor that had turned into a dragon.

"We really came at the right time, to actually see the birth of such a huge beast." Chen Xiang laughed, he had already started to circulate his divine power, as long as the situation was not good, he would immediately teleport and leave.

Huang Jintian pinched his fingers, as if he was using the Heaven extended method to calculate something.

"Master, are you calculating the position of Youlan?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No, I’m counting this guy in front of me. This guy is the same as you, I can’t even calculate the result. This is a Divine Beast with Divine Deity, what exactly is this thing?" Huang Jintian’s forehead was filled with sweat, not because it was hot, but because the pressure was too strong.