Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"Big brother, are you tired? Let me help you with your shoulders."

Shen Lingling smiled and walked behind Chen Xiang, gently patting his shoulders. She had been trained to serve others before, and although she was a free woman now, she was still very grateful to him. That was why she was always good to others when she came here, so Xue Xianxian and the others were treated very well by her.

"Don’t be so gentle." Chen Xiang did not want to reject Shen Lingling either, he was worried that he would make him unhappy.

When Chen Xiang came, the few girls originally wanted to serve him with some good things, but when Chen Xiang sat down, they immediately brought out a bunch of immortal fruits, fruit juices, and tea made from Immortal Grade’s flowers. It was arranged all over the table.

Xue Xianxian rudely grabbed a few of them and threw them over to Liu Meng’er and the others.

"How long will you be back?" Liu Meng’er lightly chewed on the fruit, looking extremely elegant and beautiful as he ate. Dongfang Xinyue was the same, but like Leng Youlan, she wolfed down her food like a child.

Chen Xiang watched the girls eat with interest. To him, this was also a type of enjoyment.

"A few days, I still have something important to do. I found You Lan at Heavenly Dragon Realm, but she is cultivating on there and can’t come back for the time being." Chen Xiang said.

When talking about Leng Youlan, Xue Xianxian had some very doubtful things to say.

Xue Xianxian asked: "The woman who brought You Lan away that day, said that she was a very high Elder of the Dragon Subduing School. She is indeed very strong, and You Lan is also willing to follow her ... I remember seeing her once before. Who is she? "

"Alright, I don’t have to hide it from you guys now. You should know a bit about the Youlan." Chen Xiang said.

Liu Meng’er and Xue Xianxian were the most clear of each other, because they had spent the most time with You Lan, and Dongfang Jing had also spent some time with Leng Youlan, but felt that Leng Youlan was a very powerful older sister who was very good to them, only that he was a little violent. He liked to find them to fight and train their combat abilities.

It was possible that Dongfang Xinyue and her have Master-servant Contract, so she wasn’t too concerned about these things. She only knew how to get along with her own master and mistress.

"Before she left, she told us that she possessed White Dragon Vein, and said that she trusted that woman greatly ..." The extremely intelligent Xue Xianxian, was able to quickly guess a few things. She had already found out Long Xueyi’s identity after receiving the secret assistance of the White Dragon.

"It’s a white dragon." Liu Meng’er asked.

Chen Xiang nodded: "Very impressive White Dragon, named Long Xueyi ... She knows a lot about me, so she knows you all very well. "

Xue Xianxian scoffed, "No wonder she called out our names the moment she saw us, as if we were acquaintances."

"Didn’t Bai Long have his enmity with the Imperial Dragon Race? Could it be that they went to the Heavenly Dragon Realm to seek revenge?" Liu Meng’er was suddenly worried.

She had long known that she was hiding a woman inside Chen Xiang’s body. She had secretly taught her the Vermillion Bird Divine Arts and now she saw Long Xueyi as the woman who had passed down the techniques to her.

"Of course not, they just wanted to probe the strength of the Heavenly Dragon Race, but they had gained a lot from it." Chen Xiang did not want to talk too much about Leng Youlan and Long Xueyi. Their Supreme Dragon blood were extremely precious.

"Right, where’s Senior Jiang?" Chen Xiang asked.

"He left a long time ago. He only gave us some pointers on how to refine the Suzaku bow and then left the divine cauldron here for us to discuss." Dongfang Jing said. She had already eaten two Immortal Fruits, and it was obvious that she liked the taste of the Immortal Fruit.

Xue Xianxian laughed: "The Four Symbols Divine Weapons will be gathered soon, I wonder what will happen then."

Chen Xiang shook his head: "Actually there are five types of Divine Weapons and even Qilin Divine Weapons ... I met a Divine Beast in Heavenly Dragon Realm. If I want to find the materials, I can only think of this Qilin. "

"We did indeed find a portion of the Qilin Divine Weapon blueprint in that book. As for the remaining parts, we still need to continue studying them." Dongfang Xinyue opened her mouth and said, her voice was still as gentle as ever.

"Bring out your Green dragon demon-slain broadsword for us to see. We want to copy it and practice using this method. Just right now, if we want to refine a Suzaku bow, we still need to improve in many ways." Liu Meng’er rested her chin on her hand, her beautiful eyes rippling as she looked at Chen Xiang, looking very attractive. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Chen Xiang took out the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword s, and then pressed them on the table: "This table is not strong enough, let’s change it to another table."

Dongfang Jing and Shen Lingling anxiously cleaned up the Immortal Fruit on the table and then moved the wooden table away. In place of a circular metal table, this table was a specially crafted forging table.

"Can you be a little bigger?" Chen Xiang didn’t think that they were originally just chatting, who knew that in the end, they would develop into research on these Divine Weapons.

Liu Meng’er controlled the forging table to become larger. Chen Xiang placed the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword on top of it, then let the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword grow larger. This way, they could clearly see the Spirit grain on top of it.

"Oh yeah, I still have five Seven Dragons Sword s with me." Chen Xiang took out the Holy Dragon Sword, Fire Dragon Sword, Azure Dragon Sword, Thunder Dragon Sword, and Ice dragon sword. "This should be useful to you guys, right?

"Great."

Dongfang Jing’s eyes lit up as he lovingly played around with them. Dongfang Jing and Shen Lingling were also very excited, the two of them had already been pulled into the smithing list, and were extremely fond of smithing. Seeing these famous Holy Weapons, they would inevitably be excited, and even more so, this was their brother.

Xue Yi should be able to help you find the White Dragon Sword. As for the Tianlong sword ... it might be in the hands of the Heavenly Dragon Race s. " Dongfang Xinyue waved the green dragon sword, caressing the body of the sword, he felt the Spirit grain above.

Liu Meng’er looked at these Holy Dragon’s Swords and sighed with emotion. She never thought that Chen Xiang would be able to get five of them by himself.

"So the Tianlong sword are hard to get." It was a little regretful on Liu Meng’er’s face, but it was the same for the other girls. It could be seen that they all wanted to copy the Seven Dragons Sword.

"That’s not it... It’s because Heavenly Dragon Race is not a real Heavenly Dragon Supreme Lord. " The corners of Chen Xiang’s mouth curled up as he smiled lightly: "The real Heavenly Dragon Supreme Lord is that white dragon. She should know the whereabouts of the Tianlong sword and the White Dragon Sword."

When Long Xueyi first came to find Leng Youlan, he got to know a few girls very well. They all knew of Long Xueyi’s name and had a good impression of him.

"It’s really just as those Ice Dragon grandfathers said. In all of Nine Emperors and Five Venerables, the only one who is a woman is the Heavenly Dragon Supreme Lord." Dongfang Jing said.