Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Liu Meng’er saw that Chen Xiang had returned alone, and anxiously asked: "Where’s Warm Moon, is she not with you?"

Dongfang Jing was a little worried that he didn’t see his aunt.

"This..." Chen Xiang told them everything that had happened from beginning to end, making Xue Xianxian and Liu Meng’er scold him.

"Just be at ease and leave her alone." Xue Xianxian scoffed, "It’s too dangerous. She’s not very strong, and the Heavenly Realm is so scary."

"That’s right, quickly go back and find her. If something happens, how are you going to explain it to Jing Er?" Liu Meng’er patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder.

Chen Xiang said with a helpless expression: "She was the one who told me to come back. She said she was worried that you guys would say that she kidnapped me, and I also said that I wanted to stay there to accompany her. But she insisted that I come back."

Chen Xiang glanced at Dongfang Jing and noticed that his eyes seemed to flicker, as if he knew something.

"Jing Jing, do you know something?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I... I can’t say. " Dongfang Jing was very simple, she was not very good at lying. Right now, she was hesitating and stuttering, and felt that it would be very difficult for her to hide what Chen Xiang wanted to know.

Seeing that Dongfang Jing’s innocent face was filled with melancholy and difficulty, Chen Xiang laughed and patted her head, "Don’t say it, it’s okay."

"Jing Er, can you tell us if she’s safe there?" Liu Meng’er and Dongfang Xinyue’s relationship was very good, and from Long Huishan, she found out that the Heaven Realm was very terrifying, so she was very worried about Dongfang Xinyue.

"Auntie will be fine. Don’t worry." Dongfang Jing said.

"Yes, Warm Moon is not here. Now that your Scoundrel Brother is back, we will rest for a few days and not refine any equipment for the time being." Xue Xianxian laughed, and touched Dongfang Jing’s face. She liked this little sister very much.

Even though Xue Xianxian had said that, she and Liu Meng’er were still extremely busy. They were anxious to analyze the five holy swords and the Spirit grain s on top of the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, and they did not allow Shen Lingling and to participate, nor did they allow them to gather with Chen Xiang properly. They did not really care, as long as they knew that Chen Xiang was alright over these past few years, it was enough for them to see him.

Inside the Ice Dragon Villa, the mountain that Liu Meng’er and the others resided in was the center of the mountain where the artifact forging took place, and there was also a small villa on the mountain. Chen Xiang, Dongfang Jing and the others were currently playing around on the mountain, and Chen Xiang would occasionally brag about the stories between him and the great emperors.

When he got tired of playing, Chen Xiang gave some fruit juice to his two little sisters. At that moment, while they were resting and chatting inside a pavilion, they suddenly felt a strong sword qi approaching them.

Just when Chen Xiang was extremely vigilant, Dongfang Jing and Shen Lingling cheered, "It’s little sister!"

The little girl that they were talking about, was Mu Qianxiang. Mu Qianxiang was the youngest, their eldest sister was Long Huishan, their second sister was Leng Youlan, and third brother was Dongfang Jing.

Mu Qianxiang received the Sword Emperor’s inheritance, which was why he reacted now.

"Brother, look at the sword." Hearing Mu Qianxiang’s shout, Chen Xiang reached out and grabbed, then grabbed onto a soft jade hand. Mu Qianxiang had already arrived in front of him, stuck his tongue out and laughed: "If I had a sword, I would definitely be able to chop off a handful of your hair."

"Wild girl, you fought and killed as soon as you saw her. If you were with Youlan, I don’t think you would be able to calm down during those few days." Chen Xiang laughed and scolded, he pinched her jade face and pulled out a piece of meat.

Mu Qianxiang looked pure and gentle, giving off a gentle and virtuous feeling. However, a mischievous glint frequently flashed in her eyes, and when she moved it rough, it was as if she was a crazed, wild girl. She was a gentle, inner-minded woman, but Leng Youlan was intrepid and domineering both internally and externally.

"Sister Xianxian and Sister Jun often fought, and sometimes from morning till night, Sister Xianxian and Elder Sister Meng’er wouldn’t be able to persuade them. In the end, only Sister Xianxian was able to stop them." Shen Lingling laughed.

"Ling Ling, we haven’t seen each other for a while. Come over for a few moves." Mu Qianxiang pinched Shen Lingling’s small face, and said with a mischievous smile.

Seeing Mu Qianxiang asking that, Shen Lingling anxiously hid behind Chen Xiang. It seemed that these two little girls were often training partners with Leng Youlan and Mu Qianxiang.

"Look for big brother, big brother is pretty amazing, we can’t even exchange a few blows with you." Dongfang Jing laughed.

Mu Qianxiang curled his lips: "Then forget it, I and my elder brother won’t even be able to exchange a few blows, even my master admits that he’s no match for me."

"But my master’s father will definitely be able to beat him."

Her master’s father was the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable, it would be strange if he couldn’t defeat Chen Xiang.

"Little sister, why are you here? Didn’t you say last time that you were prepared to participate in some large gathering to compete in swords?" Shen Lingling asked, and then took out the juice Chen Xiang had given her, and handed it over to Mu Qianxiang.

When Mu Qianxiang sat down, he grabbed a few fruits and stuffed them into his mouth. Only now did Chen Xiang remember that Mu Qianxiang’s appetite was the same as Long Xueyi’s.

Big Sis said that she had something important to do. She passed by the Hundreds of Flowers Palace and told me that Big Bro was here secretly, so I came over.

As Mu Qianxiang spoke, he had already eliminated all the immortal fruits. Shen Lingling and Dongfang Jing were already used to it, they all secretly laughed, because they knew that Chen Xiang needed to take out a lot of food to satisfy his appetite.

"About that, I’m not interested in the Sword Competition, but Master insisted that I participate, and the Old Hall Master also wants to see my sword art." Mu Qianxiang sighed helplessly, "The old Hall Master said that the Sword Emperor might not appear again for nine days, so the future Sword Emperor might very well be me."

Dongfang Jing was pleasantly surprised: "So you’re saying that I have a younger sister, the Sword Emperor. When I go out in the future, I don’t need to be so worried about being bullied anymore."

Mu Qianxiang laughed: "Right now, no one dares to bully you."

Chen Xiang asked: "The old Hall Master is currently in Hundreds of Flowers Palace."

"No, he’s in the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace, he just comes here often to teach us how to cultivate the Devil-suppressing method." Mu Qianxiang said: "Now that Little Lizhi has already been taken in as his disciple, from today onwards, the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace may be under Little Lizhi’s control, but my master will continue to build up her Hundreds of Flowers Palace."

Chen Xiang laughed: "Little Lizhi is in charge of the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace, when the time comes, I will go and mess with a Divine Palace Protectors. I wonder if the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable will take back all the magic treasures I have on me."

Mu Qianxiang scoffed, "Brother, you aren’t going to bully Little Lizhi are you ...? She seems to have said that you often tease her. "

Dongfang Jing and Shen Lingling instantly looked at Chen Xiang with strange eyes. Dongfang Jing laughed softly: "Big Brother is still so evil." T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"Cough cough ..." That’s not teasing, I was just joking with her. " Chen Xiang coughed dryly a few times. He never thought that Dongfang Jing would still remember the meeting with him back then.