Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was going to look for Lv Qilian next, and it just so happened that he was able to learn a bit about Lv Qilian’s recent situation from him. He had just wanted to ask, but Mu Qianxiang asked Dongfang Jing, why did he say that Chen Xiang was so bad.

Chen Xiang winked at Dongfang Jing, but Dongfang Jing didn’t seem to understand, and told her about how Chen Xiang peeked at her while she was bathing in the lake at night. At that time, he lied and said that she was a good person.

"Big Bro really isn’t a good person." Back then, when she was in that forbidden area, Chen Xiang had only said that he only had one wife. But in the end, she discovered that there were quite a few girls who had an intimate relationship with Chen Xiang, and there were even a few in the Hundreds of Flowers Palace that had a very good relationship with Chen Xiang.

Shen Lingling and Dongfang Jing laughed while covering their mouths. Chen Xiang looked at the two of them unhappily.

"Qianxiang, has your master been in closed door cultivation recently?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No, but she’s been rather busy recently. She said that she wants to nurture a large number of medicinal ingredients and that our Hundreds of Flowers Palace has two very outstanding female Alchemist s." Mu Qianxiang said.

At this time, Xue Xianxian appeared out of nowhere, and said while laughing: "The two female Alchemist s that you mentioned, are Qianqian and Sister Xiangyue, right?"

"Yeah, you guys are very familiar with each other." Mu Qianxiang knew that Xue Xianxian recognized them, but he seemed to be extremely familiar with them.

Xue Xianxian glared at Chen Xiang, and said: "Ask this little scoundrel, Sister Xiangyue is his female slave, he is Sister Xiangyue’s Junior Master."

Seeing Xue Xianxian’s jealous face, Mu Qianxiang finally understood.

"Xianxian, weren’t you with Elder Sister Meng’er? Why did you suddenly come over?" Chen Xiang anxiously laughed, wanting to change the topic. Xue Xianxian knew that he had a history of his own, he did not want his lofty image to be shattered in front of his little sisters.

Xue Xianxian laughed tenderly: "Elder Sister Meng’er told me to come up and watch you, don’t let me tell you to lie to my little sister, seems like I came in time." Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Chen Xiang spread his hands and said: "Alright, I am a bad guy."

Dongfang Jing laughed, "Could it be that it’s not a little scoundrel? That’s what Big Sister Xianxian calls you."

"Big Brother Scoundrel." Shen Lingling also chuckled.

"Scoundrel, no wonder Sister Youlan often calls you that." Mu Qianxiang laughed.

Xue Xianxian laughed: "Alright, your Scoundrel bro is still pretty good, at least I love you guys a lot. Even if he doesn’t come back, he would always think of ways to give you guys food to eat."

Mu Qianxiang was very much in favor of this point. As long as she was with Chen Xiang, she would always be able to eat many delicious things.

"Brother, you asked about my master just now, and you’re going to find her." Mu Qianxiang asked.

"No, I’m just asking. We had some conflicts before, but her dad came back this time. I was worried that she would cause trouble for me, so I wanted to find some time to talk to her." Chen Xiang said.

Chen Xiang impersonating as the Hundreds of Flowers Heavenly Emperor and going against the Hundreds of Flowers Palace was something that everyone knew. However, Mu Qianxiang was very clear about the relationship between Chen Xiang and Lv Qilian, and in the past, it was indeed not that good. However, ever since Lv Qilian and Little Lizhi came back from the Sacred Region, their attitude towards Chen Xiang had changed drastically.

"I’ll go back and ask her." Mu Qianxiang said.

"No need, I don’t plan to see her for the time being. She’s very busy right now, isn’t she?" Chen Xiang anxiously pulled Mu Qianxiang.

Xue Xianxian seemed to be able to discern something. She did not expect Chen Xiang and Flower Emperor to have some unknown relationship.

"Oh right, Xianxian, have you guys received any Holy Spirit Rabbit blood recently?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Yeah, there is one every once in a while. Didn’t you give it to me as a gift?" Xue Xianxian looked at Dongfang Jing and Shen Lingling: "Jing Jing and Lingling are also useful, you don’t know."

"Strange, I also received it. I also thought that it was from my brother." Mu Qianxiang said.

Chen Xiang frowned: "How often do you receive it?" That Holy Spirit Rabbit of his was given to Su Meiyao and her; they were still in the Sacred Grounds.

"Once a month, but we can’t consume them all, so we gave some to Big Sis Long as well. Previously, she was only given three drops per month, but recently, she was given ten drops per month." Xue Xianxian said: "If it wasn’t you who gave it to him, then who would have given it to him?"

Ten drops a month, this was not a small amount. A Holy Spirit Rabbit could only produce two or three drops like this every month, even if Yao Shumei and the others gave it to them secretly, and kept this amount every month, they only had three Holy Spirit Rabbit s to give to Xue Xianxian and the others.

Chen Xiang said: "Since my Holy Spirit Rabbit was given to others, the ones who should be giving the God Holy Spirit Rabbit blood to you all should be Mu Jialan and the other two. If my guess is not wrong, the Holy Spirit Rabbit in their hands must have multiplied a lot."

had long heard of this matter. She did not expect that the person who had gifted them with rabbit blood in the past few years would actually be Mu Jialan and the rest. They had always been wanted, and had only returned from the Demon Sky City after joining the Hundreds of Flowers Palace during this period of time.

"No wonder Master insisted on developing the Hundreds of Flowers Palace and gave up on inheriting it. If Jia Lan and the other two really have a large number of Holy Spirit Rabbit, it would be of great help to our sisters in the Hundreds of Flowers Palace. If this continues, our bodies will become more and more powerful." Mu Qianxiang said, "No wonder Master treats the three of them so well."

"Elder Sister Meng’er and I, by relying on this Jade Rabbit Blood, will soon be able to cultivate Body of Heavenly Sage." Xue Xianxian nodded. "It’s a pity that the Jade Rabbit Blood Man can’t use it, she’ll turn into a woman."

Chen Xiang’s eyes lit up, he felt that the reason the Holy Spirit Rabbit could reproduce was probably because of Lv Qilian’s Alive Slain Method. As Xue Xianxian had mentioned earlier, it was because of the increase in blood from the Holy Spirit Rabbit during this period.

"I wonder to what extent her mastery of the Alive Slain Method has reached." Chen Xiang yearned even more to be as powerful as Lv Qilian.

"I need to go back and train with the sword. It won’t be that easy to be the Sword Emperor." Mu Qianxiang was a little reluctant as he hugged and bid farewell to Shen Lingling and the others. Finally, he kissed Chen Xiang on the cheek and left the Ice Dragon Villa.

Soon after, Xue Xianxian also returned to the belly of the mountain and continued drawing the Seven Dragons Sword s with Liu Meng’er.

In the evening, Chen Xiang was at the top of the mountain with Dongfang Jing and Shen Lingling, watching the sunset. They had originally planned to look at the stars, but Long Huishan’s shout came from below and told them to go down immediately.

"To make a long story short, I went out to investigate an important matter. I understood that the actions taken by the five Heavenly Regions were not only directed at the Evil Dragon Graveyard s, but also at Di Tian and the entire Nine Heaven World." Long Huishan said with a serious expression: "The most recent major event was that the Devil-killing Summit s inside the Night Devil Hell had turned black."

"That’s why we think that the Devil-killing Summit that has been suppressing the Night Devil Hell has already fallen. The Night Devil inside will soon take action and carry out a crazy massacre."