Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang didn’t even have a good impression of the Heavenly Regions.

"Did you forget that you and Little Lizhi almost lost your lives in that Absolute Monarch Sanctuary the other time?" Chen Xiang shook her head: "If that Heaven Realm has the same large amount of strange flowers and herbs as the legends, then the beasts or humans there would definitely be even more powerful. So, for us to head to that place, it would be best to wait until everything is prepared."

"Yes." Lv Qilian wanted to go with Chen Xiang. Chen Xiang had a lot of schemes and her strength was strong, so following him would definitely be very safe. But if Chen Xiang didn’t want to go now, there was nothing she could do.

Chen Xiang said: "Sister Qilian, why don’t we work together for a while and fuse a bit more spirit liquid. This way, we can speed up the production of a large number of high grade herbs."

"Right now, I need a large batch of Immortal Grade Second Rank, Third Rank, and Fourth Rank medicinal ingredients. What is the high class medicinal ingredient that you are talking about?" Lv Qilian asked.

Chen Xiang laughed: "It’s above Immortal Grade Seven, but I don’t have it right now, only Sacred animal fruit s and Tianlong Dan s that can grow."

"Right now, I can condense ten drops in two hours. You have to catch up to my speed first." Lv Qilian said: "Those above Immortal Grade Seven are extremely rare, but I can still purchase them."

Chen Xiang nodded: "I’ll cultivate here with you."

He took out a dozen or so Holy stone s and placed them around him. This could provide them with more Holy Spirit Qi.

Chen Xiang had already guessed that Chen Xiang would have a great harvest from the Absolute Monarch Sanctuary, and these Holy stone were what she needed the most.

"These Holy stone were taken out by you from the dragon vein, or perhaps from that Absolute Monarch Sanctuary." Lv Qilian also wanted to know how the evolution of Chen Xiang’s dragon vein was progressing.

"It’s been a long time since I’ve returned to the Evil Dragon Graveyard. Even without me, that place can still function normally, reducing the reliance on me and making the Dragon Subduing School even more hardworking and powerful."

Chen Xiang laughed, although it looked like he was trying to find an excuse to be lazy, over the years, Dragon Subduing School did not rely on his support to become very strong, so in the future, even without him, Dragon Subduing School would not become weak.

The two of them started to condense spirit liquid, and without realizing it, Chen Xiang released his spirit. He felt that it was kind of boring and wanted to walk around to see Di Tian’s Hundreds of Flowers Palace.

"Focus, catch up to my speed." Lv Qilian shouted softly. Upon sensing the power of Chen Xiang’s divine soul, her divine soul couldn’t help but tremble, as if their divine soul only knew of a miraculous connection.

"It’s just that I’m not familiar enough. After I get familiar with you, I should be able to catch up to you." Chen Xiang used his soul to communicate with Lv Qilian: "Sister Qilian, are you using this spirit liquid to let the Holy Spirit Rabbit reproduce? I heard that the Holy Spirit Rabbit are extremely difficult to reproduce."

"Yu Xuelian, after Mu Jialan and her daughter joined the Hundreds of Flowers Palace, I had a secret talk with them. After a few attempts, I used a large amount of spirit liquid and finally produced seven." When Lv Qilian spoke of this matter, he became a little agitated. "Those Holy Spirit Rabbit are actually not holy beasts, but a top-notch Holy level Elixir."

Chen Xiang was suspicious before, so he smiled and said: "Doesn’t that mean that the women of your Hundreds of Flowers Palace can rely on their strong physical bodies to dominate us in the future?"

"That is not it, to be able to unleash the effects of the Holy Spirit Rabbit’s blood, is not something anyone can do. But if you work hard to cultivate, are willing to work hard, and are ambitious people, you can use the Holy Spirit Rabbit’s blood. If you only want to rely on the Holy Spirit Rabbit’s blood, being lazy in terms of cultivation is completely useless." Lv Qilian said, "Snow Lotus and the other two are very experienced with the use of Jade Rabbit Blood, so I arranged for them to choose the appropriate disciples and then secretly use Jade Rabbit Blood to cultivate."

"I haven’t seen them in a long time. I really want to go look for them now." Chen Xiang laughed: "Their bodies should be powerful now."

"Of course." Lv Qilian suddenly opened his eyes with a strange expression on his face, "Your relationship with the three of them seems to be pretty good."

"It’s just a relationship of friendship, someone worth trusting." Chen Xiang laughed: "Why are you so sensitive?"

Lv Qilian snorted: "Then what about the beautiful goddess, she seems to also have an unclear relationship with you, don’t recklessly harm my Hundreds of Flowers Palace’s disciples."

"The beautiful goddess is also my friend, so of course I wouldn’t dare to do anything to her. Ji Meixian’s background is quite impressive, didn’t she tell you before?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No, I also know that she has a strong background. But she said that you and her are very close, and Phoenix King strongly recommended her, so Xue Ying that girl said some good words for her." At this time, Lv Qilian became more and more interested in Ji Meixian’s identity: "Can you tell me about her?"

thought for a moment: "This is still up to her. When you’re looking for her, tell her that I told you to go ask her. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

"It seems that your relationship with her is even closer than I imagined." Lv Qilian said.

Just like you and me, or Qinlian and I, we can trust each other, but we don’t have that kind of relationship. " Chen Xiang laughed.

"Bastard." Lv Qilian scolded lightly: "Did you treat my Hundreds of Flowers Palace as your imperial harem?"

Chen Xiang laughed heartily: "So you’re saying that you’re helping me manage the palace master of the imperial harem. You said so yourself."

Lv Qilian’s face was a little red. Within her Hundreds of Flowers Palace, there were many girls who had good relations with Chen Xiang, and they were all extremely outstanding. Even she had that kind of indescribable relationship with Chen Xiang, but she could do nothing to him, and she could not harden her heart to break off relationship with him.

"Concentrate, focus..."

Chen Xiang recited these words, but his strong and lively soul remained floating in the training room, causing Lv Qilian to keep his eyes on him, to prevent his soul from running around. After all, the Hundreds of Flowers Palace was filled with girls, she was worried that Chen Xiang would run over there and peek at the girls bathing.

"Big Sister Qilian, has your father told you anything about Devil-killing Summit? Recently, Night Devil Hell has been in a state of unrest." Chen Xiang said: "Even the Devil-killing Summit has turned black."

Lv Qilian said: "I am now handing over Hundreds of Flowers Palace’s to Little Lizhi and Qinlian, both of them have rich management experience, I plan to go into closed door cultivation for a period of time, so I do not really understand these things, my father just said that he wanted to revive Devil-suppressing Divine Palace, and deal with the sudden change in Night Devil Hell."

"So that means you’re the Main Palace Master, Qinlian is the Second Palace Master, and Little Lizhi is the Third Palace Master." Chen Xiang laughed.

"More or less, but they all have the same amount of power." Lv Qilian glared at Chen Xiang fiercely. Previously, Chen Xiang had teased him many times and called him his little wife or something like that.

Chen Xiang curled his lips: "Don’t look at me like that, your Hundreds of Flowers Palace is able to rope in so many outstanding and powerful women, I have done a great service. If you need me, I can help you find a few stronger ones in the future.