Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

At this time, Leng Youlan was very clear about her current situation. She could not go exploring with Chen Xiang and the others, so she revealed a smile and nodded: "Once I have perfectly fused with the Supreme Dragon blood, I will become very powerful."

Chen Xiang patted her shoulder and encouraged her: "Then work hard, I’ll send you and Master back."

Huang Jintian who was at the side, had been considering something.

"Are you going to the Saint realm? I want to go with you. Cat is still there. I can go find him and hunt for Saint Beasts." Huang Jintian laughed: "Bring me along."

Chen Xiang sent Leng Youlan back to the Ice Dragon Villa. At this time, Huang Jintian and Long Xueyi were both in the Serene Jade Ring. He had already gone to the Sacred Region before and had spatial senses towards the Sacred Region, so he did not need to use the teleportation platform to head to the Sacred Region.

After arriving at the Absolute Monarch Sanctuary, Chen Xiang had passed through that layer of light and released Huang Jintian. He could go and find Mao’er by himself.

Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi, on the other hand, were Sky Capital, which was in the middle of entering the Absolute Monarch Sanctuary, heading to Super Old Sacred City.

Back then, he had gotten to know two very strong female rankers in the Super Old Sacred City. It was just that he did not know whether Ji Ling’er and Red Cloud were still at the house they bought back then.

"I remember that they both have enemies family, as long as Super Old Sacred City is not settled by that Super Holy School, they should be fine." Long Xueyi said, she was resting inside the ring, although she was very strong now, but she was very lazy, and would definitely not sit when she was lying down.

Chen Xiang began to feel the spatial undulations when he was in Super Old Sacred City. As long as he could sense the space there, he would be able to use the power of the spatial laws to pass through.

"sister Meiyao and Miss You You are in Divine Feather School. Even if Super Holy School controls the entire Super Old Sacred City, I think they would help Ji Ling’er and the rest."

The space around Chen Xiang started to fluctuate. He had already found the space where the Super Old Sacred City was, he did not teleport directly to the inside of the Super Old Sacred City, but instead, he was in a wasteland outside the Super Old Sacred City, and was still a distance away from the Super Old Sacred City. He was worried that if he got too close to the Super Old Sacred City, he would be discovered by the rankers inside the Super Old Sacred City, causing unnecessary trouble.

It was very safe outside Super Old Sacred City because many Rankers killed Saint Beasts to earn Holy stone s. Saint Beasts coming to this place was simply a suicide.

Chen Xiang crossed a wasteland and entered the Super Old Sacred City, heading to the strongest region in the Sky Capital. However, the moment he entered the Super Old Sacred City, he heard a piece of bad news.

He never thought that not long after he left the Sacred Domain, such a thing would happen. The entire Super Old Sacred City was actually controlled by the Super Holy School, and a power like the Divine Feather School didn’t dare to say much either.

"What’s going on? We haven’t left for too long right? Moreover, the strength of the Super Holy School at that time shouldn’t have been that strong either." Chen Xiang found it hard to understand, as a large half of the Heaven Sacred District had already become Super Holy School.

Long Xueyi said in a serious voice, "If I bought wrongly, the Super Holy School should have been won over by the Hell Devil Emperor. If I can gather a large number of experts from the Sacred Domain to attack Di Tian, tsk tsk, the consequences would be unimaginable."

"This Hell Devil Emperor is really a tumor." Chen Xiang gritted his teeth and cursed.

"Quickly go to the Divine Feather School and find Feng Yujie. See if you can find out the whereabouts of Hong Xia and Ji Ling’er. Since the Super Holy School controls the Super Old Sacred City, it will definitely be difficult for the two of them to hide here." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang immediately headed to Divine Feather School, and the one who received him was the elder from back then. After recognizing him, he anxiously brought him to Feng Yujie.

Feng Yujie, who had always been in seclusion, was now in charge of the entire Divine Feather School. It was because the entire Absolute Monarch Sanctuary was not at peace right now.

As a Leader and a Pill Saint, Feng Yujie’s strength was not to be underestimated. At the moment, he did not have any conflicts of interest with the Super Holy School, so the Super Holy School dared to make a move on the Divine Feather School.

Feng Yujie was just like before, wearing simple clothes. Although her appearance was average, the way she moved her hands was extremely charming. When she saw Chen Xiang coming over, she chuckled and said, "You’re back so soon ..."

After saying that, Feng Yujie’s smile suddenly disappeared, he frowned at Chen Xiang, with a look of shock on his face, because Chen Xiang’s strength was extremely shocking to her. Back then when Chen Xiang left, he was only at Immortal-becoming realm, but now, she was unable to see through him.

"Where’s sister Meiyao and elder sister You You?" Chen Xiang did not bother with her and quickly replied: "I want to meet them."

Feng Yujie said: "They just ate the Saint Revitalizing Pellet that I refined, and they will take some time to refine. You won’t be able to see them now."

Chen Xiang nodded his head. This could be understood, and he asked again, "Now that Super Old Sacred City is in control, Super Holy School has been chasing after two women ..."

Feng Yujie seemed to have already guessed that Chen Xiang would ask about this. She took out a jade box and said: "This is what they left for you.

Chen Xiang immediately received the jade box and opened it to look. It was a map, and when he opened it, he was completely confused by what he saw, because he did not know anything about this Sacred Domain.

"Where are they?" Chen Xiang passed the map to Feng Yujie and said: "I’m not familiar with this place."

"Seems like they are far away from the Super Old Sacred City, this is an area that is not yet controlled by the Super Holy School, it’s called the Holy Beast Mountain Range, there are also many strong humans, and a few of them are strong Beast Kings, the Super Holy School do not dare to go there recklessly, the map should indicate that they are inside their cave." Feng Yujie said: "There is the Transmission array here, we can teleport there directly. If you go to that place, you should keep a low profile."

"Aunt Feng, when will sister Meiyao and elder sister You You You wake up?" Chen Xiang asked.

"If my two daughters can recover, then their strength will definitely rise greatly. I need to guide them from the side, so I can’t be sure when they can finish it. It should be within ten years." The Aunt Feng said.

Within ten years, Chen Xiang could understand. After all, those were injuries that had been left behind for many years, and they had been treated while raising one’s strength. However, he still felt that it was too long.

"Aunt Feng, do you know about the matters concerning Hell Devil Emperor? Do you think that there is a connection between Super Holy School and Hell Devil Emperor?" This was what Long Xueyi told Chen Xiang to ask.

"You also know about the matters with the Hell Devil Emperor. Honestly speaking, the Hell Devil Emperor also came to find me and offered very generous conditions for me to become his subordinate. However, I rejected." Feng Yujie let out a long sigh, "Even though my Divine Feather School is fine up till now, I feel that she will not let me off."

"In that case, other than the Super Holy School, there are also many other powerhouses that have been bribed by the Hell Devil Emperor." Chen Xiang frowned.

"That’s right, because the Hell Devil Emperor’s conditions are very generous. First, if one’s soul is not destroyed, one will never die, then he will provide some precious Holy level medicinal herbs, and then, some Saint Weapons. You have to know, the Saint Weapons in hell are very powerful, they were all made by a large number of artifact forgers controlled by the Hell Devil Emperor." Feng Yujie said: "Who knows, maybe he can even bring out some Divine Weapons."

Chen Xiang said, "A few days ago, a few of the Heavenly Regions attacked Di Tian, but they did not succeed in the end because Di Tian’s current strength is not weak either. If they were to fight, the Heavenly Regions would not benefit much.

Feng Yujie sighed: "I also heard that Di Tian had such a great power right after he was reborn. If we give Di Tian a little more time, the Sky Region would definitely not dare to challenge him."

The current Di Tian was able to give birth to a Holy Spirit Aura, he was even stronger than the Di Tian from back then.

"Aunt Feng, if Hell Devil Emperor wants to make a move on you, then move Divine Feather School to Di Tian." Chen Xiang said: "If we stay there, we can resist the power of the Hell Devil Emperor together."

"I’ll think about it. After all, that’s Di Tian. It’s not easy to migrate from here as a whole." Feng Yujie suddenly laughed: "You aren’t planning to rope me in are you?"

"Of course not, it’s just cooperation." Chen Xiang laughed: "I’ll go look for Hong Xia and the others first. When I get back, I’ll have to ask you about some things regarding refining pills."

"Oh, your alchemy skills are so special, I can’t guide you." Feng Yujie scoffed, "Don’t tell me you want to challenge me again, laugh at me after you defeat me?"

Chen Xiang shook his head: "Yes, there is a method to refine high level pellets, for example a high level eight or nine pellet, or even a sacred pellet."

Hearing Chen Xiang’s words, Feng Yujie immediately understood that Chen Xiang did not come here just to see Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou, but also to become a Pill Saint. She was not too surprised that Chen Xiang would be able to become a Pill Saint in such a short time. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Chen Xiang came to the Holy Beast Mountain Range through the Divine Feather School’s Transmission array. The Divine Feather School had a very close business relationship with the Holy Beast Mountain Range, so there were a few Transmission array s that led to the Holy Beast Mountain Range.

After arriving at the Sacred Beast Mountain Range, he released his divine soul to wander in the air and survey the terrain. After comparing Ji Ling’er and Red Dawn’s maps, he quickly found a gigantic mountain that was specially made for people. There were many big and small caves on top of the mountain.

Chen Xiang followed the map and quickly found their cave. He knocked on the stone door of the cave, waiting for them to open.

Not long after, the stone door slowly opened, revealing a beautiful lady, it was Ji Ling’er. However, Chen Xiang had disguised herself previously, so she was extremely wary when she saw a stranger before her.

"Little Ling’Er, it’s me." Chen Xiang anxiously transmitted to Ji Ling’er: "It’s not easy for you to open the door."

Seeing that it was Chen Xiang, Ji Ling’er hastily pulled him in and closed the door.

"It’s really you. How did you arrive so quickly?" Ji Ling’er asked excitedly, jumping around while hugging Chen Xiang.