Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Hong Xia and Ji Ling’er knew that Chen Xiang would definitely come, because they already knew what was happening within Di Tian. They just did not expect that Chen Xiang would arrive so quickly.

"Little Ling’Er, what do you think of me?" Chen Xiang giggled as he reached out to scratch her beautiful nose, then looked at Hong Xia, and laughed helplessly: "I didn’t expect it to change so suddenly. This place is the same as Di Tian, and there’s even a little connection between them."

Because experts like Ten Heavens Supreme Lord, Jiang Sheng, Demon Emperor Bai Yaowei, and Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable had appeared one after another, making it difficult for those Sky Region to launch a huge battle against Di Tian. Therefore, at this time, the Hell Devil Emperor had found the of the Absolute Monarch Sanctuary.

With the help of the Hell Devil Emperor, the Super Holy School dominated the entire Sacred Region and controlled the entire Heaven Sacred District, causing Hong Xia and Ji Ling’er to have no choice but to leave this place that they thought to be very safe.

"Humans are better off if it’s like that. Fortunately, the situation isn’t too bad, and those fellows don’t dare to come to the Saint Beast Mountain Range. These beasts actually have more backbone than humans, and were not bribed by the Hell Devil Emperor." Although she said it like that, she was still worried before. But now that Chen Xiang had arrived, she suddenly felt at ease.

Ji Ling’er laughed tenderly: "You grew up so fast. I thought that when we met again, you would need me to help you raise your strength. But it seems that you are even stronger than us now."

Chen Xiang followed the two girls into the cave. The cave was simple and crude, but it was neat and tidy. The two girls were not dressed very well right now.

When Chen Xiang was much weaker than Hong Xia and Ji Ling’er, the two girls had treated him very well and even made him eat tofu. But now that Chen Xiang was as strong as them, even stronger than them, they respected him even more, because Chen Xiang was a very powerful Alchemist before, and now that he was so strong, he would definitely become a Pill Sage in the future. To have a Pill Sage friend was something many people dreamed of.

The two women poured tea for Chen Xiang and treated him extremely well. Chen Xiang, on the other hand, admired these two beauties with a smile on his face. Their clothes weren’t very pretty, which allowed them to exude a kind of natural beauty.

"We don’t want to stay here right now. Super Holy School and the rest have yet to enter the Sacred Beast Mountain Range, but they just don’t dare to come in for the time being. Their powers will grow very quickly, and with the help of the Hell Devil Emperor, they will quickly take over many large Saint realm forces, dominating the entire Saint realm before attacking Di Tian." Red Cloud said,

Chen Xiang nodded, he thought so too. This was because the Super Holy School already had a huge power in the Sacred Region, but they did not have any plans to attack Di Tian.

"You guys also know about the Hell Devil Emperor." Chen Xiang asked.

"The Hell Devil Emperor came to find us and told us a bunch of nonsense, telling us to sacrifice ourselves and help that bastard Leader of the Super Holy School become stronger. Of course we wouldn’t listen to his nonsense, so he wanted to force it on us, but we are not pushovers, so we will work together to beat him away." Ji Ling’er’s face was filled with indignation.

The Red Cloud said: "Hell Devil Emperor’s Hell Devil Envoy is really strong, and they also have a very mysterious ability of perception, able to sense the location of a lot of strong warriors. I heard that a lot of strong warriors have been found by the Hell Devil Envoy, and many of them couldn’t resist the rich conditions offered by the Hell Devil Emperor, so they joined the Super Holy School."

"Chen Xiang, can you bring us to Di Tian? Right now, we don’t have any great powers to rely on, although our strength is not bad, against such a huge being like the Super Holy School, we are just small fries. We want to be together with you."

Ji Ling’er shook Chen Xiang’s arm, pouted her mouth, and spoke softly, her cute appearance made Chen Xiang feel his bones go soft.

"Alright, alright, you’re an old granny who has lived for ten thousand years. Don’t act like a spoiled child, it’s really hard for people to take it." Chen Xiang laughed.

The fact that Chen Xiang agreed made Hong Xia and Ji Ling’er extremely happy.

Seeing the happy smiles on the two girls’ faces, Chen Xiang said: "I can bring you guys to Di Tian, but there are two things I need to clarify first, Firstly, you cannot follow me, but I will arrange for you two to join a force. Secondly, my goal here is to become a Pill Saint, before that, I need to find some high level alchemists to practice and level up.

They knew that Chen Xiang would become a Pill Saint sooner or later, but it was simply too fast now. The legendary Pill Saint, wasn’t he an old demon who had lived for tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of years?

But after they thought about it more carefully, they felt that it was a very normal thing to do with Chen Xiang.

"Ladies, you two might be able to witness the birth of a Pill Saint, hehe." Chen Xiang said with a confident smile on his face, "No, it should be you guys assisting a future Pill Saint."

Red Cloud gently smiled. "Just tell us what you want us to do."

Ji Ling’er’s expression was solemn, and said: "Even if you don’t want to die, we will definitely do our best to help you."

"Little Spirit is really loyal." Chen Xiang laughed openly: "I can’t bear to have beauties like you die for me, I’m not that kind of person either. The things you guys need to do is very simple, just like before.

"Do you guys still have the Holy stone?" Chen Xiang asked. He still had ten million kilograms of Holy stone here, and he had given some small knives to bring back to the Dragon Subduing School before. He had also given some to Xue Xianxian and the others.

"Not much." Hong Xia felt a little awkward, because Chen Xiang had left them a lot of things back then.

"It’s fine, I still have 10 million catties. How about this, you guys go buy some commonly used Tier 6 immortal pills and come back. This 10 million catties of Holy stone should be enough, right?" Chen Xiang took out a Storage bag.

Ji Ling’er frowned: "About that ... They can only buy one, and it’s not a very good one at that. Super Holy School is controlling the market for high grade pills, the price has increased by several times, they want to force some experts who are in urgent need of high grade pills to join Super Holy School. "

Seeing how powerful the Super Holy School was, Chen Xiang suddenly had a burst of motivation. He wished that he could take a walk around the Super Holy School to see what they were capable of with the help of the Hell Devil Emperor.

The corner of his mouth curled up in a cold smile, "Super Holy School, it’s best if we can take care of them in this Sacred Domain. Otherwise, they might go and harm Di Tian in the future."

"Then these ten million catties of Holy stone are enough to buy a batch of Tier 6 immortal pills. Super Holy School has already done me a huge favor, haha." Chen Xiang suddenly laughed out loud, causing Red Cloud and Ji Ling’er to be confused, but they were already used to it, because what Chen Xiang did was out of their expectations.

= = = = = Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Resume updated,

First of all, I apologize to everyone and have made them wait for a long time.

And thank you so much for caring for me, and I’m touched to see you leave a message, and thank you for your blessings,

Finally, I solemnly declare that this book has no eunuchs, that it continues to be updated, and that it remains as passionate as ever.