Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang gave 10 million Holy stone to Hong Xia and Ji Ling’er. These 10 million catties of Holy stone were not a small amount to Hong Xia and Ji Ling’er, but they could only barely afford to buy high-level elixirs whose prices had skyrocketed, causing them to feel a lot of pressure, because it was not easy to obtain them. Although it was this price on the market, it was still priceless.

Just as Hong Xia and Ji Ling’er walked out of the cave and closed the stone door, Chen Xiang suddenly teleported through space and appeared by their side.

"I’ll go with you guys. You guys have a wide range of connections, but you guys can’t compare to me in identifying medicinal ingredients."

Chen Xiang was actually worried that something might happen to them. Now that the high grade immortal medicines were all controlled by the Super Holy School, the price would skyrocket by at least ten times, so no one would buy them now. If someone were to buy them, they would definitely attract attention.

Of course, Red Cloud and Ji Ling’er would be happy to accompany Chen Xiang. Although Super Holy School wouldn’t cause trouble at the Holy Beast Mountain Range, they could still cause trouble for them. With Chen Xiang accompanying them, they wouldn’t need to be afraid.

There are also some cities in the Sacred Beast Mountain Range, but unlike the humans, they usually dig caves in a mountain, or on some huge trees. It’s said that this is the largest ancient tree in the Sacred Beast Mountain Range, and it’s even a sacred tree.

As Ji Ling’er walked, he introduced the situation of the Sacred Beast Mountain Range to Chen Xiang.

Red Cloud added, "It’s said that the owner of this holy tree is an eagle, one of the ten great beast emperors of the Saint realm."

Chen Xiang looked forward, wanting to see the gigantic Holy Tree, but a large mountain blocked his line of sight, making it difficult to see the huge tree in the distance, furthermore there was a thin mist floating in the air.

Long Xueyi suddenly said to Chen Xiang: "I have a White Dragon Sword here. Originally, the Tianlong sword was also with me, but it was loaned away that year. That guy seems to be a big bird.

Chen Xiang was not surprised. Long Xueyi could even lend out something as valuable as Divine Deity, there was nothing surprising about lending the Tianlong sword to others.

"Once we get there, we’ll be able to confirm if it’s really him. I wonder if that guy will return it to me." Long Xueyi said: "That guy is not easy to deal with."

"Right now, all I am missing is the Tianlong sword and the White Dragon Sword to be able to gather all of the Seven Dragons Sword. So what exactly is going on with this Seven Dragons Sword?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I don’t know, but in short, my White Dragon Sword appeared by my side all of a sudden, and then the White Dragon Sword led me to search for the Tianlong sword. At that time, the other six dragons were like me, and they were guided by the Dragon Sword in their hands to search for the Tianlong sword. Long Xueyi was extremely proud of himself when he mentioned this.

Chen Xiang scolded in a low voice: "It’s not easy to get this thing to lend to others." UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Long Xueyi snorted: "They didn’t just casually lend it to me. That guy exchanged a bunch of Holy Fruits with me. If I had met you earlier, I wouldn’t have even bothered to look at him.

Chen Xiang had already guessed that she only lent the Tianlong sword out because she was greedy, but now that he and Long Xueyi had good abilities, it shouldn’t be hard for them to take back the Tianlong sword.

"I wonder what will happen if we gather all the Seven Dragons Sword." Chen Xiang was very curious about this.

"I also want to know, when we six dragons met back then, not only was it a competition for the Tianlong sword, we also wanted to snatch away all the other dragons’ holy swords, but we did not succeed. I only knew that the green dragon gave his Azure Dragon Sword to the Old Jiang in the end." Long Xueyi said.

When Chen Xiang entered the Emperor’s Tomb, he defeated a spirit body that became him and obtained the Azure Dragon Sword.

After going over more than ten mountains that were as tall as the clouds, Chen Xiang and the others finally saw the ancient holy tree. From the top of the mountain, the gigantic green crown of the tree looked like a green dome that shrouded a large piece of land.

Chen Xiang stood at the top of the tall mountain. The clouds had already reached the top of the clouds, and only reached the middle of the mountain. This mountain could be considered very tall, but the tree was even taller, and the crown of the tree looked like it had been propped up by a thick tree trunk.

Even if Chen Xiang and the others were at the summit of the mountain, they would still have to raise their heads and look at the treetop that seemed to connect into the starry sky.

"So high." Chen Xiang was stunned for a while, then exclaimed:

"Is everyone on top of that tree? Let’s fly up." Just as Chen Xiang finished speaking, Ji Ling’er and Hong Xia immediately pulled on him, worried that he would fly over.

Red Cloud anxiously said: "We can’t fly, we can only go up through the Transmission array in the trunk, and that is the top tree, there are a total of three crowns, we can only go to the middle tree."

Ji Ling’er said, "The treetop in the middle is beneath the clouds. We’ll be able to see it once we go down the mountain."

Chen Xiang laughed: "What a strange tree."

The trunk of this giant tree was as big as the sky. The branches that made up its crown were even thicker, and each branch was as thick as a large river.

After descending the mountain, Chen Xiang indeed saw two treetops at the bottom. The lowest one was around ten thousand meters tall while the middle one was hidden in the clouds.

"Why can’t I go to the top one?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Because the Beast King is up there. That is his lair, if we recklessly go there, we will be killed." said. At this moment, she and Red Cloud were tightly holding onto Chen Xiang’s arm, worried that Chen Xiang would fly up, because Chen Xiang’s current fearless expression made them very worried.

When he approached the holy tree, Chen Xiang realized that the tree had a natural transparent barrier that protected the whole tree from being destroyed. Of course, if it was destroyed inside the tree, it would be punished by the tree manager.

"There must be a lot of good stuff underneath this holy tree." Long Xueyi muttered: "The biggest possibility is that there is a high quality Holy stone mine below. No wonder when that guy gave me that many Holy Fruits back then, he did not even bat an eye. If I knew earlier, he would have given me a little more."

If she did not meet Chen Xiang, Long Xueyi would have definitely thought of the holy fruit on the tree. Now that Chen Xiang was a cultivator with the Alive Slain Method, he was able to create many holy fruits, and she was too lazy to obtain them herself.

At the bottom of the huge tree trunk, thick tree roots protruded out from the ground, causing gorges to appear on the ground. At the bottom of the huge tree trunk, thick tree roots rose up from the ground, causing gorges to appear on the ground.