Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The tree trunk in front had a very small crack, which looked like it was naturally formed. From afar, it looked very small, but from a closer look, it was more than enough for a giant dragon to drill into it.

Chen Xiang faintly felt that this Tree Holy Tree was very close to the legendary Divine Tree. The Earth tree he met in the Core of the Earth was not as big as this one, but the aura emitted by these two trees made him feel that they were very similar.

There were many people walking in and out of the huge crack on the tree trunk. Some of them were Saint Beasts in human form, but there were more humans than Saint Beasts. This made people feel strange. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Hong Xia and Ji Ling’er were already very familiar with the place. They brought Chen Xiang light carriage and entered the gigantic Transmitting Square inside the tree trunk.

The Transmission array here was free, because all the energy in this place originated from this holy tree, which made Chen Xiang feel that it was not bad. After all, after a large force took control of an area, they would charge the same amount of teleportation fees to obtain it.

Chen Xiang and the other two used the Transmission array to go up a thick branch. On top of this branch, there was a small city, about a hundred thousand people of the same size, and straight branches that were growing diagonally, to the point that one could see the end of it with a glance. In the middle of this thick branch was a wide street, and even though there were a large number of constructs on both sides of the road, it still gave off a very spacious and stable feeling.

There were many branches on the second crown of this holy tree, but not every branch could be used to build a city.

"It looks like there are a lot of them." Chen Xiang said in a low voice. He could see the end of the building at a glance, and those long branches could not be seen at the end.

"This kind of thick and short branches are the most stable. If we want to buy medicinal ingredients, we need to find a person here." At this moment, she and Ji Ling’er had become extremely vigilant. They had already changed their appearances, and they were still wanted, even if they were to be exposed in the Holy Beast Mountain Range, it would bring them a lot of trouble.

Chen Xiang’s current thoughts were all on the highest treetop, because there was a Beast King there, so there was a high possibility that Long Xueyi’s Tianlong sword was there. Right now, Long Xueyi was already using the Heaven tour method to investigate.

"If you want to go to the top floor, what do you need to do?" Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to Ji Ling’er and Hong Xia, causing the two girls’ delicate bodies to tremble.

"That’s the Eagle Emperor’s nest. Legends say that the place above is where the fruits are, and all the fruits are Holy Fruits. Do you think you can go up there easily? Red Cloud said,

"Don’t worry, I’m just asking." Seeing the two girls being so worried, Chen Xiang laughed, and continued to follow the two girls towards a five story tall wooden tower.

The building rules here are only made of wood, no other materials are allowed.

"Eagle Emperor, that should be right. That guy is an eagle ..." Long Xueyi said: "In my impression, that guy was a very eccentric Green Haired Eagle."

"Green feathers, they are indeed very rare." Chen Xiang asked: "Did you find anything?"

"We can’t detect it. The top layer of the natural formation is too strong and hard to break through. If you used a spatial teleportation, it should be possible." Long Xueyi said.

Right now, Chen Xiang did not have any plans to take action, because Long Xueyi did not know much about the Green Haired Eagle and was not certain that the Tianlong sword was still in the hands of the Green Haired Eagle. Even if it was, the Green Haired Eagle would probably go back on its words and start attacking him again.

Therefore, Chen Xiang would not take the risk before he had fully investigated her.

His current strength was not weak either, if he also borrowed Long Xueyi’s power, he would be even more terrifying. Even if he faced the Beast King, he could still preserve his life if he couldn’t defeat it.

"We’re here, leave the rest to us. If you want to fight, then you can do it." Ji Ling’er sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang nodded his head, and followed behind the two girls, stepping into the door. The moment they entered, a few strong auras rushed over, and probed back and forth on their bodies, because they were stronger, and thus attracted the attention of some of the stronger guardians inside the tower.

"Please come in, my two esteemed guests." An old man walked over with a smile, and spoke extremely politely to Hong Xia and Ji Ling’er, but Chen Xiang was only a follower in his eyes, because looking at their Profound Spirit Qi, Hong Xia and Ji Ling’er were extremely strong.

The status of women was not high to begin with. To be able to become so strong meant that she had a higher position. Even if it was men, after being heavily groomed by powerful forces, they would not have as much strength as Red Cloud and Ji Ling’er.

Hong Xia and Ji Ling’er merely nodded slightly before walking to a door, bringing Chen Xiang to a luxurious living room.

"Please wait a moment, the restaurant owner will arrive soon." After the old man finished speaking, he waved his hand, signaling the two seductive girls to pour some tea for Chen Xiang and the others, and then left the hall.

Chen Xiang sized up the two charming girls and discovered that they both had a snow-white tail with fluffy hair. He knew immediately that they were two foxes, no wonder they were so charming at such a young age.

It was actually a young man. This young man wore snow-white clothes and wore a long braid that hung down on his chest. Coupled with his handsome white face, he gave off an illusion that he was a girl.

The big shopkeeper was actually a youth whose gender was difficult to differentiate. Chen Xiang was quite surprised in his heart, but Red Cloud and Ji Ling’er didn’t think much of it.

The youth waited for the two fox girls to finish pouring the tea before lightly shouting, "You two may leave."

After the fox girl left, the young man smiled at Hong Xia and Ji Ling’er. That smile was a little deceptive, it made Chen Xiang feel very bad.

At this time, the young man looked at Chen Xiang, and frowned: "Are you still not going to leave?"

Ji Ling’er coldly snorted, "Duke Qing, it’s not up to you to order my men around, right?"

Seeing Ji Ling’er’s attitude, the teenager named Qing Wang became slightly angry and his expression became slightly cold, "Since you guys are looking for me for a business deal, at least respect me a little, could it be that you can’t use your own appearance?"

Chen Xiang could already tell that Hong Xia and Ji Ling’er recognized this Duke Qing, and they even had some conflicts.

"We’re not here to look for you. We’re here to look for the boss. You’re just a shopkeeper, why are you being so arrogant?" Ji Ling’er’s sudden anger made him puzzled, and the usually calm Red Cloud did not stop Ji Ling’er.

Long Xueyi laughed: "This Duke Qing is only a big frog, his strength is a little strong, but there is nothing to be arrogant about."

Red Cloud calmly said, "This is the business of a five million jin Holy stone. You should quickly go and call your boss over."

A five million jin Holy stone was a large number, even the powerful head storekeeper couldn’t make the decision.

"Hmph, don’t think that you will be safe in the Holy Beast Mountain Range, and don’t think that you can look down on everyone just because you have a few Holy stone. Just you wait." After saying that, he angrily left the living room.