Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Eagle Emperor was very confident in this holy tree. It would even be very difficult for him to cut it down, let alone the others.

Long Xueyi was currently very angry. This Eagle Emperor actually dared to act shamelessly and blatantly, he did not plan to return the Tianlong sword to her.

"I’ll give you one more chance. If you don’t return the Tianlong sword to me, you have to bear the consequences." Long Xueyi shouted angrily, the power of the Heavenly Dragon on her body continued to surge out along with her anger. The wind blew until the crown of the tree in the middle of the tree started to shake violently, when everyone saw how terrifying the woman was, they immediately fled.

The Eagle Emperor was already an extremely powerful existence in their eyes, but the Eagle Emperor did not dare to face Long Xueyi alone. They had to hide even if they wanted to, which showed just how terrifying this beautiful woman was.

As a Beast King, the Eagle Emperor was equivalent to a human Strong of Lord Stage. He would rather offend Long Xueyi than return the Tianlong sword to him.

"You have the guts to come and snatch it. This sword has been with me for so many years and has deep feelings for me. When I use it, it feels like it’s connected to my flesh and blood. You can only blame yourself for being irresponsible and not taking it when it expires." Eagle Emperor’s voice came from above, causing Long Xueyi to become even more furious.

"You Green Haired Eagle, you’re being unreasonable." Long Xueyi’s face suddenly became calm, and I could tell that she was completely enraged. She looked at Chen Xiang and shouted: "Cut off this tree, I want to see if it is a Tianlong sword’s treasure or this tree’s treasure in his eyes."

The holy tree was extremely thick, and it was even larger than several huge mountains. It had grown for so many years, and was as hard as iron. It was truly not easy to cut through.

But Chen Xiang felt that it could be done, he nodded, "I need some time, and I do not wish to be disturbed."

Long Xueyi’s expression was solemn, he glared angrily at the sky and said coldly: "Don’t worry, I guarantee that he won’t disturb you. Moreover, I will also snatch the Tianlong sword back from his hands.

The Eagle Emperor knew that Chen Xiang was very powerful. At this moment, he also wanted to see how Chen Xiang would break his holy tree.

Chen Xiang immediately jumped down from the tree branch and landed on the ground.

Normally, he was in charge of taking care of the holy tree, so he was extremely strong. Now that he was called over by the Eagle Emperor to deal with Chen Xiang, although the tree was very hard to break, the Eagle Emperor did not want anyone to damage the tree, so he sent a few of his subordinates to stop Chen Xiang.

Long Xueyi, who was above, split a strand of his divine soul to inspect Chen Xiang’s situation, and flew to the crown of the holy tree together with him. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"Don’t even think of getting close to him, Dragon Net."

Chen Xiang originally wanted to help, but after hearing Long Xueyi’s voice, he knew that he wouldn’t need to focus on this matter, Long Xueyi would help him settle it.

Eagle Emperor had sent over ten giant black eagles, all of them were powerful Holy Beasts. They were flying over from all directions, but were suddenly enveloped by a light net, the light net’s threads were all tiny dragon patterns. They looked extremely powerful, spraying out waves of dragon Qi.

Chen Xiang looked at the light webs in the sky and smiled slightly, he took out the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and injected some powerful energy into it, causing the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword to grow big quickly. As it did so, the blade’s body emitted a piercing green light, the deafening dragon roars caused the thick branches of the holy tree to shake frantically, the majestic Green Dragon Blade Qi rising up to the sky, causing the people on the tree branches to feel an indescribable fear, and they all left the holy tree through the Transmission array.

"Why would the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword appear here?" Seeing that the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword was getting bigger, and that the blade aura was filled with killing intent, the Eagle Emperor was shocked. He suddenly felt that the aura was very familiar, but also felt that it was a little strange.

"Heaven Earth Killing Method, this is the killing power of the heaven and earth." Eagle Emperor never thought that Chen Xiang would be so secretive. Not only did he have his own Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, he also cultivated the Heaven Earth Killing Method.

"Quickly stop." Eagle Emperor suddenly roared out, releasing a sharp roar, the sound waves transforming into a powerful force, rushing straight into the ground, striking towards Chen Xiang.

"Celestial Dragon Cover!" Long Xueyi had guaranteed that she wouldn’t be disturbed by this. Seeing the Eagle Emperor make a move, she released the power of her Heavenly Dragon form into a transparent dragon, coiling around Chen Xiang and forming a protective shield.

The terrifying sound wave released by the Eagle Emperor struck onto Long Xueyi’s Sky Dragon Barrier and actually bounced back, with the direction of its rebound being controlled by Long Xueyi. She controlled the sound wave’s power, which did not weaken in the slightest, and rushed towards the first tree top, instantly eliminating tens of thick branches.

The branches fell down like mountain ranges, rumbling and falling to the ground, causing the ground to shake. The rumbling sound seemed as if it was going to split the sky.

Only now did Eagle Emperor realize that he had underestimated the strength of Long Xueyi and Chen Xiang, especially Long Xueyi, who was so strong even without his Divine Deity;

"Green Hawk, I’ve found you."

When was attacking Chen Xiang, she had locked onto his position, and then rushed up, instantly arriving at the top of the holy tree, standing on a tree branch, facing Eagle Emperor.

At this time, Chen Xiang’s Green dragon demon-slain broadsword had become very long, and could already cut through the thick trunk of the holy tree.

"Your precious holy tree is about to be chopped apart. Don’t you feel the slightest bit of heartache?" Long Xueyi asked, in her hand she held a white dragon sword, it was her White Dragon Sword.

"Hmph, no matter what, I won’t give you the Tianlong sword." Eagle Emperor’s face was full of determination as he said coldly: "If you have the guts, then cut down the holy tree."

Long Xueyi clenched his teeth, and said angrily: "Fine, I don’t need any more Tianlong sword, I want to capture you alive, torture you for millions of years, isn’t it just a bunch of broken Tianlong sword, it’s fine if you don’t want them."

Seeing Long Xueyi’s current state, he knew that she had made up her mind. Eagle Emperor was unavoidably worried, and immediately calculated that for the sake of the Tianlong sword, the holy tree was gone, and he might even be captured to torture. Thinking about it, he didn’t feel that it was worth it.

"Stop, I will give you the Tianlong sword, hurry up and tell that guy down there to stop." The Eagle Emperor avoided Long Xueyi’s swift and fierce sword and shouted.

Although Long Xueyi was the Heavenly Dragon Supreme Lord, and the Green-furred Eagle was the ruler here, when facing such a high and mighty Sky Dragon, he still felt a lot of pressure. Furthermore, Long Xueyi’s current strength was even stronger than his previous Divine Deity.

"You bastard, why didn’t you act like this earlier?" Long Xueyi scoffed, and immediately sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang, telling him to stop his attack.