Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

It was not easy to grow it to this extent. Receiving Long Xueyi’s sound transmission, he immediately withdrew his hand and flew up, following Long Xueyi’s aura to the top of the tree branch.

Only now did Eagle Emperor attach great importance to Chen Xiang, he faintly felt that Chen Xiang was much more terrifying than him. He never thought that after he had isolated himself for so long, such an extraordinary person had actually appeared.

"Where did your Green dragon demon-slain broadsword come from, and your Heaven Earth Killing Method. If there’s only one of these things, it would be normal. But now that it’s with you, it definitely isn’t a coincidence." Eagle Emperor asked.

"Cut the crap, hurry up and take out the Tianlong sword. All of the stuff on this brat’s body was given to him by Qi Shi, and now Qi Shi has resurrected." Long Xueyi laughed coldly: "Of course, if you’re afraid of death, you can sell your soul to the Hell Devil Emperor and exchange it for an eternal life. No one will look down on you."

Eagle Emperor snorted, took out a sword and threw it to Long Xueyi: "Now we owe each other nothing, leave quickly, I do not want to see you two again."

Chen Xiang looked at the sword in his hand carefully. It looked like a wooden sword, but it did not have any threatening aura, nor any kind of terrifying sword qi. No matter how he looked at it, it seemed to be a wooden sword carved from ordinary wood, but he could tell from Long Xueyi’s expression that this truly was the head of the Seven Dragons Sword.

"Hmph, I also don’t want to see you again. I didn’t expect your character to be so bad, if I knew earlier, I wouldn’t have lent you the Tianlong sword. Let’s go." Long Xueyi withdrew his Tianlong sword and left the holy tree with Chen Xiang.

After leaving the holy tree far behind, Long Xueyi entered the Serene Jade Ring and asked Chen Xiang to take out the other Seven Dragons Sword.

Chen Xiang still needed a bit more time to return to Red Cloud and Ji Ling’er’s cave. Right now, all of the Seven Dragons Sword had been collected, so he was very curious about what would happen.

"Is that wooden sword really a Tianlong sword?" Chen Xiang asked: "Can you let me see, I haven’t touched it yet."

"Of course, this Tianlong sword is no longer a holy sword, it should be a divine sword. I don’t usually use it. Long Xueyi released the Tianlong sword.

The moment he held it, he knew that the wooden sword was not ordinary. He waved it a few times, and at the same time, poured his divine power into it, but it was not as smooth as he had expected. When his divine power entered the Tianlong sword’s body, it was blocked by something, and his divine power was not able to circulate smoothly.

"It really is difficult to use. Any celestial sword is not that difficult." Chen Xiang returned the Tianlong sword to Long Xueyi and asked: "Put the Seven Dragons Sword together and see what reaction you have."

Long Xueyi said: "I’ll try it now."

After a while, Long Xueyi let out a dejected sigh.

"What’s wrong, is there no response from the Seven Dragons Sword together?" Chen Xiang hurriedly asked. Hearing Long Xueyi’s sigh, he also felt disappointed.

"There’s a reaction, but it’s not like what we imagined. When the Seven Dragons Sword is together, the seven sealed Dragon Souls inside will fuse together and the Spirit grain inside the holy sword will float out and then combine together. However, it doesn’t last long." Long Xueyi replied.

"Then what’s going on?" Chen Xiang frowned as he thought about it.

"I feel that the Seven Dragons Sword can only be effective when placed on something. I’ll play a bit more with it and see if I can find that thing." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang did not directly return to the cave that Red Cloud and the others were in. In order to prevent being followed by the Eagle Emperor, he changed his appearance and traveled through space several times before finally arriving at the mountain.

Red Cloud and Ji Ling’er had already returned home a long time ago. When Chen Xiang arrived at the door, he immediately used his spatial energy to enter.

Seeing that Chen Xiang had returned, Hong Xia and Ji Ling’er heaved a sigh of relief. Before they left, they heard the Eagle Emperor’s whistle that resonated through countless of mountains and rivers.

"I’m fine." Chen Xiang lightly slapped the two girls’ faces and laughed: "We can start concocting pills now. Super Holy School has raised the price of many high grade immortal pills to such a high level, if we can concoct them, the price would be very low, and we would be able to sell them very well."

Ji Ling’er stuck out his tongue: "We only have a half dead Liuyuan azure fruit right now, do you think that the Liuyuan azure Dan is beans or something?

Chen Xiang laughed but did not speak, in his eyes, they were indeed the same.

"Don’t run around during this period of time, when I come out, all of you stay here to cultivate for a while. It should be very chaotic outside, if nothing unexpected happens, the Eagle Emperor will definitely be bribed by the Hell Devil Emperor." Chen Xiang said.

Hong Xia and Ji Ling’er were very curious about what Chen Xiang had done at the holy tree, but they did not ask because Chen Xiang had become more and more mysterious in their eyes. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Chen Xiang entered the secret room and took out the low quality Liuyuan azure fruit. He cut it in half and placed it inside a jade bowl, then took out a small jade bottle and dripped some spirit liquid onto the two halves of the immortal fruit.

After using two drops, the originally terrible Liuyuan azure fruit became two, and the quality was very good.

"I never thought that using the Immortal Fruit would have such a good effect. In the future, I have to ask Qilian for more of her spirit liquid." The bottle in Chen Xiang’s hand had been fused with his and Lv Qilian’s spirit liquid, moreover, Lv Qilian had mixed it with water before.

If you don’t add some holy water to dilute it, you can use it directly on the holy fruit.

"I really want to try it." Long Xueyi said.

"Taste your ass. You have already eaten so many Sacred Heart fruit, do you still have any interest in these immortal fruits?" Chen Xiang scolded.

He cut the two Liuyuan azure fruit open, cut them into four and a half pieces, and dripped them into the spirit liquid. Very quickly, he obtained four of them.

"If only sister Meiyao was here. I missed her so much." In the past, when Chen Xiang refined a new type of pill, he would always have Su Meiyao to guide him.

"Little Scoundrel, you want to do that kind of shameful thing with her, hehe ..." Long Xueyi laughed sinisterly: "I understand."

Chen Xiang snorted, he took out the Yanlong furnace and poured the fire inside it. He heated up the pill furnace first and prepared to start concocting the pills.

Not only did he become a Saint, he also possessed the condensed Divine Deity. His control over all aspects was very strong, even if he tried to concoct pills himself, he had great confidence in himself. His goal was to concoct pills, if he couldn’t even get the immortal pills, then he wouldn’t be able to become a Pill Saint.