Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"You and I can’t be a problem to deal with the Eagle Emperor together, but if there’s one more Super Holy School from the Super Holy School or some other powerful fellow, it’ll be difficult."

Long Xueyi could see through Chen Xiang’s thoughts. He was waiting for the strong warriors who were controlling the Underworld Devil Bats to come over, hiding at the side to find an opportunity to make a move.

Chen Xiang said: "It doesn’t matter, as long as they are still here, I will meet them sooner or later."

Not long after, the number of Hell’s Magic Bats in the sky increased, and the light of the moon and stars shrouded the sky, causing the entire area to be shrouded in darkness.

"There may seem to be a lot of these Hell Devil Bats, but they are all very precious, and they are all adults. To grow to this point, it would take at least ten thousand years, and these types of Hell Devil Bats would usually be led by a Hell Bat King." Long Xueyi said: "Hell Bat King isn’t weak either, he’s as powerful as the Hell dragon, and even stronger than them."

Chen Xiang chuckled, "Eagle Emperor must have joined the Hell Devil Emperor, so these Underworld Devil Bats should have been borrowed from him and the Leader. If we kill more than half of them, it would be hard for them to explain themselves."

The Hell Devil Bats were all circling in the air, emitting an eerie sound that sent chills down one’s spine. "Aoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!"

"He’s coming." Long Xueyi shouted lightly: "Eagle Emperor has indeed come. Other than Eagle Emperor, there are three other fellows with very strong strengths, all of them are on par with Eagle Emperor."

Chen Xiang nodded. "One of them is definitely the Leader of the Super Holy School."

Even in the dark of the night, he could clearly see the few people standing at the entrance of the cave. Other than the Eagle Emperor, the other three were indeed very strong, and one of them had a pair of bat wings on his back.

Other than Eagle Emperor and Hell Bat King, there was also a white robed elderly man and a black clothed middle-aged man. That white robed elderly man was Super Holy School, Hong Xia and Ji Ling’er had once described his appearance.

"Who else is there?" Chen Xiang was suspicious, and the middle-aged man in black then told Hong Xia and Ji Ling’er. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

After Hong Xia and Ji Ling’er heard this, their expressions changed slightly.

"Who is that guy?" Long Xueyi asked anxiously.

"The Fox Emperor is a monster emperor. It’s very normal for someone as cunning as him to be bought by the Hell Devil Emperor." Red Cloud said.

However, they felt that it was very normal after thinking about it. This was because the Eagle Emperor saw Long Xueyi and Chen Xiang as having the same strength as them. In order to be absolutely safe, it would be better to have a few more strong Warriors.

Eagle Emperor and the other three stood outside the cave, not entering. They were discussing something.

"According to the information I received, the man holding the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword came from Nine Heaven World, so I am not too clear about his strength. However, there are many tricks, he knows about Heaven Earth Killing Method, and he has grasped many powerful weapons. The Hell Bat King said.

The Eagle Emperor nodded his head: "Someone who can obtain Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and can also control Heaven Earth Killing Method is definitely not simple. We must not underestimate him, and there is also that White Dragon, who is known as Heavenly Dragon Supreme Lord back then, and is also very strong."

Super Holy School looked at Hell Bat King and asked, "Are you sure they are inside?"

Hell Bat King did not answer immediately. Instead, he closed his eyes to sense the surroundings. When he opened his eyes, there were some doubts on his face.

"I can sense the blood Qi of the two women. Are they Chen Xiang’s or Bai Long’s?"

The Fox King replied, "This is not strange. Their concealing ability is very strong. I can also prevent you from sensing the blood aura. As long as you are sure that the two little girls are inside, it will be fine."

Hell Bat King was still vigilant in his heart, he said: "We already agreed that we will only bring you guys here, we won’t go in. That Chen Xiang’s Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and those techniques and treasures he has to restrain the evil spirits are very strong, I don’t want to face a guy like him."

"That’s good. The three of us will go in. You just stay outside and watch. Just don’t let them get away."

He really wanted the Holy Spirit Fire of the Red Dawn, and it was right in front of him now. Although Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi were a threat, they felt that with their tens of thousands of years of cultivation, it wouldn’t be difficult for them to catch the Red Dawn.

The one who broke through the door was Eagle Emperor. Although the cave had a powerful array formation, the Eagle Emperor’s claws just instantly shattered. Fox King and Super Holy School’s Leader immediately rushed in with Eagle Emperor following closely behind.

"The chance has come." Chen Xiang’s heart was in ecstasy, he anxiously crossed the space and arrived at the entrance of the cave, at the same time, he took out a small pagoda shining with holy light.

This was the Demon God Suppressing Pagoda.

Chen Xiang suddenly injected a surge of Devil-suppressing magic power s into the divine tower, causing it to immediately become extremely large. Following Chen Xiang’s control, the tower instantly pressed down towards Hell Bat King.

The Hell Bat King reacted very quickly, he could sense the spatial ripples in the surroundings, and immediately flew into the air, but Chen Xiang’s Demon God Suppressing Pagoda was extremely powerful. Under the control of Chen Xiang’s spatial energy, the Demon God Suppressing Pagoda instantly moved, passing through space, following Chen Xiang’s divine sense and chasing after the fleeing Hell Bat King.

He was especially afraid of Chen Xiang. When he went to Nine Heaven World, he had long heard of Chen Xiang’s mighty name, as long as it was an Evil Demon, there was no one who wasn’t afraid of the things that Chen Xiang had on him.

"You can’t run away, haha." Chen Xiang laughed out loud. The Demon God Suppressing Pagoda generated a strong suction force that became as huge as a mountain, causing the Hell Bat King and a large group of Hell Demon Bats to be sucked in through the window.

All of these things happened extremely quickly, and only now did the three people know when Chen Xiang had grabbed the Hell Bat King.

When they walked out of the cave, it was quiet outside. The horde of bats that had covered the moon and the stars had disappeared, and when the light of the stars and moon shone down, they would occasionally fly past one or two clouds and the Hell Bat King had also disappeared.

In the blink of an eye, Hell Bat King and the numerous Hell Demonic Bats disappeared without a trace. Eagle Emperor and the others only felt that it was extremely strange, through the remnant energy aura, they could clearly feel the strong Devil-suppressing magic power.

"It was Chen Xiang who did it. This fellow is really cunning, what do we do now? Hell Bat King was captured by him, Hell Devil Envoy will definitely laugh at us." The Fox Emperor’s face was filled with anger, he had actually been tricked by Chen Xiang.

Right now, their only gain was that they knew that Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi’s strength were not very terrifying. They did not dare to face them, and only dared to secretly attack Hell Bat King.

After Chen Xiang used the Demon God Slaying Pagoda to capture Hell Bat King and all the Hell Demon Bats, he teleported far away. At this moment, he was hiding in a cave and laughing.

"The Hell Bat King and the millions of Hell Devil Bats are great tonics. They contain a lot of pure and strong blood, you can refine them into high-level Blood Cores." Long Xueyi laughed.