Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The Hell Bat King’s strength was about the same as the Beast Emperors. If they could refine the blood essence in his body into a blood pill, they would definitely be Holy Pellet, but Chen Xiang was not at that level yet.

As for the other little bats, it was much simpler. He used the Devil-suppressing magic power to form a giant net, grabbed a large amount of Hell Demon Bats and threw them into the Yanlong furnace.

Hell Demon Bats had a total of five to six million, and every million, they would only concoct one blood pill. Chen Xiang spent ten days to concoct six blood pills, all of them were at least at the level of a Grade 7 immortal pill.

They were originally going to give them to Ji Ling’er and Hong Xia, but they rejected them because they weren’t of much use to them. Ji Ling’er felt that it was more appropriate to leave them to Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou.

Chen Xiang also did not eat, his thoughts were the same as Ji Ling’er.

Ji Ling’er, Red Cloud and Long Xueyi, the three girls, all left the ring at this time and roasted the high quality beast meat that Long Xueyi had stored in the cave.

Ji Ling’er and Hong Xia were extremely worried, while Long Xueyi continued to eat the beast meat without a care in the world.

"Don’t be afraid, with Little Scoundrel here, there’s nothing to worry about." Long Xueyi wanted to use that greasy jade hand to slap Chen Xiang’s face, but was slapped away by Chen Xiang.

Hong Xia sighed: "It’s all my fault. If not for the Holy Spirit Fire on me being targeted, this situation wouldn’t have happened."

Red Cloud had learned from Long Xueyi that Chen Xiang had killed an important Hell Bat King. She was worried about Chen Xiang, because it would make Hell Devil Emperor angry.

Long Xueyi laughed: "Red Cloud, Holy Spirit Fire usually have two souls, you should make good use of them."

"This... How did you know that the Holy Spirit Fire is a dual soul? This is my secret, I have never told anyone else before. " Red Cloud was very surprised. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"I’ve met two guys before. They both have Holy Spirit Fire s and they both have twin souls. I’m sure I’m aware of that." Long Xueyi said.

Hong Xia looked at Chen Xiang and said: "Chen Xiang, I want to give you a set of Holy Spirit Fire, but I don’t know what to do."

Chen Xiang was a little surprised. He shook his head and laughed: "I don’t need it, my current Fire Soul is already very powerful. Even if I get the Holy Spirit Fire, it won’t be of much use to me."

Long Xueyi nodded his head: "Giving the Holy Spirit Fire to this little scoundrel would only be a waste, the strength of the Fire Soul in his body is something even I cannot estimate, so I suggest that you give the Holy Spirit Fire to Ling’er, and then the two of you copy the little scoundrel’s Fire Soul, so that you two can wield a powerful Fire Soul."

She had mentioned this to Ji Ling’er before as well, but Ji Ling’er felt that it would be better if she gave it to Chen Xiang as they would only be able to repay him with such things. Furthermore, even if Hong Xia wanted to, she didn’t know how to give it to him.

"Mn, but I don’t know how to transfer one Holy Spirit Fire to Ling’er." Hong Xia looked at Ji Ling’er and said.

Long Xueyi replied: "Leave that to me. I’m most adept at such things." She had trained in the Dao of the Gods since she was young, and was extremely proficient in it. This was no lie.

"Wait a moment before we enter the ring. I will help you guys complete the fusion of the Holy Spirit Fire, adding the copy of little scoundrel’s Fire Soul, I’m afraid that it will take some time. At the fastest, it will take two months."

Chen Xiang said: "I can take this opportunity to refine pills, you guys take your time."

After Red Cloud and Ji Ling’er entered the ring, Long Xueyi transmitted his voice to Chen Xiang, and said with a smile, "If they could copy your Fire Soul, their strength would definitely increase greatly, especially in the area of flames."

"Well, that’s a good thing, but you seem to have another purpose." Chen Xiang suddenly felt that Long Xueyi seemed to be planning something.

And their current strength is limited, and the strength of their flames are also far from enough to refine divine weapons. However, if Hong Xia and Ji Ling’er were to help them, their results in refining the divine weapon would be twice the result with half the work they had done. "

Long Xueyi laughed: "Other than this, teach them well, they can also help you refine pills. Some powerful pill masters sometimes pass the pill furnace to their own disciples to watch over, then go do it for themselves."

"Not only that, after Red Cloud gives the Holy Spirit Fire to Ji Ling’er, as all the Holy Spirit Fire have the special surname of [Twin Twins], the separate Holy Spirit Fire in their bodies will not feel lonely. They will give birth to one more, and at that time, they will be able to give the bred Holy Spirit Fire to your Elder Sister Meng’er, Xianxian and the others."

Chen Xiang couldn’t help but admire Long Xueyi’s long-term considerations. He laughed: "As expected of the Heavenly Dragon Supreme Lord, your thinking is really thoughtful."

"Of course. If you do your best to concoct pills, I’ll help them settle their problems." Long Xueyi said proudly.

Chen Xiang used twenty days to completely refine all ten remaining Liuyuan azure fruit into pellets. This time, he succeeded in refining all of them.

Red Cloud had already successfully transferred a Holy Spirit Fire into Ji Ling’er’s body. Ji Ling’er had perfectly fused with it, and now they were all using the special surname of Holy Spirit Fire to duplicate Chen Xiang’s Fire Soul.

In order to perfectly replicate Chen Xiang’s Fire Soul, he would need Chen Xiang’s chance to provide him with a spirit soul. This was not a difficult task for Chen Xiang, as long as he rested for a few days, he would be able to recover.

It had already been more than a month since the Hell Bat King was captured by Chen Xiang and Chen Xiang had no idea what was happening outside. Now that Hong Xia and Ji Ling’er had not finished copying his Fire Soul, he didn’t want to walk around randomly to prevent any accidents.

He could only use the Heaven tour method to search around where there were people at.

After investigating for a long time, he was somewhat surprised. This was because the Infernal Realm did not make any big movements, and the alliance of the Super Holy School, Eagle Emperor and the Fox Emperor, the two Beast Kings, expanded at an increasing rate within the Sanctuary. Even the Divine Feather School felt pressure from this.

Divine Feather School’s Leader was a woman, and normally, she would not participate in battles, making a huge fortune out of it. However, Super Holy School’s ambition was very big, and she wanted to take control of everything. Therefore, Divine Feather School’s current situation was very dangerous, and if she continued to maintain a stalemate with Super Holy School, a great battle would happen sooner or later.

Although Feng Yujie was a woman, she was a Pill Saint and many Rankers in the Sanctuary would have to see her. Otherwise, if she joined the Super Holy School and was hostile to the Divine Feather School, it would be difficult for her to find Feng Yujie to refine Holy Pellets in the future.

It would not be easy for the Super Holy School to take over the Divine Feather School. Feng Yujie relied on his identity as a Pill Saint and his extensive network and connections, even if it was an expert joining the Super Holy School, he did not want to offend her.

"Aunt Feng is currently sister Meiyao and Sister You You You’s mother. We have to think of a way to help her." Chen Xiang said: "She can still drag it out for a while. She should be more than enough for us to prepare."

Long Xueyi said: "If you want to help her, the best way is to directly eliminate Super Holy School.