Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang really wanted to see Su Meiyao. Hearing Feng Yujie’s words, he was rather disappointed.

"Aunt Feng, I just came over from Yan Clan." Chen Xiang said.

"Yan Clan, what are you doing there?" Feng Yujie had been paying attention to the Yan Clan during this period of time because the situation was similar to hers and her Divine Feather School. It was just that the current Divine Feather School was much better than the one before, and not sealed by the Super Holy School.

"I’ll go there to sell the Liuyuan azure Dan ... I intend to join hands with them to deal with Super Holy School, would you like to join us? " Chen Xiang asked.

"You talked it over with them." Feng Yujie’s heart skipped a beat. Of course she wanted to join, what she wished for was for her to join them. Now that she understood why Chen Xiang had come, Chen Xiang must have considered about the plight of her Divine Feather School.

Chen Xiang laughed: "We have already discussed this, the patriarch of Yan Clan should be here to discuss about the matter of cooperation with you very soon, but this matter should be kept a secret, don’t let the Super Holy School find out about the alliance between you two."

At the very least, when they start a fight, it wasn’t time for me to face the Super Holy School alone. Feng Yujie revealed a pleased smile on his face: "What happened in the Sacred Beasts Ancient Realm a while ago, was it you, kid, who did it?"

"Hehe, there’s nothing we can do about it. Who allowed those guys to be so arrogant?"

When Feng Yujie first heard that the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword had appeared at the holy tree, she knew it was Chen Xiang’s doing. Besides, Hong Xia and Ji Ling’er were also there.

"Aunt Feng, how many pills do you have here? I want some, not too many, just a thousand each for Tier 2, Tier 3, or Tier 4 immortal pills. I plan to sell them in Yan City, but the price will be a little lower than in Super Holy School." Chen Xiang said. If Feng Yujie had it, he wouldn’t have to refine it himself and could quickly sell his Liuyuan azure Dan. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"I don’t have many pills here, but I do have a lot of medicinal ingredients. Although the price of the medicinal ingredients are very high now, with my many years of connections, even if I rely on the alchemy powers in the Super Holy School, they would all secretly sell to me for a cheap price." Feng Yujie said: "Your pill refining speed is so fast, I can just give you the ingredients, furthermore you have so many pills in one furnace."

"Oh right, you can refine Liuyuan azure Dan now."

Chen Xiang laughed: "Didn’t I say it earlier? How about we compete?"

When Feng Yujie lost to Chen Xiang last time, she already had a shadow in her heart. If it was another person compared to him, she would be full of confidence.

"Forget it, just in case I get attacked by you." Feng Yujie scoffed.

"Aunt Feng, you are the Pill Saint. You should have some confidence." Chen Xiang laughed.

Feng Yujie rolled his eyes at Chen Xiang, and said: "It’s normal if you lose to me, but if I lose again, there will be a devil in my heart, and I still won’t be able to win."

"Aunt Feng, what kind of conditions did Super Holy School give you when they tried to rope you in?" Chen Xiang asked.

"The conditions are good, they agreed to give me five types of Holy level medicinal herbs, but I already have them all, adding on to that, you have that kind of heaven defying ability, I think I won’t lack any Holy level medicinal herbs in the future." Feng Yujie said: "They don’t want to control my Divine Feather School, they just want me to join their Super Holy School, and my Divine Feather School is also a reader. They only want the outside world to think that I, too, am under their control, creating a false impression that my Super Holy School is very powerful."

"In that case, they don’t need you to work for them."

The Hell Devil Envoy came here to talk to me, but I haven’t seen the Hell Devil Envoy at all, and the Hell Devil Emperor can’t come here either, his strength is only so, I am not afraid of them, and can only ask me to sell my soul. I can’t do it, but maybe one day I will get lucky and enter the Gods Realm. Feng Yujie giggled: "With your help, it’s very possible that I’ll enter Gods Realm."

The Gods Realm was a place that the likes of Feng Yujie and the rest, who had reached the pinnacle, yearned for. If he sold his soul to the Hell Devil Emperor, then there would be no hope of entering the Gods Realm at all.

Chen Xiang thought for a while, then said: "If I’m the only one who goes to Gods Realm, then it’s fine if I don’t go. I’m too lonely."

"That’s true. I heard that you have quite a few women, so you can’t bear to part with them, right?" Feng Yujie said with a smile.

"When the time comes, I might be able to bring them up with me. I wonder if there will be any consequences." Chen Xiang touched the ring on his finger: "If we go to the Gods Realm, under the influence of that place, my powers will definitely increase very quickly."

Feng Yujie shook his head: "When we go to Gods Realm, I will need the God’s guidance. I heard that all the divine treasures and weapons will be taken away, so putting people in storage rings is not possible."

"This is a matter for the future, let’s talk about it in the future. Moreover, we don’t know much about the Gods Realm." Chen Xiang spread his hands.

Chen Xiang asked for a secret room from Feng Yujie, and then took the medicinal ingredients Feng Yujie gave him to refine the pills. At the moment, the situation between Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou was a bit more complicated, after consuming the Holy Pellet, not only did his injuries recover, but his strength would also increase rapidly. He didn’t know when he would come out of seclusion, so he could only wait patiently.

After staying in the secret room for more than ten days, Red Cloud and Ji Ling’er had already successfully replicated his Fire Soul. Furthermore, they had stabilized and could use strong flames.

Seeing Chen Xiang coming out of the secret room with Ji Ling’er and Red Cloud, Feng Yujie guessed that they had been staying in Chen Xiang’s Storage magic treasure the entire time.

"The last time I saw you, you didn’t seem to have this powerful flame aura."

Feng Yujie was a Pill Saint and had an extremely high fire cultivation. Although Red Cloud and Ji Ling’er had very strong flames, they were still very unfamiliar with controlling it, and it was difficult for Feng Yujie to suppress that aura, so it was much easier for Feng Yujie to see them.

Chen Xiang asked the two girls to tell him the details. Feng Yujie was not an outsider and was a Pill Saint, it would be best if he could be honest with her.

When Feng Yujie heard about it, she was shocked. She knew that the Holy Spirit Fire was very mysterious, but she never expected it to be even stronger than she had imagined.

"Aunt Feng, you have nothing better to do right now anyways, so you should just teach them the basics of refining pills. They are all very smart, and should be able to grasp it very quickly." Chen Xiang said.

"It’s fine for them to learn alchemy from me, but if they want to take me as their master, then I won’t casually pass down my alchemy skills to others." Feng Yujie laughed slyly.

Earlier, Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou were taken in by her as foster daughters, and now, Ji Ling’er and Red Cloud were taken in by her as disciples ...

"Of course, I prefer them to be my daughters." Feng Yujie’s smile was extremely playful.