Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Aunt Feng, if I were to see your true appearance, what would happen to me?" Chen Xiang was very curious about this, "You probably won’t harm me, right?"

Feng Yujie laughed: "Of course I won’t harm you, if you were to see my appearance right now, with your cultivation in the divine way, the consequences wouldn’t be too serious. At most, when you restrain my enticing power, your mind would be severely injured." Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"What if I don’t resist your charm?" Chen Xiang asked again.

"I don’t know what you’re talking about. If it’s any other man, they’ll listen to whatever I say. In their spiritual world, I’m their god, completely under their control. I’ll even turn into a walking corpse, only listening to my commands." Feng Yujie suddenly appeared behind Chen Xiang, gently blowing on his ear, laughing: "Do you want to try?"

Chen Xiang fiercely jumped away, maintaining a distance from her, his face filled with fear, and said: "Where did you learn this from, isn’t this a little too demonic?"

Seeing how scared Chen Xiang was now, Feng Yujie giggled: "This is someone’s innate ability, I didn’t learn anything."

Chen Xiang said: "I heard that the Mei Emperor’s woman who was bewitched was also very powerful."

Feng Yujie nodded, and said with a stern expression: "That’s right, back then Meiyao and You You You were almost controlled by her."

"Then is Mei Emperor a man or a woman?"

"It’s a woman. I’m not afraid to tell you that we were born on the same day. We lived together for a period of time." Feng Yujie sighed, a complicated look in her eyes, it seemed like her relationship with Mei Emperor was not simple.

"Are you two sisters?" Mei Emperor and Feng Yujie both had this special ability, and they were both born on the same day, so Chen Xiang had asked her this question.

"It’s not a sister, we were not born like normal people. I only remember that I stayed very close to a crystal, and when I grew up to become a little girl, I broke open the crystal ball and came to this world, and Mei Emperor also came to me on the same day, only that the crystal ball that gave birth to her was not a crystal ball, but a black ball instead."

"The process of your birth is not ordinary either, you all popped out from the stone." Chen Xiang laughed, "Your origins are really mysterious."

Feng Yujie rolled her eyes at him: "Alright, do what you need to do. I have a lot of work to do right now."

"Yeah, help me pay attention to the Tier 7 and above immortal medicines. If possible, you’d better help me buy them first." Chen Xiang said: "I will go to the wilderness to try my luck, see if I can find wild immortal medicine."

After leaving the Divine Feather School, Chen Xiang didn’t know where to find wild immortal medicine, so he could only ask around. After that, he followed a group of people to a more dangerous place in the Sacred Region called Nine Spirit Heavenly Sea.

The Nine Spirit Heavenly Sea was actually an extremely huge lake in the interior of the continent. Even if an immortal was to speed up, it would still take more than ten years to cross, which was why it was called the sea. From this, it could be seen that the Sacred Domain was extremely huge, as if it had no boundaries.

It was said that there were many islands in the Nine Spirit Heavenly Sea that had not been discovered yet. Because no humans had set foot on these islands all year round, there were many rare and ancient immortal medicines that grew on these islands, and there were also many instances of holy medicines being found in these islands.

Chen Xiang came to a small town beside the Nine Spirit Heavenly Sea. He stood on the shore and looked at the endless Nine Spirit Heavenly Sea, waves after waves of cool breeze blew over, landing on his face, causing him to feel very comfortable. He sat comfortably on a rock, enjoying the caress of the sea breeze.

"Little Naughty Dragon, what do you think I should do to resist Feng Yujie’s charm? If I can’t deal with her, I can’t think of a way to deal with Mei Emperor either."

This was the knot in Chen Xiang’s heart. He had always thought that his ability to resist the temptation was not bad, but after seeing Feng Yujie’s portrait, he was no longer that confident.

"I had thought of a way to deal with it before, and sealed off my own vision, but after thinking about it again, I felt that it was useless. This is because Feng Yujie’s innate charm directly penetrated into your soul, and even if you don’t look, it would be able to penetrate into your mind." Long Xueyi said: "At the moment, there’s no way to resist her enticing power."

"However, there’s a huge difference in strength between you and her now. Even though you possess the shaped Divine Deity, your cultivation is not profound enough, especially in the divine way. You’re far from being comparable to an old demon like Feng Yujie who has lived for many years.

Chen Xiang was a little dejected before, but after hearing what Long Xueyi said, he knew that there was only one way left to him, and that was to raise his strength, raise his cultivation, and make his soul stronger.

"Once I refine the Holy Elixir, my cultivation will be able to catch up very quickly."

Chen Xiang encouraged himself inwardly before looking at the boundless sea in front of him. With a loud shout, he rushed up into the sky, flying quickly above the sea as he searched for islands that were bearing immortal medicines.

Chen Xiang would not land even if he saw one. Right now, he was going to find an island with a city built on top of it. He would go up to the island and inquire about some information.

He flew for more than ten days and saw a relatively large island. On it, there was a small city without Transmission array, but there were many people who were looking for treasures in Nine Spirit Heavenly Sea, many of them being powerful Sacred Immortals.

"Nine Spirit Heavenly Sea is a huge treasure trove. There should be a lot of Holy stone lode hidden deep under the sea, and there should be some kind of great power hiding in the Nine Spirit Heavenly Sea." Long Xueyi said: "Super Holy School should have already extended his hand here."

Those who dared to come to the Nine Spirit Heavenly Sea were all very courageous people. After entering the Nine Spirit Heavenly Sea, it meant that they had half a foot in a coffin, and sometimes, even if they were flying in the sky, they would still meet some strong flying beasts, which were extremely dangerous.

Therefore, everyone in this city had a valiant aura.

Chen Xiang only walked here for half a day to have a rough understanding of the Nine Spirit Heavenly Sea. For example, in this city, there would be some bounty missions, such as killing sea beasts, searching for deep sea mines, finding island immortal medicines, and so on. These were all huge bounties.

Right now, Chen Xiang was in the Western Sea, and the overlord of the Western Sea was the Divine Shock Sect. It was said that their strength was on par with the current Super Holy School, and they were working for the Hell Devil Emperor, but they were not under the control of the Super Holy School.