Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang never thought that there would actually be a hidden colossus that could rival the Super Holy School s here. And this was merely the western sea of the Nine Spirit Heavenly Sea s.

"If the Hell Devil Emperor controls the great powers in the Sacred Domain, if we start a big battle and attack the Nine Heaven World, it will definitely be a tough battle." Long Xueyi sighed: "I hope that Nine Heaven World can quickly become stronger. In these past few years, Nine Heaven World has not been able to develop much, but these Endless Heaven Realm have developed so quickly."

Chen Xiang said, "Currently, Di Tian’s Holy Spirit Qi is increasing every day, and it won’t be long before he can surpass all these Endless Heaven Realm. He can definitely produce many strong warriors, but it will take a while."

This island was still too small, Chen Xiang did not have any gains. Right now, he was at the west sea island with a relatively large number of people, it was the headquarters of the Shinto Sect, a huge island with tens of millions of people on it.

Chen Xiang spent more than ten days before arriving at Heavenly Waves Island. There were indeed a lot of people there, and many of them stayed here for a long time. Of course, most of them came from the various islands in the Nine Spirit Heavenly Sea, as well as the other places on the Sacred Land.

As soon as he entered the city, he heard people talking about something strange. It seemed that there was an extremely tense atmosphere hanging over the entire island.

In the notice board at the city gate, many people were gathered here to watch the bounty being posted.

"Recently, many old fellows appeared in the Western Sea. They were all Saint realm experts. Those originally domineering Saint Lords were now so scared that they didn’t even dare to fart." An old man laughed.

Didn’t the Divine Wave Sect already declare their loyalty to the Hell Devil Emperor? If the Super Holy School dared to come here, they would not be afraid that the Hell Devil Emperor would blame them. " a man asked in surprise.

In the Absolute Monarch Sanctuary, one could become a Saint Immortal after having undergone nine transformations. Above the Saint Immortal, the Saint Lord was the Saint Lord, and the Saint realm experts such as Feng Yujie, the Leader s, the Eagle Emperor s, and the fox emperors were all Saint Rulers.

According to strength, Chen Xiang was only a Holy Lord right now, stronger than many Holy Immortals, but not as strong as the Holy Master.

Now that the Holy Knights were gathered in the Western Sea, Chen Xiang was also somewhat anticipating the upcoming grand show.

"No, I heard that they are here to kill a person, and the person who placed this bounty was the Hell Devil Emperor."

The old man’s words surprised Chen Xiang. The Hell Devil Emperor had placed a bounty on someone to be killed, and that person was in the Western Sea. What kind of background was this?

While Chen Xiang was guessing in his heart, the old man continued, "This person is very powerful. Previously, when he messed up the holy tree in the Sacred Beast Mountain Range, he almost chopped off the Eagle Emperor’s old lair. Furthermore, he killed one of Hell Devil Emperor’s Hades, and this person is the biggest stumbling block in Hell Devil Emperor’s control over the Sacred Domain.

Chen Xiang was shocked, the person who was being killed by the Hell Devil Emperor’s bounty was actually him.

"Senior, did you come to the Western Sea to kill that person as well?" Chen Xiang asked, he could tell that the old man was powerful, and was a Holy Lord.

"Of course not, that’s something that the Holy Master did, I just wanted to try my luck, and many Sacred Masters know about this matter, as long as we can kill that person, we can obtain the Divine Deity bestowed to us by the Hell Devil Emperor." The old man shook his head and smiled, "It’s a pity that I am a Saint Lord, so I cannot find out where that person is from Hell Devil Envoy."

The people watching the notice were all stunned. The Hell Devil Emperor actually took out the Divine Deity as compensation?

Chen Xiang secretly took a deep breath, his current situation was extremely dangerous.

"Old senior, how is that Hell Devil Envoy so powerful to actually know where that person is?" Chen Xiang was very confident in his concealing ability, but the old man spoke as if the Hell Devil Envoy knew of his exact location.

"To tell you the truth, I came here from the Southern Ocean with our Leader. Leader only said that Hell Devil Emperor paid a huge price and placed a curse on that person’s body so that we would know his location at any time. After that, we can tell Hell Devil Envoy where he is before Hell Devil Envoy and then we can tell the Saints." The old man said.

At this time, a man shouted out, "South Sea, Senior, could it be that you come from the South Sea Holy Sword Sect?"

"Exactly." The old man smiled.

Chen Xiang cursed in his heart. He never thought that this Hell Devil Emperor would pay so much attention to him, pay a huge price and place an unknown curse on him. Then, take out a set of Divine Deity as a reward, in order to kill him. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Long Xueyi said: "This is pretty much the same as Qi Shi back then, only that the Hell Devil Emperor attacked late. Do you remember the Earth’s Core Race that couldn’t see the sun?

Chen Xiang said: "Can’t he just use a curse to kill me?"

"Of course not, if possible, you would have already died, although there is this kind of curse, but it is not suitable for you." Of course not, if possible, you would have already died, but there would be this kind of curse, but it is not appropriate for you to use this kind of curse on your body. Long Xueyi said.

"Just how did this guy do it? There’s a space between us, and he hasn’t even seen me before. To be able to directly cast a spell on me, isn’t that too outrageous." Chen Xiang still found it hard to believe.

"Him being able to curse you means that he already hates you to a certain extent. This is also one of the important conditions to do so. Only when his hatred reaches a certain point can he use the curse." Long Xueyi said: "Back then, the Iron Lion Army and the Duan Clan had repeatedly destroyed his plans, which was why they were cursed."

Chen Xiang scolded himself: "So despicable."

Long Xueyi laughed: "You are right, it is not a curse that makes people want to kill you. Then, Hell Devil Emperor will have to pay a huge price to place the curse, as for what price it is, I do not know."

Now that he had been hunted by a large group of Holy Saints, Chen Xiang was extremely depressed. Although he had Divine Deity and Long Xueyi was by his side, facing a large group of Holy Saints, he could only flee.

Before he even played around in the city, Chen Xiang had already rushed out of the city, flying towards the deep sea at an extremely fast speed. He wasn’t too worried, after all he had assimilated with the spatial Rule spiritual bead.

Chen Xiang now understood why Ten Heavens Supreme Lord went to hell all those years ago. Hell Devil Emperor was only relying on his strength as a god, he had gone too far in bullying others.