Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

The Hell Devil Emperor was unable to come to the Nine Heaven World, but through the resources he possessed and his powerful strength, he was able to gain a great deal of influence in the Nine Heaven World and the Endless Heaven Realm.

Directly interfering with the normal operation of these worlds, not only did Gods Realm not punish him, he did not even stop him. This made Chen Xiang angry in his heart, he felt that the Gods Realm was deliberately allowing the Hell Devil Emperor to do this, so there was no need for this kind of Gods Realm to exist.

"I will pay attention to your surroundings at all times. As long as anyone approaches, I will be able to sense them within a hundred miles. Especially those people with powerful strength. It is easier for me to discover them." Long Xueyi said.

"If there are too many Sacred Masters chasing after me, I can only temporarily escape. If there are one or two of them, you can make a move too. If you want to let them know, killing me to change Divine Deity won’t be that easy." Chen Xiang sneered, he could not wait to see a Divine realm expert appear right now. With his and Long Xueyi’s strength, even if they could not kill each other, it would be fine to let the other party suffer a small loss.

Regarding the curse on the Hell Devil Emperor, Chen Xiang did not feel that there was anything wrong with his body, nor did he know how well the Hell Devil Emperor grasped his position.

Chen Xiang flew above the Nine Spirit Heavenly Sea, and below him was a huge stretch of land. He flew for many days, but still could not find any lively islands, all of which were destroyed by people.

Originally, Chen Xiang was still a little nervous, being chased and beaten up by a group of powerful Saint Masters was not an easy task, but ten days had passed and no one came chasing after him. This made Chen Xiang feel much less pressured, and was able to concentrate on searching for the island where the growth medicine was coming from.

However, just as he was relaxing his vigilance, both he and Long Xueyi suddenly sensed an extremely sharp Qi approaching them, and it was even somewhat familiar.

"This aura seems to have come from that new Thunder Emperor of the Heavenly Region. Could it be that the other Saint Rulers have come as well?" Long Xueyi said in a shocked voice, "Only his aura is left, he should be the only one here. Do you want to deal with him?"

"Thunder Emperor." A powerful and domineering middle-aged man surfaced in Chen Xiang’s mind. Back then, he had used the Bone-melting magic palm to cripple Thunder Emperor’s son. Now that Hell Devil Emperor was using Divine Deity to place a bounty on him, it was not strange that Thunder Emperor would come to kill him.

As the strongest in the Saint Thunder Sky Realm, as well as the Thunder Emperor in charge of the Saint Thunder Sky Realm, his strength was probably much stronger than other Saint realm experts.

"Forget it, for this guy to be able to find me, it must be because of his speed. It seems like the Hell Devil Emperor is very clear on my position, if a Saint Lord were to suddenly appear while we were halfway, it would be extremely disadvantageous for me." After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he used the power of space to teleport instantly and disappeared from this area in the blink of an eye.

Chen Xiang’s current location was extremely far away from where he was just now. He estimated that even a Holy Master as fast as the Thunder Emperor would need a few days to reach him.

The space in the Heavenly Realm was not like the Nine Heaven World’s, even if it could shatter space here, space would instantly repair itself in an instant. Even the powerful Saint realm cultivators would find it difficult to travel through space as easily as Chen Xiang, although the Saint realm cultivators could travel through space, they were not far from each other and their locations were not accurate.

Chen Xiang had fused with the spatial Rule spiritual bead and was very familiar with the laws of space. He could easily use the power of space, so when he was shuttling through space, he was like a fish back in water.

"That won’t do. If I don’t kill one or two of these saints, they will think I’m scared. I have to let them know how powerful I am." Chen Xiang floated in the air with his fists clenched tightly.

Long Xueyi said: "Then let’s find one to teach him a lesson, it would be best if he can get rid of him."

Chen Xiang was still in the Western Sea right now and continued to search for those islands. He even slowed down while flying, and since the Hell Devil Emperor had control over his movements, there would be Holy Masters who would find him soon. Usually, they would be the fastest to arrive here. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

In just the past three days, Long Xueyi had already sensed that someone was rapidly approaching.

Previously, when the Thunder Emperor was approaching, Chen Xiang and he had noticed it at the same time, but now, Chen Xiang did not feel it at all, which made him feel that it was very strange.

"Why didn’t I sense it? Could it be that this fellow that came here is hiding?" Chen Xiang asked doubtfully.

"Is that so? This guy has a very arrogant aura, and that aura is extremely annoying. How is it possible that you can’t feel such an obvious aura?" Long Xueyi was also confused: "Even if I don’t want to feel it, with the force of the Qi, it would be hard for me not to sense it."

Chen Xiang did not move, but simply floated in the air, waiting for the Holy Master who had come to kill him. He had already decided that no matter the cost, he would let this Holy Saint who came to kill him learn a lesson.

He didn’t have to wait too long before that Saint arrived. He wore a white robe and carried a long sword on his back. His hair was white at the temples.

Long Xueyi and Chen Xiang couldn’t tell where he came from, but he was definitely a Saint.

"You are here to kill me." Chen Xiang asked.

It looks like you already know about the killing order issued by the Hell Devil Emperor. My luck is good, I was able to find you so quickly. The man smiled and casually held the sword on his back in his hand.

"You are from the South Sea Holy Sword Sect." Chen Xiang asked again, he was not nervous nor was he afraid, but the current easygoing look he had surprised the man.

"This should be the first time you’ve seen me. I didn’t expect you to recognize me." The man smiled slightly: "I am the Leader from the Sacred Sword Sect, Jiang Shijian."

"Jiang Shijian, this name is rather strange." Chen Xiang rubbed his nose, then looked at the ordinary looking longsword in Jiang Shijian’s hand.

"When you were fighting me, if you were to be within ten swords, your opponent would either die or lose." Jiang Shijian was still smiling, but his smile was filled with arrogance.

"So you never lost." Chen Xiang could already feel the strong sword intent from the other party.

"Not in the past, and not in the future, but now it’s even more impossible to lose." Jiang Shijian suddenly raised the sword in his hand, and aimed it at Chen Xiang’s throat, but did not stab forward.

When he met Chen Xiang, he was not in a hurry to make a move. He was not afraid of Chen Xiang running away, nor was he afraid of the other Saint Rulers coming over.

Chen Xiang laughed, a majority of people who use swords had this kind of arrogance.

"I wonder how you compare to the Sword Emperor of our Nine Heaven World?" Chen Xiang saw that the other party was not in a hurry to attack, so he did not attack in a hurry either.

"The Sword Emperor of your Nine Heaven World has disappeared a long time ago. He should be dead, and I’m the Sword Emperor now. I’ll go to the Nine Heaven World in the future and let them know who the real Sword Emperor is." Jiang Shijian laughed, seeing that Chen Xiang did not have any thoughts of fighting, he asked: "Are you trying to escape?"