Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang came to Absolute Monarch Sanctuary to become a pill saint and now that he was wanted by the Hell Devil Emperor, he couldn’t refine pills without worry. Moreover, he didn’t know when this kind of day would come to an end.

"Of course the curse can be broken. This usually requires the disappearance of the power of the curse. For example, the Duan Clan got their hands on a curse, but after a while, the power of the curse will be used up and everything will be fine." Long Xueyi said: "If we know how much curse power you have, we can just think of a way to quickly drain it."

Chen Xiang said: "As long as I move, in order to determine my position, the curse will start to activate, thus consuming the curse power. I just don’t know how much curse power there is, the curse power paid a huge price to use it on me by the Hell Devil Emperor, it definitely won’t be that simple."

Long Xueyi laughed: "Of course, there will be a way, at least right now you have a way, you know how to travel through space, plus you need to search for these islands, it will require you to move everywhere, this Nine Spirit Heavenly Sea is so big, you can go back and forth in these four areas, even if you cannot use up all the Curse energy, the Holy Saints who chase you will definitely spurt blood." Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Chen Xiang thought for a moment, then laughed: "They crossed a large ocean and just as they were about to approach me, I suddenly disappeared. It didn’t take them long before they found out that I was in another ocean, and they would definitely be angry, hehe."

"I’m young anyways, let’s see who will last long enough. Do you really think it’s so easy to get a set of Divine Deity? The reason why I got Divine Deity as a bounty was not because of my luck."

Chen Xiang, who had no other choice, could only use this method of death. He was only looking for an island with immortal pills, and did not start refining pills.

After searching for an island with immortal medicines, Chen Xiang gained some insights. As long as he found an uninhabited island, and a Holy Beast appeared, most of the immortal medicines would be on it.

During the month of being hunted, he had used this method to find Tier 1 or 2 immortal medicines. They weren’t of much use to him, and those holy beasts were weaker, he could easily kill them and then toss them to Long Xueyi to eat.

Chen Xiang had just finished eating the roasted beast meat on a small island when he sensed a few strong auras approaching him. He wiped his greasy mouth and laughed: "This group of fellows, they have been chasing for over a month and yet they have not given up. Let’s see how long they can hold out for."

With that, the space around him started to ripple. His body merged with the fluctuating space and disappeared.

Not long after he left, a burly voice came from the small island. Seeing the flames that had been extinguished and the fragrance of the grilled meat spreading in the air, the Thunder Emperor roared out, waved his hand and released a flash of lightning that struck the small island, causing it to emit an earth-shattering sound. The ocean surged, and amidst the wind and clouds, a small island was exterminated.

The Holy Master who appeared afterwards, knew that Chen Xiang had ran away when he saw the furious look on Thunder Emperor’s face. Although he was disappointed, he was still rather happy because Chen Xiang was not captured by the Thunder Emperor, otherwise, they would not be part of the Divine Deity.

Thunder Emperor wasn’t the first to arrive, because sometimes, when Chen Xiang appeared, those Sacred Masters would immediately rush over if he was closest to the other Sacred Masters. However, they had never seen any trace of Chen Xiang, so they would frequently see some leftover bones.

I can’t go on like this. It’s been more than a month since then, and only Jiang Shijian and Chen Xiang have exchanged blows. Most likely, Chen Xiang thought that he was easy to deal with, and had not been chased around by anyone else at that time. An old man with white beard and hair said.

"He always knows that I’m coming over, but we’ve all hidden ourselves very well. It seems like we need to find a better concealment technique, or else we won’t be able to catch up to him." A middle-aged man said.

After saying that, they both left. It seemed that they planned to stop their pursuit of Chen Xiang for a period of time and find a way to conceal their auras.

... ....

"Old Jiang, do you know anything about this place?" Qi Shi sat on a circular flying disc. The one controlling the flying disc was Jiang Sheng, so the two of them had already reached the Saint realm.

Jiang Sheng shook his head: "No, even if they did, they probably wouldn’t remember me, what about you?"

Qi Shi laughed: "There are a few enemies here, but that brat Chen Xiang has met with big trouble this time. Several big guys from the Heaven Realm all came here to kill him, I wonder how he feels right now."

Jiang Sheng chuckled, "He’s even better than you were back then. Even back then, when you were dealt with by the Hell Devil Emperor, you didn’t have a scale like his."

"Chen Xiang is not strong enough, and he was even kicked out of the Tracing mantra. He can run, but it won’t be long before he gets caught again, which will definitely bore him to death. Just thinking about it gives me a headache." Qi Shi laughed: "Hell Devil Emperor has become smarter now, I have to kill him before Chen Xiang matures, if not he will have a headache in the future."

Jiang Sheng asked: "How do we help him? That Tracing mantra might not be the least lethal, but it’s the lowest one. The power of the curse is hard to exhaust, and there’s no way to touch it at all."

Why are you so anxious? Let’s just let him play for a while and go meet some old acquaintances. I don’t dare to fight randomly in Di Tian for fear of damaging that place, but this is different. Qi Shi laughed out loud, the boldness of the voice caused the surrounding mountains to tremble crazily. Some of the Holy Beasts were originally very angry, but after sensing his Qi, they didn’t even dare to fart.

Jiang Sheng chuckled, "I heard that the Hell’s Eight Cavalry Emissaries are all in the Absolute Monarch Sanctuary. I want to capture one to play with."

"The eight riders in the Hell Devil Envoy are the eight White-faced Monsters riding Black Bone Dragons. They should be the ones who spread Chen Xiang’s location around." Qi Shi said.

"That’s right, we can obtain Divine Deity after killing Chen Xiang. For such a good thing, these eight riders actually didn’t find us. They really deserve a beating." Jiang Sheng laughed: "You go find your old friend and fight, I will go grab a Skeletal Dragon Devil Envoy and meet up in Super Old Sacred City."

Qi Shi suddenly laughed sinisterly: "That woman is also in Super Old Sacred City, I remember that she is some Divine Feather School. Are you trying to find her, she is so powerful that even I am a little afraid of her."

Jiang Sheng curled his lips, "Right now, I am already clear-minded and lacking in desires."

Qi Shi laughed out loud. "Old Jiang, if it weren’t for me back then, you would have almost become Mei Emperor’s slave.

"I am a man after all. Furthermore, I did not lose anything, so the taste of the Mei Emperor is still not bad." Jiang Sheng stroked his chin, his face was filled with thought.

Qi Shi snickered, "Ice Emperor and Fire Swallow City had tried to seduce her before, but you seemed to be even later than them. When I thought back to why I felt that she was so disgusting, and why is it that there seems to be someone else as well ..."

Before Qi Shi could finish, he was kicked off the Frisbee by Jiang Sheng. Jiang Sheng, who was riding the Frisbee, disappeared into the sky in the blink of an eye.