Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

This group of Holy Beasts had escaped death, so they were extremely grateful. However, when Chen Xiang asked this question, some of the Holy Beasts were not willing to part with them, Chen Xiang could tell that some of the Holy Beasts had a troubled expression.

Amongst all the Holy Beasts, there were still some who were sincerely grateful. An old man walked out and handed a small wooden box to Chen Xiang, and said: "This is the Jaded God Lingzhi, it should be a Grade Seven immortal medicine."

The old man took out the Jaded God Lingzhi. It was only the size of a palm and was as beautiful as a carved white jade. It emitted a gentle white light.

"Exactly, this is the Jaded God Lingzhi that can be refined into a Jaded Soul Pill." Chen Xiang was overjoyed. He felt that he had not saved the Holy Beasts for nothing, the Jaded Essence Pill was a kind of rare Level 7 elixir, even some of the older Dan Immortal s would not know about the existence of this elixir.

"Please wait a moment, I am only recording the appearance and will be able to return it to you soon." Chen Xiang handed the Jade God Lingzhi over to Long Xueyi, and Long Xueyi entered into the ring, using the spirit liquid to quickly duplicate the Jade God Lingzhi.

When the old man took it out, he had already decided to give it to Chen Xiang as a form of gratitude.

When he received the Jade God Lingzhi, the old man did not realise that the Jade God Lingzhi was copied. Even a Pill Saint like Feng Yujie would find it hard to discover.

With the Jade God’s Ganoderma, Chen Xiang’s next target for refining the pellet had been set. However, what troubled him the most was that the Hell Devil Emperor was looking for him, which brought him a lot of trouble.

"My pursuers will be arriving soon. Everyone, please leave this place as soon as possible. I am worried that I will implicate you." Chen Xiang said.

Although these Holy Beasts had lived in this dangerous Nine Spirit Heavenly Sea for many years, they were extremely weak in the face of a bandit’s Saint Humans, and could be easily captured.

Hearing Chen Xiang’s words, they all bade farewell to him and expressed their gratitude. Then, they quickly left, leaving the few women who followed him behind.

Of the other three girls, two of them were Sea Beasts and could not leave the water for too long, so it was inappropriate for them to enter the ring, so Long Xueyi could only let them leave.

Right now, other than the pearl, there was also a White Peacock by Long Xueyi’s side.

The white peacock was a round faced beautiful woman. Her long black hair was adorned with white peacock feathers. She was extremely beautiful and wore a white dress with some white feathers on top. Her smile was very sweet.

The way Chen Xiang looked at him made her blush a little. She was respectful towards Chen Xiang, because he was an expert that she could only look up to.

"Elder Brother Shen, I am Kong Bailing ... Thank you for saving me. " Kong Bailing said softly. His face was a little red, and very shy, as if it was the first time a man had spoken.

Although she looked like a young girl, her face was filled with a straightforward smile. She said to Chen Xiang: "In the future, if there’s anything that you can help with, you can just say so."

Chen Xiang laughed, patted pearl and Kong Bailing’s head and said gently: "I am from Nine Heaven World, in the future, you must follow us back to Nine Heaven World, and will leave this place for a long distance, are you willing?"

"I’m willing, but I don’t have anything else to do after I leave the water." Pearl said very straightforwardly.

"It doesn’t matter, as long as I don’t have to be alone in this place. I’m afraid of being alone." Kong Bailing lifted her head and used her beautiful eyes to carefully look at Chen Xiang. Seeing Chen Xiang’s devilish smile, she blushed and quickly lowered her head.

It was Chen Xiang’s first time seeing such a shy girl, so he felt that Kong Bailing must have rarely seen strangers.

"Hurry up and leave, one of the Hell Devil Envoy here has been captured, the other Hell Devil Envoy will soon discover it, I wonder what kind of powerful guy will rush here at that time." Long Xueyi said. Without asking Pearl and Kong Bailing, he brought them into the ring.

If a few Hell Devil Envoy s came, Chen Xiang would not have to be afraid, but if strong Thunder Emperor s came, sealed the space, and surrounded and attacked him, he would be in trouble.

Chen Xiang immediately ran from the North Sea to the middle of the Southern Sea. He didn’t even dare go to the place where there were people, because those places had Transmission array s, and the people chasing after him would quickly arrive.

"Bai Ling, pearl, do you know which islands have high grade immortal medicine?" Chen Xiang chatted with the two girls inside the ring.

When they heard Chen Xiang’s voice, they did not think it was strange, because Long Xueyi had already explained everything to them.

"I knew it before, but that place should have already been found. This Nine Spirit Heavenly Sea is still too small, after all these years, so many powerful people came here to find immortal medicine, and many islands have already been found," Pearl sighed.

"There was one on the island that I was protecting in the past, but it was taken away by an elder of the Super Holy School. Kong Bailing was a Holy Beast that lived on an island, and rarely left her island.

"Bai Ling, I will bring you to a good place in the future. There will be many good sisters there, so you don’t have to be afraid of Super Holy School anymore." Long Xueyi giggled. She wanted Kong Bailing to be sent to the Hundreds of Flowers Palace, and inside the Hundreds of Flowers Palace, there were many girls that she thought highly of. She really wanted to see the Hundreds of Flowers Palace become stronger and stronger.

"pearl, you said that this Nine Spirit Heavenly Sea is still too small, then what sea would be considered big." Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course it’s the Sacred Water Heavenly Realm’s Boundless Sea." Pearl said in an ambitious manner, "My previous goal was to go to Sacred Water Heavenly Realm to take a look, but to travel through space, I needed a very powerful ability, and the spatial passageway that is opened is unstable, so I would still face a lot of danger."

To cross from one Heavenly Territory to another, let alone a Saint Beast on the level of a pearl, even a Saint realm master would find it difficult to travel there.

However, Chen Xiang was different. As long as he went to that place, he would be able to use up some of his divine power and quickly open a stable spatial passageway to go there.

"I went to the Sacred Water Heavenly Realm once, but I didn’t stay there for long." Chen Xiang’s eyes suddenly lit up. Now that he had the level 7 immortal medicine, Jade God Lingzhi, he could temporarily not stay in the Sacred Domain. He could go to the other Heaven Regions to hide.

"Really, you’ve really been to the Sacred Water Heavenly Realm." "Can you tell me about that place? I’ve only heard about it since I was young. Those old grandpas in Sacred Water Heavenly Realm telling me about it are all different, they might have made it up."

Chen Xiang laughed: "That place isn’t much to talk about, there is a large expanse of water, and occasionally there will be a few small islands, and the sea beasts inside should be very big."

"Elder Brother Shen, can you speak a little more about it? For example, the smell of the ocean, how dark is the color of the sea ..."

"Little girl, I really don’t know much about that place. If you want to know, then I’ll take you to see it." Chen Xiang laughed.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates