Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 167 - Realm Within Realm

"This Mysterious Realm entrance is about to open! We have to hurry and acquire the Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor!" Chen Xiang was finally feeling some tension.

Liu Menger nodded her head, and with Chen Xiang sped up, it made the small boat move forward faster.

"The Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade, the Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor, both of them have name of the two beasts among the four divine beasts, could there be some kind of relevance?" Liu Menger pondered and said.

Chen Xiang mischievously smiled, "Sister Menger, I have heard you also have a Vermillion Bird named divine weapon, could you help me open my outlook?"

Hearing Chen Xiang’s words, Liu Menger’s complexion changed, and her entire body shivered. With furrowed eyebrows, she aptly watched Chen Xiang and coldly asked, ”Who did you hear it from? This is suppose to be highly confidential, there are only three people who know about it, me, my father and mother! And, my parents have already ascended to a higher realm!”

Chen Xiang learnt about this from Su Meiyao, and Su Meiyao had also learnt about this from her own master. Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou’s master had practiced the Ruthless Devil Skill, and had already courted his own destruction. And, the two girls had not told Chen Xiang about the origin of their master.

"This..." It was totally outside Chen Xiang’s expectation that this matter of the Vermillion Bird Divine Weapon would be so mysterious, he quickly thought of an excuse as he said, "A senior told me, you should know that the achievements of mine in regards of strength and alchemy are not just due to me alone fumbling around, it was all passed down by a senior, however, I’m not aware of that senior’s origin."

Liu Menger nodded her head, she found Chen Xiang’s words to be more reasonable. In this huge Mortal World, it was not impossible to find hidden dragon and crouching tigers, at this time, she came to a realization that Chen Xiang’s secrets were increasing as she came to know more of him.

"I indeed have the thing related to the Vermillion Bird, it’s just that I don’t know how to use it, besides, currently, it is in a sealed state, and it is impossible for me to control it with my mind, I’ve already bled on it, however, it was still not useful. Do you know anything regarding this matter?" Liu Menger frankly replied, she had been trying to figure out this Divine Weapon of unknown origins, however, even both her parents didn’t know anything about it.

Chen Xiang, while considering asked about it with Su Meiyao, asked whether or not he could tell Liu Menger about the Divine Weapons of the Four Symbols.

From the interactions between Chen Xiang and Liu Menger during this period, both Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou knew that Liu Menger was a nice person, and she indeed had been good to Chen Xiang and Xue Xianxian. Otherwise, with Chen Xiang taking so much advantage of the other party, taking such liberties with her, he would have already been blasted to smithereens.

"You can tell her! However, make sure she would keep it as a secret, not passing to any other person, or else it would be detrimental to you!" Su Meiyao exhorted. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Chen Xiang slowly took in a deep breath and said, "The Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade, the Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor, and that thing related to the Vermillion Bird of yours, and there is also a similar thing of the White Tiger, together, these four are called the Divine Weapons of the Four Symbols, and all of them are divine weapons!"

Divine Weapon! Liu Menger’s whole body jolted, her body was slightly shaking, she took a long deep breath and exclaimed, "No wonder that blade of yours is so powerful, originally, it was a divine weapon from heaven above!"

"How come I can not use it!" Liu Menger somewhat disappointedly said, "I have done everything that I can, however, I was still unable to understand what damned thing I had obtained!"

"Can I take a look?" Chen Xiang asked.

Without apparent reason, Liu Menger’s cheeks suddenly turned slightly red, and she didn’t speak a word. She pondered for quite a while before speaking, "When you have obtained the Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor then we can talk again, I want to observe how you are going to rein the Divine Weapon of the Four Symbols."

In order to rein the Divine Weapons of the Four Symbols, one is needed to cultivate the [Divine Exercise of the Four Symbols], and the Divine Exercise of the Four Symbols was a very powerful martial exercise. Although it was created from the [Tai Chi Subduing Dragon Exercise], it was comparable with the [Tai Chi Subduing Dragon Exercise]. Chen Xiang speculated it must have been created by some very powerful figure, because it was also related to the mysterious Divine Weapons of the Four Symbols, and from the locations of the Divine Weapons of the Four Symbols, it was pretty clear that the Divine Weapons of the Four Symbols were refined by some legendary figure who had actually used the Mysterious Realms to hide these treasures!

The Black Tortoise Mysterious Realm would occasionally produce some severe tremor which had already been continued for twenty days in a row. However, Liu Menger and Chen Xiang had never heard of that roar of a seemingly giant ancient beast again.

Originally, those intermittent tremors had already turned into continuous fierce shakes. Chen Xiang and Liu Menger had already spent a whole month inside the Black Tortoise Mysterious Realm. They had also left the muddy river, and entered a huge dark river, afterwards, they had entered a giant canyon, along the way, they had encountered many demon beasts and various poisonous creatures, however, they were still heading downstream, and had never been attacked.

Now, they were in a small winding river. At the end of this small river, there was a mountain, and on the mountainside, there was a cave, from afar, one could see that this cave was exuding a blue aura.

At this time, Long Xueyi said in a dignified tone, "The Black Tortoise Mysterious Realm’s entrance is open, there is a very strong space power and time fluctuations. The time flow outside and inside is very different, from these time fluctuations, I’ve found that these thirty days inside here should be equivalent to three days outside!"

Ten times the difference! However, there was nothing unusual inside the Mysterious Realm, and there was such a huge difference between the normal world and the world of this Mysterious Realm.

"Very strong space fluctuations, it seems that the entrance is open! I hope Xianxian had not entered, I think because of the seal of the True Qi, many people would choose not to enter!" Liu Menger said with some concern.

Chen Xiang and Liu Menger accelerated the rowing of the boat, traversing their way towards that cave exuding an aura. This Black Tortoise Mysterious Realm was very huge and very beautiful, it was just that there were many demon beasts, and the True Qi was also sealed. It can be said that it was a very dangerous place, and if someone alone encountered a flock of these demon beasts, that person would certainly be dead!

Finally, they entered that cave, the water inside the cave was very warm, giving off a kind of peculiar power. At the end of the cave, there was a white light, like a special entrance, both Chen Xiang and Liu Menger were slightly excited, they were convinced that in there, the Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor must be hidden.

"Let’s go! Be careful!" Liu Menger slightly took a mouthful of air, warily looked at the front and spoke with a serious look.

Chen Xiang nodded his head while rowing the boat, and soon, that small boat entered that dazzling white light!

The Black Tortoise Mysterious Realm was accompanied with fierce shaking, while Chen Xiang rowed that small boat and crossed that light screen.

A fragrance wafted into Chen Xiang’s and Liu Menger’s noses, making both of them feel refreshed. What appeared in their front was altogether another world, a water world, however, on the surface of the water, there were lot of floating grasses. Their top were full of beautiful flowers, and not far in their front, there was an island. Looking at this island from afar, it appeared to be a giant turtle crawling in the sea.

"How can there be a Mysterious Realm inside the Mysterious Realm? What in the end is happening here?" Liu Menger observed her surroundings. In this place, the Spirit Qi was even more richer compared to the outside. She had never heard of such a case of a realm within a realm.

"All in all, I think that having a lot of demon beasts outside is very unusuall!" Chen Xiang said, he sped up and rowed the small boat towards that island in front of them.

"Sister Menger, what’s the situation close to the island?" Chen Xiang asked, at this point, they did not dare to leave the small boat. During these days, they felt more safer in the water. Although they had once again entered a Mysterious Realm, their True Qi was still sealed.

"I did not find any danger. In here, we can walk on the land!" Liu Menger lightly jumped as if floating over to the shore, she looked very beautiful and very pleasing to watch.

Chen Xiang mischievously smiled, he too jumped over to the shore. Liu Menger received that small boat and walked around the shore. Inside this island, there was a dense forest, although currently the sky was blue and the clouds were white, accompanied with cool breeze, the forest in front of them still gave off a very dangerous feeling.

The island was not very big, Chen Xiang and Liu Menger only spent half an hour, and they have walked on the island shore in circle, they didn’t find any footprints of demon beasts or any other danger.

At this point, both of them were still unable to use their True Qi, which was why they were acting very carefully!

Looking at that gloomy dense forest, Chen Xang and Liu Menger took a glance at each other, before nodding their heads as they went up. At this moment, that roar which was giving off desolate feeling once again resounded, and it suddenly echoed in their ears!

A translated work of Xianxiaworld