Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The four Saint Rulers who had come to kill Chen Xiang were all experienced warriors. When they felt the cold wind blowing towards them, they immediately held their breaths and a barrier appeared on the surface of their body. This was a measure to prevent being poisoned.

However, when they felt a cool breeze blowing towards them, the Peacock Powder had already touched their skin and quickly seeped into their skin.

"Ah... My leg. " The shortest middle-aged man shouted in shock. He felt that his legs couldn’t move, as if they were frozen. The divine power in his legs couldn’t circulate. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Soon after, the other three began to howl in fear as well. The same was true for them as their lower bodies gradually lost consciousness.

"This is ..." This is a strange petrified poison that has existed for a long time. " A person screamed. His face was twisted because of fear, his face was already somewhat pale, and soon after, it became snow-white. In the blink of an eye, his entire body turned into a white stone sculpture, and his expression froze.

Not long after, the four Saint Saints turned into four white stone sculptures, falling to the ground.

Chen Xiang released his flying discs and quickly caught them. Then, he used Soul Absorbing Devil Spell and Devouring magic kungfu to coordinate with each other and extracted and devoured their souls.

"This strange poison is indeed powerful. If I had refined the Peacock Powder again, the speed of petrification should have been faster." Chen Xiang struck a stone statue with his palm, turning it into powder.

After being petrified, although the stone was very sturdy, Chen Xiang had a lot of power and he could break it with one palm. If it was properly preserved, it would not rot away even after many years.

He seemed to be able to devour more souls, fill them up with Divine Deity, and let the Divine Deity refine on its own. Like this, before long, he would be able to obtain the Emperor soul and he was very much looking forward to his own abilities as a Emperor soul.

Earlier, there were still many Peacock Powder that had yet to be used up. He felt like he could deal with two or three more Saint Masters, but what made him depressed was that even after waiting for an hour, there was still no Saint coming.

"Could it be that they knew that I killed those four Saint realm experts and didn’t dare come and find me?" Chen Xiang stayed on the small island, waiting impatiently.

"It should be, as long as they are not stupid, they understand that dealing with you is not easy, the weak and powerful Saint Ruler would be killed by you if they went to look for you, the strong Strong of Lord Stage would come, or if they had too many Saint Rulers, you would escape, they might already have gathered together and are discussing how to capture you." Long Xueyi said.

"Wait another two hours. If I don’t come, I’ll go to Sacred Water Heavenly Realm." Chen Xiang sighed, he was waiting here for others to come chase and kill him, but no one came, while a large group of people came before him.

... ....

On a huge island in the Southern Ocean, over a hundred Holy Justices were gathered in a luxurious hall. All of them were heavyweights and had the same goal, which was to kill Chen Xiang and obtain the Divine Deity bestowed to them by the Hell Devil Emperor.

If one wanted to obtain the qualifications to chase and kill Chen Xiang, they had to first be loyal to the Hell Devil Emperor and sell out their soul. However, they wouldn’t be restricted by the Hell Devil Emperor for a lifetime, because with Divine Deity, they could still head to the Gods Realm in the future.

Just as Long Xueyi had guessed, although they knew that Chen Xiang had not moved, they did not go over immediately. There were many examples where it was extremely difficult for Chen Xiang to kill them, and to kill Chen Xiang was as easy as cutting grass.

"It seems like these two Divine Deity are not easy to obtain. Four more have died." A person sighed.

"Didn’t Eagle Emperor say before that there was a very powerful White Dragon with that brat?"

"But Hell Devil Envoy said that the white dragon had already lost its Divine Deity, other than having a tough mouth, the rest of it is very weak, at most only at the level of a Saint. Eagle Emperor was also frightened by the white dragon that came back from the dead, adding that brat’s Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and Heaven Earth Killing Method, it is normal for Eagle Emperor that didn’t know the truth to be scared."

"But, a Hell Devil Envoy was taken down."

One of them answered in a low voice, "Chen Xiang has a divine tool and a divine art to deal with evil spirits. If the power of hell can deal with Chen Xiang, Hell Devil Emperor will also use two Divine Deity to place a bounty on him."

Amongst this group of Sacred Masters, there was one person that everyone was not very familiar with, and that was Jiang Sheng.

Jiang Sheng had already sneaked in, he was very clear about Chen Xiang’s and Long Xueyi’s strength. There was nothing strange about Chen Xiang killing Hell Devil Envoy with the power of the Demon Suppressing Orb, he had seen the might of that Holy Devil-suppressing seal before.

However, the four Sacred Masters who had chased after Chen Xiang previously were all quite strong. Jiang Sheng did not think that Chen Xiang could kill them that easily either.

Everyone estimated the time. Those four died not too long after they arrived. Through their soul orbs, they weren’t able to consume much of their divine energy before they were instantly killed. Thus, none of the Saint Saints in the South Sea dared to go.

"Hell Devil Envoy said that after a period of time, an important character will come from hell and teach us the method to conceal our presence. We won’t be discovered by Chen Xiang in advance and he won’t be able to escape."

"The Hell Devil Envoy of the East Sea had already returned to hell. They said that the one who came from hell seemed to be some kind of Demon General of Hell. From the sound of it, he seems to be very powerful."

Hearing their conversation, Jiang Sheng secretly pinched his thumb ring, and sent a sound transmission to them: "Big lion, there’s important news."

This was a voice transmission magical equipment. As a Divine Craftsman, the magical equipment that could be used in such a long distance connection was just something he had casually crafted.

"What big news is this? So many days have passed and you haven’t killed a single Skeletal Dragon Devil Envoy, the only one that was killed was that brat’s. Old man, you can’t even compare to a little brat. You’re too disgraceful."

Hearing Qi Shi’s mocking voice, Jiang Sheng was very unhappy.

"If that brat did not kill one of the Skeletal Dragon Devil Envoy s, the other Skeletal Dragon Devil Envoy s would not have escaped so easily. I can’t find them now, but I received news that the Hell Devil Emperor would send a Demon General.

"Really, where are you right now? I will immediately go there and avenge myself." Hearing that, Qi Shi’s killing intent rose.

"You don’t have a Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, aren’t you afraid of these guys?" Jiang Sheng chuckled.

"What’s there to be afraid of? Back then, if it wasn’t for that damned place like the Infernal Realm, and the fact that Hell Devil Emperor attacked me secretly, I wouldn’t have been caught by those bastards." Qi Shi’s voice was filled with hatred. Until now, he still hated the Hell Devil Emperor a lot.

Jiang Sheng gave Qi Shi an address, and then continued to listen to these people discuss some secret news.

"I heard that Heavenly Dragon Realm of the Heavenly Dragon Realm is also here. Their competitiveness is really high."

"The other great emperors from the Realm of Flame Heaven will be arriving soon as well. However, this matter mainly depends on luck, and that Chen Xiang won’t be easy to deal with."