Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

When Hou Zhongming came, he had assumed that Chen Xiang had wanted to capture Dongfang Xinyue alive for many different reasons. However, he had never thought that Dongfang Xinyue was actually Chen Xiang’s female slave. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Their young master’s strength was extraordinary, if not, he would not have been designated as the successor. However, he was instantly crippled by the seemingly young Dongfang Xinyue, and if not for the arrival of the Hou Clan’s Holy Master, the young master of Hou Clan would have been killed long ago.

Back then, when the Hou Clan’s Holy Saints chased after Dongfang Xinyue in that ocean, the two Holy Saints could sense him but were unable to catch him. In the end, Dongfang Xinyue even managed to escape, proving that Dongfang Xinyue was very strong.

To have such a powerful female slave, the master must be even more powerful.

The young master of the Hou Clan was groomed using a very large amount of resources, but he was no match for a female slave of another person. It would be fine if Dongfang Xinyue was a Saint, but Dongfang Xinyue’s cultivation seemed to be lower than the young master’s.

"So, it’s fine if you want to kill her, but it’s best to hurry and find her before I find her. Otherwise, once she returns to my side, I’ll be sorry. Also, if she steals my things and falls into someone else’s hands, I’ll snatch them back without a care." Chen Xiang took a light sip of tea.

Hou Zhongming’s aura was already strong to begin with, but the formless aura that Chen Xiang was exuding right now was actually causing Hou Zhongming to feel a lot of pressure, especially the fact that Chen Xiang did not release even a bit of his aura. He looked just like an ordinary person.

Based on his many years of experience, he was very sure that Chen Xiang’s strength could rival the Holy Master, so this kind of matter was not something that he could handle.

"Goodbye." Hou Zhongming cupped his fist at Chen Xiang, then quickly left the room.

Chen Xiang sighed: "I need to hurry up and find Warm Moon. Previously, Hou Clan only wanted to take care of her with a low profile, but now, with me here, it won’t be long before Hou Clan makes a move."

Legend has it that the Vermilion Bird was inside the Life Forest, and the Hou Clan was controlling the region of the Life Forest. Chen Xiang guessed that Dongfang Xinyue and the young master of the Hou Clan had a conflict there.

Right now, the young master of the Hou Clan was fine, but he would not let Dongfang Xinyue go.

Chen Xiang waited here for five days but there was no news.

On the ninth day, the people of the Flowing Water Tower came over to ask Chen Xiang if he still wanted to continue giving out bounties.

Of course Chen Xiang continued, and he also added a few Holy stone s, telling Water Instant Tower to spread the news as much as possible, especially that life force. Other than that, he also added two hundred million Holy stone s, making it one billion.

"There are a lot of people monitoring this Division Chief outside. It should be the people from the Hou Clan." Long Xueyi said, "Do you want to play with them?"

Chen Xiang shook his head: "No matter who they are, they are not a threat to us. Now, we can already see the attitude of the Hou Clan, no matter what, they want to kill the Warm Moon girl. They have also considered that the Warm Moon would come find me, so they have been keeping watch here."

At night, Chen Xiang suddenly woke up and smiled: "The Warm Moon girl is here, she has worried me for so long, looks like she is quite relaxed."

Chen Xiang and Dongfang Xinyue had Master-servant Contract s, so as long as they were close enough, they would be able to sense where Dongfang Xinyue was at.

With a thought, he circulated his spatial energy, causing the space around him to fluctuate slightly. He then disappeared from the room of the Floating Life Inn.

Chen Xiang appeared in a cluster of buildings within the Floating City. The buildings here were relatively simple and crude, and were not as luxurious as the bustling areas. There were many streets of various sizes here, and Dongfang Xinyue was currently in an unmanned alley.

Chen Xiang followed the weak sensation and quickly arrived behind Dongfang Xinyue.

Dongfang Xinyue sensed that someone was around and immediately started to run, but she suddenly heard Chen Xiang’s sound transmission in her head.

"Auntie, it’s me."

Dongfang Xinyue stopped, she turned and ran towards Chen Xiang, lightly hitting Chen Xiang’s chest, and pouted: "You scared me to death, I risked my life to come here."

Dongfang Xinyue was dressed in a black robe and a conical bamboo hat.

"Aren’t I here to protect you?" Chen Xiang held onto her jade waist, letting her come closer, and hugged her tightly: "I was worried about you. If I knew earlier, you wouldn’t have come here alone to take the risk."

Dongfang Xinyue changed her appearance, revealing her charming and gentle face, she smiled charmingly: "You’re underestimating me, I’m so fierce now ..."

Before she could finish her words, her alluring mouth was suddenly blocked by Chen Xiang. Under the moonlight, in a deserted alley, a girl who was offered a five hundred million Holy stone by the Hou Clan was kissing Chen Xiang ...

"You’ve really become stronger." Chen Xiang rubbed Dongfang Xinyue’s face, then looked at her beautiful face and asked, "You saw the Vermillion Bird?"

Dongfang Xinyue stuck out her tongue that she had entangled with Chen Xiang a while ago, smiled and nodded: "She helped me a lot and taught me a lot of abilities."

"Look at this." She took out a fiery-red bead and said, "This is the inheritance fruit given to me by the Suzaku. I ate one before, so this is for Jingjing."

Chen Xiang told Dongfang Xinyue to keep the Inheritance Fruit carefully, then pulled her through the dimension to return back to the inn.

When Dongfang Xinyue saw this beautiful room, she snorted and said, "You sure enjoy it. I’ve suffered a lot in this period of time."

"Then I’ll make it up to you." Chen Xiang laughed, just as he was about to do something, Long Xueyi suddenly appeared.

When Dongfang Xinyue took Leng Youlan away, she had seen Long Xueyi and knew that he was very powerful.

Right now, Dongfang Xinyue’s strength had increased by so much, but in her eyes, Long Xueyi was still very strong.

"Warm Moon, we’ve met before, there’s no need to introduce us any further. It’s good that you’re fine." Long Xueyi giggled at Dongfang Xinyue. She had followed Chen Xiang for a long time, so she understood the people around Chen Xiang very well.

"Un, Xue Yi, thank you for your concern. You follow him all day, what is your relationship with him?" Dongfang Xinyue asked.

"Well... "For the time being, I’m not sure. In short, I’ve been with him for a long time, so I know a lot about him." Long Xueyi laughed: "You can just treat me as a good friend or sister. Oh right, is the Vermillion Bird in the Life Forest?"

Seeing Long Xueyi’s exquisite and beautiful face, Dongfang Xinyue could not help but reach out to touch her. "You guys want to see her."

Long Xueyi nodded. "Of course, she’s an old friend of mine, a very long-winded woman who has affairs with the White Tiger."

"Really?" Chen Xiang and Dongfang Xinyue anxiously asked.

"Wasn’t she killed by the White Tiger? She’s still brooding over the White Tiger even when she mentions it. Although she said that she hated the White Tiger, she didn’t reveal too much of her hatred." Dongfang Xinyue said.

"Go and ask her, and she’ll know. Since she’s able to create something like an Inheritance Orb, it looks like she’s recovering pretty well." Long Xueyi ran to the back of Dongfang Xinyue and played around with his long black hair.

With regards to Long Xueyi’s identity, Dongfang Xinyue was even more shocked. Anyone who knew the Vermillion Bird must be an expert from the Ancient Era, she didn’t think that Chen Xiang would hide such a woman by his side.

"Oh right, how did you start a fight with the Hou Clan’s Young Master?" Chen Xiang asked.

"That guy is courting death. It’s already merciful for me to spare his life. If I knew earlier, I would have taken a heavy blow and dealt with him." Dongfang Xinyue said with slight anger: "I met him in Life Forest, said that my appearing in his territory, belongs to him. This guy isn’t lecherous, he just wants to snatch all the things on my body."