Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"Could it be that when we enter the Life Forest, if this guy discovers us, we will all be robbed clean?" Chen Xiang’s face revealed a trace of anger, no wonder Dongfang Xinyue was so ruthless.

"I don’t know. In short, that was what he said, and even now, others still think that I have offended Hou Clan, but they don’t know that it was the young master of Hou Clan who made the mistake. I think that there must be a lot of people who had been robbed by that guy, that’s why Hou Clan hid the reason." Dongfang Xinyue said.

Long Xueyi laughed: "How about we spread the news that the Hou Clan loves face. Although it doesn’t have much of an impact on the Hou Clan, it can make their image worse."

"I want to do the same, but it’s a bit difficult to control, and it’s not easy to spread it, especially to damned places like the Sacred Water Heavenly Realm."

Dongfang Xinyue laughed tenderly: "Oh right, how many Holy stone did you spend on me?"

"If you had appeared a little earlier, I could have spent less, and called over fifty thousand kilograms of Holy stone each day. I had previously called for ten more days of Holy stone." Chen Xiang pinched her pill and asked: "When did you hear this news? Why did you come nearly ten days ago?"

"I was in another city all along, and I only found out two or three days ago. At that time, I also didn’t have any Holy stone on me, so the transportation fee here was very expensive. That’s why I’m here now." Dongfang Xinyue laughed: "You must have a lot of Holy stone, can you help me buy some things?"

Chen Xiang had a lot of Holy stone and he didn’t know how to spend them yet.

"I have a lot of Holy stone, over a billion, but I don’t know how to spend them." Chen Xiang said: "What do you want to buy?"

"There are a lot of materials related to refining here in Sacred Water Heavenly Realm. I want to buy a lot of them." Dongfang Xinyue took out a golden stone, handed it over to Chen Xiang, and said: "This is called Saint Golden Stone, it is extremely sturdy, and is a good thing in refining saint artifacts."

Chen Xiang took it, and wanted to crush it, but he used a lot of strength to just squeeze it until it deformed, making it more flexible.

"There are a lot of Holy Golden Stones like this here. At the very least, Di Tian wouldn’t find them so easily, but they’re very expensive. One catty of these Holy Golden Stone requires one to pay ten thousand Jin of Holy stone, and a hundred kilograms would require one million Jin of Holy stone."

Chen Xiang said: "I remember that I gave you guys a lot of Holy Beast Bones, can’t I use those to make Saint Weapons?"

"Of course you can, it’s just that those bones aren’t as good as these stones. If you have a lot of Holy Golden Stones, they can be smelted into divine Golden Stones." Dongfang Xinyue said, "To refine a Suzaku bow, although having the Vermillion Bird bone is enough, adding some other materials would make the Divine Weapon even more powerful."

"In other words, if I want to refine a Divine Golden Stone, wouldn’t that require a lot of Holy Golden Stones?" Long Xueyi asked: "Does the Sacred Water Heavenly Realm really have that many Saint Golden Stones?"

Long Xueyi also knew that the Holy Golden Stone was a good tool to refine Holy Weapons, this was the first time she had heard of it.

"Although there aren’t many refiners in the Sacred Water Heavenly Realm, there are a lot of guys here who know about the value of Saint Golden Stones, so their prices have always been very high. However, I think their prices should be much lower than those in the other Heavenly Regions, because there are merchants that are buying them."

"Roughly five thousand kilograms of Saint Gold Stone can be refined into one kilogram. The process is a bit complicated, but I can do it."

Previously, Chen Xiang thought that he had a lot of Holy stone, but after hearing that Dongfang Xinyue wanted to refine the Divine Golden Stone, he suddenly felt that his one billion Holy stone was nothing.

A thousand kilograms of Holy Golden Stone would require a hundred million Holy stone to get a single kilogram of God’s Golden Stone. His one billion Spar could only get a few dozen kilograms of God’s Golden Stone.

It can be used to refine divine artifacts, and it also requires a very high level of refinement. Fortunately, that divine book has records on it, and Xianxian and the others know it, when the time comes, we can refine it faster and better. "

Dongfang Xinyue stuck out his tongue: "Forging a Divine Weapon would at least take thirty to fifty kilograms, and that’s billions of Holy stone."

"That’s right, the Holy stone are the problem. I wonder how many of these Sacred Water Heavenly Realm’s Holy stone have been mined over the years." Chen Xiang wondered if he could quickly obtain a large number of Holy stone if he were to sell the pills here.

Dongfang Xinyue said: "Most of the Holy stone here are in the hands of some large powers, and the elixirs here are scarce, most of them require those from the outside. If you have a large number of high level immortal pills, and the price is a little lower, you should be able to obtain the Holy stone that the big powers have been storing for many years."

Chen Xiang nodded his head, and started to have a plan. He was planning to obtain more Holy Golden Stone before leaving.

"Yes." Long Xueyi suddenly frowned: "What a strange feeling."

"What’s wrong?" Chen Xiang suddenly became vigilant. He was the one who had been offered a bounty of two Divine Deity by the Hell Devil Emperor, and even though he had left the Sacred Domain where the Holy Emperor was gathered, it did not mean that he was absolutely safe here.

"Hurry up and enter." Long Xueyi’s expression became extremely serious, "In that instant just now, all the space in this area was sealed off."

Long Xueyi anxiously pulled Dongfang Xinyue into the ring. There was only Chen Xiang left, it would be more convenient for him to escape.

Chen Xiang immediately tried to travel through space, but he found that it was extremely hard. Even when he used a very strong force of space, he was unable to create a single crack. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"As expected, this bunch of guys have found a way to deal with you. Let’s see how they deal with you based on the situation." Long Xueyi said, "They first approached this place while concealing their presence, before setting up this spatial sealing restriction."

Chen Xiang was just a little shocked, but he was still very calm. He anxiously walked out of the Floating Life Inn and towards the Water Flowing Tower, but when he saw that there were a lot of people standing at the entrance of the tower and some of them were complaining nonstop, he knew that the power of the spatial seal had invalidated the Transmission array.

This kind of sudden blockade, definitely did not have the Floating City’s permission. The people who sealed the space around them were all Saint realm experts, so they naturally did not fear the Floating City.

Those who were able to use Transmission array were usually those who were stronger. Now that they saw the space suddenly being strengthened by an invisible force, they couldn’t help but be startled, because the person who attacked them was definitely very strong.

Many people suspected that it was the City Lord who did it. In all of the Sacred Water Heavenly Realm, only the City Lord would dare to do it.

However, the Floating City Lord’s voice suddenly sounded. "Everyone, what does this mean? I don’t think I’ve ever offended you before."

"Just to capture the person. If there is any loss, we will compensate you." The answer was like a clap of thunder. It resounded from the horizon and carried with it an extremely powerful aura. One could tell from the voice that it was from an extremely powerful expert.

Chen Xiang thought, "This is the Thunder Emperor. Other than him, I wonder how many more people will come."