Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"This is my territory. If you had told me in advance, we might have discussed. But you guys were so sudden, you didn’t even put me in your eyes." Floating City Lord was one of the Three Water Overlords, so he was definitely not weak. He was not in a good mood because someone had casually barged into his territory and even laid such a powerful barrier around him.

He knew that the other party was from Thunder Emperor, but that did not mean that he was afraid of the Floating City.

Dongfang Xinyue had already found out about Chen Xiang being wanted by the Hell Devil Emperor from Long Xueyi and the others in the Serenity Ring, so she was very surprised about it.

After coming into contact with the Vermillion Bird, Dongfang Xinyue had a good understanding of many rankers and knew that the Hell Devil Emperor was able to use two Divine Deity to place a bounty on Chen Xiang, which was enough to make many Sky Region Emperors take action.

"Liu Fusheng, you are deliberately making life difficult for me, aren’t you?" Thunder Emperor’s voice carried a trace of anger, because he had already felt the barrier they had set up start to shake, and a power was currently destroying his barrier.

"Lei Hongyuan, you should be the one who can’t go against me. Floating City is my territory, how can you just casually block it off?"

Liu Fusheng roared: "Break for me!"

After he roared, thunder rumbled in the sky, and the ocean around Floating City surged over. All the people in the city could see the overwhelming amount of seawater pouncing towards them, but the Floating City had a natural barrier, if the seawater did not fall, it would be blown away by a transparent light barrier.

At the same time, the powerful restrictive space that sealed it was also shattered.

"I really didn’t expect that, looks like I have to thank this Liu Fusheng when I have the chance in the future." Chen Xiang sensed that the seal had broken, and immediately channeled his spatial energy, leaving Floating City, arriving at a place very far away from Floating City.

After knowing that Chen Xiang had left, the Thunder Emperor was furious. "Liu Fusheng, do you know who you’re going against?"

Liu Fusheng laughed coldly: "Of course I know, it’s better to go against the Hell Devil Emperor than to be his dog."

... ....

After Chen Xiang left the Floating City, he guessed that a huge battle might happen there. That Thunder Emperor did not have a good temper, and Liu Fusheng seemed to have a grudge with him.

"The Vermillion Bird Ancestor said that the Liu Fusheng in the Sacred Water Heavenly Realm is a good person. He has an upright and righteous personality, and is one of the few heroes of the Primordial Era. Dongfang Xinyue heaved a sigh of relief, "Let’s go to the Life Forest now. With the Vermillion Bird Ancestor there, you should be safe."

Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi had wanted to go see the Vermillion Bird from the start, this was for the best.

"Warm Moon, how is the Vermillion Bird’s current strength? If she were to regain her previous peak strength after her rebirth, she would probably go to Di Tian. After all, that is her roots." Long Xueyi asked.

"She said that she has completely recovered and is in the process of condensing her Divine Deity. She might have to wait until she possesses the Divine Deity before she can return." Dongfang Xinyue said, "She told me before that her final goal was the Gods Realm. The Azure Dragon and Black Turtle from that year both went to the Gods Realm."

"Only she and the White Tiger fell and were reborn. They fell behind those two fellows by a huge margin." Long Xueyi laughed: "This means that they are somewhat fated to be together, and might go to Gods Realm together in the future."

Dongfang Xinyue asked with some curiosity, "Xue Yi, what kind of identity do you have exactly?

Long Xueyi coughed dryly, cleared his throat and said: "I am the Heavenly Dragon Supreme Lord, and the strongest one among all of Nine Emperors and Five Venerables, if it wasn’t for the fact that I don’t have any ambitions, there definitely wouldn’t be anything wrong with that Ten Heavens Supreme Lord."

"This... Is this true? " Dongfang Xinyue was in disbelief.

"Of course it’s true. You don’t believe me when I ask this little scoundrel." Long Xueyi curled his lips: "For this little scoundrel to have such strength right now, I definitely have contributed greatly."

Chen Xiang laughed: "I didn’t believe it before, but I did."

She and Kong Bailing knew that Long Xueyi was the same dragon, but they never thought that he was the Heavenly Dragon Supreme Lord from the legends of the Primordial Era.

"The Vermillion Bird Ancestor said that back then, you were one of the very few people who could condense Divine Deity. After you lent your Divine Deity to Qi Shi, you were ambushed by other powerful dragons, and you died from then on." Dongfang Xinyue said.

Back then, the dragon that plotted against me was inside the Heavenly Dragon Realm, and it is the new Heavenly Dragon Supreme Lord. They are also dogs of the Hell Devil Emperor, so they should come here to catch the little scoundrel. Long Xueyi’s face was full of anger: "That group of shameless bastards, after dividing up the Ice Dragon’s Supreme Dragon blood, they actually ran off to be other people’s lackeys after obtaining such great power, I spit on them."

"Then can you still condense Divine Deity?" At this time, Dongfang Xinyue had even more respect for Long Xueyi. Although Long Xueyi looked like a naughty girl who had not grown up, it gave her a very good impression.

"Of course you can. It’s only a matter of time." Long Xueyi said: "When I see this great lion, Qi Shi, I will definitely let him compensate me with Divine Deity."

"The Ten Heavens Supreme Lord has been resurrected." Dongfang Xinyue was shocked again.

"Of course he revived. It was this little scoundrel who resurrected him. He no longer has the power he used to have, but according to his temperament, he will definitely become cocky everywhere." Long Xueyi said.

... ....

and Jiang Sheng were walking amidst a pile of ruins within the Sacred Water Heavenly Realm’s Floating City. An extremely intense but short battle had just occurred here. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"We came too late and missed a good show." Jiang Sheng looked at the mess in front of him and sighed.

"It’s all your fault. You even made a mistake with your Transmission array and sent us to such a damned place as the Endless Sand Region." Qi Shi complained: "That little bastard Chen Xiang, he escaped so fast, it’s hard to find him."

Jiang Sheng curled his lips: "You still dare to go look for him? Don’t you know that he has a little gluttonous dragon by his side? When the time comes, he’ll definitely bore you to death."

"What’s there to be afraid of? We’ve all been resurrected. When the time comes, let’s see who’s stronger." Qi Shi disapproved: "Hurry and take out all of your methods, find Chen Xiang as soon as possible, and then kill a Demon General of Hell along the way."

"Oh right, call my master over as well. Chen Xiang’s current situation is extremely bad, if this goes on, he might be taken away by others to exchange for Divine Deity."

The group of experts that had been chasing and killing Chen Xiang in the Sacred Region had already arrived in Sacred Water Heavenly Realm, and Qi Shi and Jiang Sheng had also followed closely behind. Now that they called the White Tiger over and the Vermillion Bird was hidden here, it would definitely be very lively.