Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Long Xueyi saw that Chen Xiang was still secretly trying to use the power of space and sighed, "It’s useless, there are ten Hell Demon Kings in the Hell Devil Troop. These Hell Demon Kings’ strengths are all as strong as the Thunder Emperor, and those Hell Demon Generals are only a little weaker.

Chen Xiang knew that the Hell Devil Troop was extremely terrifying, but he didn’t expect it to be of such a scale.

"No wonder Great Yan Jing was defeated that year. The army of Hell Devil Emperor is indeed very strong." Chen Xiang exclaimed: "Even if I had the inheritance of the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable, I’m afraid it would still be difficult to deal with them."

Long Xueyi said in a serious tone, "We do not need to completely suppress them, we just need to clear a path. Although there are ten Hell Demons, they will not act together, and this red barrier is created by them working together. In order to prevent you from escaping, we just need to take down one Hell Demon King, open a path, leave this barrier, and enter the depths of Life Forest."

"Hell Devil Emperor definitely knows that you and I are together, but he definitely did not expect that your power and mine could be merged."

Like a sandstorm, they swept in from all directions. These demons were commanded by a hundred hell devils, causing the devils in hell to not be very strong, but the number was extremely large. Just the visual impact alone was enough to give people a very oppressive feeling.

As long as we quickly open up a path, we will be safe inside the Life Forest. If we delay it, and give the Ten Demon Kings time to deal with you, that will be troublesome, that was what happened to Qi Shi back then. Long Xueyi suddenly turned into a ball of white light and entered the ring, while his soul entered Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea.

Long Xueyi’s soul was inside Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea, and the Dragon God’s power that was channeled into her was compatible with Chen Xiang’s divine power.

Chen Xiang was startled by the sudden surge of energy, the muscles on his body tensed up, he bellowed, and a green light shone from his body as the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword appeared.

The divine blade appeared, releasing a divine light that resembled dragons. Following the divine power that Chen Xiang had poured in in an instant, the divine blade released a furious dragon’s roar, suppressing the millions of demons’ qi and roars.

The Green dragon demon-slain broadsword was trembling, the green light coming out from the swords and sabers turned into a huge green dragon. It roared again and again and spewed out green lightning as it charged forward as fast as lightning, striking towards the countless sinister demons. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

This was only the aura of the divine blade, but it could transform into a dragon and attack the evil spirits.

The green dragon formed from the blade aura crashed into the countless demons that swarmed over like a tidal wave, exploding out with a blinding green lightning, the lightning was like a net that covered the sky, enveloping everything, causing countless demons to immediately howl out in rage. The green lightning net descended, covering a large group of demons, which howled a few times before turning into a cloud of black ash.

In the blink of an eye, the large group of demons in front of Chen Xiang turned into black smoke and filled the entire hellish battlefield.

"There are five Infernal Generals up ahead." Long Xueyi reminded them, "Be careful, these Demon Generals are not here to throw their lives away. They are all trained people who are subordinates of the Hell Devil Emperor and are highly valued."

Chen Xiang held his blade and dodged a ray of terrifying red light that was flying towards him from afar. At the same time, he arrived beside a mountain like demon and slashed with his blade. Borrowing the power of the endless divine power, he unleashed a golden blade light that instantly turned the Mountain Giant Demon into a broken piece.

Following that, a huge seal appeared in the sky, enveloping the entire sky. Chen Xiang moved to the top of the print in a flash, stepped onto it and imbued his Devil-suppressing magic power, causing the Holy Devil-suppressing seal s to glow like fire, illuminating all the directions. The demons that were hit by the light instantly vaporized.

And right below the Holy Devil-suppressing seal, there was a powerful Demon General of Hell. This Demon General of Hell was hidden inside that Mountain Giant Demon’s body just now.

"You don’t even have the chance to go to hell. Destroy."

Chen Xiang let out a long roar as the Holy Devil-suppressing seal suddenly pressed down and released an earth-shattering rumbling sound. Holy light flashed, causing the originally blood-red barrier to become extremely scorching, and a large portion of the blood-red fog that emitted a bloody light to be cleansed in an instant.

Roar!

The Demon Generals that were pressed under the Holy seal roared and then disappeared forever.

The all-out Chen Xiang, combined with Long Xueyi’s Dragon God power, was currently the bane of demons. He had unleashed the Holy Devil-suppressing seal and Green dragon demon-slain broadsword to the fullest.

"More than ten Infernal Generals have surrounded us. We can’t let them hit us." Long Xueyi said: "Even though their defense is very weak, their attack power is not weak."

The black Qi looked like sinister claws, as it flew through the divine light released by the Holy Devil-suppressing seal with an extremely fast speed and rushed towards Chen Xiang from all directions, bringing with it sets of evil Qi, it was extremely overbearing and terrifying.

More than ten attacks from Hell Demon Generals arrived in an instant. had no way of dodging them, but at this time, a golden light suddenly shone out from Chen Xiang’s body. It was actually a set of bright golden armor.

On the indestructible profoundwu diamond armour, there were layers of protection from the Devil-suppressing magic power, and when those claws of Hell struck the Holy Armor, they instantly disappeared without harming Chen Xiang at all.

"Chen Xiang, you won’t be able to escape." A hoarse voice came from afar. It should be the Infernal King’s voice.

The gigantic Holy seal beneath Chen Xiang’s feet suddenly disappeared, and the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword in his hand also disappeared. He floated in the air, and the surrounding demons kept on attacking him from below, like a huge wave. They were all condensed from energy and continued to attack Chen Xiang’s Demon Suppression Barrier.

"All of the Infernal Generals have arrived." Long Xueyi anxiously said.

"Don’t worry, I have a way to deal with them." Chen Xiang suddenly closed his eyes. Although he kept the Holy Devil-suppressing seal s, it did not mean that he had to give up.

... ....

"We made it, wasn’t that the profoundwu diamond armour? It was actually with Chen Xiang, that bastard." An old man said in jealousy.

Thunder Emperor and the rest were already outside the Life Forest, but they were currently outside the barrier that was enveloped in red light, unable to enter. From the distance, they could see Chen Xiang floating in the air, dressed in golden armor and radiating holy light.

"Why can’t I go in? This is a great opportunity." Thunder Emperor asked anxiously.

"The ten great demon kings are currently stabilizing the barrier. They can’t enter or leave. Once they stabilize the barrier, they can control it at any time. When that happens, we’ll be able to enter." A Hell Devil Envoy replied.

"What is Chen Xiang doing, does he not plan to fight back?" The Dragon Emperor of the Heavenly Dragon Realm frowned, "Could it be that he has an even more powerful move?"