Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 169 - Divine Armor’s Owner

Those two pieces of the Adamantyl Crocodile Python twitched for a while, before it moved no more. Both Chen Xiang and Liu Menger sighed in relief. They carefully went over to confirm whether this Adamantyl Crocodile Python was alive or dead.

"It was truly difficult!" Chen Xiang let out a deep long sigh. If he had not cooperated with Liu Menger, it would have been truly difficult for him to kill this beast. He had realized there was still a very large difference between his and Liu Menger’s strength, because Liu Menger was able to pierce the body of the Adamantyl Crocodile Python, however, he was unable to do it. It was all due to Liu Menger piercing many holes at the vital point that he was able to cut the Adamantyl Crocodile Python.

"Half and half for each!" Liu Menger said.

"If I want the Monster Dan?" Chen Xiang asked, after all, that was a very valuable thing.

"I said half for each, the Monster Dan can also be cut in half!" Liu Menger replied, and then she received the Adamantyl Crocodile Python into her storage ring, "Let me take care of it for now. When we get out of here after you get the Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor, I’ll give you your share! You should know that relying on our current strength, it would be very difficult to cut this beast’s corpse!"

Chen Xiang nodded his head. Even if he was able use True Qi, if he wanted to defeat the Adamantyl Crocodile Python it would still be very difficult for him. After all, this was an ancient strange beast!

Liu Menger contributed the most, the fact that Chen Xiang could even get half could be considered very good. In his mind he was secretly happy, he actually obtained so much very cheaply. However, if it was not for his idea, Liu Menger wouldn’t know at what time she should strike there.

They continued on their way. At this point, they were very close to the heart of the island. They were able to see a hill in the distance. The shape of the hill was exceptionally similar to the shape of the island, very much like the Black Tortoise Mountain, as if it was the smaller version of the Black Tortoise Mountain, at the foot of the hill there was a cave!

Seeing this cave, Chen Xiang and Liu Menger accelerated their footsteps. They felt the Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor!

They stood at the entrance of the cave, before eventually and cautiously went in. After they decided to enter, even if there was a pot of burning oil ahead, they would still continue to walk.

Inside the cave, it was extremely dark. Liu Menger was walking in the front, and was doing so very slowly. At almost every step, she would observe her surroundings first before taking another, she was worried there might be traps here.

Slowly, half an hour past. They had finally arrived at the end of the cave where they saw a sarcophagus!

“Open together!” Liu Menger moved to one end of the sarcophagus. Her voice was filled with excitement because the sarcophagus very likely stored a divine weapon!

Chen Xiang nodded his head. He too, was similarly excited.

Both of them exerted force simultaneously. As the lip opened, an intense white light broke out, dazzling Chen Xiang’s and Liu Menger’s eyes. That white light soon disappeared as they both immediately looked to see what was inside the sarcophagus. Surprisingly, they saw a pure crystal case present inside it, which was very similar to the time Chen Xiang obtained the Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade.

Inside the crystal case, there was a set of clothes which looked like it was composed of light golden scales. It was a complete set of pant and shirt. Inside the case there was also another small box, Chen Xiang reckoned that there was a dan inside it along with a beast skin.

Liu Menger took a long deep breath, her pretty face was filled with shock and excitement, “You see those fingernail sized scales? There are countless Spirit Veins above each of those scales, how was this thing forged in the end?

While speaking, she reached out her hands towards the crystal case. However, just as her beautiful hands touched the crystal case, she uttered a tender shout. She fiercely retracted her beautiful hands, there was a painful look on her face. That expression would make anyone feel sorry for her.

"Are you okay?" Chen Xiang asked in concern.

Liu Menger nibbled her lips. She gradually shook her head and said, while slightly panting, “There is a very strong rejection force from it. If I kept touching it any longer, I’m afraid I might have vanished in a puff of smoke! You be careful, even my level of body was not able to withstand it! Do you have a White Jade Dan?”

Chen Xiang nodded his head and hastily took out two boxes and handed them over to her, “Is it very serious?”

“Fortunately, it’s just a little damage to my meridians and muscles. With the White Jade Dan, I should be able to recover soon!” Liu Menger’s complexion was still somewhat pale, she looked very weak which made Chen Xiang very worried.

“The Black Tortoise Adamantly Armor truly can not be taken away so casually!” As Liu Menger spoke, her face was giving off an aura of fear. She was sure that even if she could use her True Qi, she would still not even dare to touch the crystal case again.

This was not the first time Chen Xiang had seen this type of crystal case. He also ran across it when he obtained the Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade. Back then, he had directly grabbed the Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade. However, now that he saw Liu Menger appearance, he too didn’t dare to try.

Now he was sure that a very powerful figure had intentionally left these divine weapons in the Chenwu Mainland. The Vermillion Bird divine weapon had already been obtained by Liu Menger’s parents.

"You cultivate the [Divine Exercise of the Four Symbols], I think these should be left by another practitioner that cultivates this martial exercise! However, you currently can’t use your True Qi, so it is very difficult to determine." Su Meiyao said. She also didn’t had any definite ideas or clues.

Chen Xiang slowly took a deep breath and took out a piece of the Hell Spirit Grass. The instant he placed it inside his mouth, Liu Menger hurriedly dissuaded, "You better not try, it is very dangerous!"

However, not only had Chen Xiang had touched that crystal case, he also took it out from the sarcophagus!

"Ha ha, the Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor is mine!" Chen Xiang suddenly started madly laughing. With a look of disbelief, Liu Menger stared dumbfoundedly at Chen Xiang. She could not help but once again touch that crystal case. However, she once again uttered a sharp scream. The sharp pain made her feel as if her body was struck by lightning, blood had already overflowed from the corner of her mouth.

Chen Xiang hurriedly dropped the crystal case and grabbed Liu Menger’s tender body. He took out a small piece of Hell Spirit Grass and made her swallow it, this made her complexion much better and she soon woke up.

"Thank you!" Liu Menger said with a light sigh. With a strange look on her face, she glanced at Chen Xiang because nothing had happened to him when he touched the box. Yet on the other hand, she had almost lost her life when she touched the crystal case.

Chen Xiang mischievously laughed, "You wasted a little bit of my Hell Spirit Grass! Later on, when you divide the Adamantyl Crocodile Python, be sure to give me a little more!"

Liu Menger softly snorted and said, "Humph, really stingy!" With all her knowledge and experience, it was very difficult for her to explain this strange phenomena. She could only assume that Chen Xiang had way too many secrets.

Just a moment ago, she thought she was going to die. If it wasn’t for Chen Xiang’s timely help of the Hell Spirit Grass, she probably would have died, Chen Xiang had saved her life! She had no choice but to acknowledge this fact.

The next scene made Liu Menger clucked her tongue. Chen Xiang swung his fist towards that crystal case and fiercely pounded on it, blowing it into smithereens. Afterwards, he picked up those originally sealed set of clothes.

Feeling the Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor, Chen Xiang’s whole body jolted. The Black Tortoise True Qi,in a steady stream from his dantian, flowed into the Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor, making it suddenly glitter in golden aura.

Liu Menger has been watching this entire scene. She was unable to see what means Chen Xiang had used, he didn’t even bled on it to have it recognize him as its owner! He also hadn’t done any sacrificial refining, he just simply took the Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor and produced this scene, it was as if this ancient armor had recognized Chen Xiang.

The following scene made Liu Menger even more shocked.The golden light exuding from Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor suddenly started moving, like water, it slowly squirmed onto Chen Xiang’s body, meanwhile Chen Xiang’s eyes were closed. It seemed as if he had entered a strange state. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Liu Menger’s lips slightly parted. With wide open eyes, she looked at the spectacle in front of her, the Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor was ’flowing’ over Chen Xiang’s whole body. Suddenly, it seeped into Chen Xiang’s clothes, and its aura also slowly faded away. She had heard that the Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor would be awake every ten thousand years to find its master. It seems that Chen Xiang was the master the Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor had been waiting for all these years!

How did this happen? Liu Menger wasn’t able to understand anything, she just understood that Chen Xiang had a lot of confidential secrets!

A translated work of Xianxiaworld