Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Jiang Sheng and Qi Shi seemed to have a good relationship with the black-robed man, but Long Xueyi did not know who the black-robed man was. Long Xueyi sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang, telling him to be careful of the black-robed man.

Chen Xiang looked around and found some footprints, among them were those gigantic footprints he had seen before, but the soil inside those footprints were not black, and they were not the same as the one in front of him before, which made him even more suspicious.

"This must be Chen Xiang, who has given those fellows a headache." The man in black patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder and chuckled.

Qi Shi laughed heartily and said to Chen Xiang: "Old Black is a very strong guy in the Sacred Beasts Ancient Realm, even my master has a very high opinion of him. Don’t just look at his dark face and black clothes, he is actually a Snow Lion that uses cold energy."

That Old Black smiled slightly and said, "I came here this time to investigate the Cold Wind Forest in this Life Forest and see if it can be of some help to my cultivation."

"So it’s like this, then let’s go in and take a look together." Qi Shi put a hand on Chen Xiang’s shoulder: "How about we go together, although you can give us a lot of trouble, but that’s what I want, after coming here for so long, if we don’t fight a few of them, it’s not fun at all."

Chen Xiang laughed: "I still plan to stay in the Purple Leaf Forest for a period of time. You guys can head to the Cold Wind Forest first, I’ll contact you guys when the time comes."

After, Jiang Sheng and Chen Xiang bid their farewell, they left with Laohei.

Although there were Saint Beasts inside the Cold Wind Forest, there weren’t as many Saint Beasts as outside. Only groups of Saint Beasts outside the Purple Leaf Forest could satisfy his appetite.

He still wanted to find the Evil Emperor outside the Purple Leaf Forest and kill him, but there was another reason why he did not understand the mysterious "Old Black". Although Jiang Sheng and Qi Shi had a good relationship with him, he gave off an unreliable feeling.

"I’ve never heard of that Old Black, but there’s definitely a problem. I can confirm that the footprints near Qi Shi previously were the same as the black footprints we saw before. Long Xueyi said, "The power he is currently using is definitely not the power of ice."

Chen Xiang took out a piece of Communication jade Symbol paper and sent a message to Qi Shi. As long as they weren’t too far away, they would be able to communicate it to him. He told Qi Shi about the doubt in his heart and told him to be careful.

Qi Shi did not reply. Chen Xiang was not too worried about him and Jiang Sheng, they were all old veterans, if he were to remind them now, they would definitely be more cautious.

Chen Xiang continued to search through the Purple Leaf Forest for herd beasts. After meeting Qi Shi and the others, he searched for more than three days, and finally found traces of herd beasts.

Following the footprints on the ground, Chen Xiang was quickly able to keep up with the beasts. This group of Saint Beasts only had around fifty to sixty thousand of them, and were all purple spotted leopards.

"From the looks of it, they should be on their way to kill the beasts. This period of time might be when the beasts are enjoying the feast." Dongfang Xinyue said.

Very quickly, Chen Xiang sensed the aura of another wave of beasts. Judging from the aura, the number and strength of the beasts were much stronger than the group of leopards he was following.

"It’s a group of purple tigers, and there’s so many of them." Chen Xiang exclaimed, in the forest ahead, were all purple striped tigers, growling softly, their bodies brimming with killing intent.

Long Xueyi laughed: "There are still others in the distance."

Chen Xiang immediately widened the range of his senses and released his soul to search, quickly discovering a group of purple wolves. This group had a lot more wolves than the purple leopard and the purple tiger combined.

The group of wolves were quite a distance away, so even if they wanted to come over, it would still take some time. However, they seemed to be waiting for an opportunity to kill the tigers and leopards here.

"It’s begun." Long Xueyi shouted excitedly.

As the Emperors on both sides roared, the battle between the tiger and leopard started. This battle was even more brutal and bloody than the battle between the pig and monkey that Chen Xiang had witnessed before.

The moment the battle started, he released an invisible formation to seal off all of the beast souls and prevent them from leaving the area.

"The souls of these sacred beasts are very strong." Chen Xiang and the other beast emperors distanced themselves and started to devour the large amount of beast spirits floating in the air.

"The wolves are coming." Long Xueyi reminded.

Chen Xiang had always been paying attention to the wolves. Like what he had expected, as long as both sides fought, and when a small number of them were killed or injured, the pack of Violet Wolves would come over, the wolves would stay far away from them. When they flew over, the tiger and leopard would fight to the end, and both sides would definitely suffer from heavy injuries.

The tigers and leopards all engaged in a great battle in the distance. After an entire day, their auras gradually weakened, and if this were to continue, then one of them would definitely be killed. More than half of the tigers and leopards would also die, and the majority of the survivors would be riddled with scars.

At this moment, the wolves hiding in the distance had finally arrived. The timing was very accurate.

Sensing that the wolf pack had arrived, the two beast emperors reacted. Anger filled their hearts as they hurriedly retreated, but it was blocked by the wolf emperor. Even if they worked together, it would still be difficult to defeat the wolf emperor in a short period of time. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Chen Xiang hid inside the tree cave and used the Heaven tour method to observe the fight below. The group of tigers and leopards who had both suffered injuries and both sides were surrounded and killed by a large number of purple wolves, and more than half of them died in the blink of an eye. The group of purple wolves were like hungry ghosts reincarnated, eating very quickly.

Very quickly, Chen Xiang reaped another large number of beast spirits, but seeing that Zi Lang did not die, he felt that it was a pity.

"Make your move. Kill all of these Violet Wolves." Long Xueyi laughed: "Do you need my help?"

Chen Xiang’s expression suddenly became serious, and said: "No need, I can settle it myself."

He closed his eyes and started to circulate the Heavenly Alchemy. Previously, he had used this exact move against Hell Devil Troop, but now, he could do the same against this group of unsuspecting purple wolves.

"The mantis stalks the cicada and the oriole." Chen Xiang was ready for a moment, then smiled, only to see a gigantic gold light barrier suddenly appearing, enveloping all the purple wolves.

Sensing that something was wrong, the group of Violet Wolves howled as they called for their Wolf King, but to no avail. Within the barrier of light that enveloped them, an extremely high amount of heat suddenly appeared, causing the majority of the Violet Wolves to instantly dissipate into purple energy.

Under Chen Xiang’s Heavenly Alchemy, approximately a hundred thousand purple wolves were instantly smelted. Their soul and flesh were melted into energy and quickly melted into a purple pellet.