Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"The Wolf King is back." Long Xueyi shouted.

Chen Xiang grabbed the purple pellet that had just been refined, and then quickly left through spatial travel.

When the returning Wolf King saw that there were only a few purple wolves and leopards left on the battlefield, it became extremely furious. With a roar of rage, the remaining leopards and tigers quickly fled.

What Chen Xiang did not know was that right after he left, the people who were chasing him had arrived. Only, this time, it was not Thunder Emperor but another team.

Not long after Chen Xiang drove them away, they arrived at this place. The furious Wolf Emperor saw that there were humans here and thought it was them, so he started fighting ... Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"What a formidable Wolf Emperor." Chen Xiang was already far from that battlefield. This time, his harvest was very bountiful, much more than the last time when he obtained the beast spirit.

After consuming the pellet and fusing it with his Divine Deity, he continued to search for the purple beast herd. Originally, he was going to sit down and refine it, but now that he was being chased everywhere, he had to frequently change his position to avoid the group that was chasing him.

In the next few days, as Chen Xiang continuously changed positions and refined the beast spirit that he had devoured before, the strength of his spirit was becoming more and more obvious. However, in order to cultivate the Emperor soul, he still had a long way to go.

At dawn, when he came to the side of a purple colored lake, one of his Communication jade Symbol paper suddenly trembled. He took it out and took a look, and found that it was actually Qi Shi who had sent the message.

Brat, be careful. There is indeed something wrong with that Old Black. He is no longer the Old Black that I am familiar with. Where are you?

When Chen Xiang heard this news, he held onto the Communication jade Symbol paper tightly. With a frown, he told Long Xueyi the news and where he was at.

Qi Shi and Jiang Sheng did not enter the Cold Wind Forest, because before they entered the Cold Wind Forest, they had conducted all sorts of tests on Old Black.

Chen Xiang had waited for more than two hours, and Qi Shi and Qi Shi had already rushed over with their fastest speed.

"What’s the problem with that Old Black?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"It’s a very strange feeling. The body is still the same, and the soul is also the same. However, it’s not the familiar Old Black that we’re familiar with." Qi Shi sighed: "There has been a huge change in personality, but in order to get close to us, he pretended to be familiar with the personality."

Jiang Sheng said: "After being discovered, this fellow actually revealed a trace of anger, luckily we have displayed some strength, or else he would have fought with us, so he ran away in the end. We guess that he might have come for you."

Qi Shi nodded his head: "Although he said he wants to go to the Cold Wind Forest, on the way there, he used all sorts of excuses to stay in the Purple Leaf Forest and hinted at us to go find you a few times. I think he wants to find an opportunity to sneak attack you."

"Is he the legendary Primordial Evil Lion? I once discovered an evil power left behind by him." Chen Xiang took out a handful of soil and gave it to Qi Shi and Jiang Sheng.

When Qi Shi and Jiang Sheng first saw the soil, they did not feel anything different. Black soil was very common, but when they held it in their hands and roasted it with fire, they could feel a very terrifying evil aura.

"Sure enough." Qi Shi sighed, looked at Chen Xiang and asked with a serious face: "This was really discovered from the footprints."

Chen Xiang nodded.

Jiang Sheng said: "It is indeed a very powerful evil aura. Great lion, what do you know."

Qi Shi let out a long sigh, "The Old Black we know might have been devoured already, even his soul and body might have been devoured. And the one who devoured Old Black, could very well be the Primordial Evil Lion."

"Therefore, that fellow has the memories of coming into contact with us. However, he is not Old Black, this bastard." Jiang Sheng was extremely furious. A friend of theirs had actually died like this.

Qi Shi said seriously: "If it really is the Primordial Evil Lion, I’m afraid that it will be difficult for us to deal with it. It would be best to call Master and the Vermillion Bird over, since his target is Chen Xiang, and I think it wouldn’t be difficult for us to lure him out."

"Neither of you can deal with him." Chen Xiang said in shock.

"He is currently in a restrained state, so it will be difficult to find him. If he reveals his true face, it will be hard for me to harm him with my current strength. If it was me from back then, it would be even better." Qi Shi shook his head, "It seems that we need to find Master and the Vermillion Bird quickly."

Long Xueyi’s voice suddenly came from within the Serene Jade Ring, "How powerful is this Immemorial Evil Lion? It actually wants the big white cat and the Fire Bird to attack together."

"Little Dragon, you didn’t meet this guy back then, so you have no idea how powerful he is, not to mention that after all these years, he hasn’t been sealed and doesn’t need to experience rebirth. His strength will certainly be even more terrifying, and even if he doesn’t have Divine Deity, his strength will be even more terrifying than an ordinary Emperor Level cultivator." Qi Shi said.

"Chen Xiang, you have to be careful, do not let him get near, with his strength, the moment he gets close to you and attacks you, it will not be difficult to take you down." Qi Shi cautiously warned Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang looked around at the purple leaves and the purple lake, and said: "Let’s go, we will go to Divine Fire Forest to search for the Vermillion Bird."

Qi Shi and Jiang Sheng nodded.

Jiang Sheng took out a boat with a cabin, inside it was a hall and a few rooms. Although they were quite narrow, but on a magic treasure that could fly quickly, it could be considered pretty good.

As soon as they entered the Cold Wind Forest, the place was as cold as snow and as extremely cold as ice, and even more powerful than Di Tian’s profound Cold Ancient Realm. But the boat that Jiang Sheng refined, not only could resist the cold, it could also swiftly fly and defend against powerful attacks.

Long Xueyi came out of the Serene Jade Ring and sat at a table next to the window in the hall. While looking at the bizarre purple scenery outside, she also ate the Holy Snow Pear that Qi Shi had compensated her with.

In order to let Jiang Sheng know how to get to the Vermillion Bird’s residence, Chen Xiang asked Dongfang Xinyue to come out.

"So it’s you." Both he and Qi Shi knew Dongfang Xinyue. Back then, Chen Xiang had told Jiang Sheng to look for the Ice Dragon Race and instruct them in refining it. At that time, Dongfang Xinyue had also participated.

"Greetings seniors." Dongfang Xinyue bowed to the two of them.

Long Xueyi scoffed, "There’s no need to be so courteous to them. Warm Moon, if you let the Vermillion Bird know that you’re being so courteous to them, the Vermillion Bird will definitely blame you.

Jiang Sheng laughed: That’s right, little miss, in front of the Vermillion Bird, you must not be courteous to us, or else that fellow will definitely say something about you. Don’t worry, we don’t care, we won’t blame you.

"I want to know how Master is doing right now. Did he get beaten up by the Vermillion Bird. But then again, did the Vermillion Bird and the Black Tortoise have that kind of relationship back then? Why did the profoundwu diamond armour you refined have that ambiguous relationship ...?" Does the Vermillion Bird know about this? " Qi Shi laughed sinisterly.

"She doesn’t know. You guys must not speak of this, otherwise she will beat me to death." Jiang Sheng warned everyone with a serious face.