Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Dongfang Xinyue was more familiar with the Cold Wind Forest, she had visited the Vermillion Bird a few times before and was able to tell everyone in detail about the situation here.

"The Holy Beasts in this Cold Wind Forest aren’t as numerous as the ones outside. All the Holy Beasts here prefer to travel alone, so the scarier ones are the profoundhan poison s. Even the Vermillion Bird Ancestor would have to take a detour if she met any powerful profound cold Poisonous beast, fearing that she would clash with them." Dongfang Xinyue said: "The moment we enter the Cold Wind Forest, it means that we will be in danger at any time, so we are currently in danger."

Jiang Sheng said: "If even the Vermillion Bird is afraid of the Profound Frost Poisonous beast, then we definitely cannot handle it. At that time, we can only see if this kid with impenetrable can handle it or not."

Qi Shi laughed: "Even if we can’t deal with him, he can take us and run, so there’s nothing to be afraid of."

Dongfang Xinyue shook his head: "Cold Wind Forest is the second barrier, it’s not that simple. If you’re not familiar with this place, it would be difficult to find the powerful Poisonous beast hiding here."

Sometimes, even if you stand on his back, it would be difficult for you to find out that he is actually a Profound Frost Poisonous beast. Once the Profound Frost Poisonous beast attacks, it will become an extremely powerful profoundhan poison and if you are unable to withstand it, you will be poisoned. "

Chen Xiang said: "Is the profound cold Poisonous beast really that good at hiding?"

Dongfang Xinyue nodded his head, "Right, it’s hard to discover. Even if you saw it with your own eyes and probed deeper, it would be hard to discover that it’s actually the Profound Frost Poisonous beast. When I came here with the Vermillion Bird Grandmaster earlier, I was attacked by a Profound Frost Poisonous beast."

Qi Shi scratched his chin, "Is it really that demonic?"

Cold Wind Forest and Purple Leaf Forest are the same as each other, they both develop a special kind of energy. You should have already seen the special purple energy of the Purple Leaf Forest, but the Cold Wind Forest is a special kind of cold energy, as well as a large number of profoundhan poison. Most of the Holy Beasts born here all possess profoundhan poison. "

Chen Xiang creased his eyebrows and said somewhat fearfully: "It can even freeze space, looks like this second barrier isn’t as simple as I thought. We have to be a bit more careful."

Qi Shi knocked on the wall and asked: "Old Jiang, aside from being able to withstand the cold, can your broken boat be able to defend against the poison?"

Jiang Sheng said: It should be possible, the profoundhan poison is mainly a type of cold Qi, it is mainly using the cold Qi to quickly infiltrate the body and poison it, as long as people feel cold, it means that they will be poisoned, and now we are already inside the Cold Wind Forest, do you guys feel cold.

No one felt cold, and they were immediately relieved. Jiang Sheng was a Divine Craftsman after all, he had never died before, so he did not need to be reborn. Although he had always been protecting Qi Shi’s corpse, this did not mean that his strength had not increased.

Long Xueyi did not really care as she rarely took action. She would be the first one to enter Chen Xiang’s ring when the situation arose, so if Chen Xiang needed her power, she would lend it to him. Right now, she was leisurely eating her Holy Snow Pear and watching the beautiful snowy scenery outside the window.

The cold wind blew in the snow and ice. There were trees here too, but not many of them. They were all trees that were separated by a great distance, and it was unknown whether they were alive or dead as they were covered in layers of ice.

"Look, that rock moved." Look, that rock moved. Dragon Blood, who had been staring out of the window, suddenly shouted.

Jiang Sheng hurriedly stopped the boat, and then everyone went over to the window and looked at the stone that Long Xueyi pointed to.

The rock was as big as a bed and it laid quietly on the ice. It did not move like Long Xueyi had said, and looking at the traces on the rock, it did not seem to move at all.

"Did you see it wrong?" Qi Shi asked. He had already used his divine power to check and found out that it was a normal stone that was only sealed in ice.

Chen Xiang and Jiang Sheng also thought that Long Xueyi was wrong, because they had already checked the rock before and didn’t find anything wrong with it.

"I’m not wrong, that rock really moved a little just now. If you don’t believe me, you should go over and take a look, it might be the powerful Profound Frost Poisonous beast that Warm Moon spoke of." Long Xueyi was very determined that he wasn’t mistaken.

Dongfang Xinyue frowned: "It’s best to be careful, how about we go over and take a look, if the stone is moving, we won’t even be able to notice it, and if we find a chance to sneak attack it, the consequences will be unthinkable."

"I’ll go out and take a look." Chen Xiang said. To be safe, Qi Shi and Jiang Sheng suggested that Dongfang Xinyue enter Chen Xiang’s ring.

After Dongfang Xinyue and Long Xueyi entered the ring, Chen Xiang left the boat and flew to the stone that Long Xueyi had questioned.

Arriving beside the stone, Chen Xiang used his leg to kick it hard, causing the stone to shatter.

Qi Shi laughed: "I knew that the Longan Flower is just a normal rock."

Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief, but just as he was about to return to the boat, he saw a ray of white light shooting towards the boat.

With a hong sound, the small boat was sent flying by the powerful energy contained inside the white light, it broke apart a huge tree, the small boat had already transformed, Qi Shi and Jiang Sheng came out from the boat, their expressions extremely ugly.

Although the small boat could withstand the cold and the high temperature, it could not withstand such a strong attack. What was even more terrifying was that there was a profoundhan poison inside the attack.

In the instant that they felt the cold, Jiang Sheng and Qi Shi were already poisoned, but they reacted quickly, and quickly circulated the divine power in their bodies to counter the profoundhan poison.

The white light shot over again, Chen Xiang anxiously dodged it, taking out the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, he brandished his blade and opened it, if not Jiang Sheng and Qi Shi would be poisoned again.

"Are you guys okay?" Chen Xiang asked, holding onto the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword tightly, he activated Heaven tour method and flew towards the direction of the white light, looking for the mysterious cold Poisonous beast.

"It’s fine, he won’t die. You have to be careful, this guy who ambushed us is very powerful. The power he just unleashed was a very powerful godly force, and his strength is not any weaker than mine." Qi Shi warned Chen Xiang repeatedly. In the face of this kind of low handed attack that was inherently powerful and knew how to use Super Old poison, Qi Shi and Jiang Sheng could only let Chen Xiang go, because they did not possess the physique of impenetrable.

"Leave it to me, you guys hide."

Chen Xiang yelled in front of him, "I’ve found you."

He moved in a flash and arrived at a big tree in front of him. He swung his sword and released countless shadows of his blade. The big tree was broken into pieces. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

In the instant he chopped down, a white shadow flew out and actually dodged it.

Chen Xiang now understood Dongfang Xinyue’s worry. The Poisonous beast in the Cold Wind Forest were indeed very terrifying, they had extremely powerful concealment techniques, their bodies were strong, and they controlled powerful Super Old poison like the profoundhan poison.