Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The small bottle was filled with pearl tears, and there were only a few drops in each bottle. After Qi Shi and Jiang Sheng drank it up, they praised their drinking, and the profoundhan poison inside their bodies were expelled extremely quickly, and they quickly recovered.

"Not only do you possess a powerful poison, you’re even capable of expelling poison. Exactly where did you get all these things from?" Jiang Sheng was extremely curious.

Chen Xiang laughed: "If you search the boat that you were on earlier, I will tell you."

Jiang Sheng curled his lips, pointed to the boat that was blown away, and said: "You saw it too, this kind of broken stuff is useless."

"Because that thing isn’t the best yet. I know that you must have even better ones hidden inside. Hurry and take them out."

Qi Shi patted Jiang Sheng’s shoulder, and laughed: "Quickly take it out. You are a Divine Craftsman, an existence that can refine Divine Weapons, the broken pieces just now were definitely just things that you used to practice with. You definitely have better things."

As expected, Jiang Sheng took out an even better iron ship. It looked like a jet black iron ship, it was extremely sturdy, and was slightly bigger than the previous one.

"Don’t even think about asking me for it. This is something that I spent many years of my life to create. I won’t give it to anyone." When Jiang Sheng saw Chen Xiang and Qi Shi staring at this boat with their fiery hot eyes, he quickly explained himself. If not, Chen Xiang and Qi Shi would pester him to death in the future.

Although he was worried that Chen Xiang and Qi Shi would ask for it, Jiang Sheng still demonstrated the power of the boat. Under his secret control, the originally pitch black boat suddenly became transparent.

"So powerful, I actually can’t sense it anymore." Chen Xiang exclaimed: "What exactly is the material used to refine it?"

"Space black iron." When Dongfang Xinyue’s voice appeared in Chen Xiang’s mind, she was also shocked by the boat’s special properties.

Jiang Sheng chuckled: "This was refined using a Space black iron, it is well used, it can produce a special type of spatial energy, it can be isolated from other spaces, and it has the effect of isolating auras, adding a few materials that can become invisible, it will be able to perfectly hide away."

Qi Shi snorted and jumped on the boat: "If you have this good stuff, why didn’t you take it out earlier?" Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Jiang Sheng curled his lips and said: "Who knew that the things in this damned place are so powerful. Do you think I’m trying to be attacked by profoundhan poison too?"

The interior hall of the boat was much larger than before, and there were a few more rooms. There were also baths inside, which made Chen Xiang envious, as he also wanted to take one.

Long Xueyi and Dongfang Xinyue came out of the Yin Yao Ring, and visited Jiang Sheng’s holy ship. Dongfang Xinyue looked at it very carefully, because she also wanted to build a ship like this one in the future, and Long Xueyi was only thinking of how to get it from Jiang Sheng’s hands.

The power of the ship was either Holy stone or a holy beast’s power. It required a lot of energy, but it was not a problem for Jiang Sheng.

In the hall inside the Sacred Ship, Long Xueyi smiled at Jiang Sheng and said, "This ship is good, it’s just a little small."

Seeing Long Xueyi’s expression, Jiang Sheng knew that Long Xueyi really wanted it.

"It doesn’t matter. If it’s just me alone, then it’s enough. Even if there’s a few more people, it’s still very spacious." Jiang Sheng said: "Don’t be envious that I have this boat, you should be envious of Chen Xiang for his powerful spatial energy, this boat of mine is meant for long distances, he has spatial energy, there is no need for it."

Long Xueyi said: "Who said it, with his ability to travel through space, he is not suitable for going to unfamiliar places. If it’s only convenient to use these two familiar places, then like now, he cannot just randomly enter Divine Fire Forest."

"So what? It’s still better than mine." Jiang Sheng laughed: This ship is too small, and does not suit you. If you want, you can just craft a new ship from scratch, Warm Moon’s talent is not bad, and Liu Meng’er is very powerful too. As long as I give them some pointers, and give them some blueprints, it won’t be difficult for them to create one.

Long Xueyi muttered: "I want it already."

Chen Xiang asked: "Where are we going to get this Space black iron?"

Jiang Sheng immediately became serious: "The most precious thing about this ship is the body of the ship that was forged by the Space black iron. Although there are other materials added inside, this Space black iron will take up 7 levels."

"If these Space black iron were not so rare, I would have given each of you one long time ago. This thing is really hard to get, I almost went bankrupt in the past and got a tiny bit, barely enough to refine this ship."

Long Xueyi asked: "Then where will there be Space black iron?"

Back then, she also knew that Jiang Sheng was everywhere to exchange for materials and she was even looking for her, but she did not have that ability, so she wanted to ask Jiang Sheng if it was impossible now, since this boat was extremely precious to him.

I don’t know either, but this kind of thing is just like other rare heavenly treasures, it can be purchased at any place, and it’ll have to depend on luck. If you have many Holy stone, you can also purchase it from various Heaven Regions or Nine Heaven World. Jiang Sheng took out a small piece of black stone. "This is the Space black iron, there’s around half a kilogram of it."

Dongfang Xinyue sighed: "If we want to refine a boat, it definitely needs a lot of resources, this Space black iron is so rare, even if we used a lot of Holy stone to buy it, it would be difficult to buy it."

She had already planned to buy some Holy Golden Stones, even if Chen Xiang used up all the Holy stone, he wouldn’t be able to buy much, let alone these Space black iron.

Chen Xiang thought for a moment, then said: "This Space black iron should not be able to grow in such a stable space, could it be growing in a tyrannical space?"

Long Xueyi’s eyes lit up as he smiled: "It’s very possible that although the tyrannical space is extremely chaotic, it’s still the place where the power of space is nurtured. Only in that place can this genius and treasure related to the power of space be nurtured."

Qi Shi said in surprise: "Chen Xiang, you can enter the tyrannical space but you won’t get lost inside."

After Jiang Sheng heard it, he wanted to be beaten to a pulp. "Is it really okay, quickly go in and take a look, there are at most these kinds of Space black iron, I originally planned to go in and find them, but I was worried that I would get lost inside, so I didn’t go in."

Long Xueyi laughed, "This kid is extremely familiar with the laws of space, of course this isn’t a problem. He often hides in tyrannical spaces."

"Then quickly go and take a look. If there are enough Space black iron, you might be able to get rid of the Hell Devil Emperor’s Tracing mantra." Jiang Sheng urged, he really wanted to get more of these strange refining materials.

Hearing that it could let him get rid of the Hell Devil Emperor, Chen Xiang became even more motivated. Although the Tracing mantra would not cause him any fatal damage, it still made him extremely troubled.