Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Long Xueyi and Dongfang Xinyue were really looking forward to see if Chen Xiang could find those Space black iron in the tyrannical space.

Chen Xiang left the boat and went outside. Looking at the place the boat stopped at, he memorized the location, then used his spatial energy to open a path to enter the tyrannical space.

Especially for those attacks formed by the powers of space, if one was not careful and was hit by the space shock waves, then every part of his body would be scattered and scattered to other places, but not kill anyone.

Because Chen Xiang possessed the spatial Rule spiritual bead, he had already mastered the spatial laws, so he wouldn’t be affected much if anyone else were to enter this place. Even if they didn’t go crazy from the oppressive spatial energy, they would still go crazy from the chaos in this place.

Sometimes, if one walked ahead for a long time, they would still be at the same place. But if one walked to the right, they would be able to move their position a little, and the direction would be extremely chaotic, changing every second of the time. Even Jiang Sheng did not dare to casually enter this kind of place.

"If you stay here too long, is there really no problem?" Long Xueyi asked. She had only used the Heaven tour method to check and the spirits she had released all disappeared without a trace. In the past, Chen Xiang had only been here for a short period of time, but now that he had come here to search for something, she couldn’t help but be worried.

"It’s fine." Chen Xiang looked around at the pitch black place, channeled his spirit energy, allowed himself to float in the air, and began to search for Space black iron s.

It was very dark inside, there was not even a little bit of red light, and Chen Xiang did not find any other solid object inside, it was as if there was nothing in this tyrannical space.

"It feels so scary." Long Xueyi muttered: "If you can’t find it, then forget it, I’m worried that you won’t be able to return after staying here for a long time."

"It’s fine. I have a subtle connection with the stable dimension outside. I can use that feeling to open a way back anytime."

Chen Xiang increased his speed. Relying on the spatial laws that he mastered, he was able to move forward normally and search for this pitch-black tyrannical space.

It seemed as if he didn’t receive any effects. In fact, there would often be chaotic spatial transformations here. It was just that because he grasped the Space Laws, he wasn’t affected much.

"Something is coming." Chen Xiang suddenly had a very strange feeling, he then sensed that there were a lot of solid beings quickly rushing towards him.

"It’s Space wind Explosion."

Chen Xiang was shocked, he anxiously prepared himself to defend. Very quickly, he felt many things hitting the spatial barrier that he had released.

"What’s going on?" Long Xueyi asked.

"The storm that suddenly appeared blew over many things and they all hit me." Chen Xiang said: "It seems that most of them are stones."

Long Xueyi anxiously shouted: "Hurry and bring those stones inside, maybe they are Space black iron s."

Chen Xiang released his powerful divine power and found a relatively large stone, then used his strength to place it into the Serene Jade Ring.

Dongfang Xinyue and Long Xueyi immediately became busy with work, while Pearl and Kong Bailing helped out from the side. (TL: UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU))

The rock Chen Xiang got into the ring on was just too big, like a small mountain.

Very quickly, Dongfang Xinyue shouted in surprise: "There are Space black iron inside, it’s just some powder, and it needs to be refined. There’s a lot of these outside."

"Really, there are many of these stones, they are just like trash being blown all over the place by the Space wind." Chen Xiang was overjoyed, and then, he chose a few huge stones to put into the ring.

Fortunately, the ring could hold many things inside, and he could place so many stones inside.

"Perhaps one hundred thousand kilograms of these stones can only produce one kilogram of Space black iron. That’s why you have to get more of these stones." Dongfang Xinyue said.

"I can only refine this tiny bit." Chen Xiang was a little surprised, then took out many Storage magic treasure s, and began to sweep through the huge stones inside the Space wind Burst.

Long Xueyi said: "These stones should have all fallen from the stable dimensional space and deposited here for many years, before gradually containing the energy of space. And after continuously colliding with each other and refining naturally, they eventually formed a small piece of Space black iron, which is extremely likely to fall from some spatial crack into the stable dimensional space. That’s why Space black iron are so rare."

"Mn, it’s already quite impressive for Old Jiang to be able to gather so many. To be able to drop a naturally refined Space black iron from there is indeed not an easy feat." Chen Xiang said.

It was extremely difficult to refine a large scale Storage magic treasure that could hold humans, but there were a lot of them that could be used to access stones. This was how Chen Xiang brought a billion catties of Holy stone with him, so it was not difficult for him to take away a lot of rocks from here.

In order to quickly obtain these stones, Chen Xiang even wanted the small ones, as he crazily swept them.

The duration of the Space wind storm wasn’t very long, it was only about four hours, but he had already gotten his hands on a lot of stones. According to Dongfang Xinyue’s estimations, it should be enough to make a huge boat.

"This Space wind should exist often. If it’s not enough, just one more time and it’ll be fine." Long Xueyi laughed.

"I do have Space wind Berserk, but I have to go to the right place. I was lucky enough to meet it, if I was unlucky, I would not even be able to find it for two or three years."

Chen Xiang left the tyrannical space and returned near Jiang Sheng’s boat. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Seeing that Chen Xiang returned so quickly, Jiang Sheng was a little disappointed. He thought that it would only be possible if he returned a little later.

Inside the boat, Chen Xiang was all smiles, he anxiously asked: "You found those Space black iron?"

Long Xueyi came out of the Serene Green Dragon Ring and threw Jiang Sheng a stone the size of a watermelon: "Maybe this is it."

Once Jiang Sheng held it in hand, he anxiously used his divine power to scan it once, and immediately nodded his head: "There are Space black iron inside, but they are very small in quantity, and need to be refined, but it’s enough, whether there are a lot of these stones inside or not?"

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "There are indeed quite a few, but you can find them by chance but you can’t ask for them ..."

He told the matter of the Space wind Rampage to Jiang Sheng and Qi Shi.

"Old Jiang, do you want to buy some Space black iron?" Long Xueyi laughed: "I can let this little scoundrel give you a discount."

Jiang Sheng let out a long sigh, "If I had met Chen Xiang earlier, I wouldn’t have had to work so hard back then."

Qi Shi laughed: "Chen Xiang, if you want to avoid the Hell Devil Emperor’s Tracing mantra, you can enter that tyrannical space. Even if he knows you’re inside, those people will not be able to chase after you."

"Although I’m not affected inside, I have to stay in a very alert state. If I stay inside for too long, I won’t be used to it either, so I can only temporarily hide and not stay for too long." Chen Xiang shook his head. He was going to let him stay inside for two or three years, and be constantly on guard against all sorts of sudden situations.

"I better hurry up and refine something so that I can avoid the Tracing mantra." Chen Xiang said.

"Wait until we reach the Divine Fire Forest, the Vermillion Bird can provide me with a good environment, I’ll help you refine it, but you have to give me some Space black iron as compensation." Jiang Sheng laughed: "Using the flames in the Divine Fire Forest to refine it might be faster."