Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

After exterminating Eagle Emperor and the other two, a huge enchantment which sealed off the space suddenly appeared, and it was accompanied by a very powerful evil aura. Qi Shi and Jiang Sheng now had serious expressions on their faces, if they had to deal with Poisonous beast s that knew how to use profoundhan poison before, they would be able to smirk.

And now that they were so nervous, it showed how powerful their enemies were.

"This guy has been waiting for us for a long time. However, we haven’t discovered how he hid himself." Chen Xiang said in a low voice. He sensed that there were quite a few people around and had always been extremely vigilant, even during the fierce battle just now, he had released a Space Domain to guard against people coming closer.

However, he still did not discover these people who had suddenly appeared.

"Haha ..."

Hearing this sudden burst of wild laughter, Chen Xiang and the others were sure that this was the Old Black they had met before. As for whether or not he was the Primordial Demon Lion, they still had to confirm.

"It really is this guy." Qi Shi gritted his teeth as he spoke, clenching his fists tightly, his good friend Lao Hei had already died, but his body was still being occupied, his memories had been absorbed and he had become someone else. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Qi Shi was very angry at this matter, but unfortunately, he did not have the strength to do so. He was very clear on his own strength, so even if he fought with his life on the line, he was still unable to defeat the fake Old Black.

"You guys worked well together, getting rid of those three idiots in one fell swoop." A black robed man appeared, with his hands behind his back, he smiled at Chen Xiang and the others.

In the darkness of the barrier, waves of blood-red lightning appeared continuously. Suddenly, a red electrical light exploded on the face of the man in black, causing him to appear even more terrifying and evil.

"Just who are you?" Qi Shi asked coldly, clenching his fists tightly.

At this time, another group of people arrived, a few of them were people that Chen Xiang and the others were more familiar with, among them were Thunder Emperor s, Dragon Emperor s, Supreme Saint Leader s, and more than twenty Sacred Masters.

"Aren’t there only three Divine Deity s? Now you four, do you have enough?" Jiang Sheng laughed coldly: "You bastard who killed Old Black, it would be best if you ran away quickly so that you don’t die here."

The black gowned man laughed out loud with his head raised, "I don’t need Divine Deity, because I already have it. It’s one thing for Chen Xiang to be so ignorant, but Jiang Sheng, you and Qi Shi shouldn’t be that stupid.

From the very beginning, Long Xueyi’s expression had been terrible, and she didn’t need to say anything more to make it clear.

"He is the son of the emperor in hell, the Hell Prince. You all no longer have the chance." The Thunder Emperor laughed disdainfully: "Give up struggling."

Chen Xiang sneered: "I don’t know what he’ll do after I kill Hell Devil Emperor’s son, but I want him to bring a few more Hell Devil Troop over. I didn’t eat enough last time."

"Don’t be so arrogant, you will die a horrible death." The Dragon Emperor laughed coldly again and again. What he cared more about right now was Long Xueyi, because back then he had killed Long Xueyi. Now, when Long Xueyi looked at him with that hateful gaze, he did not know whether he was there or not.

"All of you, don’t attack first. Let me fight them. I haven’t fought for a long time." The Hell Prince clenched his fists. He possessed Divine Deity, so naturally, he did not need the Divine Deity in the bounty. Furthermore, his father was an evil god named Hell Devil Emperor.

Hell Prince only sent his soul over, but took over Old Black’s body and soul, causing Qi Shi and Jiang Sheng to be extremely furious.

Qi Shi pulled Chen Xiang back, he wanted to do it himself. At the same time, he also sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang, letting him see the opportunity to make his move.

Just as the fight was about to start, a golden bolt of lightning suddenly struck down, blasting a large chunk of dirt off the ground. Everyone looked towards that direction and saw a handsome middle-aged man with a moustache, standing there with a smile on his face, his body shining with a golden light.

The person who suddenly appeared was Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable Lv Zhen.

The moment he appeared, Hell Prince’s face darkened, he no longer had the confidence he had before, and it was obvious that he was wary of Lv Zhen.

"How rare, Fourth Prince, I didn’t expect you to come to the human world." Lv Zhen laughed. With a wave of his hand, the black barrier disappeared and turned into a translucent barrier that shone with holy light. The barrier remained as stable as the space.

"You ..." Hell Prince’s expression suddenly changed: "You’re still alive."

Lv Zhen laughed: "Don’t think that only your father can rule the life and death, today we have decided."

Seeing the appearance of the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable, Chen Xiang suddenly calmed down a lot. He was very curious, Lv Zhen had some past conflicts with the Hell Prince, and the Lv Zhen who had disappeared for so many years was obviously related to the Devil-killing Summit, even Bai Youyou and Bai Ziqian’s father, the Demon Emperor was the same.

"Dragon Emperor, can you deal with that White Dragon?" Hell Prince asked.

"No problem, she doesn’t have any Divine Deity anymore. Furthermore, after her rebirth, her strength has greatly decreased compared to before." Although he looked like a short and thin old man, he was indeed strong. If not, Hell Prince would not have let him follow them.

"Leave Qi Shi to me." The Thunder Emperor said.

"I will deal with the blacksmiths, the rest will deal with Chen Xiang, you guys do not have any evil demon energy, do not be afraid of him." The Great Sage Leader looked at Jiang Sheng.

Long Xueyi’s face was as cold as ice as she said coldly: "You guys are looking down on me too much. You dog of a dragon, Yan Jing, is already my subordinate, yet you still have the nerve to call me emperor.

Chen Xiang took out the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and threw it to Qi Shi: "Take this with you. I think you should be able to control it now.

Qi Shi received the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, and the blade immediately brightened up and trembled, obviously because he had seen his old friend and became very excited.

Clenching the divine blade tightly, Qi Shi released a roar, the berserk killing intent instantly spread out, pressuring everyone, causing their hearts to tremble, many of them were extremely familiar with Qi Shi, the aura just now, made them feel that the powerful Ten Heavens Supreme Lord had returned.

Chen Xiang took out the White Dragon Sword and gave it to Long Xueyi, but his hands were empty, and even the White Tiger Divine Weapon did not use it.

"Looks like this is going to be a tough battle." Hell Prince took out a pair of pitch black long blade and looked at Chen Xiang and the others.

Chen Xiang looked at Lv Zhen, who smiled and shook his head: "You should keep those things, giving up those things does not mean that I don’t have a weapon."

The powerful treasures of the Devil-suppressing Heavenly Venerable were all with Chen Xiang, he wanted to return them to her, but Lv Zhen refused.

"Little Scoundrel, don’t you use a weapon?" Long Xueyi asked since she did not have the power that he needed to borrow her power, she was a little worried.

"It’s enough to use fists against these guys." Chen Xiang looked at the group of Saint Rulers, "Why don’t we compete to see who will be the first one to end the battle."

After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he disappeared. Just as everyone reacted, they heard a miserable scream, only to see three Saint Rulers being enveloped by a pill furnace shaped Qi, instantly burning and turning into a golden pill.

Seeing Chen Xiang’s ruthless move, everyone was scared, but a big battle had already started, the enchantment was not too small, but for the experts fighting here, it was still too small.