Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi had already finished their battle. If they could free themselves to help Jiang Sheng and Jiang Sheng, even if they could win, they would have to pay a large price.

"Don’t let them get away." Chen Xiang and Lv Zhen shouted at the same time.

"Strengthen the Spirit Formation." Lv Zhen anxiously shouted to Qi Shi and Jiang Sheng, after that, his body released a burst of God Power and entered the gold enchantment, Jiang Sheng and Qi Shi followed suit.

Chen Xiang on the other hand, had released his spatial energy, strengthening the spatial space, preventing Hell Prince and the others from escaping. Now that they had the upper hand, they definitely could not let him go.

When the Hell Prince came, he did not expect things to turn out like this, especially when Lv Zhen suddenly appeared, she had destroyed his plan, and the strength that Chen Xiang had displayed was out of his expectations. The Dragon Emperor that he was more at ease with had also been destroyed, if this continued, they would be in great danger.

They wanted to leave, but after Chen Xiang and the others strengthened the barrier, it was difficult for them to escape.

"Attack the Hell Prince with all your strength." Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to Long Xueyi, "I must capture this guy. This guy has Divine Deity and his soul is also very strong.

Long Xueyi nodded, she really hoped that Chen Xiang could become stronger quickly. At that time, they could head to the Heavenly Dragon Realm together and find all the old dragon emperors who had attacked her that year and kill them one by one.

When the Hell Prince saw Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi rushing over, he secretly cursed in his heart. Waving his hand and conjuring a black storm, black evil spirits appeared from within the storm and instantly arrived beside Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi.

"These things are against me, you’re underestimating me too much." Chen Xiang’s body flashed with a gold light, releasing the Devil-suppressing magic power, causing the Evil Spirits to instantly melt, turning into a burst of black Qi and disappearing.

Long Xueyi on the other hand, used her powerful Dragon God power to directly kill them. Using these methods to deal with them, was indeed looking down on others.

At the same time, Hell Prince was fighting a fierce battle with Lv Zhen, and he could not afford to use his strongest killing move against Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi. He also wanted to use his strongest strength to stop Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi, but he had no other choice.

"Ten Thousand Dragons Heavenly Lock." Long Xueyi shouted, her body flashing out a white mist, which then turned into a gust of wind and rushed towards Hell Prince. On the Hell Prince’s body, there were a few rope like little white dragons, layer after layer they wrapped around Hell Prince.

Hell Prince was truly worthy of being the son of the Hell Devil Emperor. An expert with Divine Deity was actually able to struggle and dodge Lv Zhen’s attacks when entangled by Long Xueyi’s full strength.

Very quickly, the white dragons encircling the Hell Prince began to emit low cries, and many of them broke off, disappearing without a trace.

"Heavenly Refining Lock." The flames on Chen Xiang’s body surged, and a few burning red chains of fire suddenly shot out, accurately trapping the Hell Prince.

At this time, Chen Xiang used all of the strength in his body to activate the Devil-suppressing magic power and infuse it into the Heavenly Refining Lock, locking the Hell Prince in place. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

"Senior Lu." It was only now that he realized how terrifying the Hell Prince was. He and Long Xueyi had teamed up, but it was only a matter of time before the Hell Prince seemed to have the power to struggle free.

"Alright." Lv Zhen shouted, "Demon Suppressing Seal."

A big seal suddenly appeared. It looked similar to the Holy Devil-suppressing seal, but its aura was completely different, many times stronger than Chen Xiang’s Holy Devil-suppressing seal.

With the help of Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi, Lv Zhen finally had the chance to use the Demon Sealing Seal to attack the Hell Prince.

The sky-like Divine Seal pressed down on Hell Prince, who was shouting loudly, and the cracks on the side of the Divine Seal started to emit waves after waves of black qi.

Lv Zhen fell from the sky and stepped on the Divine Seal, causing the Divine Seal to suddenly release a burst of golden light. The Hell Prince who was pressed down by the seal actually didn’t die, and let out a miserable scream.

"Remove the enchantment. Let’s work together and kill this guy." Lv Zhen said.

Qi Shi and Jiang Sheng anxiously retreated, no longer fighting with the Thunder Emperor’s Great Saint Leader. At this point in time, the barrier had already been removed, and the Thunder Emperor and the Great Saint Leader who had been trying to retreat were all depressed, wondering if they should go save the Hell Prince. However, they did not have the strength to do so.

In order to protect themselves, the Thunder Emperor and the Great Saint Leader gritted their teeth and left.

Chen Xiang and the others did not care about them, to them, getting rid of the Hell Prince was more important.

"Inject all of your divine power into my Divine Seal." Lv Zhen shouted: "The evil energy in this Hell Prince is too strong, I can’t suppress it myself."

Chen Xiang and the others immediately followed suit, and transferred their divine powers to the Demon Suppressing Seal. The Demon Suppressing Seal that was originally trembling a little now stabilized, the Hell Prince almost lifted the Divine Seal just now, but with the cooperation of Chen Xiang and the others, the Hell Prince beneath the Divine Seal was being purified little by little.

After a moment, Lv Zhen laughed: "Chen Xiang, it’s your turn now."

The Divine Seal floated up, only seeing the weak Hell Prince on the ground gasping for breath, his face ashen green. Chen Xiang flashed in front of him, pinched his head with one hand, then activated Devouring magic kungfu and Soul Absorbing Devil Spell.

"You bastard, my royal father will not let you go." He could feel that Chen Xiang’s divine power had penetrated into his Divine Sense Sea, locked onto his Divine Deity and the divine soul within, and then, it was slowly extracted out.

"He didn’t let me go for a long time." Chen Xiang sneered: "But I have to thank him for sending you here, to increase my strength."

"Ah!"

Following the Hell Prince’s sinister and miserable cries, Chen Xiang slowly sucked out his soul and Divine Deity bit by bit, absorbed them into his Divine Sense Sea. Then, he circulated the Heavenly Alchemy’s Spirit Refinement Scripture and advanced the negative energy within the Divine Deity.

"This kid already has two fully formed Divine Deity. If he fused them together again, what would happen?" Qi Shi said in shock.

"It’s not easy to fuse two Divine Deity together. If it were us, I’m afraid we wouldn’t be able to do it, but he can." Lv Zhen said: "His physique can hold many different types of powers, this might be related to the cultivation technique he cultivates."

Chen Xiang could use the powerful Devil-suppressing magic power, or he could use the murderous power that carried a dark attribute. He could combine the gods and demons, thus he could absorb all kinds of energy.

After devouring the Hell Prince’s soul and Divine Deity, Chen Xiang did not cultivate, but rather placed the Hell Prince’s soul into his own Divine Deity, and refined it bit by bit. As for the Hell Prince’s Divine Deity, he still needed to refine it inside the Divine Sense Sea and refine it until he completely refined the evil consciousness inside it before he could use the Divine Deity.

"How is it?" Seeing Chen Xiang opening his eyes, Long Xueyi anxiously asked.