Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang took a deep breath, "It’s hard to say now, but that guy’s Divine Deity is extremely evil. I’m only temporarily sealing him inside my Divine Sense Sea to cleanse him a little."

"That Divine Deity doesn’t seem to have been condensed by him, it should have been something his father helped him gather. There’s an extremely chaotic consciousness within, and even when he used it, it wasn’t completely purified."

Qi Shi said: "If we use it without refining, it will be very dangerous. My master and I were like this back then."

Lv Zhen looked around: "It’s not a good idea to stay here any longer, let’s find somewhere else to talk."

Jiang Sheng took out his boat. After everyone entered, he urged the boat to quickly head towards the third region to search for the White Tiger and Vermillion Bird. He wanted to prevent the Hell Devil Emperor from sending out stronger people that they could not handle.

"Senior Lu, why did you suddenly come over? Fortunately, you arrived, otherwise, we would have been in trouble." Chen Xiang said.

Lv Zhen laughed: "This is a piece of news that came from the Devil-killing Summit, so a very powerful guy suddenly came out from the Gates of Hell, I had already guessed that the Hell Prince would come here."

"The last time that group of Hell Devil Troop s came out of the Gates of Hell, I was also shocked. However, they didn’t stay in the Nine Heaven World for long before they were teleported away."

Long Xueyi asked: "Senior Lu, that Devil-killing Summit is so powerful, it should be used to guard the Gates of Hell, right?"

"Heavenly Dragon Supreme Lord, you calling me senior really scares me off." Lv Zhen laughed, then his face darkened and became more serious: "Devil-killing Summit is indeed powerful, but I am still a little weak right now, Hell Devil Emperor is becoming more and more powerful, and continue to infiltrate into Nine Heaven World."

"The Devil-killing Summit was actually established by some hostile gods of the Gods Realm to gather evidence in order to punish the Hell Devil Emperor. At the same time, they were being used to restrain the Door of Hell to prevent the Demons inside from acting recklessly. However, during this period of time, they were already somewhat unable to control themselves."

Qi Shi frowned: "Is he collecting evidence on Hell Devil Emperor interfering with the Nine Heaven World? That guy has done so many things, there should be a lot of evidence."

Lv Zhen sighed: "I only know that it is not easy for the upper echelons of Gods Realm to punish them, they must have ironclad proof to do so, although Hell Devil Emperor is buying many people from the Nine Heaven World and the Endless Heaven Realm, but this is not enough to prove that he directly interfered with the Nine Heaven World."

"Then he has already sent the Hell Devil Troop twice." Jiang Sheng said.

"There is a door to hell at Sacred Beasts Ancient Realm’s place, you all should know that. Although that door was opened because of the great battle between Ten Heavens Supreme Lord and the other strong warriors, that is only an excuse, I think that was intentionally opened by him. When he sent out the Hell Devil Envoy or some demons, he could be said to be a demon escaping, it has nothing to do with him."

"If we want to hold him accountable, the Gods Realm will have to send manpower and resources to his Hell sect to help him in managing the defense. Because hell is too chaotic, and it is very difficult to fill up the gap in that door."

Chen Xiang said: "So this hell is a mess, no one wants to clean it up. It’s rare to have someone like the Hell Devil Emperor managing it, and it seems to be quite well managed, so the gods above the Gods Realm would just turn a blind eye, ignore them, and silently allow the Hell Devil Emperor to commit heinous acts."

Lv Zhen nodded: "That’s right. If the Hell Devil Emperor does not manage hell, hell will fall into chaos and will affect the entire Gods Realm. As long as the Hell Devil Emperor does not do too much in Nine Heaven World and does not affect the entire Gods Realm, the people above will not care."

"The powers that the gods that created the Devil-killing Summit could only have a minuscule effect. Some of the gods above the Gods Realm were worried that the Devil-killing Summit would be dissatisfied with them and would even suppress them frequently, which was why the road to Devil-killing Summit was extremely dangerous. Over the years, many good seedlings have died in the Devil-killing Summit."

"So that’s how it is. No wonder so many disciples of the Devil-killing Summit have never gone to the Devil-killing Summit. It’s all people who came from the Devil-killing Summit that are taking in disciples outside." Chen Xiang said.

Qi Shi said: "Then I will also go to Devil-killing Summit to learn a bit of how to deal with Hell Devil Emperor.

"Of course I will, in the future I will definitely fight in the Hell Devil Emperor, if I don’t have the means to deal with him, I really won’t be able to. Brother Lu, can you learn the art of forging your Demon Suppressing Armor?" Jiang Sheng laughed.

Lv Zhen said: "Of course you can, but you better hurry up. Originally, there were many direct disciples of the Gods in the Devil-killing Summit who lost the ability to deal with the Hell Devil Emperor, but they wanted to be pressured by the Gods and slowly decrease in power. Only the direct disciples of the Gods are able to pass on their abilities."

Qi Shi looked at Chen Xiang, and asked: "Chen Xiang, do you want to take a look?"

Chen Xiang spread his hands: "Forget it, the Gates of Hell is right over there, if I go to that place, Hell Devil Emperor will definitely release a large number of demons and flatten that place, unless I break away from his Tracing mantra."

"Oh right, Senior Lu, is there any way to get rid of the Hell Devil Emperor’s curse?"

Lv Zhen pondered for a long time, then said: "Currently, there isn’t any, we can only wait for the power of the curse to weaken, and for the curse to disappear on its own, this will take a long time, the other way is to cultivate an extremely powerful spirit, maybe even cultivate a Emperor soul."

Long Xueyi was shocked: "Even Emperor soul s can’t do it, Hell Devil Emperor’s curse is that scary."

Lv Zhen sighed: "This curse used the power of Hell Devil Emperor s 300,000 years, of course it’s scary, he only used up 100,000 years of his power to bring out the Hell Devil Troop s."

Chen Xiang frowned: "If even Emperor soul can’t do it, then you must have a Divine Soul Realm cultivator."

In the Gods Realm, this kind of divine soul is relatively weak, I do not know how to address it. I only know that a divine soul that surpasses the divine soul of a Emperor soul will form a soul lattice, and everyone knows that the divine soul is in your Divine Sense Sea, exactly the same as the person you are in, and that you have to condense a Divine Deity from the inside of your divine soul to be able to get rid of the Hell Devil Emperor’s curse. "

"Then what about the Divine Deity that we normally talk about? What does that mean?" Qi Shi asked, he did not understand any of this, and Jiang Sheng and Long Xueyi were also extremely curious. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Although it is also located in the Divine Sense Sea, it is closely linked to the body. For example, Chen Xiang who is capable of merging with another person’s Divine Deity, for the time being, he can only obtain a bit of the Divine Deity ’power.

Lv Zhen explained: "Generally speaking, when the physical body reaches a certain degree of strength, it will have the elementary form of Divine Deity, then it will be able to consolidate the Divine Deity, then through the Divine Deity it will strengthen the divine soul, and through the Divine Deity it will refine the divine power. The speed of the powerful divine soul is extremely shocking, and after the divine strength has increased, the physical body will also be able to continue to be strengthened by the divine strength.

"The two of them are closely related. You must remember this when you’re cultivating. Back then, I had to take a detour in this area and was able to correct it with great difficulty."

= = = = = =

Starting tomorrow, December 31, this book’s VIP chapter is free of charge at the 17k time limit. Please read it, and I hope you will enjoy it!

Friends who have been reading on other sites, I hope to be able to read this book, support me, I am very grateful.