Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Of course you can. You’re my best disciple, and I have a great affinity with you. If I don’t pass it to you, who else can I pass it on to?" Lv Zhen chuckled, his finger lightly tapped on the center of Chen Xiang’s brows, and then he passed the Demon Subduing Heart Art to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang immediately thanked him.

"Senior, can I pass on this cultivation technique to others?" I heard that the Mei Emperor is also very deadly towards women. " Chen Xiang asked.

Lv Zhen laughed: "Of course you can, but you don’t need to worry about your wife! I have already passed the Demon Suppressing Clear Heart Technique to Qilian and the others! Right now, Qilian views the Mei Emperor as a big enemy, she said that she will take good care of your wife for you. In fact, the Mei Emperor’s charm can only be used on weaker girls. If it was a girl with strong powers, it would be very difficult to deal with her. "

Lv Zhen saw that Chen Xiang had stopped talking, and patted his head. "Brat, there are always many strange questions for you, and all of these things are things that I am interested in, you can ask me whatever else you want."

"I want to know about the Nine Heaven Devil Palace! I feel like this has a lot to do with the Devil-killing Summit! " The Chaos fire in Chen Xiang’s hands was something that could summon a Nine Heaven Devil Palace.

Lv Zhen frowned and nodded: "The things you are asking about, are indeed all secrets! I know a little about the Nine Heaven Devil Palace, but it has nothing to do with the Devil-killing Summit, so the Gods of the Devil-killing Summit do not dare to casually enter the Nine Heaven Devil Palace. "

"In the legends, it is said that the Nine Heaven World was born after the different elements in the Endless Heaven Realm had softened and given birth to the world for millions of years! That’s right, but at that time there was an external source of power that allowed for the appearance of the Nine Heaven World. "

Chen Xiang was a little excited, all the secrets he learned were from the gods, it was very reliable, he listened very carefully.

Lv Zhen paused for a moment before continuing, "The amount of energy leaked by the various Endless Heaven Realm s is extremely high and there will be a large amount of energy being leaked at every moment. This energy gathered together and formed the shape of the Nine Heaven World. At that time, it was called Primal Chaos and many ancient sacred beasts were born at that time. Following the birth of the Nine Heaven World, many ancient sacred beasts also descended on the Nine Heaven World! The beginning of the history of the Nine Heaven World was many years after Qi Shi and the others were sealed away by the dust, and now, we have finally seen the light of day again. "

Chen Xiang nodded her head, "I have to say, those guys back then were really powerful. Even now, they are still that powerful.

Lv Zhen laughed: "Of course, they should be the guardians of this Nine Heaven World, their powers are obviously strong."

Go on, tell me more about the Nine Heaven Devil Palace! Nine Heaven Devil Palace was born before the Nine Heaven World, and it is said that it was built by a group of Gods. They lived inside it, controlling the leaked power of the Endless Heaven Realm day and night to nurture the Nine Heaven World. "

Hearing to this point, Chen Xiang was a little confused, and asked: "Why aren’t you called the Divine Palace, but the Demon Palace?"

Lv Zhen replied: "At the time, it was very strange, but the gods in the Devil-killing Summit told me that it was because when the Nine Heaven World was born, all the gods there had been bewitched and died inside. Based on their speculations, it was likely that those gods had created Nine Heaven World, violated some Natural Law Principles that even some deities could not access, and then received punishment. "

Chen Xiang took out those Chaos fire s! He still had two Chaos fire that he had yet to fuse with. These Chaos fire had been of great help to him over the years.

"I heard that as long as I absorb seven Chaos fire s, I can summon the Nine Heaven Devil Palace!" Chen Xiang muttered.

"You better not try. If the Nine Heaven Devil Palace appears and it comes at this time, a large number of experts will definitely die! Now that the Endless Heaven Realm has accepted the existence of the Nine Heaven World, they are prepared to establish a channel with the Nine Heaven World. At that time, the Endless Heaven Realm and the Nine Heaven World will be connected, and the moment the Nine Heaven Devil Palace appears, many experts will go in to take a look out of curiosity. " Lv Zhen said seriously: "Of those who enter, only one in ten thousand will be able to leave. You’d better use it cautiously."

Chen Xiang took a deep breath and nodded. He did have the impulse to summon out the Nine Heaven Devil Palace just now, because he heard that some gods had died inside.

"What a terrifying evil power!" Lv Zhen’s face changed, and immediately left the ship.

Chen Xiang did not feel it, he immediately woke Long Xueyi up!

Although Jiang Sheng was resting, he controlled the boat and knew that someone was leaving. He immediately walked out of the room.

"What’s going on?" Jiang Sheng asked, he did not feel the evil energy that Lv Zhen mentioned either.

"I don’t know. Senior Lu said that there is a very strong evil force here." Chen Xiang frowned: "But I didn’t sense anything."

Jiang Sheng handed Qi Shi over and the few of them went outside.

Lv Zhen stood at the bow of the ship, frowning as he looked forward with a serious face.

"What is that thing that’s so powerful? Is it even scarier than the Hell Prince?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Although Hell Prince is powerful, he is also a guy who is afraid of death! If we meet someone who isn’t afraid of death, then we’ll be in trouble. " Lv Zhen’s voice was heavy.

"What could it be?" Jiang Sheng looked around, he did not sense even the slightest bit of Evil Qi.

Originally, Qi Shi did not feel it either, but as the boat continued to move forward, his face gradually changed and became extremely ugly.

Chen Xiang and Jiang Sheng were both at a loss.

Long Xueyi came out from the ring and stood at the bow of the ship. Her expression was somewhat ugly as she looked ahead: "Is it really that guy? How could it appear here!? "

The Cold Wind Forest was cold to begin with, and at this time, there was even Little Snow, the cold wind was biting cold. Seeing Long Xueyi’s expression, Chen Xiang and Jiang Sheng couldn’t help but shiver.

If it was the Hell Prince he had faced before, with Lv Zhen here, Chen Xiang and the others would be much more at ease. But now, Lv Zhen’s expression was the same as well, causing him to be inwardly fearful.

"Senior Lu, you can even deal with the Demon God of Hell, what other thing would make you so nervous?" Chen Xiang also felt a very depressing atmosphere, but all of this came from the slightly fearful expressions on their faces.

Lv Zhen looked in front of him, and his eyes revealed a trace of fear. He began to speak, "In the Infernal Realm, Demon Masters and Princes aren’t considered too scary. I can even kill the Demon Gods of Hell.

"Could it be that the Hell Devil Emperor is here?" Jiang Sheng said.

"It’s not Hell Devil Emperor, but a fellow imprisoned in the tenth level of hell. His name is Arrogant Wolf God! It was a wolf, an evil beast with Divine Deity, and one that came from above Gods Realm. It committed too many crimes on top of it, was captured by a group of Gods, and was imprisoned in the tenth level of hell. " Qi Shi said. He had also been locked up in hell, and from the words of his "comrades", he learned a lot of things about hell.

"This guy has my Divine Deity within his body. Why is the Divine Deity that I lent you back then at his place?" Although Long Xueyi didn’t know what Arrogant Wolf God was, she had a feeling towards her own Divine Deity. From that feeling, she knew that the monster before her was extremely terrifying.

"My soul may have been used to feed this fellow! Since this guy can come out from hell, I think it was Hell Devil Emperor who brought him out. This is good too, you have the chance to get your Divine Deity back. " Qi Shi said.

"What should I do? This fellow is so powerful! " Long Xueyi scoffed, "What do we do now?"

"Hell Devil Emperor has already violated the rules severely, but there is no strong evidence. At most, he said that Arrogant Wolf God ran out on his own, even if we were to pursue the matter, Hell Devil Emperor will not be severely punished." Lv Zhen clenched his fists.

Chen Xiang said, "I’m using the power of space to leave ..."

Just as he finished speaking, his face immediately changed greatly because he couldn’t open a crack in space, and the space wasn’t strengthened by any barrier.

"What’s going on?" Chen Xiang’s face turned ugly.

"It’s useless. This Arrogant Wolf God is so powerful, he doesn’t need any enchantment to be able to release a domain. The space within his domain cannot be opened." Lv Zhen said.

Qi Shi said: "Arrogant Wolf God has been suppressed in hell for so many years, although his divine power isn’t as terrifying as his peak state, he is still a god after all. Even if he only has 10% of his strength left, it’s not something we can deal with.

Chen Xiang was a little anxious: "Then what are you still doing here?"

Lv Zhen shook his head: "Running is useless."

"You know me pretty well." The voice appeared behind the crowd.

Chen Xiang and the rest anxiously turned their heads, only to see a big furry man standing behind them, his face had a sinister smile, this was Arrogant Wolf God.

"You are Chen Xiang? It’s all thanks to you that I have the chance to see the light of day again. As long as I kill you, I will be completely free. " The Arrogant Wolf God laughed.

Lv Zhen’s eyes flashed, a circular array appeared on his chest, and flew straight to Arrogant Wolf God. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

"Demon God Suppression Array!" Lv Zhen bellowed, and the divine formation suddenly grew, transforming into many, covering Arrogant Wolf God from all directions.

At this time, Jiang Sheng put away his boat, otherwise it would be destroyed.

Lv Zhen’s Demon Suppressing Formation was the strengthened version of the Devil-suppressing qi array, it was far more powerful. Seeing this, Chen Xiang and the others were secretly happy.

"Humph!" Arrogant Wolf God let out a cold snort. He spread open his arms and actually pushed away all of the Demon God Suppressing Formation that was surrounding him.

Lv Zhen’s demonic suppressing power was already very strong, but this Arrogant Wolf God was even more powerful. This guy was as strong as a god, if not he wouldn’t be called Arrogant Wolf God.

"You are from the Devil-killing Summit, right? You have some ability, but you are still far from being able to deal with me." Arrogant Wolf God sneered, he opened his mouth, only to see his mouth releasing a red light. Everyone realized that the red light was terrifying, but it was already too late.

Arrogant Wolf God spurted out a red light from his mouth, just as he was about to attack Chen Xiang and the rest, a black wall suddenly appeared in front of them!

The White Tiger appeared. He used his dark power to block the Arrogant Wolf God’s attack.