Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The Hell Suppressing Guardians was not an evil demon who cultivated evil powers, and he himself also knew how to use the powerful Prison God’s Flame. Even if he wasn’t as powerful as the Arrogant Wolf God, he still wouldn’t be able to deal with it easily.

"What I can rely on is spatial energy!" In order to shorten the distance between Chen Xiang and the Hell Suppressing Guardians, he had no choice but to enter the tyrannical space first, and then travel through it to increase the distance between him and the Hell Suppressing Guardians.

"Can’t I hide in the tyrannical space?" Xue Xianxian asked.

"It can be done, but you can’t stay for too long because the situation inside is very complicated. At all times, you have to maintain the highest state of vigilance, or else if you aren’t careful you will encounter big trouble. It would be very tiring." Chen Xiang said: "Don’t worry about me, I still have other methods to avoid encountering that guy."

At this time, Chen Xiang braced himself and continued to move closer to the dark region. Two days later, he saw a black floating wall in front of him, and from afar, it looked like a belt of black fog that went straight to the top, enveloping the mysterious dark region inside.

"We’re here, the dark area is inside. It’s not simple!" Looking at it from here, you can feel a very stifling power. " Chen Xiang frowned: "There is still a very strong sealing power for space, it seems that entering it will not be that easy."

"Don’t go in for the time being. Let’s see what can be done to deal with the Hell Suppressing Guardians outside. I am also a little afraid of the dark area right now. It really is scary." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang did not continue moving forward. He felt that if he took another step forward, it would make his heart feel very uncomfortable, so that kind of strange feeling was hard to describe.

"Hell Suppressing Guardians uses flames. If you think of a way to suppress his flames, it might be a lot easier." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang looked at his surroundings and sighed: "All around us are these strange flames. If the Hell Suppressing Guardians was able to control these flames, then it would be even more powerful! Even if not, this environment is very advantageous for him. "

"How many God-eclipse powder are there?" Long Xueyi said: "Use the God-eclipse powder, Magical corruption gas and Drunk god magical poison, use all of the strange poison, I don’t believe that I can’t beat this guy."

Chen Xiang clenched his teeth, and said: "Alright, I will use up all of my stock, and see if there are any effects!"

The only thing was that he was currently using them against a Hell Suppressing Guardians from hell. These Hell Suppressing Guardians s were all experts who had cultivated in the Gods Realm before. Although they did not have Divine Deity, their strength was not to be underestimated.

The Hell Suppressing Guardians had not come yet, so Chen Xiang decided to refine all of them together.

If he were to flee all over the place, the Hell Suppressing Guardians would not be able to catch up with him, but there was no other way. Right now, there was only one Hell Suppressing Guardians chasing him. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Taking advantage of the fact that there was only one Hell Suppressing Guardians left, and during a easier time, he would try his best to kill it and obtain its powerful soul.

What he needed to do now was to continuously strengthen his own soul, let him possess Emperor soul, and then strengthen his own body so that he could become a true Strong of Lord Stage. At that time, relying on those divine tools would not mean he had to be afraid of the strong warriors that Hell Devil Emperor had sent from hell.

"You’re not running anymore? Were you waiting for me? " A big tree suddenly cracked open, and a middle-aged man in a red robe walked out. His entire body was burning with flames, and he was holding two huge blades in his hands.

Chen Xiang never thought that the Hell Suppressing Guardians would arrive so quickly. Fortunately, he was very fast in refining the strange poison, he had already refined many different kinds of poison together, but the God-eclipse powder were different, because when the two were mixed together, the strange poison would be corroded by the God-eclipse powder.

"You came pretty fast!" Chen Xiang was calm and composed, he smiled at Hell Suppressing Guardians: "From the looks of it, you don’t seem like someone who would work for Hell Devil Emperor at all."

Flames gushed out of Hell Suppressing Guardians’s eyes, and he said coldly: "That’s right, but I need Divine Deity. I killed you and obtained the Divine Deity. This is a very fair deal, I didn’t work hard for him. "

"How much am I worth now?" Seeing that the other party had walked in step by step, Chen Xiang also slowly backed off. Hell Suppressing Guardians’s two giant blade with a burning red ghost head was simply too frightening and gave Chen Xiang a lot of psychological pressure.

"Four!" Hell Suppressing Guardians roared, he slashed with his two blades, and two pillars of flame shot out, transforming into two demons baring their fangs and brandishing their claws, they pounced towards Chen Xiang.

It had actually risen to four Divine Deity s! Even Chen Xiang himself wanted to hand him over for those four Divine Deity. This was just too enticing, it was simply too hard to resist, and right now, he also felt a headache. If he did not have absolute strength, he would become the target of many strong enemies from now on!

"Don’t think that the four Divine Deity s are so good!" Chen Xiang stomped his feet, and a flame Tai Chi Diagram Array appeared on the ground. The Green dragon demon-slain broadsword appeared in his hands, and the Tai Chi Diagram Array that was thrown into the ground started spinning furiously as the Tai Chi Diagram Array spun.

The two powerful flames that Hell Suppressing Guardians had released were instantly cut apart. When Hell Suppressing Guardians saw the taiji diagram, he hastily jumped out, otherwise his entire body would have been twisted into knife scars.

"You’re so amazing, there’s no need for you to hide!" Chen Xiang sneered, he suddenly disappeared along with the Primal Chaos Divine Saber Formation and then reappeared next to the Hell Suppressing Guardians, allowing his own blade formation to envelop the Hell Suppressing Guardians.

The blade formation frantically rotated, and countless Green dragon demon-slain broadsword like numerous green dragons, began to revolve wildly around Chen Xiang, like a tornado. And the things that were swept in, were all shattered into pieces.

"Break!" The Hell Suppressing Guardians roared, a burst of blood red flames burst out of his body, shaking out a burst of scorching Qi wave, engulfing everything in its path, and annihilating a large amount of giant trees that were burning with flames.

Chen Xiang’s Primal Chaos Divine Saber Formation had also been scattered. His entire body was blown away by that wave of energy and both his body and soul felt a scorching pain.

"So this is the Hellholding Godfire!" You are no different from a demon from hell. Hell Suppressing Guardians held a thick black iron chain, on it burned a blood red blaze, he swung the iron chain, fiercely lashing at Chen Xiang, and in an instant it had struck Chen Xiang’s body. The speed was extremely fast, it was as though the space was shortened.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

Chen Xiang’s chest was hit by the iron chain, producing a huge explosion. A huge crater was formed on the ground, and the flames were like giant wolves as they surged, engulfing the entire forest.

"How could an ordinary body like yours be able to withstand the power of the prison? To be able to enjoy it before death is already quite good. This is something that only the famous Fiends of the Infernal Realm can experience. " Seeing Chen Xiang being sent flying and vomiting blood on the ground, Hell Suppressing Guardians felt that his victory was within his grasp and laughed complacently.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM! BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM! BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

Hell Suppressing Guardians frantically whipped Chen Xiang, sending Chen Xiang flying time and time again! He just stood there and did not move his body. Chen Xiang was slapped too far away, he had once again used the iron chains to wrap around him, and continued to hit him!

"Let me break your hand first!" The Hell Suppressing Guardians was very skilled, laughing evilly while increasing his strength, aiming at Chen Xiang’s arm, he aimed at it and ruthlessly lashed out with the iron chain, lashing at Chen Xiang’s arm, causing it to bend at will. It looked to be extremely painful.

Chen Xiang clenched his teeth, endured the pain, and did not shout out!

"Over here!" "Haha ..." Hell Suppressing Guardians was currently very excited, because he had already tightly suppressed Chen Xiang and had no power to resist him. Previously, he had guessed that Chen Xiang was very weak, otherwise, he would not have kept on running.

Chen Xiang’s other arm was immediately broken after it was hit, and fresh blood dripped out. Even though it was a very sturdy metal bone, it had completely shattered.

"Then the legs!" Hell Suppressing Guardians continued to swing the fiery red chain that was as thick as his thigh. Although it looked huge and heavy, it was extremely nimble in his hands.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM! BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

Chen Xiang’s legs had already been cut off, but he continued to grit his teeth, kept quiet, and endured the enormous pain!

"Prepare to return to the Infernal Realm. I wonder if I can bring the living back with me. Would I be able to get a better reward?" Hell Suppressing Guardians was very happy and walked to Chen Xiang’s side.

At this time, Chen Xiang’s four limbs had already been ripped apart, all of his bones were smashed into pieces, his flesh was mangled and his abdomen was split open with a large hole, the broken ribs had popped out, and it was obvious that it was a golden bone.

Hell Suppressing Guardians lifted Chen Xiang up, fiercely punched his face a few times, and said with disdain: "Isn’t it just a little stinky brat, actually worth four Divine Deity. Hell Devil Emperor is making a big fuss out of nothing."

"But this is just right for me. Four Divine Deity pellets, haha ..."

"Pfft!" Chen Xiang aimed at Hell Suppressing Guardians’s opened mouth and fiercely spat out a large mouthful of blood, which was spat into Hell Suppressing Guardians’s mouth.

"You’re courting death!" The Hell Suppressing Guardians was enraged and sent Chen Xiang flying with a slap.

Chen Xiang laid on the ground like a pile of mud. However, he was laughing crazily like a madman.

"Hahahaha..." Chen Xiang’s body was in great pain, and when he laughed, he even cried out in pain, which sounded extremely strange.

"What are you laughing about? You’re about to die!" Just as Hell Suppressing Guardians brandished the iron chain in his hand, his expression suddenly changed. He discovered that his energy was rapidly draining away.

"Those who are still in danger of death, who do you still not know!" Chen Xiang endured his pain and laughed: "The blood I spat out just now, tasted good right?!"

Hell Suppressing Guardians’s face paled. "Poisonous ... It’s the Super Old poison! "