Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Hell Suppressing Guardians suddenly felt his body turning soft and cold. Two other powers were flowing in his blood.

This Hell Suppressing Guardians was just too powerful. After he found out about the poison, he immediately used his powerful strength to suppress the Super Old poison.

"Just how many types of Super Old poison are there?" Hell Suppressing Guardians’s expression turned uglier and uglier. He could feel that there were several types of poison, and they were very powerful, all at the Super Old poison’s level.

"Not many, just five." Chen Xiang laughed out loud: "What, you’re scared, aren’t you invincible? I want to see how you can get rid of these five Super Old poison, how you can enjoy yourself enjoying so many Super Old poison s before you die, I’m afraid you’re the first person in history, your luck is good."

Chen Xiang had previously hidden those gentle Super Old poison inside his body, and spat out a poisonous pill while spitting out blood.

Hell Suppressing Guardians was anxious and angry, he bellowed, he did not dare to shout, afraid of triggering the poison.

"Don’t be happy too early, to tell you the truth, we came in a small team, we have a total of four people, and I still have three other companions on the way. Although the Super Old poison are powerful, I can still hold on, and as long as my companions send me back to hell, I will have a way to expel the poison." The Hell Suppressing Guardians sat on the ground and closed his eyes to suppress the Super Old poison.

Chen Xiang laughed coldly: "You had intended to keep the four Divine Deity pellets for yourself just now, but now you call them your companions. You didn’t think of all these companions just now."

"You’re so heavily injured right now, you should just lie there and wait for death." Hell Suppressing Guardians opened his eyes and glared at Chen Xiang. At this moment, his entire body was covered in sweat, because those Super Old poison s were truly too strong.

Chen Xiang also felt that it was unbelievable, that Magical corruption gas, Drunk god magical poison, Blood Orchid Mantra, Blood Orchid Mantra and Old Man Gu were mixed together, and the quantity was so large, but this Hell Suppressing Guardians could actually endure it.

"There are still three Hell Suppressing Guardians s coming. It looks like I have to enter the dark area now." Chen Xiang had already sensed the auras of the other three Hell Suppressing Guardians s.

"My comrade is here. You will die today." The Hell Suppressing Guardians heaved a sigh of relief. Right now, he did not dare to use his powers carelessly.

After saying that, Hell Suppressing Guardians suddenly felt his body moving.

"What are you doing?" Hell Suppressing Guardians looked around and realized that the land he and Chen Xiang were on was actually moving swiftly towards the dark area ahead.

"Of course it’s to go inside. I heard that it’s very scary inside. In any case, you and I are about to die, so why don’t we just die inside?"

Chen Xiang laughed. Although he was lying there and did not move, his soul was not harmed at all, and his god powers were vast, allowing him to use spatial powers and perform spatial techniques similar to the Earth Shrinking Art to move to the other side.

"Bastard, stop it. Do you really not know how scary it is inside?" At this moment, he was getting closer and closer to the dark region. He could clearly see the black aura floating outside the darkness region and as long as he passed through the huge black belt, he would enter the darkness region.

"I truly do not know. No matter how frightening it is inside, since I am going to die, I might as well drag you down with me." Chen Xiang laughed very easily.

"You ..." It was unknown whether Hell Suppressing Guardians was so angry that he could not speak, or was scared speechless.

In the blink of an eye, Chen Xiang and Hell Suppressing Guardians were wearing a black belt, it was pitch black inside.

But the darkness did not last long before they saw some light, and then they felt themselves falling. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"The space is changing." Chen Xiang frowned, they were originally going forward, but now they suddenly dropped, going left and right at the same time.

"Can you go back?" Long Xueyi asked.

"I don’t know yet, but the changes in space here are very strange. Even if I have the Space Laws, it would still be difficult to find out." Chen Xiang said: "Looks like the power that separates here, other than the power of space, there is also another type of Law Energy. When these two powers are combined together, and then mixed together in reverse, it’s very difficult to fathom."

"What is the power of the other law?" asked curiously. Other than Long Xueyi, no one else knew of Chen Xiang’s miserable state.

"It should be the Time Laws. The power of time has always been mysterious, I’m not too sure either. In short, the chaos in space plus the confusion in time forms a very strong barrier. It’s very difficult to leave this place after entering." Chen Xiang said.

After a while, neither Chen Xiang nor the Hell Suppressing Guardians moved. They were both lying in the same place and there was the scent of the soil in this place. They had already arrived at a relatively normal place but this place was completely dark.

"Nine Crimson Star, Nine Calamity God’s Punishment, finished, everything is finished ..." The Hell Suppressing Guardians watched as the nine blood stars formed in a straight line, emitting a blood-red glow that enveloped the entire ground.

The ground was eerily dark red, and the surroundings were a desolate place. The faint blood-red light shone through, and one could see the dark red, withered hills, which added to the eerie atmosphere of the place.

"What Divine Punishment of the Nine Disasters?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Hmph, we were killed by you. Without sufficient strength, we cannot leave this place." The Hell Suppressing Guardians glared at Chen Xiang. "You better give me a quick death right now so that my soul can quickly descend into hell ... However, looking at you, you don’t have the ability to kill me. "

All the bones in Chen Xiang’s body shattered, but he could still move. He could make his divine power seep into his four limbs, and then use his divine power to replace the bones and allow himself to move flexibly.

"Weren’t you afraid before? Why are you in such a hurry to die?" Chen Xiang was very confused.

"If you don’t die soon, as long as the 9 stars circulate, you won’t be able to die even if you want to. You will be tortured until the next time the 9 stars form a new line." Hell Suppressing Guardians looked up in fear, seeing the nine blood-red stars that were emitting red light in the sky, "That is the God’s Punishment, the power that specializes in punishing the Gods. If one receives the highest punishment in Gods Realm, they will be thrown here, and only after nine consecutive rounds will they be released.

Chen Xiang exclaimed: "Doesn’t that mean there are other gods here?"

"This place is an ancient God’s Punishment Grounds, it has already been sealed for a very long time, but the energy that is circulating here is still here, so it will be sealed here. There are no gods left in this place, you can leave after being tortured here for 981 times." This is an ancient God’s Punishment Grounds, it has already been sealed for a very long time, but the energy that is circulating here is still here, so it will be sealed here.

Hell Suppressing Guardians’s face was filled with despair. "And when the great calamity descends, you will not die, because this place will make you endure endless pain at all times."