Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"I don’t need it for now. This place isn’t suitable for me. I should take the opportunity to copy some of the poison now!" Chen Xiang had used up all of his Super Old poison s, so he had to refine some of them just in case.

It had taken him three months to duplicate the poison and then refine it again, and the progress of the ring was also very slow. After refining the Space black iron, they had to refine it a step further to be able to raise the quality of the Space black iron, otherwise the refined treasure would not be good.

Chen Xiang had stayed here for more than a year, but he had not encountered any danger. The nine blood colored Bane Stars in the sky were still the same as before, lining up in a straight line without any movement!

Although it was safe until now, Chen Xiang was still rather worried. The only thing that made him feel at ease was that he would not die here, but from the description of the Hell Suppressing Guardians, he would definitely die rather than live.

"What are your plans now?" Long Xueyi said: "There’s no danger right now, it seems that it will take a while before this place will start to circulate. You can continue to cultivate, it would be best to refine that Divine Deity."

Chen Xiang asked: "If my Divine Deity becomes stronger, will it be of help in my cultivation of Emperor soul?"

Long Xueyi immediately replied. "Of course it’s helpful, you can try if you don’t believe it, you should know the benefits of having a strong Divine Deity in order to cultivate the divine soul. If you don’t have the divine soul, do you think that you can refine those swallowed divine souls that quickly?"

"Of course not, it’s just that I feel that it’s very difficult for me to cultivate a Emperor soul, unlike other people!"

This was not an illusion on Chen Xiang’s part, Long Xueyi had the same feeling.’s soul was already very powerful, stronger than even some of the Strong of Lord Stage’s Emperor soul’s, but his soul was still not that of a Emperor soul.

Long Xueyi said: "This is a good thing, it means that your Emperor soul will be very powerful! But don’t worry too much about your Emperor soul’s abilities. It should be related to refining pills and it will definitely be of help to you. "

"Mn, I will start refining the Hell Prince’s Divine Deity now, don’t be so tired while you’re inside, I still haven’t thought of a way to get out of here."

If it wasn’t for the dangers of this place, he would have let the girls out and had them have a good chat.

Chen Xiang began to cultivate and refine the Divine Deity!

Inside his Divine Sense Sea, a cauldron appeared. It was formed by him using the Heavenly Alchemy, and inside the furnace was a Taiji array that was filled with the composition of Spirit grain. The Divine Deity was suspended above the Taiji array, and following the rotation of the Taiji array, the Divine Deity continuously released some black qi, forcing the evil consciousness inside the Divine Deity to come out.

"Hell Devil Emperor, no matter how strong you are, I will not lower my head to you. Just you wait! Sooner or later, I will let you know how powerful I am. Don’t think that hiding in hell will allow you to rest easy. "

Determined, Chen Xiang clenched his fist and the Divine Deity of the Hell Prince inside the Divine Sense Sea immediately shattered, turning into a sheet of sparkling and translucent light, all of it being absorbed by his own Divine Deity.

As expected, after his Divine Deity absorbed the powder, it had become much more powerful. At least, he could feel that his perception towards strength was much sharper than before and was able to unleash the greater potential of his body.

Previously, Lv Zhen had said that if he wanted to become stronger, he would have to grab it from his physical body. Only when his physical body becomes stronger would his Divine Deity and divine soul become stronger, and only after balancing would they be able to unleash their strongest powers.

"Now I’m training my fleshly body!" If my physical body cannot keep up, maybe I won’t be able to cultivate Emperor soul! " Every time Chen Xiang devoured and refined a few divine souls, even though he felt that he had clearly improved, and always felt that he was not too far away from becoming a Emperor soul, he was still unable to cultivate a Emperor soul after so long. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Therefore, he now decided to cultivate his fleshly body to an even stronger level!

"There is a Spirit Refinement Method and a Body Refinement Method in the Heavenly Alchemy. I will try it now!" Chen Xiang stood up, his legs slightly opening up, his fists clenched, he steadily stood on the ground, and started circulating the Heavenly Alchemy’s body tempering manual.

A circular Array appeared under his legs, the mystical mystical Spirit grain that was drawn with the divine power was releasing waves of piercing gold light. Following the appearance of countless Spirit grain, a red light suddenly spurted out and enveloped his body.

Chen Xiang’s body was wrapped up by the red light. The red light was like an air flame, constantly pulsating and coiling around Chen Xiang’s body. Within the red light, there were also a lot of small Spirit grain s, which looked extremely strange.

It was difficult to explain it clearly, but in short, it was extremely uncomfortable. The clearest feeling was that his body felt like it was being pulled, like it was melting, and his bones felt like they were cracking, but it wasn’t really that painful, only a little sour and itchy, which were occasionally accompanied by a weak stinging sensation.

The reason why he used the Heavenly Alchemy to cultivate his fleshly body was because he was constantly using up the vast amounts of God Power in the Divine Sense Sea. These God Power could still be cultivated even after exhausting it, and the use of these God Power did not seem to be a waste.

Of course, only in this situation would he dare to use his God Power to cultivate.

When he used the Heavenly Alchemy to refine his body, the consumption of divine power was extremely fast. In merely half a day, Chen Xiang already felt that his extremely robust divine power had been reduced by eighty percent!

If this was an ordinary situation, it would be hard for him to suddenly lose so much divine power!

Now he stopped cultivating and ate some immortal pills that helped him recover his spiritual power. It took him four hours to recover and then he continued to cultivate his physical body.

After going on like this for more than ten days, Chen Xiang felt that his body had improved significantly, but it was still rather slow. This method of cultivating the body was the fastest way to not eat high level pellets, but it still required a lot of time. He felt that he would need at least hundreds, or even thousands, of years to see the best result.

"There’s no other way. If I want to make my body stronger quickly, the only way is to concoct the sacred pill. It seems that I need to learn to concoct the sacred pill here." Chen Xiang said.

"You can refine Sacred animal Dan and Tianlong Dan. These are the herbs in your possession that can continuously evolve." Long Xueyi laughed.

Chen Xiang already knew how to refine the Jadeite Divine Pellet for the Level Seven Spirit Pellet, but he didn’t have the materials for the next Level Eight and Nine, so he had never tried it.

The refined ingredients for Sacred animal Dan and Tianlong Dan could evolve. If it really wasn’t possible, then using these to refine one’s hands was also possible. It wasn’t that good, but it could more or less be used to raise one’s level.

"I can only give it a try. As long as I have time, I will refine a Grade Eight or Nine Sacred animal Dan. Then, I will continuously try to refine some Divine Pills." Chen Xiang had already planned to stay here for a while, until he could concoct the Holy Pellet.

Refining Sacred animal fruit and Tianlong Dan, even if their grade had increased, it would not be too difficult to refine them. Because the refining method was always like that, the only thing that needed to be altered was the control over the temperature of the furnace, so if he kept refining the two pellets, it would at most allow Chen Xiang to familiarize himself with the control of the fire during refining process.

As long as the temperature of the fire increased, it would be beneficial to him in concocting the Holy Pellet. After all, he was using the Heavenly Alchemy when concocting pills, not the Foreseeing Alchemy!

For Foreseeing Alchemy to raise his level, he would need to go through a lot of training. For example, Chen Xiang only knew how to refine Level 7 immortal pills, if he wanted to refine Level 8 immortal pills, he would need to use the Foreseeing Alchemy to refine a lot of Level 7 immortal pills.

Furthermore, there was no need for God purification. As long as one had a certain level of experience, with a soul and flames that were strong enough, they would know how strong the flames were when refining a Grade Seven Celestial Pellet.

"You have quite a lot of Holy level medicinal ingredients, and some are useful to your body. If you were to use them to concoct a sacred pill, it wouldn’t be a problem for you to obtain a strong physical body as soon as possible." Long Xueyi said.

"Meng’er, do you need to eat some high grade immortal pills to improve your cultivation?" Chen Xiang asked: "You can put aside the work at hand, I’m not in a hurry to get that ship anyways, I care more about your strength being raised."

"Let’s not use that for now. Refining every day is also a form of cultivation. If you can refine a Holy Pellet, so what if our progress is slower?" Liu Meng’er smiled and said: "You already have a Holy Pellet, when the time comes, wouldn’t it be even easier for us to become stronger? It’s much better than training hard now! "

"That’s right, it would be even better if you had a soul by then. You should start concocting the Holy Elixir as soon as possible." Xue Xianxian chuckled, "Sister Xue Yi gave us so many delicious things everyday, it’s not much worse than those immortal pills. Don’t worry about me."

"That’s good, then I’ll be troubling you." Chen Xiang’s heart suddenly filled with an indescribable warmth.

"Don’t be polite with us." Dongfang Xinyue scoffed, "You really don’t treat us as your own people!"

Chen Xiang chatted with the girls for a while before he started to refine the [Immortal Grade Eight Sacred animal Dan].

When a Level Eight Immortal Sacred animal fruit was placed inside the Yanlong furnace, Chen Xiang used the Sacred Flame to heat it up and began to refine it. He now had a deeper understanding of the Heavenly Alchemy, so he felt that it would be much easier to refine it in the future.

Now, when he was refining the Sacred animal Dan, he felt that it had become much simpler!

In the past, if he wanted to refine the medicinal ingredients, he would need to continuously use his divine power to attack the spirit within the ingredients, and at the same time, control the powerful flames to burn them.

Furthermore, after he gained a deeper understanding of the Heavenly Alchemy, he had improved it when he was using it. When he started refining the herbs, it was not that difficult anymore, but he needed to release a flame that had a spiritual nature. The flame was released through some methods of the Heavenly Alchemy, although it was only a small flame, it consumed a lot of mental strength.

Right now, Chen Xiang had to control the strength of the spirit fire. After finding a suitable temperature, he would be able to quickly refine the Sacred animal fruit, although he needed to adjust his body a little at the beginning, but once he found the right spot, he could quickly refine the spirit fire.