Hell Devil Emperor was also a god, and a rather famous one as well. However, because he was in charge of hell, he gave off a very bad impression. Although Chen Xiang and Hell Devil Emperor had never met him, they were enemies.

Chen Xiang was worried that the Hell Devil Emperor would hand over four Divine Deity s, and was worried that this matter would spread to Gods Realm, and his appearance would be known by the Hell Devil Emperor as well. Right now, Feng Shen’s disciple had come to this place, causing him to worry.

Furthermore, the fellow who came this time was a genuine god, he was extremely powerful, much stronger than the Arrogant Wolf God who had been suppressed in hell for many years.

This Feng Shen’s disciple is called Tian Hao. He is a little god in the Gods Realm and is not very strong in the Gods Realm, but he is a very terrifying guy to us. At that time, you must be extremely careful, and it would be best for you to be able to control your own thoughts. Steward Tai warned Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang nodded with a serious face. He was also extremely worried for the little god called Tian Hao.

On the second day, Chen Xiang arrived at the entrance of the silver warehouse very early. Today, he arrived earlier than Yu Fan, so when Yu Fan arrived, he was very satisfied.

"Tomorrow, my master will come. When that happens, you have to be careful not to speak too much." Yu Fan said.

Chen Xiang nodded.

"Two hundred bags today." After Yu Fan opened the door to the warehouse and entered, he gave Chen Xiang some Storage bag s.

Yu Fan thought for a bit, then gave Chen Xiang another basket of Storage bag, and said: "Get another two hundred bags, and get the ones for tomorrow as well. My master is coming over tomorrow, and I can entertain him when the time comes.

Chen Xiang was overjoyed. To be able to prevent him from seeing that Tian Hao, that was what he wished for.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang immediately started his construction. Just like before, he took out a small jade hut and went inside to cultivate.

"Yesterday, I lost a lot of blood and bought a divine furnace. I spent over 500 million silver coins to make up for it today!" Chen Xiang was secretly happy. It had only been one night, but the amount of silver here had increased by a lot, and the holes above would always drop silver coins.

Chen Xiang did not show mercy. He was also a little worried that Tian Hao would see through his identity and not have a chance in the future.

He had the courage from a dozen or so days ago, but now, when Chen Xiang casually took away the silver, it was extremely crazy. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

When he finished his work, he received 1.5 billion yuan. Now that he had 2 billion yuan, he was very satisfied.

However, Yu Fan did not look at it too much. He received Chen Xiang’s Storage bag and walked out of the warehouse with a frown. He did not even give Chen Xiang any money.

Today, four hundred bags, were equivalent to four billion silver coins. It was normal for them to be empty all of a sudden, but Yu Fan did not suspect anything.

"This fellow is definitely at a bottleneck, and is in a bad mood. However, his teacher should be able to guide him when he comes tomorrow." Long Xueyi laughed, "You can go around leisurely tomorrow."

Chen Xiang snorted: "Easy on you head, I still need to concoct pills, as long as I can concoct the Holy Pellet, I can openly earn money."

Liu Meng’er said: "If you were to sell a large amount of Holy Pellets here, it would definitely attract the attention of the Gods Realm.

"I’m not afraid, I’ll just change my appearance!" By the way, how are you doing? Is that stove working? But it took me 500 million silver. " Chen Xiang asked.

"The progress is very smooth, and before long, the Space black iron can be refined!" Leng Youlan said: "It’s pretty fun! Brother, you better think of a way to get some Top stone, and get as many as you have. Otherwise, who knows when you can start refining. "

Dongfang Xinyue replied, "Actually, there’s no need to rush. Hell Devil Emperor’s hands can’t reach out here, and our smithing level also needs to be improved. We can first settle with the high-grade saint artifact, and then, we can refine some of the more common divine weapons."

Xue Xianxian nodded: "When we are completely confident, we can start refining the divine vessel. Those ingredients are all very precious, if we fail, we will lose a lot of them! If we were to succeed in refining the Divine Vessel, we can pretty much start to refine the Suzaku bow and at that time, you will be able to gather the Four Symbols Divine Weapons! "

"Alright, I’ll train hard myself. When I have enough strength, I’ll be able to control the powerful divine weapons!" Once the Four Symbols Divine Weapons is gathered, they will definitely become a lot more powerful, just that I don’t know what will happen next. " Chen Xiang was very much looking forward to this.

He returned to his room and set up a barrier around his room. He then started to refine a Tier 8 Immortal Consolidating Equipment Pill. Once it was completed, he could buy Jiupin spiritual Dan’s herbs. He was getting closer and closer to the Holy Elixir.

Refining the Solidified Spirit Pill was not as simple as refining Tianlong Dan and Sacred animal Dan. It was a lot more difficult.

Chen Xiang’s time was rather tight, because he had to go to the warehouse every day to work. Unlike the past, he could not continuously cultivate and refine pellets in seclusion, so he was very careful when concocting the Soul Consolidating Pellet.

He had been refining for a full five hours. For him to have been so cautious in concocting pills for so long, it was normal for him to succeed. However, this time, he failed.

"What’s going on?" Chen Xiang opened the furnace and took a deep breath, discovering that the Medicine aura were in the wrong.

"That bastard Peng Renyi, there’s a problem with the medicinal ingredients he sold to me." Chen Xiang was secretly furious in his heart. If not for the problems with these medicinal ingredients, he might have been able to succeed.

Chen Xiang took out the other medicinal ingredients that he had copied. After an hour of examination, he discovered that there was one that was not good. These were the first two medicinal ingredients that he had copied.

"There’s something inside!" Chen Xiang frowned: "What exactly is this thing?"

After studying it for more than two hours, he realized that the spiritual energy contained within was very strange.

"This guy!" Chen Xiang became even angrier: "Does he want to use this kind of mental power to control me?"

Long Xueyi said: "It’s very possible, even though this guy is laughing all day, he’s not any good person. You have to be careful of him, even Steward Tai is better than him."

"I know." Chen Xiang carefully examined the other medicinal herbs, but he did not find any other problems.

"If it was refined using the Foreseeing Alchemy, it would most likely succeed. I just don’t know what would happen if I eat it!" Chen Xiang snorted: "This guy probably doesn’t think that I will be able to refine it either, but he still keeps it in mind and added a few more things inside. If by any chance I succeed, after eating it, I’ll be at his mercy."