Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

At first, Peng Renyi gave Chen Xiang a good impression that he trusted him completely, but now, his good impression of Peng Renyi was completely ruined.

"If there’s a chance in the future, I must let him see my power!" Chen Xiang continued to refine pills.

The day of leave that Yu Fan gave him was about to pass. He needed to hurry and get used to the time, if he could concoct this Soul Consolidating Pellet, and get familiar with it, he could become a Jiupin spiritual Dan and then reach the Holy Pellet!

In the early morning, when there were many chirping birds outside the small house, Chen Xiang opened the door and stood inside the small yard to take a deep breath of the morning fresh air.

Although he was able to successfully refine the Spirit-Strengthening Pill, the ingredients used were all made using Peng Renyi’s copies, so he did not dare to eat them.

Chen Xiang came to the silver warehouse very early today, but that Yu Fan had arrived even earlier. When he reached the door, he saw Steward Tai giving him a meaningful glance from afar.

He immediately understood that Tian Hao was in the warehouse!

He hurriedly took off the storage ring that Steward Tai had given him and placed it inside the ring. As for the ring, he didn’t know where to hide it, as he had a feeling that it would be discovered as well.

"Put it in the Divine Sense Sea! Although your Divine Sense Sea is just in spirit, but it can be placed into Divine Deity, spirit, or even a sacred pill. The Dark Dragon Ring can also be placed there, however, it can’t be placed there for too long, or else the ring will become unstable, and we will be in danger. " Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang immediately followed Long Xueyi’s instructions, with a thought, he controlled the ring to enter his Divine Sense Sea, this technique was indeed effective, he could clearly feel the invisible ring disappeared from his finger.

Only then did he walk into the warehouse with a sense of relief.

Yu Fan was already inside, and there was a tall and skinny middle-aged man standing beside Yu Fan. He looked very ordinary, but gave Chen Xiang a very strong pressure, causing Chen Xiang to be secretly alarmed, in his view, the person in front of him was much stronger than the Arrogant Wolf God.

Previously, Steward Tai had told him that Tian Hao was a true god and that Chen Xiang’s concept of strength was only on the level of Arrogant Wolf God. But now that he had experienced the power of this kind of god, he truly believed that he could be easily crushed to death at any time.

"Greetings, milords." Chen Xiang hurriedly bowed. He was extremely nervous in his heart, it was all because of the formless pressure that came from Tian Hao’s body.

Yu Fan and Tian Hao both nodded. Their master and disciple pair were the same, they never had any other expression, just an indifferent expression, seemingly very cold. However, Chen Xiang felt that this was related to their cultivation technique.

"This is today’s mission." Yu Fan had given Chen Xiang a hundred Storage bag, so there weren’t many today’s matters.

Chen Xiang took the Storage bag and walked over to the side of a piece of silver. Right now, even if he was given a hundred guts, he wouldn’t dare to play tricks in front of a God.

He knew that Yu Fan being placed here was not a good job, but this was also not something he could decide. Yu Fan being able to find a decent person to complete these boring jobs for him and take the time to cultivate was not bad.

"Master, you should head back earlier. I’m doing pretty well here, so you don’t have to worry about me." Yu Fan said.

Tian Hao sighed, "Hell Devil Emperor is really too lawless. They actually came here to arrest him. I don’t know what he’s planning to do to this place. You must be careful not to come into conflict with him."

"Only the Founder of the God of Fortune can deal with this fellow. However, if it isn’t anything major, the God of Fortune won’t do anything about it."

Yu Fan understood Tian Hao’s meaning. If he were to be bullied by the Hell Devil Emperor here, he could not do anything, unless he was killed.

"At that time, should we help the Hell Devil Emperor capture him? so that he can leave as soon as possible? " Yu Fan asked.

"No need, because Hell Devil Emperor is in charge of this terrible mess called hell, many big shots gave him face! Otherwise, if they brought down the Hell Devil Emperor, someone would have to go to hell to take over the job. As long as Hell Devil Emperor does not go overboard, no one will say anything about him. " Tian Hao said.

When Chen Xiang heard this, he was extremely shocked. Hell Devil Emperor actually had a way to come here!

Hell Devil Emperor was unable to enter the Nine Heaven World s and Endless Heaven Realm s. If he were to personally go there, then it would be against the rules set down by the Gods Realm s.

However, entering the Divine Prison was different, he would not break any rules here!

"What kind of fella provoked the Hell Devil Emperor? To actually let the Hell Devil Emperor spend so much, bribe the Penalty Heavenly God, and then personally come here to arrest him. " Yu Fan sighed. This Divine Prison had been quiet for so long, it was finally going to be lively.

Tian Hao said, "Hell Devil Emperor will not come personally. It would be too much of a burden for a God with his strength to come here and capture someone. However, he can send subordinates over. Those subordinates of his are all very strong."

Chen Xiang was very nervous just now, but he was much more at ease now. As long as the Hell Devil Emperor did not personally come, he would be much safer.

"At that time, no matter what request the people of the Hell Devil Emperor make, or what conditions they have, we must never agree to help them capture others. My master had instructed me before, he must not care about the other native bank s, and the people of the Feng Shen Native Bank definitely cannot have anything to do with them." Tian Hao warned Yu Fan very seriously.

Right now, the Feng Shen Native Bank was being managed by Yu Fan.

Yu Fan repeatedly nodded his head, "I also know that there was a conflict between Master and Hell Devil Emperor, I will definitely remember it."

Tian Hao’s master was Feng Shen, also known as Yu Fan’s Grand Master. Chen Xiang laughed in his heart. He was staying in the Feng Shen Native Bank right now, so if the Hell Devil Emperor wanted them to hand over the person, would they hand it over or not?

Tian Hao said, "This is not because of the conflict between Master and Hell Devil Emperor. There are other factors! The main reason was that the Hell Devil Emperor was not popular! Although he cleaned up this mess of hell very well, he had also used hell to rapidly increase his own strength. Right now, the Gods are worried that one day, he has enough power to command the Gods Realm. "

Yu Fan frowned, "Could it be that the gods have already planned to make their move against him?" Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Tian Hao said, "It’s only a part of my consciousness. Even I don’t know much about this sort of thing. In short, Master had warned us not to get involved with the Hell Devil Emperor at all, or else those who are on good terms with the Hell Devil Emperor will be punished!"

Chen Xiang did not expect that the Gods Realm was also in a mess.

"The Hell Devil Emperor has sent someone! The guy who has come is definitely the regular army of the Hell Devil Emperor, and is different from this kind of guy! " Although the Hell Devil Emperor did not come, Chen Xiang still felt a lot of pressure.

Although the Hell Devil Emperor’s territory was only in the Infernal Realm, the Gods Realm definitely had its subordinates. It might not even be able to cultivate evil powers, so it would be even more difficult for him to deal with them.

"If only I could get rid of Hell Devil Emperor’s Tracing mantra faster." With Chen Xiang here, he couldn’t use the power of the spatial laws at all. If it was the past, he could still hide in the tyrannical space to hide, but now it was no longer possible.

"Could it be that the reason the Hell Devil Emperor sent out his son, Arrogant Wolf God, and Hell Suppressing Guardians was to force me into this Divine Prison?! To me, this Divine Prison is a hopeless situation. " Chen Xiang thought about it carefully and suddenly felt terrified.

When the Hell Devil Troop appeared outside of the Life Forest earlier, it made him feel that the Hell Devil Emperor was doing something to stop him from entering the depths of the Life Forest. Then, the Hell Prince appeared again.

If that was all, then this Hell Devil Emperor had sacrificed a lot and all of this was to make him look like a turtle in a jar in this desperate situation!

Hell Devil Emperor had used his Divine Deity to reward him for so long, but he still could not catch him. At that time, many people thought that Hell Devil Emperor did not have any other methods.

But now, the Hell Devil Emperor had schemed against him bit by bit, allowing him to enter the Divine Prison!

"As expected, this Hell Devil Emperor is not simple. I have nowhere to go." Chen Xiang began to think of a way to deal with the Hell Devil Emperor chasing after him. Divine Prison was not big, he had nowhere to hide.

Tian Hao came here from the Gods Realm to tell Yu Fan about this.

After Tian Hao left, Yu Fan immediately went into the jade hut to cultivate.

Right now, Chen Xiang did not have the mood to take the money away, because a huge crisis was about to befall upon him. Once his identity was exposed, he would not be able to work here either.

"Looks like I have to think of something tonight!" Chen Xiang quickly finished his work.

After he sent Steward Tai away, he laid on his bed and thought carefully about how to deal with Hell Devil Emperor’s chase and killing. Originally, he thought that he would be safe once he came to this place, but he never thought that Hell Devil Emperor would have the ability to send his power here.

"Looks like I have to hurry up and leave this place. I need to get a thousand gold coins as soon as possible!" As long as he could return to the Endless Heaven Realm or the Nine Heaven World, using the power of space there would be impossible for the Hell Devil Emperor to catch him. But here, his power of space had lost its effectiveness and he wouldn’t even be able to escape.

Long Xueyi replied, "Isn’t Divine Deity worth a lot? If you can get a Divine Deity here, sell it on your own hands, and don’t ask for much divine money, just enough to buy one thousand. "

Divine Deity were extremely expensive, even the formed Divine Deity that were relatively inferior were all sold off at a very high price!

"If he has Divine Deity, it would be best to buy a Yu Fan. Because he is connected to the Gods Realm, he should also have some divine money on him." Chen Xiang said, this was the only way to quickly obtain the divine money, but the prerequisite was that he had to obtain a set of Divine Deity.

"Peng Renyi!"

Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi thought of this black-hearted fatty at the same time. Peng Renyi definitely had his Divine Deity, but his strength was very strong and he was also very smart, it was not easy to kill him.

"I wonder when the people from the Hell Devil Emperor will come. Hopefully they won’t be that fast, because that way, I would have enough time." Chen Xiang’s plan to stay in the Divine Prison for the long term had failed. He had to come up with a new plan to escape.