Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang worked as usual. Without the little god, Tian Hao, watching over him, he once again took out his silver coins. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

He knew from Steward Tai that in one month’s time, the Feng Shen Native Bank would implement even stricter management. He guessed that it was very likely that it was to deal with the people that the Hell Devil Emperor had sent, which meant that he still had a month’s time.

"If I can get enough silver from the warehouse this month, I won’t have to think of anything else." Chen Xiang had more than 2 billion silver now, which was equivalent to 20 gold coins. If he wanted to collect 1000 silver coins within a month, he would need to gather at least 30 silver coins every day.

With things having progressed to this point, Chen Xiang could only wait until one month later before making any plans. In any case, the people from the Hell Devil Emperor had not come yet, so he could only stay here peacefully.

"When the time comes, I’ll have to sell the holy fruit!" The sacred fruit should be quite valuable here. " After Chen Xiang finished working, he went to the top of the street to find out the price of the Holy level’s medicinal herbs.

"My Green dragon demon-slain broadsword should not be just rich, Peng Renyi must have intentionally lowered the price." Of course, Chen Xiang didn’t want to sell the Green dragon demon-slain broadsword, he just felt that Peng Renyi was really too much of a bastard. On the surface, he looked like he was doing well, but after thinking about it carefully, he was actually scheming against him.

The Holy level Herbs here were relatively valuable, but they could only be sold for tens of millions of silver, unless they were high-grade Holy level Herbs.

Chen Xiang’s current grasp of the Holy level’s medicinal ingredients were all of the lowest quality, but this gave him an additional method of earning silver.

"Looks like I have to take the risk in the future." Chen Xiang decided to take some extra silver from the warehouse every day. Maybe he would be able to gather enough after a month.

After finishing his daily work, he did not have the spare time to idle around either as he was condensing the spirit liquid.

"If it’s just Holy level medicinal herbs, the price would definitely be very low. But if it’s God level, then the worst kind of God level medicinal herbs can be sold for a pretty good price." Chen Xiang looked at the fiery-red pearl. This was the fruit core of the Earthly fruit, after confirming with him, the Earthly fruit was a genuine divine fruit, only that it was one of the weaker ones among the God level medicinal ingredients.

Right now, he did not know what the price was, but as long as he could get it out, he would definitely be able to find a good buyer and make a huge profit.

"Hell Devil Emperor, don’t think that I have nowhere to go. We’ll see." Chen Xiang racked his brain, and finally thought of a few ways to help him earn money. If he was given a little more time, he wouldn’t be so nervous.

20 days had passed, and Chen Xiang had taken a total of 30 billion silver from the warehouse. Furthermore, he had used his work time to run around and exchange it for God’s money.

In such a short period of time, the amount of divine money he had could be said to be incredibly fast. Many people had stayed here for hundreds of thousands of years, but they still couldn’t obtain as much. Of course, this was all thanks to the underground palace that made the money.

Although he already had quite a bit of godly money, he was still far from 1000.

Just as he finished his work, Chen Xiang was already on the streets when he suddenly saw a portrait on the wall!

That was a bounty order for him, a total of 30,000 dollars!

To Hell Devil Emperor, thirty thousand was simply a drop in the bucket. Previously, when Hell Devil Emperor had placed a bounty on Chen Xiang, four Divine Deity s would be considered a big deal, but one Divine Deity was able to sell for a very high price. Compared to the four Divine Deity s, thirty thousand god coins was nothing.

But here, thirty thousand gold coins was enough for thirty experts to form a small team to deal with him! The other requirement of the Bounty Token was to capture them alive. This could be a bit difficult.

"I was too careless. If I had changed my appearance back then, I wouldn’t have had such a headache right now." Chen Xiang regretted that he did not change his appearance when he first entered this place. He had to use his original appearance until now, otherwise, he wouldn’t have worried.

He originally thought that it would take a month, but now, he was actually ten days ahead of schedule. Now, he couldn’t return to the Feng Shen Native Bank!

30,000 was not a small amount of money. The people who were imprisoned in this place had to spend their entire lives trying to gather enough money to pay a thousand dollars to leave this place.

Maybe only people of Yu Fan’s level would not be interested in this godly money, but it was hard to say for Peng Renyi and Steward Tai, especially Peng Renyi, who believed that he was definitely looking for him everywhere right now.

When Chen Xiang saw the portrait showing him the bounty, he immediately changed his appearance.

Just as he was about to turn around and leave, he saw Yu Fan standing behind him!

Yu Fan looked at his eyes, then looked at the portrait that was bounty on his head. Then, she sent a sound transmission to him, "I know you’re Chen Xiang!"

"Lord Yu, you probably won’t come and capture me for the thirty thousand dollars, right?" Chen Xiang replied.

"If it’s four Divine Deity s, I will consider it. However, if I really want to capture you for four Divine Deity s, I fear that I will be expelled from the sect. Follow me." Yu Fan turned and walked towards the Feng Shen Native Bank.

Chen Xiang had previously heard Yu Fan and his master Tian Hao’s conversation. Feng Shen and Hell Devil Emperor had a grudge, so Yu Fan definitely did not dare to help Hell Devil Emperor catch someone.

Many people in the Feng Shen Native Bank knew Chen Xiang, and Steward Tai was currently with Peng Renyi, searching for him everywhere. However, he did not know that Chen Xiang had already followed him back to the Feng Shen Native Bank.

Yu Fan’s residence was at the most peaceful place in Feng Shen Native Bank. Chen Xiang sat opposite to him and watched him quietly drink his tea.

"Lord Yu ..." Chen Xiang wanted to speak, but was cut off by a wave of Yu Fan’s hand.

"I know your situation ... "Actually, you’ve been going to the warehouse for money recently, right?" The usually cold Yu Fan smiled at Chen Xiang, but his smile was not very ugly.

When Chen Xiang exchanged the silver for the divine money, he changed his appearance. He was sure that no one would know, even if Yu Fan found out that he had stolen some silver from the warehouse, they would not know how much it was.

"I’m sorry, I was forced to leave this place in a hurry." Chen Xiang sighed.

Yu Fan was not stupid. He knew that the last time Chen Xiang heard him and Tian Hao’s conversation at the warehouse, he knew that Hell Devil Emperor would come here.

"It doesn’t matter how much you take from the warehouse! I don’t like the money at all. " Yu Fan said indifferently, he looked at Chen Xiang with a scrutinizing gaze: "Hell Devil Emperor once used four Divine Deity s to offer you a bounty, but after you ran to this place, he cancelled the bounty and now, with the price of thirty thousand gold, a large number of experts can move out!"

This made Chen Xiang feel that the Hell Devil Emperor was trying to force him to enter this Divine Prison.

"Chen Xiang, do you know why a God of Hell Devil Emperor would want to kill you?" Yu Fan asked.