Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang shook his head, but he had a guess in his heart.

Yu Fan said, "My master told me it was mainly because you have cultivated the Heavenly Alchemy!"

This was just like Chen Xiang had guessed, and was indeed because of the Heavenly Alchemy. Previously, the White Tiger had warned him to not reveal the Heavenly Alchemy, but later on he was unable to control himself and it was revealed.

Back then, when Qi Shi received such a blow from the Hell Devil Emperor, it was also because of this Heavenly Alchemy.

"I don’t understand. Isn’t it just a cultivation technique? Why is Hell Devil Emperor so nervous? My cultivation technique shouldn’t be able to threaten him, right? " Chen Xiang said.

"This is not because you can threaten him, but because he hopes to obtain the Heavenly Alchemy, or hopes that there will be a second person training in it! This Heavenly Alchemy is a very valuable technique even in the Gods Realm. Yu Fan said, "If Hell Devil Emperor gets his hands on the Heavenly Alchemy, he can use it to manage hell and refine all of the Evil Soul in hell into pellets for him to eat."

"That’s right, using the Heavenly Alchemy is indeed very easy, especially when you’re cultivating to a high level." Chen Xiang nodded.

"Before, he caught a guy who also trained in the Heavenly Alchemy, but he didn’t manage to get it. In the end, that guy’s soul dispersed in hell, and when he found out that you also cultivated the Heavenly Alchemy, he set his eyes on you!"

"If you die, according to the number of people you kill, you will definitely go to hell. Once you reach there, you will be at the mercy of the Hell Devil Emperor."

The guy Yu Fan was talking about, was Qi Shi!

Chen Xiang thought for a while, then continued to ask: "Then how did the Heavenly Alchemy come to be passed down from the Gods Realm?"

Yu Fan shook his head: "I also want to know how the grimoire of this kind of Gods Realm could spread to such a place."

"Then, in the past in Gods Realm, have any powerful people ever cultivated this Heavenly Alchemy before?" Chen Xiang asked again.

"There’s only one guy, but there’s no news of him since many years ago. I don’t know what he does either, I only know that he knows about Heavenly Alchemy."

Chen Xiang suspected that the Divine Deity he had fused with belonged to that person. Both the Heaven Earth Killing Method and the Heavenly Alchemy were from that person’s Divine Deity.

"Lord Yu, the reason you brought me here wasn’t because of this, right?" Although Yu Fan looked cold, but right now, Chen Xiang didn’t feel any kind of hostility from him. The feeling he gave others was much more reliable than people like Steward Tai and Peng Renyi.

"That’s right!" I have some things that I want to discuss with you, but don’t worry, I will get you to pass on the Heavenly Alchemy to me. Cultivating this Heavenly Alchemy will cause my death. " Yu Fan said.

"I’m not worth your attention. I just want to get out of here as soon as possible." Chen Xiang’s face was full of worry.

"I just want you to do something for me. When the time comes, I’ll give you a thousand gold coins or even more!" Yu Fan smiled slightly.

"What can I help you with?" "Count the silver coins?" Chen Xiang laughed at himself.

"You should know that the God of Fortune is my grandmaster. I’ve been learning the art of making God’s money from my master, but it’s not that easy to learn. Even my master’s daily production is pitifully low." Yu Fan said.

"Then why does it need so much money every day?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Feng Shen is my master, but I’ve never seen him before. My master has already taken him as his master for more than a hundred thousand years, but we haven’t been together for a total of ten days."

Hearing Yu Fan say that, Chen Xiang immediately understood, Feng Shen had a lot of disciples!

"How many disciples does Feng Shen have?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I don’t know. In short, there are many disciples and juniors. Only those who stand out will be recognized by Feng Shen. Those who become famous next to him will be able to learn even more! Feng Shen’s disciple, his daily task is to refine the divine money and hand it over to Feng Shen. In the end, Feng Shen will also give a portion of the divine money to the Founder. " Yu Fan looked at Chen Xiang: "I was sent down, and am quite unlucky, distance myself from my fellow apprentices, there is no learning atmosphere, if I were to encounter any problems, I will have to solve them myself. If this goes on, I will only fall behind my other fellow apprentices."

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "I understand, but why are you telling me all this?"

Yu Fan said: "I need a large amount of divine money. With a large amount of divine money, I can make up for the gap between me and others."

"You want me to help you get a lot of money? Would you like to use the silver from the warehouse to exchange for it? " Chen Xiang thought about it, and felt that this was the only way he could help Yu Fan.

Yu Fan shook his head: "That’s too little, how much money can the warehouse exchange for it? Hundreds of thousands? Several million? That’s not enough money! "

The corner of Chen Xiang’s eyes twitched: "Then what do you want? Tens of millions? Or hundreds of millions? "

"Hundreds of millions!" Yu Fan smirked, he seemed to be very ambitious.

Chen Xiang had never stayed in the Gods Realm before, but he knew that even with a few hundred million, there would still be a large sum there.

After taking in a deep breath, Chen Xiang asked: "How do you want me to help you?"

Since Yu Fan had a talk with him, it meant that he could help Yu Fan get that much divine money.

"Selling Divine Deity!" Yu Fan said: "I have been sent down, but I cannot kill anyone here. If I am discovered, even if the God of Fortune appears, he will not be able to save me."

Chen Xiang immediately understood: "You want me to kill someone and hand over the Divine Deity to you so that you can sell it when you return to the Gods Realm? Right! "

"Yes, I can’t kill you here, but you can! Furthermore, no one will know that you were helping me kill someone to retrieve Divine Deity, and everyone will only know that you were being hunted down. Furthermore, you have already left the Feng Shen Native Bank. " Yu Fan replied: "Don’t worry, I won’t treat you unfairly!"

Chen Xiang was still a little confused: "How much money can a single Divine Deity sell for in the Gods Realm? I heard that ordinary ones can sell for tens of millions of dollars! "

"Ten million is my previous price. Now that I have one of the worst shaped Divine Deity, it’s worth twenty million spirit stones. All you need to do is help me get twenty pieces of Divine Deity." Yu Fan said.

"Since it’s so profitable to sell Divine Deity? Then why didn’t you kill people in the Gods Realm to retrieve your Divine Deity? That is to say, isn’t there a lot of people above Gods Realm who would do this kind of thing? " Chen Xiang suddenly felt that selling Divine Deity was also quite profitable.

Yu Fan shook his head: "That’s where you’re wrong, as long as you’re in the Gods Realm, those who have cultivated Divine Deity, they would normally join a shrine, and be loyal to a god. They would establish a very mysterious connection with the divine hall. As long as this person died and their Divine Deity were taken away, the divine hall would know and then, they would pursue and kill the person who wielded the Divine Deity. If it was a bit more serious, the gods in the shrine would personally attack! "

"So, in the Gods Realm, there are very few cases of people hunting Divine Deity, unless you are sure that person hasn’t joined any shrine. Moreover, there are some places in the Gods Realm that are very strict, and there won’t be any fights. If you break the rules set by the Gods Realm, you will be caught by the Punishment Shrine, and eventually locked in this place. "

"The prisoners that are locked up in this place will have their Divine Deity cut off from the divine hall. Because the various divine halls do not wish for the people inside to be prisoners, hunting them down here can make a huge profit."

Chen Xiang’s hands were itching too. If he were to secretly collect some Divine Deity, and go to Gods Realm to attack them, wouldn’t he be able to become a rich man?

"Aren’t you afraid of being discovered?" Chen Xiang felt that Yu Fan was too bold.

"As long as I don’t get investigated by the other divine halls, no one will care where my Divine Deity comes from." Yu Fan said: "Actually I have a large limit, I can’t get too far away from Feng Shen Native Bank at the start, and most of my power was sealed by Penalty Heavenly God when I entered, but I have a strand of his power inside my body, as long as I am in danger of my life, Penalty Heavenly God will save me."

"Penalty Heavenly God is so powerful, did he not think that you would let the people here help you seize the Divine Deity?" If Chen Xiang did not understand all of this clearly, he did not want to be involved in this, in case something big happened.

Yu Fan laughed: "Of course he would consider such a thing! In fact, as long as a person who had been sent to Divine Prison continued to kill, it would be even more difficult to get out in the future and they might even be sent to hell! When entering the Divine Prison, everyone’s killing intent would be recorded, and if the killing intent was too strong when leaving the Divine Prison, then they would be in for a ride of misfortune. It’s not like there aren’t any people who would go to hell from here. "

"In this regard, the Punishment Hall has many ways to know whether or not you killed someone! However, you are different. You came here from somewhere else, so the Punishment Hall does not have your previous records. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

"Even though this is Divine Prison, my life is not too bad! If they went to hell with him, it would be a fate worse than death! As far as I know, even if we kill a person here, we will still be severely punished, unless we have a way to escape the Sentencing Temple’s detection. "

Chen Xiang chuckled: "If I don’t kill him myself, I won’t accumulate killing intent."

Yu Fan shook his head: "When taking the Divine Deity, you have to destroy the other party’s soul first, if not the other party’s soul will complain! When you exterminate the soul, you will also accumulate the aura of slaughter. "

"It seems like this Divine Prison has very strict rules!" Now, Chen Xiang understood why Peng Renyi said that it was safe, but he believed that Peng Renyi must have killed many people here.

"Alright, I’ll help you!" However, I am in a very bad situation right now! Hell Devil Emperor told me about the Tracing mantra and he can know where I am at any time. " Chen Xiang said: "If you can help me solve this problem, I think I can go even more smoothly."

"This is a bit troublesome." Yu Fan said: "Your cultivation is not high, but I know that you have ways to get the Divine Deity that I need!"

"It’s just a little troublesome, but you don’t have to worry too much! This place is isolated from the outside world, although Hell Devil Emperor knows your location, he cannot immediately inform his subordinates. But I believe that he will have a way, so it would be best for you to move quickly. "

Yu Fan took out a flying discs and handed it over to Chen Xiang: "I accidentally obtained this in the Gods Realm, no one knew that I had this thing. This thing is very quick, and can help you avoid being hunted down by those people."