Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had just sat up, and another gust of wind blew past. After the previous two times, he had become smarter, so he hastily dodged. If he was hit again, he could have been hit to death by the wind.

After dodging, he didn’t let down his guard because the gust of wind was still blowing. He controlled the Frisbee and flew quickly. He knew that he had met a very powerful person who was playing around with him.

Right now, if he wanted to leave this place, it would not be as easy as he thought. Not long after his Frisbee flew, a strong wind blew down from the sky, and he immediately felt his internal organs being squeezed tightly together. He felt a sweet taste in his throat, and a large amount of blood gushed out.

Even though his internal injuries were severe, he had fought through hundreds of battles and managed to dodge that attack in that critical moment!

This terrifying attack came from the sky. After Chen Xiang dodged it, he struck the Frisbee, turning it into powder.

Chen Xiang was furious in his heart, this flying discs were extremely important to him, but they were actually destroyed. What was angry was that he did not even know what it was.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

He suddenly heard a loud sound, and his head was hit. This time there was no breeze, not even a breath. He could not feel that someone was attacking him.

After being hit, he was sent flying again!

He felt as if he had been struck by a soft object, and he was heavily injured. Although that strike had severely injured his head, the force had cleverly transferred itself into his body.

The serious injury this time was much more severe than the time he was attacked by the Hell Suppressing Guardians.

He knew that his body had sunk into a patch of soil. He felt that it might be some mud mountains that had yet to turn into stone.

"It’s over, this guy is very powerful!" Long Xueyi said dejectedly: "The lucky thing is, this guy doesn’t want to kill you!"

Chen Xiang was no longer able to move. All of the meridians in his body had been severely damaged, and even his soul had become a little sluggish. What worried him the most was that there were actually cracks appearing on his Divine Deity.

That attack just now was too terrifying. Without any warning, it had injured him in an instant. What made him feel the most inferiority was that he had never seen anyone like that before.

Now he understood why those five fellows from before hadn’t chased him in. It was because they had a very scary person hidden inside.

"Hehe, you’re still alive, right?" A naughty laugh came from outside. It sounded like a naughty guy.

Chen Xiang’s body sank deeply into a mountain, forming a cave. He wanted to reply, but he couldn’t speak.

"I’ll help you get out!" Chen Xiang instantly had a bad premonition. Sure enough, he felt a sharp pain in his back, as he was actually blasted out by a force that cut through a mountain.

Puff! Chen Xiang spat out a mouthful of blood. He realized that he was simply too weak, with just a few casual blows from others, he was already half dead.

He lay on a soft patch of grass with his eyes half open, looking at the blue sky. Those consecutive words had made him feel as if his entire world had turned dark, and now he was greedily admiring the beautiful blue sky, worried that he would never see it again.

When he was looking, he suddenly saw a terrifying face, or to be more accurate, it was a person wearing a green mask. The green mask was very ugly, and unlike a normal mask, it didn’t have any holes for eyes to see. However, there was a pair of ugly eyes on it, one big and one small, both with a nose and mouth drawn.

But no matter how he looked at it, it looked like the work of a child. It looked extremely funny, but Chen Xiang couldn’t laugh because the masked guy was very scary.

"Who are you?" asked. After saying these three words, he felt a lot more pain.

"I won’t tell you, hehe!" From the sound of it, it sounded like the voice of an old man.

"Fine, you and I have no enmity with each other, why did you attack me?" Chen Xiang asked again. His words hurt even more, and the pain made him break out in cold sweat.

"Humans and ants don’t have much hatred between them, but why would humans hurt ants sometimes?" That person said very seriously.

Chen Xiang thought about it, that was because ants were nothing in the eyes of humans, killing them was one thing, but that was because humans were strong, and ants could not resist or do anything to humans.

He understood what this person meant. He was saying that he was very weak. With his strength, what could he possibly do? Who asked him to be so weak!

Chen Xiang was speechless and closed his eyes.

"He accepted his fate so quickly?" The man chuckled.

"So what? I can’t move right now. My soul has suffered a heavy blow. " Chen Xiang said powerlessly.

"Don’t think that I don’t know. Your body is currently recovering quickly, and your soul is also recovering quickly under the circulation of a strange cultivation technique."

This person saw through it with a single glance, causing Chen Xiang to be even more shocked. His physical body’s recovery speed was indeed very fast, and the mental cultivation method he used with the Heavenly Alchemy was able to heal his injured soul, so the recovery speed was also not bad.

"With your strength, this Divine Prison shouldn’t be able to trap you. If you want to gather a thousand divine coins, it will be simple." Chen Xiang said, he felt that the strength of the person in front of him, would definitely far surpass the strength of the few fellows who were chasing after him.

"A thousand gold coins? You’re wrong. If I want to go out and get a billion dollars, I probably won’t be able to get it in my lifetime. " The man laughed. He wasn’t upset about it.

"Can’t you just charge out?" Chen Xiang asked again, his injuries had stabilized, and his words were no longer painful.

"It’s not that easy, do you think the Penalty Heavenly God is like you?" The man mocked: "Of course, it’s not impossible for me to use other methods to get out, but if I want to leave openly, I have to at least go through the main entrance and beat Penalty Heavenly God down, just like how I beat you up just now."

When Chen Xiang heard this, he was extremely unhappy, but he could not do anything about it. Now, he knew what kind of fellow he would meet. It was a very boring expert who was locked up here. He felt that he would not be killed because the person in front of him still needed to keep his little life to accompany him.

"Did you just come in here? I don’t really understand, a weak fellow like you can actually survive in the Gods Realm, and even get beaten into the Divine Prison. " The man was also curious about Chen Xiang.

"Yes, I only came here because I was hunted down. God knows how dangerous this place is." Chen Xiang was extremely helpless. If he had known more about this second calamity fiend, he wouldn’t have ended up like this.

"I wasn’t sent to the Divine Prison, I broke in from somewhere else." Chen Xiang sighed.

"Oh? Could you be from Life Forest? "In that case, it makes sense." That man nodded: "Who are you being chased? "They actually chased us to such a place!"

"Hell Devil Emperor!" Chen Xiang said.

"Really?" That person was in disbelief: "Hell Devil Emperor wants to kill a guy like you?"

"If you don’t believe me, go take a look at Bane 1, where people are looking for me! But I’m not worth much, Hell Devil Emperor only used thirty thousand gold to place a bounty on me. " Chen Xiang said.

"It’s only worth thirty thousand!" The man was disappointed, but after thinking about it, he continued, However, for Hell Devil Emperor to extend its power all the way to this place to capture you, you must have a very high price. Thirty thousand gold coins, to those pitiful people who are struggling for a thousand gold coins, is a very high price.

Chen Xiang said: "Before I came in here, Hell Devil Emperor used four Divine Deity s to reward me. I might even be worth a billion, you can go and talk to Hell Devil Emperor’s people about the price, maybe Hell Devil Emperor is willing to offer this price!"

"Hehe, I’m not interested!" I rather hate this fellow called Hell Devil Emperor, but I want to know, why does Hell Devil Emperor think so highly of you? " The man looked at Chen Xiang carefully, and suddenly went silent, as though he had found something, causing him to fall into deep thought.

Chen Xiang said: "Anyways, since I’ve landed in your hands, even if I’m dead, I won’t be myself. I’ll just tell you then! I think it’s probably because I’ve cultivated the Heavenly Alchemy. "

"As expected!" That person could actually see it right away. "If it’s really like this, then I should even more so hand you over to the Hell Devil Emperor. It isn’t a good thing for him to obtain the Heavenly Alchemy."

"Then wouldn’t it be fine if you just kill me and destroy my soul?" Chen Xiang curled his lips and said.

"That won’t do, I can’t kill you!" That person shook his head, "Even if I have thousands of reasons to kill you, I definitely can’t!"

"Why?" Chen Xiang was suddenly confused and cursed in his heart: "You almost killed me just now you bastard!"

"You want to know?" That person said, "Unless you tell me where the three Divine Weapons in your possession came from!" 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"This... It’s a long story! " Chen Xiang told the story of how he obtained these three divine weapons to the person in front of him. Even though he had beaten him up quite a bit, Chen Xiang did not feel any ill intentions from him.

The man thought for a moment and said: "Seems like you and Four Symbols Divine Weapons are fated to meet! I wonder if you know Qi Shi! "

Chen Xiang was startled. The person in front of him asked him about him obtaining the Four Symbols Divine Weapons, and now he asked Qi Shi. In that case, he had once stayed in the Nine Heaven World.

Long Xueyi was also curious, in her mind she quickly recalled the strong rankers she knew back then, and whether there were any mischievous old fellows there.

Just as Chen Xiang wanted to answer, Long Xueyi suddenly ran out!

"Old cyan bug, so it’s you, bastard!" Long Xueyi extended his hand to lift the man’s mask, it was actually easy to do so, which meant that the man was not guarding against her.

"It really is you!" Long Xueyi coldly snorted.

Beneath the green mask was an old man with a slightly wrinkled face. He had a small green beard on his chin, and his eyebrows were slightly long as they drooped. He was currently looking at Long Xueyi with a smile, and had a surprised expression.

"Damn girl ..." "Haha, you’re so weak right now. I can crush you to death with one finger. Haha ..." The old man pointed his finger at Long Xueyi’s nose and laughed.

Just as Chen Xiang had thought, the old man in front of him was a person at the time of Long Xueyi, and their relationship was very good.

Just now, Long Xueyi had called this old man the Old Cyan Bug. When Chen Xiang thought about it a little, he knew that this old man was most likely the Azure Dragon from back then.