Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The green dragon shook his head: "My luck is not bad. Although I have broken into the Divine Prison, I can still be free and carefree here! Old Bing was different, he was in trouble now, even though he was also pretty strong. "But, sigh ..."

Long Xueyi frowned, and shook the green dragon’s arm: "What’s wrong with Old Bing? His Supreme Dragon blood is with me, I helped him get it back! "

The green dragon said, "He’s been controlled by someone, and is now the mount of a great character in the Gods Realm. Every time that great character goes out, he would change into the shape of a dragon, and then stand between the two horns on his head! Although he told me that it was alright, but for me, it’s still better for me to die early and reincarnate. "

Long Xueyi was a little angry: "How can this be? Was he willing or forced? "

The Azure Dragon sneered, "Of course he was forced. Even if he has a screw loose, he wouldn’t do such a stupid thing to be someone else’s mount!"

Back then, Long Xueyi had been taken care of by the ice dragon and the green dragon, the dragon that was born from heaven and earth, and Long Xueyi was now like a family member in their eyes. Although they would usually ridicule each other, their relationship was very good.

Long Xueyi was also in the same boat. He had long known that the ice dragon was not doing well in the Gods Realm, but he hadn’t thought that it would be poor to such an extent.

"Old cyan bug, then aren’t you being too disloyal? You actually refused to help him! " Long Xueyi slapped the Azure Dragon angrily.

The Azure Dragon let out another long sigh. "Didn’t I just help him, and then get dragged in?"

Long Xueyi said angrily: "Which bastard is it in Gods Realm? In the future, when I go up, I’ll let that little scoundrel trample him to death. "

The green dragon looked at Chen Xiang and laughed: "If one day he can go to Gods Realm, there might be a chance, but the condition is that he has fully researched the Heavenly Alchemy."

"Quick, tell me, who is that fellow who enslaved Old Ice!" Long Xueyi asked.

This fellow is much more powerful than the Hell Devil Emperor. If you guys had stayed here for a while, you should have heard of him! I don’t know that guy’s name, but I do know his name. Everyone calls him the God of Fortune, the one who makes money. " The Azure Dragon said, "Although the Hell Devil Emperor is unreasonable, he can only be unreasonable in this kind of damned place. If he is in the Gods Realm, he would be like a tame kitten whenever he sees the God of Fortune. He wouldn’t even dare to lift his head in front of the God of Fortune."

Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi looked at each other. They obviously knew the God of Fortune’s position in the Gods Realm. Forget about the God of Fortune himself, even the subordinates of the God of Fortune would definitely be extremely powerful.

"So what? Sooner or later, I will make him free." Long Xueyi was still very angry: "What kind of ability is forcing others?"

If not for the Penalty Heavenly God helping me secretly and throwing it here, I would have also been taken to the auction. My fate is the same as Old Ice. "

Chen Xiang asked: "How do I go to the Gods Realm?"

He was also Qi Shi’s good friend and also Long Huishan’s ancestor. Now that he found out about the Ice Dragon’s situation, he the same as Long Xueyi, wanted to immediately go to the Gods Realm.

"With the Emperor soul’s jade bones, being able to pass through a heaven defying gate is only a way to pass through, which is to say, to reach the Gods Realm." The green dragon said.

Jade bones were the strongest parts of the body. Of course, that was in the sense of being here, since there was definitely an even stronger physique in the Gods Realm.

The Emperor soul’s jade bones, was still far from this level!

"I have the Emperor soul now, but I don’t have the Jade Bone. It looks like I’ll be there soon." Long Xueyi said: "Can I still go without Divine Deity?"

The Azure Dragon smiled, "Of course you can. Didn’t I also not have any Divine Deity back then? In fact, many cultivators in the Gods Realm don’t have Divine Deity, do you think that Divine Deity can be cultivated so easily? If not, Divine Deity would not have been sold for ten or twenty million divine coins. "

Long Xueyi curled his lips and said: "There’s no pressure for me, and this brat also has Divine Deity. It’s just that I don’t know how he’s going to become stronger."

The Azure Dragon nodded: "With Divine Deity, it’s even better! Then, you will use the power of the physical body and the power of the divine soul to fuse together with the power of the Divine Deity. The three of them will fuse together and unearth the strongest power in your body. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"Oh yeah, what’s going on outside? "Tell me the details." The green dragon suddenly started to wonder how Chen Xiang had gotten here.

Chen Xiang told the Azure Dragon about him being in Bane One, as well as his cooperation with Yu Fan.

"Yu Fan is not bad, but we don’t need to help him hunt Divine Deity now." Long Xueyi laughed, "The old cyan bug will be able to help us get out when the time comes."

The Azure Dragon coldly snorted and said, "That’s not bad? Yu Fan this guy has hidden a lot of things from you guys, bullied you guys because you don’t know this Divine Prison, then tricked you to play! Although this guy looks like he’s helping you guys, he’s very insidious. "

"Fortunately, you bumped into me. Otherwise, you wouldn’t be able to leave this place for the rest of your life!"

Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi frowned, their faces filled with suspicion.

"Let me tell you guys, Yu Fan said, it’s fine if you kill people here, right?" The Azure Dragon asked.

Chen Xiang nodded.

"If you kill someone here, something big will happen, do you think the Penalty Heavenly God doesn’t know? He knows what is going on around here, the moment you entered the Divine Prison, your killing intent was already recorded by him, and after you hunt for twenty of them and get the divine money from Yu Fan, when that time comes, you might even go to hell. "

"We will still meet the Hell Devil Emperor in the end!"

Hearing that, Chen Xiang’s face turned cold, his face was filled with killing intent, that Yu Fan actually lied to him!

"Of course, only I am clear about the rules of the Divine Prison. The others are usually not clear about it, because I am familiar with the Penalty Heavenly God! However, you don’t have to worry, you can continue to pretend to help him hunt Divine Deity. But, don’t give him the Divine Deity first, and use the information he provided to you to find a suitable target.

Long Xueyi said angrily: "But we already gave him a set of Divine Deity, I never thought that this guy would actually pretend to be so similar, and swindle us."

The green dragon said with a smile, "It’s fine. Weren’t you in a predicament at that time? At that time, someone extended a helping hand to you guys, and even lied to you guys without your Divine Prison knowing about it. Even in your situation, I would have died in his hands. "

"Thank you, Senior. If it wasn’t for you, I’m afraid I would have been destroyed here." Chen Xiang immediately thanked him.

"How big a deal! However, you must remember this. You must treat this little girl well in the future. Although she is a bit naughty, she is very loyal. " The Azure Dragon laughed.

Long Xueyi chuckled, "Old cyan bug, it’s rare for you to say such good things about me! So what are we going to do? This brat needs medicinal herbs to learn how to refine pills, and he was also given the Tracing mantra by the Hell Devil Emperor. Once he goes out, it wouldn’t be long before he gets targeted again.

"Isn’t it just a Tracing mantra? Although I am not a great god like the Hell Devil Emperor, I am still the big brother of the Dragon Clan in the past, so it will not be difficult for me. " The Azure Dragon took out a green cloak.

Although the Tracing mantra can find you, but you can activate this cloak, and then the cloak can make you invisible. At the same time, you can also fly with the fastest speed! Even though Hell Devil Emperor has your whereabouts, he can’t report to you all the time right? Divine Prison is not connected to the outside world, even if he wanted to send a message, it would take some time. "

Long Xueyi immediately snatched the green cape back: "Nice stuff, did you give it to him?"

The Azure Dragon hurriedly shouted, "Of course not to give it to him. This is my treasure, but it’s a very powerful divine artifact. I’m only lending it to him temporarily. Don’t pay it back."

"Isn’t it just a divine tool? What’s there to be proud of! I’ll have one later. " Long Xueyi snorted and handed it over to Chen Xiang. However, she had already planned to let Liu Meng’er and the others see if there was any way to refine one in the future.

"You should go find the medicinal ingredients first and come back here after you find one. When you can concoct the Holy Elixir, I will wish you another success in tempering your body." The green dragon patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder, he had high hopes for Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang nodded as he returned to the ring.

After bidding farewell to the green dragon, Chen Xiang put on his cape and left Bane Two.

The green cloak was extremely powerful. With just a bit of his divine power, he was able to move incredibly fast. In the blink of an eye, he was already far away from Bane Two.

"I wonder if those guys are still out there!" Long Xueyi replied, "If I had known earlier, I would have killed them with the old cyan bug."

"This won’t do. If the Azure Dragon is going to kill someone, then it will be even more difficult for us to leave this place in the future. So, let’s just fight!" Chen Xiang said: "Once I become strong, I must obtain more Divine Deity here."

"And that Yu Fan, he’s too despicable, we have to make him suffer a little!" Long Xueyi snorted.

Chen Xiang quickly returned to the first calamity zone and secretly went to find Tai Qiang. However, Yu Fan did not know that he had returned, and he did not want Yu Fan to know either.

As the steward of the house, Tai Qiang had a bit of a status. He had a residence outside the Feng Shen Native Bank, and Chen Xiang had been there once.

"Tai Qiang, help me purchase the ingredients for the Heavenly Soul Pill. I’ll come look for you in a few days." After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he instructed again: "Regarding the matters between me and you, please do not tell anyone else. If Yu Fan asks, do not say too much."

Seeing Tai Qiang passing by, Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to him and quickly left. He wouldn’t stay in one spot for too long, lest the Hell Devil Emperor locate him.

After instructing Tai Qiang, he immediately returned back to the Calamity 2nd Star. He wanted to get some spirit liquid in the next few days to duplicate the Sky Soul Pellet ingredients for the Immortal Grade Nine.

With Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi here, he was very happy. At the same time, he could understand a bit of his old friend’s situation and hear what happened in Nine Heaven World.