Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

When the green dragon saw the two beautiful women, Xue Xianxian and Liu Meng’er, he curled his lips and looked at Chen Xiang, revealing an expression that said he understood what he was doing.

Xue Xianxian and Liu Meng’er already knew about the Azure Dragon’s situation and they continuously bowed to it.

"You don’t have to be so polite! Although it was better to cultivate the soul earlier, it did not matter. After all, he would have to face the Emperor soul’s Jade Bone sooner or later! Now that you are all at the Holy Lord’s level of strength, if you guys were to cultivate your divine souls again, you will quickly reach the Holy Master Realm and then attempt to break through the Emperor soul’s Jade Bones. " The green dragon gave a quick look and knew what Xue Xianxian and Liu Meng’er’s situation was. In his eyes, Liu Meng’er and Xue Xianxian could be considered to be relatively well-endowed humans.

Dongfang Xinyue and Leng Youlan both inherited bloodlines and already had their divine soul. Dongfang Jing did the same in his closed door cultivation.

"I’ll first take the Nine-turn dragon god mantra ..."

"They already do." Long Xueyi said.

"It will be even better if we meet again!" Then, I shall pass on to you my self-created ’Nine Heavens and Universe Supreme Unparalleled and Unparalleled Azure Dragon Divine Cultivating Technique’. " The Azure Dragon suddenly blurted out these words.

Chen Xiang and the rest were all stunned.

"What ..." It was the first time Chen Xiang had talked about a cultivation technique with such a long name.

Liu Meng’er and Xue Xianxian could not help but chuckle.

Long Xueyi spat out: "What lousy name is this, I say, Old Cyan Bug, can’t you have a little taste, isn’t this just a cultivation technique? Do you really need to add all of the powerful names to it? "

The Azure Dragon said proudly, "Of course, this is a supreme cultivation technique that I created myself. It can allow people and beasts to cultivate their soul within a short period of time. Only this kind of name is worthy of that."

"I feel that such a powerful cultivation technique is a waste of a cultivation technique just by giving it such a name." Long Xueyi had a look of disdain on his face as he said, "You better hurry up and change it."

"I’m not going to change. If you have the ability to create such a powerful cultivation technique, then you can call yourself whatever you want. I won’t laugh at you." The Azure Dragon snorted a few times. "I just think my name is domineering enough."

"Look at them, are they all shocked by the name of my cultivation technique?"

Chen Xiang laughed dryly twice, while Xue Xianxian and Liu Meng’er also laughed lightly. They were indeed frightened by the name.

"Well, you can call it whatever you want!" However, if you just say no, then we’ll have to see if your technique is truly that powerful. said. Letting her create her own technique was equivalent to taking away her little life.

"Firstly, you must know that the Nine Heavens and the Earth are unrivalled ..."

"Stop!" Long Xueyi hurriedly interrupted: "Old cyan bug, can’t you be a little more concise? Not everyone is as bored as you are. "

"Alright!" The green dragon stroked his beard, and said to Liu Meng’er and Xue Xianxian: "The first thing you guys need to know is that these nine days ... I will pass on the cultivation method to you guys, you guys understand it yourselves first, since you already have the foundation of the Nine-turn dragon god mantra, it will not be difficult for you to comprehend it. "

Liu Meng’er and Xue Xianxian both nodded their heads seriously, after which, the green dragon tapped their foreheads and passed his whatever supreme cultivation technique to the two girls.

"I also want to see how strong he is!" Long Xueyi said.

"I want to see it too." Chen Xiang said.

The green dragon immediately gave his cultivation technique to Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi.

More than two hours later, Chen Xiang managed to understand the impressiveness of this technique, and knew that it had improved by a lot due to the Nine-turn dragon god mantra. It could allow people to progress quickly in their cultivation of the mind.

Xue Xianxian and Liu Meng’er both had strength of Holy Lord level, so both their soul and consciousness were extremely powerful. If they followed this cultivation technique, they would very quickly be able to cultivate God’s Soul, so now, both Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi admired the Azure Dragon very much. No wonder he had to come up with such a cool name.

"Now that you have a good foundation, cultivating your soul is too easy!" However, after you cultivate your soul, your cultivation methods will have a huge change. You need to quickly adapt. " The Azure Dragon replied, "Let this gluttonous beast guide you."

Liu Meng’er and Xue Xianxian both nodded immediately. They were also feeling anxious for their souls to not be able to cultivate it, but now that they had obtained it, they felt extremely excited.

Following that, the Azure Dragon explained in an extremely meticulous manner what Long Xueyi and did not understand, and explained for an entire day.

"You guys should go back to that place and remember the key points that I reminded you to do." The green dragon saw that Xue Xianxian and Liu Meng’er were very knowledgeable in their comprehension, and was very happy because he already learnt this technique.

Xue Xianxian and Liu Meng’er returned to the Dark Jade Ring to cultivate while Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi continued to chat with the green dragon about what had happened back then.

"It’s very likely that the Sword Emperor went to the Gods Realm." Long Xueyi said: "This guy has always been mysterious. Luckily he also left behind an inheritance, which was obtained by this little scoundrel’s recognized sister."

"Is that so? I didn’t meet him in Gods Realm! " The green dragon replied, "Dan Emperor, I know a little about his situation. I have to admit that he is the most powerful human I know, he will definitely be very successful in the future, as long as he can survive."

"What do you mean? Dan Emperor also went to Gods Realm? "This fellow has given up even the jade bones that he painstakingly cultivated." Long Xueyi said. Many rankers agreed with the evaluation of the Dan Emperor.

"I heard that someone found out about him. He should still be in Nine Heaven World! How did you know about him in Gods Realm? " Chen Xiang also wanted to find Dan Emperor and see the elegance of a strong man.

"He is indeed not in Gods Realm, but he is coming soon! I don’t know what’s going on with this guy, but he’s actually able to send me a sound transmission from the Nine Heaven World. This is something that happened before I was sent to the Divine Prison. The Azure Dragon said with a smile, "Right now, I actually hope that he can come in. This way, I can properly entertain him."

"This guy is pretty good, we’ll find him later and tell him about the mess you had with Old Bing. Maybe he can think of something." All those years ago, most of the strong warriors were very united and had good relations with each other. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"It’s better not, his potential is limitless, don’t ruin him so early, it’s best if you stay in Gods Realm for a while, after you have a very strong power, we can talk about it again." The green dragon was very worried about Long Xueyi and the others messing up.

"Where’s Old Devil?" The green dragon saw that Chen Xiang did not know who the old ghost was, and said, "He’s Evil Emperor."

"He went to the Heavenly Evil Realm, then his whereabouts were unknown. There is a new Evil Emperor in the Heavenly Evil Realm, but he isn’t an old ghost."

Long Xueyi asked: "Old Cyan Bug, do you know of any fellows in Gods Realm who are more loyal?"

"It’s not easy to recognize him! When we were in the Nine Heaven World, our dragons were relatively strong, but when we went to that damned place in the Gods Realm, we were no different from beasts. We were hunted specifically, especially against Mythical Dragons like us who don’t join the divine hall. The green dragon said.

"Why didn’t you join the temple?" Although Chen Xiang asked this, he felt that he wouldn’t need to join any of those shrines in the future.

"Once I join, I will no longer be able to leave. After all, I am someone with lofty ambitions. I do not want to become someone else’s subordinate." The green dragon said.

Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi completely agreed with the Azure Dragon’s words. If it was them, they wouldn’t join either, unless they created a divine hall for themselves.

"Is there anyone from the Nine Heavens Death Realm who is doing well in Gods Realm?" Long Xueyi asked: "Don’t you have any organizations up there?"

"No, the number of Nine Heaven World s that can go up is too little! Other than the Nine Heaven World, there weren’t many other Endless Heaven Realm that could go up! I only know that there are a few worlds that have a certain number of ways to go up, but those worlds are all controlled by deities, and no Hell Devil Emperor is around to mess things up. Otherwise, our Nine Heaven World would have flourished here a long time ago. "

When the Azure Dragon mentioned this matter, it got angry: "Hell Devil Emperor is obviously bullying Nine Heaven World because there is no God to look after them. They are here specifically to cause trouble."

Back then, the people who created the Nine Heaven World were already dead, and they died inside the Nine Heaven Devil Palace. They died without knowing why, and now that Chen Xiang thought about it, he felt that there might be something fishy about it.

When he told them about this matter, the Azure Dragon immediately became deep in thought. Of course, he knew about the Nine Heaven Devil Palace and some of the secrets from that year.

The secret of the Nine Heaven Devil Palace was told to Chen Xiang by Lv Zhen, and it was the same as what the Azure Dragon had heard.

"If you want to know the answer, you can only go to the Nine Heaven Devil Palace." Chen Xiang said.

"No way!" The green dragon and Long Xueyi shouted at the same time. They were worried that Chen Xiang would mess around.

"Let’s not talk about this anymore. It’s too far away for us." The Azure Dragon knew that Chen Xiang had seven Chaos Fire Token. If Chen Xiang summoned the Nine Heaven Devil Palace out, he wouldn’t be able to get out even if he was trapped inside, which was even more miserable than being trapped inside the Divine Prison.

Long Xueyi anxiously changed the topic, and said: "Where is that Feng Yujie? Why didn’t I recognize her back then, and both Old Jiang and Qi Shi knew about her. "

"Feng Yujie refines pills! It’s the strong lady from the Endless Heaven Realm, but she’s also very mysterious, and at the same time she has a Charm stronger than the Mei Emperor. Although she doesn’t intentionally reveal it, she’s even stronger than the Mei Emperor. " The Azure Dragon replied, "You’ve seen her?"

"Did you guys try to see through her true appearance? I nearly lost it that year."

Chen Xiang shook his head: "I have only seen her portrait before, and unknowingly, a period of time has passed. She really is a bewitching woman, and she is very powerful, and a Pill Saint herself."

"She’s not bad. It’s just that when I tried to get her to concoct the Holy Elixir, she offered a higher price." The Azure Dragon said again.

had quite a bit of trust in Feng Yujie. Currently, both Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou were with her, and had been accepted by her as her goddaughter. Ji Ling’er and Red Cloud were also her disciples.

"Alright, quickly go and get the medicinal ingredients from Tai Qiang. He should have already gotten them, hurry up and refine the Holy Pellet. After Long Xueyi finished speaking, he returned back to the Dark Jade Ring.

Chen Xiang bid farewell to the green dragon, donned the green cloak, and flew out of the second calamity.