Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had already bought the medicine for the Tianshen Dan a long time ago. Chen Xiang did not say anything to Tai Qiang as he took the medicine and hurriedly returned to Bane 2.

At the moment, as long as he was in Bane Two, he was basically safe. Although the green dragon was sent to Divine Prison as a prisoner, he was still considered to be quite strong here.

Unless the Hell Devil Emperor sends someone stronger to deal with the Azure Dragon!

Chen Xiang returned to the second Bane, and seeing that the Azure Dragon was still there, he heaved a sigh of relief. Right now, Bane One was looking for him in groups, and there were already many small teams outside of Bane Two.

"Senior Azure Dragon, if this goes on, will Hell Devil Emperor send someone stronger to this place?" Chen Xiang was a little worried that the Azure Dragon would be dragged down.

"That’s hard to say, Hell Devil Emperor can’t do as he pleases. He sent those people who deliberately violated the rules and were sent to the Divine Prison to capture you, but these people are all very weak. If it’s someone with the same strength as me, once they were sent to the Divine Prison, it would be hard for them to leave. Unless Hell Devil Emperor has invested a huge sum of money into that guy, to let him have enough to buy some in the future. " The Azure Dragon laughed heartily and stroked his beard. "If there is such a fellow coming in, it would be the best. I am too bored here."

"If someone of senior’s strength enters, it will cost 1 billion god coins to leave, right?" Chen Xiang was a lot more at ease.

"Of course not, one billion is a price Penalty Heavenly God gave me out of respect. If it was anyone else, it would probably be at least one and a half billion! If Hell Devil Emperor wanted to bring in someone with that kind of strength, he would definitely have to give him 1.5 billion! Of course, there’s only one guy who can’t deal with me, at least two! " The Azure Dragon unexpectedly revealed an expectant expression, "It’s best if you send two guys with strength equivalent to mine. That way, I can have some fun."

"Then doesn’t that mean the Hell Devil Emperor needs three billion God’s Coins? With three billion, what kind of concept would it have in the Gods Realm? " Chen Xiang had asked that Peng Renyi before, and he said that the Hell Devil Emperor only had assets worth a few billion Godly.

"Although the Hell Devil Emperor has a great reputation, his wealth is not divine money but the hell he controls. It’s just that those things in hell cannot be exchanged for divine money. The divine money that he had was considered to be at the bottom of the list in the Gods Realm! It’ll probably just be a few billion, and I’ll have to sell off a lot of properties in order to trade for it. "

The green dragon thought for a moment, then continued, "Let’s see if he dares to bet now. Billions of dollars is still a large amount even for those powerful deities, and if he were to pay three billion to let two guys come in and kill you, he might not even succeed! "Because of me, there’s a high possibility that we might have wasted our time."

Chen Xiang suddenly thought of a bad possibility, and said: "Would Hell Devil Emperor join hands with some extremely wealthy Gods? For example, the God of Fortune is not lacking in money, with the God of Fortune’s financial resources, it shouldn’t be difficult to send more Gods like you?"

"That’s right, that’s a possibility!" That would depend on whether the God of Fortune would be interested in the Heavenly Alchemy! However, you are underestimating me too much. Even if it’s a group of Gods with a cultivation level similar to mine, they might not be able to deal with me. " The Azure Dragon said with a face full of confidence, "My strength is not something those guys can guess."

"Just focus on concocting pills. If I really can’t handle it, I’ll just send you away. At most, you’ll just have to run for your life. If you can’t, then it’ll be over."

The green dragon patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder, and then pointed at a mountain cave in the distance, indicating that he should enter, and should refine pills.

Chen Xiang entered the cave and took out the spirit liquid, then began to duplicate the Tianshen Dan’s medicinal herbs. This was a very special kind of fruit, it looked like a crystal, but the inside was not without emotions. There was only a thin, transparent membrane that emitted a pale white light, which was called a Tianhun fruit, and its main effect was to strengthen the soul.

Right now, Chen Xiang’s soul had already reached a bottleneck, and the breakthrough lay in his physical body. He only needed to make his physical body stronger, and his soul would break through sooner or later.

Therefore, this Tianshen Dan did not have much use to him, but for people like Xue Xianxian and Liu Meng’er who had just cultivated their divine soul, this was the best Immortal Pill.

For high level immortal pills, the most common way was to strengthen the soul. As for other uses, they were usually decided by the medicinal ingredients. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

The Jiupin spiritual Dan that Chen Xiang was currently refining was the closest to becoming a Holy Pellet, so it was the more precious one, and it could even be sold at a relatively high price in the Divine Prison.

Chen Xiang was refining the Tianshen Dan mainly for Xue Xianxian and Liu Meng’er to eat. The two of them had started relatively late with regards to the soul, but if they started refining a high level pellet to eat, it could shorten the gap between them and others.

"This fruit looks beautiful, but it’s not tasty at all." Long Xueyi said.

"It’s just a thin film, and it’s very light. Not only is it not tasty, it’s also not easy to refine." Chen Xiang gently tossed the Tianhun fruit in his hand up, and it actually floated up gently, as if it was an unbreakable bubble.

"Then how do we copy it?" asked. She had already known about Chen Xiang’s terrifying ability to duplicate medicinal herbs, so the girls in the ring didn’t know much about it, but now that they knew about Chen Xiang’s heaven defying ability, they were even happier. This meant that they would have an endless supply of medicinal pellets in the future.

"This might require a little more spirit liquid." Chen Xiang very carefully used his sharp blade to scrape off a very thin and transparent piece of skin, and then dripped some spirit liquid onto that piece of fruit skin.

The small piece of skin immediately started to wiggle, and emitted a gentle light, starting to grow incomplete parts. Following Chen Xiang’s spirit liquid dripping down, it quickly grew back.

"That’s fine!" Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief. He thought that he could not, because the Tianhun fruit was too strange.

"Tianhun fruit are transparent, unlike solid medicinal herbs that have so much meat, wouldn’t it be rare to produce pills when refining pills? No matter how I look at it, I feel that I need two to be able to concoct a single pill. " Long Xueyi said.

"That won’t be necessary. If it were anyone else, they would need two to take one pellet. I can have one pellet." Chen Xiang was very confident, the number of pills produced had always been his specialty.

"Tianshen Dan must be expensive. Under normal circumstances, two Tianhun fruit will only produce one pellet!" Dongfang Xinyue said: "The uses of Tianshen Dan are great, especially for Xianxian and Meng’er."

"Mm, when the time comes, I will definitely refine more for them to eat." Chen Xiang carefully picked up the Tianhun fruit that looked like bubbles. He didn’t need to do anything about it, he could start refining the Tianhun fruit.

Refining a Tianhun fruit into a Tianshen Dan was not easy, and Chen Xiang did not have anyone to guide him. In the past, Su Meiyao had never refined a Tianhun fruit either, so he could only practice step by step.

Fortunately, he was able to duplicate many Tianhun fruit with his spirit liquid. This way, he would be able to find the best way to refine the pill as he failed step by step.

He took out the Yanlong furnace, released a flame to warm it up, and then placed it inside. The Tianhun fruit looked like a bubble that was emitting light, and was extremely fragile, but when Chen Xiang released the flame to burn it, he did not expect the seemingly soft Tianhun fruit to release such a strong defensive power.

"So that’s how it is!" Chen Xiang took a deep breath: "I had read some ancient books before, and it said that Tianhun fruit would need two to refine one Tianshen Dan. The book said that it was because the Tianhun fruit itself had too little energy."

"But it’s not true. The Tianhun fruit contains a lot of energy, it’s just that this energy is very strange. It’s an invisible and unique divine power! I just released a flame to burn it, so the Tianhun fruit could instinctively release that divine power to defend against it. "

"That is to say, when you refine the Tianhun fruit, the defensive energy that you create will disappear bit by bit, and in the end, the Medicine aura would be lacking, so the amount of cores they condense is small." Dongfang Xinyue also knew a little about refining pills. Whenever she met Hua Xiangyue, she would ask him about some things related to refining pills. After all, they were Chen Xiang’s female slaves and their relationship was very close.

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "That’s right, so when I was almost done refining, there were not many Medicine aura left, unless this Tianhun fruit did not resist, then I would be able to produce many pills."

The mystical divine power released by the Tianhun fruit was extremely powerful, it was actually able to extinguish Chen Xiang’s strong Sacred Fire, causing him to have no choice but to release even stronger Five Elements Sacred Flames.

Previously, when he was concocting Tier 8 immortal pills, he did not have high requirements for the intensity of the flames. But now, with just a single Tianhun fruit, he was able to use the Five Elements Sacred Flame.

After a while, some sweat appeared on his forehead, because the Five Elements Sacred Flame was destroyed by the invisible divine power within the Tianhun fruit.

"What a powerful divine force!" Chen Xiang exclaimed: "If the divine power within Tianhun fruit is not consumed like this and used entirely to refine pellets, at least ten of them can be refined, or even more!"

"Usually, when refining Tianhun fruit, it is only when the divine power within the Tianhun fruit has been used up to a certain extent, that it can be refined into Medicine aura and medicinal powder. However, there is only a small amount left, and it is all because the Tianhun fruit’s divine power has been exhausted."

Chen Xiang suddenly became excited, if he could overcome this problem, then when he was refining the Tianshen Dan, as long as he was refining, he could produce a lot of pills.

"Then what should I do?" Dongfang Xinyue asked.

"I still don’t know. I have to try everything!" Chen Xiang took a deep breath and started to strengthen his Spirit power and flames. At the same time, he also released a strong power that formed a small scale seal that surrounded the Tianhun fruit, preventing the Spirit power inside the Tianhun fruit from escaping.

At first, it was still effective, but as the divine power he released became stronger and stronger, the Tianhun fruit’s resistance was also getting stronger and stronger, and his restrictions were actually not even able to hold up.

"Amazing! It’s just a Jiupin spiritual Dan and it’s already so difficult to refine, let alone a sacred pill!" Chen Xiang already experienced how difficult it was to refine a Holy Pellet from the Jiupin spiritual Dan.