Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had been cultivating on the second calamity star for five months. With the help of the green dragon, adding on to the fact that he had eaten more than five hundred Blood ginseng s, his physical body was already many times stronger than before.

As the green dragon withdrew its Wind Lightning Domain, Chen Xiang continued to circulate the Heavenly Alchemy, releasing the sacred fire to wrap himself within it. The originally red flames now emitted waves of purple light, indicating that Chen Xiang’s bones were turning into a purplish-gold color.

As long as one cultivated their bones to purplish-gold, it would mean that their body would be able to produce Emperor soul!

Previously, no matter how hard Chen Xiang tried, he couldn’t cultivate the Emperor soul. However, he found out later on that his body was too weak and had obstructed him, so now that he had cultivated his bones to the color of his own skin, he was able to walk this path.

Xue Xianxian and Liu Meng’er had long cultivated their divine souls inside the ring, and after eating the hundred Tianshen Dan that Chen Xiang refined for them, their divine souls improved at a rapid pace. After obtaining the divine souls, the two of them had become much stronger, especially in the area of artifact forging.

Chen Xiang bought some Holy level materials for them, and they had already refined it into his own weapon of choice. Currently, they were refining that Divine Ship, which could allow Chen Xiang to escape the Tracing mantra.

Of course, if Chen Xiang managed to cultivate a Emperor soul, he could return to Di Tian. As long as the gods did not come down to deal with him, even if there was a Tracing mantra, it would not pose a threat to him. Instead, he hoped that there would be more rankers chasing after him.

"It’s a success!" The ball of fire surrounding Chen Xiang flashed, and Chen Xiang’s eyes shone with a purple gold light.

"Not bad, not bad. He was faster than I expected." The green dragon nodded and laughed: "Rest for a while longer and familiarize yourself with the power brought by the purple-gold bone. After that, you can begin to cultivate your Emperor soul."

Xue Xianxian sighed: "It’s a pity that there aren’t any Top stone, and we’re about to start refining the hull. Without the Top stone, it’s such a pity."

The god ship was made with a lot of good materials. If there was a Top stone, it could make the body of the ship even stronger.

Chen Xiang said: "Xianxian, then don’t refine it, I will think of a way to refine it a little."

Long Xueyi suddenly ran out from the ring, looked at the green dragon and laughed: "Old Cyan Bug, you have also stayed in Gods Realm for hundreds of thousands of years, do you have any good materials on you?"

The green dragon knew that Long Xueyi and the other girls were going to refine a powerful Divine Ship, so he helped to smelt some ingredients. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

"Aren’t you guys rich in materials?" The green dragon said.

"You’re still a little short of a Top stone, do you have one?" Although Long Xueyi did not want to refine it, she also wanted to stay in the Divine Ship more comfortably in the future.

"Isn’t it just a Top stone? I wonder why, of course I have something like that! " The green dragon laughed and took out a large snow-white rock. It was actually as big as a house.

Xue Xianxian, Liu Meng’er, Dongfang Xinyue and Leng Youlan immediately ran out, as they couldn’t believe that the Azure Dragon would actually possess such a large piece of Top stone.

"This is a high quality Top stone, one tael of thousand. For normal Top stone, one tael of silver would make one hundred." The Azure Dragon said with a smile, "I have over 20,000 Jin."

20,000 jin! According to the price that the Azure Dragon mentioned, this was twenty million gold coins!

"Senior, this Top stone is very powerful, we can’t train with our current flames." Liu Meng’er sighed.

"Azure Dragon Grandpa, help us dissolve it. To you, it is certainly not a difficult matter." Xue Xianxian held onto the green dragon’s arm, and said while grinning.

"Are you sure you want to refine all of these twenty thousand kilograms of purest Top stone into one boat?" The Azure Dragon was somewhat surprised. "If it was really refined, even I might not necessarily be able to injure this ship. Your current strength really cannot be melted."

"We only need ten thousand kilograms." Dongfang Xinyue said.

"Azure Dragon Grandpa, how much do you plan to give us?" Leng Youlan asked in a low voice: "I still want to bring two sets of armor from pure Top stone and a large sword."

"I’ll give it all to you." The green dragon laughed: "In any case, it’s useless to me. It’s just that you have to work hard to raise your strength in the future. In the future, no one will be able to help you get rid of this Top stone."

Long Xueyi patted the green dragon’s shoulder. "Old Cyan Bug, don’t worry, the little scoundrel will repay you in the future. Once this guy is rich, the first thing I’ll do is get you out of here."

"Hur hur, then I’ll be waiting!" He knew that Long Xueyi was right. If Chen Xiang could refine a Holy Pellet, he only needed to go to the Gods Realm. After a while, he would be able to get a large amount of divine money.

Xue Xianxian originally thought that it would be fine for the Divine Ship to have ten kilograms of Top stone s, but now that it could have ten thousand kilograms, it could make the Divine Ship even more powerful.

"Why don’t we refine the Suzaku bow together and gather the Four Symbols Divine Weapons?" Leng Youlan said: "I really want to see what will happen after elder brother possesses the Four Symbols Divine Weapons."

Liu Meng’er nodded, then looked towards the Azure Dragon and asked: "Senior, do you know about the matters concerning Four Symbols Divine Weapons?"

"I know a little, back then when Old Jiang obtained the Divine Book, it contained the blueprints for refining the Four Symbols Divine Weapons, each piece had two refining methods, for example the Suzaku Divine Weapon, there are Suzaku silk and Suzaku bow, the White Tiger Divine Weapon, there are Slaughter God’s Hand and Killing-god heart, the Xuanwu Divine Weapon, there are profoundwu diamond armour and the Black Tortoise Divine Hammer, the Azure Dragon Divine Weapon, there are Green dragon demon-slain broadsword and the Azure Dragon Slayer Divine Sword."

"And all the refining materials are from the Four Sacred Beasts! I know that this divine book is related to the deities who founded the Nine Heaven World back then. Back then, our Four Holy Beasts should also have been birthed from their use of the powers of heaven and earth. "

Back then, the deities that founded the Nine Heaven World were very powerful, but in the end, they all died inside the Nine Heaven Divine Palace, so the Nine Heaven Divine Palace also became the Nine Heaven Devil Palace.

Long Xueyi asked again: "Then what about the Seven Dragons Sword? We have gathered all of them, but the Seven Dragons Sword are pointing us to a place in Nine Heaven World! "

"The Seven Dragons Sword are also related to that group of Gods. Since you have the Seven Dragons Sword, then you should know that the Seven Dragons Sword is not used for fighting. Although it is possible, it is just not suitable for fighting, especially with the Tianlong sword as the head of the Seven Dragons Sword." The green dragon said.

Chen Xiang and the rest all nodded their heads.

"Since you all have gathered the Seven Dragons Sword, and pointed to a place, if I’m not wrong, that place should be related to that group of Gods back then, but it should definitely be very safe. Back then, they disappeared very mysteriously, and they definitely knew their own fate, so they left behind some things."

Chen Xiang said: "Let’s go back and visit that place!"

Liu Meng’er said: "Four Symbols Divine Weapons mainly deals with offense and defense, although it’s not much when compared to the expensive divine weapons that Gods Realm has, but if all four of them are gathered, I think there’s a possibility!"

Liu Meng’er had one of the s, and she was also a refiner. She had also studied that divine book, and often studied her Suzaku silk, so she saw through many things.

"What possibility?" The Azure Dragon asked, "I know that if the four parts are gathered together, something will definitely happen, but I can’t guess what it is."

Dongfang Xinyue said, "Let me say it. When Meng’er and I had just met, we had studied that divine tree and Suzaku silk together! First of all, we will find the blueprints to refine the Four Symbols Divine Weapons in the Divine Book, the Suzaku silk that the Divine Craftsman refined are exactly the same as the blueprints! It’s just that we’ve discovered a strange thing, that there are many simplified areas on the blueprints, and many Spirit grain are incomplete, but they still have a certain amount of use. "

The green dragon frowned and said, "Are you saying that the Four Symbols Divine Weapons is not complete?"

Liu Meng’er and Dongfang Xinyue nodded.

Liu Meng’er continued to speak: "I think there is one possibility, which is to have an even stronger and stronger Four Symbols Divine Weapons, and one that is right above them. In order to find the strongest and most powerful Four Symbols Divine Weapons, one must first gather all of the Four Symbols Divine Weapons’s Four Symbols Divine Weapons."

Dongfang Xinyue laughed: "I have an even more daring guess, and that is that in the Gods Realm, there might be Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermillion Bird, and Black Tortoise. and it was back to a very ancient time in Gods Realm! Maybe the god who created the Nine Heaven World was trying to revive the Four Beasts back then, so he created the Nine Heavens. In the end, he successfully resurrected many powerful beasts. "

Xue Xianxian said, "It is very possible that once the Ninth Heaven appears, the most powerful beasts would be beasts. Furthermore, those Holy Beasts are innately strong, so even if they have a bit of their bloodline, as long as they can awaken it, they would be many times stronger than humans."

"Warm Moon and Jingjing are the same." Leng Youlan stuck out his tongue, "They have the bloodline of the Vermillion Bird, so they are not weaker than me."

Although he knew that he was born from the heavens and earth, like many powerful Holy Beasts, it was still too much of a coincidence now. He felt that there must be something hiding behind this, maybe it was just as Dongfang Xinyue had guessed, that they were originally strong beasts from the Gods Realm, but that they had just died.

"Old Cyan Bug, do the Gods Realm have any stronger Divine Beasts? The kind that can create shrines! " Long Xueyi asked.

"No!" The green dragon shook his head. "No wonder our dragon is so precious up there, many deities like to use us as mounts. It seems that those powerful deities should know some things about the Nine Heaven World."

"Looks like I still have a past life where all the mysteries are hidden in the Nine Heaven Devil Palace! But it’s too dangerous inside. We can only search for clues from the Four Symbols Divine Weapons and Seven Dragons Sword s, let’s start training now! Since there are still stronger Four Symbols Divine Weapons s, then the Suzaku bow that you all are preparing to refine will not need to be added. "

Liu Meng’er and Dongfang Xinyue nodded.

"Then if you guys are refining right here, I’ll go find Yu Fan." Chen Xiang looked at Long Xueyi, and asked with a smile: "Are you going or not? Or forge artifacts with them here? "

"I’m not going. You have to be careful!" Tell Little Peacock and Little Pearl to come out as well. " Long Xueyi said.

After Pearl and Kong Bailing came out of the Serene Jade Ring, the green dragon only chuckled and looked at Chen Xiang with a gaze that seemed to understand what he meant.