Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang asked Tai Qiang to be responsible for finding a good target to hunt. As long as he obtained enough Divine Deity, he would be able to go to Bane 2 to cultivate in peace. After cultivating the Emperor soul, he would immediately leave this place.

He even gave Tai Qiang a hundred gold coins, then he headed towards the Wind Eyes City by himself.

The Wind Eyes City was a very large city, several times larger than the one in which Feng Shen Native Bank was located. The native bank here was the head of the Four Great native bank s, and the master of this city was much stronger than Feng Shen.

And the person that Chen Xiang wanted to kill right now was the son of the person who was sent to control native bank. He should have the same strength as Yu Fan, who was close to becoming a god.

However, Chen Xiang was not afraid of him, because Yu Fan had said before that for Gods like him who were sent down and had relatively powerful strength, when they came in, part of their power would be sealed by the Penalty Heavenly God, and they could only call for the Penalty Heavenly God when they were in danger.

So, even if Chen Xiang wanted to kill Yang Yan’s father, he didn’t have the guts to do so.

"If this Yang Yan is like his father, and has hunted quite a few Divine Deity in the past few years, I only need to get their Divine Deity." Chen Xiang suddenly changed his plans. For the time being, he would not kill Yang Yan and instead go closer to him.

If he wasn’t chased around by the Hell Devil Emperor, the plan in Chen Xiang’s mind would have gone smoothly.

He used the Azure Dragon cloak and quickly arrived at the Wind Eye City. The city was very strange and there was a huge pit in the middle of the city. This pit was emitting waves of light wind at every moment, so that was why the city got its name.

Legend has it that the pit was dug from the Black Sage Iron.

Chen Xiang came to the hotel opened by Yang Yan. This hotel was very luxurious, it was ten stories high, and every floor was extremely spacious, allowing many people to eat and sleep inside.

After changing his appearance, Chen Xiang went to the inn and released his divine power to check around. He wanted to see if Yang Yan was there, but he did not succeed, the inn was not normal, and the divine power could not penetrate through the floors.

"Manager, I want to see your boss, can you help me pass a message?" Chen Xiang came to the counter and asked.

"There are many people who want to see my boss every day. If my boss sees everyone, won’t he tire himself to death?" The manager laughed.

In order to express his sincerity, Chen Xiang took out a Tianshen Dan.

The Jiupin spiritual Dan is also very precious here, he laughed: "Manager, this is a little gift from me, sorry to trouble you!"

Even though the shopkeeper had never seen a Tianshen Dan before, he had heard that even though he could afford it, he was still very willing to accept it as a gift.

The shopkeeper laughed, "Then please wait a moment, I’ll go send him a message. It’s your business if you don’t see me."

Chen Xiang knew that even if he wanted to pass the message, he would have to wait for the shopkeeper.

"Boss is willing to meet you, please go up to the tenth floor." After the shopkeeper returned, he smiled and said to Chen Xiang.

After Chen Xiang went up to the tenth floor, he arrived at a great hall, where the boss was already waiting for him.

"This brother has given quite a good gift to Manager Yu. I think you really have something urgent to discuss with me." The one who spoke was Yang Yan, a sturdy young man. He smiled: "Please take a seat!"

After Chen Xiang sat down, he looked around: "Boss Yang, this place is not very convenient, the things I have to discuss with you are more important."

Looking at his face, Chen Xiang felt that he was a good person, not someone who would do whatever he wanted. Previously, Yu Fan had told him that the people he killed were all those kind of people who committed evil deeds, such as Peng Renyi.

There were other people in the hall, and they were all Yang Yan’s important guests. What Chen Xiang had said made Yang Yan a little unwilling.

"This is related to Yu Fan!" Chen Xiang whispered to Yang Yan.

Sure enough, hearing that it had something to do with Yu Fan, Yang Yan frowned and immediately stood up: "Follow me."

Yang Yan bade farewell to his guests and brought Chen Xiang to a secret room.

"Yu Fan just came here a few decades ago, but he always had a grudge against us. However, no one else knows about this matter, how do you know? "You are a prisoner!" Yang Yan asked.

"Because he told me to kill you!" Chen Xiang said: "Even though you think I’m very weak, I can really kill you!"

After Chen Xiang said this, Yang Yan actually smiled slightly, and did not immediately take precautions.

"You don’t believe I’ll kill you?" Chen Xiang also laughed.

"If you want to kill me, you definitely won’t come to me to talk about Yu Fan, and even more so, won’t tell me that Yu Fan asked you to kill me." Yang Yan laughed: "As expected, you came to find me for a very important matter."

"Tell me, why did Yu Fan let you kill me? Do you know how serious the consequences will be if you kill someone like me who came down from the Gods Realm? " Yang Yan asked.

"I don’t know what serious consequences there will be, and I don’t want to know either. Because I’m currently in a very bad situation, otherwise, I wouldn’t have been led astray by Yu Fan." Chen Xiang said with a serious face: "Yu Fan told me to kill you and take out your Divine Deity for him!"

"However, I know that as long as it isn’t someone who is a prisoner, their Divine Deity will be imprinted with a seal. Yu Fan had also told me before, not to mention that Yu Fan himself is a member of the Wealth Divine Palace.

Yang Yan nodded his head: "You are very smart, you didn’t kill me! I’m very curious now, why did you take the risk of going to hell to kill me? "

Chen Xiang had already thought that there was something fishy about this matter, but Yu Fan had become suspicious of him. Although killing this Yang Yan was fine, but from the looks of it, if he were to kill this Yang Yan now, he would be in big trouble. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

In order to cooperate with Yang Yan, Chen Xiang had restored his original appearance. Seeing his face, Yang Yan only needed to think for a short moment before understanding a lot of things.

"Yu Fan doesn’t need you anymore, so he told you to kill me. He had probably let you help him hunt Divine Deity before, and at the same time, made you choke. " Yang Yan laughed coldly: "However, no matter what, you are someone who has been offered a few pieces of Divine Deity by the Hell Devil Emperor, he is still underestimating you. You are indeed very smart."

Chen Xiang said honestly: "I helped him get one Divine Deity before, and he gave me twenty of them!"

"Twenty? This fellow’s appetite was too big! For someone like him, it is already a huge sum of money. However, he is still satisfied and knows that you are not easy to deal with, so he wanted to quickly eliminate you. "

Yang Yan laughed coldly, "You probably don’t know this, but Hell Devil Emperor has already taken a step forward. I don’t know how much he has paid to actually send two War Gods over, but they haven’t arrived yet."

"War god?" Chen Xiang didn’t know what War God meant, and the Azure Dragon hadn’t told him either.

"You might not know much about the affairs of the Gods Realm, so you should know about Feng Shen and Yao Shen here." Yang Yan said: "They are all the four great disciples of the God of Fortune, and also very powerful Gods."

"And wargods have that kind of status. As for strength, I think you probably have that kind of concept."

Chen Xiang nodded his head, "That is to say, the strength of the War Gods are below the God of Fortune and the others."

"That’s right, even if there were ten or a hundred of my teachers, they would still not be able to defeat them. As long as they come, your situation will be even more dangerous, and Yu Fan is worried that you will tell them about his situation before you die."

was very vexed that two War Gods had actually come, but he knew that the Azure Dragon would definitely be very happy.

"Then wouldn’t I die for sure?" Chen Xiang sighed: "Fortunately I didn’t kill you, otherwise I wouldn’t have known about this."

"It seems that I have to thank you. If you do anything to me, I feel that I will definitely be killed by you. Although you look very weak, I still feel that way." Yang Yan laughed, "However, if you kill me, it is very likely that you will go to hell to get captured by Hell Devil Emperor even faster."

"Also, you let me catch some information on Yu Fan."

Chen Xiang secretly cursed in his heart. He did not want to let Yu Fan get away with it so easily, but if he were to make a move against Yu Fan, Penalty Heavenly God would definitely make a move.

I helped Yu Fan get a set of Divine Deity, but I didn’t manage to get anything. " Chen Xiang clenched his fists tightly. Actually, he had also obtained a piece of Divine Deity.

"You want revenge?" Yang Yan asked.

"Of course I want to, this Yu Fan wants to kill me too." Chen Xiang said hatefully.

"But when Yu Fan encounters life threatening danger, Penalty Heavenly God will make his move. When the time comes, he will send you straight to hell." Yang Yan said: "But I have a way, which is to think of a way to catch him, as long as I don’t kill him, and don’t let him encounter any danger."

As long as he could capture Yu Fan and bring him away from Divine Prison, at that time, he would be able to kill Yu Fan.

"Actually, if you want to leave this place now, you only need ten or twenty thousand God’s Coins. I can give you this God’s Coin for no other reason but to make this friend of yours." Yang Yan took out a Storage bag and scanned it with his God Power. Then, he saw a pile of God’s money.

He never thought that this Yang Yan would actually be this kind of person. Although he didn’t know what intentions he had, it didn’t seem like he was going to do anything to him.

"I don’t want it anymore. I don’t plan to leave this place that quickly." Chen Xiang laughed: "But don’t worry, although I don’t want your divine money, but I will be friends with you."

This shocked Yang Yan: "I told you about those two War Gods before, they aren’t weak. If you take the divine money and leave, you can avoid being hunted down by them."

"To be honest, I had thought of capturing you before, then thinking of a way to get more Divine Deity from you and your master. However, that was just a thought." Chen Xiang laughed, "I have my own ways to deal with those two War Gods."

Yang Yan shook his head and sighed: "No wonder the Hell Devil Emperor paid such a heavy price to capture you. He ordered two war gods to come down, and each of them required at least a billion god’s money.

"You and I will let his divine money go to waste!" Chen Xiang laughed, "I’ll be taking my leave now. I need to make some preparations before those War Gods come."

Yang Yan cupped his hands towards Chen Xiang: "I hope that in the future, we can have a nice drink together in Gods Realm. Although we are friends, we couldn’t even drink a little, what a pity!"