Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

After Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi finished their meal and drank their wine, they did not stay in the hotel for long. They had already agreed to come back after a while. At the same time, he had asked Yang Yan to help him find ice and fire attributed Holy Fruits from the Gods Realm.

After Chen Xiang left, Yang Yan stood by the bedside, and looked at the Chen Xiang who had disappeared at the end of the street, and sighed softly.

"A Yan, I know you like to make friends, not bad, but this Chen Xiang is too dangerous. Although he looks not bad, we still have to be vigilant, and we can’t let Hell Devil Emperor know that you and he have dealings, otherwise it will be very troublesome."

Suddenly, a middle-aged man dressed in simple clothing appeared behind Yang Yan. He was Yang Yan’s father and master, Yang Kai Rui.

"Father, Chen Xiang is a good person, I think that he will definitely have some accomplishments in the future, and as long as you treat him sincerely, he will also treat you as a good friend!" Yang Yan said: "Don’t worry, I know what I’m doing. If something happens, I will take responsibility myself!"

"You’re my son. If something were to happen to you, how could I bear to let you handle it?" Yang Kai Rui patted Yang Yan’s shoulders: "I hope you’re not mistaken!"

Yang Yan said: "What happened at Hell Devil Emperor? What happened to those two wargods? "

Furthermore, the person who killed them was not the Azure Dragon. Otherwise, no matter how close the relationship between the Penalty Heavenly God and the Azure Dragon is, he wouldn’t be able to take advantage of the situation and send the Azure Dragon into hell. "Su Yun said in a low voice.

Hearing his father’s words, Yang Yan was shocked and hurriedly said: "So you’re saying, those two wargods were killed by Chen Xiang? How did he kill it? Impossible! Even if it is Father, I am afraid that we cannot shake the body of the profound God, and even if it is possible, it would be very difficult to erase the soul. "

Yang Kai Rui nodded: "That’s why I’m worried that you and Chen Xiang are getting too close and are causing trouble! If it was really Chen Xiang who killed him, Penalty Heavenly God will also turn a blind eye. As long as Chen Xiang did not take the initiative to look for Penalty Heavenly God, Penalty Heavenly God will not look for him! "

"However, the Hell Divine Palace and the War God Shrine are currently pressuring the Penalty Heavenly God. They hope that the Penalty Heavenly God will punish Chen Xiang and send him to hell."

Yang Yan frowned: "Doesn’t this mean that it will be detrimental to Chen Xiang? If Penalty Heavenly God is unable to withstand the pressure, then Chen Xiang will certainly be sent to hell, and will never be able to recover! "

Yang Kai Rui laughed: "Don’t worry, that Penalty Heavenly God fellow will not easily agree. Moreover, the more you force him, the more he will do the opposite! Back then, the God of Fortune’s ancestor had hardened his heart to send the Azure Dragon to hell, but the Penalty Heavenly God had always disagreed with him. You should tell him about this first, and let him be a bit mentally prepared! "

After Chen Xiang left the Wind Eye City, he immediately ran to the Feng Shen Native Bank and went straight to Yu Fan’s residence. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Of course, Yu Fan knew about the two War Gods that the Hell Devil Emperor had sent. At that time, he thought that Chen Xiang was definitely going to die, so he told Chen Xiang to kill him. No matter what the result was, it would be beneficial to him.

Now that Yu Fan found out that the two War Gods had died and saw Chen Xiang standing in front of him smiling, his heart skipped a beat.

"Master Yu, that Yang Yan is too powerful, I can’t kill him, you better change your target." Chen Xiang had no intentions to break off all decorum with Yu Fan yet.

Of course, Yu Fan didn’t know that Chen Xiang had already become friends with him, nor did he know that Chen Xiang had already understood his character.

Not bad, Yang Yan is really strong, it’s good that you’re fine. Seeing that Chen Xiang was still looking for him, Yu Fan was happy in his heart, because Chen Xiang was an outstanding Divine Deity Hunter.

Chen Xiang deliberately snorted coldly: "Yang Yan is very strong, but I almost killed him. As long as I can cultivate a Emperor soul, I can kill him.

Seeing how serious Chen Xiang was speaking, Yu Fan started to believe him. Right now, he was just curious how those two War Gods didn’t kill Chen Xiang and how they died.

"Emperor soul?" Yu Fan asked: "What is this?"

The name of Gods Realm was not Emperor soul, but rather Soul Essence. The green dragon had mentioned it to Chen Xiang before.

"Soul essence!" Chen Xiang said.

"You still don’t have soul essence left?" Yu Fan was shocked, he thought Chen Xiang’s strength should be close to that of a demigod.

"If I had it, I would have killed Yang Yan long ago!" Chen Xiang sighed: "If only I had another Divine Deity, I would be able to kill Yang Yan."

Yu Fan’s heart suddenly thumped, he knew that Hell Devil Emperor had paid a huge price and sent two War Gods to kill Chen Xiang, but Chen Xiang was still alive, while the two War Gods were dead. Hell Devil Emperor would not deal with Chen Xiang in the near future, because Hell Devil Emperor’s vitality was greatly injured, and he would need a period of time to recover.

He was definitely hoping that Chen Xiang would be a bit stronger than him, so that he could continue to rely on Chen Xiang to hunt Divine Deity. Now that he knew that Chen Xiang did not have soul essence, he could kill powerful people like Sun You and Peng Renyi. If Chen Xiang were to condense soul essence, then he would not need to think so deeply about the targets that Chen Xiang would choose, and Chen Xiang could also help him hunt for Divine Deity even faster.

Yu Fan had suspected Chen Xiang before, and he had even planned to borrow Chen Xiang’s hand to kill him, but now that he saw that Chen Xiang had still come back to him in a daze, he made him think that he had completely fooled Chen Xiang.

"Lord Yu, this is the divine money you gave me last time. I didn’t use it much, so I might as well return it to you!" Chen Xiang returned the hundreds of gold coins that Yu Fan had given him.

Yu Fan received the divine money, and after careful consideration, he sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang: "I’ll give you Peng Renyi’s Divine Deity, and help you cultivate and produce soul essence. But in the future, you have to help me hunt even more Divine Deity! Of course, when the time comes, you can also get some yourself. "

"Is this appropriate? that Divine Deity is worth twenty million divine coins. " Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course it’s appropriate, I’m helping you increase your strength, and you have to help me hunt more Divine Deity. This is a fair deal! However, after you have cultivated your soul essence, you must not look for Yang Yan again. His father is very powerful, and if you fail to kill him the first time, there will be no second chance. "

Yu Fan was worried that if Chen Xiang went back again, he would lure the Penalty Heavenly God out, and Chen Xiang would be dead for sure.

"Okay, as long as I can cultivate it, I will definitely help you hunt Divine Deity multiple times." Chen Xiang said with a sincere face.

Yu Fan took out a piece of Divine Deity and passed it to Chen Xiang: "Once you have cultivated the soul essence, come and find me immediately!"

Chen Xiang received the Divine Deity, nodded his head, and then quickly left. He was overjoyed in his heart, he did not expect that it would be so easy to swindle Peng Renyi’s Divine Deity from his hands!

"This bastard is too worried. After knowing that I had the strength to almost kill Yang Yan, in order for me to quickly hunt down more Divine Deity, I actually tripped." Chen Xiang was overjoyed in his heart. Some people who were scammed would only fall for it because they were too greedy.

Yu Fan thought that Chen Xiang had no one to rely on in the Divine Prison, and only he was able to receive Chen Xiang. He also thought that he had treated Chen Xiang very well, giving him so much God’s money was enough to bribe his heart, so he trusted Chen Xiang very much.