Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The green dragon told Chen Xiang not to think too much. Although he was confident that he could handle it, Chen Xiang was still worried.

Chen Xiang stayed there for a few days, Liu Meng’er and the other girls also finished refining the Divine Deity.

"Right now, those profound God s and War Gods have yet to come down, it’s not like I can’t leave this place too quickly and kill Yu Fan. I’m afraid the Penalty Heavenly God will appear." Chen Xiang looked at the Divine Deity in his hands and became a little hesitant.

"This Divine Deity will explode in five days, even if placed inside the Storage magic treasure, it will still explode out. The main reason is because it will detonate the powerful energy contained within the Divine Deity, so you only have five days!" Xue Xianxian said, "When the time comes, I will ask Grandfather Azure Dragon and see if Penalty Heavenly God knows about this! It would also be against the rules for Yu Fan to hunt Divine Deity here, so he deserves to be killed. "

The green dragon said: "It’s fine, as long as you don’t do it yourself, there’s nothing much to say about Penalty Heavenly God, but at that time it will be a little troublesome. After all, Yu Fan is someone that Gods Realm sent down, if Feng Shen wants to pursue the matter, it would be hard to say.

After Chen Xiang heard the Azure Dragon’s words, he took the Divine Deity of ten million Feng Shen Native Bank and went to find Yu Fan.

At least he had earned a set of Divine Deity now. He was also worried about the s that were coming down from Gods Realm, as he felt that it would be the time of Chen Xiang’s death.

"Any new targets?" Chen Xiang laughed: "This time, progress is more successful!"

"Not at the moment. Wait a little longer!" Yu Fan had thought about it carefully previously and decided not to let Chen Xiang hunt Divine Deity for him anymore.

"Lord Yu, I’m in urgent need of some divine money to purchase a good magical equipment. Can you give me some first?" Chen Xiang also wanted to take this opportunity to earn some money.

"How much do you need?" Yu Fan asked.

"Eight hundred dollars!" The divine money that Chen Xiang wanted was for Tai Qiang. He promised to help Tai Qiang return to the Gods Realm, since Tai Qiang had helped him before.

"I only have seven hundred for now!" Yu Fan pondered for a moment and gave Chen Xiang seven hundred gold.

Chen Xiang left a secret mark here and he soon found out that Tai Qiang was currently in a small city nearby.

After arriving at the small city, Chen Xiang found Tai Qiang, and without a word, he stuffed the Storage bag back to Tai Qiang.

"There are seven hundred gold coins in here. That should be enough for you to leave!" Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to Tai Qiang: "I am hiding behind a lot of trouble, quickly leave! Don’t ever let Yu Fan have his eyes on you, he already wanted to kill me off. "

Tai Qiang was extremely grateful to Chen Xiang. He also didn’t expect that Chen Xiang, a person who had just arrived at Divine Prison, would already have obtained this much divine money to help him leave the Divine Prison.

"No need to thank me, farewell!" Tai Qiang left very straightforwardly.

Watching Tai Qiang leave, Chen Xiang hoped that he would become stronger in the future when he reached Gods Realm!

"It’s time to go back. It’s safer to stay by Azure Dragon’s side." When Chen Xiang returned to the second calamity, he saw the green dragon standing at the top of the mountain all day with a face full of anticipation, waiting for those profound God s to come.

After Chen Xiang returned, the green dragon came down from the top. Being locked in this place was indeed very boring, other than cultivating, he wanted to find some fun.

"Senior, I’ll return this to you!" Chen Xiang handed the green dragon cape to the green dragon.

"From now on, don’t run around. As long as I sense the arrival of those fellows, I will immediately send you away. As long as you are by my side, you will be fine." The green dragon took the cloak. This cloak was also a pretty good divine tool, and Liu Meng’er and the others had already researched it before.

Right now, Xue Xianxian and the others were focused on refining the divine vessel in the ring. To them, the most difficult thing was smelting those Top stone s, but fortunately Chen Xiang had bought a divine furnace for them before, so they could be of great use during the smelting process. Furthermore, the green dragon was also injecting a ball of fire into the ring, so they only needed to control the flame.

Three days had passed, and Chen Xiang was leaning on a tree and studying the Heavenly Alchemy. At this time, just as dawn broke, the green dragon cried out in alarm, and suddenly appeared in front of Chen Xiang.

"He’s here!" The green dragon’s face was filled with excitement, "Brat, we’ll be saying our goodbyes like this. Be good to that little girl and don’t let her die again!"

As the green dragon spoke, he released a very powerful Dragon God power. The space behind him began to fluctuate!

What shocked Chen Xiang was that he felt a type of power of law from the terrifying Dragon God’s power of the Azure Dragon. Because he possessed the spatial Rule spiritual bead, he was extremely familiar with this kind of power of law, even though it wasn’t the same kind of power as himself.

"It’s the Time Laws!" Chen Xiang was extremely shocked. The green dragon actually grasped the laws of time, no wonder he could send him away from here.

"Goodbye!" After the green dragon finished speaking, he anxiously turned around and threw Chen Xiang into the spatial tunnel that was opened behind him.

Before Chen Xiang even had the chance to say his goodbyes to the Azure Dragon, he had arrived in a forest filled with purple light!

"It’s the Purple Leaf Forest! I’m back! " Chen Xiang landed on a tree branch and shook off a purple glowing leaf.

... ....

After the green dragon sent Chen Xiang away, a ray of rainbow light suddenly appeared above him. Hundreds of profound God wearing different colored sacred armor that emitted different colored rays of light appeared with divine weapons in their hands.

Before they had come, they already knew what kind of expert the Azure Dragon was. But now, seeing that the Azure Dragon was only a small old man, they couldn’t help but feel disdain in their hearts.

"You guys are looking for Chen Xiang, right? He has already left!" The green dragon laughed: "You came here for nothing, you should know that after entering the Divine Prison for one year, you can pay the divine money to leave, which also means, you will have to stay here for another year!"

"I am not looking for Chen Xiang. The mission you guys received was to come here and defeat you, and to cripple you." A large man said coldly.

After that man said that, dozens of profound God stepped forward, "We are here to deal with Chen Xiang."

These hundred or so profound God s all carried out different missions.

"Regardless, you will still have to stay here for a year!" The Azure Dragon laughed loudly, "This one year’s time is enough for me to defeat you and cripple you!"

After the Azure Dragon finished speaking, a great battle immediately broke out ....

Chen Xiang returned to the Life Forest. He was a little worried about the Azure Dragon, but worrying was useless!

"The Azure Dragon knows the Time Laws, but he might only have an initial grasp of it, otherwise he can definitely leave the Divine Prison." Chen Xiang said.

"Old cyan bug is truly powerful. Back then, I was slightly stronger than him. Now, I am truly inferior to him." Long Xueyi sighed: "I might be able to become an Empyrean God in the future."

Chen Xiang looked around: "We can go back now, even if a large group of Strong of Lord Stage comes to capture me, they won’t be able to do anything to me!"

After returning, Chen Xiang was able to use the power of the spatial laws. He opened a spatial passageway and returned to Di Tian.

"Is this Di Tian?" Chen Xiang exclaimed.

"Are you in the wrong place? You haven’t used the Law of Space for so long, and you’re already unfamiliar with it? " Long Xueyi anxiously said.

Even though the place Chen Xiang resided was in was a forest, the concentrated holy spirit energy here was like the best location among all the Endless Heaven Realm s, like a high-grade Holy stone mine. Chen Xiang could not help but suspect that there was a dragon vein of the Holy stone here.

"That’s right, this is Di Tian!" Chen Xiang was extremely certain, "Could it be that a long time has passed here and then we grew up?!"

"Huh?" Leng Youlan was a little worried. "Then won’t we be left behind the others?" FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"You Lan, you have my White Dragon Vein, you don’t have to worry about falling behind. With your brother, the Pill Saint, you can quickly surpass me." Long Xueyi laughed.

Chen Xiang said, "This used to be a city but it is no longer here. How long has it been since Di Tian arrived?"

Chen Xiang floated high in the sky, and once again opened a spatial passageway. This time, he arrived at an extremely large city!

"The city where the Hundreds of Flowers Palace used to be, has actually become so huge!" Chen Xiang floated in the sky and looked down at the endless buildings below.

"What a strong defensive array. I can’t even use the power of space to break through it!" Chen Xiang was shocked once again, he then landed on the ground and stood in front of the gigantic city gate, looking at the four big words "Hundred Blossom Holy Nations".

"How many years has it been?" From those four words, Chen Xiang could tell that this place had already been completely occupied by Lv Qilian, and that she had even become a true Flower Emperor.

When Chen Xiang entered the city gates, he needed to explain his identity and background. Moreover, he had previously discovered that there were quite a few disguised people who would be reflected in the huge mirror placed beside the city gates when they entered.

Chen Xiang took out the order badge from the Flower Emperor and handed it over to the city guard. The guard took a look at it and immediately became respectful towards Chen Xiang.

"It’s been so long, but this brand is still so useful!" Chen Xiang kept the plate and easily entered the city gate.

There were two areas, one was the teleportation area of the Hundred Blossom Holy Nations, and the other was the teleportation area of the Hundred Blossom Holy Nations.

Chen Xiang arrived at the teleportation area and saw the Ice Dragon Holy Nations, Demon Suppressing Holy Nations, Fire Divine Nations, Holy Ice Nation, Holy Thunder Nation ... From those names, he could tell what kind of powers these Holy Nations were originally.

"Divine Feather Nation! Feng Yujie is here too! " Long Xueyi said.

"What happened to Di Tian?" The power of the Holy Spirit is so dense, that even Endless Heaven Realm s were left far behind, and have all come here brazenly! " Chen Xiang said.

Could this be one of the Three Water Overlords of the Sacred Water Heavenly Realm, the Floating City? Back then City Lord was a good person, I helped you stop the group of Strong of Lord Stage chasing after you. " Long Xueyi said.

"The Hou Clan of one of the Three Water Overlords should be that Sacred Marquis Country. She should also be here!" Dongfang Xinyue clenched her teeth, she was indeed wanted by the Hou Clan at that time.

"There’s also the Supreme Holy Nations, Saint Evil Kingdom ... It’s good that these guys are here, so I don’t have to run around and chase them down! " Chen Xiang sneered.

Leng Youlan said: "Brother, why is there no Dragon Subduing Holy Nations?"