Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"He went back to the Divine Feather Holy Nations with Feng Yujie!" When Lv Qilian saw that Chen Xiang still had more to ask, he said, "Ziqian is also with them, they are both currently at the Divine Feather Holy Nations."

said that he would go and tidy up his clothes, and he will be there shortly! Zi Lan and the other three sisters went to take care of their business here, while the other two went to the Holy Spirit Rabbit’s captivity room. Xiang Yue and Qianqian are still in Chaos Realm. "

Chen Xiang forced out a few dry laughs, he did not expect Lv Qilian to tell him the whereabouts of these girls in one go.

Xue Xianxian, who was at the side, lightly pinched his waist and had a trace of jealousy on his face. Although she had long known that Chen Xiang had some ambiguous relationship with many girls, she couldn’t do anything about it!

"We will be refining in the Hundreds of Flowers Palace during this time! Qilian, I might need your help at that time. " Liu Meng’er said, "Since you all know that Chen Xiang has returned, it means that Chen Xiang has not gotten rid of Hell Devil Emperor’s Tracing mantra yet."

Xue Xianxian and Dongfang Xinyue both returned to the ring to clean up.

"After you entered the Life Forest, did you actually experience it? What kind of world is it inside? " Lv Qinlian looked at Chen Xiang with a charming smile, but her eyes were filled with longing.

"Let them talk! In short, I’ve only been inside for a year or two, and I don’t know how I lost those five thousand years. Even if the time inside was disordered, it wouldn’t be so disorderly as that. " Chen Xiang was already suspecting that there was a problem with the green dragon’s Time Code power.

"Bro, sis!" When Mu Qianxiang came in, and saw Chen Xiang and the others, she immediately shouted and threw herself into Leng Youlan’s embrace. The two of them were very aggressive, and had often fought together, with deep feelings for each other.

"Xiao Xiang, you’re so much stronger than me!" Leng Youlan said with a bitter face: "I lost five thousand years, but I will definitely catch up."

Then, Xue Xianxian pulled Mu Qianxiang and told them what had happened in Divine Prison.

"What exactly is inside the Chaos Realm? "Why did you guys enter all of a sudden?" Chen Xiang asked.

"The Nine Heaven World and the Endless Heaven Realm’s core world. However, it is relatively dangerous inside, so it is not suitable for us to migrate. It is only suitable for us to search for treasures of the heavens and earth, as well as the remains of deities. Xiang Yue and Qianqian are inside searching for the Holy level’s medicinal ingredients. "

Lv Qilian came over to Chen Xiang’s side and continued: "Because you suddenly came back, the Holy Nations’s Emperors all anxiously brought their people back, afraid that you would enter while you were still in the air."

Speaking of the Dragon Subduing School being taken care of, the anger in Chen Xiang’s heart immediately flared up.

"After the Dragon Subduing School was destroyed, where did they go? I’m going to look for them! " Chen Xiang asked.

"You’ve only been there a year or two, and five thousand years have passed. Are you sure you have the strength to fight back?" Lv Qilian said: "At first, we were already prepared for a tough battle, but in the end your master chose to give up on the Dragon Subduing School. He was also very clear about the strength of the Ten Great Holy Nations, and after so much time had passed, your master grew up in secret, so even though his strength has increased, he still feels that this is not the time for a big battle."

"Especially you! "You are lagging behind a lot!" Although Lv Qilian could not see through Chen Xiang’s current strength, according to common sense, Chen Xiang was more than five thousand years behind. No matter how strong he was, he would definitely be unable to compare to the Ten Great Holy Nations who had the Hell Devil Emperor’s secret support. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"Also, right now, the strongest is the Fire Divine Nations! The Fire Divine Nations is alone and not within the Ten Great Holy Nations, but the one with the most dragon vein is this Fire Divine Nations! Because the Fire Divine Nations is secretly supported by the Fire Divine Palace above, and is even more powerful in every aspect. "

"What?" Chen Xiang gritted his teeth: "Could it be that the half-dead Fire Emperor from back then became very strong?"

"That’s right, Qi Shi was injured by him! I was almost killed, that Fire Emperor is really strong now, I’m afraid even I am not his match! If you want to start a war now, my Hundreds of Flowers Palace will definitely support you, but you better think carefully, at the very least, you need to understand what happened during the past five thousand years. "

Lv Qilian let out a light sigh. She could clearly feel Chen Xiang’s current anger, her own Dragon Subduing School would definitely be very angry if it was taken away and her dragon veins snatched away.

"If we are to start a war, I will not allow you all to participate. My Dragon Subduing School can take care of it!" Chen Xiang’s voice was calm. Looking at Long Xueyi, he smiled lightly: "very high Elder of Dragon Subduing School, let’s go!"

"Bro, I... I want to go too! " Leng Youlan knew that she was very weak now, but she really wanted to help.

"I’m going too. I’ve obtained the Sword Emperor’s inheritance, and now I already possess the Divine Deity!" Mu Qianxiang said with a confident smile.

"You Lan, you stay here! Qilian should have a way to help you all quickly increase your strength! Meng’er, put aside the matter of refining the divine vessel, make good use of the Holy Spirit Rabbit blood! "Also, I will send you the Holy Elixir at regular intervals."

Hearing Chen Xiang’s calm tone, Leng Youlan and Mu Qianxiang did not say anymore, because Chen Xiang gave them a very strange feeling, causing them to not dare to disobey.

"Qi Shi said that you would definitely be able to find the bottom of their You Ming Deep Abyss." Lv Qilian said, "Do not force yourself. If you need help, I, Hundred Blossom Holy Nations, Ice Dragon Holy Nations, Demon Suppressing Holy Nations, Divine Feather Holy Nations and Floating Life Holy Nations will all be able to help you!"

"Floating Holy Nations?" Chen Xiang never thought that the Emperor Liu Fusheng of the Floating Holy Nations would actually have such a good relationship with the Dragon Subduing School.

"Yes, during the great battle back then, Liu Fusheng participated in it as well. If your master did not ask for it to stop, I think that even though the outcome was somewhat tragic, the Dragon Subduing School and the dragon vein could still be preserved." Lv Qilian said.

"My master might be crazy, but he did a good job on this! If there had been too many casualties at that time, it would not have been a good thing. The Hell Devil Emperor would have used the large number of dead spirits to recover from his injuries.

Chen Xiang said: "I’ll go find my master and the others first, and after I’m done chatting with them, I’ll come back to discuss an important matter with you because I urgently need a batch of Holy level medicinal herbs!"

What Chen Xiang said was precisely to cultivate the Alive Slain Method with her, and condense those spirit pearls with her. At that time, she would have to kiss him endlessly, but she had some expectations in her heart, even though she looked like a high and mighty emperor on the surface, but seeing that Chen Xiang had returned, she was extremely excited.

After Chen Xiang left the Hundred Blossom Holy Nations, he immediately opened a spatial door, and went to the bottom of the You Ming Deep Abyss. When he thought of how Dragon Subduing School was forced to hide in this deep abyss, the anger in Chen Xiang’s heart burned once again.