Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

After losing, she would become a slave for a hundred thousand years. Chen Xiang carefully thought about it, Feng Yujie was not joking around right now.

Of course, Chen Xiang was also very confident in himself, it was just that Feng Yujie had already agreed to his shameful conditions, it could be seen that Feng Yujie definitely had some tricks up her sleeve.

"What is it? I’ve already agreed to it, why are you dawdling? It can’t be that you’re scared! " Feng Yujie laughed in disdain, and stuck out her tongue proudly.

"Well... It’s a bit unfair that you put forward such conditions! " Although Chen Xiang was confident in himself, he had to prepare for the worst. What if he lost?

"What do you think? If I lose, then I will be your servant for 10,000 years. That should be fine, right? I am, after all, someone who has been offered four Divine Deity s by the Hell Devil Emperor, and you don’t know this yet, but in order to capture me in the Divine Prison, I suffered an even greater loss.

What Chen Xiang said was true, the two War Gods sent by the Hell Devil Emperor had already spent around this amount.

Against Chen Xiang’s expectations, Feng Yujie actually agreed very straightforwardly. "Alright, in order to prevent you from being shameless, we need to get a contract or something like that.

"It can’t be better!" Chen Xiang chuckled: "If you lose, I can do whatever I want with you, you promised me! Also, I can’t let sister Meiyao and Sister You You know about this, otherwise, I won’t do it! "

When Feng Yujie saw that Chen Xiang had hardened his heart to do such dirty things to her, he cursed in his heart and spat lightly, "You don’t have to be too proud, you’ll soon be my servant!"

"Of course I have to be proud, because I will soon ... "Cough, cough." Chen Xiang said with an evil smile.

After signing the contract, both Chen Xiang and Feng Yujie sinisterly laughed a few times, because they believed that the other party would definitely lose.

"I really want to know, little devil, don’t talk about losing five thousand years, you aren’t too strong yourself." "Even if you have a Heavenly Alchemy and a pretty good perception, you are too arrogant. I am a pill saint for hundreds of thousands of years, and I can refine high quality pills now!" Feng Yujie looked down on Chen Xiang. At this moment, she was truly looking down on him.

"You should know that I can refine Shangpin holy Dan now! "Even if you are able to concoct a low grade saint pill, you and I are on two completely different levels." Feng Yujie was filled with confidence, as if she had already won.

"We already said before when we signed the contract that we would choose a pill that both parties could forge during the competition!" Therefore, even if you could refine a divine pill, it wouldn’t be your advantage! "You know how to concoct mid-grade saint pills, but I can’t even concoct a Tier 7 or 8 immortal pill, so I might as well defeat you."

Chen Xiang laughed faintly and struck back.

"Tell me while touching your chest. Did you really lose to me at that time?"

Feng Yujie admitted in her heart that even if she had used all her strength, she would have still lost to Chen Xiang. But now, she was different.

Although she was very confident in her heart, she would not underestimate Chen Xiang. For Chen Xiang to dare to bet with her, it showed that he had his own trump card.

"Alright, in order to make you convinced of your defeat, you can decide on the pill you want to refine!" Two out of three! " Feng Yujie said: "A round to determine the victor, and luck is also a factor, in order to display your strength, I have to compete a few more times."

Chen Xiang nodded: "I agree with you! Let’s refine a Tianshen Dan of the ninth level of the Immortal Realm first! "

"No problem, I will pay for the ingredients!" I have one here. " was still rather surprised in his heart. Tianshen Dan were extremely difficult to refine, but Chen Xiang had actually chosen this from the beginning, and refining Tianshen Dan would have been very difficult, to the point where he would have to split the burden between them. Other Alchemist wouldn’t normally choose this, and Chen Xiang had only stayed in the Divine Prison for a few years, yet he was able to refine this Tianshen Dan.

However, Feng Yujie was very confident in herself refining the Tianshen Dan, because she had often refined Tianshen Dan before to raise her level.

When he refined the Tianshen Dan, he could produce 12 pellets at the highest. He felt that no matter how strong this Feng Yujie was, it would at most be a few pellets, which would definitely not be able to surpass him. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Seeing the confident and beautiful smile on Feng Yujie’s face, Chen Xiang laughed to himself: "Don’t be too happy yet, I will use the most ruthless method to defeat you later!"

Feng Yujie said: "Don’t tell me we do not need a judge? After all, during the process of refining pills, there will inevitably be some special circumstances which will need to be evaluated by the judge. "

"Which referee should I choose?" Chen Xiang asked: "I don’t have a good candidate!"

"Liu Fusheng, Bai Guang Yao, Lv Zhen, Grandma Lv, Lv Qilian, you don’t have any objections, do you? I can call them now. " Feng Yujie said.

These people were all acquaintances of Chen Xiang, so he naturally did not have any objections. Although their relationship was not bad with him, but at that time, these five people would definitely be very fair.

"Alright, then you can wait. I’ll give you another hour to prepare so that you won’t have to come up with all sorts of excuses when you lose."

Feng Yujie placed great importance on this competition, she stood up and left the garden, looking for the judge she was talking about.

Not long after she left, Chen Xiang saw two beautiful figures appear in the distance. Upon closer inspection, it was actually Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou! And behind them, there were also three equally beautiful women, namely Bai Ziqian, Hong Xia and Ji Ling’er.

Seeing Chen Xiang, these girls were also very excited, especially Su Meiyao who had confirmed their relationship with him, who flew over from afar and landed in his arms.

"Little Scoundrel, I missed you so much!" Su Meiyao hugged Su Meiyao tightly and looked at him with alluring eyes. She extended her jade hands to caress Chen Xiang’s handsome and determined face.

"I miss you too!" Chen Xiang kissed Su Meiyao’s face, then giggled while looking at the other women: "I miss you guys too!"

"Sister You You, Sister Ziqian! You all wear the same clothes, and standing together is so beautiful! "

Bai Youyou and Bai Ziqian were both dressed in the same light white cheongsam. The two girls both had ice-cold yet incomparably beautiful faces and the same cold and proud temperament. However, they both gave Chen Xiang a beautiful short-lived smile.

"It’s been five thousand years and you, little scoundrel, still haven’t changed. Your eyes are still so dishonest!" Bai Youyou chuckled. "Where’s Xue Yi?"

"I’m here! I don’t want to go out right now. " The reason why she didn’t want to go out was because she was worried about Bai Yaowei, Lv Zhen and the other Rankers. This was because she currently had too many people behind her.

This was the Imperial Palace of the Divine Feather Holy Nations, so Chen Xiang didn’t dare to stay here too casually.

Chen Xiang and the few girls sat in the pavilion, narrating what happened to him once more. Hearing Chen Xiang’s words, the girls were all very surprised.

When they heard Chen Xiang say that he would compete with Feng Yujie in pill refining, these few women were even more surprised.

"This... "You should be mentally prepared to lose if you compete with your mother in pill refinement!" Su Meiyao said: "All these years, I have been learning alchemy with her, I am now a pill saint, I can concoct low grade saint pills! Of course, the refining technique that I am using is your God purification, Mother made many improvements in the God purification, so she has improved a lot. "

"You won’t blame me, will you? I passed the God purification to her! " Su Meiyao was a little worried that Chen Xiang would blame her

"Of course I won’t blame you. Since she used my God purification, then this means that she received inspiration from me. Only then will she be convinced after losing." Chen Xiang laughed, he did not feel like it at all.

He was happy that Feng Yujie was able to use his pill refining skills, because he could use this method to provoke Feng Yujie’s prideful heart anytime in the future.

"It looks like you’ve won!" Mother is now capable of refining Shangpin holy Dan. Although her main cultivation path is not to refine pills, to have such high attainments is not something that can be easily defeated. " The one who spoke was Bai Ziqian.

"What is it? Sister Ziqian, you also became that woman’s daughter? " Chen Xiang looked at Red Dawn and Ji Ling’er who were at the side. "I think you two are the five sisters now, right?"

Su Meiyao laughed and pinched the flesh on Chen Xiang’s arm: "Have you started to let your thoughts run wild?"

"Where is it?!"

Chen Xiang anxiously pulled away from Su Meiyao’s delicate hand that was filled with power. Feng Yujie was a powerful Pill Saint, although Su Meiyao and the others were her adopted daughters, but to them, she was like their biological daughters, giving them the best resources, training them.

"Chen Xiang, you must be thinking about something evil." Ji Ling’er giggled and said: "Over these years, Hong Xia and I have gained a new understanding of you."

"Humph!" Bai Ziqian coldly snorted. The few of them had been together for more than a thousand years, and Su Meiyao had already told them about those perverted matters he had several times.

"You guys aren’t kind, you’re discrediting me everywhere!" Chen Xiang had a wronged expression on his face, "I really didn’t think that way. I’ve always been very honest!"

Long Xueyi originally wanted to speak up for him, but when she thought about how Feng Yujie would give him whatever two hours he wanted her to do if he lost, she still felt that it was better to let it go.

Being stared at by the few girls with such looks of contempt made Chen Xiang feel weak in his heart, but he thought to himself, "Wait till I take care of your godmother, I’ll see how you guys can continue being cocky then!"

"Oh yeah, have you guys fought against the Mei Emperor before?" Chen Xiang quickly changed the topic, and it was a success.

"Yes!" They had beaten her twice, but they had not been able to kill her each time. She had many experts protecting her, especially the emperor of the Ten Great Holy Nations. As long as she spoke, he would never refuse her request! I heard she’s still in Chaos Realm. "

"Xiang Yue and Qianqian are also in Chaos Realm. Will they be alright?" Chen Xiang had heard Lv Qilian say before that Hua Xiangyue and Wu Qianqian were searching for precious Holy Medicine in the Chaos Realm.

"Don’t be too worried, Xiangyue and Qianqian have obtained the inheritance of the Dan Emperor, it’s definitely not ordinary." Su Meiyao said: "They are also often with us, discussing the art of refining pills."