Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Feng Yujie also saw that Chen Xiang’s nine Magic method furnace had three blood glowing Dragon Blood Saint Dan s, all of these happened very quickly. She never thought that Chen Xiang, who had been distracted by her all this while, would suddenly refine the Dragon Blood Saint Dan after stubbornly resisting for a period of time.

All of these things were done in an instant, so fast that Feng Yujie did not even have time to react!

Aside from that, condensing three Dragon Blood Saint Dan s was similarly shocking, because Feng Yujie’s own limit was also only two of them!

Feng Yujie retracted her Charm attack, causing Chen Xiang to instantly relax, and his face revealed a pleased smile!

Twice, Feng Yujie lost so thoroughly, especially this time, she even used some underhanded methods, but she couldn’t win against Chen Xiang at all.

"You win!" Feng Yujie bit her lower lip and snorted.

She was still refining her Dragon Blood Saint Dan, and had admitted his defeat twice, so the judge who was invited did not need to give any evaluation.

After two hours, Feng Yujie managed to condense the pellet successfully. She was able to refine two Dragon Blood Saint Dan s per furnace, and the quality was also not bad.

The reason why Chen Xiang came to the Divine Feather Holy Nations was to see Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou, and now that he had met them, and even defeated Feng Yujie, it could be said that the harvest on this trip was extremely plentiful.

Seeing that Feng Yujie’s beautiful face revealed a trace of fear, Chen Xiang laughed and sent a sound transmission to him, "I’ll let you fulfill your promise in a while! "Don’t worry, I’m very gentle."

"Humph!" Furthermore, there was still a contract, and Feng Yujie could not go back on his words. Seeing the mischievous smile on Chen Xiang’s face, Feng Yujie knew that Chen Xiang would not show mercy at that time.

Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou were still staying here. Although they were strong now, they were still unable to defeat the Mei Emperor. They were now the targets of the Mei Emperor, so they had to stay and raise their strength.

Chen Xiang, Lv Zhen and the others chatted for a while before they returned to You Ming Deep Abyss. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"Little Scoundrel, are you really going to ... take that Feng Yujie away ..." Long Xueyi laughed: "Aren’t you afraid that sister Meiyao and the others will scold you to death?"

Chen Xiang said: "I’m not that stupid. Before I figure out Feng Yujie’s true identity, I didn’t bother to touch her, but when she seduced me previously, I really wanted to eat her."

"Feng Yujie is indeed mysterious, but she is not a bad person. At the very least, she treats sister Meiyao and the others very well, just that she is a little mischievous." Long Xueyi laughed.

Chen Xiang, Qi Shi and Jiang Sheng would arrive not long after he returned.

"Do you have the whereabouts of the Ice Emperor?" When Chen Xiang returned, he was full of anger. He had long wanted to kill one or two Strong of Lord Stage s who participated in the attack on Evil Dragon Graveyard.

"Yes, they have all entered the Chaos Realm, it is said that their people in the Chaos Realm have sent back news, and some things appeared in the Chaos Realm, so they have all rushed over." Qi Shi said.

"They have all gone to the Chaos Realm, isn’t this the best time for us to attack them?" Long Xueyi came out of the ring, and said in surprise.

"This is definitely not the best time. After they return, they must have prepared a good plan to defend you. If we attack their Holy Nations, the forces they left behind will be able to resist us for a period of time. Then, they can quickly return!" Jiang Sheng shook his head.

Huang Jintian said: To capture the thief, we should first capture the king, why not also enter the Chaos Realm, and kill all those great emperors inside one by one, then go back and take off their Holy Nations! Furthermore, an important treasure has appeared in the Chaos Realm, we must go and take a look. Even if we cannot obtain it, we cannot let them obtain it. "

Qi Shi and Jiang Sheng agreed with what Huang Jintian said.

Chen Xiang considered for a moment, then nodded: "Alright, we will enter Chaos Realm right now. I also want to go in and see what’s so miraculous about it."

"Then let’s go now!" Jiang Sheng took out his boat, and they entered inside. He controlled the boat to quickly fly away from You Ming Deep Abyss.

"Have you guys explored the profound Cold Ancient Realm during this period of time?" Chen Xiang asked: "There should be many secrets hidden inside."

"I’ve been there. I almost couldn’t come back that time!" Qi Shi immediately said with a trace of lingering fear on his face.

"What’s going on?" Long Xueyi had rarely seen Qi Shi this scared.

There are many powerful evil spirits sealed in an area inside. After I did not want to enter that area, I was surrounded by those evil spirits, and then I hid in the east for over a year before finding the exit.

When Qi Shi thought back to this moment, his heart still palpitated with fear.

"I suspect that those Evil Spirits were formed from the deities who died in there back then. They’re guarding that mysterious area, and I think there’s something inside! That area was also covered by an extremely powerful divine technique. After entering, one would be able to leave, but it was extremely difficult! "None of those Evil Spirits were able to leave that Divine Seal."

Huang Jintian asked: "Are those Evil Spirits the same as the ones in Night Devil Hell?"

"It’s not the same. The Night Devil Hell’s are very weak. However, those evil spirits in the profound Cold Ancient Realm can kill me in an instant. If it wasn’t for the fact that I’m lucky, I might not even have had the chance to go to hell. "

Chen Xiang asked: "Why are you going to the profound Cold Ancient Realm?"

"It’s all because someone dug out a lot of good stuff during that period of time. They’re all things that only the Gods Realm have, and I know that there are a lot of things inside that can make people stronger, so I went deeper in to take a look, who would have thought that it would be so deadly." Qi Shi sighed: "This has already been going on for thousands of years, I don’t dare go again. If you want to go, you better prepare well!"

Jiang Sheng controlled the boat, and quickly flew to the entrance of the Chaos Realm. Just as they were about to enter, a figure suddenly appeared in front of them, and blocked them.

Feng Yujie knew that this was Jiang Sheng’s boat, and that Chen Xiang was inside.

"Don’t go in!" Feng Yujie shouted.

"Why can’t I enter? The emperors of the Holy Nations have already entered to search for treasures, we cannot be left behind. " Jiang Sheng said.

"I just got the news that this Chaos Realm is about to close soon! Once it closes, this Chaos Realm will be completely destroyed. " Feng Yujie frowned.

"Is this true? "Xiangyue and Qianqian are still inside!" Chen Xiang immediately became anxious. For Feng Yujie to suddenly appear and stop them, it was definitely not because he had nothing to do.

"I’ve already found them inside. They are already on their way back!" Feng Yujie said: "Don’t worry, many people have already left. The Ten Great Holy Nations’s Emperor will be out soon, as long as you are inside, you can feel the unstable space."