Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

It did not take long for this news to spread to all the big cities in Di Tian. It was extremely shocking, and many small and medium-sized forces were secretly worried, they were worried that something like the ancient Ten Heavens Supreme Lord would happen, and when the time came, they would be the ones to suffer when Di Tian was destroyed again.

Actually, their worries were unnecessary. Currently, Di Tian and the other nine days had become very stable and could not be disintegrated so easily.

When Long Xueyi was inside the Hundreds of Flowers Palace, she brought the Dragon Blood Saint Dan s that Chen Xiang and the others refined during the competition over. She, Liu Meng’er and the other girls were in a cool cave, watching them refine pills.

Not long after, Little Lizhi hurried over.

"What’s going on? Chen Xiang went to the Great Sacred City alone and fought the Ten Great Holy Nations alone. I heard that the Sacred Ice Nation’s Ice Emperor had already been destroyed, and now, Chen Xiang is frantically attacking the dragon veins, attempting to destroy them." Little Lizhi was also surprised to see Long Xueyi here. She thought that Long Xueyi would be together with him.

Long Xueyi frowned, "Where’s Feng Yujie? She should be with Chen Xiang, is it only Chen Xiang who has appeared in the Great Sacred City?"

Little Lizhi nodded her head, "He’s alone, there’s nothing else. The latest news is that the Fire Emperor of the Fire Divine Nations is leading a group of experts there. The other emperors of the other nine Holy Nations s are unable to do anything to Chen Xiang."

When Liu Meng’er heard that Chen Xiang was fighting with a group of people, he became anxious immediately. "Let’s hurry up.

Leng Youlan had already brandished his large sword a few times, ready to fight at any time.

At this time, Lv Qilian and Lv Qinlian walked over, seeing that Liu Meng’er and the other girls were already sharpening their blades, they said: "It’s better if we don’t participate, Chen Xiang did not even call Qi Shi and Jiang Sheng over this time, and Huang Jintian who was usually mixed in with others also did not appear. It’s obvious that he wanted to make a big fuss himself, if we go, it would only get him in the way."

Lv Qinlian said: "We will only go to the side to spectate the battle. We definitely do not want to enter the battlefield, right now father, mother and the others are already rushing over."

... ....

On the other side, Huang Jintian, Qi Shi who had just parted ways with Chen Xiang not long ago, was already gathered together with Jiang Sheng.

"This little scoundrel, he actually doesn’t call us when he’s doing something like this. Does he think we’re getting in the way? He’s actually being treated as a burden. How hateful." Huang Jintian scolded.

This guy is really strong, he killed the Ice Emperor in one go, and we can’t do anything to the other nine cities, it’s just that I don’t understand why he kept on attacking the dragon veins, could it be that he is determined to destroy them? Qi Shi frowned: "This dragon vein is a good thing. Even though it has been temporarily snatched away, but in the future, we have enough strength to snatch it back."

Jiang Sheng said: "If we were to destroy the dragon’s vein, the Great Sage City above the dragon’s vein, and even the entire area of several kilometers would be destroyed, I really wouldn’t know what Chen Xiang is thinking."

The three of them were all on the same boat. As soon as Feng Yujie returned to his Divine Feather Holy Nations, he heard the news immediately. She had hurriedly brought Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou to the Great Sage City.

"Seems like he really wants to destroy the dragon fountain." Feng Yujie said.

Jiang Sheng knew that Feng Yujie was up there and anxiously opened a door, allowing Feng Yujie and the others to enter the small hall in the cabin.

"How can you be so sure?" Huang Jintian asked.

In these five thousand years, Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou had also frequently seen Huang Jintian and the others, and they were very familiar with them.

"Since the various shrines in the Gods Realm are coming down to take their territory, they must be aiming for the dragon vein first. When the time comes, with so many shrines watching, even if we join hands, it would not be easy to destroy the dragon vein, so Chen Xiang will make a move now." Feng Yujie said: "After I told him these things, he immediately went to the Great Sage City. I originally thought he would give up on the competition for the dragon’s vein."

Su Meiyao shook his head: "You don’t understand him, but if he knows, he will definitely go."

Bai Youyou sighed: "This is Chen Xiang, the more you think he should be afraid of something, the more afraid he will be. Even if all the great halls really came down, he would do everything in his power to prevent them from easily obtaining his dragon fountain."

When the experts learned that Chen Xiang had gone to the Great Sage City, they immediately rushed there. However, they did not approach the Great Sage City yet, as waves of energy were constantly surging from the inside of the city. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

The Sacred Ice Country was relatively close to the center of the Great Sacred City. Chen Xiang continuously struck the ground, causing huge ripples that pretty much destroyed the Great Sacred City that was built by the ten nations.

Bai Yaowei, Lv Zhen, Grandma Lv, Liu Fusheng and the others had already arrived, gathered with Lv Qilian’s group of women on top of Jiang Sheng’s boat, and were arguing with each other at the same time.

"Old Jiang, go a little closer. You can only sense from here through your aura." Qi Shi shouted, "I heard that Fire Emperor brought some other god over, but a great battle has not started yet."

Jiang Sheng controlled the boat to move forward quickly, but he suddenly saw a large group of people flying.

"Isn’t he a Nine Emperor? Why is he in such a sorry state?" Huang Jintian chuckled, flying off the deck and smashing his fist towards the Thunder Emperor.

"Huang Jintian, you are tired of living, I am not tired of living. I am too lazy to be bigger than you right now, and the dragon vein is about to be destroyed by your crazy disciple. Thunder Emperor dodged Huang Jintian’s punch, leaving behind these words, he continued to escape.

Jiang Sheng anxiously stopped and said: "Let’s not get any closer."

Lv Qilian turned his head to look at the group of people who had escaped earlier, and said: "Without Fire Emperor, could it be that Fire Emperor is fighting with Chen Xiang?

Long Xueyi said: "Fire Emperor and ten fellows are surrounding Chen Xiang, but they did not attack him, so I do not know what they are doing."

Lv Zhen looked at the sky and said: "Let’s go. Chen Xiang shouldn’t be able to destroy the dragon veins. That thing isn’t something that he can destroy right now."

"How so?" Feng Yujie frowned: "Then what is he doing?"

Lv Zhen laughed and said, "Won’t you know once we go there? You should be more clear than me about the power of that dragon’s vein. Until now, the Ten Great Holy Nations and the Fire Divine Nations still don’t have complete control over the dragon’s vein, and the dragon’s vein had already fused with Chen Xiang that year."

"The Gods Realm of the Gods Realm should have an outcome. Someone will come down to stop Chen Xiang soon."

Other than the few people who knew that the all divine palaces would descend, the others were extremely shocked. They never thought that the all divine palaces would actually appear in the Nine Heaven World.

After that, Feng Yujie told everyone about the situation of the Chaos Realm after it had been swallowed, allowing everyone to resolve the doubts in their hearts.

Feng Yujie did not tell anyone else her identity, so even Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou did not know. Only Chen Xiang knew the secret right now.

The Fire Emperor had brought 10 experts here, but Chen Xiang turned a blind eye to them. He continued to pull the Suzaku bow, and shot arrow after arrow at the ground.