Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

was just a little surprised to see Mei Emperor appear. He already knew from Feng Yujie that Mei Emperor had been with her since the beginning. At first, their relationship was very good, but later, they betrayed the Nine Divine Kings.

Until now, Chen Xiang still could not understand why Mei Emperor would betray her. Even Feng Yujie, was something she herself could not explain.

Chen Xiang continued to look at the commotion in front of him, only to see one of the Divine Kings wave his hand, signalling the Mei Emperor to retreat, the Mei Emperor was a little unwilling, so he snorted in a spoiled manner and walked out. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

At this time, all the Nine Divine Kings s opened their arms wide, as if they were arranging a barrier. Chen Xiang felt that they would have to discuss some very important matters in the future.

"Among the Younger Nine Girl s, one of them must have been controlled and should have died a long time ago. Her spirit body has already been devoured." A God King sitting in the seat of honor said, his face revealing a trace of sorrow.

"Who do you think it is?"

The other eight Celestial Kings all had rather grim looks on their faces. Clearly, they knew about this as well, but they had yet to confirm who had betrayed them.

Da Jiu and Xiao Jiu were Feng Yujie and Mei Emperor.

"It’s Xiao Jiu. Even if her performance just now was out of character for her, Elder Nine girl is very sensible and knows that we cannot enter this conference room. Xiao Jiu has been running here with us recently, obviously wanting to eavesdrop on our conversation." Another Godking said.

Feng Yujie was the Elder Nine girl. Chen Xiang had already found out why Mei Emperor betrayed him, and it turned out that Nine Divine Kings did not notice. The Mei Emperor was controlled by the enemy using powerful means.

"This is bad for our next plan." The leader of the Celestial Kings said, "It’s already pretty good that we’re able to reach this step. The rest is up to the nine heavens’ luck."

Another God King nodded and said, "It’s time for us to withdraw and end this boring dispute, allowing outstanding creatures to shine in this brand-new world."

A rather muscular Celestial King pointed to the jade box on the table and asked: "The Chicken Younger Nine Girl is not her anymore, so there is no need to give this Supreme god bone to her."

The other Godkings all nodded.

That Great Divine Lord said, "Elder Nine girl already possesses the Supreme Sacred Bone, I do not wish for her to protect this land in the future. I only hope that she can escape this calamity and live a good life.

Just as Great Divine Lord finished speaking, they suddenly stood up.

"It’s time for us to face them."

Then, they started to shake, their chairs suddenly shot out seven rays of light, one was the Seven Dragons Sword flying out, the other was the Divine King throwing out a book, Chen Xiang recognized that book, it was the Divine Book that recorded all the refining methods and arrays.

The Four Symbols Divine Weapons was created from this divine book.

The image at the back was extremely chaotic, Chen Xiang only saw the Nine Divine Kings leaving in a hurry, the jade box with the Supreme god bone on the table did not move.

"Could it be that this is the last time the Nine Divine Kings talked to them? After they finished talking, they went to the Nine Heaven Devil Palace. Then where is this place? Could this be the legendary Nine Heaven Devil Palace?"

Chen Xiang shivered, but when he thought about it carefully, he felt that that wasn’t the case. If it were the Nine Heaven Devil Palace, he would definitely be facing many dangers right now.

"What is a Supreme god bone? Feng Yujie also has this thing, it should be very strong." Chen Xiang walked over and pulled out all the nine dragon Sacred Swords.

Now, he already knew that the Nine Dragons Holy Sword’s true function was to record the contents of the Nine Divine Kings’s meeting here, but he could only see the last part of it.

"Let’s see what this Supreme god bone is." Chen Xiang opened the jade box. There were no bones inside, only a mass of silver white "mud" that looked soft and emitted a multicolored light.

"This is the Supreme god bone, what exactly is it? It should have been stored for many years." Chen Xiang did not sense any Qi.

He poked it with his finger, and suddenly felt a sharp pain in his finger, as if it had been pricked with needles.

Feeling the great pain, he immediately retracted his finger, only to find that the silver-white ball of mud was tightly sucking him in. At the same time, he could feel a large amount of blood flowing out of his finger at lightning speed.

This sudden occurrence caused him to be extremely shocked. Originally, he only thought that it was bone or something like that, but who would have thought that it would actually be so deadly? Especially the speed at which the blood was being sucked, it seemed to be able to completely suck him dry.

Just when he wanted to cut off his fingers, he suddenly felt something drilling into his fingers and entering his body.

At this moment, the pain in his fingers had already lessened. He could also feel something entering his body, entering his bones, fusing into his bones at an extremely fast speed. In just a moment, it had spread throughout his entire body.

"Just what is this thing?" Chen Xiang looked at his fingers, and all the silvery-white mud had already drilled into his body.

He didn’t take any more of his blood, and he didn’t feel any more pain. He was relieved, but then something terrifying happened.

A layer of silvery white appeared on the surface of one of his hands, as if it was covered in a thin layer of ice.

At first it was only the hand, but then it spread all over him, freezing him as if he were frozen.

Even so, Chen Xiang did not feel any discomfort. His entire body was wrapped in this silver white layer of ice, and he stood there in a daze.

Chen Xiang could clearly feel that the bones in his body seemed to be shattering bit by bit. However, there was no pain, and only after shattering, they started to reform again, repeating like this over and over again.

"Don’t tell me this is the benefit of the Supreme god bone. If I were to fuse with this, I would have that Supreme god bone. What exactly is this thing?" Chen Xiang really wanted to know what use the Supreme god bone had, but he knew that it was definitely something good.

The two sets of Supreme god bone were prepared by the Nine Divine Kings for Feng Yujie and the Mei Emperor. However, after the Mei Emperor was under the control of the enemy, one of them was left behind.

"This thing must be special, I have to ask Feng Yujie about it in the future." Chen Xiang was wrapped up by the strange silver white skin and could not move at all. Only his eyeballs could move.

What surprised him was that he actually saw a flash of red light. This red light was obviously from the lava.

After he had integrated with the Supreme god bone, the palace had actually lost its defensive capabilities and was crushed by the powerful lava.

"It’s over." Chen Xiang shouted in his heart. At this time, he could not use any strength at all, and he did not know why the God Power hidden in the Divine Sense Sea was sealed.

Just as he was worrying, a red light flashed in front of his eyes. The entire palace had collapsed due to the impact of the lava, and he was surrounded by fiery red lava.

He did not use the Fire Dragon Sword and the profoundwu diamond armour, and was at a place very deep in the earth’s core where he thought he was dead for sure.

Now that he was wrapped in some lava, he didn’t feel any heat. The thin layer of silvery white was so powerful that it could block out such a degree of heat.

And so, Chen Xiang continued in this state for a month.

A month later, he suddenly felt that his skin was a bit loose, and he could also move it now. With just a little bit of force, he was able to break through that layer of silvery-white skin.

"It’s scalded to death." Chen Xiang shouted in his heart, and then took out his Fire Dragon Sword, ordering the lava to retreat.

Chen Xiang was pleasantly surprised at this moment, because that one strike had let him know how terrifying his body was. After being scalded, he only felt a burning pain on his skin.

He immediately took out a set of clothes and put it on. After carefully examining his body, he discovered that all of his bones had turned silvery-white. They were no longer the purple-gold bones from before.

"What’s going on? Could it be that the Supreme god bone is stronger than Jade Bones?" Chen Xiang was certain that his own bones had undergone a huge change, and his flesh had become extremely powerful.

He thought for a moment and suddenly understood that the reason he was able to break open the silver shell that had been covering him for a month was not because the shell had lost its effect, but because his strength had increased.

"My physical body has already surpassed the Jade Bone rank. In that case, I will soon become a True God." Chen Xiang was extremely excited. As long as he could become a True God, he would be able to go to the Gods Realm.

Chen Xiang activated the Fire Dragon Sword, allowing it to release even more power, allowing more space to surround him. This way, it would be convenient for him to use the power of space to open up a spatial tunnel.

"First, go back and ask Feng Yujie and see how Father is doing right now. Then, decide whether or not you should go and find Father." Chen Xiang opened the spatial tunnel and left Earth’s Core, arriving outside the Divine Feather Holy Nations.

Chen Xiang, who had the Supreme god bone, felt a different kind of powerful force. Previously, the strong power he had came from the powers in the Divine Sense Sea, and it was supported by his soul, Divine Deity and divine power. However, he was prepared to condense a soul spark inside his soul so that he could combine all three of them together and become a True God.

After Chen Xiang entered the Divine Feather Imperial Palace, he found out that Feng Yujie was not there but had gone to the Divine Female Palace.

After inquiring about the people in charge of the Divine Feather Imperial Palace, Chen Xiang finally understood that in this past month, many shrines had descended from the Gods Realm. Many of the big shots in the great powers had all sided with these shrines.

Feng Yujie joined the Divine Female Palace.

"Feng Yujie should be a goddess of the Ninth Heaven, and she also possesses a Supreme god bone, she should be a god as well. If she were to also join the Divine Female Palace, Xianxian and Meng’er’s decision to join might be a good one, since they would be very safe inside, and the power of the Divine Female Palace should not be small in the Gods Realm."

Even the God of Fortune had decided to make a move on him. If Xue Xianxian and the others could join a good shrine, it would greatly reduce his worries. Chen Xiang had never thought that he would be able to get his hands on such a strong person.