Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The Nine Divine Kings hid a lot of things from Feng Yujie, if not Feng Yujie would not have said such words.

"Do you know where I went this month?"

"Could it be the Nine Heaven Devil Palace? Didn’t Long Jiu say that you went to the earth’s core?" Although Feng Yujie asked this, he didn’t believe it at all. If Chen Xiang really went to the Nine Heaven Devil Palace, even if he could return, he wouldn’t return so quickly.

Chen Xiang laughed: "I went to the earth’s core, and I found a palace there ... Inside, I saw a large round table made of jade and nine mighty jade chairs ... "

Hearing that, Feng Yujie trembled from head to toe, and shouted in shock: "It’s that place, I have been with Nine Divine Kings for many years, but I have only been there a dozen times. If it wasn’t for them telling me to go in, I wouldn’t dare to go in, because there was a time when Little Jiu Mei barged in and got scolded."

"Younger Nine Girl is probably Mei Emperor." Chen Xiang asked: "Guess what else I saw inside."

"You saw the Nine Divine Kings." Feng Yujie was not so surprised now, she seemed to have guessed something.

Chen Xiang nodded and then told her everything he had seen in the palace.

After listening, Feng Yujie sighed: "If something like this hadn’t happened to Little Jiu, her relationship with me would have been very good. I also know that she would have died a long time ago, and right now, that evil spirit is only wearing her body."

"This evil spirit must have been ordered by someone. Moreover, to be able to place this evil spirit in her body, it definitely isn’t an ordinary existence. Do you know who it is?" Chen Xiang asked: "Since I have obtained the Supreme god bone, then I have also received the Nine Divine Kings’s favor, thus this matter is now related to me."

Feng Yujie shook her head: "I don’t know, unless I can stay in Gods Realm for a period of time, I would have the possibility of finding out. When I was with Nine Divine Kings, I already knew that there were many objections and obstructions in the construction of Nine Heaven World, which was why Little Jiu was attacked."

I was scolded by them, and they rarely scold me in such a strict manner. It’s clear that they were worried that I would know about the existence of those people, and he only told me that I should stay alive and well, and not care about all that, let nature take its course. "

Chen Xiang patted Feng Yujie’s shoulders and sighed: "When they’re talking, they want to live happily as well. They can also be considered your father, and even though they say that, I can understand your feelings, so you definitely don’t want to live like this."

Feng Yujie raised his head and looked at Chen Xiang. After looking at Chen Xiang for a moment, he smiled: "That’s right, I must avenge Little Jiu."

Chen Xiang laughed: "It seems like the relationship between you two sisters is very deep. Otherwise, with your strength, you would have already taken care of that Mei Emperor."

"I can’t do it." A flash of grief passed through Feng Yujie’s eyes.

"Then let me do it, you and Nine Divine Kings probably don’t want that evil spirit to destroy your little sister’s body." Chen Xiang said with a sincere face: "I can go and take care of her now."

Feng Yujie let out a long sigh, and didn’t speak for a long time, as if he was considering something.

"Well, you took her. Don’t tell me so soon after you kill me. " Feng Yujie thought for a moment and made his decision.

"But she has already gone to the Gods Realm. If you want to kill her, you have to go to the Gods Realm first." Feng Yujie added.

had already made his preparations to go to Gods Realm, but before he left, he had to see some old friends of his.

"I will leave soon. When are you going to Gods Realm?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I need a period of time to make sure that the Divine Female Palace here is functioning properly. As for Xianxian and the others ... You don’t have to worry, I promise that when I go to the Gods, I will bring them along and give them the power to pass the Path of God. "

Feng Yujie was a Pill Saint, so he could be at ease.

"If possible, you’d better contact Lv Qilian. She concocted quite a few spirit liquids by herself, and is much more powerful than me, so maybe she can help you copy more Holy level ingredients. You can also help her refine some Holy Elixirs." Chen Xiang said.

Feng Yujie laughed heartily, "What relationship do you have with Lv Qilian? She seems to be cold to you, but from the looks of it, you have a very good relationship with her."

"She’s my woman." Chen Xiang curled his lips: "Don’t you dare spout nonsense. This is a secret between her and me."

Feng Yujie punched Chen Xiang on the chest: "Good heavens, you are truly loose. Do you and Meiyao faintly know about this? I never thought that such a cold and proud woman like Lv Qilian would be taken care of by you."

"I’m going to see Xianxian, Elder Sister Meng’er and the others. After that, I’m going to take a walk in Devil-killing Divine Palace and prepare to go to Gods Realm." Chen Xiang said.

Inside the gigantic cave beneath the You Ming Deep Abyss, there were some houses that Huang Jintian and the others had built before.

Feng Yujie looked around and also felt that this was a good place.

"Okay, wait for me here."

Just as Feng Yujie was about to leave, Chen Xiang suddenly called out to her. Find the Warm Moon alone first, and don’t tell her that I’m looking for her, and don’t let Meng’er and Xianxian know either. "

"Why?" She knew that Dongfang Xinyue was Chen Xiang’s female slave, but was still a female. Just by thinking about it, she knew why Chen Xiang wanted to do this.

"Scoundrel." Feng Yujie snorted, then floated away.

Chen Xiang had a lot of trust in Feng Yujie. Although she was not told what he wanted, she still followed him.

Arriving at the bottom of the You Ming Deep Abyss and seeing that Chen Xiang was there, Dongfang Xinyue walked over. Frowning, he asked: "Sneaking around, if you want to find me, just say it. If you have anything to say, quickly say it, I still need to go back and help you refine that divine ship."

Chen Xiang suddenly hugged Dongfang Xinyue by his waist, and chuckled: "little maid, of course I want you to serve me."

Dongfang Xinyue struggled for a few moments, then looked at Feng Yujie. She did not expect Feng Yujie to actually do such a thing for Chen Xiang.

Feng Yujie stuck out his tongue, turned and left.

"Are you leaving?" Dongfang Xinyue walked into a room with Chen Xiang holding her head close to Chen Xiang’s chest. Her jade hand had already reached into Chen Xiang’s clothes, and gently caressed Chen Xiang’s chest. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"Yes, before I leave, I must properly serve our master slave." Chen Xiang gently placed Dongfang Xinyue on a clean and soft bed.

"Humph, you have to use all means possible before leaving." Dongfang Xinyue scoffed, and took off the clothes on her body, revealing her beautiful and flawless upper body that was as plump as jade.

Chen Xiang’s eyes shone with a brilliant light, greedily and happily admiring the beauty in front of him. At the same time, he fondled her lovingly, unable to let go of her hand, causing Dongfang Xinyue to laugh softly as he shrunk his body from time to time.

Dongfang Xinyue was not willing to lose out, he also took off Chen Xiang’s clothes, and used all of his strength to pinch Chen Xiang’s sturdy body. Afterwards, the two unreservedly embraced each other, and passionately kissed and caressed. Following a painful cry that was intermixed with various complex emotions, the two of them finally became one ...