Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had not refined a Medial Grade Holy Pellet yet. After all these years, he could only refine a Medial Grade Holy Pellet, so the process would definitely not be easy.

In the Gods Realm, there were many types of low grade Holy Pellets. He felt that it wouldn’t be too late to refine all the low grade Holy Pellets.

In order to earn a lot of money by refining pills here, Chen Xiang had to first find a place to stay in the city, then condense spirit liquid, duplicate a large amount of medicinal herbs, and then start refining pills.

If he did not have the Tracing mantra, he would have definitely opened a cave in the forest deep in the mountains, and hid inside the cave to refine pills. That would have saved him a lot of money.

Now, in order to be safe, he could only choose to stay in the Divine City, this way he could peacefully concoct pills without worry. However, in the Divine City, finding a place to stay required a lot of money.

According to what he heard, the Divine City did not sell any residences, they were just renting. The better areas were expensive, the cheaper places were cheap, but the environment was not good, which was also a method for Divine City to amass wealth.

He could buy a house, but the price was too high for an ordinary person to bear.

If he only stayed in the Divine City for a short period of time, he would normally choose to stay at inns or hotels, but Chen Xiang planned to stay for a long time, so he could only find a place to stay. The cost of going to the inns and hotels was too high, and these places were not suitable for refining pills.

"I don’t have much money left on me, so I can only temporarily sleep on the streets." Chen Xiang looked at the sky. It was almost dark, and he had just asked around, it was a normal small house, the monthly rent was 2000 gold coins.

Most people only earned two to three thousand dollars per month, so the rent was considered relatively high. Generally, only a few people would rent it together.

"If only I had known earlier, I would have asked the Elder Sister Meng’er and the others to give me some of the Top stone. I can sell them here for a lot of money, which is enough for me to last past the beginning."

Chen Xiang was walking on the street, looking for a good place to spend the night.

Just as Chen Xiang was about to sleep on the streets, he suddenly saw a familiar face in front of him.

"Tai Qiang." Chen Xiang hurriedly transmitted to the middle aged man in front.

When Chen Xiang was in the Divine Prison, although some unpleasant things had happened between him and Tai Qiang, in the end, they still reached an agreement. Moreover, it was only because Tai Qiang had helped that Tai Qiang was able to leave the Divine Prison.

Tai Qiang heard the familiar voice in his mind, and was pleasantly surprised, he never thought that he would meet Chen Xiang again.

"Chen Xiang, it’s really you." Tai Qiang still couldn’t believe it, he thought that Chen Xiang was in deep trouble, after all, not just anyone could avoid Hell Devil Emperor and the other gods from capturing Chen Xiang.

"Manager Tai, I didn’t expect that we would meet so soon." He had now changed his appearance, but according to his sound transmission, Tai Qiang knew where he was.

"It wasn’t very fast either. It’s been five thousand years." Tai Qiang sighed, he had already arrived by Chen Xiang’s side.

Tai Qiang was a Upper True God, and compared to the majority of the people here, his power was not bad.

"I just came to the Gods Realm, when I came, I was chased by a large group of experts, fortunately, I managed to escape quickly." Chen Xiang sighed, he followed behind Tai Qiang.

Tai Qiang said: "No wonder I heard that there were many experts gathered at Divine City’s side. So they were there to deal with you."

"Old Tai, do you have a place here? I just came here, so in order to teleport to this Divine City, I used up my last bit of divine money. Can I stay there for a while?"

Chen Xiang was Tai Qiang’s benefactor, so Tai Qiang was very willing, and said straightforwardly: "No problem, my place is considered quite big."

Chen Xiang and Tai Qiang chatted along the way. After learning that Tai Qiang had come out of Divine Prison, he came to Devil-killing Divine City, and because Devil-killing Divine City was mainly dealing with Hell Divine Palace, and Tai Qiang seemed to have grudges with Hell Divine Palace, he found a job in Devil-killing Divine City.

Tai Qiang was the strongest under the profound God, so he was currently working in the Devil-killing Divine Palace and was mainly responsible for killing the Evil Demon. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

As long as someone provided information and confirmed where the strong Evil Demon was, the Devil-killing Divine Palace would send someone to kill them. Tai Qiang was now the leader of a small team and he could get tens of thousands of God’s money every month.

Therefore, Tai Qiang’s residence was not bad. In a villa with a mountain and water, a beautiful scenery, and a house that was built halfway up the mountain.

"Old Tai, it’s a good life for you." Chen Xiang sat on a comfortable chair, drank a mouthful of the good wine Tai Qiang took out, and praised: "This mansion should be very expensive right?"

I am renting it right now, because everything here belongs to the Devil-killing Divine Palace, and I am a citizen of the Devil-killing Divine Palace, so it was very cheap when I rented it, it costs 2000 God’s Coins per month. "

"People like me live in this villa. As long as it’s not a holiday, once you receive the notice, you will have to leave immediately. Sometimes, it’s also dangerous, and a few days ago, those guys from the mountain beside me went to see the Hell Devil Emperor." Tai Qiang sighed: "This is also a day when one licks blood on a blade, earning money is not easy."

Chen Xiang laughed: "It’s easier to earn than in Divine Prison."

"Of course, back then in the Divine Prison, it was hard to earn even a single fortune." Thinking back to how he had wasted so many years in Divine Prison, Tai Qiang sighed.

"Brother Shen, why don’t you join the Devil-killing Divine Palace as well. Right now, you have the biggest conflict with the Hell Devil Emperor, and the God of Fortune and the God of Flame are just joining in for the fun of it. Once you join the Devil-killing Divine Palace, the God of Fortune and the Fire God will definitely stop, and as for the Hell Devil Emperor, there’s no need to worry.

Chen Xiang had also considered this matter before, but he was worried that after joining the Devil-killing Divine Palace, his freedom would be restricted, and he didn’t want to be restricted too much.

saw through Chen Xiang’s worries and immediately said: "Actually you don’t have to worry, Devil-killing Divine Palace is different from the other shrines, they won’t tie you up to death. As long as you don’t want to stay in Devil-killing Divine Palace anymore, you can leave anytime you want, but most of the people who enter the Devil-killing Divine Palace will choose to stay behind.

"Of course, if it was you, it would be easy for me to think of it. Devil-killing Heavenly God might even come out to talk with you personally."

If it was really just as Tai Qiang had said, then he wouldn’t be restricted too much and could leave at any time. Then, entering the Devil-killing Divine Palace right now was indeed a good choice, and also, he had another goal, and that was to see if the Devil-killing Heavenly God could help him get rid of the Tracing mantra that annoyed him.

The Devil-killing Divine Palace had always given Chen Xiang a good impression, because Lv Zhen was the one who came out of Devil-killing Summit, and his master Huang Jintian was also from Devil-killing Summit. Even Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou had some connections with him, so this Devil-killing Divine Palace gave him a sense of familiarity.

"Alright." Chen Xiang nodded his head: "When you have time, bring me to the Devil-killing Divine Palace, I hope that the matter of me joining the Devil-killing Divine Palace is temporarily kept a secret."

Chen Xiang wanted to join the Devil-killing Divine Palace. Tai Qiang was very happy and laughed: "Now, I will bring you to directly find the head disciple of the Devil-killing Heavenly God. That guy is also my current master."

Even though it was already dark, Tai Qiang was fine with what he said, and still brought Chen Xiang to the giant tower in the middle of Divine City.

In the darkness of the night, this three thousand meter tall giant tower released a silver light, enveloping the entire center of the Divine City in this kind of divine silver light. This was the Devil-killing Divine Palace, a grand and sacred building, and there were even gods in it.

Chen Xiang had already informed his master, who was also the head disciple of Devil-killing Heavenly God. His name was Ren Tianyong, and he was a Super profound God, at the same time he had the qualification to become a Martial Immortal, and was one of the top ten War Gods in Devil-killing Divine Palace. He was very famous in the circle of Martial Immortals in Gods Realm.

This kind of strong War God gave Chen Xiang a feeling that he was full of killing intent and that he was a big man. However, when Chen Xiang saw Ren Tianyong, he was caught off guard.

Ren Tianyong looked very refined, wearing an old robe, holding a fan in his hand, which had a few words written on it. On the fan, it seemed to be written by a lady, although he looked delicate, he was not weak, because he was very tall, although his body was not very tall, but he was not very thin either, very even.

When Ren Tianyong saw Chen Xiang, he smiled faintly, but it did not give off a feeling of superiority.

"It’s a wise decision for you to come here. Little Tai told me about your worries. I can guarantee that the things you’re worried about will never happen." Ren Tianyong went straight to the point and got straight to the point.

"Since I have joined the Devil-killing Divine Palace, I will follow the rules of the Devil-killing Divine Palace." Chen Xiang nodded, and smiled: "However, I do not wish for Hell Devil Emperor to know that I have joined the Devil-killing Divine Palace at the moment."

Ren Tianyong chuckled, "You have the Tracing mantra and you are also here. Even if you didn’t tell him, he would have guessed it already, and we will also help you solve your final wish later on. As long as Hell Devil Emperor isn’t a fool, he will be able to think of your choice."

Chen Xiang was ecstatic, this Devil-killing Divine Palace could actually help him unravel the damned Tracing mantra.

"Then what do I have to do now, can be considered as me officially joining the Devil-killing Divine Palace." Chen Xiang had decided to join them temporarily.

"If it’s anyone else, we will follow the procedure that the Devil-killing Divine Palace has followed. As for you ... With the exception of us, let the Main Heavenly God come directly. "

Tai Qiang was shocked: "Since Main Heavenly God is here personally, this means that he wants to accept a disciple."

Ren Tianyong laughed: "That’s not true, I heard that it’s an exception ... Main Heavenly God knows that Chen Xiang doesn’t want to become his disciple anymore, so he didn’t have that thought. He did it to stop the God of Fortune, Fire God and the other God from staring at Chen Xiang. "