Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang followed Ren Tianyong to the top of the Devil-killing Divine Palace. He did not know how many floors there were, but this place was not the top, but it was a huge and empty circular plaza.

"You just need to sit in the middle. Next up, my master will help you complete the ceremony to enter the palace, and also help you remove the Tracing mantra."

After Ren Tianyong finished speaking, he left through a stone door.

Chen Xiang sat down in the middle of the hall and relaxed his mind. Not long later, the Spirit grain s in all directions started to light up.

"Relax, don’t resist, otherwise you will suffer." An aged voice came from inside Chen Xiang’s mind. This was the voice of the Devil-killing Heavenly God.

"Understood." Chen Xiang immediately relaxed his body. Not long later, he felt a mark appearing on his Divine Deity.

"Yi, your physical body is very strange, very powerful. With your current cultivation, you shouldn’t have such a powerful physical body."

Devil-killing Heavenly God’s voice sounded in Chen Xiang’s mind.

"Main Heavenly God, this is my secret, I hope that you help me keep it a secret and not leak it out." Chen Xiang said.

Devil-killing Heavenly God was very easy to talk to and immediately agreed.

"Relax, I won’t say anything. I’m just curious, the reason your body is like this is because of the Supreme god bone. Only the Nine Divine Kings can create something like this, but it’s said that only the Nine Heavens Goddess has a Supreme god bone." The Devil-killing Heavenly God said, "Back then, there was another reason why the Hell Devil Emperor destroyed Di Tian: he wanted to capture the Nine Heavens Goddess and seize the Supreme god bone. Now, it’s actually with you."

Chen Xiang remembered that Feng Yujie had said it before, that she was the only one who knew about this Supreme god bone.

"I got this unexpectedly, not the Nine Heavens Goddess." Chen Xiang asked: "Other than strengthening the body, does the Supreme god bone have any other uses?"

"You must have this to become the God King, and your Supreme god bone is not the strongest type, you still need to grow, but this can help you avoid working so hard to cultivate this Supreme god bone in the future." Devil-killing Heavenly God sighed: "This is something that we gods have always wanted to cultivate."

"Main Heavenly God, do you know why Nine Divine Kings disappeared so mysteriously all those years ago?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I am not too sure. At that time, although I was already a god, I did not know much about it. The Nine Divine Kings was also my most respected expert, unless you can find another God King, they would probably know a lot about what happened back then." Main Heavenly God said: "For all these years, I have been focused on dealing with Hell Devil Emperor. Once Hell Devil Emperor’s scheme succeeds, a great disaster will befall Gods Realm. It is true that god like us will not be a big deal, but other people will not know."

Following that, Devil-killing Heavenly God told Chen Xiang to continue relaxing his body and help him get rid of the Tracing mantra. It took him a full ten days, showing just how stubborn the Tracing mantra was.

"Even though you don’t have the Tracing mantra on you, you still have to be careful, because the Hell Devil Emperor or other gods might still be able to get something like that from you." Devil-killing Heavenly God said, "This Tracing mantra is still the weaker kind. If it was made by a god who specializes in cursing divine arts, even I would have a hard time deciphering it."

"Is there any way to guard against it?" Chen Xiang could not help but be worried.

"Unless you possess the strength of a profound God, it will be hard to guard against you. What I told you to be careful of, is that once you discover that you are down on the Tracing mantra, you need to pay attention to one thing." Devil-killing Heavenly God said: "Since Hell Devil Emperor has spent so much effort on you, I feel that he won’t let this go easily."

Although there was still the possibility of being trapped in the Tracing mantra, Chen Xiang was still relatively happy. As long as he had a bit of time, and could become profound God, he wouldn’t have to worry about him anymore.

"Will I bring you guys trouble if I join the Devil-killing Divine Palace?" Chen Xiang was also a little worried about this.

Devil-killing Heavenly God laughed a few times: "I am actually worried that you will join Devil-killing Divine Palace. In the future, you will encounter even more troubles, and the thing that our Devil-killing Divine Palace is least afraid of is trouble. We have been fighting against Hell Devil Emperor for so many years, so there is no need to be afraid of him."

Chen Xiang did not see Devil-killing Heavenly God, but being able to communicate with him was considered good, because Devil-killing Heavenly God was currently training, so he could only share a part of his consciousness.

Walking out of the building, Ren Tianyong immediately welcomed him with a smile and gave him a jade token and a Storage bag.

"From now on, we are on the same side. If you need anything, just say so." Ren Tianyong patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder.

Just as Ren Tianyong wanted to say something, he frowned and anxiously took out a jade tablet. Someone was sending a message to him. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"A powerful demon god has appeared. I’ll go deal with him first. We’ll talk another day." After Ren Tianyong finished speaking, he quickly left.

In the past few days, Tai Qiang had been here all along and he had been waiting for Chen Xiang to come out. When he saw Chen Xiang, he chuckled and said, "Brother Shen, your freedom is much higher than ours, so what plans do you have for us? If you have nothing else to do, you should just join my team."

Chen Xiang thought for a while, "No problem."

Chen Xiang followed Tai Qiang to an old man in the divine hall to register and join Tai Qiang’s team. The old man in charge of registration had obviously found out that Chen Xiang was a new member of the Devil-killing Divine Palace.

"This little brother, even if you join Tai Qiang’s party, you’ll still be paid a thousand divine coins every month. Because you’re more free, you don’t have any objections right?" The old man asked with a smile.

"Nope." Chen Xiang did not rely on working here to earn money, it was too slow for him. He was only temporarily together with Tai Qiang, and also wanted to get to know Gods Realm.

Chen Xiang not only only only only had a thousand dollars per month, he also didn’t have a place to stay.

"Old Tai, how many people are in your team?" Chen Xiang asked: "If I join your team, would I drag you down?"

Now that he had a place to settle down, Chen Xiang was not in a hurry to refine pills to earn some money. Furthermore, the Tracing mantra had already been removed, he planned to relax for a while and then draw up a map to look for the Four Symbols Divine Weapons.

"Including you, we already have three people." Tai Qiang laughed: "Previously, we only had two."

Chen Xiang thought that Tai Qiang’s group had eight members, he didn’t think that it would only be two people.

"Don’t underestimate my team. Although there were only two of us previously, our results were still pretty good. Our completion rate is very high, and we are ranked in the top fifty of the entire Devil-killing Divine Palace." Tai Qiang said proudly.