Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

The Ninth Junior Sister was just about to take action, but she suddenly sensed that there were strange spatial changes around Chen Xiang. Chen Xiang had released a Space Domain, and just as the liquid the demon spouted was about to touch Chen Xiang, it actually penetrated Chen Xiang’s body.

Chen Xiang shrunk the Space Domain down to a very small size and wrapped it around his body.

"Spatial energy, your control over space is so strong, how did you do it?" The Ninth Junior Martial Sister was very curious, but she didn’t have the time to ask because in one of the spacial rifts, a hundred-foot-tall blood-red giant had appeared.

It was actually a humanoid monster, and it also had a pair of intelligent eyes. This humanoid monster had a large crystal crystal on its forehead.

The Ninth Martial Sister immediately flew over, and the Second Senior Martial Brother followed her.

Chen Xiang held a crystal in his hand and a small-scaled Taiji array appeared in his palm. Under the Array, there were even silver-white flames.

"Refine." With a move of Chen Xiang’s thought, the white flames accompanied the rotating Taiji array as they danced and danced. The silver fog spread out in all directions, looking very beautiful.

Under the dual smelting of Chuangzao fire and Tai Chi, the crystal in his palm that was wrapped in a layer of shell turned into black mist and dissipated. The pure God Power in it was actually a substantial liquid.

"Ning." Soon, the ball of liquid shrunk into a peanut sized pellet.

"As expected of a profound God level monster, the divine power inside the crystal is so strong." Chen Xiang was very excited, the quality of the divine power Yuan Dan condensed was very good.

He placed the recently refined pill into his mouth, and then walked towards the crack in the ground. At the same time, he released his Heaven tour method, sending out strands of his soul to search for the condensed crystal that had fallen.

"The biggest use of Heavenly Alchemy is to turn waste into treasure. Hehe, no matter how bad it is, in my hands, I can still refine it into a pill."

Chen Xiang, who had released the Space Domain, seemed to have turned transparent as he directly penetrated through the group of demons, causing them to be unable to attack him.

"What a dense flame energy. It should be pretty good to refine the Destruction-God Fire Pill." Chen Xiang looked at the house-sized demon beast beside him. It looked like a five headed toad, with fiery red holes emerging from its body, spurting out large amounts of red liquid, but they were all useless to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang opened up his arms, and his legs sank into the ground. The Chuangzao fire s flowed from his feet into the ground, flowing below the flame demons, forming a circle, transforming into a Taiji array.

"It’s not a crystal monster, it should be easy to refine." Chen Xiang increased the intensity of the fire, and many ancient characters and Spirit grain appeared.

"Infinite refining."

Chen Xiang’s innate ability is to release this kind of Chuangzao fire. This kind of flame can be created, and it can also decompose everything. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Once the Infinite refining was activated, silver flames spewed out from the Taiji array.

In just a few seconds, the flame demon disappeared and turned into a ball of fiery red liquid, solidifying on top of the Taiji array.

Chen Xiang shrunk the Taiji array and added another Space Domain to the Taiji array. This way he could ignore all the surrounding monsters’ attacks.

"Ning." Chen Xiang shouted in his heart, and that originally very large fiery red liquid quickly condensed into a small pellet.

After undergoing such compression, the fire energy within his body had become even more powerful and explosive. Once it exploded, the power would be extremely terrifying.

Chen Xiang looked at the Divine Flame Pill in his hand and nodded in satisfaction.

"There are many monsters here that possess very pure Ice Cold Divine Power. It would be best for them to be used to refine Ice seal Dan s for destruction." Chen Xiang had a new goal.

In the middle of the monster horde, he picked up the magic crystals while searching for good alchemy materials to use to make the destructive pills that could be used for attacks.

"Over six hundred crystals, that’s enough." Chen Xiang also picked up a lot of things, and now, the Devil-killing Divine Palace’s War Gods were all dealing with the humanoid monster.

"So powerful." Chen Xiang saw that when the Demon Slaying Palm hit the humanoid monster, only half of its body remained, but it had already grown out in an instant.

At this moment, more and more blood-red humanoid demons appeared, and almost all of them walked out from the cracks.

Even if a few wargods joined hands, it would still be difficult to deal with these humanoid monsters, let alone others.

"Back to the city." More than ten rays of golden light shot out from those spatial cracks. It was Ren Tianyong’s team.

Hearing the two words "return to the city", the other War Gods all left the battle and retreated behind Ren Tianyong.

"Are we leaving just like that? These monsters must have reached the bottom of the wall." The fifth brother said, "When the time comes, our points will also be deducted."

"If we can’t deal with them, we’ll have to rely on senior and the others." Ren Tianyong sighed.

Xiao Chou and Tai Qiang had also returned, and together with Chen Xiang, the rest of the people followed behind the Ten Great War Gods. When they heard that the old senior was going to come out, they couldn’t help but be shocked.

"Is it the old senior brother and the others?" That Ninth Junior Sister asked.

"That’s right, maybe even old senior brother will come out. I don’t know yet, I’ll go back and tell Master about the situation first." Ren Tianyong’s words caused everyone to be shocked.

The Old Senior Brother was one of the Devil-killing Heavenly God’s first batch of disciples.

The second batch of ten disciples were also ten Divine Masters, whom Ren Tianyong and the others addressed as Old Senior. They rarely appeared, but they had seen Ren Tianyong before.

If someone of that level were to make a move, it would mean that the matter was extremely serious.

"Oh right, boss, a little kid came to our Devil-killing Divine Palace today. Are you in charge of receiving him? Every day, Devil-killing Divine Palace only joined a few disciples. If there were new disciples, they would immediately receive the news and be responsible for imparting the Devil-killing magic kungfu to the new disciples.

"That’s right, I’m in charge of receiving them. He came as well." Chen Xiang’s identity was different, so he did not inform anyone else, and there was an urgent matter at that time.

"He didn’t even learn Devil-killing magic kungfu, I let him go back." Second senior brother said.

At this time, the other War Gods also mentioned Chen Xiang, saying that Chen Xiang did not return and was leisurely picking up stones on the battlefield.

"That little brat is very powerful, his control over space is very strong, the attacks of those crystal demons are useless against him, hitting him is like hitting the air, directly piercing through, but he is completely fine." The Ninth Junior Sister said, "This little rascal should be following us from behind."

Ren Tianyong laughed a few times, and said in a low voice: "This little demon is not an ordinary little demon, Master is personally responsible for leading the way."

"What? Isn’t Master in closed-door training? He actually came out to do this for the sake of this brat?" That Ninth Junior Martial Sister said in surprise.

When we get back, we’ll let him see who he plans on learning Devil-killing magic kungfu from. He’s a good seedling, and I hope that he can choose to learn from me. But if he chooses you guys, then don’t be happy, because he won’t be your disciple, and he already has a master.

Ren Tianyong’s words made his junior brothers and sisters even more curious about Chen Xiang’s identity.