Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang looked at the demons behind him, and realised that those strange-looking demons were actually being grabbed by the tall, red humanoid monsters, and were biting them bit by bit.

After eating the monsters, the humanoid monster was absorbing the energy of the other monsters and was becoming stronger.

Although there weren’t many changes to his body, the evil aura became stronger and stronger.

As Chen Xiang pondered, he followed the rest and ran back to the Divine City, thinking about the Hell Devil Emperor.

According to the conversations of the War Gods, the reason these demons appeared here was all because of the Hell Devil Emperor. However, this Gods Realm was not an ordinary space, it would be very difficult to get the demons from other worlds to come here if one wanted to create so many cracks in this place.

"Could it be that the Hell Devil Emperor has a powerful Divine King supporting him from behind?" Chen Xiang could only explain that the Divine King had already disappeared from the Gods Realm for a long time and had been hiding there, plotting something.

Although the humanoid monsters behind them were strong, Ren Tianyong and the others didn’t seem to be too nervous at all, so they weren’t too worried. After all, there was still the Devil-killing Heavenly God inside, as well as the first and second batch of mysterious and powerful disciples. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

After Chen Xiang and the rest rushed into the city, the city gates immediately closed up.

"Boss, do we still need to deduct points? How much are we deducting?" The fifth brother asked. At this moment, many people were very concerned about this matter.

"There’s no need to deduct points. You’ve already done your best. I never thought that those demons would be so powerful. That’s no longer within our capabilities. It’s none of your business." Ren Tianyong laughed, "Next up, we just need to wait inside the city for a while, after Senior Brother and the rest are done cleaning up, we will be able to recover our calm."

After everyone heard this, they happily split up and left in a group.

"Those demons are really powerful, especially those monsters with crystals on their foreheads. It took me, Old Tai, and I a lot of effort to kill a small one." Xiao Chou sighed: "Looks like our strength still needs to be improved."

"Chen Xiang, you can go to the tenth floor of the Devil-killing Divine Palace. Ren Tianyong whispered to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang and Xiao Chou greeted each other and quickly walked towards the Devil-killing Divine Palace, entering the tenth floor.

There were five people on the tenth floor. One of them was Ren Tianyong, and the other four were the masked Second Senior Brother, Fifth Brother, Ninth Junior Sister, and the youngest of the ten great wargods,.

"You have just joined the Devil-killing Divine Palace, you need to learn the Devil-killing magic kungfu, you can choose one of us." smiled slightly, he had not revealed Chen Xiang’s identity to his other disciples yet.

Chen Xiang nodded, this was the Devil-killing Divine Palace’s rule. Previously, Tai Qiang and Xiao Chou had both told him that Tai Qiang was the one who guided them, while Xiao Chou was the fatty, Ol ’Five.

"Then how should I choose?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I’m better at fire." Second senior brother said, "However, I can only instruct you once every month for two hours, because I don’t have much time."

"I specialize in the usage of special, berserk divine power." The fatty said.

"I’m skilled in lightning." That simple and honest Tenth Bro grinned.

"Ninth Martial Uncle specializes in Icy cold power. I’ve seen it before." Chen Xiang laughed.

The Ninth Martial Sister nodded.

Ren Tianyong asked: "I am proficient in sword arts, and most of the Devil-killing magic kungfu I use are related to sword arts."

"There are still five of the top ten wargods" Chen Xiang asked again, he really did not know who to choose at the moment.

"Yes, but they are not responsible for coaching now." Ren Tianyong nodded his head, "You should be more proficient in fire, but Second Brother has other things to do during this period of time, so I suggest that you choose Second Brother."

Just as Chen Xiang was about to make a decision, an aged voice sounded. "I’ll be his guide, you guys are unable to unearth his potential."

The one who spoke was Devil-killing Heavenly God, which made Second Senior Brother and the rest quite shocked, but Ren Tianyong did not find it strange.

"Master... Aren’t you in closed-door training? Will this affect you? " That Ninth Junior Sister asked.

"No worries, I will personally teach him the Devil-killing magic kungfu. In the past few million years, I have created a lot of Devil-killing magic kungfu s, but many of them were created due to various reasons that no one has learned, especially one of them. Even though I was able to create one, but even I am unable to fully display its true power." The Devil-killing Heavenly God said.

"Chen Xiang, 30th floor."

"Yes, Main Heavenly God." Chen Xiang hurried up the stairs.

That Second Senior Brother and the rest, looking at Chen Xiang’s back figure, were all shocked speechless.

"Boss, this little demon is that little demon that caused Hell Devil Emperor to go crazy." The fat fifth brother exclaimed, "I didn’t think that we would reach the Gods Realm so quickly, moreover, it’s inside our own Devil-killing Divine Palace."

"So you’re saying, the reason the demons are attacking us is because the Hell Devil Emperor is dissatisfied with us?" Ninth Junior Sister frowned: "Did the Heavenly Alchemy in his body really make Hell Devil Emperor give it his all?"

Ren Tianyong laughed and said, "Actually, Hell Devil Emperor felt that it was impossible to accept this. He gave up so much, but in the end, he could not do anything to Chen Xiang. He and Chen Xiang are already dead together, and now we just need to see if Master can make the God of Fortune and the Fire God let go, and stop bothering Chen Xiang."

... ....

Chen Xiang arrived at the thirtieth floor but he still did not see Devil-killing Heavenly God this time. Devil-killing Heavenly God was in closed door cultivation and had only sent out a wisp of his consciousness to pass on his cultivation technique.

"Main Heavenly God, since even you are unable to unleash the might of the Devil-killing magic kungfu, why are you so confident that I can control it and unleash its true power?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Because you have the Heavenly Alchemy, so you can wield it by yourself. Furthermore, you have comprehended many miraculous methods from it, so I believe that you will be able to combine my Devil-killing magic kungfu with the Heavenly Alchemy at that time." The Devil-killing Heavenly God said.

Chen Xiang suspected that the Devil-killing Heavenly God must have a certain level of understanding towards the Heavenly Alchemy, if not he would not know that the Devil-killing magic kungfu and the Devil-killing magic kungfu could be fused.

"Seven devil-slain kungfu, the name sounds simple, but it is extremely profound. Every move has its own changes and I will now transmit this Seven devil-slain kungfu to your mind."

Chen Xiang nodded his head. After he finished preparing, a few mental cultivation methods and chants appeared in his mind, he seemed to be able to understand them, but after carefully studying them, he felt that they were becoming more profound, and in the end, became difficult to understand. Chen Xiang felt that it was extremely strange.

"Every move has seven forms, but these seven forms shouldn’t be fixed, right? The words inside the cultivation technique are very vague." Chen Xiang was extremely confident in his comprehension abilities, but he didn’t expect that he wouldn’t be able to understand anything right now.

That’s right, the first style is a transformation that comes along with the body, the second is a transformation that comes along with the power, and that’s the God Power. The third style is a transformation that comes along with the will, and that’s the combination of the body and God Power.