Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

It was Chen Xiang’s first time seeing it, but according to the difficulty of this art, it was indeed very strong. If he could use the first form of this art, it would definitely allow his power to increase by many times.

"Now, let me tell you about the first form, the transformation of the body. I’ll combine it with my experience ..." Devil-killing Heavenly God explained in great detail to Chen Xiang for a whole three days and three nights.

Chen Xiang listened very seriously and remembered it all in his mind. He thought about it repeatedly, but it was still hard to find an opening.

"It looks like I’ll need some time to comprehend it. It’s as strange as the Heavenly Alchemy." Chen Xiang left the thirtieth floor.

Devil-killing Heavenly God had only explained the first move to him, but it was enough for him to learn it for a long time.

When Chen Xiang walked out of the Devil-killing Divine Palace, he suddenly felt waves of weak trembling.

"Are the demons attacking the city?" Chen Xiang heard the muffled booms, and at the same time, many of the disciples of the Devil-killing Divine Palace all went to the city walls to watch the commotion, because the second wave of disciples had made their moves.

Chen Xiang also wanted to go over to have a look, but he had more important things to do right now.

"Master, where are you going? Aren’t you going to watch the show?" Xiao Chou suddenly ran over, and waited for him for three days.

"I’m not going. I’m going to see how much the pill furnaces are selling." Chen Xiang said: "I’m lacking a pill furnace, my previous one is about to fall behind."

Although the Yanlong furnace was a pretty good pill furnace, as the flames Chen Xiang released became stronger and the pills Chen Xiang refined became higher and higher, the Yanlong furnace was somewhat unable to withstand it.

"Then I’ll go by myself. Old Tai has already helped us get a good position up there. That’s because that’s what the seniors are doing. It’s said that those demons are also very strong. They’ll be fighting for months." Xiao Chou saw that Chen Xiang still had an expression of interest, he shook his head, and ran towards the city wall.

Even when Chen Xiang arrived at the Devil-killing Divine City, he did not take a good look around. The Devil-killing Divine City could be considered a Great Divine City, and there were a lot of things that he could sell here.

"Hey, aren’t you going to take a look at how the old martial brother and the others are fighting the monsters? You’re the one who attracted those monsters." Chen Xiang’s shoulder was suddenly patted. The one who spoke was a woman, it was the Ninth Junior Sister.

Chen Xiang sighed: "I feel very guilty about this, I also did not expect that I would bring trouble to the Devil-killing Divine Palace."

"Actually, this is nothing. The appearance of those monsters is not a bad thing for us. At least they can help us practice." The Ninth Junior Sister faintly smiled. She was currently wearing a mask that covered half of her face. Her beautiful smile made people want to take off their masks even more.

"Ninth Martial Uncle, aren’t you going to watch the show?" Chen Xiang also laughed, the female god in front of him was looking at him with a curious gaze. Chen Xiang thought that she was probably here to ask some questions to satisfy his curiosity.

"I’ve been looking at it for two or three days. It’s rather boring. Oh right, what kind of cultivation technique did Master pass on to you?" The Ninth Junior Martial Sister giggled: "Tell me, maybe I’ve cultivated before, back then I also cultivated many different kinds of Devil-killing magic kungfu before finally finding a suitable one for myself, maybe I can teach you a little."

Chen Xiang looked around and said: "It’s not convenient to talk here."

After that, the Ninth Junior Sister brought Chen Xiang to the third level of Devil-killing Divine Palace. This was her territory, and Chen Xiang even found out her name was Wang Jinshi.

"What, Master actually passed the Seven devil-slain kungfu to you?" Wang Jinshi said in surprise after hearing what Chen Xiang had said.

"Is there a problem?" Chen Xiang felt that this Seven devil-slain kungfu should be very strong. Although he had not learnt it yet, he was very satisfied.

"Of course there’s a problem, this Seven devil-slain kungfu is simply an unbeatable Devil-killing magic kungfu. Although Master always says that we don’t have enough fire talent, he has only learned two and a half moves himself, and has also learned it for many years." "When we first entered the sect ten years ago, he taught us this Devil-killing magic kungfu, which was this Seven devil-slain kungfu. We wasted several thousand years of time on it, but in the end, we still didn’t learn anything."

"Fortunately, it’s only delaying our progress in learning the Devil-killing magic kungfu, and it’s not delaying our cultivation time. Now it’s your turn, the Seven devil-slain kungfu is really deceitful."

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "Indeed, but I think that it’s very powerful. I plan to try it for a period of time."

Wang Jinshi took off her mask, revealing her beautiful and mature oval face, she said with a low laugh: "Even though you didn’t acknowledge my master as your master, he passed down the Seven devil-slain kungfu to you, so no matter what, it can be considered half a disciple to him. From now on, you are my junior brother, so you can call me senior sister only when you and I are together."

Chen Xiang was stunned for a moment, then smiled: "Greetings, Senior Sister."

"Little junior brother, how about this, you follow me to cultivate the Demon Slaying Profound Cold Art, so that when you are dealing with evil spirits, you will be able to use a set of Devil-killing magic kungfu." Wang Jinshi said in a low voice.

"Senior Sister, you should know that I’m from the Alchemist. My innate ability is related to flames, is it appropriate for me to cultivate this Demon Slaying Profound Cold Art?" Chen Xiang laughed dryly. This Wang Jinshi was actually so enthusiastic, if it was appropriate, he would not mind.

"It shouldn’t be appropriate." Wang Jinshi sighed: "Then when you meet Hell Devil Emperor’s people in the future, you must be careful."

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "Thank you for your concern, Senior Sister, by the way, I want to buy a good pill furnace, which shop is better here?"

Wang Jinshi slapped the table and laughed: "Of course we are going to look for second brother, second brother is the refiner, he has been busy recently and is in a rush to refine and sell divine weapons, he needs some divine money."

Only now did Chen Xiang realize that he did not have much divine money on him.

"Can you get some credit with second uncle?" Chen Xiang asked somewhat awkwardly: "I’m short on money."

"No, this guy is really stingy. He can’t even be bothered about a single divine coin. There were several times when I was too short of money and couldn’t even get any credit from him." gritted his teeth in anger as he spoke of his Second Senior Brother, "But don’t worry, Senior Sister is very generous. How much money do you need?

"Senior sister, you have been so kind to me. I will definitely remember your kindness in the future." Chen Xiang smiled and said with gratitude.

"There’s no need to be courteous. Youngest junior brother, your spatial energy is so powerful. How did you manage to do that?" Wang Jinshi asked with her eyes wide open, she was extremely interested in this.

"This is my secret. Senior sister, don’t tell anyone, I’ll tell you." Seeing Wang Jinshi, Chen Xiang hurriedly nodded and said in a low voice, "Because I have merged with a spatial Rule spiritual bead, so I can control the power of the spatial laws."

Wang Jinshi exclaimed repeatedly, "So that’s how it is. No wonder Hell Devil Emperor couldn’t do anything to you. Rule spiritual bead is truly a good item.

Chen Xiang scratched his chin: "Gods Realm, are there very few of these Rule spiritual bead as well?"

"It is rare, but there are still clues I need to find. For example, the Ice Snow Rule spiritual bead, they are mostly underneath the Divine Ice Abyss, and there is a world of ice and snow underneath it. I’ve been there many times, but I couldn’t find any." Wang Jinshi sighed: "The last time someone sold it, it was extremely expensive and required a billion dollars. Finally, it was bought by one of the disciples of the God of Fortune."

"Let’s go and find the second brother to buy a pill furnace. If he doesn’t have one that you’re satisfied with, we can customize another one." Wang Jinshi pulled Chen Xiang down the stairs and onto the main street.

Wang Jinshi had already put on her mask. Standing beside her, Chen Xiang felt a little uncomfortable. After all, this was a Super profound God, and a female War God.

On the way, Chen Xiang found out that the Second Senior Brother was called Yuan Baibing and was a rather famous artificer, especially in the Devil-killing Divine City. Many profound God s looked for him to customize their Divine Weapon, so he was the richest amongst all their disciples.

Yuan Baibing’s shop had a very good location. There were more than a dozen very large shops, a total of three floors.

There were a few lower grade Holy-ranked equipment, but they were not forged by Yuan Baibing himself, but by the other blacksmiths in his shop.

"Number two, which pill furnace is the best here?" Wang Jinshi walked over to the counter and slapped the jade plate that was placed on top of the counter.

The jade plate trembled for a moment, then Yuan Baibing’s voice came out: "What do you want to do with the pill refining furnace? You want to start refining pills, but don’t you cultivate the Ice Cold Divine Power?"

"Second martial uncle, I want to buy it." Chen Xiang said.

When Yuan Baibing heard Chen Xiang’s voice, he walked out of the secret room to the end of the counter. He looked at Chen Xiang for a while, and then asked in a low voice.

"It’s that darn thing called the Seven devil-slain kungfu." Wang Jinshi stuck out his tongue.

"What a sin. Master has cheated another ignorant youth." Yuan Baibing shook his head and sighed, then patted Chen Xiang’s shoulders: "Don’t worry, just endure it. In a few thousand years, Master will definitely be able to see that you aren’t suitable to cultivate the Seven devil-slain kungfu, and then on, cultivate something else will be alright."

"Second brother, why don’t you pass your Demon Slaying Profound Fire Art to him now?" Wang Jinshi said.

"No, if Master knew, I’d be in trouble." Yuan Baibing hurriedly shook his head, then asked Chen Xiang: "This cauldron is the best one here, it’s a middle grade divine tool, it’s worth six million divine money. If I sell it to you, it’s worth 5.99 million.

"This..." When Chen Xiang heard this number, he was shocked.

"So expensive. I only have 5 million Godly money right now." Wang Jinshi bit her lower lip. She had promised Chen Xiang that she would buy a good pill furnace for him.

"Then what about the cheapest, low-grade divine artifacts?" Chen Xiang felt that as long as it was a Divine Stove, even if the furnace exploded, it would not shatter the pill furnace. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"Although the thirty godly pill furnaces are only low-grade divine tools, to be honest, those things can only be used to store water. They were even made by the weakest of refiners. That old man is still in our shop." Yuan Baibing said: "Are you sure you want the cheapest one?"

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "Just thirty divine coins, enough for me to use. When I earn enough divine money in the future, I’ll come here to buy a good one."

"No." Wang Jinshi felt that Chen Xiang must have felt wronged to be using such a low grade pill furnace, so he asked: "Ol ’Two, do you have a pill furnace with five million gold coins?"

"Yes."

Yuan Baibing could already tell that her Ninth Junior Sister wanted to lend some money to Chen Xiang. Wang Jinshi had done this kind of thing frequently in the past, she was an extremely generous woman, and this was something that everyone knew in Devil-killing Divine Palace.