Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was not really that anxious about the divine furnace that was worth five million, to him, right now, he could only handle the middle grade Holy Pellet and the Shangpin holy Dan s. Any good holy equipment would be able to deal with it, not to mention the God level’s furnace.

Therefore, these thirty low-grade, low-grade God Stones were considered good for Chen Xiang, and were enough for him to use.

If he needed a good divine furnace, that was what he needed to refine. At that time, he would have Xue Xianxian and the other girls help him refine it.

In the Gods Realm, pill furnaces were not easy to sell, especially those kind of expensive divine furnaces. This was because those who could afford to use these pill furnaces would have their own artificers to refine them for free, so Yuan Baibing was very happy right now.

"No need, the thirty divine money will be enough for me to use." Chen Xiang anxiously said, he did not want Wang Jinshi to spend so much money, and also give him pressure.

It would be better to buy medicinal herbs for him than pill furnaces. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"Four million eight hundred thousand." Yuan Baibing immediately said as he silently cursed Chen Xiang in his heart. He actually refused to accept even a scammer like Wang Jinshi who was willing to pay.

Wang Jinshi said: "Definitely, you are Alchemist, although you are still unable to concoct Divine Pills, but you have a good pill furnace, which can allow you to have twice the results with half the effort, I will lend you the divine money, you can return it to me later, I am not in a hurry to use it anyway."

Chen Xiang was extremely grateful to Wang Jinshi in her heart. She was so generous, and she was in stark contrast with the Yuan Baibing in front of her.

"Second Martial Uncle, give me the pill furnace that is worth thirty dollars. I want this." Chen Xiang said, his attitude was firm as well.

Yuan Baibing saw that the business was no longer viable and became anxious: "Little brother, let me say, are you looking down on my level of equipment forging? Do you think that my pill furnace is not worth this amount of money? If it wasn’t for the fact that Master doted on you so much, I wouldn’t have given you such a low price. The last time someone came to buy it, I wouldn’t even sell it for six million, now I give you four million and five hundred thousand."

Wang Jinshi was surprised. It was rare to see his usually stingy second senior brother actually lowering the price so much in one go.

Chen Xiang said to Wang Jinshi: "Senior Sister, I really don’t need that pill furnace. To tell you the truth, my wife is a refiner, and when I really need a good pill furnace in the future, I will ask her to help me refine it. If I don’t use the pill furnace that they refined, they would be in a hurry with me."

Hearing this, Wang Jinshi frowned: "They, you have so many wives."

It’s only two or three. They haven’t come to the Gods Realm yet, but they will definitely come in the future. Furthermore, they are all excellent artificers. Chen Xiang said.

"Fine."

After Wang Jinshi agreed, he said to Yuan Baibing: "Second Senior Brother, I only have two million on me right now.

Hearing that, Yuan Baibing’s voice also became lighter, and he smiled to Chen Xiang: "Little brother, it is more suitable for you to use a low grade pill furnace now, I just thought about it, with your current pill refining level, even if you use a high grade furnace, it would be impossible to use it."

Yuan Baibing obviously did not want to take credit, so he took out the thirty god pill furnace.

Chen Xiang secretly laughed in his heart. Wang Jinshi understood this second senior brother very well, so if he said that, Yuan Baibing would not insist on letting him buy it.

Wang Jinshi helped Chen Xiang pay the thirty divine coins, then took him to visit some other places.

"I’ll give it back to you soon." Chen Xiang looked at the little pill furnace in his palm. Although this pill furnace was cheap, it still had the ability to grow bigger and smaller. The space inside was also relatively larger, so he was very satisfied with this pill furnace.

"It’s just a little bit of money." Wang Jinshi was really generous, he pointed to a blade and said: This blade is not bad, it’s one of the better low grade divine tools, only a hundred thousand gold coins, look if it’s suitable, I’ll give it to you.

Wang Jinshi was a Super profound God, but several million was still a large sum of money for a profound God like her that didn’t know how to refine pills.

"No, I don’t like it much." Even if Chen Xiang wished, he could not take advantage of Wang Jinshi. After all, it was not easy for Wang Jinshi to earn money.

"Senior sister, how do you usually earn that much money?" Chen Xiang asked.

"F * ck, I’m the War God. I can go to the War God Shrine or the Devil-killing Divine Palace to get some missions with high rewards. Don’t look at how I only have a few million on me right now, I’ve lent over a hundred million." Wang Jinshi said.

Chen Xiang believed her words. She had just met him, so she wanted to lend him 5 million Godly money.

"To be honest, among the people I know, besides a tycoon, the rest of them are all poor. Only Master is relatively rich, but he is also very stingy." Wang Jinshi looked at the emerald green long sword placed in the shop, staring intently, as if he really wanted to do that.

"Even boss owes me some divine money. After a while, I’ll find them to return it. I want to buy a Superior Grade Divine Sword." Wang Jinshi laughed: "You are a Alchemist, you will definitely have money in the future. When the time comes, I will borrow money from you, you better not be like a stingy number two, and find a whole bunch of reasons to reject me."

Chen Xiang felt that Wang Jinshi was a little silly, he had lent him over a hundred million, but he did not take it back even now. Even Ren Tianyong owed her, so how could the disciples of the Devil-killing Divine Palace be so poor?

In the Gods Realm, if one did not have a good technique, it would be difficult to earn money. Even for a profound God like Wang Jinshi, it was the same.

"Senior Sister, are you free right now?" Chen Xiang asked.

"That’s right, I just completed a big business deal and plan to rest for a while. Do you have anything you want to entrust to me?" Wang Jinshi continued to look at the jade sword as she called Yuan Baibing over.

Yuan Baibing said somewhat impatiently, "Ninth Junior Sister, this sword will not be short of divine money. No matter how many times I ask you, it will always be a hundred and eighty million divine money."

Chen Xiang was shocked by this number. One hundred eighty million Godly.

"Why is it so expensive? There doesn’t seem to be anything special about it." Chen Xiang curiously asked and then carefully looked, but he still could not see anything.

"Of course you can’t tell, but this sword is a Smoke sword that the Sword God forged for his beloved daughter back then. It has a lot of significance, and it is a Superior Grade Divine Weapon." Wang Jinshi explained.

"Such an expensive item is just placed here." Chen Xiang did not think that the origins of this sword was so big, he thought that Yuan Baibing refined it himself.

Yuan Baibing laughed: "Someone who dares to steal things here, before he comes out of the door, I will turn him into ashes."

Chen Xiang asked: "Is the Sword God very strong? Why is his beloved daughter’s divine sword here?"

Yuan Baibing said: "The Sword God is a guy that even the God of Fortune is afraid of. Back then, he almost destroyed Wealth Divine Palace by himself and the Sword God is also the master of the Penalty Heavenly God. Do you think that such a guy is scary?"

"What about him?" Chen Xiang took a deep breath. He even admired the guy who dared to go against the God of Fortune.

"I don’t know, I heard he was sent to Divine Prison, you stayed in there for a while, have you not heard of him?" Yuan Baibing asked.

There were nine blood colored Bane Stars in Divine Prison. He had indeed heard of some extraordinary people in other Bane Stars, but he did not expect the Sword God to be here.

"Second senior brother, I’ll give you one million spiritual coins. How about you give me this sword for one year?" Wang Jinshi asked.

"No." Yuan Baibing shook his head.

"One month."

Yuan Baibing still shook his head: "I won’t lend it to you. If you want it, you can only buy it."

"180 million. Who else can afford it other than you, Master?" Wang Jinshi sighed softly, then reluctantly shifted his gaze away and left the shop.

Chen Xiang followed behind her. It was obvious that she really wanted that Smoke sword.

"If only Xue Yi was here, she might be able to see something." Chen Xiang kept feeling that to Wang Jinshi, that sword was more than just a high-grade divine tool.

There was still a battle going on outside of Divine City, and it was getting more and more intense.

Chen Xiang followed Wang Jinshi all the way back to Devil-killing Divine Palace, and when they reached Wang Jinshi’s floor, they just saw her holding onto her cheeks and looking out of the window, and the window was directly facing Yuan Baibing’s shop, allowing her to see the Smoke sword s.

"Senior sister, is that sword very important to you? Why don’t you let the Main Heavenly God decide for you and seize that divine sword?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No, if I want anything, I have to do it through myself. This is something Master has often said over the years, so he won’t help me." Wang Jinshi shook his head.

"Why don’t you just go and take back the divine money that you lent?" Chen Xiang continued, "At that time, as long as we gather enough resources, we will have enough to buy it."

"Most of them can’t be taken back because most of the people who borrowed my divine money were from my team. They’re already dead." Wang Jinshi let out a long sigh, carrying a trace of grief. It was clear that it was because of the death of her teammate that caused her so much pain in her heart.

Chen Xiang thought for a while, then said: "Senior Sister, what is the price of profound God’s Divine Deity right now?"

Wang Jinshi turned her head, her eyebrows knitted together as she asked suspiciously: "You want me to pawn my Divine Deity, that won’t do, if Master finds out, I’ll be scolded to death."

"No, this is my secret. I have the profound God’s Divine Deity in my hands." Chen Xiang smiled mysteriously: "I can lend it to you, but I need you to help me with a few things."

Wang Jinshi immediately opened her mouth wide and quickly nodded her head. It seemed like she really wanted to get the Smoke sword, before Chen Xiang even said what he wanted her to do, she had already nodded her head and agreed.

"Then we’ll have to see what profound God’s Divine Deity is. The Divine Deity of a lower profound God is currently around a hundred million divine coins, and the middle profound God is double the price."

Chen Xiang had the profound God’s Divine Deity in his hands, and he had obviously obtained it from inside the Divine Prison.

Chen Xiang took out a piece of the profound God’s Divine Deity. This was what the Hell Devil Emperor had taken out after the defeat of the two War Gods sent out by the Azure Dragon.