Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"This is the middle profound God’s Divine Deity and it isn’t imprinted yet. However, the aura of war god is so thick, it should be inside the War God Shrine." Wang Jinshi took it, "At that time, the Hell Devil Emperor sent two War Gods to the Divine Prison to kill the Azure Dragon, this Divine Deity must be one of them. If it was the War God’s Divine Deity, it could be a little more expensive."

"You aren’t even a True God yet, but you actually have such a thing. Even if I sell this Divine Deity and buy the Smoke sword, I should still be able to save forty to fifty million dollars."

Wang Jinshi was very excited and asked: "Tell me, what do you want me to help you with?"

"The first thing you need to do is to help me find a person called Yang Yan, who is the son of a disciple of the Shining God. Go and find out where he is, I want to know, and the second thing you need to do is to help me leave a mark in the Divine City. I want to contact an old friend here, and the third thing ... Wait until you buy the Smoke sword, because that would require a huge sum of money. " Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Wang Jinshi nodded his head: "I will first go and make a move on this Divine Deity, I can directly look for Second Brother to make good on it, it won’t be long."

Divine Deity could also be used for cultivation, so Chen Xiang planned to leave a piece of profound God’s Divine Deity for himself to cultivate.

Yuan Baibing was in urgent need of divine money, so it was obvious that it was used to purchase Divine Pills to raise his strength.

Wang Jinshi quickly left the Devil-killing Divine Palace, where he waited for her to return.

"We should hurry and find Xue Yi. With her cooperation, I will be able to get more than a billion spirit coins as soon as possible, and then go to the Divine Prison to save the Azure Dragon." Chen Xiang already knew that more than five thousand years had passed in the Divine Prison. The five thousand years that he had lost were lost in the passage opened by the Azure Dragon.

To quickly obtain a large amount of divine money, the only way was to buy the Holy level s for a low price, and then sell them for two or three pieces of the Heavenly Alchemy. That was the reason why Chen Xiang needed to find Yang Yan.

Chen Xiang, who was strong and sturdy in the Divine Prison, should have a huge advantage in terms of access. The reason he had Wang Jinshi go to the various great Divine City s to leave behind secret records was to contact Long Xueyi.

An hour later, Wang Jinshi returned in high spirits. The moment she saw Chen Xiang, she took out the Smoke sword, which was her wish for many years.

"I sold it for two hundred and thirty million, so I’ll give you this fifty million." Wang Jinshi threw a jade token to Chen Xiang: "You only need to drip blood, you can go to the God of Fortune’s native bank to receive it."

Wang Jinshi fondled the Smoke sword lovingly, and laughed: "I’ve finally got it, it feels so good to be back ... ... "My darling."

"What, the feeling of coming back? You’ve had it before." Chen Xiang asked in shock.

"Ah!" Wang Jinshi realized that he blurted out something, and his eyes rolled a few times as he mumbled, "About this ... "I used to, I mean ..."

"Alright, I’ll tell you, but don’t tell anyone else, this sword was made for me by my father, and I am the Sword God’s daughter. Actually, this sword was made for my mother by my father, and my mother’s name is Fei Yan." Wang Jinshi bit her lips. This sword was the only thing her parents had left for her.

Chen Xiang was not too surprised, he had already seen through it before, "Does Main Heavenly God know about this matter?"

"I don’t know, please don’t tell him, although my father is the Sword God, he isn’t very popular in the Gods Realm. Originally, he had already been sent to hell with his body, but the hell did not manage to trap him, and he even caused a ruckus. Finally, the Gods joined forces to seal him in the Divine Prison." Wang Jinshi solemnly warned Chen Xiang.

"So powerful." Chen Xiang imagined the Sword God playing around in hell with the Divine Sword in his hand, and he felt very excited.

"This is my secret. I only told you this because you helped me get this sword back. Do not tell anyone." Wang Jinshi warned Chen Xiang again: "In order to conceal my identity, I don’t even dare to use my father’s sword technique."

Chen Xiang said: "If you don’t dare to use it, then pass it to me. I dare to use anything."

"No, it’s not that I’m petty, it’s just that the sword technique is too dangerous, not inferior to your Heavenly Alchemy. Gods Realm has four great Taboo magic, which is similar to my father’s God Murdering Sword Techniques.

"God Murdering Sword Techniques, this is a good name." Chen Xiang was suddenly very interested, and said quickly: "Senior sister, can you pass the God Murdering Sword Techniques to me, how about you write off the divine money you owe me?"

Wang Jinshi laughed, "How can Taboo magic be so cheap ... "Even if I offer 10 billion, I can still sell it."

"Then forget it." Chen Xiang sighed.

Chen Xiang had helped him so much, and now that she saw Chen Xiang’s expression, Wang Jinshi felt a little sorry. Although her father never said that it couldn’t be spread to others, she was worried that it would bring trouble to Chen Xiang.

However, the God Murdering Sword Techniques is different. The Devil-killing Heavenly God has always regarded this sword technique as evil, and if he were to find out, it will definitely be very troublesome. Wang Jinshi said.

"Don’t worry, I don’t need to use it. Even if I use it, I will be very careful. I’m very good at it." Chen Xiang used the same devil arts that Bai Youyou taught him back then.

Wang Jinshi hesitated for a while, then sighed and pointed at the center of Chen Xiang’s brows: "After I pass this God Murdering Sword Techniques to you, you have to promise me a few things. Firstly, you must not leak out the fact that you possess the God Murdering Sword Techniques, and secondly, if you want to pass it on to others, you must get my permission first.

Chen Xiang hurriedly nodded: "I promise you, to tell you the truth, I plan to go to the Divine Prison again. I want to save the Azure Dragon, and at that time, I will help you find the Sword God."

"Alright." Wang Jinshi immediately transmitted the God Murdering Sword Techniques into Chen Xiang’s mind.

Wang Jinshi said: "You said before, what was the third thing you wanted me to do for you. Don’t worry, I will help you finish it."

"This will require some divine money. I want you to help me purchase a batch of middle-ranked divine medicine." Chen Xiang said: "Of course, if you can find Yang Yan, I will let him do it."

"I never thought that you would be so good to the people of the Wealth Divine Palace. The God of Fortune was working with the Hell Devil Emperor to capture you." Wang Jinshi said.

This Yang Yan is different. When I was in Divine Prison, he helped me before. Chen Xiang laughed, "Moreover, this guy doesn’t really agree with the God of Fortune."