Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang did not say anything, he did not want to disturb Yang Yan watching the dance, he just did not want the food on the table to be wasted, he believed that eating and drinking to the side would not affect Yang Yan.

Seeing Chen Xiang like that, everyone was secretly surprised. They suspected that Chen Xiang recognized Yang Yan, but when they saw the face of the big sized man behind Yang Yan, they understood, that Yang Yan did not know who he was.

They thought carefully and suddenly understood one thing, that was, Chen Xiang did not disturb Yang Yan, did not talk to him, and only ate the food that Yang Yan did not eat, and drank the wine that Yang Yan did not drink, and Yang Yan did not even look at him once.

Everyone was patiently waiting, and Chen Xiang was also carefully tasting all the good dishes on the table. After he finished eating, he licked his lips, leaned on the chair, and crossed his legs, watching the beauties dance on the stage.

After the dance ended, the dancing lady gracefully left the stage. Yang Yan then asked: "Who are you?" Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

As expected, the two of them did not know each other, everyone silently cursed themselves for not having the courage to go over and sit, which meant that Yang Yan was clearly testing someone else.

"The dishes just now were too cold, although the taste was not bad, I was not too satisfied, moreover the wine was not too good either. Young Master Yang, it is not right to entertain a friend like this, I just did not want you to pour out a table of cold dishes, so I forced myself to eat and drink it all." Chen Xiang grinned: "It’s about time you serve me a table full of delicious dishes."

Yang Yan laughed: "That’s right, using cold dishes to entertain friends is indeed my fault."

Soon, there was another table of dishes on the table. It was steaming hot.

This time, Yang Yan raised his cup and drank with Chen Xiang, while also eating. However, Chen Xiang still did not reveal his identity to him.

Although Yang Yan was very strong, Chen Xiang suspected that he was already a profound God. However, he was still unable to recognize him, and was extremely satisfied with his transformation technique.

"Brother, where are you from?" Yang Yan asked.

"I just came over from Devil-killing Divine Palace. That place is too noisy, those demons are always outside fighting and killing." Chen Xiang chewed on a big pile of food, he used his chopsticks and pointed at the food on the table, and shouted: "Quickly eat, eat, don’t be so polite."

Everyone cursed at this fellow who refused to accept others as his guest, but Yang Yan did not flare up. It was clear that he admired Chen Xiang’s character.

At this time, there were also people who came up one by one to give their gifts. However, this was all done by that big guy to help him with some things, and to make that big guy remember that if he couldn’t help him, he would make that big guy return the gifts.

Hell Divine Palace and Devil-killing Divine Palace have always been on bad terms, so it is not strange for such a thing to happen. I just did not expect that Devil-killing Divine Palace would actually have such a powerful strength, that the second batch of disciples from Devil-killing Heavenly God would all appear as a group of god with no surname, and that they would be extremely powerful as well. "

"As for the first batch of disciples in the Devil-killing Heavenly God, they were even more mysterious. In the Gods Realm, many people believed that the God of Fortune was the strongest, and because their four disciples were all turned into little God of Wealth, they were also powerful Gods. Their fame was great, and they were rich, which was why they gave others this illusion."

"Actually, the hidden strength of the Devil-killing Divine Palace is more terrifying. The third group of disciples of the Devil-killing Heavenly God are all from the Super profound God, and before long, they will become gods. At that time, the overall strength of the Devil-killing Divine Palace will increase by many times."

Everyone nodded their heads, although the second batch of disciples from the Devil-killing Divine Palace was not a secret, and many people knew that they were in the Devil-killing Divine Palace, but this time, they were all here to fight against those terrifying blood demons, and they had already killed many of them.

Yang Yan continued: "Right now, it’s only because of all divine palaces’s restrictions, so Devil-killing Divine Palace doesn’t dare to break the rules set by all divine palaces. Otherwise, Devil-killing Divine Palace would have already openly attacked Hell Divine Palace."

"Now, the Hell Devil Emperor’s strength has gradually weakened, because he had always been controlling the Nine Heaven World, causing large-scale deaths in the Nine Heaven World, thus obtaining a large number of dead spirits, and obtaining a large amount of powerful strength. Now that the Nine Heaven World has been taken over by the all divine palaces, the Hell Devil Emperor can no longer do anything wrong, so the Hell Devil Emperor will continue to move forward."

Chen Xiang said: "Hell Divine Palace should have a certain level of strength since he was able to fight with Devil-killing Divine Palace for so many years, and if Hell Devil Emperor wants to make a move, then he must break the rules set by all divine palaces, and bring him from hell to Gods Realm as the ruler."

"But by doing this, the all divine palaces will definitely join hands to deal with him, so he only has a one day journey to search for power to support him. I heard that the War God Shrine, Fire Divine Palace and the Wealth Divine Palace have all cooperated with him before."

These shrines were all one of the strongest shrines in the all divine palaces. If he could obtain the support of these shrines, it wouldn’t be difficult for him to take down half of the Gods Realm.

Yang Yan did not say anything, because he was someone from the Wealth Divine Palace, and he was not willing to be with the Hell Divine Palace at all. He waved his hand, signalling the big sized man to bring him away.

Very quickly, only Chen Xiang and Yang Yan was left.

"Just who are you?" Yang Yan felt that Chen Xiang was very extraordinary.

"Chen Xiang." Chen Xiang grinned: "I don’t think so."

As Chen Xiang laughed, he changed back to his own appearance, causing Yang Yan to curse him.

"I knew I would see you again. I didn’t expect to meet you again and start drinking with you for no reason." Yang Yan laughed: "It’s been over five thousand years, and you entered the Gods Realm so quickly. Furthermore, your life seems to be pretty good, and you actually managed to get rid of the Hell Devil Emperor’s Tracing mantra."

"I don’t have five thousand years." Chen Xiang laughed bitterly, then explained the matter to him. This made Yang Yan admire him even more.

Chen Xiang said: "Big brother Yang, after I left, how was the Azure Dragon? I know he killed those profound God s."

Yang Yan sighed: "He killed all of the profound God, but because of that, he was sent to hell with his body. He has been in hell for more than four thousand years, and was suddenly brought back to Divine Prison.

"Then can he come out?"

It was a good thing for Chen Xiang that the green dragon was strong. It was just that it was not easy to get the green dragon out.

"Yes, but it will take a lot of divine money, so it should be worth ten billion divine money. This is not easy to get, even if I were to use Brilliant God, I wouldn’t be able to get that much all of a sudden." Yang Yan said: "All the prisoners in the fourth to ninth Bane are priced at this price."

Right now, Chen Xiang not only wanted to save the Azure Dragon, but also Wang Jinshi’s Sword God father.