Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The Seven devil-slain kungfu was indeed as powerful as Devil-killing Heavenly God had said, but it was very difficult for one to learn it, and Chen Xiang had already comprehended a little bit, so he could clearly feel the terror of the Seven devil-slain kungfu.

For example, when he punched just now, he used the combination of time and energy. The powerful force had destroyed the house, but because it was moving too fast, the house had become invisible, so the house had already collapsed. It was only a delay before it collapsed.

This was also the reason why Xiao Chou and Tai Qiang did not sense any signs of destruction. The house had long ago been destroyed, but the speed at which it was destroyed was too fast and it worked well with the power of the explosion, so it was too late for the house to collapse.

In other words, Chen Xiang’s strength had already surpassed the original time limit.

He did not use divine power, but only the strength of his fleshly body was able to slightly display the power of the laws. This was also the reason why Chen Xiang was shocked by the power of the Seven devil-slain kungfu.

"What’s going on?" Xiao Chou could not understand. Previously, everything was fine, but in the blink of an eye, the house had been turned into this state, even if it was destroyed by a strong power, the process of it being destroyed was very short, but at the very least, he could see what the house was broken into.

When Chen Xiang destroyed the house, there was no process. In an instant, the house turned into pieces that appeared on the ground, and didn’t even have the process of falling to the ground and cracking. It was as though a person, who was just a child just a moment ago, had turned into an adult in the blink of an eye, then into an old man.

and Tai Qiang’s current experiences were like this, they felt that they did not experience the period of time the house collapsed, but lost that period of time.

"Master, quickly tell me, don’t laugh." Xiao Chou couldn’t even think of a way to get a bald head.

"That is a cultivation technique I have just learned. It can slightly alter the circulation of time ..." This change is caused by the effects of power, and the change in time can also make the power to be even stronger. " Chen Xiang said with a smile. He was now more looking forward to the Seven devil-slain kungfu, the first form of the Five Transformations.

Xiao Chou gasped in surprise, and asked: "How is it powerful, can you teach me?"

Chen Xiang laughed: "I’m afraid you won’t be able to learn it."

Tai Qiang suddenly lowered his voice and said: "Is this from the Seven devil-slain kungfu?"

Chen Xiang nodded.

Xiao Chou seemed to have heard of the Seven devil-slain kungfu before, so he was feeling dejected.

"It’s actually the Seven devil-slain kungfu, you learned it so quickly." Tai Qiang had a face full of shock: "I had read a bit about it back then, but I was completely confused. Even my master and uncle master teachers could not comprehend it in the slightest."

And not long after Chen Xiang had joined the Devil-killing Divine Palace, he was actually able to unleash such a strange power through the Seven devil-slain kungfu.

Chen Xiang made a "hush" gesture, indicating that he and Xiao Chou had kept it a secret.

"What should we do about the mansion? Old Tai rented it." Xiao Chou said.

"Just rebuild it. It won’t be worth much money, not destroying this place." Tai Qiang said, he now felt even more respect for Chen Xiang.

"Let’s go, the three days are almost up. Let’s go to Devil-killing Divine Palace to gather and see what we have to announce." Xiao Chou said.

Chen Xiang and the other two quickly reached the twentieth floor of the Devil-killing Divine Palace. Many people had already arrived there, and Wang Jinshi and Yuan Baibing were there as well. Soon after, other War Gods arrived as well.

What made everyone disappointed was that they did not see the ten second group of disciples. Those were all powerful gods, and the Devil-killing Heavenly God did not appear either.

"Long story short, I called everyone here today to say a piece of good news." Ren Tianyong laughed: "Everyone should already know, that we are going to counterattack Hell Divine Palace. According to the latest intelligence, Hell Divine Palace has raised a group of demons in Devil Yang Valley, and they are all using different types of demons to fuse together, so they are very strong."

"Currently, many of these monsters have already appeared in the Demonic Sun Forest outside of Devil Yang Valley. Now, we can openly kill these demons."

Ren Tianyong took out a black crystal and continued to speak, "As long as you can get this kind of crystal, when you come back you will be able to get extra points. With one jin of ten thousand, if you get enough, you can get a low-grade divine tool worth five hundred thousand gold coins.

"A million points." The fifth brother asked with a smile.

"High-grade divine artifacts. As long as you can acquire them, you’ll definitely have them." Ren Tianyong laughed: "Everyone, this is a godly activity, because those demons are very easy to kill, but you all have to be careful, as long as you go through the forest outside of the Devil Yang Valley, do not ever enter the Devil Yang Valley, unless your team has a War God."

Hearing that they had the chance to get a mid-tier divine tool, everyone became excited.

"Let’s start our journey now. If the Hell Divine Palace sends War Gods to stop you, you don’t have to worry, our Gods are already there waiting for them. If they dare to obstruct us from exterminating the Evil Demons, then we can kill them openly."

Everyone immediately left the Devil-killing Divine Palace and ran towards the Transmission array.

"Youngest junior brother, your team only has three people, it’s pretty bad. How about you join my team, I am a war god, and my team also has a few profound God. We can fight our way into the Devil Yang Valley and get more of those crystals." Wang Jinshi whispered to Chen Xiang.

"No need. Tai Qiang and Xiao Chou are both my friends. When I’m with them, there’s no need to worry too much about being exposed." Although Chen Xiang had removed the Tracing mantra, in order to prevent too many things from being leaked, he still planned to keep his identity a secret.

"Alright, you have to be careful."

Xiao Chou and Tai Qiang were both fantasizing about which middle grade divine tool to choose.

"Hurry up and leave. Didn’t you see how those guys all want to be reincarnated hungry ghosts? If you go too late, you won’t even have hair left." Chen Xiang patted their shoulders.

Chen Xiang didn’t know who that Devil Yang Valley was, but Tai Qiang knew that they would need to walk a distance to get to the Devil Yang Valley. First, they would need to be transferred to a small Divine City, and then, they would need to walk from there.

If someone had a powerful divine artifact, they would be able to use it to travel at high speed. For example, the Azure Dragon cloak.

"All of these bastards have this sort of Soaring Sky Divine Tool." After Xiao Chou left the Divine City, he saw many people riding on large flying divine tools, flying quickly towards the Demon Sun Forest.

Tai Qiang and Xiao Chou originally wanted to catch up, but they were stopped by Chen Xiang.

"We’ll go after them. Follow me."

Xiao Chou and Tai Qiang could only believe in Chen Xiang. They followed Chen Xiang to a small mountain and saw him opening a spatial passageway.

"I almost forgot that Master used this technique, haha." Xiao Chou laughed excitedly.

After that, the three of them walked into the spatial tunnel. When Chen Xiang came, he had already known the location from Tai Qiang.

"It’s not here yet, but it should be soon." Tai Qiang took out a divine disc, and confirmed his current position.

Chen Xiang continued to open the spatial door. After a few times in a row, they arrived at the top of a large mountain, and in front of them was a vast expanse of forest. This forest was relatively special, its leaves were all black, the trees were very tall and full of leaves, densely packed together, when the wind blew, the leaves swayed, looking like black water floating.

"This is the Demon Sun Forest. The Devil Yang Valley is at the end of the forest. It’s still far away." Tai Qiang said.

Xiao Chou saw a gigantic flying disc in the distance. He brought dozens of people and jumped down from it as he curled his lips: "Looks like we aren’t the first ones here. This second martial uncle of mine is an artificer.

"Of course it’s for sale. This guy really lacks money. The Frisbee he used is really good stuff. It flew away so quickly." Tai Qiang said.

Just as Chen Xiang and the other two were watching the Fiery Sun Forest, many flying divine tools arrived behind them, flew above the forest and then jumped into the forest.

"Let’s go." Tai Qiang flew up to the sky and flew in a direction that no one else had gone.

Just as Chen Xiang and the other two entered the forest, the jade token suddenly vibrated, this was an urgent message from Ren Tianyong.

The Hell Divine Palace has also sent people over, when the time comes, we might encounter people from the Hell Divine Palace, and directly start killing them, if we can’t beat them in time, then we will have to escape, do not try to fight them head on.

After Xiao Chou finished listening, he said, "Can you add points to killing the disciples of Hell Divine Palace?" ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

"I don’t think so. The reason Master didn’t say that, is also because he wants us to not fight head on." Tai Qiang said: "At that time, we’ll be more careful."

Chen Xiang was already a True God now, so neither Xiao Chou nor Tai Qiang knew of it. Therefore, they were walking in front of him and warned him from time to time to be careful.

"Even though I didn’t learn any useful Devil-killing magic kungfu when I came to the Gods Realm, I have learned some powerful Devil-suppressing kungfu before. Furthermore, I can use the Devil slaying God wind, which is enough for me to deal with those who cultivate the power of the devils." Chen Xiang said: "Don’t underestimate me."

"Come on Master, your Seven devil-slain kungfu is still incomplete. The things you have learnt in the past, it would be useless against the demons in the Gods Realm."

Xiao Chou held onto his pike, walking in the front, using the big scissors in his hand to occasionally cut off some Devil Flowers that would bite.

"There’s someone." Chen Xiang suddenly transmitted to Xiao Chou and Tai Qiang: "It’s behind the tree in front. This guy had concealed himself very well, I almost didn’t notice it."

The spatial realm that Chen Xiang had released had a very wide range. All the objects within the spatial realm would appear in his mind, so even if the person hiding were to hide, as long as they were in the same space as Chen Xiang, they would not be able to hide.

"Really, why didn’t we find out?" Xiao Chou was shocked. Both he and Tai Qiang thought that their sensing ability was not bad, but when Chen Xiang told them the location, they couldn’t even find it after using their divine power to search for it.

"Continue walking, don’t alert that guy. If he wants to ambush us, then we will do it. When the time comes, we will catch him off guard." Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to Xiao Chou and Tai Qiang, telling them not to stop.

Chen Xiang could feel that the person who was hiding was not very strong, and was at the same level as Tai Qiang. As long as Xiao Chou and Tai Qiang knew that there was an ambush there, they would be able to defeat it.