Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

The person who was lying in ambush was extremely cautious, upon sensing that something was amiss, he slowly moved, as though he did not plan to attack Chen Xiang and the rest.

When they got closer, Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to Xiao Chou and Tai Qiang: "This guy is worried that he won’t be able to take us down, so he doesn’t plan to attack. You two hurry up and stay far away from me, that way he would sneak attack me.

"Master, is this appropriate?" Xiao Chou was a little worried for Chen Xiang.

"When the time comes, you can act a bit faster and everything will be fine." Chen Xiang was not afraid at all. Although that person was strong, it was almost impossible to succeed in ambushing him under the circumstances that he knew.

Xiao Chou and Tai Qiang sped up their footsteps, purposely leaving Chen Xiang behind.

Sure enough, the person made the same move as Chen Xiang had expected. His movements were extremely quick and violent, and he shot over like a black ray of light.

Tai Qiang and Xiao Chou who were already prepared, were extremely fast, in an instant they flashed to Chen Xiang’s side and unleashed a violent attack, in an instant launching several moves, they had all used Devil-killing magic kungfu and released a divine light that rushed forward like a wave.

Chen Xiang had already dodged, taking out his Suzaku bow, he released an arrow at the person that was drowned in the Demon Slaying God Power.

It was a split-second of attack, but it was the full power of both Xiao Chou and Xiao Chou’s attacks. The remnant shockwave caused a large portion of the trees to shake, and the person was burnt black by the energy, falling flat on the ground.

"It’s from the Hell Divine Palace. I didn’t expect us to meet so soon." Xiao Chou walked over and kicked him twice. He did not die, he just lay on the ground naked.

Chen Xiang walked over, held onto the man’s head and used a devil art to absorb his soul.

"Let’s throw away this Divine Deity. There’s the mark of the Hell Devil Emperor inside." Xiao Chou said.

"It’s fine, I’ll keep it." Chen Xiang placed the Divine Deity inside the ring, inside the ring was a space for channeling his spirit power, after which it would be isolated from the outside world, so the Hell Devil Emperor wouldn’t be able to sense it.

This Divine Deity could not be sold, but to Chen Xiang who had the Heavenly Alchemy, this Divine Deity was a good material for refining pills.

"Looks like the people from Hell Divine Palace have been lying in ambush here. If not for Master, we might have been ambushed by that guy. These bastards have such strong concealment abilities, it’s really troublesome." Xiao Chou cursed, he looked around, afraid that there would be more ambushes.

Chen Xiang laughed: "With me here, even if they were hiding on the ground, I would be able to discover them. Let’s quickly go deeper in to find those demons, I think there will be more demons outside Devil Yang Valley."

Xiao Chou and Tai Qiang nodded in agreement. Afterwards, the three of them rushed to Devil Yang Valley as they approached the gate through it.

"We’re almost at the Devil Yang Valley. There are already a lot of demons here." Xiao Chou looked at the footprints on the ground.

Tai Qiang said, "These demons are the result of the Hell Divine Palace’s fusion. They might even merge with some beasts, so they definitely won’t be too weak. Let’s not underestimate these demons."

Xiao Chou said: "As long as it’s not a group, we are not afraid."

Chen Xiang suddenly frowned and looked in a direction: "There are monsters over there, there are quite a few of them. Do you want to go over to take a look?"

"A few." Xiao Chou hesitated for a moment, then shouted: "Let’s go."

They had not killed any monsters for a long time, and now that they had finally encountered them, it was only natural that they wanted to experience the strength of these demons.

The three of them carefully walked over. They wanted to use a sneak attack.

Inside Chen Xiang’s Space Domain, the three of them had concealed themselves very well, and they could already see the five demons, they looked like gorillas, but they were covered in a kind of black armor, their back had sharp thorns, and their mouths revealed two long steel fangs that were flashing with sharpness.

"Old Tai, leave the highest one to me. Pick one yourself, Master. Don’t move from here." Xiao Chou whispered to Chen Xiang and Tai Qiang.

Tai Qiang nodded his head, then the two of them quickly attacked together, like two bolts of golden lightning, they shot forward, in the blink of an eye, Xiao Chou’s spear, which carried a strong Demon Slaying God power, pierced through a demon’s head.

Tai Qiang’s scissor cut off the demon’s upper body.

Xiao Chou quickly pulled out his spear and stabbed it towards another monster like lightning. At the same time, he avoided the black liquid that the other monsters were spraying at him.

"There’s poison here. Be careful." Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to Xiao Chou: "The demon you attacked did not die."

The demon monster whose head was pierced by Xiao Chou roared out, the hole in its head suddenly leaked a thick black liquid, and the wound immediately healed.

As for the demon monster that had its body cut off by Tai Qiang, after its two halves merged together, they actually linked together, and also completely recovered.

"What are these monsters?" Xiao Chou fiercely leaped into the air, avoiding the black light shot out by the demons. The black light was laced with light green poison, if it took even a bit, then nothing good would happen.

Tai Qiang also frowned, his scissors had already cut off the heads of a few monsters, but those heads and bodies seemed to have a suction force, even if he kicked them off, they could quickly return back to their bodies.

Tai Qiang, use your fastest speed to cut off their heads. Leave the rest to me. Chen Xiang said.

Tai Qiang immediately followed their orders. After avoiding the demon s attacks, he quickly cut off their heads.

Chen Xiang used his spatial energy and opened a crack that led to a tyrannical space. Afterwards, he put the two heads inside, and just when he thought he had taken care of them, the two five demon heads actually grew out of it quickly. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"It won’t work if this goes on, you guys try using the Devil-killing magic kungfu first."

Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to them and then used the Chaos Divine Eye to check the black crystal in the demons’ bodies. That was their energy source, as long as they could take the black crystal out, these demons would be easy to deal with.

"It’s actually in a place like this, and it’s so small at that." Using the Chaos Divine Eye, Chen Xiang saw the black crystals. The bones hidden in his thighs were only the size of walnuts.

At this time, a few demons came again. Xiao Chou and Tai Qiang had to struggle with them, because these demons were not weak, and their attacks were poisonous, unable to inflict heavy injuries on them.

"Divide through space." After Chen Xiang locked onto the black crystals on the legs of the demons, he used the power of the Space Law to separate them out.

Twelve black crystals suddenly appeared in front of Chen Xiang and at this time, the attacks of the monsters had already stopped. They couldn’t even stand steadily and were blasted by Xiao Chou and Tai Qiang into black smoke.

"Why did he suddenly fall down?" After a moment of doubt arose in Xiao Chou’s heart, he immediately turned to look at Chen Xiang’s location only to see twelve black crystals floating in front of him.

Chen Xiang chuckled: "Although these guys are powerful, they don’t have brains. They don’t know how to defend against me.