Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The article’s query: Popular keywords: "The Great King of the Daolords is sparing your life in the myth of the era of flying swords". Light blue ocean bright yellow handsome green light elegant red powder aristocratic family white world gray world gold house Chinese

Previous Chapter Next Chapter Advertisement

Author’s: Fantasy | Oriental fantasy | Upgrade | Cultivation | Hot blood | Shuang Shuang | Beauty | Queen Palace | Martial God | Elegant | Ambiguous | Pills | Silent Rogue | Arrogant Pill God | More Please remember the name of this site: Golden House Primordial Pill God Super God Restricted Area

Chen Xiang had always thought that the God of Fortune was actually like that. Because the ice dragon was enslaved by the God of Fortune, the image he got from the God of Fortune was extremely bad.

"Ninth Martial Uncle, you came so late. Is there anything you want to tell us?" Wang Jinshi was usually very enthusiastic, so if he asked for their help, they wouldn’t refuse.

Wang Jinshi said, "My team only has 12 people left, I hope you guys can join!" "My team lost the most ..."

Wang Jinshi sighed sadly. Originally, there were dozens of them, but now there were only 12 left. She had experienced this many times over the years, so she had already let it go.

"This..." Xiao Chou said with some difficulty: "Old Tai is the disciple of Master Uncle and I am also the disciple of Fat Master. It wouldn’t be good for me to join your team!"

"Don’t worry about that. Their team has more people than me, so they won’t mind." Wang Jinshi said, "If the two of you join, I’ll find a way to get you a set of good Divine Equipment as soon as possible. We’ll attack the Hell’s Shrine three months from now!"

Tai Qiang said, "As long as Master doesn’t object, I have no objections."

Xiao Chou also nodded.

Wang Jinshi looked at Chen Xiang, "What about you?"

"It doesn’t matter. As for the matter regarding the Divine Equipment ... Leave it to me! They are my two good friends, and I will help them deal with them. " Chen Xiang asked: "When we were leaving earlier, did the matter of exchanging our points for a Divine Weapons weapon still hold?"

When they mentioned this, Xiao Chou and Tai Qiang’s eyes lit up. They knew that Chen Xiang had used that method to get a lot of Black Crystals, but he had gotten so many.

"Of course, many disciples are waiting in line at the shrine now. How many do you have?" Wang Jinshi asked. Although she saw Chen Xiang knock down over a hundred thousand demons, she did not know that he had used his spatial energy to store the crystals into a treasure.

Chen Xiang scratched his face and said: "It should be more than a hundred thousand kilograms. I have never weighed the specifics!"

Chen Xiang actually managed to get over a hundred thousand kilograms, that was over a million points, it was enough to get him a Superior Grade Divine Weapon.

"There are roughly one hundred forty thousand pieces of black crystal and a hundred fifty thousand kilograms of black crystal." Chen Xiang quickly counted the black crystals stored in the ring before speaking again.

Wang Jinshi exclaimed, "Then those hundred thousand monsters that instantly fell were all taken away by you?"

When she thought about how Chen Xiang had mastered the spatial energy, Wang Jinshi was not that surprised anymore. She realized that she had still underestimated Chen Xiang.

"Ninth Martial Aunt, the Devil Slayer Divine Hall has suffered a great loss. Would Brother Shen be unable to exchange them for divine artifacts?" Tai Qiang still couldn’t believe that Chen Xiang got so many black crystals. That was much more than the ten great warlord squads combined.

Wang Jinshi replied, "Don’t worry, our Exorcist God Hall will not go back on our words. Chen Xiang killed so many demons and this is a huge contribution, even if he did not manage to obtain so many crystals, Master has already planned to reward him."

"This can be exchanged for a high-grade divine tool and two mid-grade divine tools. Does our Devil Slayer Divine Hall really have that many good divine weapons?" Chen Xiang was worried that his demands would be too high, making it difficult for him to enter the Devil Slayer Temple.

Wang Jinshi said with a smile, "Since Master has declared war on the Temple, he must use all of his power. When that happens, senior brother will definitely appear, and he will be Master’s first batch of disciples. He has always been very mysterious and powerful!"

Thinking about those ten mysterious disciples, Chen Xiang and the other two became even more confident.

"Let’s go. Let’s go to the Devil Slayer Temple and give your black crystals to Master. He needs them." Wang Jinshi said.

Chen Xiang followed Wang Jinshi to the Devil Slayer Divine Palace and sat in the same room as the Devil Slayer God. Ren Tianyong, Yuan Baibing and a few other disciples were there.

"There’s a total of 140,000 jin. You alone managed to get so much, causing the Demon Emperor to lose so many of these monsters. It should be enough to make his heart ache for a while." The Devil Slayer God looked at Chen Xiang with great comfort. "You haven’t learned the Devil Slayer Divine Art yet, but when you deal with these evil beings, you are this impressive. I am not mistaken about you!"

Ren Tianyong and the others secretly curled their lips. They all knew that the Devil Slayer Divine Art that Chen Xiang learned was precisely that darn seven moves of the Devil Slayer Clan. Back then, they had all learned them many years ago, and couldn’t even learn half a move.

"What godly weapon do you want? Just say it directly! " The Devil Slayer came to Chen Xiang’s side and lovingly caressed Chen Xiang’s head.

"A high-grade divine sword, then a mid-grade great scissor, a middle-grade spear or even a longspear." The Superior Grade Divine Sword was what Chen Xiang wanted, the scissors and spear were from Tai Qiang and Xiao Chou.

The body of the sword was a bit rusty, and it looked a bit old. It didn’t have that threatening aura either, as though it was an extremely ancient item.

"Master... This sword is too terrible! " Yuan Baibing was a Refiner, he immediately determined that this was not a good divine sword, "Although it is a Superior Grade Divine Weapon, it is too ancient, and the divine spirit inside is too weak."

Devil Slayer chuckled twice. "Little soldier, which set of Divine Armor is the most stiff on you? Take it out and try it out. "

Yuan Baibing curled his lips and said: "Master, you’re so amazing, even using a tree branch can pierce through my divine armor, what more this thing."

The Devil Slayer laughed, "I let Chen Xiang stab me, that should be fine, right? Don’t you have confidence in your own divine armor? The divine sword in my hand is an old relic. If you’re even afraid of this, then the divine armor that you’re refining would be mediocre! "

Yuan Baibing was provoked, and shouted: "Who’s afraid of who, come!"

He took out a black, round shield and placed it on the ground. "This is the best mid-grade Divine Shield I have. Even if it’s a Superior Grade Divine Weapon, if the person using it didn’t have a brush, it would still be difficult to damage this shield."

The Devil Slayer God gave the ancient sword to Chen Xiang and said with a smile, "Just cut off the edge as long as he doesn’t hate me." ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Seeing that the Devil Slayer God was so confident, Chen Xiang was a little unsure. This ancient looking sword, when used against this godly shield, could it really cut through iron like mud?

The sword’s hilt was a little cold. He slightly activated his divine power, wanting to pour the divine power into the divine sword, but it seemed to be blocked by something, so he was unable to pour it into the sword. Clang!

"Don’t use divine power!" "There’s a threshold to using this sword," the Fiendgod said. "Not just anyone can easily inject divine power into it. Even a few of them might not be able to do so."

"I don’t believe it!" Wang Jinshi looked unconvinced.

Ren Tianyong, the fifth brother and the tenth sister also thought that they could do it.

The Devil Slayer patted Chen Xiang’s shoulders, "First cut off a bit of the edge of this Divine Shield, then let them try it out. This group of brats are getting more and more arrogant, hehe ..."

Chen Xiang held the Divine Sword, and lightly scraped at the side of the Divine Shield. Just this wave of the Divine Sword caused Yuan Baibing’s eyeballs to almost pop out, making him completely confident that the Divine Shield was just like other people who shaved, and with a light stroke, got a layer off.

Chen Xiang was also stunned, he never thought that the sword would actually be so powerful, it must have a huge history!

"Hehe, you must be scared!" "Give this sword to Little Shi. Let her try and see if she can inject her divine power into it."

Yuan Baibing withdrew his Divine Shield in a daze. It seemed that he had a lot of questions to ask, but he held it back.

Chen Xiang handed the God Sword over to Wang Jinshi, and Wang Jinshi immediately transferred her Super profound God level God Power into it. After that, she frowned, and her body continued to release the God Power.

"I really can’t!" Wang Jinshi tried it for a moment, her beautiful face turning red, she handed the sword over to Yuan Baibing.

After Yuan Baibing received it, he carefully observed it carefully. After all, it was able to easily cut off a layer of his Divine Shield’s skin, so he naturally wanted to carefully look at it, but he couldn’t really see anything, because this sword hid many important things inside, while the outside was very simple and concise, making it hard to see how it was made.

"No way!" Yuan Baibing shook his head, he too, tried for a while.

After that, Ren Tianyong, the fat fifth brother and the tenth brother tried it all, but no one was able to send their divine power in.

"Master, I admit that this is a good sword, but you give it to Chen Xiang, whether or not it will harm him, and I cannot channel divine power into the sword. Yuan Baibing said.

Wang Jinshi also nodded. Her father was the God of Swords, she had practiced the sword since she was young and many sword techniques required godly powers to coordinate with her.

"Chen Xiang, if you feel that it’s not appropriate, I can help you change it again. The Devil Slayer looked at Chen Xiang with a smile.

Chen Xiang received the ancient sword, and asked: "This sword should have some sort of history, what is its name?"

Seems like Chen Xiang had already decided to take it, this made Ren Tianyong and the others puzzled, although the sword was powerful, it was not practical at all!

Ren Tianyong said: "Chen Xiang, although this sword is sharp, when fighting with others, other people would have divine power to protect themselves, this sword has no divine power to support it, it is difficult to break through other people’s divine power defense, it is not useful!"

"Yeah, but I really like this sword. Although I can’t channel divine power into it right now, I might be able to step over this threshold by refining it every day." When Chen Xiang received the sword, he already liked it a lot.

"This sword doesn’t have a name. I picked it up from a place in the past."

"So it’s like that!" Yuan Baibing said: "Is that place called Super God Restricted Area?"

"Right. That place has many of these things. When you become Empyrean Gods in the future, it would be best for you to go there and gain some experience." Devil slaying god sat down and said with a long sigh, "Super God Restricted Area isn’t that dangerous for an Empyrean God. As long as one’s luck isn’t too bad, one can survive after entering."

"In the future, when you become Empyrean Gods, your first trial will be to the Super God Restricted Area."

When Chen Xiang saw that Wang Jinshi and the rest did not say a word with a serious face, he knew that Super God Restricted Area was a damned place.