Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Legends said that the first batch of disciples in Devil-killing Heavenly God had ten, and now only ten. As for whether there were any other disciples, maybe only the Devil-killing Heavenly God knew.

"You are the old senior brothers." Ren Tianyong immediately stood up and bowed to the old seniors.

"Ren Tianyong, actually, you have seen me many times, it’s just that you did not recognize me." A short-haired man smiled. His smile was a bit stiff. It seemed that he didn’t like to smile, and he gave people a strange feeling. First of all, he didn’t have any aura on him, giving people a very blurred feeling.

Devil-killing Heavenly God said, "These two are my sons, the one with short hair is the eldest son and the one with long hair is the second son.

After the four disciples introduced themselves, Chen Xiang and the others only knew their names, and did not understand them at all.

The eldest son of the Devil-killing Heavenly God was called Zu Chao and the second son was called Zu Ming. Their wives were also disciples of the Devil-killing Heavenly God, and they grew up together, so they seemed to have some background. Otherwise, they wouldn’t be the first batch of disciples in the Devil-killing Heavenly God.

Zu Ming’s wife called herself Old Third, named Liang Yunling. She was pretty, but gave off a gentle feeling, just that she did not like to talk.

Right now, Ren Tianyong and the others were certain that the first batch of disciples in Devil-killing Heavenly God only had four people, and that was these two couples in front of them.

The purpose of the competition is not to let our beloved disciples fight and fight, but to improve and to find their own inadequacies in the competition. This is because there are very few opportunities and the rules set by the all divine palaces are extremely binding, so it is impossible for everyone to understand their own strength.

Penalty Heavenly God did not immediately announce the rules. Instead, he first told everyone that during the competition, it was better to end it there and then.

However, judging from the postures of the various divine halls, they would definitely not act in such a manner. They glared at each other with murderous intent, as if they were ready to fight to the death at any moment.

After the all divine palaces was established, even if the various halls had conflicts with each other, they wouldn’t be able to settle them by using extreme methods, because they would have to pay a huge price. For example, to declare war, they would normally have to declare war three times consecutively, and each time, they would need a lot of divine money, and they might not even be able to beat the other.

If a war were to break out in private, there would be many shrines that would attack them.

Therefore, all the grudges and grudges that they had accumulated over the years would be settled through their own outstanding disciples of the Radiant Temple. All the Empyrean Gods felt that this was their true goal.

"Master, you guys should have already competed once before. At that time, haven’t the senior apprentice-brothers participated yet?" Ren Tianyong asked.

"No, at that time, they were in the second batch, so for the sake of the final victory, I had no choice but to send them out. Last time, although our Devil-killing Divine Palace’s rankings were not very bad, I felt very uncomfortable." The Devil-killing Heavenly God said.

This first batch of disciples was actually making an appearance publicly for the first time, making Chen Xiang even more confident that they would win.

"Right now, I am not worried about them, but you little brats. Bring out your strongest strengths and you must win, otherwise, my Supreme Flame Pill will be given to the God of Fortune. When that time comes, I will definitely punish you twice as harshly." Devil-killing Heavenly God threatened.

Xiao Chou muttered: "Do we really look that weak?"

The fat five touched Xiao Chou’s bald head and laughed: "We look very weak, that’s a good thing, haha."

Penalty Heavenly God did not announce the rules, but had his men take out a giant monument, and placed it in the middle of the wide fighting arena below.

The giant monument lit up with red light, revealing the name of the shrine.

"If you win, then it’s a point. After all the matches are over, the one with the highest score will also be the first. Only the first will be rewarded." The Penalty Heavenly God said.

This rule was only known to the old gods. Although Ren Tianyong and the others were very old, they were still too young for the history of the Gods Realm’s divine hall.

"The content of the competition is very comprehensive. There are pills, duels, weapons, formations, these four main themes. Pills are pills, a battle, a battle, a battle for equipment forging, a battle for formations, a battle for formations." 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

and the others thought that it was just a simple duel.

"This is a test for individuals, and there is even a group battle for the overall aspect. This is also a test with many points. After the individual competition is over, I will announce it again."

Devil-killing Heavenly God frowned and whispered: "There are so many tricks, looks like it is not beneficial for us."

Yuan Baibing said: "Master, I’m good at refining, but I’m concocting pills."

Ren Tianyong and the others immediately looked towards Zu Chao and the others, only to see them shaking their heads.

"Master, I only know how to refine divine pills. I don’t know if that’s possible." Yao Shuang said.

"This will depend on the rules. If not, then let’s not participate in the Pill Refining Competition. It’s fine to lose a single point." Devil-killing Heavenly God nodded.

"I know how to concoct pills as well. Currently, I can only concoct low-grade saint pills. If the conditions allow, I would like to try my luck as well." If it was just a competition to refine a low grade saint pill, he was confident that he would win.

Chen Xiang and the others did not know about the matter of refining the Holy Pellet. Chen Xiang was only a lower True God, but to have such a level of cultivation was already considered not bad.

Yao Shuang was a god. Although she didn’t focus on pill concocting, she knew that it wasn’t easy to concoct a sacred pill.

The Penalty Heavenly God continued to announce the rules, and said: "The first round of the competition is to refine pills. Each shrine only allows the dispatch of five Alchemist s.

"Our Devil-killing Divine Palace’s good Alchemist are all hiding away, we won’t be able to find them even after a while. Are we really going to waste this opportunity to score points?" Devil-killing Heavenly God sighed with regret.

"How do you get first place? Do you want to refine some divine pills?" An Empyrean God asked loudly.

There weren’t many divine pill refiners, and none of them were restricted by the shrine. They were usually very adept at contacting the divine pill refiners, but it was impossible for them to compete with the divine pill refiners.

"Just concocting a Holy Pellet would be fine, it would be fine even if it is a low, medium, or high quality pellet. Now, all Alchemist s of the various halls are invited to enter." The Penalty Heavenly God replied.

Devil-killing Heavenly God looked at Chen Xiang and Yao Shuang and said, "You guys go ahead. Refining pills is not your specialty after all.

With Devil-killing Heavenly God’s words, Chen Xiang and the others were at ease. From the expressions of Zu Chao and the others, they could tell that they too, were afraid of being punished by the Devil-killing Heavenly God.