Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The first part of the Devil-killing Divine Palace was taken by Chen Xiang, and he even suppressed the other outstanding Dan Saint Title s of the other halls. This made the Devil-killing Heavenly God even happier, and he sneered at the other Dan Saint Title s of the Great Hall.

Although he was not his disciple, Chen Xiang was still a disciple of his Devil-killing Divine Palace. Even if he were to leave the Devil-killing Divine Palace in the future, he would definitely not sever his relationship with the Devil-killing Divine Palace.

"Don’t be too complacent. We only got one point. There’s still a lot of competition left." The God of Fortune laughed coldly, it seemed like he did not care about it, but seeing that the Devil-killing Heavenly God had such a great potential, he was jealous.

As long as Chen Xiang could become the Pill God in the future, he would definitely protect Devil-killing Divine Palace. To the God of Fortune, the threat of the Devil-killing Divine Palace would be even greater.

Although the relationship between Wealth Divine Palace and himself was not that bad, it had never been very good. Furthermore, the God of Fortune was secretly colluding with the Hell Devil Emperor, causing the latter to be even more unhappy.

"In the second round of the competition, the main point of the competition is to quickly refine Divine Weapons. After the competition, there’s still a test of the strength of Divine Weapons." Penalty Heavenly God’s voice silenced the entire audience.

Chen Xiang and the others looked at Yuan Baibing. Only Yuan Baibing was an expert in smithing, and he relied on smithing to become the wealthier War God in the Devil-killing Divine Palace.

"Little soldier, you must win. If you lose, hmph, all of you will be punished." Devil-killing Heavenly God laughed sinisterly and looked at Ren Tianyong and the others.

"If you lose and drag us down with you, don’t blame us when the time comes." Ren Tianyong patted Yuan Baibing’s shoulder and said, "Do your best."

Zu Chao and the other disciples from the first batch also had grave expressions on their faces because they would also be punished.

This gave Yuan Baibing a lot of pressure. If he lost, his junior and junior brothers would definitely be implicated by him, and at that time, he would definitely not have a good ending.

Yuan Baibing smiled indifferently: "Don’t worry, I will definitely get the second score."

The arena was already filled with all sorts of refining materials. These were all used to refine divine artifacts, and what kind of divine artifacts were to be forged was also a rule.

"Each shrine can only send one refiner. Let’s go up." Penalty Heavenly God shouted. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Yuan Baibing walked to the arena. There were a total of two hundred refiners with him, and some of the divine halls had given up. It was obvious that they did not want to make a fool of themselves.

"You will be divided into two groups. One group will be refining divine weapons, the other will be refining protective gear, such as armor or shields, and the measure of one’s tolerance will be selecting the refiners who will be the fastest in each batch, allowing them to refine their divine weapons and defensive gear to attack each other."

"If one side is damaged, then one side is defeated. If neither side is damaged, or if both sides are damaged, then there will be no victors in this round’s competition."

The Devil-killing Heavenly God snorted: "This rule is a little deceitful."

"Everyone, you can begin receiving your materials now. After I announce this, you can begin. You only have ten days."

The refiners all went to get the materials for the refining process. All of them were average quality, only capable of refining slightly decent low-grade divine tools. If the refiners were skilled enough, the divine tools they refined would be comparable to medium-grade weapons.

Yuan Baibing was divided into the Divine Weapon Refining Group and the Attacking Group. He took out the furnace and placed the materials inside.

Although there was a huge difference between refining and refining pills, there were many steps to it.

"Second brother, what is it that you want to refine? If it were me, I would forge a hammer." The fat fifth brother said.

"He specializes in making swords and sabers. It seems like he is here to make divine sabers. These materials are enough for him to make a good low-grade divine sabre. If he sells it, he can sell it for thirty to forty thousand dollars." Ren Tianyong said.

"It’s so easy to earn money. It’s much faster than refining pills." Chen Xiang exclaimed. He had also heard that good divine tools had a huge market.

Zu Chao said: "That is what I said, but it is not easy to sell it. The refining industry is much easier than refining pills, so God Equipment are sold everywhere and if you buy them back, they can be used for a long time."

Wang Jinshi nodded his head: "In the second brother’s shop, there are many things that have been on sale for a long time that cannot be sold."

"Begin." Penalty Heavenly God suddenly shouted, and the refiners immediately released their flames and began smelting the materials.

The refining process was the same as the refining process, it was also extremely complicated and required time. In Chen Xiang’s eyes, refining pills was much more complicated than refining pills, because in order to memorize a large number of Spirit grain, he had to integrate and organize the various combinations of Spirit grain, producing a better effect.

In addition, there were other areas that required attention, such as the special refining techniques needed to absorb divine power, as well as the control of strength.

Chen Xiang had refined them before, but he did not use many Spirit grain s to refine them. If he wanted to refine a Divine Weapon, it would not be that easy.

Previously, when he combined the refining methods with pill refining, it was to draw Spirit grain on the pill. Pills were the energy source and with some special Spirit grain, he could release a very strong power. Later on, when he grasped the Heavenly Alchemy, he did not continue researching in this area.

However, he now planned to put in great effort in this aspect. He decided to name this pill "Soldier Pill". Like those divine talismans, it had great offensive power and could be used as a weapon in the first round.

Refining a Divine Talisman was difficult and expensive, but Chen Xiang needed these kind of things to protect himself, so he had already made this plan in his mind long ago.

After seven days, Yuan Baibing successfully refined a black divine blade. It looked very ordinary, but it was done in a hurry, as long as he could ensure enough strength, otherwise, as long as there were other blacksmiths who completed it faster than him, he would be punished.

The Divine Weapon refiners all shook their heads and sighed, because they saw that the Divine Blade in Yuan Baibing’s hand was very ordinary. Moreover, the Divine Weapons they refined themselves were pretty good, but because Yuan Baibing was fast, they didn’t have the chance to display it.

Therefore, this rule was somewhat tricky. However, it could also be considered a rather harsh test. To refine the strongest divine weapon in the shortest amount of time, one had to have a solid foundation.

Very quickly, the batch that was refining the defensive equipment had already come to an end. It was the Wealth Divine Palace’s refiner who had refined a golden shield, and it looked much better than Yuan Baibing’s.

"Now, let me test them. Give me the shield and blade." Penalty Heavenly God opened up his hands and sucked the blade and shield over, colliding with it in the air.

Peng, after a muffled bang, the black blade often pierced through the golden shield.

"Devil-killing Divine Palace has obtained victory in this competition, extra points."

After the Penalty Heavenly God announced the results, Yuan Baibing heaved a sigh of relief. The disciples of the Devil-killing Divine Palace were the same.