Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The Devil-killing Divine Palace was already far ahead of them, the other god gods were all feeling uncomfortable, but there was nothing they could do. Although the Devil-killing Divine Palace was poor, the disciples they could cultivate were indeed not bad.

However, the Devil-killing Heavenly God did not let Yuan Baibing go, but rather let him go. This was his second son.

"Senior brother is proficient in array dao, then refining must also be very powerful." Yuan Baibing was a little surprised. Why did the Devil-killing Heavenly God not send Zu Ming up there?

Zu Ming said: "I am only proficient in array dao, and do not know anything about artifact forging, so I am not interested in it. Rest assured, I will definitely win, I will definitely not let you guys suffer the punishment."

Zu Ming was the son of the Devil-killing Heavenly God, as well as the mysterious first batch of disciples. He did not have any aura on him, and gave off a very mysterious feeling to others, so they did not know how strong he was.

For the Devil-killing Heavenly God to send Zu Ming out, it meant that he had a very good understanding of Zu Ming’s array dao techniques.

The alchemy, refining, and setting up of arrays were just for show, and in the following matches, they would be the focus of attention. At that time, many disciples would come out to fight, and they would also get many points.

"As long as you set up a small formation, the main function of the formation is defense. After you set up the formation, place a rock inside and as long as it is not destroyed, you will be awarded one point." The Penalty Heavenly God said.

The Devil-killing Heavenly God was a little dissatisfied and shouted, "How can this be?

Penalty Heavenly God ignored him and announced the start of the competition. There were two matches in a row, in which Devil-killing Divine Palace obtained first place and the other halls obtained zero points. That was why he made this decision at the last moment.

"This bastard." Devil-killing Heavenly God was a little angry and snorted.

"You only have three days to set up the formation. When the time comes, I will release a force to attack your formation. As long as the stone in your formation is not destroyed, the shrine you’re staying in will receive a point." The Penalty Heavenly God floated in the air.

The array wasn’t very large, but if it was too small, it would be difficult to display the full strength of the array.

These array masters were currently using their own divine powers to inscribe Spirit grain s, and they also needed to construct an energy source, one that was also condensed from their own divine powers.

The formation that Zu Ming had set up was only the size of a washbasin, but compared to the others, the formation that he had set up was extremely small.

Three days passed in the blink of an eye. There were many people who hadn’t prepared well, but after sensing the pressure from the sky, they had no choice but to withdraw from the arena.

This power was released by the Penalty Heavenly God, and many of the formation stones below were shattered, leaving only a dozen or so undamaged, showing that these formation arrays were able to withstand trials.

Deities Temples that were able to set up these kind of formations were all fairly powerful Deities Temples, of course Zu Ming’s array formation was one of them. Other than that, there were also Hell Divine Palace s, Fire Divine Palace s, Wealth Divine Palace s, and other Deities.

In this way, the pill, formation, and equipment were all finished. The following matches would also result in him gaining many points.

"The next battle is also what everyone is looking forward to the most." The Penalty Heavenly God was also the same, because in the battles later on, they could also see the great battle between the Gods, the disciples of many Deities Templar.

"They are divided into three levels: Empyrean God, profound God, and True God."

Forget about the God of Heaven, even if the profound God were to fight, the noise would be extremely loud.

Seeing that everyone was worried, Penalty Heavenly God said, "This arena can withstand the attacks of the gods, do not underestimate all divine palaces."

Only the junior generation were worried. Those old gods knew how much effort the all divine palaces had put into building this place.

"There is a time limit for the competition here. If the victor is not decided within the specified time, then the points will not be obtained. It can be considered a tie and only victory can be scored."

"First, the Empyrean Gods battle. Each temple will send four Empyrean Gods into the arena to engage in a chaotic battle. This hourglass is over, and those still lying on the ground will be eliminated. The remaining Empyrean Gods will enter the next round."

The hourglass wasn’t very large; it probably only lasted for a single meal. It wasn’t too long, and very few Empyrean Gods would be able to be knocked down in such a short period of time. Empyrean Gods were very powerful creatures, after all.

"Zu Chao, you husband and wife go. Zu Ming, Yun Ling, you two stay here and watch." Devil-killing Heavenly God’s face turned serious, this was a huge battle, if he went too far, it would mean that he had the advantage, and at that time, the Penalty Heavenly God might even make trouble for him.

That hourglass was too short. It was impossible for so many Empyrean Gods to fall in such a short period of time.

Chen Xiang had originally thought that a great war between gods would happen, but who knew that only fifty or sixty of them were going to happen?

There were three hundred Deities Templar, and each Deities Templar had four spots. However, so few Deities were present right now.

"There was only one Wealth Divine Palace who went there, and many shrines were filled with one god after another." Ren Tianyong observed for a while and was a little confused. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Wang Jinshi asked: "Master, why did the Great Temples only send one god?"

Devil-killing Heavenly God said: "Because Penalty Heavenly God will have other means later, great chaos is not an ordinary war, did you see that? Penalty Heavenly God did not float to the sky, which means, he will also participate in the battle later because he is also a god."

The was definitely a Upper Heavenly God, and might even be the kind that was close to becoming a Supreme God. The disciples of the various divine gods were definitely not as powerful as him.

"It doesn’t matter even if you send a little more god over. If both of our Devil-killing Divine Palace’s gods resist, then we will have a chance of obtaining two points." Yuan Baibing said.

Devil-killing Heavenly God said in a low voice: "Look at the God of Heaven that Wealth Divine Palace, Fire Divine Palace and the War God Shrine have sent out, all of them are the weakest, Wealth Divine Palace did not send out his four disciples, it is clear that they do not plan to send anyone else, you might not know about Penalty Heavenly God’s temperament, but many old God knows, as long as Penalty Heavenly God makes a move, nothing will go unscathed, even the disciples of the old God of Heaven will find it hard to resist."

Zu Ming was even more confused: "Then why did you send Big Brother out."

"Zu Chao and his wife are very strong and can block it. You just need to watch. Zu Chao and Shuang’er will definitely be able to block it." Devil-killing Heavenly God was very confident.

Chen Xiang was confused. Didn’t they say that it was a chaotic battle, and now it looked like the Penalty Heavenly God was testing these young gods.

"It’s about to begin. All of you should disperse." Penalty Heavenly God was expressionless. He was currently standing in the middle of the arena, the hourglass in his hands was already floating in the air using his divine power.

"Begin." When Penalty Heavenly God shouted, the hourglass flipped and began to leak its way through.

Seeing the attitude of the Penalty Heavenly God, it was indeed just as the Devil-killing Heavenly God had said. The Penalty Heavenly God had also joined the battle.

When Zu Chao and Yao Shuang saw that the Penalty Heavenly God’s Qi was not right, they were shocked and immediately sent a sound transmission to him. At the same time, the Penalty Heavenly God had already made his move, and with a roar, streams of purple lightning appeared in the battle arena.

In just a few blinks of an eye, more than ten Demigods had been knocked down to the ground, their bodies charred and smoking by the violet lightning.

The lightning was in the arena, and the arena was enveloped by the array formation. Chen Xiang was unable to judge how strong the lightning was from the array formation, but he was sure that it was powerful, if not for that the lower gods would not have died instantly.

"This Penalty Heavenly God is indeed powerful. Is this the strength of the God of Heaven in the God of Heaven Palace? Are the God of Fortune and the Fire God so powerful?" Chen Xiang saw that the battle arena was filled with lightning and thunder, while half of the gods had already fallen.

The great war did not happen, but rather, the Penalty Heavenly God fought against seventy or so Empyrean Gods.

Originally, Chen Xiang thought that the time inside the hourglass was too short, but at this moment, it was extremely difficult for Zu Chao and the others to endure.

"Penalty Heavenly God is still the same as always. I wanted to abuse these juniors a bit, but that old devil slayer didn’t let his wits go, and actually let his son suffer a little." The God of Fortune smiled, "There are many matches that can be scored, there is no need for us to lose here."

This was also the reason why the God of Fortune and the other Empyrean Gods did not send out their outstanding disciples.

"Shuang’er, use the God Slaying Profound Cold Technique." Zu Chao said to Yao Shuang with a serious face.

The God Slaying Profound Cold Technique, the skills used by the Devil-killing Divine Palace, didn’t they all start with the Devil Slayer?

The spectators were all shocked. Just by hearing the name, one could tell that it was a very powerful technique.

"I’m not only going to exterminate the devil. I will also go and deal with that despicable God." Devil-killing Heavenly God laughed coldly: "This Penalty Heavenly God might not be able to do as you wish today."

Penalty Heavenly God waved his hand and controlled a bolt of lightning as thick as a water jar towards Yao Shuang. When it struck down, it produced a deafening loud sound, it was extremely tyrannical.

Yao Shuang didn’t avoid it, but a faint golden fog appeared around her body. Her white dress was covered in thin ice and the cold air was thick. The purple lightning struck her body but did not injure her.

If it had been any other Empyrean God, they would have fallen by now.

"I’ll hold him. You deal with the others." Zu Chao had disappeared, but her voice still echoed in the arena.

"The ground."

Chen Xiang saw a white light suddenly appear on the ground of the Penalty Heavenly God. The white light seemed to have a suction force, absorbing all the purple lightning that the Penalty Heavenly God released, guiding the lightning to strike onto the Penalty Heavenly God’s body.

Penalty Heavenly God was tall and sturdy, at this moment he was struck by countless of sudden purple lightning bolts, making him look even more mighty. These were purple lightning bolts he had released, of course they could not harm him.

"Law of Light, hmph." Penalty Heavenly God stomped his foot hard, causing the entire arena to tremble violently, and the white light Zu Chao turned into scattered.

The gods who were struck by her jade palm would be frozen and unable to move. After that, Zu Chao would lead the purple lightning to strike the gods who were frozen to death.

Penalty Heavenly God continued to summon lightning to attack Yao Shuang and Zu Chao, but Zu Chao was able to control the lightning.

"Lightning is also light. I have the Law of Light, so I can freely control it." Zu Chao had disappeared without a trace at this time, and had already merged into the light.