This kind of shocking strength made the Hell Devil Emperor secretly worry. The first batch of disciples of the Devil-killing Heavenly God had arrogantly made an appearance, and it seemed that the Devil-killing Heavenly God was doing this on purpose to intimidate the divine halls that wanted to ally with the Hell Divine Palace.

It was not easy to defeat the Penalty Heavenly God, but as long as they could delay it, it would be fine, because the time of the hourglass was not very long, as long as the sand was emptied, it would be considered as a victory.

This was originally a competition that the Penalty Heavenly God had fought, but who would have thought that it would now be the time for Zu Chao and his wife to display their powers?

The power of frost released by Yao Shuang was extremely tyrannical. Many Empyrean Gods who were sealed in ice didn’t even have time to react before they were struck by the laws of light and were guided by the lightning released by the Penalty Heavenly God by Zu Chao.

Therefore, both Yao Shuang and Zu Chao did not use much power.

Before long, the other Empyrean Gods had already been struck unconscious by Penalty Heavenly God’s Violent Lightning. The disparity between an Infernal Realm God and a Upper Heavenly God was so great, even though they were both Empyrean Gods.

Right now, there was only Penalty Heavenly God and Zu Chao’s wife on the fighting stage, the Penalty Heavenly God was constantly releasing lightning and thunder, even though he already knew that Zu Chao could control the lightning that he released, he still did it.

Yao Shuang and Zu Chao secretly transmitted their voices to each other at any time. With the two of them working together, even the Penalty Heavenly God would find it difficult to defeat them in a short period of time.

"Hmph." Penalty Heavenly God suddenly snorted, his voice resonating in all directions, a sound wave that could be seen with the naked eye appeared in the battle arena and rippling outwards.

Yao Shuang had just released a formless wave of Divine Cold Energy, but when she approached the Penalty Heavenly God, she was actually blasted away by the strange sound waves.

Zu Chao was still nowhere to be seen. At the moment, the sunlight was extremely intense, and Zu Chao, who had merged with his light Rule spiritual bead, was able to freely use the power of the laws of light.

"Boundless light." Zu Chao’s voice transmitted outwards. The scorching sun in the sky seemed to be enraged, as it radiated with even more intense rays of light. The temperature of the surrounding area frantically rose.

The light only shone on the arena, but the spectators were all extremely excited. Thankfully, there were Deities Templar’s Empyrean Gods who were using their divine powers to protect their disciples. Otherwise, the weak True Gods would not be able to withstand the light and might be melted.

This kind of intense light not only produced a very scorching power, but it also caused the eyes to burn with an incomparable pain. Everyone present was quite strong, otherwise, the sudden appearance of that light might have blinded them.

The most amazing thing was that the high temperature produced by this light could directly melt away divine power.

Zu Chao was currently hidden within the strong light. Even if Penalty Heavenly God used his divine power to sense his position, it would still be difficult for him to do so, because his divine power would be melted away by the strong light while within Zu Chao’s light domain.

The strong light continued to shine for a short while before suddenly disappearing. Zu Chao had already appeared in front of the Penalty Heavenly God, while Yao Shuang was behind him. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

"Do we really have to seriously fight?"

Zu Chao clenched his fists as though he was holding onto two little suns, they overflowed with sunshine, with flames shooting out of his eyes, just his posture made people feel that he was extremely powerful.

Penalty Heavenly God did not reply, but golden cold ice had already appeared under his feet, and it spread to his knees in a blink of an eye.

The golden colored ice looked extremely terrifying, the air mist that gushed out was like flames dancing in the air, the surrounding of Penalty Heavenly God’s feet were covered in this golden colored ice, continuously emitting this cold air that resembled dancing flames, causing Penalty Heavenly God to look as though he was standing in the midst of this flame.

Many of the god had already seen that Zu Chao and Yao Shuang were not easy to deal with.

"When the time is up, Devil-killing Divine Palace will obtain two points." After Penalty Heavenly God finished speaking, his body flashed with a white light and the golden ice beneath his feet suddenly disappeared. Not even a trace of the fog remained.

However, in order to fight, Penalty Heavenly God had to fight one on two, and it was even a battle against a husband and wife who had great mutual understanding. Even if they could win the battle, it would definitely take a very long time.

The sand in the hourglass had leaked out completely, and the only ones who could still stand were Yao Shuang and Zu Chao. This way, the Devil-killing Divine Palace had already gotten five points, which was far ahead of the rest of the shrines.

Zu Chao and Yao Shuang laughed at each other, then disappeared in a flash and reappeared behind Devil-killing Heavenly God.

The Devil-killing Heavenly God sneered at the God of Fortune. The God of Fortune had a hundred billion bet between them, but the Devil-killing Divine Palace was already leading by a lot, and the God of Fortune was a bit anxious. Losing a hundred billion was a small matter for him, so losing face was not good.

"If he sends out his four great disciples, he might be able to hold on until the end. It seems like he doesn’t have much confidence in his own disciples." The Devil-killing Heavenly God said this to Ren Tianyong and the others, purposely speaking loudly so that the God of Fortune could hear him.

The fight between the Gods had already ended, because only the Devil-killing Divine Palace’s disciples could stand at the very end, there was no competition at all between the Devil-killing Divine Palace, and so the Devil-killing Divine Palace had directly obtained the victory of the heaven’s competition.

Next was the profound God’s competition.

"The competition at the profound God will now begin. The various shrines are invited to send out three disciples with the strength of profound God into the arena."

The rules have not been announced yet. If every temple sends three profound God s, they will be considered close to a thousand profound God s. If they were to fight in the arena together, it would definitely be chaotic.

"Tian Yong, Little Jun, Fatty Wu, I won’t say anything threatening when the three of you go up. You are all aware of the consequences of losing." Devil-killing Heavenly God laughed. He was currently in a good mood and did not use his sinister look to threaten them.

Ren Tianyong and the other two’s hearts were heavy. They could even get points if they went ahead to compete, so even if they weren’t under the pressure of being punished, they would still be under a lot of pressure right now ...

Soon enough, around a thousand profound God s appeared on the arena. There were a few other small and medium-sized divine halls, but the ones sent out weren’t very powerful, as most of them were lower or middle ranked profound God s. Only those powerful divine halls sent out profound God s with wargod names.

"Not only are the profound God s of the Great Temple wargods, they are also level five wargods." Tai Qiang said, "The Level 5 War God’s assessment is the limit of the profound God, right? Only by becoming a god can one have enough strength to conduct the Level 6 War God’s examination."

Chen Xiang asked, "What if it’s a Stage Nine Martial Immortal?"

Xiao Chou looked at Devil-killing Heavenly God and said, "Main Heavenly God is a Stage Nine Martial Immortal."

"It’s not that difficult. I passed it once. I heard that the Fire God only passed it twice." Devil-killing Heavenly God casually said, "There are only a few nine segments, I am one of them. Hehe."

"So powerful." Chen Xiang looked at Zu Chao and the others, and asked: What about the other few senior brothers?

They can barely make it to 8 Duan, they haven’t even passed the exam. When the competition is over, I’ll make them take a wargod tablet and it’ll take a lot of money to take the wargod exam. If we can win the God of Fortune, then we’ll have 100 billion dollars. Devil-killing Heavenly God looked happy as if he had already won.

"Master, do we have a share?" Wang Jinshi asked: "100 billion is a huge amount, even Master would not be able to spend all of it."

Devil-killing Heavenly God laughed, "When the time comes, I will reward you with ten million gold. You all have to be clear that I am the one who made the wager. Without the Supreme Flame Pill, would the God of Fortune be willing to use 100 billion to make the bet?"

"We get ten million each?" It’s only ten million, but it’s a lot.

"No, you guys split the ten million."

"So petty." Wang Jinshi whispered.

"I did this for your own good. All these years, I have been deliberately making all of you poor, aren’t you guys also very powerful? The God of Fortune is very rich, but how many points did his disciple get?" Don’t think too much about that hundred billion. "

Although Zu Chao and the others did not speak, they secretly despised the Devil-killing Heavenly God. He was actually so stingy, and they were already used to it.

Penalty Heavenly God began to announce the rules. He took out a basket of round beads and shouted, "There are one hundred round beads inside. As long as you can get them before the hourglass ends, you can stay in the arena."

After saying that, the Penalty Heavenly God threw out his strength, and a basket of round beads fell on the stage. Hundreds of figures jumped up from the ground, and rushed towards the round beads.

At the same time, chaotic battles broke out. The scene was extremely chaotic, and explosions rang out without end. All types of divine force flew out, and all types of colors flourished with brilliance.

"Bastard, the bead has been broken."

"This is mine."

"It’s mine now ..."

In order to snatch the bead, a large number of profound God had used their strongest power to obtain the bead’s defense, so the other profound God could not snatch it away.

Ren Tianyong, Yuan Baibing and the fat fifth brother, they had all already gotten their hands on the bead, and these fellows didn’t just take one, but a few.

Many profound God s wanted to attack them, but the fat fifth brother released a strange gray energy that formed a vortex and surrounded the three of them.

A profound God wanted to stab in with his sword, but when he realized that the energy was strange, it was already too late. His entire arm was sucked into the vortex, and then shattered into pieces.

The fat fifth brother was an expert in this kind of strange and violent energy. If he wanted to attack this profound God, which was a cyclone, he would have to bleed if he did not have the slightest bit of strength.

However, these profound God were definitely not stupid enough to fight with Ren Tianyong and the others, who were powerful profound God. If they had this kind of skill, of course they would go and snatch away those weak profound God.

After the hourglass was used up, only thirty-seven profound God s would be able to get the bead.

There were originally one hundred round beads, but who would have known that these round beads were very weak? They had destroyed a lot during the fight to steal them, and what made many profound God angry was that Ren Tianyong and the other two had taken more than twenty round beads.

The rules also did not specify how many beads each profound God could take away, so those profound God s were helpless against them.