Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

To Devil-killing Divine Palace, being able to snatch that black stone orb was a great thing, because the Devil-killing Divine Palace’s Devil-killing magic kungfu could restrain the Hell Divine Palace.

Even so, Hell Divine Palace would not give up on the black stone orb in his hand right now, if not, in the eyes of outsiders, they would be afraid of Devil-killing Divine Palace.

Ren Tianyong waved the divine sword in his hands outside, crazily attacking the profound God s who wanted to snatch the black stone orb. In just a few moments, a large amount of fresh blood flew out from within the group of profound God s.

Ren Tianyong looked like an elegant scholar, but at the moment, his sword techniques were very ruthless, his sword was bleeding hard, causing the other profound God s to not dare to approach, and only attack from afar.

"Again." Ren Tianyong saw all sorts of divine powers flying over from all directions, and shouted coldly. All of a sudden, eight divine swords of all colors and sizes appeared beside him, all of them were divine swords that he had meticulously collected over the years.

In addition, his own sword, which had nine in total, quickly circled around him, forming a astral sword Qi barrier, blocking all the divine powers attacking him from afar.

After the first wave of attacks, Ren Tianyong suddenly roared, and nine divine swords flew out.

"Devil Slayer Nine Sword Formation."

In the blink of an eye, it had penetrated the bodies of a few profound God s. The nine swords’ trajectory converged into a Array, surrounding over twenty profound God s, and then with a flash of the Array, countless sword rain appeared, covering the entire sword formation.

The profound God inside the sword formation had countless sword scars on their bodies in the blink of an eye, and some of them were even riddled with bloody holes. Although these profound God were protected by Divine Armor, Ren Tianyong’s had made the Nine Sword Formation extremely overbearing, and with the addition of the nine Divine Swords, even Divine Armors would find it difficult to resist.

There were also Super profound God amongst these profound God, but compared to Ren Tianyong, the disparity between them was too great. Among them, one was a profound God of the Wealth Divine Palace, with over a dozen bloody holes on his body.

The profound God s who went to snatch the Hell Divine Palace, all heaved a sigh of relief inwardly. If they were still fighting over there, then maybe they would be the same as the profound God s.

"When the time is up, both Hell Divine Palace and Devil-killing Divine Palace will stay behind and the rest will leave." Penalty Heavenly God’s voice was like thunder, suddenly, the sand in the hourglass had already leaked out.

The fat five threw the black stone orb to Ren Tianyong and then left the arena with Yuan Baibing. Ren Tianyong’s strength was greater than theirs, so it was only right for Ren Tianyong to stay.

The arena was currently covered in blood, and a strong stench of blood floated around. There were also broken limbs all over the ground, which Ren Tianyong had just used the Nine Divine Sword Technique to create. It was hard to imagine that this elegant man dressed in white would actually be able to do such a thing.

The injured profound God had already been taken away, and there were only two profound God on the arena.

Ren Tianyong had already put away his other divine swords and only took out one. If he was only going to take care of one profound God, that would be enough.

"Boss, did you get serious just now?" Wang Jinshi stuck out his tongue, "This is a very rare sight."

"Of course, if we don’t be more serious and he loses, we will all be in trouble." The fat fifth brother laughed: "Being with boss is usually pretty easy, this point is also ours, there’s no suspense at all for Hell Divine Palace."

The profound God on the Hell Divine Palace’s side was covered in an evil aura. If it was a weaker profound God, they would have been intimidated by it, but right now, the profound God was facing Ren Tianyong, the Demon Destroyer Aura on his body was aimed at restraining this kind of cultivation of evil energy.

"Are you sure you want to fight? There are no rules that prevent people from killing. In other words, if you get killed by me here, I won’t be held responsible." Ren Tianyong said indifferently.

"Why must you remind me that your Devil-killing Divine Palace really wants to kill me?" The Hell Divine Palace asked.

"We don’t want to kill you because it will dirty our hands. We don’t want to kill you because we don’t want to kill you for joy. It’s just that you guys always sneak around and do some heartless things."

If Ren Tianyong wanted to kill them, he could have killed them just now. He did not even harm the foundations of the profound God, he only destroyed their bodies and taught them a lesson.

If it was a bloodthirsty individual with such a powerful strength, he definitely wouldn’t have survived when snatching the black stone orb just now.

"Begin." Just as Penalty Heavenly God shouted, that Hell Divine Palace immediately shouted out: "I admit defeat."

Just because Ren Tianyong was merciful just now, did not mean that he would do so now. profound God did not want to die, even if it would cause him to lose face, it would be more important for him to stay alive.

In this round of competition, Ren Tianyong won another point for Devil-killing Divine Palace.

The Devil-killing Divine Palace divided into six, leading the battle even more, and at the same time, the God of Fortune started to worry, because over the years, the Wealth Divine Palace and the Devil-killing Divine Palace did not have any conflicts, furthermore, they knew too much about the Devil-killing Divine Palace’s strength, so they all thought that the Devil-killing Divine Palace was strong because of the Devil-killing magic kungfu, which was a way to counter the Evil Demons. The disciples of the Devil-killing Divine Palace had been attacking the Evil Demons all year round, so they rarely fought against the other shrines.

This caused the other shrines to think that the Devil-killing Divine Palace was only against the Demons. Compared to their own shrines, they were just average. Adding to the fact that the Devil-killing Divine Palace was relatively poor, it made them look down on them even more.

But now, the Devil-killing Divine Palace had left Wealth Divine Palace far behind.

"Serves him right. We didn’t send the most powerful ones out at the beginning." Devil-killing Heavenly God was very proud, this way, after the competition, he could very likely get first place.

Next was a battle between two true Gods. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Each shrine sends two True Gods." Penalty Heavenly God shouted.

Devil-killing Heavenly God looked at Chen Xiang and the other two. After thinking for a long while, he shook his head: "I don’t really understand you three, it would be better if any of you go up."

Tai Qiang said: "Let them be the masters and disciples, they work well together, and they understand each other, and they are very strong."

Chen Xiang was Xiao Chou’s master, and the fat fifth brother was his second master. Xiao Chou had already explained it to the fat fifth brother already.

The Devil-killing Heavenly God patted Xiao Chou’s head and laughed: "You have the blood of the Herculean God in you, so you shouldn’t disappoint me. For this first round of individual competition, only you guys have a chance, don’t lose, if not, hehe ... I won’t say much more.

To be able to compete with Chen Xiang, Xiao Chou was pretty happy. He walked into the arena with Chen Xiang while giggling.

The fact that the Devil-killing Divine Palace had sent Chen Xiang, who had just entered the Gods Realm, had attracted the attention of many people. Although Chen Xiang was in the alchemy shop, it was hard to say his actual strength.