Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"He actually did not send Yang Yan out. Could Yang Yan already be a profound God?" Chen Xiang also did not look at Yang Yan, worried that the God of Fortune would discover his relationship with him.

Just then, profound God had three slots, to the point that there were only two True Gods. He didn’t know how the rules were set, but True Gods should have more slots because there were many outstanding True Gods in the various halls.

Penalty Heavenly God took out many beads. Looking at these beads, he knew that this time, he too had to snatch the beads, in order to enter the next round. It was the same as the previous round’s competition.

Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to Xiao Chou: "This rule seems to have been set by the Penalty Heavenly God, it’s not easy to guess this guy’s thoughts, let’s pay attention to one thing."

"There are only a hundred of them. If you can get them, you can enter the next round." After Penalty Heavenly God finished shouting, he turned the hourglass and threw out the hundred beads.

Hundreds of pearls floated in the air, and under the light of his eyes, they emitted waves of sparkling and translucent multicolored light. At this moment, hundreds of figures had already flown up to the sky, but only Chen Xiang and Xiao Chou stood on the ground without moving.

Chen Xiang gave a slight smile as the power of space emerged from his body. After locking onto the hundred beads, he used the spatial extraction technique to instantly move the hundred beads to his side.

He had already sent a sound transmission to Xiao Chou just now, telling him to stay put and leave it to him.

Those True Gods who were about to grab the bead suddenly disappeared.

"It’s with Chen Xiang, quickly." The Empyrean Gods outside the arena were all frantically shouting.

What Chen Xiang was using was the power of space, which surprised many god. This kind of precise use of spatial energy, even a profound God like Ren Tianyong was unable to do it, but Chen Xiang was able to do it because he had obviously mastered the power of spatial laws.

Chen Xiang and Xiao Chou each grabbed a round bead, while the rest were burnt to ashes by Chen Xiang’s fire.

"This ..."

Those True Gods who rushed over to Chen Xiang’s side were all stunned, because those beads were all burnt by Chen Xiang. In other words, only two spots could enter the next round.

"In other words, we can at least get a point. Haha, if there really is that kid, then there’s no need to go through all that trouble. After we’re done with all of this, we should do it this way." The Devil-killing Heavenly God laughed.

Although there were only two round beads left, as long as they got them, they could still stay here. Therefore, the other True Gods charged forward without a care for their own safety.

"Brat, it’s fine as long as you run now. Protect your bead." Chen Xiang stepped on the Shrinking step, and like a ghost, he started to chase after the True Gods that were chasing him.

Although Chen Xiang could fight, he didn’t want to waste his strength. On the other hand, Xiao Chou was different.

"It’s too easy to win." Chen Xiang secretly smiled as he looked at the hourglass.

Not long after, all the sand in the hourglass was emptied, and the Penalty Heavenly God declared the conclusion. The True Gods looked at Chen Xiang and Chen Xiang hatefully and left the stage.

"The next step is to snatch the black pearl, right?" Xiao Chou laughed.

Penalty Heavenly God coldly said: "No, it is just a competition. Although only your Devil-killing Divine Palace is left, but in order to test your fighting strength, one of you must fight."

Chen Xiang knew that this Penalty Heavenly God would definitely change the rules at the last minute.

"One of you." The Penalty Heavenly God said.

Xiao Chou consciously left the stage. Although he felt that he was a little stronger than Chen Xiang, but if he was facing against many special situations, he wouldn’t be as good as Chen Xiang.

"In that case, you will find a True God of equal strength to fight with me, right?" Chen Xiang looked around, but did not see anyone enter.

Penalty Heavenly God’s cold smile gave Chen Xiang a bad premonition.

"It’s not a fight between a true god and you, it’s this." Penalty Heavenly God opened his palm and a small cage appeared in his palm. There was a standing savage beast inside the cage.

"This guy, to actually let Chen Xiang deal with beasts, this is a famous profound horn divine beast. Even if it’s a Upper True God, if they weren’t careful, they would still have been killed." Devil-killing Heavenly God frowned: "This bastard Penalty Heavenly God, always the same. He always likes to make things difficult for others."

Penalty Heavenly God crushed the cage, and the beastman inside suddenly grew larger, and appeared in front of Chen Xiang. It was taller than him by a few heads, had a brown fur on its head, muscular and powerful, and its lower body was of the beast-type. It had a huge, powerful, and full of thorns tail, and on top of its head was a sharp, sword-like horn.

The divine beast let out a low growl as two horns similar to the ones on its head suddenly appeared in its palm. It looked like two swords, and was quite sharp.

"In the beginning, there’s no time limit. Beat him until he wins." When the Penalty Heavenly God shouted, the Profound Horn Divine Beast rushed over with a speed as fast as lightning. In the blink of an eye, it was already in front of Chen Xiang, and the horn on his head had pierced through his body.

This frightened the whole audience into silence, as Chen Xiang was actually pierced.

Of course not, it was just an illusion of Chen Xiang. He used this move frequently, and although his opponent’s speed was extremely fast, he could still dodge it.

"It’s that ancient sword." Wang Jinshi shouted lightly: "We cannot use our divine power on this ancient sword, even though it’s very sharp, it’s completely useless in his current situation."

"Dad, I didn’t think that you would actually give him this sword. Although this sword is not bad, it doesn’t suit him at all." Zu Chao said.

"Master, in order to win, you should have told him not to use this sword."

Devil-killing Heavenly God laughed: "You guys don’t understand Chen Xiang, I don’t either, but I do believe that he is definitely not an idiot, if he takes out this sword, he definitely has his own thoughts."

Chen Xiang named it the God Slaughtering Sword. Although he was still unable to infuse his divine power into the ancient sword, as he had just learned the first move of the Seven devil-slain kungfu, he did not need to use his divine power. Instead, he was using the changes in his body, allowing his physical body to use the energy cleverly and produce an endless amount of strange power.

The black horned beast realised that it had only pierced through a shadow, while the real Chen Xiang was behind it, he fiercely twisted his body and rushed forward, this time not only using the sharp horn on his head, but also the long horned sword in his hands, thrusting towards Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang raised the God Slaughtering Sword in his hand, the profound horn divine beast had already charged over, but then, a very strange change suddenly occurred.

Chen Xiang did not slash, he had even suddenly teleported behind the black horned beast.

There were still many tiny fragments falling from the ground. Those were the horns of the Black Horned Divine Beast, and they had all been turned into pieces.

This was the result of Chen Xiang’s attack, but no one saw it. Even the divine gods in the shrine saw it.

Chen Xiang swung his sword, and it became like this in the next moment. That process should last a while, no matter how fast it was, he could still see some traces of it, but there was not even a trace of his Qi left, the process seemed to never happen.

It had actually appeared, but because the time and power of the first style of the Seven devil-slain kungfu that Chen Xiang used was altered and the time and power were fused together in such a chaotic fashion, the time and energy in the process was different from the time outside. This was the power of the Time Code, and during that period of time, it existed within Chen Xiang’s time line, but it wasn’t, however, in other people’s time line, which was why he couldn’t see it.

The most excited one was the Devil-killing Heavenly God, and only he was clear of what was going on, because he knew this move as well. He never would have thought that Chen Xiang was able to grasp the changes in time and power in such a short amount of time, which was the basis for the introduction of Seven devil-slain kungfu.

"It’s the Seven devil-slain kungfu." Penalty Heavenly God was shocked, he knew that the Seven devil-slain kungfu was his trump card.

"How many years has it been since I’ve seen this move? I never thought that the next time I saw it, it wasn’t done by an old devil slayer, but by a little kid who had just entered the Gods Realm." The God of Fortune who was originally sitting down stood up and stared at Chen Xiang.

Only the disciples of the Devil-killing Divine Palace knew the most about how difficult it was to learn and master the Seven devil-slain kungfu, especially the first group of disciples, which only consisted of Zu Chao and the other three.

Although it was just the most basic, it was something that they could not learn. Chen Xiang had only learned for a short period of time, and he had already mastered it. This kind of comprehension ability, even the Devil-killing Heavenly God who established the Seven devil-slain kungfu could not compare to him.

"You win, Devil-killing Divine Palace will get one point." Penalty Heavenly God hurriedly stored away his profound horn divine beast, he knew that the ancient sword in Chen Xiang’s hands was not ordinary, if this continued, his profound horn divine beast would definitely die.

Chen Xiang still hadn’t had enough, yet he had already won. He felt a little helpless in his heart, but it was good as long as he could win.

"The changes in strength and time, the rigidity and gentleness of my body ... these can be considered as four types of changes that I have grasped, but speed and slowness can also be considered two types. So, just how many types of changes have I grasped?" It was hard to tell for Chen Xiang, so he decided to ask the Devil-killing Heavenly God.

After returning, the Devil-killing Heavenly God excitedly pressed down on his shoulder and excitedly said: "Good boy, how did you learn this? I never thought that my Seven devil-slain kungfu could actually be passed on."

"This... "Actually, I just managed to grasp a bit of it." Chen Xiang scratched his head and laughed, he had already mastered most of the first form.

"Don’t be modest, we have already wasted a lot of time on the Seven devil-slain kungfu. However, not long after you obtained the Seven devil-slain kungfu, you have already grasped it a little. This can be considered to be extremely rare." Ren Tianyong said.

Seeing Chen Xiang wanting to ask something, the Devil-killing Heavenly God patted his head: "Let’s talk about it when we return.

Devil-killing Divine Palace got another 1 point, which was already 7 points. If he wanted to catch up, he could only look at the following group battle. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Let’s head back to the shrine first and rest for three days. After that, the battlefield will be changed." The Penalty Heavenly God said.

Everyone had been here for many days now, and they were all somewhat annoyed. It would be best if they could go back now.