Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 182 - Heavenly Sun Fire Spirit

After considering for a good while, while at the same time he had discussed with Su Meiyou and Bai Youyou, Chen Xiang was contemplating if he should expose some of his confidential secrets and let this highly proud giant lion take a look.

“Do you want to make a business deal with me? I need to take a look whether or not it’s worthwhile for me to reveal my confidential secrets to you!” Chen Xiang asked. This was what Bai Youyou suggested. If Chen Xiang could get some benefits from this Ancient Fire Beast, he shouldn’t be afraid to reveal a few of his secrets.

“Heavenly Sun Fire Spirit! If you can make this deity see hope in you, I’ll grant you the Heavenly Sun Fire Spirit which will allow your growth rate to be much faster!” The Ancient Fire Beast proudly said.

Heavenly Sun Fire Spirit! Hearing these four words, Long Xueyi, Bai Youyou, and Su Meiyao could not help but gasp for a mouthful of air.

Fire Spirits were already rare. They were also divided into various different levels. Generally, a Fire Spirit rank was discriminated from its color. It started from red to orange, yellow, green, azure, blue, and finally purple. This way they were divided from low to high, red being the lowest and purple the highest. For instance, Wu Qianqian’s Blue Star Fire Spirit could be considered a good Fire Spirit as well as a high rank one! Meanwhile, Elder Dan’s Purple Moon Fire Spirit belonged to a higher class!

However, the Heavenly Sun Fire Spirit has to be even better than these Fire Spirits. Although this Fire Spirit’s color appeared to be the same as an ordinary red flame, it was also the most primaeval flame. It was the flame of myriad things, transcending above the Purple Moon Fire Spirit!

Generally speaking, all Fire Spirits were bred inside stars. These types of Fire Spirits were the most common, and the Scorching Sun possessed the most powerful presence among these stars!

"Worth it!" Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou simultaneously shouted, Long Xueyi also clasped her small fists while watching Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang came to learn about the formidability of Heavenly Sun Fire Spirit from Su Meiyao and Baiyou just a moment ago, which made him extremely excited. He had always wanted to have a Fire Spirit, with its help, alchemy would become easier! One must know, just relying on the Brilliant Flame Dragon Furnace, Chen Xiang was able refine dans much faster than others. While Elder Dan, even without this kind of alchemical furnace, was able to refined dans faster, she mainly had to rely on the strength of her Fire Spirit to refine dans faster.

Chen Xiang took a long deep breath and relaxed his body. Immediately after, a hazy Tai Chi Yin Yang Diagram appeared above his head. It was hard to tell if it was real or just illusionary, the Tai Chi Ying Yang Diagram was guarded by five solemn and serene divine beasts.

“The Yin and Yang Divine Vein! This is the [Tai Chi Subduing Dragon Exercise]?” The Ancient Fire Beast’s voice was filled with surprise. As he looked at that translucent Tai Chi Yin Yang Diagram above Chen Xiang’s heads, flames fiercely gushed out from those large eyes.

At this time, Chen Xiang also took out a giant blade and poured his Azure Dragon True Qi into it. Immediately after, a dazzling azure aura burst out from the blade, a lifelike Azure Dragon suddenly appeared at the center of the blade, emitting majestic dragon roars one after another.

“The Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade!” The Ancient Fire Beast was once again taken aback by surprise.

Chen Xiang retracted the Tai Chi Yin Yang Diagram back into his dantian. When required, he could release it again. He dismissively said, “Is this enough? I also have a contract with this little girl, she will follow me for quite some time!”

The Ancient Fire Beast suddenly started continuously roaring. It was so loud that Chen Xiang’s ear drums started aching. Soon after, the Ancient Fire Beast then broke into insane laughter while muttering, “This Deity will very soon be able to go out, Hahaha...”

Chen Xiang pursed his lips, sat down, and covered his ears. Long Xueyi was holding Chen Xiang’s leg. With a disgusted expression in her eyes, she looked at that suddenly insane giant lion. She was a dragon carrying imperial blood, naturally she would not be afraid of such things. However, the sudden insane roar made her feel very disgusted. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"Don’t shout, you give that Heavenly Sun Fire Spirit to Chen Xiang, then we will discuss further!" Long Xueyi tenderly shouted.

"Do you know how strong I need to be in order to release you?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Around Nirvana Fifth Tribulation or so should be enough! According to this deity’s estimation, in five thousand years, you should be able to reach that level!” The Ancient Fire Beast spoke with excitement. Five thousand years in his eyes was unexpectedly quick, this fact made the corner of Chen Xiang’s mouth slightly twitch.

Nirvana Nine Tribulations, after crossing each tribulation, one’s power would increasing in multiple folds. The number of tribulations the individual had crossed was a confidential secret of many Nirvana Realm martial artists. For instance, many people didn’t know how many Nirvana Tribulations all the major Deans had crossed. Both Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou were also unable to tell. However, Chen Xiang knew the two sisters were definitely more formidable than the Deans of the True Martial Sect and Beast Martial Sect.

There was also that Great Senior Brother that Chen Xiang had never met before, the last term’s Extreme Martial Sect’s Dean. After crossing the Nine Tribulations, he had ascended to the Heavenly Realms. Under the circumstance where one had crossed all nine Nirvana Tribulations, every single one of them would automatically ascend to the Heavenly Realm, whether they want to or not.

Elder Dan and the other tycoons of the Extreme Martial Sect, Liu Menger, the Empress of the Divine Weapon Heavenly Empire were all considered eternal tycoons. However, they had still not ascended to the Heavenly Realms, it was perfectly evident from this just how difficult passing each Nirvana Realm Tribulation was.

"So, do we need to sign a contract or something?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It’s not required, this deity will inject my own consciousness into the Heavenly Sun Fire Spirit when I give it to you. If you don’t come back here in five thousand years, the Heavenly Sun Fire Spirit will disappear! This deity believes that you will definitely be fascinated by the Heavenly Sun Fire Spirit, although it is not the most powerful Fire Spirit." The Ancient Fire Beast replied.

Chen Xiang could not help but be surprised. If the Heavenly Sun Fire Spirit was not the most powerful, then which Fire Spirit could be considered the strongest? At this time, he saw the Ancient Fire Beast open its jaws as a tiny fireball gradually floated out. It looked like a miniature sun.

“The fusion with this Fire Spirit will be very painful. However, this is the most desirable thing by mankind, you have to endure frail human!” As the voice of the Ancient Fire Beast fell, the tiny fireball flew over and disappeared into Chen Xiang’s body.

Chen Xiang suddenly emitted a fierce roar. He personally saw Wu Qianqian fusing with the Blue Fire Spirit, and that painful scene was still vivid in his mind. However, it was one thing to witness something, and another to personally experience it. At this time, he was rolling and howling on the ground in pain.

Chen Xiang felt his body was being tightly squeezed between two red hot iron sheets. The scorching heat penetrated through his skin and entered his body, raging inside him as if it wanted to eradicate him into ashes.

“Hold on! Operate the [Vermillion Bird Divine Exercise]!” Su Meiyao hastily shouted. At this time, both she and Bai Youyou were very tense. If Chen Xiang was able to successfully fuse with the Heavenly Sun Fire Spirit, he would undoubtedly become extremely powerful. Regarding the field of alchemy, that did not even need to be mentioned!

After Chen Xiang operated the [Vermillion Bird Divine Exercise], the scorching hot power madly surged into the Vermillion Bird beast form inside his dantian. Simultaneously, he also operated the [Tai Chi Subduing Dragon Exercise], accelerating the refinement of the power surging into his body, and essentially accelerating the fusion of the Heavenly Sun Fire Spirit.

Three days and nights passed, Chen Xiang had been constantly rolling and howling on the ground. His throat was almost worn out from shouting. At this time, his cries became softer and softer, the pain was gradually being reduced. He just felt his entire body from head to toe, including his blood, contained a very powerful and intense hot energy, which would allow him to release powerful flames whenever he wished. These flames were nothing like the Vermillion Bird flames he previously cultivated, it was a exponentially more formidable than before.

The Heavenly Sun Fire Spirit had already fused into Chen Xiang’s body, and fused into his soul. It had already became an inseparable part of his body, and even fused together with the Shinto Infant Soul inside his consciousness. Although he experienced a lifelong unforgettable pain, it allowed him to obtain tremendous benefits.

Chen Xiang looked at the Vermillion Bird beast form, and saw ten true element grains exuding bright white light to his surprise. He had always been mainly cultivating the true element grains of the Azure Dragon, he had no expected that the ten grains from the Vermillion Bird beast form would be illuminated first. This meant, that while he was fusing the Heavenly Sun Fire Spirit, he obtained a large amount of Fire Attributed True Qi which was all compressed inside the Vermillion Bird beast form!

A translated work of Xianxiaworld