In front of him was a mountain range shrouded in dense fog. Wang Jinshi took out the jade tablet with the map drawn on it, and said: "The closest bead is inside here, so it should be the most dangerous place within."

Chen Xiang said in a somewhat depressed manner: "My strength is so weak, I can’t even help much by coming here, and I’m dragging you down as well."

If the space here wasn’t sealed, Chen Xiang wouldn’t be able to help much, but he would at least not be a burden to Wang Jinshi.

"Alright, stop blaming yourself. Although you won’t be able to play any role, you can stay with me. Also, maybe Master brought you here to broaden your horizons." Wang Jinshi gently caressed Chen Xiang’s head, as if he was comforting a child. This made Wang Jinshi smile even more sweetly.

The more Wang Jinshi said this, the more Chen Xiang felt apologetic in his heart. This was the first time he felt that he was a burden, even though it was understandable.

"Leave everything to me. I’ve passed the level four wargod trial, even if it’s me alone I can easily deal with it." Wang Jinshi looked ahead. Although she was smiling mischievously, she was on guard against all four sides.

This is not a War God trial, but a competition that has lasted for a million years. Although that all divine palaces Palace Master said it was easy, I do not believe his lies. Chen Xiang said.

Just as the flying discs entered the dense fog, Wang Jinshi stood up, his brows knitted tightly: "Be careful, I feel that there are many terrifying things hidden inside."

Chen Xiang immediately became vigilant, looked around silently, and released his soul.

Wang Jinshi who was originally laughing and talking suddenly became so serious, he knew that the situation here was not normal.

Long Xueyi sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang, "Don’t you think that the power of spatial laws can help you make another breakthrough? You have already come to the Gods Realm, the space here was originally different from the one in the Nine Heaven World, and there are also many large scale Divine City here that have super divine formations that seal spaces. Your spatial laws are too weak, they are basically useless here."

"I think it’s time for you to try breaking through to the Space Laws. Now is a good time."

Chen Xiang looked at Wang Jinshi’s back figure. Now, he could only trust Wang Jinshi to protect him. In this kind of place, even if he wanted to escape, it would be useless.

He had fused with the spatial Rule spiritual bead, but only because of the laws of space was he able to use the spatial energy to break through the limitations of space.

As for the specific usage of spatial energy, he needed to comprehend it on his own before he could break through more restrictions.

Chen Xiang began to comprehend the spatial laws. He felt that his body was a little cold and he immediately understood that Wang Jinshi had used her innate ability to freeze him, as if she was protecting him.

"The power of this innate technique should be the strongest power she has. Now that it’s being used to protect me, a lot of her power will be weakened." Chen Xiang, who was sealed in ice, felt his surroundings tremble. It was obvious that Wang Jinshi was engaged in battle.

"She’s fighting with a few guys. Your senior sister is indeed very strong. The guys she’s facing are all much stronger than the ones we met back then, but she can handle them herself." Long Xueyi never thought that Wang Jinshi would be so strong.

Wang Jinshi was currently being besieged outside, and there was no one who could help him right now. It could be said that it was more dangerous, while Chen Xiang was being frozen.

Chen Xiang, who was initially very anxious, suddenly quieted down. He knew very well that the more he panicked, the more useless it was. What he needed to do now was to calm down quickly and properly comprehend the power of the spatial laws.

"The restrictions here are somewhat similar to those in the Divine Prison, they also have a layer of Time Formation s added to disrupt the balance of time and space here. The spatial energy that I use, uses time on the outside, so coming to this place where time is disturbed, coupled with the fact that space is sealed, it is difficult for me to unleash my spatial energy."

"If I want to break through this seal, I must master the Time Laws like the Azure Dragon."

"Looks like I can only try using the time changes in the Seven devil-slain kungfu. I’ll also try using the time in the Heavenly Alchemy to see if there’s any breakthrough in the grasp of time."

Chen Xiang already had a general idea of what was happening. He did not need to control time, nor did he need to use time energy. As long as he could understand the laws of time circulation where he resided, he could coordinate with his spatial energy and circulate the spatial energy around him, allowing him to break through space.

"I also need to increase the power of my Space Laws. This place should be a joint arrangement by the god of the shrine. My Space Law is too weak. Even if I can control the flow of time here, using the power of the Space Law won’t be able to break through the shackles of space."

Chen Xiang calmed his heart down and began to combine the Heavenly Alchemy and the Seven devil-slain kungfu to familiarize himself with the time here. As long as he could capture the chaotic time movements here, it was possible for him to combine the spatial energy to break the spatial seal here.

Chen Xiang, who was immersed in comprehension, did not notice the flow of time. Even the disturbance from outside could not wake him up.

Chen Xiang only felt that he was lying in darkness, but there were a lot of floating black ribbons of energy beneath his body. He couldn’t see them, but he could feel them.

"Even though I have fused with the spatial Rule spiritual bead, I have never been able to understand what kind of power is spatial energy. It is just a rule that allows me to break through space at will, using spatial energy to carry out unnatural spatial transformations, such as taking things out from space, teleporting things in the air, but is this really the true way of using spatial energy?"

"It should be, but it isn’t everything that I use the power of space. There should be a lot of space waiting for me to explore."

The frozen Chen Xiang, in the process of comprehending, had already gradually gained some clarity. Unknowingly, the power of the spatial laws he used had already become stronger.

"How is it?" Chen Xiang suddenly woke up. As for whether he could break through the spatial seal, he was not very sure. He just wanted to give it a try.

"You’ve slept for more than ten days, and this woman has been carrying you everywhere. She’s fought everywhere, and she’s already killed dozens of groups of villains, and she’s still fighting outside. She hasn’t even rested yet, and the power of a level four wargod is truly terrifying. She should be able to become a god soon." Long Xueyi said: "She should be able to go to the Level Five Martial Immortal’s training field."

"How are you? It looks like you’re in good shape. You should have gotten something."

Chen Xiang had indeed obtained some benefits, but he didn’t know how it would turn out right now. He wanted to give it a try, and when he found out that Wang Jinshi had been trying for more than ten days and couldn’t even make it through, he felt really bad.

He used the Heaven tour method and his divine power covered the entire area, quickly finding Wang Jinshi. She was currently using her already weakened divine power to fight against the five red-robed elders. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"Senior sister, let me try, if I can’t move you to my side, when you feel my Spatial Force, don’t resist it. If you succeed, then quickly withdraw the power that sealed me and I will use Spatial Force to take you away."

Wang Jinshi had just heard Chen Xiang’s sound transmission, and she immediately sensed Chen Xiang’s spatial energy. This made her extremely happy.

Chen Xiang never thought that he would actually succeed, with a thought, Wang Jinshi appeared by his side.

Wang Jinshi immediately withdrew his innate ability, Chen Xiang anxiously pulled her back and teleported, at the same time releasing a Space Domain, allowing him and Wang Jinshi to produce an alternate power in the air. Although they were still walking around in the space, it had nothing to do with the space.

This way, their auras would be completely concealed and would not be discovered.

If it was outside, Chen Xiang would be able to do it easily, but in the Divine Prison and in this place, it was impossible for him to do it.

"Senior sister, you must be tired." Chen Xiang saw that Wang Jinshi was drenched in sweat and her face was pale white.

"Not bad. You sure are powerful. In this sort of sealed space, you were able to break through the seal. My master once said that even an Empyrean God would find it hard to do so." Wang Jinshi could finally take a breath of relief. After taking out a pill and eating it, her beautiful face finally recovered a bit of color.

"Even if I can’t, I still have to. How could I bear to see a beauty sacrifice her life in order to protect me?" Chen Xiang laughed, "Now that we are safe, we can directly take away those pearls. There are still seventeen days left right?

Wang Jinshi also felt very safe inside Chen Xiang’s Space Domain. Only she and Chen Xiang were in the teleportation space, so even if they were talking loudly here, as long as they were outside the domain, they would not be able to hear anything, unless Chen Xiang controlled his voice to be heard.

"Senior Sister, I have another idea." Chen Xiang laughed craftily: "The villains here are all from profound God, and they are quite strong as well. "Hehe, you know what I mean."

"No, those fellows have imprints inside their Divine Deity. Those imprints were left behind by the Penalty Heavenly God. If you manage to obtain those Divine Deity, the Penalty Heavenly God will definitely track you down." Wang Jinshi hurriedly shook his head: "That’s why I didn’t dare to take the Divine Deity when I came here to train, otherwise I would have been thrown into the Divine Prison."

"Don’t worry, when the time comes, I’ll use a spatial barrier to wrap up the Divine Deity so that he won’t be able to track us. Right now, even if Hell Devil Emperor were to give me the Tracing mantra, I wouldn’t be afraid of being caught by him. Chen Xiang was very confident in this. He said in a low voice, "Senior Sister, if you want to get your father out of the Divine Prison, a large amount of divine money is required."

Wang Jinshi nodded his head, "Little madman, I’m going all out this time. I’ll go crazy with you once, get those pearls, then we’ll go hunt for Divine Deity."