Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

But Wang Jinshi felt that it was not so, because during the battle, the three profound God s did not use the Fire Divine Palace’s cultivation methods at all, and did not even use the power of fire.

"Huo Liao, Huo Lie, it really is you two brothers. Although you two have disguised yourselves, I recognize you two." Just as Wang Jinshi said this, a flaming long blade appeared in the hands of the two brothers and hacked towards Chen Xiang and Wang Jinshi.

Wang Jinshi had thought that Chen Xiang would teleport and bring her away, but he did not, it was obvious that something unexpected happened, but she still quickly reacted, using her own ability to release an ice wall, in the nick of time, to block the two blades.

Her innate divine ability could form very solid layers of ice, but the ice wall had already been split open.

"What’s wrong?" Wang Jinshi asked quickly.

"I don’t know. My teleportation failed." Chen Xiang’s face turned ugly, it was okay before, but now it is not.

Seeing Chen Xiang’s change in expression, Huo Liao sneered: "Brat, your Spatial Force is rather strong, but we were already prepared for it."

Wang Jinshi suddenly understood that the three villains who had lost their Divine Deity must have come here to set up some array. Huo Liao and Huo Lie had long been lying in ambush here.

"You guys are really despicable. Huo Liao, Huo Lie, you two are famous War Gods." Wang Jinshi scolded angrily, she had already sealed Chen Xiang with her life ability.

Wang Jinshi had to face an enormous pressure from facing these two powerful stage five wargods. Chen Xiang was even more worried, and at the same time, he was staring at Huo Lie and Huo Liao with anger.

"Zhong Gao Shan, you must have done it. Just you wait." Chen Xiang was furious to the extreme, it was impossible for Penalty Heavenly God to leak out the location of those beads. As the hall master of the all divine palaces, Zhong Gao Shan could definitely get this information out of Penalty Heavenly God.

Since the Penalty Heavenly God didn’t pay attention to this place, then it must be because Zhong Gaoshan purposely distracted the Penalty Heavenly God’s attention so that the Fire Divine Palace could make a move.

Wang Jinshi used his Smoke sword and fought with Huo Liao Huo Lie not too far away. Through the layer of ice, Chen Xiang could clearly see that Wang Jinshi had already been madly hacked several times, with blood continuously flowing out.

"I won’t lend you my power. I will forcibly break the spatial seal set up by those two fellows." Long Xueyi said: "If you don’t save your senior sister, she will die."

After Long Xueyi finished speaking, Chen Xiang immediately felt a familiar yet somewhat unfamiliar power surge into his body.

This kind of feeling made Chen Xiang feel an indescribable beauty. It was the first time that he felt the power within his Supreme god bone being stimulated, causing the strength of his body and soul to surge explosively by multiple times.

"Xue Yi, how did you become so strong?" Chen Xiang reckoned that Long Xueyi’s strength had already reached the profound God Realm.

"Hmph, I possess a Supreme Dragon blood. Don’t look down on me, especially since I have just awakened a little of the memories of the Primordial Era." Long Xueyi urged her: "Hurry up and go save your senior sister."

was already heavily injured and one of her arms had almost been chopped off. She had used her own innate ability to protect Chen Xiang and could not use her full strength, so Huo Liao and Huo Lie knew that if they did not kill Wang Jinshi, it would be difficult for them to break through his innate ability. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Wang Jinshi was severely injured, and stood on the ground. Her vision was blurry, and her entire face was covered in blood, her originally beautiful face was currently haggard and haggard. She panted, and her beautiful eyes were currently filled with endless anger as she looked at Huo Liao and Huo Lie who were in front of her.

"Chen Xiang, I’m sorry. Senior Sister cannot protect you ..." Wang Jinshi clenched his teeth, feeling extremely guilty.

"Girl, what a pity. If we were to give you a few thousand years of growth, even we brothers together might not be a match for you." Huo Liao laughed sinisterly.

Wang Jinshi spat out. "Even if I die, I’ll drag someone down with me."

Wang Jinshi who was holding onto the Smoke sword had already decided to use God Murdering Sword Techniques. Huo Lie and Huo Liao suddenly felt a strong sword intent coming from the Smoke sword, causing them to feel an extreme sense of danger.

"You have no chance." Huo Lie shouted anxiously and slashed at Huo Liao fiercely. The current Wang Jinshi was so terrifying that it made them tremble, but they were confident that they would not let Wang Jinshi retaliate before his death.

In that instant, Wang Jinshi’s despair dropped to the bottom because she knew very well that she was unable to even execute God Murdering Sword Techniques. This Huo Liao and Huo Lie were simply too strong, and too fast.

Chen Xiang shouted out explosively, and a wave of berserk spatial energy rippled outwards. It was like a calm wave, and the space around him began to undulate up and down. The mountains and the earth became extremely uneven, and it was as if there were waves crashing down.

And just now, because of the spatial ripple, Wang Jinshi had avoided the position she was at with Huo Liao and avoided the fatal two slashes.

Due to the fluctuations in space, the surrounding terrain had completely distorted, and the spatial sealing enchantment that was originally laid out had become ineffective.

After successfully breaking through the seal, Chen Xiang immediately teleported Wang Jinshi to his side, but Huo Liao and Huo Lie’s reactions were extremely fast;

Chen Xiang hugged Wang Jinshi and quickly dodged, but he still felt a burning pain on his back. After being cut in half, the scorching energy quickly spread to his entire body, and he did not dare stay there. He had to teleport multiple times, otherwise, the two brothers would chase after him.

This time, both Chen Xiang and Wang Jinshi were heavily injured, and their oil was completely used up. Fortunately, they had some medicinal pellets on them.

After teleporting tens of times consecutively, Chen Xiang had already gotten rid of the two brothers and could finally stop to recuperate from his injuries.

Wang Jinshi’s entire body was covered with terrible wounds, the blood had already been stopped by her cold divine power.

"My soul is fine, but my body isn’t light. How about you?" Wang Jinshi’s pale face revealed a hint of a smile. She saw that Chen Xiang’s expression was also not good and knew that Chen Xiang was definitely injured.

"I just used up a lot of energy, and my back had a big cut, so it’s not too bad." Chen Xiang took out the Lingguang Dan that he had refined before. The Dragon Blood Saint Dan could heal one’s vital energy and blood, and if the vital energy and blood were sufficient, it could allow him to quickly repair his own injuries.

"Fortunately, you were able to save me at the critical moment. Otherwise, we would have been dead for sure." Using the only hand that could move, Wang Jinshi took out a jade bottle. There were milky-white liquids scattered all over the place, dripping onto the arm that was about to break, and then, he ate a few pieces of the Shangpin holy Dan.

It had only been half a day, but both Chen Xiang and Wang Jinshi’s expressions had improved quite a bit. However, the injuries on their bodies had not completely healed yet.

"I’ll be fine in two days. What about you?" Wang Jinshi had also dripped that milky white liquid on Chen Xiang, so there weren’t even any wounds on his back. Right now, the scorching energy was flowing through his body, all he needed to do was refine it.

"I will be fine when the time comes. Senior Sister, you must seek revenge." When Chen Xiang saw the anger on Wang Jinshi’s face, he knew that she would not let it go.

"Find them, no matter what, I have to get rid of one of them. This time we were ambushed by them, that’s why we became like this. The next time it will be us ambushing them. Wang Jinshi took out the Smoke sword, and said coldly: "I will use the God Murdering Sword Techniques to defeat them this time."