Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

As one of the Taboo magic, the God Murdering Sword Techniques was what most gods wanted to obtain, because it was much easier to learn than the Heavenly Alchemy. Legends said that the Heavenly Alchemy was the hardest to master, while the God Murdering Sword Techniques was the easiest.

Huo Liao and Huo Lie had a tacit understanding with each other. When they attacked together, they would merge together and become stronger.

In order to prevent Wang Jinshi from using such a terrifying sword technique, the two brothers slashed at the same time. The fire energy that surged out from the blade was extremely violent, but when the two flame blade energies clashed, they did not produce any form of rejection, and perfectly merged together, becoming even more powerful, as though lightning was striking at Wang Jinshi.

Although their blades had changed, their speed was still very fast. It was hard for Wang Jinshi to dodge, but the Smoke sword in her hands slashed across with an unbelievable speed.

What was astonishing was that after the flame was split apart, it quickly dissipated without any aftershocks. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

"Hmph. Last time, I was just worried. Since all of you are so ruthless, then I won’t care too much. I will make it so that you won’t even have the chance to go to hell."

The extremely furious Wang Jinshi, looked extremely calm on the surface, but the Smoke sword in his hand suddenly moved, and his sword strangely floated past. It was extremely fast, but what was hard to understand was that Wang Jinshi had actually disappeared, and there was only one Smoke sword dancing in the air.

However, when Wang Jinshi appeared, a streak of blood appeared on the foreheads of Huo Liao and Huo Lie. Wang Jinshi was still standing at his original position.

"This is the God Murdering Sword Techniques." Chen Xiang had already obtained the God Murdering Sword Techniques from Wang Jinshi, but he did not learn it. He did not know what it was like, but after seeing it now, he felt extremely shocked.

"God Slaughtering... Impossible, it can’t be the God Murdering Sword Techniques ... " Just as Huo Lie finished his sentence, a red line appeared on his neck and his head fell off.

Huo Liao saw that he was about to press his hand on his head anxiously. There was a line of blood on his neck that was already cut, but for some reason, it was only cut off now.

"So that’s how it is. I understand, this is the fast and slow transformation within the Seven devil-slain kungfu, this God Murdering Sword Techniques must also have a way to break through the power of the Ancient Code. Senior Sister disappeared just now because she broke through the laws of space and her head was severed just now, she should have broken through the laws of time."

Chen Xiang suddenly realized, of course, that the most powerful sword qi was that terrifying Sword Qi, it was formless and soundless, but it was extremely powerful.

Huo Liao and Huo Lie were both elite gods among the Fire Divine Palace, and definitely had expensive high grade divine armor on them. Their bodies were also extremely tough, but Wang Jinshi had casually slashed their heads off with just two swords.

"Die." Just as Wang Jinshi was about to kill Huo Liao, a purple light suddenly appeared in his palm.

A thunderous sound rang out, shaking the entire world. The exploding purple light produced a terrifying heat, and as the purple light shone down, the surrounding vegetation, mountains and rivers, in the blink of an eye, were all destroyed.

In order to avoid the ball of purple light, Wang Jinshi had no choice but to use his God Murdering Sword Techniques’s special ability to break through the incoming force, and the light caused Chen Xiang’s skin to burn even more painfully.

The purple light disappeared, and when Chen Xiang opened his eyes, he only saw an injured Wang Jinshi vomiting blood that floated down.

"The God Murdering Sword Techniques she used just now, she should have done her best. Who knew that such a situation would happen?" Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang immediately flew over, caught the fallen Wang Jinshi, and quickly killed him. Then, he took out his Divine Deity.

"This bastard actually used such a powerful Deity talisman." Wang Jinshi wiped off the blood from the corner of his mouth and said anxiously to Chen Xiang: "Quickly go chase that guy, he has already escaped. If he is allowed to leave this place alive, he will definitely leak out the news of me possessing the God Murdering Sword Techniques."

Wang Jinshi had only been injured by the attack just now. Now, after taking a breather, she was already able to move.

Chen Xiang brought her and used teleportation to chase after the fleeing Huo Liao.

Very quickly, they entered the stone forest. Because the competition wasn’t going to end long ago, a small spatial passageway appeared within the stone forest.

"Dammit, I let this guy run away." Wang Jinshi gritted his teeth as he cursed, his expression becoming extremely ugly: "This is it."

Without a second word, Chen Xiang brought Wang Jinshi and charged through the spatial tunnel and appeared in one of the great halls of the all divine palaces. At this moment, many god gods and disciples were waiting there, and Chen Xiang and his group seemed to be the last group.

"Master, I ... I saw the God Murdering Sword Techniques ... " Huo Liao was extremely frightened, his finger trembling, he pointed at Chen Xiang and Wang Jinshi who had just came out, his head was still missing, but he had used his hand to hold them down, causing his head to not fall.

The four words "God Murdering Sword Techniques" seemed to possess a breathtaking magic power. When the gods present heard it, they felt as if their souls had been struck, because they had not heard of this terrifying sword technique in a long time.

Originally, they did not dare believe it, but now, when they carefully felt the trace of sword intent Huo Liao was participating in, all of the divine gods trembled in their hearts. This kind of familiar sword intent had once shrouded them in endless fear.

Afterwards, all the divine gods looked towards Wang Jinshi and Chen Xiang. They didn’t know who used the God Murdering Sword Techniques yet, but they felt that it was very possible that it was Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang suddenly sensed the undulations from Wang Jinshi’s body and anxiously shouted: "This bastard wants to kill us all while he’s inside, and even knows the whereabouts of our bead, he has already broken the rules, die!"

Finished speaking, the ancient sword suddenly appeared in Chen Xiang’s hand, which was the one he named the God Slaughtering Sword. Following that, a terrifying and berserk sword concept appeared, enveloping the entire hall.

Even Wang Jinshi was shaken, she did not understand how Chen Xiang could suddenly possess such a terrifying God-killing sword, it was something that only she and her Sword God father could do, even if Chen Xiang had learnt the God Murdering Sword Techniques, without the inheritance of the God Slaughtering Blood, it was impossible for him to have it, she knew this very clearly.

Chen Xiang himself didn’t know why he suddenly comprehended God Murdering Sword Techniques, he only knew that he couldn’t let the other gods know that Wang Jinshi was the Sword God’s daughter, so he felt that it would be better for him to take responsibility for this matter.

Chen Xiang’s God-killing sword was extremely terrifying, even a bit more powerful than Wang Jinshi’s.