Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Pure Text Online Read Local Domain Name Mobile Phone Synchronous Read Please Visit

New Year’s Eve. I wish everyone a happy new year and money and girls. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

At this time, the image of the sword strike Wang Jinshi used to kill Huo Lie earlier appeared in his mind. That was because he had used the power of the laws of space and time, and the Seven devil-slain kungfu that he had previously cultivated had also been learned in the area of time.

This sword attack was extremely inconceivable. He felt that at that moment, the surroundings had become very slow. He could even clearly see the Fire God slowly walking over, and the flames on the Fire God’s body also very slowly appeared.

The Fire God didn’t walk over, but quickly flashed by. However, in Chen Xiang’s eyes, he appeared very slow and every step was extremely difficult.

After using the God Murdering Sword Techniques, Chen Xiang felt that everything around him was incredibly slow. Everyone seemed to be frozen in place, their expressions frozen, their floating hair also hanging in the air, and only the Fire God slowly walked over.

In this hall, only Chen Xiang could move at a normal speed.

Chen Xiang himself quickly understood this point, so when he saw the Fire God approaching, he immediately rushed over and sliced Huo Liao’s sword into eight pieces, then took out Huo Liao’s Divine Deity and returned to his original position.

But in everyone’s eyes, Chen Xiang had disappeared just now, and only the sword started to move strangely, exactly the same as when Chen Xiang saw Wang Jinshi brandishing out his sword just now.

When Chen Xiang appeared in front of everyone’s eyes, they all knew that Huo Liao was already dead.

Huo Liao looked to be fine, but was already speechless. His soul had already been destroyed by Chen Xiang, and when Fire Divine Palace rushed over, Huo Liao suddenly dropped to the ground in a few pieces.

Huo Liao’s death did not feel strange to the divine gods. It even made them feel like it had been a long time.

This was one of the most terrifying sword moves in the God Murdering Sword Techniques, the space-time style.

Chen Xiang, who originally wanted to speak out, became even more dumbstruck. She understood that Chen Xiang had done so in order to not let the divine gods of the divine hall suspect her, so that she wouldn’t be in so much trouble in the future.

Although Devil-killing Heavenly God looked to be shocked, his sharp eyes seemed to flash with a look that made people want to think, as though he was excited. He was the fastest and immediately rushed to Chen Xiang’s side, as though he wanted to prevent Chen Xiang from being attacked by the Fire God.

The furious Fire God, the long white beard was already burning with fire, at this time, a tall and sturdy man suddenly came to Chen Xiang’s side, thinking that he wanted to punish Chen Xiang, but who knew that he did not reveal that kind of stern expression, as though he wanted to protect Chen Xiang too.

"This is the all divine palaces. As the Penalty Heavenly God, I am specially responsible for this kind of thing. I absolutely cannot let you guys mess around here and disrupt order." Penalty Heavenly God’s low voice swept a glance at the Fire God and the God of Fortune who were about to make a move.

The appearance of the God Murdering Sword Techniques caused many of the divine gods who had given up on stealing Chen Xiang’s Heavenly Alchemy to have the idea of capturing Chen Xiang rise once again. The Heavenly Alchemy was hard to refine and even if one managed to obtain it, it would be extremely difficult to comprehend its essence.

But God Murdering Sword Techniques was different. As long as one was a god, with their many years of cultivation, it was much easier to cultivate them.

Everyone could clearly see that Chen Xiang used the forbidden God Murdering Sword Techniques to kill my Fire Divine Palace’s disciple. I remember that there was a rule in the past, this kind of Taboo magic was not allowed to be used, so you should be clear whether that was the God Murdering Sword Techniques just now or not. Back then, you were also heavily injured by the Evil Demon Sword.

The Penalty Heavenly God said coldly: "Whether or not the God Murdering Sword Techniques is prohibited, there is no such rule in all divine palaces. It is only because the weak feared this sword technique that they decided to use it."

"I know that Chen Xiang killed Huo Liao at the beginning, and Fire Divine Palace has already committed a grave breach." Penalty Heavenly God waved his hand and released a curtain. The scene of Huo Liao and Huo Lie ambushing Chen Xiang and Wang Jinshi appeared inside the curtain.

"I don’t know how they found the hiding place of the Devil-suppressing Divine Palace’s Pearl, but if they did that, it would be a grave violation of the rules."

The Penalty Heavenly God had such records at every single point. They could even hear the conversation between Huo Liao and Huo Lie.

After the Devil-killing Heavenly God finished looking through, he said furiously, "Who gave them the map? The punishment, and the location of the pearl was all placed by you.

Devil-killing Heavenly God releasing such vicious words was already showing no mercy. It could be seen how angry Devil-killing Heavenly God was at this moment, that he would say such words to Penalty Heavenly God.

At this time, Hall Master Zhong Gao Shan suddenly laughed heartily: "Since Fire Divine Palace was the one who violated the rules first, and almost caused the disciples of Devil-killing Divine Palace to lose their lives, this disciple of Devil-killing Divine Palace has chased out to seek revenge, and this is also the extent of the rule, I think this matter will end here."

Seeing Zhong Gao’s smiling face and helping everyone, Chen Xiang and Wang Jinshi was even more certain that this matter was related to him. He was worried that if they continued to investigate, they would implicate him, so he said this.

The Devil-killing Heavenly God and the Penalty Heavenly God were definitely aware of this matter, they never thought that Zhong Gushan would actually be so daring to do such a thing, if not for the fact that Chen Xiang and Chen Xiang had sufficient strength, they might already be dead.

"We got five beads." Wang Jinshi handed the pearl over to Devil-killing Heavenly God, who handed it over to him.

"It’s the pearl I placed, with the highest total score in the Devil-killing Divine Palace. Devil-killing Divine Palace will be able to get first place in this competition, and will be able to enter the highest point in the Devil-killing Divine Palace, where there will be a reward." The Penalty Heavenly God announced.

Chen Xiang looked at Xiao Chou, Ren Tianyong and the others. They seemed to be in a sorry state, and were not injured at all.

Devil-killing Heavenly God came in front of the God of Fortune and extended his hand: "You have lost, according to our bet, you have to give me 100 billion God of War. Of course, it’s fine if you don’t, I’m not afraid of declaring war on both Hell Divine Palace and your Wealth Divine Palace."

This Devil-killing Heavenly God was about to go crazy, he actually dared to say such arrogant words. Just now, they had already formed an enmity with him, and before, they even had enmity with him.

Of course the Wealth Divine Palace was not afraid of the Devil-killing Divine Palace, but if he were to renege on the bet, he would definitely become a huge laughingstock for the Gods Realm in the future.

"Here you are, you can receive the divine money from any native bank." The God of Fortune gave Penalty Heavenly God a jade token, and then coldly looked at Chen Xiang, and took his Wealth Divine Palace disciples away.

When Devil-killing Heavenly God came, he was very confident that they could win, but it was only such an outstanding result, which surprised him very much, especially Chen Xiang’s performance.