Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

The originally furious Fire God had calmed down because they were in the wrong and had their evidence tightly seized. The divine hall gods here all knew the Penalty Heavenly God’s temperament, if the Penalty Heavenly God were to investigate, then even the divine hall gods would suffer, not to mention the divine hall gods that were imprisoned in the Divine Prison s.

Penalty Heavenly God and Devil-killing Heavenly God were walking in front, leading Ren Tianyong’s group of exhausted disciples towards the highest level of the Devil-killing Divine Palace. Devil-killing Heavenly God seemed to be indifferent to the reward of first place, as if he knew what the reward was.

Walking on the road, Wang Jinshi said to Chen Xiang, "What happened just now, when did you learn how to use the God Murdering Sword Techniques? You are learning it too quickly, right?

"I don’t know either. In short, I used it in a moment of desperation." Chen Xiang responded. He was also extremely shocked by that sword strike, because the effect had already exceeded his expectations. If he still wanted to use it now, it might not be possible to perfectly unleash it.

Wang Jinshi continued to send a sound transmission to Chen Xiang, and she was unable to understand Chen Xiang’s words, "How could you not know, I understand the God Murdering Sword Techniques the best?

Chen Xiang also felt that it was very strange, at this time, he suddenly remembered that he could unleash an extremely powerful sword technique just because of the sword, and that it was all because of the Divine Deity.

The Divine Deity that the White Tiger used to create Killing-god heart was still very mysterious to this day. Although he had asked Feng Yujie before, Feng Yujie still could not say that the Heavenly Alchemy came from that Divine Deity.

was a little worried, previously, Qi Shi had already told him that he had completed refining the Divine Deity, but now that the Divine Deity was able to produce such power, allowing him to suddenly unleash the powerful God Murdering Sword Techniques, it seemed like a good thing, but if he did not know what was going on, in Chen Xiang’s eyes, it was a hidden threat.

"Could it be that within the Divine Deity, there is still the God Murdering Sword Techniques? Who exactly is the owner of the Divine Deity, to actually cultivate two types of Taboo magic at the same time?" Chen Xiang felt that he needed to understand this matter clearly. Otherwise, the first Divine Deity he had fused with would be a hidden danger that could even destroy him.

"We’ll talk about it in the future, but I still have to thank you. If you didn’t act just now, I would have been exposed. At that time, I might even drag out my Sword God father’s story." Wang Jinshi was extremely grateful to Chen Xiang.

"Hehe, no need to thank me. Anyway, I’m already used to this kind of thing." Chen Xiang didn’t feel anything, and now, the time to start the war with the Hell Divine Palace was getting closer and closer. Previously, the Devil-killing Heavenly God had already declared war on him twice, and it wouldn’t be long before he declared war on him thrice.

Chen Xiang and the others arrived at the highest level. There was nothing here other than an empty, huge stone room. There was also a huge skylight window.

"What’s the reward?" The fat fifth looked around, there was nothing, this reward was not what he expected.

Devil-killing Heavenly God suddenly became serious and said: "You may not be able to accept this reward, and at that time you may choose not to accept it."

Seeing the faces of the disciples filled with disdain, the Devil-killing Heavenly God said in a stern voice: "All of you listen carefully, the outside world rumors say that there are ten disciples in the first batch, and all of the four of you see now are the youngest disciples. The other six are all dead, and because of this reward, the strength of the six disciples is similar to mine, but ..."

"They... Father, didn’t you say that they went out to train and went to the Super God Restricted Area? They were carrying out your mission there, and they are much stronger than us, so how could they possibly die? " Zu Chao looked as if he had been struck by lightning. They were all junior brothers and junior sisters.

Devil-killing Heavenly God let out a long sigh. "The four of you are the second batch. They are only the first batch.

Penalty Heavenly God patted Devil-killing Heavenly God on the shoulder: "My sons have also gone to do the same. It seems like young people have more courage than us."

Seeing Penalty Heavenly God’s lonely and sorrowful appearance, Ren Tianyong and the others were even more shocked. The sons of Penalty Heavenly God were definitely very strong, but they had never heard of them.

"The first prize is to send us to our deaths." Xiao Chou suddenly clenched his fists, and became excited: "I understand, that must be some kind of test."

The Penalty Heavenly God stared at Xiao Chou, "That’s right, do you know why the Gods Realm didn’t have the Hall of Hercules?

Wang Jinshi suddenly said in a low voice: "Could it be the Supreme Divine Palace’s training exercise?"

Regarding the Supreme Divine Palace, Zu Chao and the others had all heard about it, probably only Xiao Chou did not have it.

The Penalty Heavenly God nodded his head: "You all have a chance to enter the Supreme Divine Palace, but you have to pass the trial. If you fail, you all will die."

Devil-killing Heavenly God turned around with his back facing Chen Xiang and the others, "If you guys were to go with your current strength, honestly speaking, you would definitely be courting death. Last time, the ones going to the competition would be the divine hall disciples that were in the top ten.

"So you guys have to consider this carefully, there is only this one chance, otherwise, if you want to enter the Supreme Divine Palace in the future, it will be difficult for you to have the chance."

Xiao Chou asked: "Why do you want to enter this Supreme Divine Palace? I don’t understand, could it be that after entering, you become very strong?"

The Penalty Heavenly God said, "The Supreme Divine Palace is also known as the Supreme God Hall, and only by entering the Supreme Divine Palace can one become a god. As for why, I’m not too sure, but in these past few years, no matter how hard we’ve tried, we have been unable to become a god.

"I’m not going." Wang Jinshi immediately shook her head, and looked at Chen Xiang. Looking at her eyes, she did not wish for Chen Xiang to go, and she knew that Chen Xiang had the Supreme god bone, Chen Xiang definitely had this thought, because he would be able to quickly become a strong warrior after entering the Supreme Divine Palace.

Even such powerful gods would die if they were to go, let alone profound God s who had yet to become gods, so Ren Tianyong and the others immediately expressed their intentions and did not plan to do anything. This was because they were only profound God now.

Right now, everyone looked at Zu Chao and his wife. They had already discussed about it through sound transmission and shook their heads, just now, they had seen Penalty Heavenly God and his son feeling sad because of losing their disciples, so they did not plan to go anymore.

Other than Chen Xiang and Xiao Chou, he had already decided to not go.

"I’ll go." Chen Xiang and Xiao Chou suddenly shouted.

"No." Xiao Chou possessed the Titan God’s bloodline, while Chen Xiang had trained in the Heavenly Alchemy and God Murdering Sword Techniques, both of them were good seedlings, if they were to go, there was no possibility of survival. Although Chen Xiang possessed the Supreme god bone, his current strength was too lacking.

Xiao Chou curled his lips: "I still thought that we could make our own decisions."

Chen Xiang said with a resolute expression: "We want to give it a try."

"You are trying with your life, you must not go." Devil-killing Heavenly God glared at Chen Xiang.

Just as Devil-killing Heavenly God finished this sentence, the entire all divine palaces suddenly shook. The Penalty Heavenly God frowned and said softly: "Devil Slayer, if Supreme Divine Palace knows that you have stopped my disciple from going there to train, you should be well aware of the consequences."

Devil-killing Heavenly God snorted, his face full of anger. He did not expect that Chen Xiang and Xiao Chou, the two weakest among them, would actually decide to go to that kind of place.

Penalty Heavenly God took out two golden colored insignia and handed it over to Chen Xiang and Xiao Chou: "You two should drip blood, after that, the trial will begin. If you two are unable to go to the trial grounds within ten years, you will die." Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Xiao Chou smiled as he received the order badge. He immediately dripped with blood and chuckled, "There are still ten years. That is enough time."

There were still ten years. In the eyes of these god who had lived for many years, it was just a blink of an eye, but it was enough time for Chen Xiang to make preparations to challenge the Supreme Divine Palace for his trial.

After Chen Xiang dripped blood on the golden order badge, he would be able to use his consciousness to look at the map inside it. He and Xiao Chou were going to go to the training field within ten years.

"Your training field is not the same. Don’t think that you can join hands. When the time comes, you will have no one to rely on and you can only charge in by yourself." The Devil-killing Heavenly God said.

Xiao Chou gave an "ah" look, his face full of disappointment. He had thought that he could go with Chen Xiang.

"Hai, the first place reward is too boring." Originally, he thought that he could get something good.

Yuan Baibing laughed, "No wonder Master wants to bet with the God of Fortune. So it turns out that first place is simply not going to get anything good."

"Don’t be happy too early, we still need to fight with the Hell Divine Palace. We don’t have much time left, quickly go back and rest." Devil-killing Heavenly God glanced at Ren Tianyong and the others.

"Yes." Chen Xiang and the others answered in unison.

After returning to the Devil-killing Divine City, the disciples there had already made preparations to attack the Hell Divine Palace at any time. This time, they would be able to obtain first place and increase the morale of the Devil-killing Divine Palace.

Chen Xiang and Wang Jinshi were called to his floor by the Devil-killing Heavenly God, wanting to talk to them alone. Obviously, they wanted to talk about killing Huo Liao and Huo Lie.

The most important thing was the God Murdering Sword Techniques, Chen Xiang was more worried about it, he was worried that the Devil-killing Heavenly God would force him to tell them that the God Murdering Sword Techniques was something that Wang Jinshi had taught him.

Wang Jinshi and Chen Xiang fearfully sat in the living room of the Devil-killing Heavenly God. The Devil-killing Heavenly God put on a set of grey robes and slowly walked out to sit at the leader’s seat.

"You all ... This time, he performed very well. He was able to obtain five pearls and even killed two of the Fire Divine Palace’s outstanding War Gods. Devil-killing Heavenly God’s face sank. "You guys were not efficient at all, you actually exposed the God Murdering Sword Techniques."