Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang and Wang Jinshi thought that the Devil-killing Heavenly God would blame them for learning the God Murdering Sword Techniques, but who would have known that the Devil-killing Heavenly God would say such things?

"The consequences won’t be too serious, right?" Chen Xiang asked softly. He was worried that the Devil-killing Heavenly God would kick him out of the Devil-killing Divine Palace because of this.

Devil-killing Heavenly God replied, "That’s for sure. It’s just like how the Hell Devil Emperor went to all over the place to kill you. However, it’s not only the divine gods that want to catch you.

Wang Jinshi felt guilty, because she knew very well how serious the consequences would be.

Chen Xiang sighed helplessly: "Why is the attraction of this God Murdering Sword Techniques so great?"

Devil-killing Heavenly God looked at Wang Jinshi and smiled: "Just ask her and you’ll find out."

Asking Wang Jinshi, Chen Xiang and Wang Jinshi were both shocked. The reason the Devil-killing Heavenly God said such a thing must be because he knew about Wang Jinshi.

"Master, you already know. Who told you? When did you know?" Since it was like this, Wang Jinshi could only admit it.

"I knew about it the day you became my disciple. Don’t think that I don’t know anything, I just didn’t expect you to pass this God Murdering Sword Techniques to Chen Xiang. Devil-killing Heavenly God snickered: "In other words, your relationship is not ordinary."

Wang Jinshi blushed and changed the topic, "Chen Xiang, the greatest attraction of the God Murdering Sword Techniques is not just its ease of cultivation, but rather, cultivation of the God Murdering Sword Techniques to step into the realm of the Supreme God. Although this is a legend, many Empyrean Gods believe it without question."

The Devil-killing Heavenly God nodded his head: "Back then Wang Hao had told me that he would quickly become the Supreme God. However, this fellow is too good at causing trouble, and after being informed that he would soon become the Supreme God, many Empyrean Gods teamed up to send him to hell. I participated in the punishment at that time, even though we were once good friends with Wang Hao."

Wang Jinshi sighed softly, "I know, because father’s cultivation went berserk, looking everywhere for a powerful god to train in the sword, however ... He didn’t hurt those Empyrean Gods. "

Devil-killing Heavenly God said: "Penalty Heavenly God and I had fought with him before. Even though we lost to him, we were not hurt by him, at that time he was still very rational, but later on, for some reason, he suddenly changed and became crazy. In order to prevent him from bringing disaster to Gods Realm, we decided to do so."

"It’s because he’s about to become too divine very soon. If he was still in that state back then, it would have been very difficult to stop him."

Devil-killing Heavenly God stood up, and gently stroked Wang Jinshi’s head: "The one who used the God Murdering Sword Techniques to kill Huo Lie, should be you, right?

Penalty Heavenly God and Devil-killing Heavenly God were actually acting before. Penalty Heavenly God was watching what was happening inside.

"Although God Murdering Sword Techniques belongs to the Ancient Art of the Supreme Realm, it is easy to go berserk to the extreme. For example, Wang Hao is an example." The Devil-killing Heavenly God looked at Chen Xiang with furrowed brows and said solemnly: "The Four Great Taboo magic s, they are all primordial divine arts, these are all unorthodox techniques that flowed out of the Supreme Divine Palace. They are powerful, but not many have learned them."

"It’s easy to be bewitched with Heavenly Alchemy. Chen Xiang, you train in two such cultivation techniques. This will make it easier for you to be bewitched with these techniques."

Devil-killing Heavenly God laughed: "My Seven devil-slain kungfu is also considered a primordial spirit art, as long as I can comprehend what’s after, I can also enter the realm of the primordial spirit with the Seven devil-slain kungfu, and I won’t become bewitched."

"Master, I want to rescue my father. What do I need to do?" Wang Jinshi suddenly said: "He has been in there for a long time, he should have already recovered."

When Wang Jinshi asked about this, the smile on Devil-killing Heavenly God’s face suddenly disappeared.

"He’s imprisoned in the Divine Prison, and even the Penalty Heavenly God doesn’t know how he is right now. How can you guarantee that? If we save him, he’ll be in a state of madness, so who can be responsible for it? Although the Supreme Divine Palace will intervene, a guy on the level of the Supreme God can cause serious harm just by messing around here for a moment." This was what the Devil-killing Heavenly God was worried about.

Wang Jinshi sighed lightly, "I only found out after seeing him because of some things regarding my mother. As long as I can help him get rid of the knot in his heart, he can return to his original appearance."

The Devil-killing Heavenly God shook his head: "It’s very difficult for you to see him, even the Penalty Heavenly God does not have that power. Back then, he had sealed a Supreme God into the Divine Prison, unless you had a way to find that Supreme God.

Chen Xiang and Wang Jinshi had thought that as long as they had enough divine money, they would be able to redeem the Sword God.

"Then where is the Supreme God?" Wang Jinshi asked.

"Supreme Divine Palace." The Devil-killing Heavenly God patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder, "If you can enter the Supreme Divine Palace, you might be able to meet that Primordial God. Whether he can undo the seal or not, I don’t know."

When Wang Jinshi had first passed down the God Murdering Sword Techniques to Chen Xiang, he had made her promise to save the Sword God, so Chen Xiang would definitely do this.

"I will definitely enter the Supreme Divine Palace." Chen Xiang was filled with confidence in himself.

Devil-killing Heavenly God paced back and forth a few steps, then sat down and sighed: "Even though you possess the Supreme god bone, it’s still hard to say. Unless you’re a god, it might be easier to pass."

Chen Xiang still had ten years left, it was impossible for the gods to do that, but it was still possible for him to become the profound God.

"No matter what happens now, I can’t turn back." Chen Xiang smiled, he did not feel any pressure at all.

With things having escalated to this point, Devil-killing Heavenly God could not say anymore. He could only give Chen Xiang and Xiao Chou the greatest help within these ten years, making them even more powerful in these ten years.

The reason the Devil-killing Heavenly God called Chen Xiang and her here was to talk about the God Murdering Sword Techniques, he wanted Wang Jinshi to continue to keep the matter of her being the daughter of the Sword God a secret, so he had no choice but to use the God Murdering Sword Techniques.

This was all to prepare for war with the Hell Divine Palace, and the third declaration of war would be carried out very soon. At that time, regardless of whether the Hell Divine Palace accepted it or not, the Devil-killing Divine Palace would still be able to call him over.

Chen Xiang was looking forward to this big battle, but Devil-killing Divine Palace had something else to ask him to do, and obviously didn’t want him to participate in it.

You go to the all divine palaces to find the Penalty Heavenly God. After you find him, he has something he wants you to do.

However, Devil-killing Heavenly God’s tone was very resolute, so Chen Xiang could only follow his plan. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

... ....

When Chen Xiang came to all divine palaces himself, he changed his appearance and came. However, Penalty Heavenly God recognized him immediately.

After Penalty Heavenly God saw that Chen Xiang had bowed to him, he only nodded slightly and had Chen Xiang follow him into a Transmission array inside the all divine palaces and transfer him to a wooden house in the forest.

"This is my residence. It’s very safe." Although his face was solemn, his tone was very calm.

"I have something that I want you to do. The Devil Slayer should have told you." Penalty Heavenly God took out a black box and placed it on the table beside him.

Chen Xiang said: "He only said that he wanted me to come find you, and didn’t tell me what I wanted to do."

Penalty Heavenly God opened the black box. Inside was a black dagger.

"There are some hidden things within this black dagger. Only by cultivating the Heavenly Alchemy can I see the hidden information within. Help me take a look and see exactly what’s inside." Penalty Heavenly God handed the box over to Chen Xiang with difficulty.

Chen Xiang picked up the black dagger. He didn’t feel anything special about it, it couldn’t even be considered a Divine Equipment.

"If you can help me, I will repay you. You might need some time, so stay with me for this period of time." After Penalty Heavenly God finished speaking, he did not care if Chen Xiang agreed or not, and quickly left.

Chen Xiang shook his head and sighed. It was hard for him to reject it even if he wanted to, so he repeatedly looked at the black dagger, and even probed into it with his divine power, but there was no reaction at all. He felt that he was playing with a rock picked up from the side of the road.

"Don’t tell me I have to use the Heavenly Alchemy to refine this short sword." Chen Xiang could only speculate like this, because Penalty Heavenly God had previously said that only by cultivating the Heavenly Alchemy would one be able to see the hidden secrets.

Although Chen Xiang had this thought, he didn’t dare because he was worried that he would not be able to find the hidden secrets inside if he failed to practice it properly.

He had tried hard for an entire day but to no avail. It was already dark now and he was resting on a comfortable chair in the hall.

On the morning of the second day, when Chen Xiang heard Penalty Heavenly God’s voice, he opened his eyes and saw that Penalty Heavenly God had brought a plate of fruits and placed it on the table beside Chen Xiang’s chair.

"Let that girl out." The Penalty Heavenly God said.

"You know that." asked in shock. Penalty Heavenly God was indeed talking about Long Xueyi, and Long Xueyi immediately came out of the ring.

"Of course I know. The Azure Dragon is my friend." The plate of fruits that Penalty Heavenly God had brought was obviously prepared for Long Xueyi.

Long Xueyi sweetly smiled as she thanked him, then unceremoniously started to eat.

When Penalty Heavenly God talked about the Azure Dragon, Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi also wanted to know about his situation inside the Divine Prison.

"Did you get anything yesterday?" Seeing that Chen Xiang wanted to speak, the Penalty Heavenly God interrupted him.

"No, I think I’ll have to use the Heavenly Alchemy to refine it before I know. I’m worried that I might have broken it, so I didn’t dare to make a move." Chen Xiang handed the black dagger over to Penalty Heavenly God.

The Penalty Heavenly God did not receive it, saying, "Don’t worry and refine it. This short sword looks like it was made from ordinary black stone, but it’s not afraid of the flames burning it. I have used my flames to burn it for decades, but still unable to incinerate it."

= = =

Today, he didn’t have much time to hang out with his family.