Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Even using fire, the Penalty Heavenly God was unable to incinerate it. This black stone sword was actually so sturdy, Chen Xiang had thought it was just an ordinary black stone.

"How is the Azure Dragon in the Divine Prison? I only know that he was sent to hell and then sent to hell, then locked up in the Divine Prison." Chen Xiang had heard it all from Yang Yan, but Yang Yan did not know the specifics either. Penalty Heavenly God was in charge of the Divine Prison, so he must be very clear about this matter.

This kind of matter is something that not even the devil slayer knows about. You might not understand the consequences of wreaking havoc in the Infernal Realm, and normally, when you act recklessly in the Infernal Realm, you will be killed or tortured by the Hell Devil Emperor for tens of thousands of years. However, in the end, the Azure Dragon was still brought back to the Divine Prison.

Chen Xiang said: "I heard that the Sword God was like that back then."

The Penalty Heavenly God nodded his head, "The reason why the Azure Dragon was brought back to the Divine Prison was not because of my interference, but because the Infernal Realm was unable to suppress him, just like the Sword God back then."

Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi were shocked. If even hell could not suppress the Azure Dragon, didn’t that mean the Azure Dragon’s strength was extremely strong?

You should have heard that there were some extraordinary people locked up in the Divine Prison, and they were not sealed by me, they were all sealed inside by the Great God of the Supreme Divine Palace. The Azure Dragon is currently in such a situation, if you want to save him, it won’t be easy, and you have to use divine money to redeem him. Penalty Heavenly God knew what Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi were thinking at the moment. He was also Azure Dragon’s friend, if he had a way, he would definitely say it.

Long Xueyi, who was eating sweetly, suddenly looked pained and a little dejected. Previously, she had found out from the Yin Yao Ring that the Sword God was sealed by the Supreme God, and the difficulty was the same as saving the Azure Dragon.

"Is there really no other way?" Long Xueyi asked somewhat sorrowfully.

"There is a way. I also hope that we can save the Azure Dragon. I’ll go ask around and see if there is any good way."

Penalty Heavenly God’s words gave Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi a trace of hope.

"Play with this dagger properly, I’ll come back in a few days." The Penalty Heavenly God left after he finished speaking.

With Penalty Heavenly God’s consent, Chen Xiang dared to use the Heavenly Alchemy to refine the short sword.

He took out the pill furnace that Yuan Baibing had given him, and placed the black stone dagger inside. Then, he used the method he had used to refine the medicinal ingredients, and the Infinite refining began to burn.

It was not easy to smelt the black stone dagger. Chen Xiang used the fiercest of firepower and continued to burn for more than two hours. The black stone dagger did not show any signs of melting at all.

"Just what is this thing made of? Even if it is a very sturdy Top stone, it would not be completely silent if it was burned by me like this." Chen Xiang stopped his smelting process and took out the blackstone short sword. What made him even more surprised was that the blackstone short sword was not hot at all.

"What’s going on?" Chen Xiang suddenly felt that this black stone sword was like a bottomless pit. The powerful firepower that he had released just now should have been absorbed by this black stone sword.

Previously, Penalty Heavenly God had also attempted to burn the blackstone short sword for a long time. Penalty Heavenly God’s firepower was even stronger, but it was all absorbed by the blackstone short sword.

"I can’t use a normal method. There is a way to solve this problem in the Heavenly Alchemy." Chen Xiang closed his eyes, and began to study this method. Whenever he had nothing to do, he would go look for the many methods inside the Heavenly Alchemy, so he had the impression that he could immediately figure them out.

After half an hour, Chen Xiang found the technique and familiarized himself with it.

"In this situation, I need to use the Heavenly Refining Flame."

There were two types of Heavenly Refining Fire, the first was to borrow the energy of the world, Chen Xiang had already used this type of Heavenly Refining Fire before, and it was usually used when his own flames were not strong enough, so this type of Heavenly Refining Flame was not easy to control.

The other type was the genuine Heavenly Refining Flame. It was formed by fusing one’s own flames together with the energy circulation method in the Heavenly Alchemy.

Chen Xiang’s Chuangzao fire was very strong, he wanted to try and see if using this kind of flame could turn it into a Heavenly Flame. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

He opened his palm and stared at his palm, concentrating to circulate the chant within the Heavenly Alchemy. A cluster of silvery-white Chuangzao fire appeared in the center of his palm, originally extremely calm, but as Chen Xiang gradually added in the divine power that was circulating in the Heavenly Alchemy, the flame became extremely restless, violently jumping up and down, as if it was trying to break free from Chen Xiang’s grasp.

Not long after, the silver-white flame suddenly burst into a burst of purple light. The flame turned purple as well, and the flame was shrouded in purple mist.

At this time, the flame was being released by Chen Xiang using his own divine power, and the flame itself was absorbing the energy of heaven and earth.

Chen Xiang had successfully released the Heavenly Flame. Although it did not emit any heat waves, it was a Heavenly Alchemy which had a very strong smelting ability.

He placed the black stone short sword into the pill furnace, and then released the Heavenly Flame. After pouring it into the pill furnace, he discovered that he had underestimated this purple Heavenly Flame, because after the pill furnace was burnt down by the Heavenly Alchemy, a change had already occurred.

Chen Xiang did not dare to use this furnace to continue refining, he could only use his bare hands to refine more, in other words, he used the Magic method furnace.

Furthermore, it didn’t consume too much divine power either. Chen Xiang planned to use this flame to refine pills in the future to see how effective it would be, because this Heavenly Alchemy also contained the special characteristics of Chuangzao fire s.

Within the Magic method furnace, the black dagger was being burned by the purple flames of the Heavenly Smelting.

"There’s a reaction. This short sword has finally started to deform. I wonder what exactly is hidden inside." Chen Xiang was secretly delighted as he continued to use his flames to burn.

The short sword started to deform. Chen Xiang had not controlled it much as it was being burned by the purple flames of heavenly refinement. The short sword became a very thin black paper, and it was so big that Chen Xiang had no choice but to enlarge the Magic method furnace further so that it could fit the big piece of black paper.

Chen Xiang had refined it for two whole days before the changes in the Magic method furnace’s contents finally stopped. Originally, it was a black dagger, but after it was refined, it became black paper, and in the end the black paper faded away and became white paper, like a picture scroll hung on the wall.

"It’s not changing anymore, but there’s nothing on it." Long Xueyi watched carefully from the side. She tried using her divine power for a bit, but could not find anything.

"Let’s wait until Penalty Heavenly God comes." Just as Chen Xiang finished speaking, the Penalty Heavenly God arrived.

When Penalty Heavenly God arrived, he took out a plate of Holy Fruits and placed it on the table. Looking at the white paper, he asked, "Have you made any progress?"

Penalty Heavenly God did not know that the obsidian dagger he had given to Chen Xiang had become a piece of white paper.

"You probably don’t believe that the black dagger has become like this." When Chen Xiang said this, Penalty Heavenly God did not react. He did not understand what Chen Xiang had said.

Chen Xiang picked up the piece of white paper and said: "After I refined it with the Heavenly Alchemy, it became a piece of white paper."

Penalty Heavenly God frowned. He had already guessed many different results, but he never thought that the black dagger would be refined into a piece of white paper.

"When I was refining it, the dagger transformed on its own. I had no control over it." Chen Xiang spread his hands.

Penalty Heavenly God forced out a drop of blood from his fingertip and dripped it onto the white paper.

"Ah!" Penalty Heavenly God suddenly roared, his face was in pain, but only for a short period of time, following that, some words gradually appeared on the paper, these were all ancient characters.

Chen Xiang was able to understand these ancient characters. Although it was different from the ones he knew, the words that he was familiar with right now were somewhat similar to these ancient characters.

"It’s a cultivation technique." Chen Xiang’s eyes opened wide as he looked at the three types of words that were gradually appearing in the last row.

"Heavenly Body." Long Xueyi shouted in shock.

Penalty Heavenly God nodded with a serious expression. "Heavenly Body, one of the Four Great Taboo magic s."

Long Xueyi had some of the memories of her past life, so she knew about the Sky Body.

The content of the Heavenly Body wasn’t much because there were only a few hundred words on the paper. He quickly memorized them all.

"You can’t learn." Penalty Heavenly God looked at Chen Xiang sternly and shouted.

"Why?" Chen Xiang had a face full of doubt. He had already learnt two of the Four Great Taboo magic s, so there was no difference between this and them.

Long Xueyi sighed: "Heaven’s physique, as its name implies, is able to allow living beings to cultivate bodies that are as strong as the heavens."

Chen Xiang curled his lips and said: "What’s wrong with that?" He was just worrying that the Heavenly Alchemy would not be able to strengthen his Supreme god bone, so with this Heaven Body, it would be even better.

"That’s great, but you have to go refine it with your life on the line. If you refine it, then you’ll be in great danger. The divine tribulation will never stop. It’s not as simple as just being struck by lightning." Long Xueyi had some understanding of the Heavenly Body, and looking at her expression, it was obvious that she did not recommend Chen Xiang to cultivate it.

Penalty Heavenly God said in a deep voice, "That’s right, the most dangerous thing about a heavenly body is that heavenly tribulation, as well as the various tests that cause one to lose their rationality and self-control. If you fail, you won’t die, but you will be even more terrifying than dead."

Seeing that Chen Xiang was still doubtful, the Penalty Heavenly God continued to speak, "As long as you cultivate the true Heavenly Body, you can break through all the restrictions of the Ancient Code, because all sorts of Ancient Code powers are useless against you, because all of the Ancient Code powers are created by the heavens. If you cultivate the Heaven Body, if you are unable to overcome the heavenly tribulation, you will become the nourishment of the Ancient Code’s power and will be tortured for a long time before your soul enters hell."

"My father was like that. He left this short sword for me, so you’d better not cultivate, or else you’ll have to prepare yourself. Other than that, you might also have to implicate the people around you."