Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The short sword was left behind by the father of the Penalty Heavenly God, but it required the use of the Heavenly Alchemy in order to unravel the secret inside.

"You have helped me solve my many years of doubts. I will thank you." Although he looked very serious, but when he spoke, it gave off a very intimate feeling.

Chen Xiang said: "Devil-killing Divine Palace wants to start a war with Hell Divine Palace, but Main Heavenly God told me to come here to find you. Why is this?

Penalty Heavenly God put his hand on his shoulder, as he said with a stern expression, "Do you really think it’s that simple to slay a devil? He has had too many opportunities to declare war on Hell Divine Palace over the years, but he has chosen to do it now, not just because of the matter with Devil Yang Valley."

Chen Xiang indeed thought so, because back then, when he saw the Devil-killing Heavenly God, he was extremely furious and wished that he could exterminate him. But now, hearing the words of the Penalty Heavenly God, he seemed to have another story behind it.

"He told you to come find me. Not only did he ask you to help me, he also asked you to do something. Only you were able to accomplish it." Penalty Heavenly God looked into the distance and sighed, "You have pretty much learned the first style of his Seven devil-slain kungfu, so he has very high expectations for you."

"He wants me to do something." Chen Xiang realized that the war between the Devil-killing Heavenly God and the Hell Divine Palace might just be a pretense. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"To the Infernal Realm." Penalty Heavenly God’s words startled Chen Xiang. Seeing Chen Xiang’s shock, he added on: "There’s something scary hidden in Hell Devil Emperor’s hell. He originally arranged for Zu Chao to go there, but now he has a better candidate."

Going to hell to look for things, Chen Xiang suddenly felt apprehensive, that was Hell Devil Emperor’s territory.

"Don’t worry, when the time comes, Hell Devil Emperor will definitely bring his strongest power to fight, so there won’t be anyone that is too powerful in hell, you can handle them." Penalty Heavenly God took out a large piece of paper and spread it on the ground.

This is the map of the Infernal Realm. When the time comes, you need to go to the residence of the Hell Devil Emperor in the Infernal Realm. You need to find a black Hexagonal disk around the size of a palm in his residence.

The Penalty Heavenly God pointed to a certain place, which was the residence of the Hell Devil Emperor, then he took out a disc with a pointer on it. He passed the disc to Chen Xiang: "Go to the residence of the Hell Devil Emperor, and walk around. As long as you see the array turning, the Hexagonal disk will be around."

After Chen Xiang received it from him, he said: "Can’t we just directly have Zu Chao go there? He’s so strong, he’ll definitely be successful. I’m not even a profound God."

"Your camouflage and concealment skills are better than Zu Chao’s, and because your cultivation is not high, you can easily hide your presence, preventing the gods in hell from discovering you. Moreover, you know how to test your spatial strength, so you’re better than Zu Chao." The Penalty Heavenly God said: "Zu Chao is very strong, when fighting with the Hell Divine Palace, you can also reduce the number of casualties."

Penalty Heavenly God actually colluded with Devil-killing Divine Palace to do such a thing. One could tell with one look that this wasn’t something Devil-killing Heavenly God wanted Penalty Heavenly God to do.

"Just what is a Hexagonal disk? Is it very important?" Chen Xiang was very curious about this.

Penalty Heavenly God nodded his head: "It’s very important, and also very dangerous. This is exactly what Hell Devil Emperor is using to find a lot of space amongst the demons, and then using this thing to control those demons. Other than that, there are also some other frightening powers that cannot be left in his hands, otherwise, Gods Realm will be in great danger."

Chen Xiang had seen those demons before, he never thought that the Hell Devil Emperor used this kind of thing to get it. Now, he understood why the Devil-killing Heavenly God and the Penalty Heavenly God teamed up with each other.

"Alright, when can I set off?" Chen Xiang suddenly felt that his mission was too difficult. Only by taking that thing would he be able to prevent the Hell Devil Emperor from possessing powerful strength.

Penalty Heavenly God said, "Stay here for a few days. As long as there is a war, I will send you to hell. Although Hell Devil Emperor will lead his powerful subordinates to war, there will definitely be guards in hell, so you must be careful."

After Penalty Heavenly God left, Long Xueyi said in a low voice: "I have an impression of that Hexagonal disk. It was a terrifying divine weapon refined by a god and had been banned in the past. I didn’t expect it to be in the hands of the Hell Devil Emperor.

The godly weapon used by the Supreme Being, would definitely be even more terrifying.

In the next few days, Chen Xiang familiarized himself with the first stage of the Seven devil-slain kungfu. He originally wanted to cultivate the God Murdering Sword Techniques, but he did not expect that he was not able to do so right now.

The God Murdering Sword Techniques was extremely profound, and it was not something that could be released by chance, so he firmly believed that it was related to his fusion of Divine Deity.

Since the Penalty Heavenly God came, it meant that the war between them had started.

"It’s starting. I’ll send you to hell now. Be careful. You should be familiar with the map." Penalty Heavenly God took out an array disc. He was a Penalty Heavenly God and could freely enter hell.

"Bring that Hexagonal disk back with this formation plate." Penalty Heavenly God made Chen Xiang stand on top of the small formation plate.

Long Xueyi had already entered Chen Xiang’s Serene Dragon Ring and since she wanted to go with Chen Xiang, Penalty Heavenly God was not opposed to it.

"I’ll wait for him." Penalty Heavenly God opened the array disc, sending Chen Xiang away.

Chen Xiang disappeared along with the Transmission array plate and appeared in a dark place. This place was filled with evil energy and black fog.

"Fortunately, I didn’t come here because I was dead." Chen Xiang looked at the surrounding terrain, and quickly confirmed his location, following the route on the map, he passed through a few tall mountains full of bones, and saw a blood red ocean.

This was the Blood Sea of Hell, the residence of the Hell Devil Emperor was located on an island in the Blood Sea.

Chen Xiang stood at the shore and took out a pearl that emitted a white light. The control pearl floated above the blood, the blood that rose and fell was extremely thick, and there were even many skeletons trying to grab it.

"Only bones are left, and he can still move." Chen Xiang withdrew the pearl of light and it seemed as if it had risen into the sky as it flew above the sea of blood.

Long Xueyi said: "Penalty Heavenly God said before, the most dangerous place is Hell Devil Emperor’s island. It would be best if you don’t go up there directly, you should go near first, and observe for a while before you enter the island."

Chen Xiang had the same plan, but he had to hurry up, because he did not know how long Hell Devil Emperor would fight for. If he dragged things out too long, it would be troublesome if Hell Devil Emperor suddenly returned.

Several hours later, he finally cautiously flew to the small island. When he came, he met several waves of Infernal guards patrolling the island. It wasn’t that he couldn’t beat them, but he was afraid of alarming them, so he had to carefully avoid them.

After seeing the island from afar, he immediately activated Heaven tour method to observe the situation on the island. What made him more happy was that the Infernal guards on the island were all wearing an iron mask, so he couldn’t see anyone.

Chen Xiang used the transformation technique according to the size and the items that the Infernal guards had on their bodies. He made himself look exactly like the Infernal guards, imitated the aura of the Infernal guards, and then flew towards the island.

The majority of the Hell Demons were patrolling alone, and only when there was a sea of blood would they have a small party. Therefore, when Chen Xiang landed on the island, he did not attract much attention.

Now, Chen Xiang was bravely approaching the Hell Devil Emperor’s palace, that was a huge square structure built from huge black rocks. It was about three hundred meters tall, and located in the middle of the island in all four directions.

Chen Xiang circled around the Demon Palace a few times, and after finding an opportunity, he turned into a wisp of black mist and entered through the gap in the door.

This hell was originally dark, so Chen Xiang thought that the interior of the Underworld Palace was dark as well. Who would have thought that the interior was very bright?

"Hell Devil Emperor doesn’t like this pitch black hell either, so he ended up like Gods Realm in his own palace." The moment Chen Xiang entered, he saw a large green plain, in front of him was a clear river that flowed slowly, and not far away was a forest of pavilions.

Chen Xiang released a few divine soul s to investigate and found out that there were not many people inside, so he was relieved to fly towards the group of pavilions.

"Isn’t there anyone guarding this place? Hell Devil Emperor was careless." It was impossible for Chen Xiang to pretend to be a guard even if he wanted to. It was because he couldn’t find them after searching for a few times.

For safety’s sake, Chen Xiang had once again become a Demon Guard, and then took out the disk with a pointer given by the Penalty Heavenly God.

He had just taken it out when the finger formation began to move. No matter which direction he turned in, the finger formation would always point in one direction.

Everything went smoothly, but Chen Xiang was not happy. This was the residence of the Hell Devil Emperor, he would not be able to get ahold of it so easily.

He could only follow the direction of the needle vigilantly.

Chen Xiang shuttled through the group of pavilions. He originally thought that he would find someone from the tallest pavilion in the center, but that was not the case.

"Halt." Chen Xiang suddenly heard a cold shout, it was actually a woman’s voice.

What surprised him was that his Spatial Perception was actually unable to sense it.

"What are you doing here? The Infernal guards aren’t allowed to enter so they aren’t allowed to enter. Who allowed you to enter? Show me your proof." the woman who was hiding somewhere asked.

Chen Xiang did not answer, he did not know how to reply. Just as he was thinking of a way, a woman in a black robe appeared in front of him.

"You trespassed into the Demon Palace. Go down to the eighteenth level of hell." The lady did not wait for Chen Xiang to explain as a long spear suddenly appeared in her hands and pierced towards Chen Xiang’s chest.

Chen Xiang immediately teleported away, distancing himself from this dangerous woman.

"If you aren’t a Infernal guard, then who the hell are you?" The lady said coldly, but she could no longer feel Chen Xiang’s Qi.

Chen Xiang felt that being discovered by the woman just now was because he was too obvious, that was why she was able to see him from afar. Now that he had hidden himself, the woman could no longer discover him.