Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

The mysterious woman in front of him had said that the Mei Emperor was a useless thing that could be turned around at any time. This meant that the Mei Emperor was a substitute that she had created, and a substitute that had self-awareness. Normally, she wouldn’t control the Mei Emperor, but the substitute’s subconscious had its own mission to complete.

The Elder Nine girl was indeed Feng Yujie and Feng Yujie had said that she was also very powerful back then. Her second Divine Deity and divine soul were also located in that grave and her peak strength should be at the level of the gods, maybe even stronger.

The girl in front of Chen Xiang was very strong, and she called Hell Devil Emperor trash.

"That’s right, even big sister doesn’t know about this. How could you have guessed it?" A sliver of surprise appeared on the woman’s charming face. "It seems that the useless thing has bewitched her for many years. Elder sister is still that stupid." Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Chen Xiang felt a lot more at ease. At least, the Younger Nine Girl in front of him was not as evil as he had imagined.

"Since you called her Big Sister, why did you use a double to give her trouble? Every time she mentions you, she’s very sad, don’t you guys have any feelings for each other?" Chen Xiang believed that there must be a secret behind all of this.

Younger Nine Girl’s expression changed, becoming extremely vicious as he said angrily: "You don’t need to care about this matter, I can’t let her know my situation yet, so in order to keep it a secret, I won’t let you go back."

Chen Xiang curled his lips: "Wouldn’t it be even more straightforward if you killed me?"

"I will kill you, but not now. You are the biggest hindrance to my plan, and if not for you letting that trash Hell Devil Emperor fail so many times in a row, my plan would have succeeded a long time ago."

Chen Xiang scrunched his legs, he realized that he was still the most important person to Younger Nine Girl, if not he would have been killed a long time ago.

He laughed: "What plan? Since I can make the Hell Devil Emperor lose so much, maybe I can make you succeed, why don’t I help you? From how anxious you are, your plan should have started when the Nine Divine Kings disappeared, Younger Nine Girl."

"Younger Nine Girl is not something you can call me, just call me one more time and I’ll cut off your tongue." Younger Nine Girl glared at Chen Xiang.

Regarding Chen Xiang’s previous suggestion, she was also considering it now. Although Chen Xiang’s strength is very weak, his ability is not small, and he has already grasped the two Taboo magic s, the God Murdering Sword Techniques and the Heavenly Alchemy.

"What are you doing here? Isn’t it the battle between the Devil-killing Divine Palace and the Hell Divine Palace right now? How can I let you go? Even if the Old Demon Destroyer wanted to destroy this place, he should have called his son here. He shouldn’t have brought you here." Younger Nine Girl was very curious about this. She folded her arms across her chest and walked back and forth in front of him. She was already moved and wanted to cooperate with Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang was secretly delighted. Obviously, Younger Nine Girl did not know that there was a powerful Hexagonal disk in Hell Devil Emperor that was working with her on this, and there was definitely a reason why he was hiding things like this from her.

"I came here to look for something. I know that the Hell Devil Emperor has a very powerful treasure, so I pretended to go into closed door cultivation for the next few days. The moment they started fighting, I would sneak over."

Chen Xiang planned to tell Younger Nine Girl about the Hexagonal disk, but he would never say that it was Devil-killing Heavenly God and his wife who had sent him here.

"What treasure?" As expected, Younger Nine Girl didn’t know.

"You don’t know, I thought this treasure had something to do with you." Chen Xiang purposely revealed a face of surprise, he felt that the good days in Hell Devil Emperor were coming to an end.

"Speak." Younger Nine Girl shouted.

Chen Xiang anxiously said: "It’s a Hexagonal disk, I heard that he used this stuff to get a lot of demons, and can control them, other than that, the Hexagonal disk has many other powerful effects."

When Chen Xiang was speaking, Younger Nine Girl’s delicate body started trembling, with an angry look on her face. She took out a drawing of a Hexagonal disk, and angrily said: "Is it this?"

Chen Xiang had never seen the Hexagonal disk before, but it was very clear that this was the picture. He nodded immediately: "It’s this, you actually don’t know that it is in Hell Devil Emperor’s hands, and normally Hell Devil Emperor cannot bring it away, so it should be here."

"This bastard already obtained the Six Realms mirrors, he actually intends to keep it for himself." Younger Nine Girl was furious to the extreme. "I must eliminate him."

Seeing the Younger Nine Girl so angry, joy blossomed in Chen Xiang’s heart, and he hurriedly said: "Big sister, don’t be angry, the Hell Devil Emperor should be afraid of you, but since he dared to take such risks, I think he must have someone to rely on.

The Younger Nine Girl quickly calmed down. "How do you know that the Six Realms mirrors is in his hands?

"I found out about it when I got the God Murdering Sword Techniques. That guy said that it’s very likely that the Six Realms mirrors is in hell, so I took the chance to come over now." Chen Xiang casually made up a reason. Only now did he know that the Hexagonal disk was called the Six Realms mirrors, and it seemed to be very powerful.

"That’s right, the Six Realms mirrors is already damaged and needs to absorb a large amount of the Six Paths of Reincarnation to repair it. As such, the Hell Devil Emperor is usually unable to take it away either, as long as the Six Realms mirrors is far from the Six Paths of Reincarnation, it will quickly be damaged. He should have been secretly repairing it for a long time." Younger Nine Girl gave a cold laugh, then asked Chen Xiang in a loud voice: "Who transferred the God Murdering Sword Techniques to you?"

"This... I also don’t know who that guy is, but he said that he and I are fated to meet, so he passed it down to me. Right, this guy is very strong, and he even knows about Heavenly Alchemy s and Heaven Earth Killing Method s. " Chen Xiang said.

Younger Nine Girl immediately fell into deep thought. She thought for a while, then shook her head: "I have never heard of such a thing, the Four Great Taboo magic, in the history, you are the only one who has ever owned two sects."

Chen Xiang chuckled: "Sister Xiao Jiu, my relationship with Sister Feng is also very good. As long as you don’t do any evil deeds, I am very willing to cooperate with you. Oh right, you have been here for so many years, could it be that you want Hell Devil Emperor to help you find the Six Realms mirrors."

Younger Nine Girl nodded: "I wanted him to help me find the Six Realms mirrors. I promised him, as long as he could help me find it, I would give him three pieces of Upper Heavenly God’s Divine Deity."

Chen Xiang curled his lips: "This guy has already found him, but he said that he didn’t, and said that I had obstructed him multiple times, and that the Six Realms mirrors is right here, if it wasn’t for me, you wouldn’t even know, you would have found it soon, and it’s all thanks to me, look, you haven’t even said that you want to cooperate with me, and I’ve already found half of it for you."

The Six Realms mirrors was here, but she didn’t know where Younger Nine Girl was. She had already sent out her consciousness to look around.

The Younger Nine Girl snorted and said, "You can talk after you find one. I won’t treat you unfairly."

Chen Xiang shook his legs and laughed: "Three pieces of Upper Heavenly God’s Divine Deity."