Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The Hell Devil Emperor was still alive, so Chen Xiang had to be on his guard. Although the Hell Devil Emperor had lost, that did not mean that he would decline, and perhaps rise again. After all, the Hell Devil Emperor had been here for so long, and was connected to the Highest Devil God behind the scenes.

With regards to the matters of the Highest Devil God, the Penalty Heavenly God did not reveal too much. It was clear that he did not want Chen Xiang to know too much about this matter.

"You can continue to stay here. After I’ve confirmed the situation outside, I’ll let you out. I don’t know what Highest Devil God plans to do yet, and I don’t know if he has already found out that the Six Realms mirrors was obtained by you."

After Penalty Heavenly God said this, his body became blurry and then disappeared.

Only the Penalty Heavenly God and the Younger Nine Girl knew that the Six Realms mirrors was in Chen Xiang’s hands. The red-haired old demon also didn’t know that Chen Xiang had already gotten the Six Realms mirrors.

However, Penalty Heavenly God was still worried. If she knew that the Six Realms mirrors was in Chen Xiang’s hands, then Chen Xiang would probably go and hide in hell.

Right now, Chen Xiang could only stay here. He had to properly plan out what he had to do in the future, there were simply too many things he had to do, the most important thing right now was to become stronger in ten years, and then go to the Supreme Divine Palace to train.

"Xue Yi, does your incomplete memories have anything to do with this guy? Is this guy really the grandson of a Divine King, then who is his father? He actually cultivates two Taboo magic s, Heaven’s Body and Heavenly Alchemy." Chen Xiang hoped that Long Xueyi could retrieve something from her memories.

Previously, when they were collecting the Six Realms mirrors, Long Xueyi had told Chen Xiang how to do it. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Long Xueyi shook his head: "I don’t know, if I had it in my memories, the moment I saw him, it would have popped out of my memories."

Memory is like this. Perhaps you can remember the names of many acquaintances, but it is very difficult to say the names of all those acquaintances in a short period of time. However, after seeing that group of acquaintances, you can easily say them one by one.

Chen Xiang did not dare to take out the Six Realms mirrors, afraid that the Highest Devil God would sense it.

"But I know the background of that Highest Devil God, he is also one of the Supreme Divine Palace, he is mainly responsible for the devilish way of the six paths, I do not know the specifics, in short, he is very powerful, he is one of the six Divine Kings in the Supreme Divine Palace."

Hearing Long Xueyi say that, Chen Xiang anxiously asked: "Then what is this Six Realms mirrors, could it be that it was created by the six Divine Kings?"

Long Xueyi said: "No, the Six Realms mirrors seemed to be formed naturally, I don’t know of its specific usage, maybe after I recover some of my memories, I will know a bit."

Helping Long Xueyi to recover his memories from his previous life was also a very important matter.

Not long after, Penalty Heavenly God returned. He nodded at Chen Xiang: "You can go back now."

... ....

Chen Xiang returned to the Devil-killing Divine Palace, but was not heavily injured, because the battlefield was the Hell Divine Palace, and inside the Devil-killing Divine Palace, he saw many injured disciples. In this battle, none of the disciples died, and the majority of them were the Devil-killing Heavenly God and more than ten powerful Divine God disciples.

Devil-killing Heavenly God was currently resting. In order to reduce the number of casualties, he had used his full strength from the very beginning, so Chen Xiang could only see Devil-killing Heavenly God’s avatar.

After finding out that Chen Xiang had returned, the Devil-killing Heavenly God sent him to a secret floor. He had already found out from the Penalty Heavenly God that the Six Realms mirrors had fallen into Chen Xiang’s hands.

"Before the Six Realms mirrors is completely repaired, you must not let this space out. Once the Highest Devil God senses it, the consequences will be severe." Devil-killing Heavenly God warned Chen Xiang the moment he saw him.

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "Main Heavenly God, just what uses does this Six Realms mirrors have? I have obtained the Six Realms mirrors, how can I make good use of it."

The Devil-killing Heavenly God sighed: "The Six Realms mirrors is a divine object raised by six paths, I don’t know its true purpose. Back then, the Six Realms mirrors had once fallen into the hands of the Highest Devil God, and was then snatched away by the Nine Divine Kings. Before the Nine Divine Kings went missing, it was used by one of the Divine Kings of the Nine Divine Kings to battle, and after being heavily injured, its location is unknown.

Chen Xiang was very curious about the power of the Six Realms mirrors, he could only wait for the Six Realms mirrors to repair itself before he could take it out and research it.

"I have already sent Xiao Chou over to a friend’s place. This is to let him have a greater confidence in passing the Supreme Divine Palace’s trial. You need to carefully consider this matter in the future." The Devil-killing Heavenly God said: "In terms of your cultivation, I have nothing to guide you in. It is all because of your own comprehension.

Devil-killing Heavenly God instructed a few more things before letting Chen Xiang leave.

When Chen Xiang came out, he immediately went to find Wang Jinshi, who was also waiting for him.

"Senior Sister, are you hurt?" Chen Xiang saw that Wang Jinshi’s face was pale white, and couldn’t help but be worried.

"Of course I’m fine. You don’t even know whose daughter I am." Wang Jinshi laughed tenderly: "You don’t have to worry about Hell Devil Emperor bothering you anymore. This guy should be recuperating right now, his shrimp soldiers and crab generals, our Devil-killing Divine Palace will continue to hunt them down."

Chen Xiang smiled and nodded: "Thank you so much. I will be more relaxed in the future."

Wang Jinshi patted Chen Xiang on the head: "You can rest in peace and prepare to take on the Supreme Divine Palace’s trial. I will be going into closed door cultivation soon, when you see me again, I will be a god."

After that, Chen Xiang and Wang Jinshi headed to the hotel in the Divine City, and continued to drink with Zu Chao and the others, all the way until dawn.

After daybreak, Chen Xiang left Devil-killing Divine City alone.

When Chen Xiang arrived, he directly rushed to Yang Yan’s hotel. At this moment, the place was still talking about the great defeat of the Hell Divine Palace.

Although the God of Fortune had a cooperative relationship with the Hell Devil Emperor, the God of Fortune did not help out in the previous great war. It was the same for the other halls that had some connections with the Hell Divine Palace, as they were obviously afraid of provoking the Devil-killing Heavenly God. Furthermore, the Hell Devil Emperor had secretly done a lot of shady things in the past few years.

Yang Yan was already the profound God, and looked like he was a playboy. But in Chen Xiang’s eyes, this Yang Yan was a terrifying person who hid his strength well, fortunately, he was not his enemy.

This time, it was not easy seeing Yang Yan, because Yang Yan was not in the hotel, he was already out, so Chen Xiang could only wait patiently.