Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Feng Yujie did not look like he was injured, it was just that he looked haggard, as if he had consumed too much energy.

Chen Xiang and Lv Qilian waited for her to speak. She closed her eyes and took a few deep breaths before taking out a golden pellet and consuming it.

"I’m fine. I just used up too much of my divine power." Feng Yujie’s voice was very low, and with a single glance, one could tell that she was very weak.

Chen Xiang asked: "Why would it be like this? You should be very safe in this city.

Feng Yujie was now a god. If a god were to fight here, it would be known as long as they were in the city, unless they were in the space inside all divine palaces.

Feng Yujie shook his head: "No, I just used a secret technique, to not reveal myself, I have been monitored the entire time, so in order to see you guys, I can only use that secret technique."

and Lv Qilian looked at each other. Previously, Lv Qilian had already guessed that Feng Yujie was in a bad situation in Divine Female Palace, but it seemed to be true.

"Is it that Pill God?" Lv Qilian asked: "Your current strength is not weak, even the more powerful god, I am afraid they are unable to threaten you."

Feng Yujie shook his head again: "It’s not Dan God Ye, but a guy named Highest Devil God. He’s inside Divine Female Palace right now." Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Hearing Highest Devil God, Chen Xiang’s heart suddenly jumped.

Highest Devil God believed that the Six Realms mirrors was stolen by Younger Nine Girl, and Feng Yujie and Younger Nine Girl were like sisters. That was why she was being targeted by Highest Devil God right now.

"This guy is looking for a treasure. He said that the Younger Nine Girl took the item away, and he thought that the Younger Nine Girl would come find me. That’s why he has been keeping an eye on me." Feng Yujie said somewhat helplessly: "Only now do I know that we have always been wrong about Younger Nine Girl."

The Mei Emperor in Nine Heaven World was not Younger Nine Girl at all, he was only a substitute.

This was all told to Feng Yujie by the Highest Devil God.

Feng Yujie did not know that the Six Realms mirrors was with Chen Xiang, and even more so did not know that Chen Xiang had seen the Younger Nine Girl before. Now, Chen Xiang would definitely not speak carelessly, because the Highest Devil God was monitoring him.

"Sister Feng, aren’t you in danger now?" Chen Xiang asked. He wanted to keep Feng Yujie far from the Highest Devil God.

Feng Yujie said: "You don’t have to worry about my safety, Highest Devil God still doesn’t dare to kill me, if he kills me, he will face a great calamity himself."

Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief in his heart. He did not expect that the acquisition of the Six Realms mirrors would implicate Feng Yujie, which made him feel a little apologetic.

Lv Qilian did not know the background of the Highest Devil God, and asked: "What is the strength of the Highest Devil God, to actually cause Feng Jie to behave like this."

Feng Yujie sighed: "This guy is too godly, he was enemies with the Nine Divine Kings since long ago, and in order to find a treasure, he controlled the Hell Devil Emperor. He said that he had already found the treasure himself, but the Younger Nine Girl took it away."

Then, Feng Yujie told Lv Qilian that there was something related to the Younger Nine Girl, and that it was equivalent to her younger sister, who still had no name.

Chen Xiang really wanted to tell Feng Yujie about the Younger Nine Girl, but he didn’t dare to. He was worried that he would harm Younger Nine Girl and Feng Yujie, who knows if the Highest Devil God was actually nearby.

"Let’s not talk about this anymore. It’s great to be able to see all of you. I’m really happy." Feng Yujie’s complexion had turned much better, and revealed a charming and moving smile.

Lv Qilian chuckled and nodded.

Chen Xiang asked: "Where are Elder Sister Meng’er, Xianxian and the others, have they come to Gods Realm yet?"

Feng Yujie laughed: "Of course they came, it’s just that they aren’t in the Divine Female Palace. As soon as they arrived, they went to the Divine Weapon Hall. They went with Jiang Sheng, probably because they want to learn something."

When they went with Jiang Sheng, Chen Xiang was not too worried. They were able to come to the Gods Realm, so they already had a certain amount of strength.

"Sister Feng, the number of pills we have recently increased so much. Do you know the reason behind this?" Lv Qilian asked. This was something she and Chen Xiang had always been suspicious about.

Hearing Lv Qilian’s question, Feng Yujie let out a long sigh: "The main thing is that the various divine pills have returned, once this group of divine pills gather, the first thing they do is to compete and refine the divine pills. Moreover, refining the divine pills would require a large number of sacred pills as the formula, for example, refining the Xiaping Dan, they say that there are at least a hundred thousand of them and there would be a lot of them."

"For these alchemy gods, refining pills is not as simple as just refining one or two pellets. Therefore, all the large and small Alchemist in the hall are currently refining a sacred pellet for the alchemist."

This was the first time Chen Xiang heard that the divine pellet recipe required the help of so many divine pellets.

Although Chen Xiang wanted to go and take a look at refining the Divine Pills, he felt that he would not have the chance.

Chen Xiang laughed: "Big sister Feng, are you a pill god now? The last time you said that you were beginning to refine a divine pill."

Seeing Chen Xiang’s mischievous smile, Feng Yujie knew that Chen Xiang had something in mind for her, and snorted: That’s right, I’m a pill god now, but don’t expect me to help you refine pills. I don’t have time right now, I need to quickly raise my strength, I don’t want to be closely watched by the Highest Devil God.

Chen Xiang laughed: "Sister Feng, I just want you to give me some pill formulas, I’m going to refine the Shangpin holy Dan now."

Feng Yujie had fought with Chen Xiang twice, and both times they lost miserably. Now that Chen Xiang wanted her to give him the pill formulas, she couldn’t help but laugh: "Brat, aren’t you very strong? You should be able to create your own pill formulas.

Chen Xiang curled his lips: "Don’t be so stingy, didn’t I beat you twice before?"

Feng Yujie pouted: "I want to be so stingy, who told you to not know how to give way to others, not to mention that I’m still a girl."

Seeing Feng Yujie acting so coquettishly, Chen Xiang was completely out of options. He looked at Lv Qilian helplessly, causing Lv Qilian to laugh softly.

"How do I get the pill formula?" Chen Xiang knew that he wouldn’t be able to get the pill formula from Feng Yujie unless he bled a little.

Feng Yujie’s face was filled with a proud smile, and he giggled: You promised to refine a hundred Shangpin holy Dan for me, and I’ll give it to you, but this is a mission given to me by the Dan God Ye, it’s pretty tiring.

If it was an Inferior Grade Holy Pellet, would have agreed without even frowning, let alone a hundred or even a thousand.

But this Shangpin holy Dan was different. He had never refined one before, and if he was able to refine one in a few days, it would be extremely difficult to refine a hundred of them.