Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The detailed introduction of the Wild Dragon Saint Dan was written on a sign beside the stall. It seemed to have the same effect as the Shengyuan holy Dan, but it had one more effect than the Shengyuan holy Dan, which was to increase the strength of the Shengyuan holy Dan’s body. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Goddess City was currently gathering a lot of Pill Saints, because the Dan God Ye was here, and many of them came to see if they could have the chance to interact with the Dan God Ye. At this time, a type of Shangpin holy Dan that they had never heard of appeared, and it also attracted the interest of the group of Pill Saints.

Chen Xiang didn’t know what kind of advertisement Lv Qilian and Long Xueyi had made to actually attract the pill masters he saw in the shops of the Divine Female Palace.

Even the Rosy clouds Dan Saint came to join in the fun. Other than them, there was also the surprising daughter of the Dan God Ye, Ye Qin.

Chen Xiang hid at the side and watched. Lv Qilian and Long Xueyi had instructed him not to join them.

Lv Qilian and Long Xueyi had already changed their appearances, and although they looked like two girls with decent appearances, and did not attract too much attention, they had still successfully attracted many people over.

They were both pill masters with impressive strength, able to refine Shangpin holy Dan s. At this moment, they saw with their own eyes that the Wild Dragon Saint Dan was a little shocking, too. Based on their many years of experience, they could immediately tell that it was very similar to the Shengyuan holy Dan, but there was a dragon carved on top of the Spirit grain.

There were also some Pill Saints who thought of carving the patterns on top of sacred pills, but very few of them succeeded, so even if they succeeded, they wouldn’t have much use for it. Furthermore, the reason why Chen Xiang carved the Spirit grain was only to restrict it, allowing it to integrate more perfectly with other medicinal ingredients.

"We’ll take one each." Ye Qin gave Lv Qilian a Storage bag that had God’s money inside.

Lv Qilian counted and got Long Xueyi to take out four Wild Dragon Saint Dan s.

"You guys are the top ten customers, so you guys bought one for me." Long Xueyi smiled sweetly and gave them four Wild Dragon Saint Dan.

Soon after, the other Pill Saints also took out their divine money to buy it. As long as they quickly bought one, they would get one free. With this, the top ten spots had already been snatched.

Ye Qin and the Rosy clouds Dan Saint also ate the gift and used it to test the effects. After eating it, they revealed expressions of shock, and then looked at each other and nodded.

They were all Super profound God, but after eating the Wild Dragon Saint Dan, they could clearly feel their bodies and divine power increasing. Although it wasn’t double, but this increase was already considered good for them, because if they wanted to increase their strength now, they could only become gods.

If a middle profound God were to eat it, their strength would increase by one fold. This kind of pill was much better than Shengyuan holy Dan s, but the price was the same as Shengyuan holy Dan s.

"How many pills do you have left? We’ll take them all." After sensing the effects, Ye Qin immediately made a decision to buy them all.

Seeing Lv Qilian and Long Xueyi hesitating, Ye Qin swept his gaze over the crystal chest. There were about two hundred pills, and said: "40 million, sell them all to us. How about it?"

Unexpectedly, Lv Qilian said: "This sister, we would also like to sell it to you. However, the purpose of our sale is to sell this sacred pill so that more people can experience the miraculous effects of this pill, so we can only sell fifty of them to you."

The woman of the Pill God had already said that she wanted to buy it all, which was enough to prove whether the Wild Dragon Saint Dan was a good pill or not. It could be said that the promotional effect had already been achieved, but Lv Qilian wanted a good reputation, and at the same time, wanted more people to experience the strong effects of the Wild Dragon Saint Dan.

"50 pills is 50 pills." Ye Qin was in charge of the shop and he knew that Lv Qilian’s goal in doing so was to make the Wild Dragon Saint Dan famous.

"Excuse me, but may I ask which Senior alchemist concocted it?" Ye Qin couldn’t really tell which great pill refiner refined it, because at this time, the Pill God would only store the best Shangpin holy Dan, so that in the Pill God Tournament five years later, he wouldn’t sell such a pill.

"It’s inconvenient to inform you about this. Senior has already instructed me to do so." Lv Qilian smiled faintly.

was the daughter of the Pill God. This kind of divine money was nothing to her, moreover, she had bought it on behalf of the Divine Female Palace, so she could easily take it out.

After Ye Qin and the Rosy clouds Dan Saint left, the rest of the people swarmed over, one by one, they took out their divine money to buy the Wild Dragon Saint Dan, and the remaining Wild Dragon Saint Dan were sold out very quickly.

Chen Xiang watched from the side and praised Lv Qilian and Long Xueyi in his heart. They sold out of the Wild Dragon Saint Dan so quickly.

After closing up the stall, Lv Qilian and Long Xueyi returned to their residence with extreme caution. On the way, they discovered that there were people following them, but they quickly got rid of them.

... ....

Inside the Divine Female Palace, Dan God Ye, Rosy clouds Dan Saint, Ye Qin and Feng Yujie sat together, looking at the Wild Dragon Saint Dan on the table.

"These are Shengyuan holy Dan s, but they have added a few other herbs, so they can increase the strength of the body. As for what they added, no matter how I look, I can’t find it." Dan God Ye looked at the shattered Wild Dragon Saint Dan in his palm, and said with a frown.

Ye Qin said: "Daddy, how is this person’s pill refining level? This looks to be about the same as the Shengyuan holy Dan that Sister Yu Jie refined."

Dan God Ye ate the Wild Dragon Saint Dan that was crushed and carefully savored it, then said: "Normally, high quality pills are hard to differentiate between good and bad, but I can still see that this is a little higher than Yu Jie’s pill by a little. This Alchemist’s standard is very high."

Feng Yujie already had the answer in her heart. She had heard from the Rosy clouds Dan Saint and Ye Qin that the pill sellers were two girls, and it was very obvious that they were Long Xueyi and Lv Qilian. She also knew that Chen Xiang was going to improve this Shengyuan holy Dan previously, but she never thought that Chen Xiang would complete it so quickly.

It was just that she was denied by the Dan God Ye because the Dan God Ye was very sure that there were no Blood ginseng s. It was because the Blood ginseng could not even fuse with the Shengyuan holy Dan’s medicinal ingredients and there would be many conflicts between them.

The Dan God Ye shook his head: "Could this Alchemist be creating a pill formula? But he shouldn’t have refined so many of them to sell? Could it be that he really lacks money?

The God of Pills did not lack money.

Feng Yujie said: "If they still continue to sell this Wild Dragon Saint Dan, it’s very obvious, the pill refiner behind them is very short on money."

Right now, she wanted to ask Chen Xiang and the others how exactly to refine this Wild Dragon Saint Dan, she also wanted to learn.

had already tasted the sweetness of refining Wild Dragon Saint Dan and was able to reap so much wealth in a short period of time.

Chen Xiang said: "Are we still refining the Wild Dragon Saint Dan? We don’t have anymore medicinal ingredients, we need to duplicate them. If we were to go and buy them, we might not be able to do so."

Long Xueyi was thinking about what he should buy with the divine money.

Lv Qilian said: "We’ll talk about it after a while. This 40 million is enough for us to buy a good shop. I’ve been watching it for a long time."