Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang and the two girls embraced each other for a while. Then, they heard Hua Xiangyue’s coquettish voice sound out: "Alright, little scoundrel. There’s still something important to say."

It was only then that Chen Xiang saw that Lv Qilian and Long Xueyi were also here. It must be because of the memory that they had left behind that had helped, allowing them to find Hua Xiangyue and Wu Qianqian.

"What’s the matter?" Chen Xiang could not bear to let them go.

Hua Xiangyue and Wu Qianqian both held onto Chen Xiang’s arms, pulling him to a chair for him to sit down. They also knew how hard it was for Chen Xiang to refine pills.

After Chen Xiang sat down, Hua Xiangyue and Wu Qianqian also sat opposite to him.

It was only now that Chen Xiang realised that Flower Fragrance and Wu Qianqian both had the strength of Gods, which was pretty good, at least a little higher than his cultivation.

Hua Xiangyue saw that Chen Xiang’s eyes were staring at her and laughed: "When we came to the Gods Realm, we went to look for the Dan Emperor, and we received his inheritance."

"Who knows..." Then she sighed softly, a trace of sadness on her face. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"I didn’t know that he had already died. I didn’t expect that after that generation of Dan Emperor, he would end up like this after coming to the Gods Realm." Wu Qianqian said with a depressed mood: "He can be considered our master. We received his inheritance, and it will be of great help to us in the area of alchemy."

Chen Xiang respected the Dan Emperor very much from the bottom of his heart. He did not expect that after the Dan Emperor came to the Gods Realm, he would actually die.

Hua Xiangyue’s voice was filled with anger as he said, "He was once enslaved by Feng Shen for a period of time to refine pills."

Chen Xiang clenched his fist tightly. This actually had something to do with Feng Shen.

The ice dragon was now being enslaved by the God of Fortune, and this was also the fate of the Dan Emperor.

Wu Qianqian, who looked very relaxed at first, said indignantly: "Senior Dan Emperor, he ... Because he wanted to save the ice dragon, the God of Fortune caught him and gave him a reward. In the end ... Sigh, to die tragically at the hands of a god is to be tortured to death. "

Long Xueyi was even more furious. Dan Emperor had a good relationship with her before because the consequences of saving the ice dragon were so tragic that she wished to immediately rush to Wealth Divine Palace to save him.

Chen Xiang took a deep breath, "I will definitely save the ice dragon and help Dan Emperor take revenge."

Lv Qilian said: "Feng Shen’s son is here. This guy is also selling pills at the medicine store. This guy is also not a good person."

Chen Xiang nodded her head, "At that time, I will ruthlessly suppress his shop so that he won’t be able to sell even a single pill."

Hua Xiangyue said softly, "It’s been so long since we’ve met, we shouldn’t be saying all this. Right, the Dan Emperor’s inheritance is actually related to the Heavenly Alchemy, that’s because of his comprehension of the Heavenly Alchemy, so Qianqian and I are also learning the Heavenly Alchemy."

Wu Qianqian said, "Back then, Chen Xiang passed the God purification down to me. After I comprehended it myself and learned the Dan Emperor’s Heavenly Alchemy, I improved even more."

Chen Xiang was overjoyed, and said: "This can’t be the best, I am also a student of the Heavenly Alchemy, during this period of time I will pass on my cultivation experience to you guys."

"Originally, Xue Yi and I were going to buy the Heavenly Profound Sacred Leaves and the Jade Origin Sacred Fruit, but we ran into Qianqian and Xiangyue. They had these two medicinal ingredients, so we were left with a divine sum of money."

After Lv Qilian finished speaking, he looked at Chen Xiang with an ambiguous gaze, and chuckled: "I’ve already passed the Alive Slain Method to them."

In these ten days of Chen Xiang cultivating and cultivating in seclusion, Hua Xiangyue and Wu Qianqian had already learned a lot of things about Chen Xiang from Long Xueyi’s mouth, but they did not seem to know that the most powerful usage of Alive Slain Method, was merely dual cultivation.

Chen Xiang secretly praised Lv Qilian in his heart. As expected of his palace master.

"Are both Bati Dan refined using the Heavenly Alchemy? What method do you need to refine the sacred pills for these pill recipes? You don’t seem to follow the steps in the recipes to refine them." Wu Qianqian looked at the Wild Dragon Saint Dan that was given to her by Lv Qilian.

She only found out about the effects from Lv Qilian’s mouth and did not eat them. She also knew that Chen Xiang could refine four pills in a single furnace, which was quite shocking, because any pellet with a recipe could only be made in one furnace.

"After I comprehended the God purification, I also comprehended many types of refining methods from the Heavenly Alchemy. I will teach you all this one by one, but it’s best if you use your soul to communicate. " Chen Xiang said.

Lv Qilian taught them the Alive Slain Method this way too, so they could understand now that it was equivalent to fusing memories.

"Qianqian, you go first." Although it looked like his smile was normal, both Hua Xiangyue and Lv Qilian who were familiar with him knew what Chen Xiang was planning to do now.

She had been together with Wu Qianqian for so many years, so she was very clear on just how deep Wu Qianqian’s relationship with him was. However, she had only kissed him once.

"Yes." Wu Qianqian smiled and nodded. Then, he walked over and held her hand as he walked in.

Wu Qianqian and Chen Xiang met each other at the Super Martial School. At the beginning, there was a little conflict between the two, but at that time, the two never thought that they would come to the Gods Realm. They had experienced a lot in the past few years, especially Wu Qianqian.

After Chen Xiang and Wu Qianqian entered the spacious room, he did not begin to pass down the Heavenly Alchemy to Wu Qianqian.

Wu Qianqian sat on the side of the bed, her head slightly lowered, her cheeks flushed red.

At this time, there were only the two of them, Wu Qianqian naturally understood what was going to happen.

"Qianqian ..." Chen Xiang also sat down and spread the news. Her two hands gently held Wu Qianqian’s jade face, causing her to slightly raise her head, and looked straight into her beautiful eyes.

"Yes." Wu Qianqian replied softly, then opened her pink lips slightly, uncontrollably moving her sweet lips closer to him.

However, Chen Xiang’s speed was even faster than hers. He grabbed onto her slender waist and held onto her fragrant lips, and as the two passionately kissed, they dragged their clothes along as they quickly indulged in the sweetest and happiest moment between a man and woman ...

... ....

Outside the room, Long Xueyi, Lv Qilian and Hua Xiangyue looked at each other. They seemed to be embarrassed, as if they all knew that Chen Xiang wasn’t transferring martial arts to them.

Long Xueyi suddenly said: "Do you guys want to peek?"

Lv Qilian laughed somewhat embarrassedly: "What’s there to peek at?"

Hua Xiangyue smiled charmingly, "The technique transmission is obviously not good to look at, but the technique transmission ... The other thing is different. Not only is it beautiful, it’s also very happy. "

Lv Qilian’s jade face reddened, she never thought that Hua Xiangyue would actually say these things. She did not tell Hua Xiangyue about the matter of her and Chen Xiang’s cultivation, but now that Hua Xiangyue had said it like this, she seemed to have realized something.