Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Boring." Long Xueyi curled his lips and continued eating.

Black Turtle had also awakened the memories of his previous life. This meant that he would definitely grow very fast in the future. His strength would definitely be very strong, and he would also know many of those things now.

Chen Xiang was very curious about these things and asked: "Senior Xuanwu, do you know anything about the Highest Devil God?"

Black Turtle had been fighting over food with Long Xueyi with a big smile on his face. However, when Chen Xiang asked this question, he immediately turned serious and stopped playing around with Long Xueyi.

Xuan Wu said with a face full of anger: "Of course I know, we were killed that time because of this guy. Sooner or later we will find this guy and get even with him, what’s wrong? You guys met him, but that’s impossible. If you really met this guy, you would have died long ago."

Long Xueyi suddenly asked: "Strange old man, then do you know what use the Six Realms mirrors has? My memories are missing, so I don’t really know about these things."

Xuan Wu stood up abruptly and looked at Long Xueyi in shock. With a low and deep voice, he asked anxiously: "Little girl, you have Six Realms mirrors."

Long Xueyi shook his head: "I don’t, this little brat does."

Black Turtle suddenly looked at Chen Xiang, those eyes filled with shock, causing Chen Xiang’s hair to stand on end.

It was because Long Xueyi trusted Black Turtle a lot, that was why she told Black Turtle about this matter.

"Alright, as long as it does not fall into the hands of Highest Old Devil." Black Turtle nodded his head: "Protect him well. Before you become a god, do not let Highest Old Devil know about this matter, otherwise it will be troublesome."

"You still haven’t told me how to use it. The Six Realms mirrors is currently damaged and needs a bit of time to repair it completely." Long Xueyi asked.

Black Turtle frowned, as if he was considering something.

"The main purpose of Six Realms mirrors is to be able to pry into six paths. Even if they are damaged, as long as they have enough power, they can open up a one-way path, and let some things come from the six paths."

Chen Xiang thought about the group of demons that had attacked the Devil-killing Divine City back then.

Long Xueyi was a little disappointed: "It’s only used for that, it doesn’t seem useful, fighting isn’t even good at all. Besides, what’s the use of communicating with other people, it’s not like we’re entering the six realms."

Xuan Wu lightly snorted: "Little girl, what do you know? With this Six Realms mirrors, you can directly absorb a large amount of Six Realms’ Power, that is a very powerful law of nature, the power of six paths of reincarnation is a combination of all the laws of nature."

"This Six Realms mirrors is naturally nurtured by the Great Dao. It’s impossible for us, who are insignificant, to refine such a thing." F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Chen Xiang had long known that the Six Realms mirrors was very powerful, he never thought it would be so terrifying as to be able to absorb Six Realms’ Power s. If he started to cultivate Six Realms’ Power, wouldn’t that mean that he could control the Ancient Code?

Long Xueyi said: "Strange old man, we have met the old cyan bug before. He is inside the Divine Prison, and it’s extremely difficult for him to come out ... ..."

Afterwards, she asked Chen Xiang to tell Black Turtle about the Azure Dragon in Divine Prison.

After Black Turtle heard this, he was a bit displeased. "This bastard is already that strong. He can cause a ruckus in hell, but hell requires a lot of strength. What kind of fortuitous encounters does this bastard have? To suddenly become that powerful."

Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi had also thought that the Azure Dragon was unbelievably strong.

"Little girl, you are still weak now, don’t try to force yourself to save Old Bing, this is how Dan Emperor died. If I can’t take revenge, I will leave his revenge to you.

After Xuanwu finished and left, Long Xueyi shrugged at Chen Xiang and said: "This strange old man is like this, rarely staying longer."

After Long Xueyi finished eating the dishes on the table, he walked out of the private room with Chen Xiang. He did not expect to have to pay the bill, however, it was fortunate that Chen Xiang had brought some God’s money with him, otherwise, they would have asked Lv Qilian to bring them out.

"That old bastard even said he would treat us to a meal and ran away without paying the bill." Long Xueyi scolded nonstop along the way because she felt that she was at a disadvantage after Black Turtle ate a lot of it.

Chen Xiang laughed, "Forget it, it’s only more than a thousand gold."

"It’s not a matter of money. It’s just that this guy clearly said he would treat us. He’s already finished eating and drinking. Yet, he actually left with a pat on his butt and told us to settle the bill." Long Xueyi found Long Xueyi’s current appearance very funny. If she knew where Black Turtle had gone, she would chase after him no matter how far.

Long Xueyi talked about this all along the way as he followed Chen Xiang back to the shop.

Just as Chen Xiang arrived at the entrance of the shop, he smelled a familiar fragrance.

"It’s Xianxian and Meng’er." Long Xueyi said, and she smelled it too.

Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi anxiously entered the shop and went up to the highest level. Sure enough, they saw Xue Xianxian and Liu Meng’er helping Lv Qilian to copy those medicinal herbs.

"Have you seen Black Turtle?" Liu Meng’er asked with a smile, while Chen Xiang had already walked over quickly, putting her and Xue Xianxian in his arms.

Xue Xianxian laughed, "Let go of me soon, I still have things to do." Seeing Chen Xiang being so enthusiastic, Xue Xianxian also kissed Chen Xiang on the cheek before letting go.

When Liu Meng’er was being embraced by her, she was eaten a lot of tofu. It was unknown if it was done on purpose or not, but Chen Xiang’s naughty hand pinched her waist a few times, causing her to sob in pain.

"We have already left the Divine Female Palace. Sister Feng has already told us about this, she will still stay in the Divine Female Palace." Liu Meng’er said.

Chen Xiang stood at the side and watched her and Xue Xianxian copying the Holy Medicines, and he couldn’t help but chuckle.

She was wearing a purple dress, which was both lovely and charming. Although the Xue Xianxian at the side wasn’t as impressive as Liu Meng’er with her body, she was wearing a snow-white dress, and looked elegant and refined. In addition to the sweet smile on her face, it was even more captivating.

"Little Scoundrel." Seeing how passionate Chen Xiang’s eyes were, Liu Meng’er could not help but snort.

Xue Xianxian, on the other hand, did not mind. He chuckled and said: "Who asked you to be so attractive, making this little scoundrel uneasy."

Chen Xiang said: "What are you all feeling uneasy about, it’s just that I haven’t seen you all for a long time, come back and make up for it now, pay more attention to me."

"The Profound Sky Holy Tree has grown. Do you think these Profound Sky Sacred Leaves are enough?" Lv Qilian shouted as she planted a tree that was as tall as two people on top of a large flower pot.

The branches of the tree were all snow-white, and the leaves on the tree were also the same, emitting a sparkling white light.

"Enough." Chen Xiang said as he walked over and touched the snow-white leaves.

This was the medicine used to refine the White Profound Holy Pellet, a single leaf was enough to concoct one pellet, it was only a small pellet, but the effect was very good, it could produce a few Mysterious power s.