Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Just as Xue Xianxian was about to ask Long Xueyi, Hua Xiangyue came out of the secret room.

"I can also refine four Bati Dan s in one pot. You can all try it." Hua Xiangyue laughed as she opened her palm. There were four white beads on her palm.

Long Xueyi said: "I won’t eat it, eating it won’t have much of an effect on me. I’m different from you guys, eat it."

Lv Qilian, Xue Xianxian and Liu Meng’er all took one pellet each and Hua Xiangyue himself took another.

Bati Dan s could improve on it before, and Heaven holy Dan s could only increase the strength of their divine power. However, Bati Dan s could also increase the strength of their divine power and body, and could deeply explore the hidden potential, stimulating their divine power and the ultimate strength of their body.

"Not bad, I can feel that my divine power has increased a bit. The other medicinal effect is quickly being absorbed into my body." Liu Meng’er circulated his cultivation technique and quickly felt the benefits of the Bati Dan.

Xue Xianxian also nodded and smiled sweetly: "Sister Qianqian, are you still not out yet? I still want to eat."

After saying that, Wu Qianqian also came out from the secret room, and upon hearing what Xue Xianxian said just now, she anxiously came over and smiled: "Here, I just came out, let’s see how it goes."

The Bati Dan that Wu Qianqian refined looked exactly the same as the ones that Hua Xiangyue refined.

Just like this, Xue Xianxian and the other two ate another Bati Dan, and Wu Qianqian himself tasted one.

Lv Qilian laughed: "The pill you refine is on par with Chen Xiang. You will definitely become a female divine pill god in the future."

Liu Meng’er said: "Let’s not talk about Chen Xiang, just with the two of you concocting pills, our strength will increase quickly."

Xue Xianxian laughed, "That’s better than staying in Divine Female Palace. If we want to eat the Holy Pellet, we have to do a lot of tiring things. With Sister Xiangyue and Qianqian here, we can have oral medicine in the future."

Liu Meng’er came to Xue Xianxian’s side and smiled: "Xianxian, we cannot be weak either. We need to work hard to improve our smithing skills and forge even better Divine Weapons."

Pills and Divine Weapons were things that could earn a lot of money. Liu Meng’er and Xue Xianxian also had a good foundation in this area.

Long Xueyi asked: "Are you guys done refining the Divine Vessel for Little Scoundrel? He’s been thinking about it all day."

Liu Meng’er came to the side of the Heavenly Profound Sacred Tree, gently stroked the snow-white leaves, and said: "It’s more or less there, but in order to make it even more perfect, we have to delay a little before we can give it to him."

The stone door of Chen Xiang’s secret room opened, and all the girls immediately looked over. They saw that Chen Xiang’s face was covered in dust, his clothes were burnt and tattered, his hair was messy, and he looked extremely sloppy.

Hua Xiangyue laughed and asked: "What’s going on, the furnace exploded?"

Chen Xiang curled his lips: "You guys are truly heartless. With my current state, you guys aren’t consoling me by saying some words of concern." F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Long Xueyi laughed tenderly: "Although I’m in a bit of a sorry state, you don’t look like something bad is going to happen to me."

After Chen Xiang walked over, the girls cleaned up the mess on his body, and even took out clean scarves to wipe his face that was full of dust.

"How is it?" Lv Qilian asked.

After carefully attending to the few women, Chen Xiang was very happy in his heart. He smiled: "The furnace has exploded, but it doesn’t matter, I still succeeded in refining it, hehe."

Chen Xiang took out four emerald-like pills.

"Not bad, you can refine a Chongprofound Dan in a few days." Lv Qilian picked one up, and placed it under her beautiful nose to smell it.

Of course, the real Chongprofound Dan did not need to try its effects, but Chen Xiang still let him eat them.

"Sister Qilian has already eaten one pill, there are still three pills left. Who wants to try it?" Chen Xiang laughed complacently.

Other than refining Chongprofound Dan, Chen Xiang had also refined a Holy Pellet that he had created himself. This surprised Lv Qilian and made them even more so, because they knew clearly that this was not an easy task.

Liu Meng’er wiped off the dirt on the back of Chen Xiang’s neck and laughed: "and I don’t need it. Qianqian, Xiangyue, eat it.

Wu Qianqian and Hua Xiangyue immediately ate the Chongprofound Dan. After they ate it, they quickly discovered that their soul was wrapped in a layer of silvery-white multicolored light. This was the Mysterious power that the Chongprofound Dan had brought along.

Hua Xiangyue said: "Right now, we are still not in the later stages of Upper True God, so eating this pill is a bit of a waste."

Lv Qilian nodded his head: "We will eat after reaching this stage. If the quantity is sufficient, it will be very easy for us to become profound God."

Chen Xiang saw that after they had refined the medicinal power, they had taken out the Holy Pellet that he had created.

"Why is it purple, it looks very different from a Chongprofound Dan." Wu Qianqian carefully picked one up and carefully examined it with his jade palm.

This deep purple pill emitted a relatively strong violet light. If this pill were to be pitch-black, then the purple light it emitted would illuminate the entire hall.

Chen Xiang laughed: "This is called Purple profound Dan, I also did not expect that it would become like this after adding the Jade Origin Sacred Fruit and the Profound Sky Sacred Leaf. It seems that this Purple profound Dan is very perfect, this is probably due to luck."

After Hua Xiangyue and the other two girls ate it, a layer of faint purple mist actually emerged from their bodies, making them look even more beautiful.

Wu Qianqian cried out in alarm: "How can this be? Could this be Purple Qi? The purple Mysterious power is much stronger than the white Mysterious power of the Chongprofound Dan from before."

Hua Xiangyue was also surprised, "Not only that, I feel that even my flames have changed because of this."

Although Lv Qilian frowned, his face was still filled with surprise and joy. "This could be the legendary Purple Qi Holy Pellet."

Chen Xiang also ate one pill, and a layer of faint purple mist also appeared on his body. However, it quickly disappeared, not staying as long as Lv Qilian and the other two.

"I didn’t expect it to be a Violet Qi Holy Pellet. I was wondering why most of the white medicinal plants turned purple." Chen Xiang laughed out loud: "Creating a pill recipe requires luck."

Xue Xianxian asked: "What is a Purple Qi Holy Pellet? I have heard of Lingguang Dan before, it is a sacred pellet that possesses Spiritual Lights. Is there any difference between this Purple Qi Holy Pellet and a Lingguang Dan?"

Chen Xiang explained: "The difference is great, Lingguang Dan s need to deliberately use some methods to refine it, but this Purple Qi Holy Pellet is formed by a combination of many different medicinal ingredients that are perfect in order to produce the purple qi. Normally, purple qi would appear in the divine pellets, but there are very few divine pellets, almost none, but it’s because of the existence of the purple Qi Shen Dan that the concept of a Purple Qi Holy Pellet exists."

Hua Xiangyue continued: "The Purple Qi Holy Pellet appeared when the recipe was perfect, so its effects are very good, and the effects of the Purple profound Dan, should be more than five times that of the Chongprofound Dan, as for the price ... It’s up to Sister Qilian to decide. "

Lv Qilian said: "We want to sell it for two million gold coins per pellet, and this is our Town Security Holy Pellet."