Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

At night, Feng Yujie sneaked into the shop. Chen Xiang and the rest were still busy working on their own things, and had some medicinal ingredients to concoct into pills for themselves.

Chen Xiang, Wu Qianqian and Hua Xiangyue were all concocting pills in the same secret room, while Xue Xianxian and Liu Meng’er were studying the method of refining the divine book.

Only Long Xueyi and Lv Qilian, who were still in the hall, could make their plans.

"Sister Feng, you should also leave Divine Female Palace and join us." In his heart, Lv Qilian had always hoped that he could be with them, because Feng Yujie had the strength of a god and was very trustworthy.

If I suddenly leave Divine Female Palace, Hallmaster will definitely be suspicious. I have already determined that there is a problem with Hallmaster. Feng Yujie said: "But don’t worry, although there is a problem with the hall master, I can handle it, I just do not want to cause too much trouble."

Feng Yujie smiled at Lv Qilian: "Even though I’m in the Divine Female Palace, I’m still one of you. I’m in the Divine Female Palace, we can look after each other like this."

It was almost midnight, so Chen Xiang and the others came out of the secret room. As long as they were not in a rush, they would refine pills during the day and rest during the night.

"Hello, Sister Feng." When Xue Xianxian and the rest saw Feng Yujie, they greeted him.

Feng Yujie smiled and nodded. "You’ve earned so much divine money today, and yet you’re still so busy. Did this little scoundrel force you to do something?"

Chen Xiang poured a cup of fruit juice Long Xueyi had made for himself, took a sip, and curled his lips: "Don’t wrongly accuse me, this is all our own doing."

Feng Yujie laughed, "I was just speaking casually .... Now that all of you are here, I’ll tell you guys something that’s more important. "

Chen Xiang and the few girls immediately sat down and listened seriously.

But he is hiding in a dark place, and just today afternoon, Hell Devil Emperor’s men appeared in a city to carry out a massacre. Furthermore, he escaped, enraged the Penalty Heavenly God, and personally captured that guy to force him to reveal some secrets.

Chen Xiang’s expression changed, because they were currently very weak and these few women were all close to him. If the Hell Devil Emperor were to find out, it would be very dangerous.

Feng Yujie saw Chen Xiang’s worried expression and said: "You don’t have to worry, Divine Female Palace has already activated the strictest defenses, so we can sense it if anyone from Hell Devil Emperor enters. But in order to prevent any accidents, it’s better for you guys to not show yourself."

Liu Meng’er asked: "Sister Feng, you said that Penalty Heavenly God forced some things out, do you know what it is?"

Feng Yujie nodded: "I know, Penalty Heavenly God has already told us. The main point is that Highest Devil God supports Hell Devil Emperor, so Hell Devil Emperor has already secretly mobilized his power, and is prepared to oppose all divine palaces. He wants us, the various divine halls, to be more careful."

Xue Xianxian shook Chen Xiang’s hand. She knew clearly that Chen Xiang had been fighting with the Hell Devil Emperor for many years, and that after his defeat, he did not retreat. Instead, he obtained the support of the Highest Devil God and made a comeback.

Lv Qilian asked: "What kind of city is the city that was attacked?"

"Devil-killing Divine City."

Chen Xiang took a deep breath, "Is there any news about the Hell Devil Emperor, such as whether or not he is hiding in a secret place to develop his skills?"

Feng Yujie shook his head: "No, Penalty Heavenly God said they will work hard to find it. If they find it, they will inform us and have the various halls send their strongest War Gods over."

Hell Devil Emperor’s return was obviously to take revenge on all divine palaces. This was indeed important news.

Feng Yujie returned to the Divine Female Palace, Chen Xiang and the others returned to their rooms to rest.

... ....

Late at night.

"Qilian, how could you be willing to come with Meng’er?" Chen Xiang embraced the two girls, his two hands respectively placed on their soft and soft chests as he gently caressed them.

Liu Meng’er bit Chen Xiang’s arm lightly, while Lv Qilian’s face was flushed red, still immersed in the afterglow of the wild joy.

"I thought Sister Feng told us that you want to participate in that damned Supreme Divine Palace Trial." Liu Meng’er spat out lightly and used all his strength to pinch Chen Xiang’s chest. His voice was full of blame: "Sister Feng said, that’s very dangerous, why do you always have to do this kind of thing."

Lv Qilian lay on his side, with a leg under Chen Xiang’s waist. He bit his lower lip and sighed: "When are you leaving?"

With things having progressed to this point, she couldn’t say anything. Feng Yujie had already sent a sound transmission to her and Liu Meng’er regarding how dangerous the Supreme Divine Palace’s trial was.

"In another month, I will condense more purple pearls with you." Chen Xiang smirked and pinched the two women’s chests: "It’s time for us to go to Elder Sister Meng’er."

"Unsatisfied little scoundrel." Liu Meng’er scoffed.

... ....

Chen Xiang was going to participate in the Supreme Divine Palace’s trial. He didn’t tell Wu Qianqian and Xue Xianxian about this matter, he only told Liu Meng’er and Lv Qilian.

Chen Xiang happily spent a month with the few girls, and also refined many Holy Pills. Right now, Liu Meng’er and Xue Xianxian had already started their closed door cultivation.

Wu Qianqian and Hua Xiangyue, on the other hand, continued to refine pills, and would cultivate in separate sets of closed doors.

"Is that okay? Leave without telling them." Lv Qilian frowned and looked at the door of the two private rooms.

"It’s fine, it used to be like this." Chen Xiang sighed, "In any case, it won’t be for long, and in less than ten years, we might be able to meet again. It used to be like this for the past five thousand years."

Although Liu Meng’er, Xue Xianxian and the other girls were already used to parting ways, Lv Qilian wasn’t used to it, because she and Chen Xiang had only gotten used to it during this period of time.

Lv Qilian, who had always been a strong person, had tears rolling down his cheeks.

"Take this divine money." Lv Qilian handed over the six hundred million god money he earned previously to Chen Xiang.

"I want half." Seeing Lv Qilian cry, Chen Xiang wiped away her tears and smiled: "Big sister, take good care of them. If Sister Feng comes, help me bid farewell to Qianqian and Xiangyue, and let her pass some medicinal formulas on to them."

"Yes." Lv Qilian gave three hundred million to Chen Xiang from the Storage bag and left the rest to them.

Long Xueyi laughed tenderly: "Sister Qilian, you don’t have to worry, I will take care of this little scoundrel."

Chen Xiang scolded: "I’m taking care of you, Little Naughty Dragon."

After bidding farewell to Lv Qilian, Chen Xiang left Goddess City. He did not leave using the Transmission array, but went out of the city gate, and started to walk according to the Supreme Divine Palace’s trial map, preparing to head towards the trial grounds.

Half a day after leaving the Goddess City, Chen Xiang met a group of True Gods who were quite strong. Most of them were Upper True God s, with a strength of more than a hundred.

"Li Zhonghan is also here." Chen Xiang was shocked. He went closer to look and immediately understood why Li Zhonghan had appeared. It was because Ye Qin had come as well. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"What are they doing here, there are more than 10 Super profound God s, are they fighting in groups?" Chen Xiang did not continue to get closer as he watched from afar.