Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The yellow clothed man had already realized that Chen Xiang was extraordinary. If this carried on, not only would it waste a lot of his time, even he himself would probably be injured.

Therefore, he had only just dodged Chen Xiang’s space-time sword, and immediately attacked.

Chen Xiang could already feel that his skin was about to be burnt. The yellow-clothed man was extremely fast, and had even used all his strength this time.

"Die." In that moment, Chen Xiang saw the golden spear pierce through his chest, and the yellow clothed man was standing behind him, the divine spear piercing through his body.

The most frightening thing was that the moment it pierced his body, the long spear even used a violent burning power to burn through his limbs and bones. That kind of burning pain penetrated deep into his bones, causing him to uncontrollably roar out.

"God Murdering Sword Techniques." Chen Xiang roared in his heart. He had practiced the God Murdering Sword Techniques many times in the past few days, and now, he could finally use it.

The yellow robed man saw that he did not stab Chen Xiang to death with his spear and pulled Chen Xiang out. The moment he pulled it out, he felt a terrifying sword intent gushing out from Chen Xiang’s body.

Towards this sword intent, the yellow robed man felt an indescribable fear, but after that, something related to this sword intent also surfaced in his mind, he immediately understood, this was the God Murdering Sword Techniques.

Ever since Chen Xiang had inexplicably unleashed the God Murdering Sword Techniques, it was difficult for him to use it again. In these past few days, he repeatedly practiced in his mind, at the same time, he was also pondering about the profoundness of this God Murdering Sword Techniques. Now that he was in a critical situation, he could only place all his hopes on this sword.

Just like last time, everything around him had become extremely, very slow. He could clearly see the terrified expression of the yellow robed man freeze on the ground as he slowly withdrew the spear in his hand. It seemed like he was about to stab again.

After using the God Murdering Sword Techniques, the time and space around Chen Xiang would undergo a great change.

Chen Xiang’s own speed had changed normally, but the yellow-clothed man had become extremely slow. In such a comparison, he was already countless times faster than the yellow-clothed man.

The yellow clothed man seemed to be frozen in front of him, he angrily slashed out his sword, cutting off the yellow clothed man’s arms, then his head, he used his Devouring magic kungfu to swallow his Divine Sense Sea.

"You ... You want to devour my Divine Sense Sea, ah ... " The moment the yellow clothed man died, divine soul cried out in fear.

Chen Xiang did not answer him. Even if she did, he would not be able to hear her because he was already completely dead.

After exterminating the yellow-clothed man, Chen Xiang sat on the scorching sand as he looked at the fist-sized hole in his chest. His heart still had lingering fear;

"The God Murdering Sword Techniques is as powerful as the legends say. Do you have the God Slaughtering Bloodline? That sword intent just now was very pure." Yue’er flew over, and a jade bottle was carved in her mouth.

Chen Xiang knew that the jade bottle was for him, so he reached out to take it off and opened the lid, only to find a blood red liquid inside. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"I don’t have the God Slaughtering Bloodline, I’ll tell you about this later." Chen Xiang raised the jade bottle in his hand and asked: "How do I use this thing?"

Yue Er said, "Drink it directly. This is the sap from a Superior Grade Tree God. It can allow the body of a Supreme god bone to quickly grow muscles and bones. One drop is enough, so drinking a lot will be of no use."

Chen Xiang dripped a drop on his tongue, and very quickly, he felt his heavily injured body quickly recovering.

"Give it back to me. This is an extremely precious item." Yue’er called out softly. It was obvious that she took this bottle very seriously.

It was not easy for Chen Xiang to use his sword just now either, now that he was sitting on the ground, he could not even stand up, and his divine power was almost depleted.

Fortunately, he had the Supreme god bone. Adding on the things that Yue Er had just given him, his recovery was extremely quick. He was able to stand up in a short moment, but he was still swaying.

"You have to keep walking. If you don’t move, you’re going to fall back. Maybe you’ll encounter someone as powerful as that guy."

Hearing Yue’er’s words, Chen Xiang could only continue walking forward.

Yue’er replied, "Tell me about the God Murdering Sword Techniques. You don’t possess the bloodline of a god slayer, but that God-killing sword just now was so orthodox. This is abnormal."

Chen Xiang sighed, he had never understood why this was happening. Now that Yue Er had discovered that he had the secrets of the God Murdering Sword Techniques, he decided to take this opportunity to ask her, because Yue’er knew a lot of things that were trustworthy.

Chen Xiang told Yue’er about the first Divine Deity he had fused with, because he suspected that his possession of the God-killing sword was related to that Divine Deity.

Yue’er, who was originally flying in the air, stopped on top of Chen Xiang’s head and fell into deep thought upon hearing this.

Yue’er had known that Chen Xiang possessed the Heavenly Alchemy before, and now that she also had the God Murdering Sword Techniques, when she found out about the matter of the Divine Deity, many things surged in her mind.

"Your Heavenly Alchemy was obtained from that Divine Deity, and now, you’re even connected to it." Yue’er muttered softly, "And this guy is already dead. Many years ago, there were a few who learned these two Taboo magic s at the same time, but with the Heaven Earth Killing Method, there’s only one left."

Yue’er really knew who the owner of the Divine Deity was. The white tiger had refined the Divine Deity into a Killing-god heart, but it had harmed him, and even Qi Shi had been implicated, making it much better for him. Furthermore, it had brought him great benefits.

"Who does it belong to? Even though I have completely refined this Divine Deity, to be able to let me possess the God-killing sword makes me feel very uneasy." Chen Xiang said.

Yue’er replied, "This guy doesn’t belong to Supreme Divine Palace, but the Deities Templar that he resides in is as powerful as Supreme Divine Palace."

Chen Xiang was shocked once again. Other than the Supreme Divine Palace s, there were actually other powerful divine halls.

Yue’er saw Chen Xiang’s surprise and explained: "You might not know, but the few shrines that are tied to the Supreme Divine Palace are known as the Three Great Temples. The owners of that Divine Deity should be from inside the Six Realms Divine Palace."

This immediately made Chen Xiang and the Six Realms mirrors associated with each other.

There are a few things that the Supreme Divine Palace will help you with. The master of your Divine Deity, even though he was from the Six Realms Divine Palace, was considered a top-notch Supreme God in the Six Realms Divine Palace. However, I don’t know why he fell in the end, nor do I know where the Six Realms Divine Palace and the Supreme Divine Palace died.

"I never thought that he would actually die in Nine Divine Kings’s territory. How did he die, this guy shouldn’t have died."

Hearing Yue’er’s words, Chen Xiang immediately thought of the God Battle inside the profound Cold Ancient Realm. There were many strange things that had happened there, and it was still a mystery up till now.

"If the Nine Heaven World that Nine Divine Kings created was able to kill the Six-Daos Divine Monarch, then only that Nine Heaven Devil Palace should be able to do it. It was the Nine Divine Kings who ran out of the Nine Heaven Devil Palace to kill him." Yue Er muttered to herself.

Chen Xiang asked: "Yue’er, what exactly is the background of Nine Divine Kings? They are so powerful, and they actually have the power to deal with them.

Yue’er shook her head and replied, "Highest Devil God is just a little god of the demonic way, responsible for sending the message from the Six Paths Demon Palace. He doesn’t have that kind of power at all, and being called the God King is extremely powerful.

It was clear that Yue’er wasn’t too clear about how the Nine Divine Kings got trapped inside the Nine Heaven Devil Palace either.

"But don’t worry, your Divine Deity shouldn’t have any adverse effects on you, otherwise it would have already begun. It’s just that there are some things that you cannot completely refine, such as the God-killing sword. This is a good thing for you." Yue Er said.