Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Since the Six Realms mirrors had already recovered, and was now Chen Xiang’s only reliance, he could only rely on it to smoothly complete the trial. According to what he knew, the biggest use of the Six Realms mirrors was to absorb the Six Paths of Samsara’s power through the Six Realms mirrors.

Long Xueyi, who knew about this, was already fast asleep, but he did not know how to use it. He was worried that accidents might happen if he recklessly used it, so he was currently considering whether he should let Yue’er know that he had the Six Realms mirrors.

Chen Xiang said in a serious tone: "Yue’er, you must keep the things that I’m about to say a secret for me. If this gets out, I’ll be in trouble."

Yue’er smiled. "You still don’t trust me?"

Along the way, Chen Xiang and Yue’er had indeed become good friends, and could be trusted.

"I have a Six Realms mirrors, and this Six Realms mirrors was already damaged before. It is only now that it can repair itself." Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to Yue’er. "I don’t know anything about the usage of Six Realms mirrors."

Yue’er could hardly believe that such a treasure would actually be on Chen Xiang. When Chen Xiang used his spatial power, she felt that he was not a simple person, and he even said that he had the two Taboo magic s, the Heavenly Alchemy and the God Murdering Sword Techniques.

"Is this true?" Yue Er asked in shock.

"It’s true." Chen Xiang nodded his head: "I can’t take it out, I’m worried that Supreme Divine Palace will know about it."

Yue’er understood and sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang: "I’m very curious, how did this Six Realms mirrors end up in your hands. Six Realms Divine Palace and Supreme Divine Palace have always been searching for this mirror.

Chen Xiang told Yue’er about the matter of Highest Devil God searching for the Six Realms mirrors. After Yue’er heard about it, she laughed: "This Highest Devil God is in trouble, he will definitely be scolded by the Six Realms Divine Palace. In order to take possession of everything, he actually lost the Six Realms mirrors." Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"Yue Er, how do I use this Six Realms mirrors?" Chen Xiang asked. He was worried that he would very soon exit the desert, and the moment he walked out of the desert to another environment, it would be a trial of a higher level. That would require the strength of the profound God to pass.

"Most people aren’t very clear about the use of Six Realms mirrors. Even people like Highest Devil God only know how to use Six Realms mirrors to open up tunnels and attract demons, or to absorb Six Realms’ Power. I just happen to know the true usage of Six Realms mirrors." Yue’er proudly said, "You’re really lucky to have a body full of treasures."

Chen Xiang urged: "Quickly tell me how to use the Six Realms mirrors. I heard that just by absorbing the Six Realms’ Power to cultivate, one can control the power of the Ancient Code.

Yue’er nodded her head: "That’s right, but Six Realms’ Power is not something that can be easily absorbed. You have the Heavenly Alchemy, so you can absorb it as you wish, and use the Heavenly Alchemy to refine it as well, but the refining speed will be very slow.

"If you want to make good use of the Six Realms mirrors, you’ll need to work with a long-lost Taboo magic, also known as the Six Realms magic kungfu."

Chen Xiang’s heart jumped, he already had three of the Four Great Taboo magic s, the Heavenly Alchemy, the God Murdering Sword Techniques, and his heavenly body, all that was left was the Six Realms magic kungfu.

"You have the Six Realms magic kungfu." Chen Xiang asked anxiously. Gathering all four s, if he were to cultivate all of them, he would definitely be strong.

Yue’er said: "Of course I don’t, this is the Six Realms Divine Palace’s precious technique. Although it is not included in the Taboo magic, no one has ever cultivated it to the great perfection stage, because cultivating this technique requires a large amount of Six Realms’ Power, the six divine kings who established this technique all those years ago were the only ones who had cultivated it. At that time, he also possessed a Six Realms mirrors, so he sealed the Six Realms magic kungfu among the Six Realms mirrors."

understood that getting the Six Realms mirrors also meant getting the Six Realms magic kungfu. As long as he carefully studied the Six Realms mirrors, he would be able to find the Six Realms magic kungfu.

"Isn’t the Godking of the Six Daos very powerful right now?" Chen Xiang did not let the Six Realms mirrors out. The Six Realms mirrors was in his Divine Sense Sea.

"No, the Six Paths Godking has disappeared. To date, it’s still a mystery." Yue’er said: "Go and check if there are any Six Realms magic kungfu s inside the Six Realms mirrors. If there is, I will teach you how to use the Six Realms mirrors to absorb the Six Realms’ Power, and that is the fastest way to do so."

Chen Xiang just climbed over a high mountain and continued to walk on top of the desert. He immersed his consciousness into the Six Realms mirrors and started to search for the Six Realms magic kungfu.

"Yue’er, don’t tell me that the Six Realms mirrors wasn’t absorbed directly? If it was taught to you, how would you know?" Chen Xiang was still very curious about Yue’er’s identity, even though he already knew that she came from the Beast Divine Palace.

"Ordinary use is only like using magic treasures, but Six Realms mirrors requires a special method to use them. This is an incantation that only I know, because my ancestor was a good friend of the Six Daos Divine King and he was also a cat." Yue’er replied, "My memories were inherited from my ancestors. That year, after the disappearance of the Six Daos Divine King, my ancestors joined the Beast Divine Palace."

The person in charge of the Six Realms Divine Palace was actually a Divine King, with the same strength as the Nine Divine Kings. Furthermore, the Nine Divine Kings had also mysteriously disappeared, so Chen Xiang felt that there must be a connection between them.

"There really is one." Chen Xiang found a place to store memories within the Six Realms mirrors. After he broke open the door, a large amount of information poured into his mind, all of which were cryptic chants.

"There are six levels to the Six Realms magic kungfu, and learning six would allow you to reach the Perfection Stage. First, learn the first level, and after comprehending the first level, you can start to absorb the Six Realms’ Power to cultivate. Of course, if you can work with the Heavenly Alchemy to cultivate it, that would be for the best." Yue Er said.

Chen Xiang walked while trying to comprehend the chants. Using Philosophic stone s, it was not difficult for him to comprehend.

Over ten days later, he said to Yue’er, "I should be able to start cultivating now. Tell me what the incantation is, I will absorb the Six Realms’ Power and cultivate."

Yue’er immediately transmitted the incantation to Chen Xiang’s mind. It was extremely short and a little strange, and the pronunciation of the incantations required a very high level of skill in order to chant those incantations.

"Anyway, I can’t recite this incantation. You should learn it yourself and recite it correctly." Yue Er said.

It was not easy for Chen Xiang to learn the incantation based on the voice. After practicing for a few days, he finally managed to master the incantation properly before starting to use it together with the Six Realms mirrors.

The Six Realms mirrors had already fused with him, so he could only use his mind to absorb the Six Realms’ Power, but he could only absorb a small amount.

As he recited the chant for the Six Realms magic kungfu in his mind, he was chanting the incantation Yue Er gave him. Very quickly, he felt that the number of Six Realms’ Power s that surged out of the Six Realms mirrors was indeed a lot more than before.

"Looks like I have to completely convert all the God Power in my Divine Sense Sea into Six Realms’ Power. This Six Realms’ Power should be able to replace the Mysterious power, and allow me to become a profound God." Chen Xiang knew that it would take a long time, but he had no other choice.