Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The fact that the Devil-killing Divine Palace was forced to such a state showed that the Hell Devil Emperor was very strong. With the secret support of the Supreme God, it would not be difficult for them to destroy the other shrines in the Gods Realm.

Devil-killing Heavenly God said: "Chen Xiang, even though your current strength is very strong, the power Hell Devil Emperor has right now is not something you can imagine. Otherwise, we wouldn’t be in such a miserable state."

Chen Xiang looked out the window at the ruins, and said: "Then what do we do now, if this goes on, we won’t be able to do anything, we can’t leave here temporarily, can’t we come back later?"

Devil-killing Heavenly God shook his head: "If I could have left, I would have definitely left, but I definitely cannot leave now, because right now, Hell Devil Emperor’s primary target is us. Once our Devil-killing Divine Palace dissolves, Hell Devil Emperor has no target, the consequences can be imagined."

The Devil-killing Heavenly God was doing this for the sake of the entire Gods Realm. Chen Xiang thought about it carefully, if it wasn’t for the fact that the Devil-killing Heavenly God was holding on here, the Nine Heaven World might have already fallen. The reason the Devil-killing Heavenly God created the Devil Slayer Art was to deal with this kind of evil demon, the Hell Devil Emperor, so of course he couldn’t show weakness.

"There’s really no other way." Wang Jinshi sighed, she had already made up her mind. Originally, she and the ten junior brothers and sisters were together, but now only the three of them were left.

From the moment they joined the Devil-killing Divine Palace, they had already had this kind of awareness, and would definitely fight the demons to the death.

Devil-killing Heavenly God frowned and took a deep breath: "Yes, the only way is to find helpers. Chen Xiang, are you willing to take the risk?"

Chen Xiang immediately nodded his head: "Of course I am willing, I am also a part of Devil-killing Divine Palace, moreover Hell Devil Emperor is also my sworn enemy."

When I first entered the Super God Restricted Area, I met a few friends there, all of whom were close friends of life and death. They also promised me at the time that once I was in trouble, they would definitely help me out, however, I can’t go there myself now, I can only let you notify them in my stead. "

Super God Restricted Area was an extremely terrifying place, and everyone in the hall was emotionally moved after hearing that.

"How do we find them?" Of course, Chen Xiang was not afraid of going to that place. Supreme Divine Palace’s trial was so terrifying, but he was able to pass it, so the Devil-killing Heavenly God believed that Chen Xiang would be able to complete it.

The Devil-killing Heavenly God had always had this thought, but there was only one person who had a chance of entering the Super God Restricted Area and finding his friends. The reason why he couldn’t go there by himself was because once he left, the Hell Devil Emperor would launch a surprise attack and no one would be able to resist him.

"This is my token. Give it to them and they will believe you." Devil-killing Heavenly God passed a white jade tiger to Chen Xiang.

"Where are they in Super God Restricted Area?" Chen Xiang asked again.

"I don’t know, I only know that they are still in Super God Restricted Area. You have to find them as soon as possible, go to Super God Restricted Area, this Jade Tiger will help you find them." The Devil-killing Heavenly God said, "We have to be fast, we won’t be able to hold on for long." Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Chen Xiang nodded, after keeping the jade tiger, he suddenly heard an angry shout from outside: "Chen Xiang, get out here right now."

Devil-killing Divine City had been covered by the black clouds for many years, and now that the black clouds had dissipated, it meant that there was a Ranker who was secretly dispersing the black clouds, and the person who was shouting outside was Feng Shen.

Feng Shen was dressed in a big red robe, his handsome face was filled with anger and coldness. He held a big black machete in his hand, and floated outside the Devil-killing Divine Palace with a murderous look on his face.

"This guy came so fast." Chen Xiang looked at the tall and sturdy figure of the Feng Shen outside the window and muttered.

"What happened? When did you provoke this guy?" The Devil-killing Heavenly God also frowned. Chen Xiang should have just finished the trial, yet this Feng Shen was already here.

"I crippled his son. Who asked his son to be so arrogant ..." Just as Chen Xiang finished speaking, a few more figures appeared outside.

Devil-killing Heavenly God’s face was full of astonishment. He knew from a glance that the appearance of these Pill Gods definitely had something to do with Chen Xiang.

"I’ll go to Super God Restricted Area first. Main Heavenly God, we’ll be troubling you guys on the outside." Chen Xiang laughed and then teleported away.

Just as Devil-killing Heavenly God wanted to curse a few words at Chen Xiang, he realized that Chen Xiang had already walked far away.

"Chen Xiang is not here, why are you looking for him?" Devil-killing Heavenly God, Ren Tianyong and the others walked out of the Divine Palace with Divine Weapons in their hands, showing that they did not welcome the arrival of Feng Shen and the others.

Feng Shen said angrily, "I’m going to kill him. Quickly come out and accept your death!"

Dan God in Blue Costume said, "He took away our Nine Strange Divine Fruits, we want him to return them."

The Devil-killing Heavenly God sneered a few times: "So that’s how it is, but he really isn’t here. Even though he is a member of my Devil-killing Divine Palace, you can’t possibly destroy this crappy place of mine just because of him, right?"

"Devil Slayer, you should be clear about your current situation, don’t force me to help Hell Devil Emperor." How could he not be angry when his son’s Divine Deity had been removed by Chen Xiang?

Devil-killing Heavenly God asked indifferently: "Are you threatening me?"

Feng Shen said coldly: "I’m only asking you to hand Chen Xiang over, I won’t make things difficult for you guys, I’ll give you another chance."

Devil-killing Heavenly God took a deep breath and said expressionlessly: "I already said that Chen Xiang is not here. Even though I, the old devil slayer, was forced to such a state by Hell Devil Emperor, it does not mean that I am afraid of you."

With that, Devil-killing Heavenly God’s entire body flashed with a gold light, the powerful aura caused the ground to tremble, the wind to kick up and the anger to the skies turned into a burst of golden astral wind, roaring and wreaking havoc in all directions, setting off bursts of golden lightning.

"Even the God of Fortune would not dare to act so arrogantly in front of me. Who do you think you are?" Devil-killing Heavenly God was furious. He turned into a bolt of lightning and suddenly appeared in front of Feng Shen. His withered hand that was filled with divine power was already tightly holding onto Feng Shen’s throat.

Although Feng Shen had long since been on guard, he was still unable to stop the Devil-killing Heavenly God’s terrifying strength. Right now, he was like a little chick whose neck has been grabbed by someone, and simply had no strength to resist.

They were all from the Upper Heavenly God, but the gap between them was so huge that it shocked the Pill Gods beside them. They had all heard of the power of the Devil-killing Heavenly God, but had never seen it with their own eyes.

Feng Shen truly believed that he and Devil-killing Heavenly God were both Upper Heavenly God s, and that Devil-killing Heavenly God had spent so much time and effort on them, so his vitality would definitely be greatly damaged. He never would have thought that he would be pinched so tightly that he couldn’t even fart.

"Devil Slayer, that should be enough, right?" A wave of cold air attacked, and a white ice dragon appeared in the distance. On the head of the dragon stood a youth. It was the God of Fortune.

The Devil-killing Heavenly God grabbed the God of Fortune and threw him over. "God of Fortune, take care of your disciple."

Feng Shen stood on top of the ice dragon, not even daring to look at Devil-killing Heavenly God.