Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

If they were to leave just like that, it would mean that they were afraid of Devil-killing Heavenly God. If they did not leave, they were also worried that Devil-killing Heavenly God would attack them.

"I’ve already said it before, if Chen Xiang isn’t here, it’s up to you guys to believe me or not." Devil-killing Heavenly God swept his eyes across the few Pill Gods. Right now, he was not afraid of anything at all.

They had personally witnessed the Devil-killing Heavenly God’s true strength. Although they were both Pill Gods and were quite strong, so it was not impossible for them to defeat the Devil-killing Heavenly God together, but there was no need for them to do so, and they would also have to pay a huge price.

"Hmph." Seeing that this group of people had left, the Devil-killing Heavenly God returned to the Devil-killing Divine Palace. Today, after all that had happened, it would be spread out very quickly.

Chen Xiang teleported away from the Devil-killing Divine City, and was already far away from the battlefield. However, the anger and pressure that Devil-killing Heavenly God felt just now had reached him, which made him extremely shocked, and felt that the Devil-killing Heavenly God would become a god very soon.

"Super God Restricted Area, another damned place." Chen Xiang sighed, he started to hurry to Super God Restricted Area.

The Super God Restricted Area was a very big region, it was said that it took up more than half of the Gods Realm’s land, but it was very dangerous, so no one dared to enter.

Chen Xiang naturally knew where the Super God Restricted Area was, but he wanted to find a good entrance.

Although the Super God Restricted Area was dangerous, it was also the place that many explorers liked to go to the most. Over the years, many safe entrances had already been opened, allowing them to safely enter deeper parts of the Super God Restricted Area.

If they entered from other places, they might encounter an unexpected danger and lose their lives.

Chen Xiang travelled for a few days and saw a Divine City. Just as he was about to go over, a white light flashed and a woman dressed in white appeared in front of him.

"Xue Yi." The one standing in front of him right now was the Long Xueyi who had been in a deep sleep for many years.

In the past, Long Xueyi was always a mischievous person with a mischievous smile, giving people a sweet and beautiful feeling.

But now, Long Xueyi in front of him, gave off a cold aura. She looked like a lonely and proud winter plum in the snow, filled with a cold and prideful aura, a feeling that prevented others from seeing her for a thousand miles, making Chen Xiang feel that she was a stranger.

"Are you going to the Super God Restricted Area?" Long Xueyi asked, her voice also become colder. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"Yes." Chen Xiang nodded, and asked with a frown: "Xue Yi, what’s wrong?"

Long Xueyi took a light breath, and his expression became a lot more relaxed. He shook his head: "I don’t know, that while I was sleeping, I unknowingly recovered some memories. Right now, I feel like I have two types of memories."

Chen Xiang walked over and fiercely held her in his arms, looked at her deeply and solemnly: "Those are not two types of memories, but your previous life. But that is already a thing of the past, you are the real you now that you have been reborn, you have to suppress the effects of your previous life’s memories on your emotions and personality."

Long Xueyi looked at Chen Xiang in shock, then nodded his head. He leaned his head on Chen Xiang’s chest and closed his eyes, following Chen Xiang’s instructions.

Chen Xiang lightly patted her back, "Xue Yi, you must find yourself again and become my old Little Naughty Dragon."

He knew that Long Xueyi’s situation was a little complicated, because the memories of her previous life were only a portion, and they slowly awakened, causing Long Xueyi’s memories to be incomplete.

If he inherited the memories of his previous life that could bring about negative emotions, it would be bad for Long Xueyi. Chen Xiang did not want Long Xueyi to be like before, cold and indifferent, and bear a deep grudge against him.

Just like that, Chen Xiang hugged Long Xueyi for an entire day and night, and only after hearing Long Xueyi’s playful laughter did Chen Xiang heave a sigh of relief.

"Little Naughty Dragon, you scared me to death." Chen Xiang pinched her face tightly, he chuckled, and was already feeling assured.

Long Xueyi smiled sweetly, stood up on her tiptoes and kissed Chen Xiang’s lips, then smiled: "Relax, I’m fine now."

Chen Xiang nodded and hugged her again. He was still very worried that she would become like before.

"You passed the trial, how did you pass?" Long Xueyi was very interested in Chen Xiang’s training.

Chen Xiang held her hand and walked toward the Divine City in front of them. He slowly told her about what had happened in the trial grounds ...

"Ah... It’s been decades since we last saw it. " Long Xueyi stuck out his tongue, then laughed: "Fortunately, I got something from sleeping this time, I didn’t expect my broken divine soul to be so powerful, to actually absorb each other, and gather all of them together, so I didn’t have to look everywhere."

"Where are they?" Chen Xiang was also very happy, because searching for these remnant souls for Long Xueyi was also a headache. Now that they had all gathered together, it would save him a lot of time.

"In the Super God Restricted Area, I died in the Super God Restricted Area back then, where the residual souls were the most. That’s why I ended up gathering in there." Long Xueyi said: "As far as I know, the profoundwu clothing is inside there as well. The was created by the Nine Divine Kings."

profoundwu clothing was the first version of the profoundwu diamond armour, and it was also the most powerful one. It was created by the Nine Divine Kings, one could imagine how powerful it was.

Chen Xiang’s profoundwu diamond armour was destroyed during the trial, so when he gathered at Four Symbols Divine Weapons, he already knew where the Four Symbols Divine Weapons was.

"You don’t want to enter the ring anymore?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I’m not going in, I’m not too weak now." Long Xueyi waved her fist, and laughed: "I’m very powerful now, do you want to try?"

Long Xueyi had not slept for so long for nothing, she had indeed become very strong.

"I don’t know where Sister Qilian and the others went. I didn’t manage to find them when I went to the Goddess City." Chen Xiang wanted them to be prepared, because in two years, the Divine Prison would be destroyed and the villains would come running out.

Chen Xiang told Long Xueyi about how he offended the Pill God and was forced to leave the Goddess City.

Long Xueyi said: "Don’t worry about them, Sister Feng will definitely be with them. Maybe they have already started developing secretly, and just want to keep a low profile."

Chen Xiang nodded, he raised his head and looked at the gigantic city gate, and read the words "Divine City Supreme Forbidden" above the city gate.

Back then, this Divine City was known as the largest and strongest Divine City. Part of Long Xueyi’s memories contained the matter of the Divine City.

The reason why they called themselves Super God Restricted Area was also related to the Supreme Forbidden Divine City. And right in front of another gate in the Divine City, there was a safe entrance that led to the Super God Restricted Area.