Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The Ice Dragon was now the mount of the God of Fortune, and Black Turtle had been chased before. Now that he knew there was a female dragon, forget about Young Master Yuan from the War God Shrine wanting it, even profound God with a little strength wanted to help him.

"I won’t let you take her away." Chen Xiang looked at the surrounding profound God. Although they were all profound God s from the War God Shrine, he did not put them in his eyes.

Young Master Yuan laughed, "I, Yuan Tailiang, will definitely get what I want. If you know what’s good for you, obediently release her and come into contact with the Master-servant Contract. This is your last chance."

The old man selling the profoundbing said: "You should hand over the dragon. Young master Yuan is the eldest son of Bai Zhan, the Pill God of the War God Shrine. You cannot offend the Super profound God."

Chen Xiang had already clenched his fists tightly. Making him hand Long Xueyi over was tantamount to letting him die, something he couldn’t do.

"If you hand over the dragon and join the War God Shrine, I’ll give you a good position." Young Master Yuan had already walked over, while the God of Heaven behind him released a strong divine might, wanting to intimidate Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang said coldly: "What if I don’t give it to you?"

Young Master Yuan sneered, "You won’t die even if you don’t give me one. But I will catch you and cut your flesh off bit by bit until you give me one."

Young Master Yuan wanted to do it himself, because Chen Xiang posed no threat to him at all. After all, there was a powerful Heavenly God behind him, and if anything went wrong, he would be able to stop him at such a close distance.

"I will shout three times ..." "One, two, three ..."

After Young Master Yuan shouted, he took out a sharp sword and was about to attack, but then something strange happened. Chen Xiang suddenly disappeared and his body released a terrifying sword intent.

God-killing sword.

The face of the War God Shrine’s Empyrean God of War paled. He wanted to attack, but it was too late.

Chen Xiang who had suddenly disappeared, appeared again, but the sword in his hand had already pierced into Young Master Yuan’s chest, his voice was filled with anger, he bellowed: "If you all take a step closer, I will destroy his Divine Deity, I, Chen Xiang, will keep my word."

This person was actually Chen Xiang. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

The surrounding people subconsciously scattered, and they knew that the terrifying sword intent they had felt just now was the God-killing sword.

"Something that can’t withstand a single blow." Chen Xiang pulled out his sword, and slapped Young Master Yuan fiercely, after that he punched him in the chest, and said to the Heavenly God who had an ugly expression: "Let me go, or else he will die."

Young Master Yuan was the son of the God of Pills. A God like him must rely on the God of Pills to advance, so he didn’t dare to act rashly right now.

Chen Xiang grabbed Young Master Yuan and teleported away, leaving the small city. After getting far away from the small city, Chen Xiang smashed Young Master Yuan heavily onto the ground and stepped on his face.

"I’m crazy! So what if you’re the son of the God of Pills? I can kill you if I want to!" Chen Xiang said sinisterly as he trampled down with his foot mercilessly. He had trampled on Young Master Yuan’s face until it was unrecognizable.

Young Master Yuan shouted, "Return your Divine Deity to me, return your Divine Deity to me! Otherwise, my father will lead the entire War God Shrine to kill you, and even destroy your Devil-killing Divine Palace."

"Pfft." Chen Xiang kicked him on his stomach, "I’m the least afraid of threats. If you want to return to Divine Deity, then go dream on."

Chen Xiang beat him up badly, then bent down and activated Soul Absorbing Devil Spell on him. He searched through the memories in his head and quickly found what he was looking for.

"It’s indeed Ziqian." Chen Xiang thought, that group of people from the War God Shrine were really chasing after Bai Ziqian, but Bai Ziqian was alone, she was not with Su Meiyao and the others.

Bai Ziqian had obtained a very powerful poison, which had killed a Super profound God in the War God Shrine. This Young Master Yuan also wanted to use that poison to protect himself, so he suggested to personally capture Bai Ziqian.

"Go to hell." Chen Xiang brandished the God Slaughtering Sword and pierced it towards the terrified Young Master Yuan, releasing a large amount of flames.

At the same time that Young Master Yuan’s body was penetrated, the flames also entered his body, causing him to unceasingly howl and churn.

Just as Chen Xiang was about to leave, he sensed the aura of the God of Heaven approaching him, so he immediately teleported. However, the God of Heaven released a burst of power that interacted with his spatial passageway, making it very unstable, causing Chen Xiang’s teleportation to fail.

Seeing that half of Young Master Yuan’s body had been burnt and was dying, the God of Heaven was enraged and threw a punch towards Chen Xiang.

"Not good." Chen Xiang dodged hurriedly but the blood red palm that flashed past in an instant followed him and struck his body in an instant.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

When the palm landed on Chen Xiang’s body, he felt as if the sky was spinning and his body was about to explode. If not for the power that Long Xueyi had channeled into her during that critical moment and fused with his, his body might have already exploded.

Chen Xiang laid on the ground, spitting out a few mouthfuls of blood before he slowly crawled back up.

He was only a middle stage profound God, and profound God and the gods were split into different mountains and rivers. He did not know how many times stronger they were than him, and it was already a miracle that they were not destroyed after being angrily attacked by him.

The God of Heaven was right next to Young Master Yuan, checking the situation. Suddenly, his body trembled as he shouted in anger, "Young Master Yuan is dead!"

Chen Xiang laughed coldly: "It’s good that he died, who asked him to seek death."

"You have to die too." The War God Shrine’s deity let out a crazy roar. The surrounding ice cracked open and began to shake violently. Large amounts of ice began to crack and explode. It was as if the ice itself was boiling.

Chen Xiang immediately turned around, took out his Six Realms mirrors, and then, the God of Heaven mercilessly threw a palm at him.

The violent palm power whistled through the air, ruining all the tall ice mountains nearby. This showed just how powerful that palm attack was.

"Six Realms mirrors, it’s all up to you." Chen Xiang quietly held onto the Six Realms mirrors, and used all his ability of spatial energy, using the spatial laws to teleport away.

"Pfft." Chen Xiang spat out a mouthful of blood, the force of that palm strike was too strong, just the incoming pressure was unbearable.

"Let’s go, I’m also heavily injured." Long Xueyi shouted. Her divine soul had fused together with Chen Xiang’s;

The Six Realms mirrors in Chen Xiang’s hand suddenly released a burst of white light that wrapped Chen Xiang up, and in a flash, it left the area when the palm attack came.

"Don’t even think about escaping." The Heavenly God looked around, trying to find any trace of Chen Xiang, but he could not find anything. Previously, Chen Xiang had brought Young Master Yuan here, and he could sense where Young Master Yuan was.