Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Han Deyuan was an outstanding War God within the War God Shrine, and was extremely loyal to the War God Shrine. Although Young Master Yuan died this time, he did not receive any blame, but he had a new mission to give him, which was to cooperate with the search for Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi were heavily injured by Han Deyuan, and Han Deyuan had been hiding his strength very well. Neither Chen Xiang nor Long Xueyi had been able to see that he had the strength of a God.

"Even though Chen Xiang had already escaped, his divine soul had already been severely injured by me. Even if he had divine pellets, it would have taken him at least half a year to recover. When he fled back then, he had obviously overused his strength, so he must still be hiding in Super God Restricted Area right now." He stood on top of a huge Frisbee. On top of this Frisbee were a few white-robed old men, as well as a Unwearying Fighting Dan God filled with killing intent.

Although Han Deyuan was a God, he couldn’t help but feel a bit panicked under the powerful aura of these Upper Heavenly God s. He even more so, did not expect that the Four Great Elders of the War God Shrine would all take action this time.

"Chen Xiang, I must capture him and refine him." Unwearying Fighting Dan God was furious. He was a rare genius of the War God Shrine, a famous War God and also a pill god. Among the pill gods, he was publicly acknowledged to be the strongest.

A white robed old man said, "We have to find Chen Xiang quickly. Hell Devil Emperor, Feng Shen and the others have all come, and a few old fellows from Fire Divine Palace are also secretly entering the Super God Restricted Area. They are probably here for the God Slaughtering Sword on Chen Xiang’s body."

In this place, only Han Deyuan had come into contact with Chen Xiang, so it was more likely that they would be the first to find him at the War God Shrine.

... ....

Chen Xiang sat inside a huge ice mountain with his eyes tightly closed. He was bitterly pondering on how to use the Six Realms mirrors s to combine various kinds of cultivation techniques and unleash a power that could reverse the flow of time.

"The Six Realms’ Power already contained the power of the Time Laws. However, I do not know how to use it. Although there is a power inside the Six Realms magic kungfu, I do not understand it." Chen Xiang only used two days’ time to unravel a method to apply the Time Laws from the Six Realms magic kungfu. The mental cultivation methods written on the Six Realms magic kungfu were extremely few.

Chen Xiang shook his head and relaxed his mind. In the two days he had spent researching the Six Realms magic kungfu, not only did his divine soul injuries not improve, they even showed signs of worsening.

"I can only find an opening from the Seven devil-slain kungfu and the God Murdering Sword Techniques." Chen Xiang sighed, he realized that his body was still too weak, and actually could not block the attack of the God of Heaven, which resulted in his divine soul being heavily injured.

With the help of the Philosophic stone, Chen Xiang’s progress quickly had a breakthrough. With the help of the Seven devil-slain kungfu and the God Murdering Sword Techniques, he barely understood the incantations for the Six Realms magic kungfu’s Time Laws to circulate its energy.

This indeed required the cooperation of Six Realms mirrors, and it would even cause some damage to the Six Realms mirrors.

"Just this once and let me pass this time." Chen Xiang also didn’t wish for the Six Realms mirrors to fail. If he had to, he would definitely not use it in the future. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

He allowed the Six Realms mirrors to enter the collapsed majority of his Divine Sense Sea World, floating above the frail and dispirited divine soul. Following his understanding of the mental cultivation method, he slowly activated the calm Six Realms’ Power in his Divine Sense Sea.

Originally, his divine soul had suffered heavy injuries and thus was unable to circulate large amounts of Six Realms’ Power. However, since the Six Realms mirrors was currently in the Divine Sense Sea and he was using the secret method inside the Six Realms magic kungfu, the Six Realms’ Power in the Divine Sense Sea began to surge crazily and gush forth.

The Six Realms mirrors released a burst of white light, shining on the dispirited divine soul, following that, it started to spin quickly, and started to reverse the flow of time.

Chen Xiang could control as he pleased the portion of time that needed to be reversed, and he could not return the memories within the divine soul back then. Otherwise, he would lose a portion of his memories for a period of time, which was why he had used the secret method inside the Six Realms magic kungfu to isolate a portion of the memories.

When the Six Realms mirrors was operating, it required a large amount of Six Realms’ Power, but Chen Xiang had a lot of Divine Sense Sea s, and currently, they were frantically being drawn out, so in a short period of time, more than half of them were gone.

Not even an hour had passed before the Six Realms’ Power was mostly already sucked by the Six Realms mirrors and at this time, the Six Realms mirrors also stopped. Chen Xiang also saw that the divine soul inside the Divine Sense Sea had become lively and strong, recovering to the point where he was not injured at all.

"The Six Realms mirrors is damaged." Chen Xiang saw that there were cracks on the Six Realms mirrors and felt his heart ache. He did not expect that in such a short period of time, the Six Realms mirrors would be heavily injured.

Long Xueyi said: "The reason the Six Realms mirrors received even more serious of damage before, should also be because of overuse. If the time between your reversal was not too far, and it was only by a few days, then there shouldn’t be any problems."

Chen Xiang gently caressed the cracks on the Six Realms mirrors’s surface, then putting it into his body. The Six Realms mirrors could self-repair itself by absorbing the Six Realms’ Power, and it was only a crack on the surface right now, the injury wasn’t too serious.

Originally, it would have taken Chen Xiang a hundred years to recover from his serious injuries. However, with the help of the Six Realms mirrors, he recovered in just a few days.

"Let’s first recover the Six Realms’ Power in my body first."

When Chen Xiang was cultivating, because his divine soul had been refined and baptized by the Six Realms’ Power, after his divine soul absorbed the Spirit Qi of heaven and earth, it would be converted into Six Realms’ Power.

A drop of the Six Realms mirrors’s Six Realms’ Power contained the same amount of energy as the ten great vats he had condensed. The difference was many times greater, if there was a day he could cultivate his divine soul to the level of a Six Realms mirrors, he wouldn’t need to rely on the Six Realms mirrors anymore.

Chen Xiang rested for two days and had already recovered to his peak state. Afterwards, he left the ice mountain and set off to search for the incomplete divine soul that Long Xueyi had left behind.

Long Xueyi was still heavily injured, she needed to absorb the remnant soul to recover.

"In that direction, it should be deeper within the Super God Restricted Area. Be careful." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang did not know that there were already a few groups of Rankers that had entered the Super God Restricted Area to specially capture him, but he was still extremely careful as he released a very large spatial sensing domain.

After more than ten consecutive teleports, he was already far away from the safer region outside. If not for the Transmission array, even if the God of Heaven was flying, it would take more than ten days to reach him.

"It’s colder in the depths." Chen Xiang released the Space Domain to prevent the cold from invading, but he still felt a bit of coldness.

The place he was at was covered in snow and cold wind. He couldn’t see anything, so he could only rely on his senses. From time to time, large chunks of ice would fly out and strike the ground, causing the ground to tremble.

"This sort of place isn’t for humans to stay in at all." Chen Xiang muttered to herself as she continued walking in the direction that Long Xueyi had pointed, because her residual soul was nearby. Furthermore, she wasn’t sure of her exact location, so she was sure that it would allow Chen Xiang to go according to her perception.