Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

In order to protect Long Xueyi, Chen Xiang did not go anywhere, nor did he do anything else. He only condensed spirit liquid as he watched Long Xueyi, who was sealed in ice.

Ten days later, when Chen Xiang heard the sound of cracking sounds, he became excited.

Bang! With a loud sound, all of the ice in the room shattered. A beautiful lady in white floated out from the ice and landed in front of Chen Xiang like a leaf.

Chen Xiang looked at Long Xueyi as his heart thumped in his chest. He was very worried that Long Xueyi would become the female devil who was not even recognizable to her parents, but the current Long Xueyi had a very different aura than before.

But, Long Xueyi suddenly revealed a sweet smile, and stuck her tongue out at him.

"Little Scoundrel, I’ll scare you like that. If you see my true strength, wouldn’t you be scared to the point of pissing your pants?" Long Xueyi laughed.

Chen Xiang sighed, this was just a false alarm, he pinched Long Xueyi’s face: "Quickly tell me, what are these profoundbing, when you were cultivating, you actually condensed profoundbing."

Long Xueyi hugged Chen Xiang and whispered, "I almost didn’t come back, and I almost turned into that ice-cold appearance.

Chen Xiang kissed her cheeks, and laughed: "It’s not good now, I’m scared too."

Long Xueyi raised his head and looked at Chen Xiang, pouting his lips. Chen Xiang understood her meaning, so he moved his lips closer and kissed her passionately.

After they passionately kissed for a while, Long Xueyi said in a soft voice: "Little Scoundrel, I want to dual cultivate Alive Slain Method with you, you have been waiting for too long right?"

’s eyes immediately lit up. Previously, he and Long Xueyi were already extremely intimate, but they were still unable to break through the last level. He knew that Long Xueyi had his difficulties, but the time was ripe.

"Little Dragon, you’ve been waiting for a long time, right?" Chen Xiang laughed sinisterly, while the long skirt she was wearing had already fallen off, revealing her enchanting jade body caused Chen Xiang’s breathing to become heavier.

"See how I’ll deal with you." Long Xueyi smiled and pounced towards Chen Xiang, pouncing Chen Xiang to the ground. The ground also had an additional layer of soft white carpet.

"Who’s afraid of who?" Chen Xiang laughed, then rushed in, straight towards Huang Long.

... ....

Long Xueyi’s divine soul had already merged with his body, and the two of them were hugging each other with incomparable satisfaction, speaking words of love in hushed tones, as if they had already forgotten why they had come to the Super God Restricted Area.

"Get dressed, we still have work to do." Seeing Chen Xiang being "ready to make a move" again, Long Xueyi scolded and patted his face.

Chen Xiang also anxiously dressed himself and asked: "What exactly is going on with the profoundbing, there shouldn’t be a need for you to hide anything from me right now."

When Long Xueyi was wearing the clothes, it was very seductive. One could tell that she was giggling on purpose and knew that she was teasing Chen Xiang on purpose.

Chen Xiang snickered and went over to touch her body a few times.

"That’s the power of my second life’s sacred art. Of course, that caused the Super God Restricted Area to become like this, and was the second divine soul and Divine Deity of my primordial spirit to be destroyed once again. However, I have already created it now." Long Xueyi sighed: "The fellow who fought against me back then also destroyed her cold divine soul, thus this place had two types of Icy cold power, I never thought it would become like this, and even affect Nine Heaven World."

"profound Cold Ancient Realm was also affected, what’s going on?" Chen Xiang didn’t mind it at all. He had already predicted that Long Xueyi’s previous life would most likely have been filled with the strength of the Supreme God. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Long Xueyi said, "Nine Heaven World’s profound Cold Ancient Realm and this Super God Restricted Area are separated by a very thin spatial wall. Back then, when a large number of Nine Heaven Divine Palace’s gods were surrounded and attacked from that place, there were dozens of Heavenly God’s so they broke through the walls of Nine Heaven World and Gods Realm."

The riddle in Chen Xiang’s heart had already been solved, which made him feel much more comfortable.

"Little Naughty Dragon, you were too godly in the past, if you want to become too godly, how much divine soul do you need to use?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Guess." Long Xueyi mischievously smiled.

"Speak." Chen Xiang pinched her face.

"It’s so easy to guess at ten divine soul s." Long Xueyi curled his lips.

Chen Xiang stroked his chin, and said: "To condense ten divine soul, that shouldn’t be too hard, I just need a few months to condense a set of divine soul."

Long Xueyi was very surprised, because when she and Chen Xiang were dual cultivating, she only discovered that Chen Xiang’s body had become much stronger, and did not discover his second divine soul.

Chen Xiang also did not discover her second divine soul, which meant that he had obviously hidden himself.

"Of course it’s true. My second divine soul’s ability isn’t to attack, but to defend." Chen Xiang said: "This sacred art’s ability should be called Celestial Phenomenon."

"Celestial Phenomenon." Long Xueyi was a little confused: "You cultivate the Heaven’s Body, is there a great relationship between your innate ability and the Heaven’s Body?"

Chen Xiang nodded his head, "Celestial Phenomenon is a transformation of the sun, moon, stars, and wind. Logically speaking, this should be an attack that’s more useful, but inside the body of the heavens, this is all just main defense. There is no method to use it to attack."

Long Xueyi said: "I know that guy who cultivates the Heaven’s Body, I never thought that he was Penalty Heavenly God’s father. When I was still in Beast Divine Palace, Penalty Heavenly God was just a little brat there."

Chen Xiang asked in shock, "Penalty Heavenly God is from Supreme Divine Palace."

Long Xueyi nodded: "But he doesn’t know, he and Devil-killing Heavenly God both came from the Supreme Divine Palace, they grew up in the Supreme Divine Palace, but their parents and masters did not tell them about what happened in the Supreme Divine Palace, and only until something happened in the Supreme Divine Palace did their parents send them to the Gods Realm quietly."

"The elders in the Supreme Divine Palace have always been in contact with them and have been secretly taking care of them. However, the Penalty Heavenly God and the Devil-killing Heavenly God are currently in a difficult situation and the elder did not lend a hand. Something must have happened."

Devil-killing Heavenly God and Penalty Heavenly God actually had such history.

Chen Xiang asked again, "What happened to Supreme Divine Palace back then?"

Long Xueyi sighed: "At the time Beast Divine Palace was exterminated, there was a large difference between Supreme Divine Palace and Six Realms Divine Palace. Some said that they wanted to help Beast Divine Palace, while some said that they were worried about being exterminated, so they opposed it.

"However, the Beast Divine Palace still survived in the end, but suffered heavy losses and was controlled for many years. The reason why we attacked the Beast Divine Palace back then was mainly to attack the four beasts, the Dragon Tribe and the White Tiger."

Previously, when Chen Xiang was in the Supreme Divine Palace, he heard from the old man that the Beast Divine Palace, Supreme Divine Palace and the Six Realms Divine Palace were just places where gods gathered, and there was even a super power that stood above them.

That super strong power was obviously related to the disappearance of the Nine Divine Kings, and at the same time caused the entire Beast Divine Palace to almost be destroyed.