Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

After the formation patterns were formed, the array suddenly disappeared in a flash, and an old man in grey robes climbed onto the ground. He was Huang Jintian.

Huang Jintian crawled on the ground and shouted, "Brat, why don’t you come over and help me?"

Chen Xiang curled his lips: "Child, stop messing around, get up yourself."

Huang Jintian brushed off the dust on his body and stood up. He looked at Long Xueyi and smiled: It seems that she has awakened.

Long Xueyi smiled tenderly: "Grandfather, you know about my matters."

Huang Jintian walked over, took out the ancient book that only he himself could see, and began to record while saying: "I just found out too, my memories are connected to this book, as long as I can flip the pages at the back, my memories will appear."

Chen Xiang looked at the transparent book on each page and patted Huang Jintian’s shoulder. "Master, you’re so strong now.

Huang Jintian recorded everything very quickly, and then used that book to knock Chen Xiang’s head. He laughed complacently: "No matter what, I’m your master, I’m definitely stronger than you."

"Grandfather, why are you looking for him as well?" Long Xueyi asked sweetly. She had a good impression of Huang Jintian, and she also wanted to know some of his secrets.

"Something big. Seeing that the two of you are still so leisurely here, you must not know what is happening here." Huang Jintian looked around and said, "This place was originally a land of ice and snow, but now that the snow has suddenly disappeared, a large group of people are here searching for treasures.

Chen Xiang said, "The reason why the snow and ice in this place has disappeared is because of her."

Huang Jintian scratched his chin and thought deeply: "So that’s how it is. I roughly understand it now, looks like the power in profound Cold Ancient Realm leaked out from here."

Chen Xiang said: "Speaking of important matters, we also have important matters to attend to."

Huang Jintian sighed: "Right now, the most important thing is to save that girl surnamed Bai."

immediately guessed that it was Bai Ziqian. Previously, the War God Shrine wanted to capture Bai Ziqian, but after he killed Young Master Yuan, the War God Shrine sent many experts over, and the environment had become so good. Bai Ziqian’s ability to hide was not strong either.

"Sister Ziqian huh." Long Xueyi asked.

Huang Jintian nodded. "It’s her, she’s Bai Youyou’s big sister, I know that your relationship with Bai Youyou is very good, so you have to go save her. Right now, she is not only trying to kill her at the War God Shrine. All of the major temples wished to kill her as soon as possible. "" Hrm ... "" Hrm ... "" Hrm ... "" Hrm ... "" Hrm ... "" Hrm .... "" rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrm.

Chen Xiang was shocked, he did not think that Bai Ziqian was strong, and was only slightly stronger with the poison, but these Great Temples were like this.

"You guys didn’t know, but Bai Ziqian obtained an amazing thing called the Supreme Ancient Poison. Other than that, she also inherited the legacy of the Ancient Poison God." Huang Jintian’s expression became heavy: "I also heard about this and rushed over at the first possible moment. When I saw Bai Ziqian, I confirmed that it was true, so I came to find you." DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Long Xueyi’s expression changed greatly, "How did she obtain it? The legacy of the Ancient Poison God King is truly extraordinary. No wonder a great shrine wants to kill her."

Chen Xiang did not know the origins of the Ancient Poison God King so he quickly asked, "Is it serious?"

Long Xueyi nodded his head: "Who knows, maybe the Three Great Temples will send out their gods to confirm, that is an incredible thing. The Ancient Poison is the ancestor of all poisons, and back then, only the Ancient Poison God King knew how to use it, to use it to poison a large number of strong practitioners to death. Finally, she was killed by a coalition of many forces, how did Bai Ziqian get hold of it, no wonder she was able to poison War God’s expert to death."

Chen Xiang replied: "I don’t care about that, I just want to go save her, Master, how is she now."

Huang Jintian said, "She is currently in the Super God Restricted Area now, and has been sealed by a barrier set up by a dozen or so gods. Those gods do not dare to approach her, and she has cultivated an Ancient Poison Body.

Chen Xiang immediately channeled his spatial energy, preparing to teleport.

"Chen Xiang, I’ve finally found you. Following this old fellow is indeed enough to find you." The voice was divine.

A handsome middle-aged man floated in the air and suddenly fell down. The pressure he emitted made the ground sink a few meters. A huge round hole appeared in the ground and Feng Shen held his long sword as he floated above the hole.

"Haha ..." That old scoundrel, the Devil Slayer, has already been restrained by the Hell Devil Emperor, so today, you will definitely die. " Feng Shen laughed maniacally.

Huang Jintian looked at Chen Xiang with an embarrassed expression: "Brat, I’m sorry, I didn’t hide properly, how about this, this little dragon and I will go to Bai Ziqian’s side first, after you finish off this bastard, I’ll come."

Huang Jintian spoke so lightly, as if Chen Xiang could kill Feng Shen anytime, Chen Xiang secretly despised him, because Huang Jintian’s strength was not weak either, and he was also strong, so when the three of them teamed up, the odds of victory was much higher.

After all, this Feng Shen was a Upper Heavenly God, and Chen Xiang was just a lower god.

You can’t save her. Right now, there are more people who want to kill her than there are people who want to kill you. After I finish you off, I’ll go back and join the other Empyrean Gods in killing her.

Feng Shen’s sword shook and flames roared out. The huge pit below him was instantly covered in flames. A wave of violent qi surged out from behind him and rushed into the sky, releasing waves of violent roars.

Feng Shen was an expert in forging divine money, which was why his flames were so powerful. He was a powerful Empyrean God who used flames.

"Grandfather, go over to Bai Ziqian first and tell us his location. Leave this place to us." Long Xueyi smiled blandly, turned into a ray of white light and entered Chen Xiang’s Serene Jade Ring.

Long Xueyi could merge with Chen Xiang, and they had already cultivated together, so their fusion would become even more harmonious.

Huang Jintian wasn’t worried at all for Chen Xiang, because he already knew that Chen Xiang had gone through the Sovereign Trial and he was in the Heavenly God Realm. This Feng Shen had only just entered the Upper Heavenly God’s realm and the last time he was pinched by the Devil-killing Heavenly God, he didn’t even dare to say a word.

"Mm, you guys hurry over." Huang Jintian disappeared in a flash.

Chen Xiang secretly cursed in his heart, took out the God Slaughtering Sword, and said to Feng Shen with a cold smile: "Let’s forget about the old debts and debts."

Feng Shen killed Dan Emperor, which was something Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi were extremely furious about. Hence, today, they had to kill Feng Shen to get revenge.

Feng Shen’s son Li Zhonghan was crippled by Chen Xiang, and he was extremely angry in his heart. In his eyes, only his son could kill others, but others could never touch his son, no matter how wrong their son was.

"I should be the one who said that." Feng Shen was worried that Chen Xiang would run away so he released a fire domain that sealed the space.