Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had successfully merged with seven Chaos Fire Token. At this time, the Domain of Hell had become very quiet and even though most people believed in the Hell Devil Emperor, their heartbeats couldn’t help but quicken.

After a moment of dead silence, the Hell Devil Emperor released waves of ferocious wild laughter.

The moment he merged with the seven Chaos Fire Token, a large amount of things surged into his mind. The first thing that entered his mind was a map, a map of the interior of a huge palace. There were some routes on it, and then a large number of Spirit grain s.

"It’s here." Chen Xiang suddenly roared, interrupting Hell Devil Emperor’s wild laughter.

Hell Devil Emperor and the other god gods were startled, as they saw that the Hell Devil Emperor’s extremely sturdy Domain of Hell suddenly shattered, while the sky above was covered with black clouds, and a very large palace was gradually descending from the black clouds.

The palace was pitch black, and there were nine huge black two-headed black dragons baring their fangs and brandishing their claws. These nine two-headed black dragons had a golden chain around their neck, connecting them to the outside of the palace.

The palace looked extremely grand. Accompanied by waves of blood-colored bolts of lightning, nine two-headed dragons roared crazily, their loud roars shaking the heaven and earth.

Everyone was stunned as they watched the Demon Palace gradually descend. They wanted to move, but for some reason, they lost the power to move and couldn’t even shout out.

This terrifying black Demon Palace brought with it a terrifying and strange power. Black winds blew from the Demon Palace, and from afar, countless transparent black ribbons of light repeatedly connected to the Demon Palace.

The Dual Headed Demon Dragon roared, struggled, and danced chaotically. It was being tortured repeatedly by some kind of terrifying power that made it wish it were dead.

When the Nine Heaven Devil Palace landed, the ground suddenly shook, and the mighty Dragon Marked Gate slowly opened, letting out clattering sounds, causing people’s hair to stand on end. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

The sky and earth darkened, and when the Nine Heaven Devil Palace’s door opened, the crimson red light that shone out was like a wild demon dancing inside, trying to struggle out, but could not escape and was trapped inside the door.

The door was completely open, and it was as big as the gates to heaven. Even if he dragged a huge mountain in, it wouldn’t feel small.

Whooooosh.

A gust of cold wind blew from the door, accompanied by a decaying and ancient aura. As the wind blew across the ground, everything turned black, and then turned into black mud. What was even more terrifying, was that underneath the black mud, there was actually a large amount of moving things, and black bone claws suddenly extended out.

In front of the door, there were all these black bone claws, and they were all letting out howls.

Not long after the talons appeared, many talons suddenly shrank in the direction of the gate, revealing a road.

At this moment, black skeletons crawled out from the black mud. Thousands and thousands of these skeletons were lined up neatly, leaving only a path for the gate.

Chen Xiang swallowed his saliva. This scene was too scary, and too shocking.

The God of Fortune, War God, Fire God and the others wanted to curse, but they couldn’t say anything. The Hell Devil Emperor lied to them, saying that Chen Xiang couldn’t summon the Nine Heaven Devil Palace, but the Nine Heaven Devil Palace was right in front of them.

Hell Devil Emperor also wanted to curse, because back then Highest Devil God had told him that the Chaos Fire Token was a secret, but now Chen Xiang had summoned it. Although he did not know if he would die inside, he was sure that they had to go in now.

When the black skeleton army appeared and lined up neatly, everyone’s feet couldn’t help but move, and they walked on the road that led to the big gate.

At this time, everyone felt that they could move. They couldn’t figure out why they had consciously walked towards the door.

Chen Xiang was at the very front, looking at the countless black skeletons on both sides of him, and he couldn’t help but feel goosebumps. He had finally seen the legendary terrifying Nine Heaven Devil Palace, and he was about to enter right away.

"Hell Devil Emperor, what’s going on? Didn’t you say that Chen Xiang was unable to summon his Nine Heaven Devil Palace?" The God of Fortune roared, because he had put his life on the line.

"Hmph, you’re just a puppet. So what if you die? What are you afraid of?" Hell Devil Emperor snorted disdainfully, as he found it hard to understand as well.

"Bastard." Although he was a puppet, he still had his own ideas.

"All of you, stop arguing." Unwearying Fighting Dan God was furious, if Hell Devil Emperor had let him kill Chen Xiang earlier, then so many things wouldn’t have happened. Now, not only could he not kill Chen Xiang, he had even put himself in danger.

The ice dragon followed behind. He wanted to quicken his pace to catch up, but he couldn’t, because it was all controlled.

"I want to let the ice dragon leave." Chen Xiang had this strong thought in his heart, because he felt that he could form a connection with the Nine Heaven Devil Palace.

Just as this thought appeared in his mind, the ice dragon suddenly flew into the air.

"What’s going on?" The Hell Devil Emperor and the rest were also very surprised by how the ice dragon could fly.

Chen Xiang said to the ice dragon, "Senior Ice Dragon, leave the Super God Restricted Area and tell them to never come near here."

The ice dragon suddenly understood that Chen Xiang was the one who told it to leave. In the blink of an eye, the ice dragon was sent away by a wave of energy and disappeared.

For Chen Xiang to be able to control the Nine Heaven Devil Palace, they were even more furious.

Chen Xiang sneered: "I can make them leave with just a thought, but why would I do that? To tell you the truth, there’s a high chance that I would die if I enter the Nine Heaven Devil Palace, the same goes for the rest of you.

"You ..." Hell Devil Emperor roared, he wanted to kill Chen Xiang with a punch, but he couldn’t circulate the energy in his body.

Just like this, they stepped into the Nine Heaven Devil Palace step by step. The gates of the Nine Heaven Devil Palace did not close as well, and the army of black skeletons turned into a cloud of black smoke that rushed into the Nine Heaven Devil Palace.

The nine Dual Headed Demon Dragons in front of the gate had also become very quiet, crawling on the ground as if they were sleeping.

It became quiet again. There was not even a breath of wind, and the black clouds in the sky had already scattered. The sunlight was shining on the Nine Heaven Devil Palace, but it still gave off a creepy feeling.

... ....

The ice dragon was already far away from the Nine Heaven Devil Palace. While it was floating in the air, he could see a black dot on the wasteland in the distance.

"Don’t go over." The ice dragon arrived at the entrance of the Super God Restricted Area and saw a group of people rushing over on flying discs. It hurriedly shouted and flew over to stop them.

Of course, Devil-killing Heavenly God recognized the ice dragon, he felt that it was a little strange, because in the past, the ice dragons were always with the God of Fortune, and the aura the ice dragons released was also very strong, causing Devil-killing Heavenly God to secretly become vigilant.

"Why?" Devil-killing Heavenly God asked.

"Nine Heaven Devil Palace, Chen Xiang summoned Nine Heaven Devil Palace out." The ice dragon said solemnly.