Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

After Devil-killing Heavenly God and the rest were quiet for a while, Huang Jintian, who was standing at the side, started shouting, "This little bastard, I’ve warned him a thousand times not to do such a foolish thing, he’s still going to do it."

He retorted, "Ice Dragon, why did you come out? Those who have seen the Nine Heaven Devil Palace, most of them want to go in. Eh, are you out of control of the God of Fortune?"

The ice dragon nodded its head, "I have awakened the memories from that year, my strength has recovered by thirty percent, and I have escaped the God of Fortune’s clutches. Right now, you can see the Nine Heaven Devil Palace from high up in the sky, and as long as you don’t go near it, you won’t be thrown in.

Wang Jinshi sighed lightly, "If we had been a little faster, Chen Xiang would not have walked this kind of dead end."

Standing beside Wang Jinshi was a handsome middle aged man with stubble on his beard. His clothes were tattered, but his entire body was filled with an arrogant sword intent.

"Great, I wanted to go to Nine Heaven Devil Palace to have a look. Let’s go." The middle aged man laughed, and was about to rush in, but was stopped by Wang Jinshi.

"Dad, you just came out of Divine Prison, do you want to be trapped inside again?" Wang Jinshi said snappily.

This middle-aged man was Wang Jinshi’s Sword God father.

Zu Chao said: "We should discuss it with the Penalty Heavenly God, whether we want to go in and take a look."

Previously, Zu Chao and his wife had gone missing, but now that they had returned, it gave the Devil-killing Divine Palace and the rest a lot of strength. Adding that to the Sword God that had escaped from the Divine Prison, their overall strength was terrifying, and they were not afraid of the Hell Devil Emperor and the others at all.

"What’s going on inside?" Feng Yujie suddenly appeared, and she came together with Lv Qilian.

"Chen Xiang has summoned his Nine Heaven Devil Palace." Devil-killing Heavenly God recognized Feng Yujie and knew that their relationship was not bad. Back then, when Feng Yujie was chased by the Pill God, he had dodged it at Devil-killing Divine Palace.

Feng Yujie heaved a long sigh: "So it’s like that, no wonder I had such a feeling."

Lv Qilian’s face changed. She and Chen Xiang’s relationship was not ordinary, she loved Chen Xiang a lot and she had definitely heard of the Nine Heaven Devil Palace before.

"I want to go in." The usually calm Lv Qilian had actually made such a brainless decision.

"No." Feng Yujie immediately grabbed onto her tightly: "Don’t worry, since Chen Xiang is able to summon out the Nine Heaven Devil Palace, he will definitely receive some guidance."

The ice dragon continued, "Before, Chen Xiang had planned to summon them, but at that time, he was afraid that the God of Fortune and the others would run away. When the Hell Devil Emperor came, he told them that Chen Xiang did not have a Supreme god bone refined by the Nine Divine Kings, so he said that he would not be able to summon the Nine Heaven Devil Palace.

Feng Yujie said: "Because he has Supreme god bone on him, the Nine Divine Kings refined two sets of Supreme god bone, one for me and the other for Younger Nine Girl, but because there was a problem with the Younger Nine Girl, they sealed it in the place they refined the Supreme god bone, which is the center of the Nine Heaven World. Chen Xiang found the Supreme god bone there."

"So that’s how it is." The ice dragon nodded its head, "Looks like there’s fate between the Nine Heaven Devil Palace and him, as though he’s required to do something inside. We don’t know much about the Nine Heaven Devil Palace, and we don’t know what will happen to the people who summon the Nine Heaven Devil Palace.

Devil-killing Heavenly God said: "Let’s hope so, we should return and properly prepare to deal with Divine Prison’s group of villains. If we enter the Nine Heaven Devil Palace, who will deal with this group of people."

The God of Swords shouted, "I’m going to the Nine Heaven Devil Palace, don’t stop me."

"You’re not allowed to go, dad, if you go, what happens if I get bullied by your enemy that you made in the Divine Prison?" Wang Jinshi quickly pulled on him again.

When the Sword God heard this, he nodded his head. "Right, I can’t go. The Devil Slayer is too weak. He won’t be able to protect you."

Devil-killing Heavenly God snorted: "You should still go to Nine Heaven Devil Palace."

Lv Qilian looked at the entrance that led to Super God Restricted Area with extreme worry, sighed helplessly, and then followed Feng Yujie and left.

"I heard from Chen Xiang that the Azure Dragon is also in the Divine Prison. How is the situation in the Divine Prison?" Back then, when the Azure Dragon had been sent to the Divine Prison for him, he felt guilty.

He should be the same as me, the first one to run out. The gap between the Divine Prison is getting bigger, and in the future, there will be more guys that will run out, there are a lot of guys that I can’t even beat. The God of Swords said.

He planned to go to the all divine palaces because there was an entrance that led to there.

"Devil Slayer, what happened inside? My Fate Plate told me that I can’t go inside. Once I do, I’ll be in trouble." A white robed old man suddenly appeared, he was the same white robed old man that Chen Xiang had met when he first entered Supreme Divine Palace.

When Devil-killing Heavenly God saw the white robed old man, his eyes revealed respect. The originally laughing and laughing Sword God also frowned, because the white robed old man gave him a very uncomfortable feeling, and because he felt that he could not beat the white robed old man, this feeling made him very uncomfortable.

Although the white robed old man did not have any Qi, none of the Devil-killing Heavenly God and the rest dared to breathe.

"Nine Heaven Devil Palace, Chen Xiang summoned it." The Devil-killing Heavenly God said.

When the white-robed cultivator heard this, he let out a long sigh and disappeared.

"Master, who is he?" Wang Jinshi asked softly.

"An elder of the Supreme Divine Palace, and a very strong Supreme God." Devil-killing Heavenly God said, "Let’s go and quickly inform Penalty Heavenly God of this matter. Let him inform all divine palaces to block the entrance to the Super God Restricted Area. At that time, there will definitely be a large group of people who aren’t afraid of death coming to Nine Heaven Devil Palace."

... ....

After Chen Xiang entered the Nine Heaven Devil Palace, he was free to move. He walked at the front, and the moment he could move his body freely, he used the fastest speed he could muster to run to one of the doors. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Hell Devil Emperor and the rest were walking behind, and when they saw Chen Xiang enter through the door, they did not immediately chase after him, but immediately turned and ran towards the door, but who knew that just as they rushed out, they were bounced back.

"Quickly, chase him. It’s possible that he knows the way out." Hell Devil Emperor called out anxiously, crossing the great hall and entering the fan that Chen Xiang had just entered.

"Have you entered the Nine Heaven Devil Palace?" Long Xueyi asked, just now Chen Xiang had already sent her a sound transmission and briefly explained the situation.

"Hmm, I have a map in my mind, which shows me what I am looking for." Chen Xiang said, the tunnels inside all flickered with a green light, and scattered ancient Spirit grain characters could be seen everywhere.

"If we follow the map, it should be safe. We must uncover the secret behind the Nine Heaven Devil Palace." said. Knowing that Chen Xiang had a map, she was a lot more at ease. Her curiosity was piqued, and she wanted to explore this Nine Heaven Devil Palace.