Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang thought that it would be very safe to be with the Younger Nine Girl. Who would have thought that the Younger Nine Girl was filled with enemies everywhere.

The person who suddenly appeared was dressed in very tattered clothes. He had long, flowing hair, had a beard on his face, and looked quite handsome. He didn’t have two calves, but those calves turned into black mist that could cause him to float.

"Ah Feng, quickly let us see, when I find the Nine Divine Kings, you will also be free to do so. Right now, the Nine Divine Kings is in a predicament, although you have betrayed them, they are magnanimous and will not care about your matters." Younger Nine Girl said. From her words, it was clear that the man called Ah Feng was very strong.

Ah Feng laughed coldly: "Nine Divine Kings is already dead. We have been here for so long and we have not been able to find them, not to mention you, but you have caused us so much suffering. All these years, we have all wished to eat your blood and drink your flesh."

Younger Nine Girl’s face sank as he said angrily: "You bunch of bastards, you brought yourself down here, what does it have to do with me?"

Ah Feng was also extremely furious and shouted, "How can that have nothing to do with you. Back then, Nine Heaven Divine Palace met with danger, but you, as one of the two inheritors of the Nine Divine Kings, betrayed the Nine Divine Kings. We betrayed you as well, causing us to be trapped here in the Nine Divine Kings and be buried with them."

Chen Xiang found it funny and he couldn’t help but say: "If you hadn’t betrayed the Nine Divine Kings back then, what would have been the consequences?"

Ah Feng was speechless, and was immediately stunned, while the Younger Nine Girl sneered and helped him answer: "They are all a bunch of cowards. Even if they don’t follow me, when the time comes, they will also make decisions like this.

The Younger Nine Girl stabbed at Ah Feng’s sore spot, causing Ah Feng to let out a furious roar. A very long spike appeared in his hand, which fiercely pierced towards Younger Nine Girl.

The Younger Nine Girl was already prepared, he waved his sword and blocked, then he gave Chen Xiang a gentle slap, sending him far away.

Chen Xiang being far away from the battlefield did not mean that he was safe. After he was sent away by the Younger Nine Girl, he felt a gust of wind blowing towards him.

"I haven’t tasted fresh meat in a long time." A sinister laugh sounded out in Chen Xiang’s ears, and his back felt a chill, he anxiously avoided the sharp object, unexpectedly turning out to be a spear.

After dodging, Chen Xiang still had lingering fear in his heart. He took out the God Slaughtering Sword and continued to block the incoming spear.

The majority of the people inside the Nine Heaven Devil Palace were disciples of the Nine Divine Kings, and they were all extremely powerful. The two demons that Chen Xiang had met earlier were not things he could handle, and the Ah Feng he had just met was also very strong.

The dark-skinned man he was facing was also very strong, much stronger than the Green-skinned Monsters in the forest.

"Xue Yi, lend me your power. This guy is not easy to deal with." Chen Xiang blocked that attack just now and the force of the rebound nearly shattered his bones.

Long Xueyi immediately merged with Chen Xiang. After Chen Xiang felt Long Xueyi’s power, the dark-skinned man thrusted at him again.

This attack was much faster than before. Even though Chen Xiang could see it, he was unable to dodge it.

His body was not pierced at all, because the profoundwu clothing had acted as a defense and blocked the attack, but Chen Xiang was still sent flying by the force.

After Chen Xiang fell, he was secretly shocked at the strength of the profoundwu clothing. That time, he thought he was going to die, but didn’t think that he would be alright.

The dark skinned man was also surprised. Chen Xiang, who only knew how to dodge and run, was very weak in his eyes, but his spear with eight layers of power did not penetrate Chen Xiang’s body. This was too strange.

Although the profoundwu clothing had not revealed itself, it still possessed a strong defensive power. Previously, Chen Xiang did not plan to put the profoundwu clothing on, as he was worried that the profoundwu clothing would be destroyed, but now, it seemed that his worries were unnecessary.

When Chen Xiang saw that the profoundwu clothing had decent defensive power, he was immediately filled with confidence. At least he wouldn’t need to worry too much about getting killed in an instant.

"If only this profoundwu clothing had a soul and Divine Deity." Long Xueyi said: "You have to find the appropriate divine soul and Divine Deity for the profoundwu clothing and your God Slaughtering Sword as soon as possible, otherwise, the power will be greatly reduced. If these two things were to rise, your strength would also increase by a lot."

When Chen Xiang used the God Slaughtering Sword, the Six Realms’ Power in his body was unable to be channeled into the sword, so the power of the God Slaughtering Sword could not be truly unleashed.

"He’s coming." Chen Xiang saw that the black skinned man had once again raised his spear and rushed towards him. This time, his speed and strength was much faster than before.

Chen Xiang did not plan to defend anymore, but he wanted to give his opponent a ruthless blow.

This time, the spear tip was aimed at Chen Xiang’s head, the black skinned man thought that Chen Xiang would dodge, so he was not on guard at all.

Therefore, the moment the long spear pierced forward, Chen Xiang intended to go all out, and strike his arm with all of his strength to give his arm even more power, so that he could ruthlessly stab the God Slaughtering Sword.

The sword he thrust did not use any sword technique, but rather the word ’fast and precise’. The speed of lightning and the power of thunder pierced towards the dark-skinned man’s forehead.

The black skinned man did not expect that Chen Xiang would ignore the fact that his head was pierced, and even ruthlessly strike him down, and in the blink of an eye, his head was pierced. This kind of sudden attack, he did not expect it, and did not have the time to dodge.

Although the profoundwu clothing had only pierced his body, it had protected his entire body. He had only suffered a slight concussion on his head, and was not really hurt, as the profoundwu clothing had absorbed a lot of energy, causing Chen Xiang to be secretly surprised.

"Could it be that it’s because it’s in the Nine Heaven Devil Palace, that profoundwu clothing’s power is being displayed, and it didn’t seem to be that powerful before?" The profoundwu clothing that Chen Xiang had obtained from the Super God Restricted Area had also fought with a few Heavenly Gods before. Not long ago, when they were attacked by the two demons, the profoundwu clothing did not have this kind of expression.

Now that they came to this garden, the profoundwu clothing became like this, causing Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi to be extremely suspicious. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

The black skinned man’s head was pierced through by Chen Xiang’s God Slaughtering Sword, and he was heavily injured. He shouted crazily, he did not expect that Chen Xiang would be so evil, to the point where he did not even dodge nor defend.