Not long after, his Divine Deity could sense the connection to the profoundwu clothing from his body, and he consciously fused with the profoundwu clothing, and Chen Xiang also had a reaction to the Divine Deity inside the profoundwu clothing, which allowed him to release the defensive power of the profoundwu clothing at any time.

After the Divine Deity entered the profoundwu clothing, it absorbed the Six Realms’ Power from Chen Xiang’s body and awakened the divine soul sealed inside the Divine Deity.

"I wonder if the other Four Symbols Divine Weapons s are this powerful." Although Chen Xiang asked this, he already had an answer in his heart.

"Of course it’s powerful. Although I have never seen Nine Divine Kings use it before, I heard that it’s a divine tool that was used by the Ninefall Heavenly Emperor himself." Younger Nine Girl was a little jealous of Chen Xiang in her heart. She was the one who was created by Nine Divine Kings, but the Supreme god bone and Four Symbols Divine Weapons were both on Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang chuckled: "Younger Nine Girl, if Nine Divine Kings knew, would they ask me for it?"

The Younger Nine Girl snorted: "How would I know? It’s not as if I’m them, but I’ve already merged with your body. Even if they want to return, it won’t be that easy."

Chen Xiang finally got the complete profoundwu clothing, and was in a very happy mood. He almost forgot that he was still in this deadly Nine Heaven Devil Palace.

Of course, in the period of time he entered the Nine Heaven Devil Palace, he had experienced many dangerous things, but right now, he was safe and sound. Furthermore, his rewards were plentiful too.

Chen Xiang followed the Younger Nine Girl through the garden and arrived at a grassy area. Looking from afar, they could see a small river quietly flowing, with sunlight shining on the small river, causing it to look like it was flowing with a gold river. A light breeze blew past, and the small grass by the river swayed, giving off a kind of peaceful vibe.

"This Nine Heaven Devil Palace is pretty beautiful too." Chen Xiang sighed.

"Mm, I often catch fish by the river with my sister that year ... "Alas, we were still very young back then. In the blink of an eye, so many years had passed, and so many things had happened." Younger Nine Girl was deeply moved.

"Little Jiu Sis, why don’t you give yourself a name? Moreover, you’re in your own home right now." Chen Xiang laughed: "How about I help you up?"

Younger Nine Girl shook his head.

Chen Xiang asked: "Back then Nine Divine Kings did not give you a name. I heard that you would only approve if they gave you a name."

Younger Nine Girl nodded. "They will wait for me to fuse with my Supreme god bone before they give me a name."

Chen Xiang laughed: "I’ve integrated with your Supreme god bone, why don’t you let me name you."

Long Xueyi loved to give names to people, but they were all rotten names, so Chen Xiang immediately sent her a sound transmission telling her to give up on this idea.

Younger Nine Girl hesitated for a moment, then nodded her head, "I think her surname is Jiu, this is what Nine Divine Kings is called, Feng Yujie’s original name was also Jiu Yu Jie, but in order to not attract attention, she changed her surname."

Chen Xiang scratched his chin and muttered: "This surname is very rare, and also has a very ancient surname. Let me think ... Just call it Jiu Hanrou, hehe. "

Younger Nine Girl thought for a moment, then asked: "What do you mean?"

Chen Xiang laughed: "Of course there is. You are charming and moving, so you should act a bit more gentle, instead of being cold like this, you need to be gentle. Also, although you are cold, you are a bit gentle to me, so I chose to use this name."

Jiu Hanrou just snorted, he did not say that he did not agree, and looked like he agreed.

"Let’s continue on our way. After we cross these plains, we will arrive at a bad place." Jiu Hanrou said.

Chen Xiang thought back to the map, and he didn’t see anything bad there, it just showed that it was a small mountain.

"What’s wrong with that place? Isn’t it a short mountain?" Chen Xiang quickly followed up and asked.

"Those short mountains are all tombs, they are all people that were killed and buried in the Nine Heaven Divine Palace. Although I don’t know how that place has become, it has always been a bad place." Jiu Hanrou said: "The road that you pointed to on the map, will be right here."

When Chen Xiang heard that it was the tomb of a villain who had been executed, a bad premonition arose in his heart. He started to feel apprehensive, he did not want to encounter anything terrifying.

"The paths on the map are all useful to you. You first came to the forest to meet me, then went to the garden to obtain the Divine Deity of the profoundwu clothing. Therefore, going to the grave might not be a bad place. Seeing Chen Xiang’s expression change, Jiu Hanrou chuckled.

Chen Xiang curled his lips, "I’m not afraid. I’m just not like those kind of things that make people lose their appetite. The previous Ah Xiao Ah Feng was a bit better, but that green and blue skin is not good, just thinking about it makes one uncomfortable."

This prairie was very small, so Chen Xiang and Jiu Hanrou purposely slowed their pace, enjoying the beautiful scenery and the sunlight. This was because they were worried that they would not be able to see this kind of beautiful scenery for a while.

"Little Jiu jie, Hell Devil Emperor already knows that I have a Six Realms mirrors. Once you leave, you don’t need to be the scapegoat for me anymore. At that time, will you go and find Sister Feng?" Chen Xiang asked. Although the Younger Nine Girl had a name, Chen Xiang still liked to call her that.

She is my only family. Although she and I were both created by the Nine Divine Kings, I can clearly feel that we both share the same blood. To me, she is even more intimate than the Nine Divine Kings. Jiu Hanrou said, "The reason why I betrayed the Nine Divine Kings back then was also for the safety of Nine Divine Kings and her, but in the end, I still did not succeed."

In front of them were small mountains. These hills were shrouded in a black fog, and although it was just a line away from the dark green grassland, the difference was like the sky and the earth.

There were so many short mountains that it was hard to count them clearly. Chen Xiang asked curiously, "Why are you buried here if you were to be killed?"

Jiu Hanrou nodded his head: "They are all buried corpses, Nine Divine Kings thinks that the dead are big, so they will treat the dead well, and the majority of the people buried here are all strong people who are willing to die, I heard that there are some disciples that Nine Divine Kings has set their eyes on."

Chen Xiang said with her eyes wide open: "That means there are a lot of Divine Deity inside." Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Jiu Hanrou said: "That’s right, but these Divine Deity are not easy to take away. When I and big sister needed them, Nine Divine Kings told us that there were a large amount of Divine Deity buried here, and that as long as we have the ability, we could take them away at will. But in the end, we did not succeed, because these short mountains are all powerful restrictions, and only Nine Divine Kings can break through them.

Chen Xiang and Jiu Hanrou stepped into the black fog. The moment they entered, they immediately heard miserable cries from the yin wind. They turned to look back, only to find that the jade green beautiful grassland had already disappeared.

"This damned place is doomed to meet a ghost." Chen Xiang muttered as he tightly held onto the God Slaughtering Sword.