Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

After Jiu Hanrou got up, he looked at Chu Yunhui and chuckled, "Yunhui, you’re still the same. You must be feeling conflicted right now."

With that, Chu Yunhui hugged Jiu Hanrou tightly in tears. Just a moment ago, she looked extremely fierce, but now, she was as weak as a little girl.

"Hurry up and explain, your explanations are not good, I will still kill you." Chu Yunhui cried.

Chen Xiang rubbed his back, curled his lips, and said: "I’m already in so much pain, and no one cares about me, I didn’t even cry."

To make a long story short, Jiu Hanrou told her idea of choosing to be a spy and infiltrate the enemy ranks.

"But in the end, I was still wrong. I didn’t get anything from the Highest Old Devil and spent a lot of time helping him search for the Six Realms mirrors." Jiu Hanrou softly sighed as he hugged Chu Yunhui.

Chu Yunhui had already stopped crying and nodded: "This is not your fault. At that time, the Nine Divine Kings’s influence had already disappeared, so it’s understandable that you thought of a way to redeem yourself from doing such a thing. As long as you don’t betray Nine Divine Kings in your heart, it’s fine."

It was only then that Chu Yunhui remembered Chen Xiang, who had helped Jiu Hanrou block a sword strike, and asked: "Who is this man, and why are you together with him? Furthermore, he has a profoundwu clothing."

When Chen Xiang stepped out to block the sword at this critical moment, he could see that had a good personality and was very concerned about Jiu Hanrou. It was obvious that the relationship between the two was not ordinary.

"Nine Heaven Devil Palace was summoned by me ..." When Chen Xiang said this, he was interrupted by him: "It’s Deities Templar, Nine Heaven Divine Palace."

Jiu Hanrou immediately told Chu Yunhui about Chen Xiang, as well as her naming him Jiu Hanrou.

"This guy actually stole what belongs to you." Chu Yunhui frowned as he looked at Chen Xiang, "But he’s not bad, he’s trying to save you with his life."

Chen Xiang chuckled: "Actually, I have a good relationship with Sister Yu Jie. She has always been taking care of me."

Chen Xiang also found it very interesting that the grave keeper was such a woman. Furthermore, their relationship was very good, just like two sisters.

"Yunhui, I thought you were already ... I didn’t expect to see you again. " Jiu Hanrou gently hugged Chu Yunhui again.

I have been here the entire time. Even though the divine hall has been sealed, it has not affected me here. Back then, the Nine Divine Kings told me to stay here and not run around. After all these years have passed, I am still very happy that you suddenly came back. Chu Yunhui giggled.

It had been many years since he last saw a living person, and hearing these words made Chen Xiang feel weird, as if he was hearing a ghost.

The two girls had a lot of things to say. Chen Xiang sat at the side and played with the God Slaughtering Sword, but this Chu Yunhui had stayed here for so long, everything was fine. This showed that this damned place was very safe, so Chen Xiang didn’t need to be on guard.

Chu Yunhui found out from Jiu Hanrou that he owned the map, she looked at the map that Chen Xiang drew and frowned: "This is the map of the Divine Palace at the beginning, it was altered in many other places after that, I have never been to the marked places, I only know that there is a cave there, and there are not many people who know about this cave, even you do not know, it was just by chance that I know about it. At that time, the Nine Divine Kings told me not to go out, and I can’t go in either."

Chen Xiang said: "How do we get there, the road here has changed greatly."

Jiu Hanrou was puzzled: "I have lived in the Divine Palace for many years, but I did not know that there was a mountain at the back of the Divine King’s Hall.

Chu Yunhui said: "At that time I was also confused, and only found out later on that there was an extremely profound illusion array, that’s why I couldn’t see it, I was just able to see through it."

"I know the way, let’s go now." Jiu Hanrou said.

Chen Xiang was already impatient, he felt that he could go to that place and maybe find a way out. He did not want to be trapped in the Nine Heaven Devil Palace, if he did not have the map or Jiu Hanrou to lead the way, he would have been eaten long ago.

"Yunhui, come with us." Jiu Hanrou pulled Chu Yunhui’s hand.

"No, I will continue to guard this place. I believe that the Nine Divine Kings will definitely return." Chu Yunhui shook her head and said to Chen Xiang: "Your sword does not have Divine Deity, let me give you one, this is the most suitable for a divine sword."

Chu Yunhui took out a light green Divine Deity and handed it over to Chen Xiang. She also knew that Chen Xiang was not an ordinary person and had summoned the Nine Heaven Devil Palace. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Chen Xiang received it and fused with it with his blood, allowing it to enter the interior of his body. Then, it would pass through his body and fuse into the God Slaughtering Sword.

The process of fusion had gone extremely smoothly. When the Divine Deity entered the God Slaughtering Sword, the divine soul inside the sword would be awakened. In this way, the God Slaughtering Sword would be complete.

"Haha ..." Chen Xiang poured the Six Realms’ Power into the God Slaughtering Sword, causing both Jiu Hanrou and Chu Yunhui’s expressions to change greatly.

"The six Divine Lord s ..." The two girls shouted in alarm.

Long Xueyi, who was inside the ring, was also shouting in shock, because the aura Chen Xiang was releasing right now was just too similar to the six Divine Lord s.

"Six Divine Lord s? Who is that?! Is it the six Divine Kings?" Chen Xiang retracted his power, as he was completely confused.

"The six Divine Lord s are the same as the Heavenly Divine Lord, they were all exterminated, and the six Divine Lord s have also preserved their own small force, namely the Six Realms Divine Palace s. The Six Realms Divine Palace s have six Divine Kings, the Highest Devil God is one of them and the head of the six Divine Kings is the son of the six Divine Lord s, he’s already gone missing." Jiu Hanrou explained.

Chu Yunhui nodded her head, "The six Divine Lord s, six Divine Kings, and six Divine Monarchs are all three generations old but they are all missing now. Their most obvious features are the God-killing sword and the Six Realms’ Power.

Jiu Hanrou sighed: "What a pity, the Six Realms Divine Palace has basically been controlled now, and there is no hope for the six Divine Nations s to return to their country."

Chen Xiang said: "There’s no hope for us to restore our country, we can just eliminate the other Nine Gods Nation and build them back then."

"How could it be that easy? Even if we don’t talk about the Nine Divine Kings, the Nine Nether God Yan Jing couldn’t do it back then." Jiu Hanrou shook his head: "Let’s continue walking, we should first go to that place to see what clues Nine Divine Kings has left."

After bidding farewell to Chu Yunhui, Chen Xiang continued to follow Jiu Hanrou forward. They quickly walked out of the mausoleum group and arrived at a brand-new building group. The buildings here were all made from red wood and there were thousands upon thousands of them.

"Xue Yi told me that back then, there were only ten Divine Nations s. Why would another six Divine Nations appear now?" Chen Xiang looked at the gate of the city gate tower at the very front of the group of buildings.