Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

oldest Gu told Chen Xiang not to eat it first. After his two little brothers finished refining the pills, they would eat three of the pills together. Only then would they be able to differentiate the effects.

Chen Xiang was secretly pleased, he had only just joined the Tenth Dan Hall and he had already received such a great treatment, so he was prepared to eat three divine pellets.

More than two hours later, Gu Lao Er and Gu Lao San also successfully refined a Soul Transformation Pill. The quality was the same as the oldest Gu’s, high quality, but their speed was much slower than the oldest Gu’s.

oldest Gu was extremely proud: "It looks like the quality is the same, but as long as I’m even a little stronger than you guys, I will show it to this little brat. You guys just wait and admit defeat."

Both Gu Lao San and Gu Lao San did not think much of it. They thought that the oldest Gu’s speed would be inferior to theirs in terms of quality.

"Chen Xiang, quickly eat it and have a look, make this oldest Gu accept his defeat wholeheartedly." Old Gu said to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang was actually using his Spirit Essence to look at these three pellets. He was surprised to see a huge ferocious wolf, a huge blue hawk, and an enormous black bear the size of a mountain.

If it was in the past, Chen Xiang would definitely think that the quality of these three pellets was not good, otherwise he wouldn’t have clearly seen so many things with his Source Spirit Eyes. However, he was sure that the quality of these three pellets and the pellets were of high quality, in the past, he definitely wouldn’t have been able to see those things with his Source Spirit Eyes.

After he becomes a god, the methods he use inside the Heavenly Alchemy will also increase greatly. Chen Xiang was also very happy at the moment, he felt that he can almost refine this God Transforming Pellet as long as he had sufficient ingredients.

"I’ll eat it. Don’t lie to me." Chen Xiang was still a little worried about taking three of these divine pellets in one go.

Don’t worry, I won’t lie to you. Last time, there was a fellow with seven souls who ate eight pills at once. oldest Gu laughed: "Hurry up and eat it, I want to see the expressions of these two guys who have lost. Although I have already seen them many times, I can’t get tired of looking at them."

In a single breath, Chen Xiang swallowed all three of the Soul Transformation Pellets, allowing the effects to quickly show up. A burst of wolf and hawk sounds suddenly sounded out from inside his body, which meant that his two souls had merged with wolves and eagles, while Xiong’s did not fully manifest.

"Ol ’Three lost." oldest Gu laughed heartily. Old Gu San curled his lips and said: "But you haven’t won yet. Don’t be happy."

Immediately after, Chen Xiang felt his arms heat up and even swell. He looked down, and almost cursed out loud, because a layer of fur had appeared on his arms and his hands had become the claws of a wolf. Even his chest had started to grow gray fur.

Chen Xiang felt that he was about to turn into a werewolf, and the sudden burning sensation behind his back made his heart jump again. He felt that something had popped out from the two bones behind his back, it was actually a pair of blue wings.

"How could this be?" Chen Xiang never thought that he would undergo a transformation. He thought that he would only be able to obtain the innate abilities of these Divine Beasts, but his body had actually turned into this.

"Don’t be afraid, it’s not like you can’t change back. Wait until the effects of the pill come back, don’t you think that it’s a lot better than dying?" oldest Gu laughed: "You have more wolves on you, and the falcon only has a pair of wings, so I won again this time."

Chen Xiang’s upper body had changed a lot, while the lower half of his body only had changes to his calves.

"Their strength has indeed increased by a great deal. These God Beasts don’t have the power of their innate divine abilities, right? Why can’t I feel it?" Chen Xiang looked at his own divine soul and realized that his divine soul had also become like his own body, with a portion of his wolf body and a pair of blue eagle wings.

"Head." Seeing Luo Tianjun coming back, Three Gu Brothers shouted together.

Chen Xiang turned around and saw the hunchbacked old man Luo Tianjun had a smile on his face. He laughed bitterly: "Hall master, I have turned out like this."

Luo Tianjun laughed: "It’s alright, don’t you have that cultivation technique? If you can’t use it, I will help you with it."

Chen Xiang understood what Luo Tianjun meant and immediately used the Heavenly Alchemy to refine the medicinal force. His body quickly recovered, which surprised Three Gu Brothers, and she curiously asked Chen Xiang what technique he used, but Luo Tianjun said that it was a secret.

Luo Tianjun did not want too many people in the Supreme Divine Palace to know Chen Xiang’s identity, so he would try his best to keep it a secret.

"Looks like you guys got along pretty well. You three old brats, don’t bully the young. He’s pretty good at alchemy, you guys have to help each other in the future." Luo Tianjun laughed.

The oldest Gu immediately patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder and said: "How could we bully him. Although the Soul Transformation Pellet that we refined earlier was a Xiaping Dan, it was still quite expensive."

"It’s been so many years since our tenth hall only had a single brat join. Of course, we wouldn’t bully him." Second Brother Gu laughed.

Luo Tianjun nodded: "Then I won’t worry anymore. In the future, just leave the matter of buying medicinal ingredients to Chen Xiang and let him familiarize himself with the Sovereign God Realm."

Gu Lao San asked in shock: "Chen Xiang is not from our Sovereign God Realm."

Luo Tianjun nodded his head, "He came in from outside. Although he is younger than you, he has more experience and knowledge than you. You can ask him about the matters outside."

Chen Xiang had already guessed that this Supreme Divine Palace was in a small world, and there were many ordinary people in this small world. and Penalty Heavenly God had lived in this Sovereign Divine Realm for a while.

When Three Gu Brothers heard that Chen Xiang had come in from the outside, he immediately looked at Chen Xiang with eyes of admiration. They all clearly knew how terrifying that trial was and how no one had ever passed it before.

"Little junior brother, this is something that we have to do tomorrow. There is a map and Shen Yuan stone inside, if you want to walk around these places, see if any mortals in the Sovereign God Realm have found any divine medicines." Gu Lao San gave a Storage bag to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang asked: "Are you using a Shen Yuan stone to buy it? How’s the price normally? I don’t understand these things."

Luo Tianjun said: "Usually, these mortals only possess low-grade divine medicine, normally speaking, out of the five thousand Shen Yuan stone, if there is a middle-grade one, it would be increased by ten times." DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Chen Xiang nodded his head, "How did you get these Shen Yuan stone?" He took out one pellet from the Storage bag that was the size of a corn seed. It was golden in color, and each pellet was the same size.

Luo Tianjun opened his palm, there was also a stone in his hand that was the size of a corn seed, it was just that it was transparent, he said: "When there is this kind of stone, I will use the secret method to pay attention to the Mysterious power, but when there is enough Mysterious power, it will turn golden, and I can use it to buy things."

"We can also use this kind of Shen Yuan stone, because it’s filled with pure Mysterious power, and it works the best when used in combination with pills during closed door cultivation. As for ordinary people, eating this kind of Shen Yuan stone, they can also strengthen their body, allowing them to live longer."