Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang quickly left the village. Just as he left, Zhang Zhuo and the others came out from a patch of forest, and looked in the direction that he disappeared in.

You all must have heard earlier that the old woman had even better divine medicines. This year, we are in charge of purchasing them, but we did not receive any good medicines. If this goes on, we will definitely not receive any of the divine medicines. Zhang Zhuo said fiercely: "Tomorrow, we will come earlier. No matter what, we must get some good divine medicine from that old granny."

Song Peng asked in a low voice: "Hall Master, are you not afraid of the elders finding out?

Zhang Zhuo said: "I will definitely clean it and not let others know. At that time, I will conveniently take care of this Chen Xiang fellow." 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

... ....

Chen Xiang quickly returned to the small courtyard. This was also the tenth hall of the Supreme Dan Hall.

After Luo Tianjun heard this, he anxiously walked out and asked with a frown: "Brat, what’s the matter, why are you shouting so loudly?"

On the way, Chen Xiang used the spirit pearls that he and the girls had cultivated together to duplicate a flower of divine soul and blood. In the future, when he was free, he would copy it a little more.

Chen Xiang took out the Purple Yuan Divine Grass, upon seeing it, Luo Tianjun smiled and said, "Your luck is not bad, to have such a harvest on the first day."

Chen Xiang took out that flower of divine soul again, and when Luo Tianjun saw it, he could not believe it.

Luo Tianjun was very excited in his heart, but he did not become happy. He asked with a heavy face: "I only gave you fifty thousand Shen Yuan stone, and you only have forty five thousand left after buying the Purple Yuan Divine Grass. The middle grade divine soul blood would need at least three to four hundred thousand to purchase it.

Chen Xiang quickly explained and told Luo Tianjun everything, but he did not mention anything about Zhang Zhuo and Song Peng, as he felt that these things were not very important.

"So that’s how it is, this is the five hundred thousand Shen Yuan stone, this old lady seems a little strange. Last time, Gu Lao San also bought a pretty good Zhongpin medicine from her for a very low price, that price was what she called herself." Luo Tianjun handed over a Storage bag to Chen Xiang. There were five hundred thousand Shen Yuan stone inside.

The old lady asked Chen Xiang to bring a few more Shen Yuan stone tomorrow. In order for Chen Xiang to not take any more credit, Luo Tianjun gave more than enough Shen Yuan stone.

"It’s still early, it’s alright to go now." Chen Xiang looked at the sky. It was only afternoon.

"Tomorrow morning, whenever she tells you to go, you can go. The old man has a weird temper, so as to not make her unhappy." Luo Tianjun said: "You can go rest now."

He suddenly started to miss Long Xueyi and the others when he entered his room. In the past, when Long Xueyi chattered nonstop with him, he wouldn’t be so bored anymore. Now, he could only go train.

"I wonder how Master is doing." Chen Xiang really wanted to go find Huang Jintian, who knew where Yi Bidong had gone to with this elder.

Chen Xiang cultivated with his eyes closed. He possessed the Four Great Taboo magic and the Seven devil-slain kungfu that the Devil-killing Heavenly God had taught him, so cultivating it required a lot of time.

"It seems like I have to put down the Seven devil-slain kungfu. After I master the Four Great Taboo magic, it might be easier to cultivate it. The Seven devil-slain kungfu and the Four Great Taboo magic have a lot in common." Chen Xiang cultivated for an entire night, and after he woke up, he made a decision to temporarily stop and cultivate the Seven devil-slain kungfu.

Before dawn, Chen Xiang immediately set off for Xu Lingfei’s home. He really liked this sensible little girl, so when he went there, he carefully picked out some delicious fruits and some flower juice.

Very quickly, he passed through two villages and arrived at Xu Lingfei’s doorstep. It was already dawn.

Once he arrived, Chen Xiang felt that something was amiss. There was no one in the room, and he had also felt a trace of Zhang Zhuo’s aura, which was floating high in the sky.

Yesterday, when Zhang Zhuo was so fierce towards Xu Lingfei, he already caused Chen Xiang to worry a little in his heart, but now, he could confirm that Zhang Zhuo came here very early.

He walked to the outside of the fence and observed the ground carefully. He discovered that the footprints of Xu Lingfei and the old lady were arranged neatly and were taken by someone else.

In the morning, the ground was rather moist, and the soil made it easier to leave footprints. Chen Xiang followed the footprints and felt Zhang Zhuo’s and Song Peng’s scent.

"Do these guys want to follow Fei Fei and the others to the herb gathering place?" Chen Xiang blamed himself in his heart. If he had been more ruthless and killed Zhang Zhuo and the others yesterday, such a thing would not have happened.

He never thought that Zhang Zhuo and the others would actually have the thought of making a move against mortals. He thought that the Supreme Divine Palace’s restraints were very strong, but it seems like it was only to this extent.

Now, Zhang Zhuo already had the thought of making a move on them and their ancestors. Chen Xiang’s heart also became sinister and ruthless.

Following those footprints, Chen Xiang arrived deep within the mountains. His speed was fast, and his heart was heavy as well. Even though there were many beautiful sights along the way, it was as if he didn’t see them, because he was extremely worried that this cute little girl, Xu Lingfei, would be harmed.

Deep in the mountains, the aura of Zhang Zhuo and the others became more and more obvious. Even though they were deep in the mountains, there were no divine beasts in sight, so the old granny dared to bring Xu Lingfei in to pick medicinal herbs.

More than an hour passed, and in the end, the entire journey ended. Chen Xiang felt like he had traveled for a year, and looking at the small footprints on the ground, he could see Xu Lingfei skipping and jumping inside, which made him even more worried.

They were definitely going to snatch the divine medicine the old lady and the others collected, and dealing harm to mortals was an extremely serious matter. In order to prevent it from being leaked out, they would definitely silence them.

Not long after, Chen Xiang heard Zhang Zhuo scolding her: "Damned old granny, I’ll give you one more chance. If you don’t hand over the divine medicine, I’ll cut off this little girl’s hand first."

"Your Sword Hall is still the same as ever, and the disciples are always this tyrannical. Hurry up and let Fei Fei go, I can guarantee that I won’t tell anyone about what happened today. You all should be well aware of the consequences of your actions." Although the old lady’s voice was calm, there was still a trace of anxiousness in it.

Chen Xiang immediately determined that Xu Lingfei was already in Zhang Zhuo’s hands. As expected, Xu Lingfei’s crying voice could be heard: "Bad person, quickly let me go."

The furious Chen Xiang immediately used his spatial energy and instantly dashed over, appearing behind a man. Xu Lingfei was grabbed by a man, and Zhang Zhuo and Song Peng were in front, threatening the old lady.