Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang saw that Feng Yujie was a little angry and laughed: "I don’t mind if you see me, what do you mind about?"

Feng Yujie lied down on the bed, covered her delicate body with a thin blanket and snorted at Chen Xiang: "Wash faster, I still need to rest."

"Turn your head, I’m going to stand up." Feng Yujie laughed sinisterly, Feng Yujie immediately turned over, and Chen Xiang quickly stood up and put on her clothes.

After he laid on the bed, Feng Yujie sent him a sound transmission, "Did you really kill those guys?"

"I was the one who killed them. In that situation, I had no choice but to kill them, or else the one who would be in trouble in the future would be me. Don’t worry, they won’t find out. I did very cleanly at that time." Chen Xiang said.

"Tell me what happened." Feng Yujie was a little curious. Not long after Chen Xiang came in, he started to make enemies with others.

Chen Xiang told Feng Yujie everything about how he went through the trial to enter the Sword Hall, and how he had a conflict with Zhang Zhuo and the others when he was picking the herbs.

"These guys really have to kill them." Feng Yujie had already known about the divine lotus root. "So you’re saying that you have a divine lotus root in your hands?"

Chen Xiang said: "Of course, but back then when I copied it, I used up many of my spirit pearls, so if I wanted to duplicate it now, I would need to condense a lot of spirit liquids myself. If I had spirit pearls, it would be a lot faster."

Feng Yujie was also clear that the effects of the [Alive Slain Method] ’s dual cultivation would be many times greater than that of the spiritual liquid he condensed alone.

"We’re not in a hurry to get the Spirit Lotus right now. We need to learn how to concoct more divine pills first." Feng Yujie said: "You will start refining the Yuxin Dan tomorrow, I will continue to purchase my medicine and help you pay attention to the movements of the Sword Hall."

"You have to prepare for the worst yourself. If by any chance you don’t find out, you will immediately leave the area under the jurisdiction of the Supreme Divine Palace."

Chen Xiang had thought of this since long ago, but now he felt that they wouldn’t be discovered, otherwise they would have found clues long ago, because with the death of the five important Sword Hall disciples, they wouldn’t just disappear, it was enough for the Sword Hall to send out a lot of power to investigate.

"Sister Feng, do you want to learn my Heavenly Alchemy? Right now, your focus is mainly on refining pills. If you were to learn Heavenly Alchemy, there would be more pills produced." Chen Xiang said.

"Of course I do. When I first saw Xiang Yue and the rest concocting so many pills, I was already envious of them. Is this hard to learn? Xiang Yue and Qianqian both have a Heavenly Alchemy foundation, so I’m worried that it will be difficult for me to enter the sect." Feng Yujie said. Even though she had received guidance from the Divine King at a young age, she had never trained in the Heavenly Alchemy, so she did not understand it at all.

"It’s not that difficult because your foundations are not bad. Let me enter your Divine Sense Sea and I will pass on to you the Heavenly Alchemy that I’ve learned." Chen Xiang and Feng Yujie’s relationship was so close that he wasn’t stingy at all.

"Don’t mess around when you enter my Divine Sense Sea." Feng Yujie scoffed.

Chen Xiang laughed: "As long as you don’t do anything to my divine soul."

The last time Feng Yujie had entered Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea, he had seen Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea World, and now Chen Xiang also wanted to see Feng Yujie’s Divine Sense Sea.

Chen Xiang walked up to Feng Yujie’s bed, and gently tapped the center of Feng Yujie’s brows with his finger, and a thin layer of mist leaked out.

Feng Yujie relaxed his body and allowed Chen Xiang to enter her Divine Sense Sea World.

Very quickly, Chen Xiang’s divine soul arrived at a magnificent palace. Looking at this palace, Chen Xiang could not help but be shocked.

"Isn’t this Heavenly Divine Palace?" Just a moment ago, he really thought that he had appeared in the Ninth Heaven of Nine Heaven Devil Palace.

"Pretty much, my Divine Sense Sea World is just like that, because I really want this Heavenly Divine Palace to appear anew." Feng Yujie’s divine soul gradually appeared in the air, and appeared in front of Chen Xiang’s face. (TL: UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU)))

Chen Xiang followed her into a beautiful and quiet garden.

"You can pass on your skills to me now." Feng Yujie sat on the grass in the garden.

Chen Xiang also sat down, and began to pass his Heavenly Alchemy to Feng Yujie.

It was already morning and Chen Xiang had already finished transmitting his skills. Because Feng Yujie did not have the same cultivation base as Wu Qianqian and Wu Qianqian, imparting the techniques to him would be extremely difficult as well. Fortunately, Feng Yujie had a very high comprehension and under the method of transferring his skills through the divine soul, he quickly comprehended a few things. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"No wonder you always make pills that can shake the sky and earth, these methods are way too magical." Feng Yujie gasped in surprise.

"The few types of cultivation techniques that you have obtained are the ones that I have currently comprehended. After you become familiar with them, you can go and comprehend your own cultivation techniques. Everyone will be able to comprehend different types of cultivation techniques from them." Chen Xiang laughed: "Do you want me to pass the Alive Slain Method to you?"

Feng Yujie lightly snorted: "No need, I’ve known this for a long time. Qilian passed it down to me."

The strongest part of the Alive Slain Method was the dual cultivation. When Feng Yujie saw Chen Xiang smile so mischievously, she knew that he had that kind of idea, and just as she was thinking that, the clothes on top of Chen Xiang’s body suddenly disappeared.

Chen Xiang was immediately stunned. His divine soul was weaker than Feng Yujie’s, so in Feng Yujie’s Divine Sense Sea World, he could directly control his own divine soul.

The clothes on his upper body suddenly disappeared, which must have something to do with Feng Yujie’s thoughts. This also caused Chen Xiang to think about it, he never thought that the beautiful and pure Nine Heavens Goddess would actually treat him like this ...

Very quickly, Chen Xiang was forcefully sent out of her Divine Sense Sea, and Feng Yujie buried his face in the blanket. Although Chen Xiang did not see it, he knew that it must be extremely red.

"It’s daybreak. Hurry up and do what you need to do." Feng Yujie covered her head, and softly said in a pout: "Little Scoundrel, don’t come near me."

Chen Xiang had a wronged expression on his face, but he did not do anything wrong. "Nothing happened just now, I won’t bring it up again in the future."

"You still said it? It’s all your fault, it’s all your fault." Feng Yujie shouted out. Although her voice was loud, it was hard to hide her embarrassment.

Chen Xiang chuckled: "Alright, then it’s all my fault, I’ll leave now."

He immediately ran to the bottom of the secret room to study the Yuxin Dan.

Feng Yujie only dared to reveal her head after a long time, but her face was still red. She never thought that she would suddenly have such an idea towards Chen Xiang, and when she thought back, her face immediately flushed red.

Feng Yujie left for Supreme Hall very early in the morning. She was going to fix her notice, because she was already at the tenth hall.

When she arrived at Supreme Divine Palace, she saw the few middle-aged men in charge of investigating the incident with Zhang Zhuo. There were also many bounty orders pasted on them, all of them had clues related to the bounty.

"We’ve just gotten some clues. On the day before Zhang Zhuo and the others disappeared, they went to purchase medicinal herbs. We’ve checked one by one, and a family has also gone missing." The middle-aged man said to the old man behind the counter, "In the end, we searched around and found traces of a fight, but the scene was very cleaned up and there weren’t any clues left behind. However, we learned that the missing family members are a young lady and little girl. We need to find them."