Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Feng Yujie burst out in laughter and someone actually called her little sister. She replied softly, "I’m from the tenth hall..."

Although the tenth hall brought a cross, their overall strength was still at number two. When Chen Xiang heard about it from the Three Gu Brothers, he thought that they were just bragging, but he found out later on that it was true.

"The tenth hall." Knowing that Feng Yujie was from the tenth hall, the man let out a hollow laugh. The tenth hall’s Luo Tianjun was extremely famous, he definitely knew of him.

Suddenly, someone shouted: "Isn’t he the person who defeated Song Peng with one sword strike, he went through the trial and entered the Dan Hall, I never expected to enter the Dan Hall, his sword arts are very terrifying, I thought he would enter the Sword Hall."

Song Peng’s miserable defeat was a very famous event in the Sword Hall. Many disciples thought that the one who defeated Song Peng was someone who excelled in the way of the sword, but who would have thought that they would actually join the Dan Hall.

"You defeated Song Peng and you still want to challenge Zhang Zhuo, but looking at your current state, you shouldn’t be such a crazy person." The long-haired man sized up Chen Xiang. He had developed a very strong interest towards him.

Chen Xiang and Feng Yujie were both worried, because he and Zhang Zhuo had their own contradictions, and now that Zhang Zhuo and Zhang Zhuo were both dead, if someone connected them together, Chen Xiang might be in trouble.

As long as there was no conclusive evidence, Chen Xiang would never admit it no matter what. He was confident that he had done it cleanly and would not leave any traces behind, unless Xu Lingfei and her grandmother exposed him.

Chen Xiang slightly smiled: "I wasn’t crazy in the first place, but if someone was crazy in front of me, I would be more crazy than him."

With that, Chen Xiang pointed to the notice paper, and asked: "Senior brother, I wonder if you have seen this divine medicine before." DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"I’ve heard of it, but not seen it." The long-haired man shook his head slightly, then returned to his own junior and junior brothers. Originally, he had wanted to find some fun, but he knew that the disciples of the tenth Dan Hall were not to be trifled with, and the two young disciples in particular were extremely important to Luo Tianjun.

Just as everyone turned to look at Chen Xiang and his group, they suddenly heard a trembling not too far away.

"F * ck off." A thunderous roar exploded, shaking everything endlessly. Someone was actually fighting here, and there was even such a large commotion.

The old man behind the counter was also surprised and a bit angry. He immediately went over.

Chen Xiang and Feng Yujie also went to watch the commotion.

He saw that the floor had already been broken into pieces. The thick and solid stone floor had been broken into pieces. A middle-aged man was lying on top of the broken pieces. This middle-aged man’s chest had been stepped on.

"Xiao Chou." Chen Xiang was ecstatic. Xiao Chou had returned, he did not expect that he was the one who did it, if not for the urgent arrival of the old man at the counter, Xiao Chou might have continued to step on him.

"What’s going on?" The old man behind the counter asked with a dark expression.

Xiao Chou was still the same as before, with a shiny skull. Currently, he looked very mature, he did not seem like someone who would get angry casually, so there must be a reason why he was so angry right now.

Chen Xiang saw a red-clothed female standing not far from him. Her face was filled with worry, but when she saw that the old man standing at the counter had arrived, she anxiously walked over and timidly said, "The elder is .... This man is the one who bullied me... He was in chaos... "Feel free to touch me."

Seeing the lady, Chen Xiang could not help but laugh, he never thought that Xiao Chou had finally awakened, and that he already had someone he liked.

Xiao Chou was Chen Xiang’s disciple, and also the descendant of the Herculean God. Xiao Chou had a very powerful Divine Veins legacy, his strength was very scary, and like Chen Xiang, he was also a very abnormal guy. Now, he even entered the Supreme Divine Palace, becoming an outstanding disciple amongst the Soul Hall.

The old man looked at the middle-aged man whose chest had been broken by Xiao Chou, and asked coldly: "Is this true?"

"Elder ... "I was careless..."

The old man frowned as he saw the flash of light in the middle-aged man’s eyes. He said in a cold tone: "Be quiet."

"Yes." As soon as the middle-aged man admitted to it, the old man waved his hand and the middle-aged man disappeared.

The Supreme Divine Palace’s space was extremely sturdy, even a few elders who used the power of space could not easily travel through space. However, the old man had already made them disappear with a wave of his hand.

"I’ll let you go this time. There won’t be a next time." The old man said to Xiao Chou who was sweating profusely. He did not know if it was because Chen Xiang was Chen Xiang’s friend that he would let him go.

"Little fellows who have just returned, please do not cause trouble at my place. The one who disappeared after making trouble here over the years is not the same guy from before."

With these words, the old man returned to his own counter, leisurely reading a book.

"Xiao Chou, wait for me in the tenth hall of the Dan Hall." Xiao Chou’s sound transmission suddenly came to Xiao Chou’s mind. He was pleasantly surprised, and then, while dragging the red-clothed female, he hurriedly left the Supreme Hall.

After Chen Xiang and Feng Yujie finished posting, they returned to the tenth hall.

Returning back to Hall 10, Chen Xiang already saw Xiao Chou and the pure red clothed female in the hall.

"Master, it’s really you." Seeing Chen Xiang, Xiao Chou anxiously walked out of the hall and grabbed both of Chen Xiang’s arms, he was extremely excited.

"What, do you think I died in that trial?" Chen Xiang laughed and patted Xiao Chou’s head, "You have become so powerful, maybe I can’t even beat you anymore."

"Master, let me introduce you. This is my wife, Zhu Siqing ... "Qing’er, quickly call for Master." Xiao Chou pulled Zhu Siqing over. "He’s the master that you and I have been talking about often."

"Qing’er greets Master and Mistress." Although Zhu Siqing was a little shy, she was very meticulous and noticed Feng Yujie who was walking over with Chen Xiang.

"Mistress, isn’t that the Goddess of the Nine Heavens? Master, you and her ..." Xiao Chou saw that Feng Yujie’s face had changed, and did not continue the topic. It looks like Xiao Chou knew a lot of things.

Xiao Chou laughed dryly: Qing’er, you have a lot of masters, I don’t think this is the case.

Feng Yujie purposely pretended to be fierce: "Why can’t I be your mistress? Don’t tell me that you think I’m not worthy of your master."

"This... "Well, you really are." Xiao Chou did not dare believe it, he knew how powerful Feng Yujie was. He knew that Feng Yujie was a powerful existence who had inherited a large portion of the Nine Divine Kings’s power, and was actually on good terms with his master.

Feng Yujie held onto Chen Xiang’s arm, and laughed tenderly: "What do you think, why aren’t you looking at Qing’er, I could tell at a glance."

"Alright, disciple pays his respects to Mistress." Xiao Chou scratched his head and shouted as he pretended to bow.