Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had many questions for him. Especially how did he manage to enter the Supreme Divine Palace, but he did not go through the trial.

Xiao Chou could already tell what question Chen Xiang was going to answer from his expression.

invited Xiao Chou and Zhu Siqing to sit in the hall and pour them some tea, causing them to feel extremely flattered. As a junior, especially Zhu Siqing, she was a little nervous at being treated by her master like this.

"Master, how long have you been here? I’ve been waiting for you for so many years, but I haven’t even seen you. I thought you died during the trial." Xiao Chou chuckled: "You are indeed resilient, you still won’t die even like this, and you even came in."

Hearing Xiao Chou’s words, Chen Xiang really wanted to go over and slap his head hard.

"What a joke, how could I have died so casually?" Chen Xiang took a deep breath, then asked: "What exactly happened to you that you came in without going through a trial. During the trial, I was worried about you all day, thinking that you would die during a trial."

Xiao Chou laughed: "To be honest, if I am allowed to undergo this trial, I might really die inside. After I enter, I can only hold on until the second round, and I won’t be able to hold on anymore, so right now I really admire you, Master, for being able to pass this damned trial."

Chen Xiang laughed complacently: "Otherwise, would I have been your master? Quickly tell me, how did you come to this Supreme Divine Palace? I am very jealous that you entered without going through the trial."

Thinking back to that trial, Chen Xiang felt like vomiting.

"That’s because I suddenly encountered the ancestors of the Herculean God Tribe during the trial. Because of his accommodation, the Supreme Divine Palace’s Palace Master made an exception and allowed me to live, so I couldn’t be considered to have passed through the trial." Xiao Chou laughed somewhat embarrassedly.

Chen Xiang was a little confused. He took a sip of tea and asked, "Is your Giant God Clan ancestor very powerful? To be able to make the Supreme Divine Palace Palace Master make an exception, you need a very high status."

He’s an elder in Supreme Divine Palace, he’s also my hall master, he’s the hall master of Soul Hall’s first hall. A while ago, I went out with him to gain experience, and after seeing this Super God Realm, Qing Er is his granddaughter. Xiao Chou looked at Qing’er and smiled, from their eyes, one could tell that they had deep feelings for each other.

"So that’s how it is." Chen Xiang nodded.

Feng Yujie laughed: "Chen Xiang, your disciple already has a wife, are you not going to give Qing Er a present?"

Chen Xiang thought about it carefully. He didn’t have anything that was suitable for Zhu Siqing, because Qing`er’s grandfather was a very powerful hall master, and also a Supreme God of the Herculean God Tribe.

"Qing Er, here." Feng Yujie saw that Chen Xiang was startled, and took out a small red wooden case.

"Thank you Mistress, Master." Zhu Siqing stood up and quickly thanked him.

Chen Xiang did not have anything he could take out, but Feng Yujie did have something he could take out. Chen Xiang was very curious about what it was, and laughed: "Open it and take a look."

Zhu Siqing’s face was flushed red. She did not expect Xiao Chou’s master to be so easy to talk to, to give her a present the moment they met. Just now, he had even poured her a cup of tea.

He opened the small red wooden box. Inside was a pill.

"This is ..." the Zhongpin Dan. " Xiao Chou was a little surprised. He had originally thought that they were just Xiaping Dan, but to him and Zhu Siqing, Xiaping Dan s’ gifts were already considered good. After all, they were not like Chen Xiang and Feng Yujie who could easily sell their pellets and quickly earn Shen Yuan stone.

Feng Yujie laughed: "Just a little kindness, Qing’er, you must use it well." Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Zhu Siqing nodded immediately and thanked Feng Yujie once again.

"Xiao Chou, have you learned anything in Soul Hall?" Chen Xiang was rather curious about the matters in the Soul Hall because the Soul Hall could hunt powerful divine beasts. After suddenly refining the divine soul of the divine beasts, they could allow humans to integrate into the beast’s soul as their innate divine soul, and could also obtain the unique and powerful innate ability of those divine beasts.

The Bones needed to be fused with this type of beast’s divine soul, so Chen Xiang wanted to understand more about this matter right now. When he had the Bones in the future, he would ask Xiao Chou to help him create a good beast’s divine soul.

Xiao Chou scratched his head and laughed: "There is a lot of knowledge to learn in Soul Hall, especially the Soul Refining Soul Refining technique, it is very difficult, Qing’er is better at this than me, I have learnt everything from her now, Master, if you need beast divine soul right now, Qing’er and I can maybe work together to help you get one good."

Chen Xiang laughed: "I do not need it now, but when I need it, I will look for it myself. When I find it, I will then let you guys refine it, when that time comes, it will be very easy for me to fuse it, right?"

Xiao Chou nodded his head: "As long as you refine a secret method, you will be able to perfectly integrate it into your Divine Deity, and will be able to unleash a very strong power. So Master, it would be best if you could find a superior one when you are searching for a beast’s divine soul."

"I will." Chen Xiang was currently only a lower god with two souls. If he wanted to become the Supreme God, he would need eight souls and eight Divine Deity.

In addition, he still had to cultivate Bones, so that his own body would have Divine Deity as well, and then merge with the divine soul, so that the strength possessed by his fleshly body would be as strong as that of his divine soul.

"Master, how strong are you now? It’s been so long that I can’t tell. Do you think you’re a god?" Xiao Chou suddenly asked, his face full of curiosity.

Chen Xiang smiled and said, "What about you? The feeling you give me is that you’re a three soul three Divine Deity intermediate god, right?"

After I entered the Supreme Divine Palace, with the help of Qing’er’s grandfather, I used the bloodline of my Herculean God Tribe to grow at a very fast pace. Of course, the main thing is that Qing’er’s grandfather gave me two sets of very good divine soul for me to fuse with, I only managed to cultivate two sets of Divine Deity. "

Xiao Chou could not be considered to have advanced by leaps and bounds, because he had already been in the Supreme Divine Palace for dozens of years, and because Chen Xiang was in the trial grounds, he had lost all these decades of time.

"Right now, I am just a Lesser Empyrean God." Chen Xiang sighed: "I am not your opponent."

"No no, Master has always been very powerful. Although he is not as strong as me now, he will be able to catch up very soon. I believe in Master’s strength." Although Xiao Chou said it modestly, he had a complacent smile on his face.

"Master, how long have you been training? I heard from the hall master that it’s extremely scary inside. Especially at the end, it’s almost impossible to pass that test." Xiao Chou asked. He found it hard to understand why Chen Xiang had passed, because he understood the rules later on. Especially those countless traps, as long as he fell in once, he would be able to start anew.

"It wasn’t too long ago, just a few years. Compared to the time I spent outside, the time inside was quite ludicrous. After I finished the trial, decades had already passed outside." Chen Xiang said: "The only reason I can pass was due to luck."

Xiao Chou did not believe it, he knew that it was impossible to pass by just by luck, and that it required a large amount of strength.

Chen Xiang was indeed relying on luck. If not for the fact that he met Yue’er, the little kitten from Beast Divine Palace, he didn’t even know how he would have died.