Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang placed the Spirit Orb into a bowl of water and let the Spirit Orb dissolve it, causing the water in the bowl to turn light blue. Then, he cut the Zhenyang gold ginseng in half and placed it inside the bowl.

The Zhenyang gold ginseng quickly reacted and began to absorb the blue substance in the water. New parts of the Zhenyang gold ginseng began to grow out of the wound, just like a gecko with a short tail.

Feng Yujie was not unfamiliar with this scene. She had often seen Lv Qilian and the others do this before.

The originally light blue water quickly became transparent, and the cut off Zhenyang gold ginseng did not completely grow any broken parts.

"Seems like I need two of them. This Zhenyang gold ginseng is different from the other low rank divine medicines, it absorbs a lot of energy." Chen Xiang placed another blue Spirit Orb into the water and the Spirit Orb released a blue energy. It quickly melted, and the blue energy was absorbed by the two Zhenyang gold ginseng.

In a few blinks of the eye, the two halves of the Zhenyang gold ginseng in the bowl turned into two complete halves, emitting a dazzling light.

"Not bad, you earned two hundred thousand Shen Yuan stone so quickly. I wonder if the refined pellets could be sold at this price, don’t lose out." Feng Yujie saw that the Zhenyang gold ginseng was copied out of her own spirit pearl, giving her a sense of accomplishment.

"I still have two Spiritual Beads. Let’s try and see if I can replicate the three types of low rank divine medicine from the Yuxin Dan." Chen Xiang took out other Yuxin Dan s’ medicinal herbs and began to refine them.

With just a try, they had seen how big of a difference there was between the three medicines of Yuxin Dan and that of Zhenyang gold ginseng.

Two spirit pearls could actually be duplicated into two.

"If the Zhenyang gold ginseng successfully fused with the Yuxin Dan’s medicinal ingredients, then the effects of this pellet should be considered the best in the healing category of Xiaping Dan." Feng Yujie exclaimed: "Are you going to start now?"

"Yes." Chen Xiang nodded, he could not wait any longer.

Just as Chen Xiang was about to enter the underground chamber to concoct pills, he suddenly heard Luo Tianjun’s shout: "Two young men, come out quickly. There’s something urgent."

Chen Xiang and Feng Yujie had no choice but to go out immediately.

"Hall Master, what is the matter?" Chen Xiang asked.

"oldest Gu is in trouble, let’s go take a look. This was sent by Gu Lao San just now." Luo Tianjun shook the Communication jade Symbol paper in his hand: "I heard that he had a conflict with some fellows from the other Dan Hall. He told us to go over and support him, and especially wanted us to let you go."

"Then let’s hurry up." Chen Xiang laughed, "So it was because of some trouble with the other Dan Hall. I had thought that something big had happened."

This made Chen Xiang and Feng Yujie a little worried. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"What big thing can happen to my, Luo Tianjun’s disciple? Even if something bad happens, I can help them deal with it." Luo Tianjun said heroically as he strode out of the door.

Chen Xiang and Feng Yujie anxiously followed.

Walking on the road, Chen Xiang said: "Isn’t this the path to Dan Heart Pavilion? Could it be the Dan Heart Pavilion?"

Luo Tianjun laughed: "I guessed it, those three brothers are inside the Dan Heart Pavilion these days. Of course, the other old brats from the other Dan Hall s will also be gathered there, waiting for those fellows who return from the outside world, and scold each other whenever they meet one another. This is an event that happens once every hundred years."

The corner of Chen Xiang’s mouth twitched: "Damn it, it’s so boring."

Luo Tianjun laughed out loud. "If you had lived as long as them, you would also have done such a silly thing."

Sure enough, when he approached the Dan Heart Pavilion, Chen Xiang heard his scolding voice.

"Old Turtle, you’re a turtle who has been cowering for several hundred years. Now that you’ve appeared, not only can you bite people with your mouth, you can also fart. Are you hiding in the turtle shell, or do you only know how to fart on your buttocks and mouth?"

This was the voice of the oldest Gu, it sounded very energetic, as though he was using all his strength to curse. After he finished cursing, a burst of laughter followed, it seemed like there were a lot of bored people watching the battle.

"You old bastard, have you forgotten about the matter that you lost to me three thousand years ago? Back then, when you lost, you called me grandpa, and many people present heard it." Old bastard Gu, have you forgotten about the matter that you lost to me three thousand years ago? The person that was scolded by the oldest Gu immediately replied.

Chen Xiang and Feng Yujie couldn’t help but laugh. This oldest Gu actually had such a dark history.

oldest Gu immediately roared out, "Old turtle, two thousand years ago, when you lost to me, you knelt down and kowtowed to me, calling me ancestor. Everyone present also saw this, but now, even if you want to recognize me as your ancestor, I will f * * king reject unfilial descendants like you."

Chen Xiang found it hard to imagine that Three Gu Brothers had scolded him like this for a few days while participating in that Pill Dao Debate. Normal people could not do such a thing.

"oldest Gu, what did you ask us to do?" Luo Tianjun brought Chen Xiang and Feng Yujie to the cursing grounds. The crowd who were originally laughing, immediately quietened down.

After all, Luo Tianjun was a top existence amongst the Dan Hall. Even in the entire Supreme Divine Palace, he had a very high position.

"This bastard said that there are no young people in our tenth hall. I want to let them see the young people in our tenth hall. Not only young people, but also young girls." When the oldest Gu saw Chen Xiang and Feng Yujie had arrived, he anxiously pulled them over.

"You two, quickly show your tokens. Let this old turtle, who has shrunk his head for hundreds of years, see if there are any youngsters in our tenth hall." oldest Gu pushed Chen Xiang and his sister into the middle of the cursing ground, leaving Chen Xiang and his sister extremely speechless.

This Three Gu Brothers told them to come due to an urgent matter, it was actually using them to slap someone else’s face.

"Did you see that, this is our tenth hall’s new disciple." oldest Gu proudly swept his gaze across the other disciples of the Dan Hall, then arrogantly shouted: "If you have the guts, pull out your young people and let’s see who’s the strongest."

"Hmph, our young disciple is currently in closed-door training, how could he have the time? I admit that there are young people in your tenth hall, but that doesn’t mean they are powerful. Our young man has the ability to suppress them." The old man who was scolding oldest Gu earlier was not one to be outdone.

Luo Tianjun laughed, "The little imps from your group have never called you senior brothers before, right? Furthermore, they are so arrogant that they don’t even put you in their eyes. Although they are a bit skilled, their hearts are simply too terrible.

Second Brother Gu laughed, "You can’t even call all of you as trash, but we can call all of you our brats over. What are you all so proud of? That brat probably hasn’t even looked at you."

The old man had no way of refuting him. He took a few deep breaths of anger and said unhappily, "That guy has the ability, he has the right to be arrogant. Your boy is very obedient, but he has no ability."