Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was already very familiar with refining Yuxin Dan, so he wasn’t nervous at all. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"What divine pill are you refining?" The old man asked, he saw that Chen Xiang’s medicinal ingredients did not look like Bone level Dan’s, so he asked.

"Yuxin Dan." Chen Xiang smiled, the old man looked at Feng Yujie and immediately understood, he nodded.

That was why he knew that the Yuxin Dan was Feng Yujie’s. If Feng Yujie’s Xiaping Dan test was also meant to refine Yuxin Dan, then Chen Xiang wouldn’t be able to refine this kind of divine pill now.

And now, Feng Yujie had directly skipped over the matter of Xiaping Dan to refine the middle grade, giving it to Chen Xiang to refine wouldn’t be a problem, it wasn’t considered a violation of the rules.

"Little girl, what divine pill are you refining?" When the old man saw how nervous Feng Yujie was, he smiled benevolently at her: "Relax."

"Regeneration Dan." Feng Yujie said.

"Oh, this is a pretty good kind of Zhongpin Dan. Not only is it able to regrow the missing parts of its body, it is also able to recover the damaged divine soul from its substantial transformation." The old man was surprised, because the pill formula was Feng Yujie’s own.

Chen Xiang and Feng Yujie suddenly felt that since the old man was in charge of supervising the assessment, there would be a lot of benefits, because he knew what kind of ingredients to use to concoct the pill. Although he did not know the exact timing for entering the pill, at the very least, he had some understanding of the pill recipes, and only if he studied them carefully in this regard, he would be able to obtain the pill formulas.

"Alright, I’ve finished my inspection. There won’t be much problem. You can begin." The old man smiled and sat down on a chair by the wall.

Chen Xiang looked at Feng Yujie’s medicine. Other than a few divine medicines, there were also two big boxes of Shangpin holy Dan s, which numbered a few hundred.

"Sister Feng, the Heavenly Alchemy I passed to you does not have the method to refine Zhongpin Dan. Do you plan on using the traditional method to refine it next, or the Heavenly Alchemy?" Chen Xiang whispered to Feng Yujie.

"I know, that’s why I wanted to give it a try. Maybe I can learn new techniques from them." Feng Yujie replied. She had already relaxed a lot, and was no longer as nervous as she was before. This was because with Chen Xiang by her side, she felt extremely safe.

This kind of assessment did not have a time limit, so Chen Xiang planned to slow down a little and accompany Feng Yujie.

Chen Xiang was the first one to start refining, while Feng Yujie had already done a thorough inspection and mental preparation before starting.

Chen Xiang had already successfully refined three batches of Yuxin Dan, so he was imitating the effects of Zhenyang gold ginseng s while he refined them.

Unknowingly, Chen Xiang had already entered the Core Formation stage.

The old man looked at the two of them concocting pills with a calm expression, but he was thinking about many things in his heart. He realized that Feng Yujie’s training method was completely different from last time, and just like Chen Xiang, he threw all the medicinal ingredients into the furnace in one go the moment he started to concoct pills.

The most important thing about a pill formula was the order and timing in which the medicinal herbs would enter the furnace. This was the most crucial aspect of a pill formula, so even if one knew about the matching of the medicinal herbs, it would still be useless.

"Half a day has passed." Chen Xiang was able to refine it. This time, he did not hold it back and refined four Yuxin Dan.

The old man looked at the four Yuxin Dan s in his palms and exclaimed, "Is this the Heavenly Alchemy?"

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "Elder, you have good eyesight."

The old man sighed, then laughed: "Besides the Heavenly Alchemy, it’s very hard to do."

Feng Yujie had been very calm the entire time, and she was relieved as well. This meant that her anxiety had gone smoothly, and she only needed to wait patiently.

Chen Xiang was still in the secret room. He sat on a chair in the corner with his eyes closed, quietly waiting for Feng Yujie to finish.

Three Gu Brothers rolled up his sleeves as he argued with a group of white-haired old men, as if they were about to fight at any time. Although they were noisy to the point that their faces and ears were red, they did not start a fight in the end.

Luo Tianjun leaned on a rock beside the entrance of the Dan Heart Pavilion and sat cross-legged on the ground. He crossed his arms over his chest and closed his eyes.

Two days had passed and Three Gu Brothers had already scolded several groups of familiar people, but the old man who was arguing with oldest Gu had yet to leave. He had said that he would buy it for ten times the price after Feng Yujie produced the results.

Chen Xiang was originally meditating in the secret room, but he suddenly heard a weak sound. He opened his eyes and saw that Feng Yujie’s pill furnace was slightly shaking.

"Is it time to condense the pill?" This was Feng Yujie’s first time using the Heavenly Alchemy to refine a pellet, and she was even refining a Zhongpin Dan which was extremely difficult to do. For her to be able to hold on for two days meant that she was already nervous to the last stage.

The old man’s reaction was different from Chen Xiang’s. He was shocked in his heart, and he was sure that Feng Yujie was using the Heavenly Alchemy as well. The speed at which he was refining the pellet was so fast that it shocked him.

The Zhongpin Dan that Feng Yujie was refining was also very fast. If it was a normal method of refinement, it would take at least three to five days before he could start condensing the pellet.

It was not Feng Yujie’s first time refining such a pill, she had concocted two batches of pills in the past, so she was relatively familiar with the Regeneration Dan, so she was confident that she could successfully complete the test using the Heavenly Alchemy.

As the furnace started to shake, Feng Yujie’s jade face was also covered in sweat. Chen Xiang was very clear about her current situation, it was a very critical moment, and if Feng Yujie was able to succeed in clearing it, then her mastery of Heavenly Alchemy would be even higher. It would be of great help to her in using the Heavenly Alchemy in the future.

In the blink of an eye, four hours had passed and the pill furnace had stopped shaking. Feng Yujie opened her eyes and took a deep breath, her pale white face had also flushed red.

"Did it work?" Chen Xiang asked with a smile.

"Of course it worked. It went smoothly." She was extremely grateful to Chen Xiang in her heart. She was now able to deeply understand the benefits of Heavenly Alchemy, and the fact that she was able to successfully create a Regeneration Dan with it showed that she had a good grasp of the Heavenly Alchemy.

In the future, it would be much easier to use the Heavenly Alchemy to refine other divine pellets.

Opening the pill furnace, there were three Regeneration Dan s.

Looking at the three divine pellets, the old man took a deep breath. Although the Regeneration Dan was not a high quality Zhongpin Dan, its value was still around average, able to sell for seven to eight hundred thousand. If it was a high quality pellet, then selling it for a million would be fine.

Feng Yujie used three pills in one go, he had fully utilized all of the medicinal ingredients, so the old man was extremely envious of this method of refining pills.

"The Heavenly Alchemy really lives up to its name." The old man sighed, "You have all passed. Come with me to pick your pill formulas."