Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Feng Yujie thought about it carefully and felt that he should not sell the Regeneration Dan now, because refining this kind of pill was not easy. After all, this was a Zhongpin Dan, and it required a lot of ingredients.

"Sister Feng, if you have the time, see if you can comprehend a method to quickly refine Zhongpin Dan from the Heavenly Alchemy." Chen Xiang said: "Don’t sell the Regeneration Dan for now, I will go find Xiao Chou and think of a way. Supreme Hall should have a lot of work to do."

Chen Xiang was already prepared to participate in the Xiaping Dan s’ competition, so he had plenty of time right now. The only thing he wanted to do now was to take advantage of the time he was in the Supreme Divine Palace and try his best to buy some rare medicines.

Suddenly, someone knocked on the door. It was already dusk. There was someone coming in.

"Someone is knocking on the door. Who is it?" Chen Xiang and Feng Yujie walked out of their rooms and opened the door together.

During this period of time, Luo Tianjun had to go into closed door cultivation while Three Gu Brothers was outside to reminisce with his old rivals, so only Chen Xiang and Feng Yujie were the only ones in Dan Hall.

If Three Gu Brothers had returned, they could have just opened the door and entered. Therefore, the one knocking on the door was definitely not the three of them.

At first, Chen Xiang thought it was Xiao Chou, but after he opened the door wide, he and Feng Yujie were a little surprised.

Outside the door stood a middle-aged man wearing a black robe. This middle-aged man had come here the last time and Chen Xiang’s Zhenyang gold ginseng were bought from him.

This middle aged man gave off a very strange feeling. That kind of feeling felt very familiar to Chen Xiang, but he could not say it out loud.

"I’m here to sell divine medicines. I have a mid-tier Heavenly Heart Divine Fruit and Nine Heart Lotus." The middle-aged man went straight to the point, and immediately revealed his intentions when he saw Chen Xiang and Feng Yujie, because last time, it was Chen Xiang and Feng Yujie who had bought his divine medicine.

Chen Xiang and Feng Yujie were both very surprised that this middle aged man had so many good divine medicines.

The ’Heavenly Heart Fruit’ and the ’Nine Heart Lotus’ were the ingredients needed to refine the ’Spirit Pill’. The ’Heavenly Heart Fruit’ and the ’Nine Heart Lotus’ were the most important, and also the most expensive and rarest. The other three were not that expensive.

Chen Xiang and Feng Yujie were in a difficult situation, because they did not have any Shen Yuan stone now. This was a Zhongpin medicine, the price was ten times more expensive than a low grade divine medicine, let alone this kind of rare medicine.

"This big brother, we do not have enough Shen Yuan stone now, can you leave some for us to buy after we gather enough Shen Yuan stone?" Chen Xiang laughed awkwardly: "We cooperated so happily last time, please promise us this time."

"Ten days. You guys come to the Boxing Hall’s Heavenly God Nine Hall to look for Xie Ao, a total of four million Shen Yuan stone. If you don’t come after ten days, I’ll sell you guys immediately if anyone buys you." After Xie Ao finished speaking, he turned and walked away quickly.

"Thank you very much." Chen Xiang shouted as they looked at each other. This Xie Ao was indeed very arrogant, but his arrogance gave others a good impression, so they would not feel disgusted.

After Xie Ao left, he closed the door and said: "Where did this fellow come from, to actually have so many rare and precious divine medicines."

Feng Yujie said: "He seems to be very secretive and judging from his personality, he does not seem to want to talk to anyone else. Could it be that he is hiding his identity, and does not know if there are any people he is familiar with in the entire set?"

"I’ll look for Xiao Chou tomorrow. If it really doesn’t work, then I’ll have to copy the Regeneration Dan’s medicinal ingredients and buy some Shangpin holy Dan to let you refine them." Chen Xiang said.

"Ten days might not be enough. How about I sell these three Regeneration Dan first?" Feng Yujie was in a hurry to obtain the main ingredient for the Mind Connecting Pill.

"This guy is selling for so much, he’s actually asking for four million Shen Yuan stone, there are only two kinds of Zhongpin medicine, one of your Regeneration Dan is only worth a million, this guy is too evil." Chen Xiang knew that he couldn’t negotiate a price with Xie Ao, so if he were to talk about the price with him, he would immediately leave, looking like he wouldn’t buy even if he wanted to.

"Only he has it. Even if he doesn’t buy it, he’ll have to buy it. If he misses it, then he won’t have it anymore when he’s in a rush." Feng Yujie said: "He caught on to our feelings, which was why he offered such a high price."

These two main ingredients were at most two million Shen Yuan stone s, but they were being sold for twice the price. If it was someone else, they would definitely not buy them, because they could not be used back.

But for Chen Xiang and Feng Yujie, this was not the usual thing. Because they had the spirit pearls, they could mainly get one set and make multiple copies. Although it was outrageously expensive, but in their opinion, it was still worth it, so they wanted to buy it.

"Let’s go, we will go and announce the sale of the Regeneration Dan now." Feng Yujie finally made this decision. She had three pellets in her possession, if it was only one pellet for a million, she would only need to sell it for three million Shen Yuan stone s.

Chen Xiang laughed: "Don’t tell me that fellow knew that you had just refined a Regeneration Dan and he is trying to kill you?"

Feng Yujie scoffed, "It’s very possible, this guy, hmph."

A Alchemist that could refine Regeneration Dan s would definitely not be poor. Xie Ao still felt that it was cheap to sell it to Feng Yujie last time.

Chen Xiang and Feng Yujie came to the Supreme Hall, and when they went to get a piece of paper from the old man, the old man said in a low voice: "Little girl, what’s going on, where did you get your Regeneration Dan’s pill formula from? There are already a few notices selling Regeneration Dan here, one is only four hundred thousand Shen Yuan stone and the notice says it can be sold for a long time."

"How could this happen?" Feng Yujie did not dare believe it, the Regeneration Dan’s pill formula was very ancient, other than her, there would definitely be others who had it, this was not strange.

Strangely, at this critical juncture, someone suddenly came to sell it at a low price, as if trying to show off to her.

"Elder, can you help me check who posted the notice?" Feng Yujie asked.

"It was all posted by the same person. This guy is a young man from the third Dan Hall." The old man laughed: "Seems like you have aroused the interest of the young people of Dan Hall to compete with you."

Feng Yujie sighed, if she was selling the Regeneration Dan too, then the other party would probably sell it even more cheaply. She did not want her Regeneration Dan to be so cheap.

After knowing that the Regeneration Dan had lost so much weight in one go, Feng Yujie did not issue any notice, and returned back to the tenth hall with Chen Xiang.

Once he closed the door, Feng Yujie was so angry that she snorted: "Is this guy declaring war on me? He does have some ability, to be able to sell the Regeneration Dan at this price, he must be trying to show that the Regeneration Dan is nothing in his eyes."

Feng Yujie previously controlled a very large sect, and was originally one of the big shots in terms of power. Now, the aggressive heart that was hidden in her heart was aroused.

"Brat, you should go and find Xiao Chou tomorrow to see if there’s any way to raise four million Shen Yuan stone. I plan to try and improve the Regeneration Dan tomorrow. Feng Yujie quickly thought of a plan to fight back.Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com