Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

These two cold swords were extremely ruthless, they condensed with very strong power, as though they were going to destroy Chen Xiang with a single sword strike, bringing along a deep cold killing intent, and the Mysterious power that was condensed inside the divine sword shot out from the sword blade, penetrating deep underground and exploding deep, causing the stone ground to suddenly burst out, forming a large hole in the ground.

Chen Xiang who had teleported away saw this and took a deep breath. If he did not dodge just now, he would have suffered greatly.

Chen Xiang now understood the purpose of these two Sword Hall Gods who were following him. They were undoubtedly here to kill him.

These two gods had come to kill him, but he did not know why. If he wanted to know, the most effective way would be to kill these two gods, and then use the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell to search their memories.

They were both Sword Hall’s disciples, and more or less, they had one or two good swords in their hands. However, the God Slaughtering Sword in Chen Xiang’s hands looked very weak, and could not be considered a sword in their eyes.

If it was before, he would not have believed that the God Slaughtering Sword in his hand was a divine sword, but now, it was, for the sword already possessed Divine Deity and sword spirit, and it had become extremely powerful.

Chen Xiang’s Six Realms’ Power surged into the divine sword as he channeled the new technique of the God Murdering Sword Techniques.

"As expected of the God Murdering Sword Techniques, kill, showing no mercy." With that, the Chen Xiang in front of them disappeared.

In the blink of an eye, they felt as if their bodies had been touched by something. That kind of feeling was extremely light, and by the time they had reacted to it, they saw that their two arms had already fallen to the ground. Following that, a slight pain came from their necks;

The time it took for Chen Xiang to use the God Murdering Sword Techniques was full of mysteries, and he killed the two men in black in an instant. He kept the God Slaughtering Sword well, grabbed the heads of the two men in black and activated the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell to find out what he wanted to know.

"Fortunately, they didn’t find Xu Lingfei." The worry that Chen Xiang had always been worrying about could finally be put down, because from the two people’s memories, he also found out that Xu Lingfei and his grandson had long since gone to the Heavenly God Lake.

There were some contradictions between the Heavenly God Lake and the Supreme Divine Palace, especially among the numerous Sword Hall s, who often had conflicts with the disciples of the Heavenly God Lake.

He cleaned up the scene, then left the place in a hurry. The two gods had come to kill him, mainly because he had the God Murdering Sword Techniques in his hands. This was what an elder of the Sword Hall had told them.

Chen Xiang continued to rush to the Beast God Realm. The reason the elders of the Sword Hall wanted to kill him was not because they suspected him of killing Zhang Zhuo but because the elder told the two black clothed men that it was because of the God Murdering Sword Techniques. However, Chen Xiang felt that it was not so.

When he was in the Nine Heaven Devil Palace, he had met a noble from the imperial family who came from the Divine Nations. This noble from the imperial family was with Hell Devil Emperor and his group of puppets at that time, this group of puppets all listened to this person’s orders, and this noble from the imperial family was actually able to easily enter the Nine Heaven Devil Palace.

"Looks like Divine Nations is going to attack me. I wonder when Yi Bidong will return?" Chen Xiang started to worry. Previously, Yi Bidong had said that he was going to the Divine Nations, and this matter was related to him. The Divine Nations s who were in control of the Supreme Divine Palace already knew that he was in the Supreme Divine Palace.

Chen Xiang did not want to leave the Supreme Divine Palace at the moment, because he was doing pretty well in there. The hall masters and Three Gu Brothers s treated him very well, and Xiao Chou was also inside there.

The Great Divine Lord he met in the Nine Heaven Devil Palace had told him that he would be fine staying in the Supreme Divine Palace. This was because the Supreme Divine Palace also had the power of their Nine Divine Kings, but now it seemed that the power they had left was already very weak, so he could not believe too much in these words.

Five days later, he finally arrived at the Beast God Realm. After entering the Beast God Realm, he had a different feeling, even though the Beast God Realm and Supreme Divine Palace were unobstructed, there was still a strange barrier between them, and when he stepped into it, he would have a very distinct feeling.

Furthermore, the Divine Spirit Qi absorbed by the Beast God Realm was also very different from that of the Sovereign God Realm.

"I will first go to Beast Divine Palace to find Yue’er. It should be much more convenient with her help." The jade tablet that the old man gave him also recorded the way to Beast Divine Palace.

Although the Beast Divine Palace had started a war with the humans before, it was no longer a hostile relationship. According to his knowledge, there were powers planted by the Divine Nations s, and it may not be as many as the Beast Divine Palace s.

The nine Divine Nations s needed to be in control of the movements of the three divine halls at all times, so there were people from them in the light and dark of the three divine halls.

Chen Xiang’s speed was extremely fast. He had travelled continuously for five days, using the power of space to travel continuously, bringing about some gods who were fast enough to fly for more than ten days.

"This Super God Realm is much bigger than I imagined. Even my furthest teleportation can allow me to traverse a very long distance, but I need five consecutive days to reach this place." Chen Xiang looked at the shadow that stood erect between heaven and earth.

This faint shadow was a gigantic mountain, and the clouds and mist could only cover the side of the mountain. The Beast Divine Palace was built on top of the mountain.

Chen Xiang understood that there were countless caves of varying sizes in this enormous mountain, and those caves contained a large number of divine beasts or Special god beast that were unable to change their shape.

"It looks like I need to strengthen my training in the Space Laws so I can teleport a longer distance away." He had already understood that the Super God Realm was a world that was even vaster and grander than the Gods Realm. He had a faint feeling that the nine Divine Nations s were hiding in this world, which was larger than the Gods Realm s, on every side.

Half a day later, he arrived at the foot of the mountain. The bottom of the mountain was extremely large. If he wanted to walk around the mountain normally, he would need at least half a year.

"And the stairs, who built them? I wonder if they can fly up." Chen Xiang raised his head to see how tall he was, but he couldn’t see the top. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Just as Chen Xiang wanted to fly up, he suddenly heard a small sound coming from the sky. He raised his head and saw a small dot.

"It’s one person ..." He fell. " Chen Xiang anxiously dodged, waiting for the man to fall to the ground.

He waited for a moment, and the man finally fell, crashing to the ground.

"Another reckless human, if you could just fly up, why would you want this staircase? You’re courting death!" An old man walked over. From his tone, he should be a God Beast in human form.