Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 196 - Thunderbolt Cut

Chen Xiang originally intended to dodge the attack. However, in that instant, he felt a very powerful strength coursing from his left arm. The source of this tyrannical might was Long Xueyi, that little dragoness. Beforehand, Long Xueyi said that at an appropriate time, she could lend Chen Xiang some of her power. It was just that the might of this strength was totally out of his expectations, it actually allowed him to approach the power of someone in the 9th level of the True Martial Realm.

Two clashing forces of vigorous True Qi collided with one another. A tyrannical typhoon of wind came from the impact, accompanied by a burst of dazzling aura. A fierce tremor ran throughout the valley, shaking everything present. The gigantic martial field was completely covered in countless cracks.

Chen Xiang and Lu Shang both flew out from the resulting explosion. Both of them spewed out blood from the recoil. Lu Shang didn’t expect Chen Xiang to actually erupt with such fearsome strength and was completely unguarded, suffering heavily from the recoil.

Meanwhile, Chen Xiang’s strength was lent by Long Xueyi. The rest of his body was still the same, facing that fearsome recoil, he simply had no way to resist.

After Chen Xiang fell onto the ground, he quickly swallowed a small piece of the Hell Spirit Grass, along with a True Elemental Dan. At this point, his injures were not in anyway light. After swallowing that piece of Hell Spirit Grass, he immediately took out the Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade.

“Little Dragoness, how long can you hold on for?” Chen Xiang asked. He was very much in need of Long Xueyi’s strength.

“I can still hold on for sometime, however, you need to act quickly!” Long Xueyi said in a serious tone. She understood what Chen Xiang was currently planning to do.

Chen Xiang fiercely wiped off the blood from the corner of his mouth. He quickly refined the True Elemental Dan, replenishing his consumed Azure Dragon True Qi. At this moment, he also secretly released the Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor and hid it under his cloth. This way, he would have far better defense and didn’t need to worry about getting physically damaged.

Just a moment ago, both fists colliding resulted in the sand and stones flying out from the valley. Essentially, a sandstorm was billowing in the valley, making it very difficult to clearly see what was happening. Carrying the Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade, Chen Xiang confirmed Lu Shang’s location using divine sense and rushed straight towards him.

A moment ago, Lu Shang had punched in pure rage and he also completely hated Chen Xiang. That’s why no small amount of strength was put into that punch. If Chen Xiang was struck unhindered, he would be crippled, if not dead. It was also because of this that Lu Shang suffered a larger recoil and thereby had serious injuries.

Within the billowing sandstorm, Lu Shang was sitting on the ground and felt an oppressive presence approaching him. Elder Lu had a very rich battle experience and instantly jumped into the sky, dodging the sudden attack. The ground was shaken once again and Lu Shang was able to see Chen Xiang chopping down that powerful azure giant blade from high up in the air. If Lu Shang had not dodged in time, he would definitely be cut in two.

That blade blow from Chen Xiang gouged out a deep ravine onto the ground, like a straight brook. As he realized that his blade had missed it’s target, he quickly turned around, and fiercely leapt towards Lu Shang. He didn’t expect Chen Xiang’s reactions to be so sharp and also instantly sensing where to go.

Humph!

Chen Xiang coldly snorted, the Azure Dragon True Qi fiercely surged into the Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade. That huge blade body glittered with crackles of lightning, erupting with wave after wave of oppressive lightning force. The sky turned dark and also began crackling with lightning, emitting a billowing thunderous noise. As Chen Xiang raised the Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade high into the sky, thunderclaps reverberated in the sky. Suddenly, numerous thick lightning bolts fell down from the heavens, directly landing on the Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade.

This was the [Thunderbolt Cut] from the [Dragonslayer Seven Killing Cuts]. It guided a large amount of lightning force into the blade, which would be all released upon attacking the enemy just like a fierce thunderbolt.

At this moment, Chen Xiang had also absorbed a large amount of lightning in his body. If he didn’t reach the 2nd level of Immortal and Devil Body, there was no way he would be able to guide such a large amount of violent lightning force. As he sensed Lu Shang’s location, Chen Xiang raised his blade and arrived before Lu Shang with lightning speed.

That terrifying lightning coursed throughout the Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade, this kind of oppressive strength was extremely suffocating. At this point, all the lightning force contained in Chen Xiang’s body completely erupted. Released from its imprisonment from the hacking down of the Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade, the lighting was completely unleashed.

An earth shaking thunderclap resounded, that sudden thunderous sound reverberated in the entire Tianmen City, scaring the daylights out of everyone.

"Old mongrel, I said I will pay you back tens upon hundreds of times!"

Chen Xiang shouted in his heart. That Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade strike was similar to a thunderbolt, striking directly on Lu Shang’s body. Hacking downwards, that violent lightning force burst open, blasting Lu Shang into pieces. That terrifying force of nature was completely unleashed through the Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade, hacking towards the ground. A frightening powerful Qi accompanied with lightning like a furious dragon ran parallel to the ground and struck on that far away mountain. The force pierced straight through that mountain, blasting open a huge cave!

The Extreme Martial Dazzling Sun Valley was limited for fight between those beneath the 6th level of the True Martial Realm. Any fight between participants above the realm needed approval from the elders. Yet now, Chen Xiang with Long Xueyi’s support, erupted with a strength equivalent to someone in the 9th level of True Martial Realm!

Many were not able to see what occurred in the mountain valley, however, they were able to sense Chen Xiang executing a fierce attack. A few True Martial Realm martial artists who had pretty good eyesight were able to clearly see that earth shattering strike from Chen Xiang. That formidable blow gave them a big fright, they were left completely dumbfounded! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The sand in the mountain valley slowly dispersed. Everyone saw a somewhat embarrassed Chen Xiang clasping a two-edged domineering broadsword, standing alone inside the valley. Which also had an extra big gully gouged out, passing through a far away mountain and even a new cave inside that mountain!

Chen Xiang heaved a long sigh, at this point he was very tired. However, he was still extremely excited. Although the strength he released a moment ago was lent to him by Long Xueyi, it still made him feel extremely satisfied and carefree.

Noticing that new broad, deep and long gully, everyone was stunned and left speechless. What made them even more astonished was that Lu Shang was nowhere to be seen, there were only some charred rags left lying on the ground!

Had Lu Shang been killed by Chen Xiang? Lu Shang was from the Elder Courtyard, although he was only in the 9th level of the True Martial Realm, he was still high and lofty in the eyes of many. Now he was blasted into pieces!

Chen Xiang had killed an elder of the Extreme Martial Sect, how did he do it? Did he have strength comparable to the 9th level of the true Martial Realm? Everyone thought it was impossible, otherwise, he would have easily killed Lu Zhengnan. However, many people soon associated that brutal lightning bolt from before with Chen Xiang drawing support from a savage force of nature to attack!

The whole valley was deadly silent, before erupting into hubbub of discussions and screams. Ultimately, everyone was still having a hard time believing Chen Xiang was able to kill Lu Shang!

"This time, he is in deadly trouble. He has killed an elder, that is definitely a grave sin!"

"Chen Xiang is truly a frightening guy, there should not be a one in a million chance anyone will provoke him now."

"He truly is worthy to have a ten million crystal stone bounty. At such a young age, he is so powerful!"

"That broadsword is definitely a brilliant-grade weapon! It must be!"

Everyone had different opinions, however, everyone lamented. Yun Xiaodao, Zhu Rong and Xu Weilong were good friends of Chen Xiang, but they were still scared speechless. Originally, they all believed they had shortened the gap between them and Chen Xiang. However, now they felt that they were unable to keep up!

"What happened?" Wu Kaiming flew over from far away. Just a moment ago that thunderclap reverberated in the radius of ten thousand li, all high-level members of the Extreme Martial Sect were disturbed, wondering what on earth was going on.

Gu Dongchen, Elder Dan, and many other old men soon arrived. These people were all from the Elder Courtyard. At the same time, many powerful martial artists flew over in the sky. As they stopped, the whole mountain valley was enveloped in a terrifying aura. Numerous powerful martial artists of the Extreme Martial Sect had gathered here, and released their True Qi to protect themselves to avoid being sneak attacked. After all, he disturbance from beforehand here was very big!

The legs of some no good Mortal Martial realm martial artists turned soft from fright as they slumped down on the ground.

"Why is it you again?" Gu Dongchen heaved a long sigh after noticing Chen Xian .

A translated work of Xianxiaworld