Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang groaned in his heart. He didn’t know if he could continue to control this silly beauty even if she didn’t put on her clothes. He really wanted to turn around and leave right away, but he was a little unwilling to part with this beauty.

"Men don’t look good when they take off their clothes. Although you look good when you take them off, the more beautiful they are, the more they don’t want others to see them. They only want the people they love the most." Chen Xiang was extremely depressed in his heart. He was actually teaching a fairy who had lived for god knows how many years to wear clothes right now.

Although he really wanted to see this beauty’s naked appearance, because it was really too pleasing to the eye, he felt that doing so wasn’t too ethical.

The girl blinked her beautiful eyes, she did not understand either, she did not understand what Chen Xiang had said, Chen Xiang never thought that these dao spirits would be so pure and terrifying.

The water surface had already been frozen into ice. The beautiful woman on the ice, who had a jade body and ice body, was naturally formed again and again, causing Chen Xiang to look at her absentmindedly.

"Alright, you’ll look even better after you put on the clothes. Try it if you don’t believe me." Chen Xiang said again.

The lady pulled on the light purple clothes, it seemed like she did not know how to put the items into her body, while she was fiddling with the clothes, Chen Xiang’s thief eyes released sets of light.

The dao spirit was created by one’s own cultivation. Moreover, it was so powerful that it was not too stupid. Soon, she knew how to enter it. Furthermore, she knew that there was a high level of comprehension over there.

After the woman’s flawlessly beautiful body was covered by the purple dress, Chen Xiang felt a bit of contradiction in his heart. However, he felt that he had taken advantage of her a lot, although he had not had the pleasure of seeing it before.

"It did look a lot better." With a wave of her hand, a mirror made of water appeared in front of her. Her eyes that were filled with innocence flickered with a joyful light.

"Thank you for the gift." The lady was also very polite, thanking Chen Xiang with her beautiful smile.

Chen Xiang thought, wasn’t it just a set of clothes, he also had some in his ring, which were all left behind by Bai Youyou and Su Meiyao in the past.

"You’re welcome. Just now, you saved me. I can’t even thank you in time." Chen Xiang then took out a few women’s dresses with different styles and colors and handed them over.

The woman immediately received it, but what Chen Xiang did not expect was that as soon as she received it, she took off all the clothes on her body, and then put on another set of clothes. Seeing her take off her clothes, for Chen Xiang, it was an ornamental sight, causing his breathing to become slightly heavier.

"Thank you. I think I should wear this color today." In the end, the woman wore a long blue dress. At this moment, she was like a young girl wearing clothes on New Year’s Eve, revealing a very bright and enchanting smile.

When she appeared, she was completely red. It was naked, Chen Xiang did not see what Storage magic treasure she had, but she had changed the rest of the clothes into nothing. Chen Xiang guessed that she must have had a Storage magic treasure that was hidden in the Divine Sense Sea, so she kept the clothes inside.

"Although it looks good, I’m still not used to it."

After the woman finished speaking, Chen Xiang who had just calmed down a little could not control herself anymore. The woman had actually taken off her clothes again, revealing her beautiful and tender body, and was even rubbing her chest.

"Damn it, are you done yet?" Chen Xiang secretly gasped.

The woman was very smart. She released a blue mist to cover the blue dress, then used her hand to stretch out her chest area to make it wider. When she got back to bed, she nodded her head in satisfaction.

"Remember, don’t take off your clothes." Chen Xiang warned with a serious face.

Although the woman didn’t understand why, she still nodded and didn’t ask why.

"You humans have many rules, I’ve heard of them." The woman whispered, "I know you’re human."

"You won’t kill me, will you?" Chen Xiang laughed and asked, the lady looked purer than water, but she had only taken out one or two of the Silver lion s.

"Of course not. It’s not like you are messing around in my place. I’m not like the other Dao Spirits that are killing people randomly." The woman smiled gently. "And you even gave me such a good present."

Even though the woman was a Dao Spirit, she had heard about some human matters. This meant that in her world, there was knowledge to spread. However, it wasn’t like humans. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have known about the differences between men and women.

"I still have things to do, so I’ll take my leave." Chen Xiang came here to look for the Dao heart stone, and even if he found the Dao heart stone, he had to rush back to Supreme Divine Palace.

Chen Xiang had just turned around and flew a distance away, when the woman appeared in front of him in a flash and stopped him.

"Where are you going? Can I come with you?" The woman’s beautiful eyes were filled with anticipation and curiosity. Chen Xiang had read countless people, and with one look he could tell that although the woman was strong, she was inferior to those girls that had yet to reach the world. He actually wanted to take the initiative and walk with an unfamiliar man.

"This... I’m going to find a stone, and when I find it, I’m going to go back to my human world. "

After Chen Xiang finished speaking, the woman became excited: "Can I go with you to the human world to take a look?"

"Your family’s adults don’t object, right?" Chen Xiang was startled, he did not know why she asked this question, but if the woman really had an elder, and her elder knew that he had kidnapped this foolish beauty, he would definitely be hunted down.

"Milord." The lady was confused, she did not understand what Chen Xiang meant.

"That is to say, you will just come with me, your ... Would some of the same kind not object? " Chen Xiang explained step by step.

I’ve been told since I was young that when there’s a chance, I have to go out. When there’s a chance, I have to go into the human society to become stronger, but I stayed here for a very long time, sleeping for a very long time, and every time I woke up, none of my peers went out. Now that I’ve met you, this is just a chance. The woman spoke very seriously and was a little excited. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Seeing her like this, Chen Xiang couldn’t help but think of Dongfang Jing, this little girl. She really wanted to do it, but the lady in front of him was much taller and stronger than him.

"Can you take me with you?" The lady’s eyes were full of pleading, that kind of gaze was not something Chen Xiang could make a decision about.

"All right, but I have to find a kind of stone here to get back." Although Chen Xiang didn’t think much on the surface, he was secretly happy in his heart. It felt good to be able to kidnap such a foolish beauty away.

"I’m Shui Bingyan, big sis, what about you?" The woman asked with her innocent and beautiful big eyes.

Chen Xiang almost vomited a mouthful of blood when he heard this, but Yue’er, who was inside his backpack, was smiling non-stop.

"Elder sister doesn’t call me that ..." Chen Xiang spent some time to explain the situation above to her. In the future, if she wanted to go to the human world, she must master a lot of basic knowledge.

"Oh, so that’s how it is. Thank you, Elder Brother Shen." After Shui Bingyan understood, he showed an apologetic smile to Chen Xiang.

Her comprehension ability was very high, she could understand it easily.

Although Shui Bingyan was older than him, she slept most of the time. If one were to talk about psychological age, Shui Bingyan was no different from a little girl.

Therefore, when Shui Bingyan called Chen Xiang a Elder Brother Shen, Chen Xiang shamelessly nodded.

"Elder Brother Shen, what are you looking for?" She had also noticed Yue’er. Although it was the first time she had seen Yue’er, she still felt Yue’er to be very cute, and lovingly stroked her in her arms while unable to let go of her hand.

Chen Xiang and Yue’er’s hearts were moved. This Shui Bingyan was a very powerful Dao Spirit, she might even know where there were Dao heart stone s.