Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 197 - Boosted Reputation

Those martial artists of the Extreme Martial Sect came to the Extreme Martial Dazzling Sun Valley in a rush, and after glancing over everything in the valley, all of them were suddenly scared. The bricks in there, through a special means, had been reinforced; they were very difficult to break, however, now the valley was in ruins, especially that deep gully crossing over the whole mountain valley and piercing through the mountain far away. This made them even more shocked.

"Chen Xiang, what happened?" Gu Dongchen asked in a heavy tone, he observed Chen Xiang’s current appearance, and he knew he must have experienced a great battle; there were not many who could make Chen Xiang look like this.

"I killed Lu Shang and Lu Zhengnan!" Chen Xiang, carrying the giant blade on his shoulder, looked at those remaining pieces on the ground, before he continued speaking, "And you are stepping on him!"

Gu Dongchen was surprised for a moment, and he subconsciously looked down.

Those True Disciples who had also just arrived lowered their head to look; indeed they could find many charred pieces on the ground, and in their heart, they were even more alarmed. Chen Xiang could kill Lu Shang? What a joke! Lu Shang was but a martial artist from 9th level of the True Martial Realm! Killing Lu Zhengnan would be just about right!

Many knew about Lu Zhengnan and Chen Xiang betting their head; killing Lu Zhengnan was truly nothing, however, Lu Shang was not that easy to kill.

"Is this your doing?" Wu Kaiming doubtfully asked as he looked at the ruined valley.

Chen Xiang received the Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade, stretched his exhausted waist, before he said, "Lu Shang first acted against me; he started ruthlessly, and he clearly wanted to take my life. I was forced to fight back, furthermore, he had repeatedly tried to kill me, now I have killed him and you also can not blame me, believe it or not, it is all upto you!"

After he finished speaking, Chen Xiang, with large steps, left, while Gu Dongchen and the trio didn’t leave. The other True Disciples and elders also didn’t leave, they observed the traces left on the ground; after founding Lu Zhengnan’s corpse. they buried it, afterwards. They called many of those disciples who had witnessed the battle, and inquired about the details of the battle.

After half an hour, Gu Dongchen, the trio, and those elders got to know the whole matter, and those True Disciples were also shocked, because Lu Shang was indeed killed by Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang had killed Lu Shang who was in the 9th level of the True Martial Realm! This matter shook the whole Extreme Martial Sect, everyone in the Tianmen City were talking about it. In the Tianmen City, there were many squads who had arrived beforehand to kill Chen Xiang, but after confirming the information was indeed true, one by one they left. Even a 9th level True Martial Realm martial artist was killed by Chen Xiang; they have not even reached the True Martial Realm, and even those who had, they had just stridded into the True Martial Realm, weren’t they just seeking their death?

However, some people didn’t leave; they believed Chen Xiang had killed Lu Shang by luck, because they heard that during the fight, a lightning suddenly flashed, and Chen Xiang had relied on this Lightning to kill Lu Shang, which made the whole matter seem plausible. Otherwise, with just a twenty year old inexperienced brat, it would be absolutely impossible to kill an elder at the 9th level of the True Martial Realm. Many of them took a firm stance with this statement, otherwise, it would give everyone a very big blow.

Chen Xiang, at that time, had relied on Long Xueyi’s strength and casted the [Thunderbolt Cut] from the [Dragonslayer’s Seven Killing Cut], inciting the lightning, and only with the lightning force did he cleaved that strike!

Chen Xiang had made an appearance after disappearing for three months, and suddenly did such a big thing. This disturbed the entire Chenwu Mainland. Before, many families and sects were seeking for Chen Xiang and didn’t find him, and now they knew Chen Xiang was in the Extreme Martial Sect; one by one everyone came to seek Chen XIang because Chen Xiang had crippled many True Martial Realm martial artists in the Black Tortoise Mysterious Realm. It was similar to cutting off a piece of meat of many families.

"Quickly payout Chen Xiang! This guy’s heart is as poisonous as snakes and scorpions; he definitely must be cultivating some demonic evil skill, that’s why he is so powerful! He is not righteous, in the Black Tortoise Mysterious Realm, he had crippled a True Martial Realm junior of my Li Family, who we have nurtured him with a lot of effort." A middle-aged man yelled.

These families had spent heavily to nurture their juniors, afterwards, they sent them to major sects, made them grow stronger, before calling them back to the family. These True Martial Realm martial artists were very important for these families to grow magnificently.

"Correct, your Extreme Martial Sect is the first sect of the Chenwu Mainland, however, you are harboring this villain, quickly make Chen Xiang come out!"

"Until Chen Xiang is not dead, we will not leave!"

"He is a devil who crippled more than hundred True Martial Realm martial artists, we will definitely hack him into pieces!"

"..."

Many people have gathered at the entrance of the Extreme Martial Sect, swearing and screaming. They didn’t mention in the slightest bit that these True Martial Realm disciples first tried to rob Chen Xiang, as if Chen Xiang, for no apparent reason, had crippled off those True Martial Realm martial artists.

After Chen Xiang killed Lu Shang and Lu Zhengnan, he was resting for a few good days in the Extreme Dan King Courtyard. Because Lu Shang first acted against Chen Xiang, Chen Xiang didn’t suffer any repercussions for killing him. And, the most important point was, Gu Dongchen and Wu Kaiming confirmed Lu Shang first planned to kill Chen Xiang! VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Although many large families came here to crusade against Chen Xiang, however, the Extreme Martial Sect’s disciples felt Chen Xiang brought fame to the Extreme Martial Sect, and hence, it resulted in conflict between the Beast Martial Sect and the True Martial Sect again and again. Chen Xiang had crippled many True Martial Realm martial artists all at once, and this brought a great satisfaction to the disciples of the Extreme Martial Sect.

Many people knew Chen Xiang crippled those disciples because they wanted to rob Chen Xiang, and that was the only reason he acted. Otherwise, why would he even cripple the disciples of the Extreme Martial Sect, and this point have been confirmed by many True Martial Realm disciples of the Divine Weapon Heavenly Empire.

And regarding this point, Liu Menger strongly defended Chen Xiang, thence, those disciples of the Divine Weapon Heavenly Empire testified.

"These guys mouth are filled with virtue and morality, as if these crippled guys were saints. These bastards wanted to rob me. I was too lazy to even act against them! I’m truly regretting not silencing those guys!" Chen XIang was extremely furious. From a crystal ball, he could see those guys at the entrance shouting.

"What are you up to?" Elder Dan looked up at those beautiful flowers blooming on the Azure Profound Tree, "You better stay here honestly, let these rumour pass!"

Chen Xiang slapped his thigh and repled, "No way, I’m going to go out. You go and call little bald, you two accompany me outside, take a look at how your martial uncle play with them."

Chen Xiang had returned to his peak, however, Long Xueyi was still resting. She had eaten half of the Earth Core Divine Fruit from the Netherworld Abyss, and only due to it was she able to advance by leaps and bounds.

"What are you going to do?" Elder Dan asked.

"Soon you will know how I will resolve everything. However, I’m worried about those shameless guys, at that time, I might get attacked! That’s why you and little bald have to come and pressure them." Chen Xiang raised the corner of his lips as a sly smile appeared on his face.

Seeing that smile of Chen Xiang, Elder Dan knew someone was in big trouble!

Wu Kaiming had arrived; he didn’t recommend Chen Xiang to face those noisy guys seeking trouble, however, Chen Xiang insisted on going. He obviously could not defy his young martial uncle, and in order to suppress those people, Wu Kaiming called many True Disciples of the Extreme Martial Sect; there were some who had surpassed the True Martial Realm. Although they were not going to fight, they could always give their support in gaining prestige.

A translated work of Xianxiaworld