Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Friendly prompts this book the first update website, Baidu please search

Chen Xiang was eavesdropping on the conversation between Zhan Xi and the few Purple Smoke Divine Mountain Gods. After the competition, Zhan Xi had promised those Purple Smoke Divine Mountain Gods that he would think of ways to lure Chen Xiang out and kill him.

This Zhan Xi seemed to have a refined and refined appearance, he did not seem to be one of those evil villains! Yet, he actually colluded with other forces to kill his own people ...

Chen Xiang never thought that he would actually meet this Zhan Xi here. This caused killing intent to rise from his heart.

Although it was dark in the middle of the night, Chen Xiang and Zhan Xi were both gods. Even in the night, they could still see things clearly ...

"Brother, I think you must have just come out from the ancient village? I also just left that village." Zhan Xi said with a smile.

Chen Xiang also laughed back, "That’s right, may I know where this friend is from?"

Zhan Xi came over to Chen Xiang’s side. Seeing that Chen Xiang did not ask him amicably, he relaxed his guard and laughed, "I am your brother from Six Realms Divine Palace."

Chen Xiang laughed coldly in his heart. Zhan Xi was obviously from the Supreme Divine Palace, but when he heard Zhan Xi’s words, he pretended to be surprised and said, "It’s really not easy to meet Six Realms Divine Palace’s disciples.

Zhan Xi laughed indifferently: "Absolutely true, I am a disciple of the Six Realms Divine Palace. I never lie to you, my friend.

"I am from Supreme Divine Palace." Chen Xiang did not hide his name and he boldly said it, "My name is Chen Xiang and I am the Dan Hall. I have just joined the Supreme Divine Palace and do not know much about the Six Realms Divine Palace but I am very interested in it now.

Zhan Xi was dumbstruck. He had just walked on the road and was thinking about how he could befriend Chen Xiang and lure him out to Purple Smoke Divine Mountain’s God of Heaven to kill him. But now, Chen Xiang was right in front of him ...

He had also seen Chen Xiang’s portrait in the Supreme Divine Palace, but he did not expect that Chen Xiang would so casually reveal his name and background to a stranger, even though he was not very deep into the world.

Chen Xiang did this on purpose to embarrass Zhan Xi and see what methods he would use in the Supreme Divine Palace to trick him into letting others kill him.

Just as Chen Xiang was feeling proud in his heart, Zhan Xi’s next words made him secretly curse.

"So it’s Brother Shen. I’ve long heard of your great name! To tell you the truth, I’m actually the third hall’s Zhan Xi. I just said that I’m from the Six Realms Divine Palace, and that I’m actually here to protect myself. It’s because there are some people around here who are not friendly with the Supreme Divine Palace, so please forgive me."

Zhan Xi did not find it strange that such a cunning person like Zhan Xi had such a thick skin. That was the most basic of quality ...

"So it’s the young disciples of the three halls. I heard the hall master say that today’s reputation is indeed worthy of its reputation." Chen Xiang laughed: "Brother Zhan, you are talking about exiting the sect with great care. I was being careless just now, shouldn’t you tell me your real name and background? I still have to thank Brother Zhan for the reminder."

Zhan Xi did not know if what Chen Xiang said was true or not, but from the few god gods in Purple Smoke Divine Mountain, he found out that when Chen Xiang stole the blue divine flowers, he immediately revealed his name, so Zhan Xi thought that Chen Xiang should be rather high-profile.

"Brother Shen, where are you going now? Do you want to return to the Supreme Divine Palace?" Zhan Xi seemed to hope that Chen Xiang could return to the Supreme Divine Palace quickly so that he could carry out the plan to lure Chen Xiang to the purple-clothed men and kill him.

Chen Xiang was naturally aware of Zhan Xi’s schemes. He said, "I had originally planned to return, but I knew that there was a type of divine fruit that was said to be a Shangpin medicine nearby. I planned to look for it first before returning."

Hearing that the high grade divine fruit, Zhan Xi’s eyes flashed with a faint light. In the dark night, Chen Xiang caught sight of signs that this greedy and treacherous person was taking the bait with a single glance.

Zhan Xi immediately became serious, "Brother Shen, is the information you received accurate?"

"I bought it from a young man in the village. That’s what he said anyway." Chen Xiang said: "I used ten thousand Shen Yuan stone anyway so it’s not a lot. Anyway, we might as well take it as luck to come to this divine medicine trove.

Zhan Xi also clearly knew what kind of village it was. All the Grass Wood Elves and other Grass Wood Elves had a type of power that allowed them to sense the location of the divine medicine. Thus, he felt that although what Chen Xiang said should be true, it would not be easy for them to find the high quality divine fruit ...

With a quick thought, he thought of an ingenious plan and said to Chen Xiang: "Brother Shen, it is very likely that you have been tricked. The villagers in the village can know where the divine medicine is, but they can also sell it there many times.

Hearing Zhan Xi’s request, Chen Xiang secretly thought for a while and understood what Zhan Xi was trying to do. Zhan Xi did not want him to make up those high-grade divine fruits, but was looking for an opportunity to set up a trap for him. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Chen Xiang said, "Alright!"

Afterwards, Chen Xiang truthfully said some things ... Of course, Yue’er taught him these things, and Yue’er understood divine medicines very well. Only by doing this would she be able to deceive Zhan Xi.

After Zhan Xi finished listening, he pretended to be very serious and attentive as he took out a jade tablet, handing it over to Chen Xiang. "Brother Shen, take this well.

Chen Xiang nodded his head and took the Communication jade Symbol paper: "No problem, thank you Brother Zhan. If I find you, I will inform you too."

Zhan Xi laughed and patted Chen Xiang’s shoulders as he patted him on the shoulder, "It’s best if we don’t go too far away from this forest. Otherwise, we won’t be able to contact each other if we go too far away from the place that the youth has told us to go."

Chen Xiang pretended to be oblivious and nodded his head heavily.

Zhan Xi greeted Chen Xiang and disappeared in the blink of an eye. Chen Xiang immediately sent a sound transmission to Yue’er and laughed, "This guy is most likely going to find those Purple Smoke Divine Mountain’s gods ..."