Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang finished off Zhan Xi and a purple-clothed man, and even obtained a Tianhai flower. His harvest was very rich, which caused him to happily hum a small tune in the mountain forest, skipping and walking around.

On the other hand, Yue Er was resting inside her bag. If she sensed anything, she would wake up.

Chen Xiang picked a wild flower and sucked the sweet juice from the flower. Then, he gently shook the flower off and used his finger to release a burst of energy to scatter the flower and cause the petals to fall. This would allow the flower to be sowed and grow even more in the forest in the future.

A few of the petals slowly became beautiful, and just as they were about to land on the ground, a gentle breeze suddenly blew into the forest. The petals that were about to fall to the ground were blown up by the wind.

The strange thing was, after these petals were blown away, they actually clashed against each other. At first, Chen Xiang thought it was a coincidence, but the next scene he saw made him feel like he was facing a great enemy.

A few petals were suddenly blown together by the light breeze, and at the moment of collision, they actually produced faint traces of white light. The petals that were initially scattered by Chen Xiang, actually merged together, and became beautiful flowers again.

This was definitely not a coincidence. Rather, it was caused by a very powerful force.

"Who is it?" Chen Xiang stopped in his tracks and shouted loudly. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

"This guy is very strong. It seems like he has been following you for a long time." Yue’er hurriedly stuck her head out from her backpack and looked around, her voice also becoming more serious.

Knowing that he had been followed, Chen Xiang felt a chill down his spine. If that was the case, then wouldn’t he have been the one to let the purple-clothed man off the hook?

Chen Xiang turned around and looked behind him. At this time, he only felt the wind grow stronger, and just as he was about to continue walking forward, he suddenly saw a man with long hair standing in front of him.

This almost made Chen Xiang scream out in shock. He had used his Spatial Perception just now, but he still did not notice this man. Even when he closed his eyes, he could not feel that this man was right in front of him.

Even if it was a god, he wouldn’t feel such terror.

The man in white had a very handsome face, and his eyebrows were meticulously trimmed. The hand holding the bamboo flute was very long, and his nails were carefully trimmed. He seemed to care even more about these things than the women.

Chen Xiang, on the other hand, was tall and sturdy, his clothes were tattered, his hair was messy, there was even some mud under his nails, the bottom of his pants were rolled up to reveal his extremely dense leg hair, and although he was handsome, his unkempt personality prevented his handsome face from appearing.

Chen Xiang and the white clothed man in front of him were like two polar opposites.

"Who are you and why are you following me?" Chen Xiang asked with a frown and a vigilant expression. He had already taken out the God Slaughtering Sword.

The man in white smiled. His smile was very charming and his voice was filled with a strange charm. "I didn’t follow you. I’ve been in this place for quite a while. I only came to take a look after noticing that someone has entered this place."

Sunlight shone through the gaps in the treetops, causing beams of light to fall from the trees. The man in white waved his hand, and a gentle breeze blew, causing the flower to float in the wind and land in his palm.

"I’m so sorry to bother you." Chen Xiang cupped his fist and turned to leave. Before he had taken a few steps, the white clothed man suddenly appeared in front of him.

"I just want to ask, were you the one who used the God Murdering Sword Techniques?" The white clothed man asked: "I was attracted by your terrifying God-killing sword."

This man in white was very strong. Chen Xiang was not able to see his strength, and only felt that this man in white was capable of killing him at any time.

"Yes." Chen Xiang replied.

"Where did you get it?" With a gentle blow of his white robe, the flower in his palm floated away with the wind. It was unknown where he had drifted to. From his appearance, it seemed that he doted on these flowers.

"A senior sister passed down the God Murdering Sword Techniques to me, and this senior sister’s father passed down the God Murdering Sword Techniques to him. As for how his father obtained it, I don’t know." Chen Xiang spoke the truth.

"Oh, it won’t be easy to cultivate this God Murdering Sword Techniques, especially one with a God-killing sword at your level. As far as I know, the first thing you need to do is to have the God Slaughtering Bloodline, but you obviously don’t." The white clothed man spoke indifferently, but his eyes were staring straight at Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang immediately felt a great pressure pressing down on him. His back was covered with cold sweat.

"I’m not too sure either. This might have something to do with the Divine Deity that I fused with before." Chen Xiang had already determined that the Divine Deity he had fused with should have belonged to that whatever Six-Daos Divine Monarch. It was said that he was the son of the Six-Daos Divine King and was a legendary figure in the Six Realms Divine Palace.

After the white clothed man heard this, he slightly frowned. After pondering for a moment, he no longer pursued the matter of the God Murdering Sword Techniques, and asked about another matter instead: "Are the Star and crescent beast in your bag?"

Yue’er stuck her head out. "I am a Star and crescent beast, do you want to eat me?"

Chen Xiang was startled, but Yue’er had an impatient tone when she asked that. It seemed like she had some understanding of the man in white, and even asked him "Do you want to eat me?"

The white clothed man smiled: "Why do you want to know if I want to eat you? Don’t tell me I look like someone who specializes in eating Star and crescent beast."

Yue’er snorted lightly: "Your Divine Wind Valley has always had this kind of tradition. As far as I know, most of our Star and crescent beast were captured by your Divine Wind Valley."

In Divine Wind Valley, Chen Xiang suddenly understood that this man had always been using wind power, so this Divine Wind Valley should be one of the powers in Super God Realm.

"I am from the Divine Wind Valley, not bad, but I have been separated from the Divine Wind Valley for many years. Now, I am from the Six Realms Divine Palace." The white clothed man smiled. "Moreover, the Divine Wind Valley that you mentioned is from many years ago. The current Divine Wind Valley doesn’t eat Star and crescent beast anymore, nor do they dare to eat Star and crescent beast."

"Hmph." Yue’er was still very unhappy, "What kind of background do you have? As far as I know, Six Realms Divine Palace doesn’t have a person like you."

The white clothed man laughed: "My name is Xiao Changle, although I have joined the Six Realms Divine Palace, I have rarely shown my face. I have been training in this treasured land all year round."

Chen Xiang replied: "If Senior doesn’t have anything else, then I’ll be leaving first. I still have to rush back okay."

This land had a strange power, so it was normal for Xiao Changle to be hiding here to cultivate. Now, Chen Xiang just wanted to return to the Supreme Divine Palace and leave this mysterious expert behind, even though this person had no ill intentions towards him.

"You must be from the Supreme Divine Palace." Xiao Changle asked with a smile.

"Yes." Chen Xiang didn’t think that he would be seen through so easily. He didn’t have the characteristics of a Supreme Divine Palace.

"I will be going to the Supreme Divine Palace soon. I think you should be from there, otherwise, you wouldn’t have collected such a precious medicine. I didn’t expect that there would be a little kid like you in the Dan Hall." Xiao Changle chuckled: "You can go back first, I think we won’t be seeing each other for long."

New Quick Text