Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang and Feng Yujie still had a lot of Regeneration Dan s’ medicinal ingredients in their hands. However, due to time constraints, they did not manage to refine them in time.

Right now, they were certain that the currency used by the Super God Realm and those Divine Nations were the Shen Yuan stone and their target in the future was the nine great Divine Nations. Therefore, they had to take advantage of this situation to store a few more Shen Yuan stone, not to mention that they needed to gather a large amount of divine medicine.

The oldest Gu said, "This is a big matter. If we do not inform the hall master about this matter and prevent him from participating, he will definitely scold us. I will call him over right now."

Just as oldest Gu finished speaking, Gu Lao Er smiled and said: "I had already used a sound transmission jade to notify him. This is a huge matter in our tenth hall, of course hall master would not be missing."

Old Gu smiled, "The members of the tenth hall are all here, we’re only missing one Hall Master. It’s about time to gather. After all, our tenth hall has three new young men."

oldest Gu patted Chen Xiang’s shoulders and laughed: "It’s all thanks to this kid."

Shui Bingyan said guiltily: "My fellow Senior Brothers and Sisters, I do not know how to refine pills, I only know how to make iced tea."

Shui Bingyan brought out the ice tea that she had just made, one for each person. She still had a large pot in her hands.

"It’s fine, we’ll be fine. Our tenth hall hasn’t had youngsters like you for so many years. How good is it now?" He was the eldest senior brother, and was very concerned with Chen Xiang and the others, he was just like a younger brother and sister to him.

Luo Tianjun came and saw that Three Gu Brothers and the others were chatting and laughing, drinking that delicious iced tea, and scolded him the moment he entered the door, "You bunch of brats, you’ve been gathering for so long, only now did you notify me."

The moment Luo Tianjun walked in, Shui Bingyan immediately gave him a cup of ice tea. was extremely fond of this foolish girl, Shui Bingyan.

Feng Yujie immediately chattered on about his plan to Luo Tianjun.

After Luo Tianjun finished listening, he sighed with emotion, "You youngsters are even more powerful than us old bones. A while ago, this brat helped Old Zhu complete a very dangerous mission, and now, you, as a little girl, have tossed out a few hundred Regeneration Dan s."

Chen Xiang laughed: "All of these were forced out, Sister Feng was previously provoked by those two little imps, so she decided to retaliate." Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Luo Tianjun stroked his mustache and nodded: "That’s right, the two fellows from before were selling their Regeneration Dan s at a low price. Now I want to take them back, but I can’t let them succeed in the first place, hehe, now is a good opportunity, so you guys can arrange everything properly here and leave the matter of the promotions to me. It’s really been many years since I travelled and have also accumulated a lot of connections, I can guarantee that you guys will have a good start tomorrow."

Although Chen Xiang and Feng Yujie were happy when they heard it, they also felt a lot of pressure. If business were to be good, they would need to provide enough Regeneration Dan.

"Hall Master, we will sell only a hundred pills on the first day. After that, we will provide fifty pills a day until there is no more." Feng Yujie said: "If there are too many people, we can sell them all in one day."

Luo Tianjun said: "Sure, as long as you don’t let the Regeneration Dan of those two sell."

Feng Yujie took out a few Regeneration Dan s and handed them over to Luo Tianjun and Three Gu Brothers, saying, "Take a look at the quality of these Regeneration Dan, and compare them with the quality of the ones in one room."

"Very good, the quality is good, and it looks fresh. It was just made not long ago, right? The two Regeneration Dan in the hall have been stored for a long time, and their quality has dropped a lot. They are definitely not as good as you two, even if they aren’t concocting pills, you can tell at a glance." The oldest Gu praised.

In this place, only Luo Tianjun knew about Chen Xiang and Feng Yujie’s background, so he was not surprised at all with these Regeneration Dan.

Chen Xiang took a jade tablet from Feng Yujie, and said: "Hall Master, Senior Brothers, this is the Regeneration Dan’s pill formula, Sister Feng has already passed it down to me, now that you have helped us, I will give it to you."

Luo Tianjun originally did not want it, but since Chen Xiang and Feng Yujie had forcefully given it to him, he could only accept it and give it to Three Gu Brothers as well.

"Brat, if you need help, you can also go to Olde Iron Cock. This guy probably doesn’t have anything to do right now, so he’ll definitely help you guys enthusiastically." Luo Tianjun said.

"Who is the Olde Iron Cock?" Feng Yujie thought about it, she and Chen Xiang did not know each other.

"He’s that old man from the Supreme Hall. We all call him Olde Iron Cock, but you can’t call him that in front of everyone. It’s very rude." Luo Tianjun laughed out loud: "He should be hosting the construction of the Transmission array at the plaza right now, you can take a walk, as for the arrangement here, leave it to the three of them, you can go and play as much as you want."

The old man from the Supreme Hall was extremely powerful, but his nickname was actually the Olde Iron Cock, which made it difficult for Chen Xiang and Chen Xiang to understand him.

When Luo Tianjun left the shop, Three Gu Brothers also split up and moved. Chen Xiang and Feng Yujie brought Shui Bingyan and walked towards the large plaza in the middle.

Yue Er stuck her head out from her backpack and said excitedly: "The Transmission array is completed. It will be more convenient for me to return to the Supreme Divine Palace in the future. At that time, I can introduce some of my friends to me."

After Shui Bingyan heard this, he asked: "Yue’er, is your friend a little kitten?"

Yue’er shook her head. "No, there are birds, little eagles, little tigers, and little snakes. When the time comes, I’ll see if I can contact them."

Chen Xiang also thought that Yue’er’s friends were all cats. He didn’t expect that her relationship with them was so broad.

When they reached the plaza, they quickly found the Olde Iron Cock. He was pointing at a few elderly men as he adjusted the Transmission array.

What made Chen Xiang startled was that he saw Xie Ao holding onto a black sword. Xie Ao stood at the side of the plaza coldly, as if he was waiting for something.

"Sister Feng, bring BingYan to talk with Senior Olde Iron Cock. I’ll go take a look at what’s going on with Xie Ao." Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to Feng Yujie before walking to the other side of the large plaza, where Xie Ao stood.

Xie Ao had already seen Chen Xiang, so he nodded towards him. Chen Xiang had saved him before, and was even Qi Shi’s friend.

"Senior Xie, what are you doing here?" Chen Xiang asked in a low voice.

"Wait for the bandits in Purple Smoke Divine Mountain. Once they appear, I will let them stain this place in blood. I just had a breakthrough, I can use them to train." Xie Ao spoke very casually, as if he was just chatting normally. In his eyes, killing the Purple Smoke Divine Mountain gods was like lifting his hand.

Chen Xiang’s eyebrows twitched, once Xie Ao broke through, his killing intent was this strong. He laughed: "Senior, this is not good, tomorrow is a good day for all the major powers to gather here, you are here to kill someone?"

Xie Ao said indifferently: "Don’t be afraid, who asked them to steal me, the disciples of our Supreme Divine Palace were robbed, it is only natural to kill them back, don’t worry, tomorrow, there will be a person with full prestige supporting me in the Supreme Divine Palace, I have already investigated, those bandits’ reputations are terrible, tomorrow I will expose them for sure."

Chen Xiang also wished for those bandits to die, these bandits were plotting against him, and they also did a lot of heartless things in the Divine Medicinal Treasure Land. They deserved to die, if he had Supreme Divine Palace’s support, Chen Xiang would be happy to see it.