Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

In the face of such a situation, Chen Xiang felt a lot of pressure, because in this situation, it would be best for the Nine Divine Kings to come out! And the Nine Divine Kings needed his help to get out of the Ninefold Space, he needed to find another Four Symbols Divine Weapons!

At that time, the Nine Heaven World will be affected by the power of the Nine Gods Nation! Furthermore, right now the Nine Heaven World has already merged with the Gods Realm, there are already many shrines in the Gods Realm that are loyal to the Nine Gods Nation! That’s why the Nine Gods Nation can smoothly take over the position of Nine Heaven World. Perhaps, the three of us don’t even need to do anything. " Luo Tianjun said.

Yi Bidong shook his head: "It’s hard to say. What if the Nine Heaven World’s original power is also extremely terrifying and can go toe to toe with the Gods Realm’s Divine Palace?

Zhu Xiangyuan asked: "You have never tried to understand these things? When did Nine Heaven World take over the Gods Realm? "

"It started three days ago. At present, we don’t even know much about the powers above Nine Heaven World. After all, there is still a space between them, so it’s not good for us to get to know each other!" Mu Chen said: "The ones who understand Nine Heaven World the best should be the two of them!"

Mu Chen looked towards Chen Xiang and Feng Yujie.

Chen Xiang spread out his hands and said: "I have left the Nine Heaven World for a long time. When I left the Nine Heaven World, its power was rather weak, but with how fast the Nine Heaven World has grown, the cultivators above must have also improved by leaps and bounds! So I’m not sure about the specifics. "

At that time, Huang Jintian said that he had calculated out a great matter which was related to him. This great matter was related to the future operations of the world, and his comrades were also related to Chen Xiang!

Huang Jintian’s Heaven extended method had always been calculated correctly, and at that time, Huang Jintian said that something big had happened during the Large Competition. Right now, there was still a lot of time until the Large Competition, and there was still about a month or so left.

In other words, there was still one more important matter that was about to happen when the various great powers of Super God Realm were holding the Large Competition!

"I came to find you guys to say this because I want to let you guys prepare yourselves, because I don’t know when Nine Heaven World will swallow this place up! If it is swallowed, then you will be in danger. " Mu Chen said.

Feng Yujie and Chen Xiang nodded, they had received the news in advance and were prepared for it. Although they were weak, they would not sit still and wait for death.

"BingYan, we’re going back!" Feng Yujie walked to Shui Bingyan’s side and lightly patted her shoulder. Shui Bingyan had just been watching the flowers and chasing after the butterflies and birds. Even though she had heard the conversation, she did not care.

Feng Yujie held onto Shui Bingyan’s delicate hand, worried that she would be discovered by Mu Chen and Xiao Changle when she broke through the barrier.

It was only noon when they returned to the Supreme Divine Palace. They had originally planned to take a walk in the Heroes Gathering Divine City, but after knowing about the matters there, they were no longer in the mood.

"Don’t worry about Qilian and the others. If Nine Heaven World and Gods Realm are fused together, Little Jiu will definitely bring them to my previous dragon vein. That place is the safest place, Little Jiu will know how to enter!" Feng Yujie said.

The dragon vein that Feng Yujie was talking about, was inside that divine tomb, which was also the birthplace of Chen Xiang. His father and the rest of his clansmen were all there to guard the tomb.

"I wonder what will happen then. My master told me that during the start of the Large Competition, something big will happen." Chen Xiang told Feng Yujie about Huang Jintian’s situation.

"Your master is incredible indeed, to have such a background. If he can get through the great tribulation, not only can he recover his memories, he might even be able to recover his strength back then. I just don’t know when he will begin to experience the great tribulation!" Feng Yujie said: "And Qi Shi, I wonder how he is doing now!"

When she mentioned Qi Shi, Yue’er suddenly became agitated: "And this guy, I almost forgot! He was one of the Prince Divine Lions back then, and had died in that great battle. If he had not died at that time, he would have been the Lion King of the Divine Lion Race, and might have become the new Lion King! Now that he is in the Lion Emperor’s Tomb, if he is able to obtain the inheritance of the Lion Emperor, it is very likely that he is the new emperor of the Divine Lion Race! "

Feng Yujie said: "It’s best if everything goes smoothly, but we have to prepare for the worst. If something really happens, and the Nine Gods Nation really wants to take action against us, we’ll escape!"

"The Nine Gods Nation has spoken the truth. There is nowhere for us to run to." Yue Er sighed.

"No, we can escape to the Nine Heaven Devil Palace, there will be the Ninefold Space, as long as we hide there, we will be safe for the time being!" Feng Yujie laughed: "Of course, this is the worst case scenario, we can’t enter that place without a choice, if not we won’t know when we’ll be able to leave!"

The nine mighty Celestial Kings had entered, but were still unable to leave. Naturally, they were the safest ones inside, making others feel as though they had died long ago.

"The Gods Realm is in a mess now. The Divine Prison was breached, and now that the Nine Heaven World has fused together, you can imagine how terrifying that place is!" Feng Yujie shook his head and sighed: "I hope that Qilian and the others can avoid these disputes."

Shui Bingyan suddenly said: "If we don’t have anywhere to go, we can go to the place where I was born. That place should be very safe! As long as I bring you in, nothing will happen. I have an ice palace under that ocean, and it’s very beautiful, but it’s not fun at all, and it’s also very boring. "

The gathering place of the Dao spirits was indeed an extremely terrifying place. The powerful subordinates of the Prince Divine Lions were all killed by Shui Bingyan in one move.

Not long after Chen Xiang and his group returned, Luo Tianjun arrived.

"Brat, teacher told me, did you have any conflicts with Prince Divine Lions?" Luo Tianjun and Olde Iron Cock came together with a serious expression.

"What’s wrong?" Chen Xiang was a little surprised.

"The Prince Divine Lions is here, he asked for you by name, saying that one of his Silver lion died, and it might be related to you. He wanted to ask you about it!" The Olde Iron Cock said.

The Olde Iron Cock knew that Chen Xiang had been to the Beast Divine Palace before. When Chen Xiang had accepted that mission, it could be said that he had friends in the Beast Divine Palace, and that the friend was Yue’er! So when Prince Divine Lions said that the death of the Silver lion was related to Chen Xiang, he secretly felt that it was Chen Xiang who did it.

"It has nothing to do with me, I don’t want to see him! To tell you the truth, when Prince Divine Lions sent his Silver lion to kill me, I escaped with my life, but I don’t know what happened to him afterwards! Right, he should be following me into the place that’s looking for Dao heart stone. Forget about the Silver lion, even Elder Zhu almost died inside, so I am not surprised that it died. " Chen Xiang spread out his hands. Although he said this, it made Olde Iron Cock and Luo Tianjun feel even more that he felt the same way.

Luo Tianjun subconsciously looked at Shui Bingyan. He had experienced Shui Bingyan’s power before, now he was certain that the death of that Silver lion was related to Chen Xiang! Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

"This Prince Divine Lions is going too far, they actually sent people to kill you! Since that’s the case, we can’t be nice to him either. Olde Iron Cock wants to leave, but he actually wants to kill this brat. Luo Tianjun was truly angry.