Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

This was also because Chen Xiang had no other choice. He had planned to use two pill furnaces, but with two pill furnaces, he needed to be distracted even more! Now that the two divine pills were in the same furnace, although he needed to be distracted, it wasn’t as serious as the two pill furnaces.

The Alchemy that Chen Xiang used was a [Original source refining] that he had comprehended himself. Using this [Alchemy] to refine Divine Pills was easier to control, which was why he did it.

On the surface, it seemed like he had to take both sides into consideration, but in reality, he had now divided the hundred over divine medicines into more than a hundred separate regions, and was going to use his flames to quickly refine them and search for Spirit blood s.

In the past, when he refined those divine pellets that he had never refined before, he would only use the Original source refining to refine them bit by bit. But now that he had the time to do so, he could only use the flames to quickly refine them according to his own experience.

... ....

"He’s using the Heavenly Alchemy now? I have heard of the Heavenly Alchemy, but I have never seen how it is used, so I can’t tell how he refined it either. " He was also from Divine Nations, and although he looked very young, and his clothes were relatively ordinary, his status was much more noble than the middle-aged men who were discussing how to kill Chen Xiang previously.

The red clothed man watched from the window, and an old man beside him said: "Young Noble, how about we capture him and have him teach you Heavenly Alchemy? I can make my move now! "

"No, I heard that cultivating the Heavenly Alchemy requires a lot of luck, I don’t want this kind of forceful method, I want to let nature take its course! Don’t do it, I want to see how this Chen Xiang passed this competition, and see if he is as godly as the legends say! " The red clothed man’s voice was somewhat severe. He was obviously criticizing the old man for his barbaric actions just now.

The old man’s expression turned to one of fear as he hurriedly said, "Young Master is right, this old servant knows he is wrong!"

"It’s good that you know your wrongs." The red clothed man nodded his head, then asked: "In the competition arena, the first few Inferior Grade Pill Gods who started refining pills were all chosen by the other Divine Nations, right? Our Divine Nations would definitely not do such a thing, we must select the truly outstanding Alchemist s to cultivate."

"Sir, if Chen Xiang wins, are you going to bring him back to the Divine Nations? I heard that many Divine Nations want to capture him, even if they can’t, they have to destroy him! " The old man said.

"I’ve heard of this before, so let nature take its course!" The red-clothed man casually said. He didn’t force anything, everything was as it should be.

It had already been two hours, and many of the participating disciples were sweating profusely. As for the old man from Six Realms Divine Palace, he had a relaxed expression on his face, as if victory was in his grasp.

But the one who attracted the most attention was Chen Xiang, because he was refining two different divine pellets within the same furnace, but there were many different divine pellets, two unfamiliar divine pellets. Seeing that he persisted for so long without making any mistakes, one could tell that he had a chance.

"So that’s how it is. This first round isn’t about pill refining, but about mental state. Actually, these two pills are all very easy to forge. They are just a test of one’s patience and confidence!" Chen Xiang never thought that he would find Spirit blood s from the divine medicines so quickly. Furthermore, it was very easy to fuse them together.

Chen Xiang was curious now, why would those Divine Nations open a backdoor for some of the disciples here? Could it be that he had already been selected by the Divine Nations?

"Completed!" The old man from Six Realms Divine Palace opened his eyes and said indifferently. He was the first to start a fire to refine pills, and also the first to refine a pill.

He opened the pill furnace. Inside were four dazzling divine pills. Although he did not know what kind of pills they were, they looked pretty good.

Next, he began the second batch. As he began, more and more people began to complete the first set of divine pills!

Currently, ten people had already finished the first furnace and were beginning to refine the second furnace. As for the second furnace, it was the most difficult and had a lot of medicinal ingredients.

Another hour passed in the blink of an eye. It hadn’t been long since the end of the competition.

... ....

"Chen Xiang has not been refined yet, is there a mistake? It’s all been lit here! " Gu Lao San said.

"What’s the rush? Can’t you see that Chen Xiang is still very calm?" The oldest Gu replied, "It’s not like you didn’t see this little brat using his palm to refine pills last time. I wouldn’t even be surprised if he had any tricks up his sleeve."

Feng Yujie laughed: "Even though you say that, he is always able to catch me by surprise."

Luo Tianjun scoffed: "These divine pellets are all useless divine pellets, they can be merged anytime they want. Eating these kind of divine pellets, is just making me feel comfortable, it’s really a scam."

Luo Tianjun had already looked at those medicinal ingredients very carefully just now, so he could recognize some of them.

"Look, that old man has finished the second furnace. This guy is really amazing." Xiao Chou shouted, he did not know that the old man was at the back door, he had already refined it once, which was why he was so fast.

After becoming the first person to complete the task, the elder did not have any expression on his face. He slowly took out the four white divine pills from the pill furnace and handed them over.

Chen Xiang felt that it was strange. If he and a few others who went through the backdoor were already selected by the Divine Nations, why would they come and participate in this kind of competition?

"Could it be for the sake of entering the Divine Nations in name?" Chen Xiang suddenly understood: "Looks like all these fellows gave the people sent by the Divine Nations a lot of benefits!"

Those who came from the Divine Nations were definitely rich and powerful, but they were still bribed. From this, it could be seen how expensive the few people from the backdoor must have paid.

Chen Xiang suddenly thought, that the old man from Six Realms Divine Palace had entered the Divine Nations, could it be that it was arranged by Xiao Changle? Most likely, only the hall master of the Six Realms Divine Palace, Xiao Changle, could come into contact with the experts sent by the Divine Nations and give them some benefits so that they could bring the old man back to the Divine Nations.

There was not much time left, only six people could finish it, while Chen Xiang was still refining pills, he was not in a rush, because he believed that he could finish it before the time was up. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"Alright!" Chen Xiang shouted, patting the lid of his pill furnace, it was half the height of a man, it was as big as a water jar!

After he was done, there were still some hourglass left.

Previously, many people were nervous for Chen Xiang, because the time was almost up. Seeing that he had finished shouting, they also wanted to see if he had really completed it. After all, he was concocting two pills in a single pill furnace.

There was a middle aged man by Olde Iron Cock’s side. This middle-aged man was responsible for inspecting the divine pellets that were refined, and it looked like he came from Divine Nations. He said to Chen Xiang: "Take out the divine pellets that you have refined!"

Chen Xiang did not immediately take out the Divine Pill, but instead walked towards the middle-aged man who was in charge of inspecting the pill furnace.