Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The pill god who was in charge of inspecting and accepting the divine pill raised his hand, and indicated that Chen Xiang should not continue carrying the pill furnace up, and said: "There’s no need to bring the pill furnace up, you can just directly give the divine pill to me."

The divine pills refined during the competition were not his own. This point was not objected to by all the participants. As long as the divine pills were to pass, he would pass the first round.

Chen Xiang continued to walk up, and said with a smile: "It’s extremely necessary."

The middle-aged man did not say anything and waited for Chen Xiang to bring the pill furnace over.

The road was not far, Chen Xiang quickly walked to the stage and put down the pill furnace.

They were high up, invisible to the gods below, only visible to those on the buildings at the edge of the field.

Chen Xiang opened the lid of the pill furnace and a ray of red light shone. The light enveloped the entire hole in the furnace, making it impossible to see what kind of godly pill was inside.

Seeing these clouds of light, many pill gods’ first reactions were that they thought this was the spirit of the divine pill! Generally, only the highest quality divine pills would be able to reach the peak of perfection.

In the past, Chen Xiang had also refined pills of this quality, it was just that they were all below the Holy Pellet level, he had never refined a Divine Pellet before, and very few people had the strength to do so.

"It’s not Pill Light, but ...." When Luo Tianjun saw it clearly, he was so shocked that he couldn’t say a word.

At this time, many people had also seen it. The reason why there was such a strong light was not because of the divine pills, but because there were too many divine pills inside.

The middle-aged man who was in charge of inspecting the pill furnace was stunned. He had seen it clearly the moment he had opened the lid.

He was stunned for a while before recovering from his shock. He took a deep breath and said with a trembling voice, "A total of 347 pills!"

The disciples that were originally spectating at the side of the plaza were all whispering to each other, when they heard the middle-aged man’s words, they all immediately quietened down.

The person who produced the most pills was Six Realms Divine Palace’s Pill God, he was the first to complete it. His output surprised many Pill Gods, though it was just a few pills!

But now, Chen Xiang had more than three hundred pills! Many people had not seen it with their own eyes, so they would rather believe in the sun formula than believe that Chen Xiang could refine a few hundred pills in one go. Although it was just a Xiaping Dan, it was still difficult to refine.

The middle-aged man held up the pill furnace and poured out the more than three hundred divine pills, each of which was glowing brightly. These were the two types of pills combined, one was golden and the other was white.

These over three hundred supreme dan beads were piled up in a small pile on the ground. One glance was enough to tell that these were absolutely supreme dan beads! The pill gods that produced the pills from before, all added together, were not as many as him!

Because these pills were all useless and had so many medicinal ingredients, Chen Xiang was able to refine two or three of them using his refining method. That was why he had so many pills in the end.

... ....

"Gongzi, you’re also an apothecary. What’s going on?" The old man behind the red-clothed man was extremely astonished. His face was filled with disbelief. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

The red clothed man frowned as he pondered, shaking his head, "I don’t know, I’ve already refined this kind of divine pill before. Back when I was taking the exam to refine these two kinds of divine pills, the difficulty of refining them wasn’t too high. At that time, I could only refine three pills each! "

"Young master, the reason Chen Xiang is so powerful is definitely because of the Heavenly Alchemy, we must definitely get him!" Greed flashed in the old man’s eyes.

The red clothed man said indifferently: "It’s mine, it will always be mine! If I were to snatch the Heavenly Alchemy, I think I wouldn’t be able to be like him, because the Heavenly Alchemy doesn’t belong to me in the first place. If the Heavenly Alchemy is mine, then I don’t even need to snatch it. "

The old man couldn’t help but sigh, because his Young Master was such a person. "Young master, if you can obtain the Heavenly Alchemy, then the Emperor’s seat would most likely be yours. The Emperor had repeatedly hinted that the Emperor’s position and everything about him would be passed on to the most capable prince! "Young master, although you have decent talent, but the other princes ..."

The red clothed man faintly smiled: "I’ve never thought of fighting for the throne. I just need to watch from the side. If I participate in this kind of boring and foolish thing, wouldn’t I be watched by others?"

The old man was speechless. If one obtained the throne, they could control a Divine Nations and had supreme power. If they received the inheritance, their strength could rise to another level. There were so many princes and princes in the Divine Nations. However, only the red clothed man did not have such thoughts!

... ....

The Rankers sent by the Divine Nations were even more eager to get the Heavenly Alchemy. They all thought that as long as they could get the Heavenly Alchemy, they would need to refine a few hundred of the divine pellets just like Chen Xiang had done.

Chen Xiang already knew that the Rankers sent by the Divine Nations were nearby, so he purposely put on a high profile. The reason he did that was to make these people take action against him, and at that time, he would let Yang Tianyi kill them all.

After Chen Xiang had passed, there was still one more person who had finished refining the hourglass when it was just finished. Now, there was a total of five people who could enter the next round!

Originally, there were many disciples who entered the competition, but now there were only eight left, showing just how difficult the next round would be. Right now, it was no longer the Pill God who was competing with the Pill God, but rather challenging the harsh rules of the competition.

Three matches were going to take place in half a day, so time was of the essence!

The Olde Iron Cock announced the rules of the second round, "There is no need for the second round. "The five people who produce the most pills can enter the final round!"

Hearing this rule, the three pill gods who produced the least amount of pills felt extremely unwilling, but they did not dare to say anything. They could only walk out of the arena with regret!

Chen Xiang guessed that the rules for the second round had definitely been changed at the last minute, because such a rule was simply too general, but there was nothing that he could do. After all, no one objected, and as a disciple participating in the competition, he naturally didn’t dare to say anything.

Just when Chen Xiang was guessing this way, Luo Tianjun sent him a sound transmission: "The rules for the second round were not like this, they suddenly changed! This should be because someone is worried about an uncontrollable situation occurring in this match. "

Olde Iron Cock continued to speak: "Now, the third round, if you can enter the top three, you will receive a reward! The second and third place had two precious Xiaping Dan recipes! And the one in first place will receive the Zhongpin Dan’s pill formula! "

Olde Iron Cock paused for a moment, then continued: "The third rank’s pill formula is the beast spirit pellet, the second rank is the clone spirit pellet, the first rank is the Life Soul Divine Pellet!"

Now that he had announced the rewards for the divine pellet formulas, Chen Xiang felt a lot more at ease. Otherwise, if he were to suddenly receive a ranking, he would temporarily decide to give some garbage divine pellet formulas.