Qi Shi’s arrival allowed Chen Xiang and Yue’er to feel a little more at ease. At the very least, this could delay Divine Lion Race and Yue’er for a period of time.

At this time, if the Ancestor Emperor came out, even if Qi Shi came out, it would be very difficult!

The Divine Lion King floated in the air, the golden armor on his body shone brightly in the sun. Although the Divine Lion Race Divine Lions did not listen to his orders, he was still confident that as long as he could kill Qi Shi, the Lions would follow him. They only followed the strong warriors.

Back then, Qi Shi was one of the strong War Gods in the Divine Lion Race, so when these Divine Lions saw Qi Shi’s appearance and felt his aura, they all pledged their allegiance to him.

"I am a failure, but you are a coward! If I did not risk my life that year, the Divine Lion Race would have been annihilated, but you actually hid behind my back, and waited for us to die so you could take over the throne of the Divine Lion Race. If it wasn’t for the fact that I used my life that year, the Divine Lion Race would have been annihilated, but you instead hid behind my back, and waited for us to die so that we could take over the throne of the Divine Lion Race. Qi Shi looked at the terrified Prince Divine Lions and shouted.

The Divine Lion King was unable to refute this point. Although the Divine Lions present were idiots, they still remembered these things, because they respected the strong warriors and respected the brave warriors. Back then, Qi Yan and Qi Shi had both sacrificed themselves to protect the Divine Lion Race, and they had all remembered this point.

The largest flame lion suddenly roared, the sudden explosive roar made everyone’s heart jump, the flame lion also spat out a ray of flame, aimed straight at Prince Divine Lions!

"Humph!" The Divine Lion King immediately flew over and waved his palm. At the same time the blue light flashed, the terrifying flame was refracted. At the same time, a blue mist of air dragged a long tail of light, shooting towards the gigantic Blazing Divine Lion like a meteorite.

Although the Blazing Demon Lion King was gigantic like a mountain and strong enough, the one attacking him was a prince of the Divine Lion Race, such a powerful force was not something he could withstand.

Seeing that, Qi Shi roared, at the same time he rushed towards the blue mist, his body releasing an intense white light, directly scattering the blue mist that was condensed with a terrifying power.

In the blink of an eye, Qi Shi broke through the ball of air and arrived in front of the Divine Lion King.

The moment this warblade appeared, all the lions let out earth-shattering roars!

"Lion King’s War Saber, you went to the Lion King’s Tomb ..." The Divine Lion King was shocked. To be able to obtain this in the Lion Emperor’s mausoleum meant that Qi Shi had already obtained the recognition of the Lion Emperor.

Qi Shi did not speak further, the blade had already slashed down rapidly, the blade contained Qi Shi’s anger and strength, the moment the blade was unleashed, a powerful roar came out from the blade, the entire ground immediately caved in, flying up with layers of stone and earth. A gigantic black lion vaguely appeared in the midst of the dust.

This slash was extremely terrifying. The Divine Lion King had been trembling when Qi Shi had attacked, especially when he saw that this was the Lion Emperor’s blade. He had already lost the will to fight with Qi Shi.

Divine Lion King dodged the blade, but Qi Shi’s blade was not aimed at him, it directly slashed at Prince Divine Lions who was so scared that he could not move due to the blade’s power.

The moment the sword slashed down, it was as if a black lion had drilled into Prince Divine Lions’s body. The Prince Divine Lions let out a miserable roar, and transformed into black fragments.

"Qi Shi... You actually killed my son! " As the Godly Lion King looked at the scattered black fragments, his entire body trembled in anger.

"Your son deserves to die, he killed the warriors of my Divine Lion Race. Even if I do not kill him, the members of the Divine Lion Race will not let him go." Qi Shi’s strength had actually become so terrifying. After killing the Prince Divine Lions, his warblade had already reached the neck of the Divine Lion King.

At this time, everyone could see that there was a layer of faint black mist on the Golden Armor of the Divine Lion King. Seeing this mist, Chen Xiang immediately looked at the White Tiger beside him.

"Tell me, why did you come here? The trouble caused by your son is not enough for you to use the power of your entire clan!" Qi Shi asked. The Divine Lion King was weaker than Qi Shi, hence Qi Shi had even more prestige in the Divine Lion Race.

Divine Lion King did not reply, he looked at the long haired old man from the Star Moon Divine Race. The old man waved his hand, and a red light shot out and struck Qi Shi’s blade.

With a "ding" sound, the blade in Qi Shi’s hand was almost knocked flying.

It was also at this moment that the old man from the Star Moon Divine Race came to the side of the Divine Lion King.

Yue’er transmitted to Chen Xiang, "This guy is our Star Moon Divine Race’s Star-Moon Beast King."

Qi Shi seemed to recognize the other party as well and frowned: "It’s you? I didn’t expect you to be at this height! "

His cold old face raised a stiff cold smile: "Qi Shi, you better not bother about today’s matters, you can leave now, I guarantee that you will still be able to live in the future, the matters of your Divine Lion Race will be resolved elsewhere, as long as you don’t meddle in today’s matters!"

"So what if you are the Star-Moon Beast King? My Divine Lion Race’s matters are not up to you to cause trouble, don’t tell me that I want to kill this fellow and have you nod your head? " Qi Shi sneered: "Don’t think that I don’t know about that Samsara Sacrifice thing. For you bastards to have such strength today, you must be sacrificing that little white cat!" ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Qi Shi’s words caused the Star-Moon Beast King’s expression to drastically change, because this was their Star Moon Divine Race’s secret. They could not let anyone else know about it, nor should they let the clan members of the Star Moon Divine Race know about it.

"I didn’t want to kill you, but you talk too much!" The Star-Moon Beast King bellowed angrily, a ball of red fire burst out from its palm and flew towards Qi Shi at a close distance. Looking carefully, it was a meteorite that carried a terrifying power. slashed with his back, at the same time as the blade Qi split the meteorite apart, it shot towards the Star-Moon Beast King. At the same time, a roar came out, and the White Tiger had already launched its attack.

This was one of the Four Protectors of the Beast Divine Palace in the past. Now that he had regained his strength well and grasped the very mysterious and terrifying power of the Law of Darkness.

"Ancestor Emperor, save me!" He was very surprised by the sudden appearance of the White Tiger. With Qi Shi and the White Tiger attacking him, he could only die.

When Chen Xiang heard the Star-Moon Beast King’s roar, he immediately told the White Tiger and Qi Shi, "You guys hurry up and leave, this Ancestor Emperor is very powerful!"