Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had just finished sending them the sound transmission when a blazing star that was over ten times the size of a city descended from the sky swiftly. When it pressed down, that scorching aura made everyone feel as if they were in a furnace.

When Mu Chen and Xiao Changle saw it, they immediately soared into the sky. The Vermilion Bird was also involved, followed by Olde Iron Cock, Luo Tianjun, Zhu Xiangyuan and the other elders.

Fortunately, they were high up, so they were able to block in time!

The flaming star landed in a mountain forest far away. A violent earthquake came. The green mountain range was pushed to the ground by the flaming aura. The scorching fire spread out to a radius of a thousand miles.

At this time, the entire Heroes Gathering Divine City and the Supreme Divine Palace were being attacked by the flames. The flames were wreaking havoc on the land, and the villages near the Supreme Divine Palace had all disappeared.

A large part of the forest was destroyed!

Everyone was incomparably shocked. If that star had directly landed on the Heroes Gathering Divine City, then the entire Divine City would have definitely disappeared and this place would have turned into a deep pit!

In a few moments, this entire place had turned into a sea of fire. Only the Supreme Divine Palace and the others had not been affected!

... ....

The red clothed man floated in the air and looked down at the raging sea of fire. He exclaimed, "Where did this guy come from? If we fall into the city, we might even suffer! "

The old follower was furious: "Young master, you must tell Divine Lord about this matter, you were almost killed just now!"

The experts from the Divine Nations were all extremely shocked, they never thought that the dispute in the Super God Realm would actually reveal such a terrifying expert, they were already considered strong, but the power of the Ancestor Emperor was enough to kill them.

Not long after the sea of fire appeared, it began to rain. In the blink of an eye, the fire was extinguished. Moreover, the ground was even frozen.

At this moment, a young brawny man walked out from the ice. This man had thick eyebrows and big eyes, his fierce face was full of anger. He did not get angry, but his appearance alone gave people a sense of fear and oppression.

This was the stupid cow that Yue’er and Yang Tianyi always spoke of, the Ancestor Emperor!

"He specializes in consuming young stars for cultivation, but those young stars are all of good quality. He can devour all kinds of stars with different attributes, so it’s not strange that he can use both ice and fire. Why is Yang Tianyi that bastard still not out yet!" Yue Er was extremely anxious. "Even Divine Nations and those guys are afraid now, they probably won’t be able to withstand it. If this stupid cow brought one or two more stars over, Divine City would be gone."

It was obvious that it was this fellow who released the stars, and everyone felt that it was definitely not a real star, but rather someone condensed the power of a terrifying star in an instant. Thinking of this, everyone shuddered.

"Hand over the kittens and you’ll be fine!" Ancestor Emperor’s voice was hoarse, it sounded like muffled thunder that covered the entire sky.

Seeing the appearance of the Ancestor Emperor, the Star-Moon Beast King became more confident, but at the same time, the group of elders from the Star Moon Divine Race all rushed forward to attack the White Tiger and Qi Shi.

When the Vermillion Bird saw that the White Tiger had been surrounded, it didn’t care too much about it and immediately rushed over. Mu Chen, Yi Bidong and the others were also chatting with the White Tiger previously.

"The kitten is hiding in this direction, I can sense it! Did you mean to hide her? Alright, I’ll kill you guys first, then slowly search for it. " A flaming long blade appeared in Star Moon Ancestor Emperor’s huge palm and chopped at the white tiger from afar.

Just as the White Tiger was about to be hit, it turned into a cloud of black qi and dodged!

At this moment, Qi Shi and the others were fighting with the elders of the Star Moon Divine Race. What they did not expect was that another gigantic star appeared in the sky, this star was much larger than the previous one, and it landed on the Supreme Divine Palace and the Heroes Gathering Divine City. If it were to smash down again, it would definitely turn into ashes.

The Rankers from the Divine Nations did not plan to intervene at the moment. They were happy to see the strength of the Super God Realm weakened, and it was a good thing for them!

The gigantic flaming stars emitted red light, enveloping the entire sky above Heroes Gathering Divine City. At this time, the people from Heroes Gathering Divine City all flew out, and looked at the sky from inside the Divine City and the shrine, as if they were pressing down from the heavens.

Chen Xiang immediately flew high into the sky. He only wanted to use his own strength to stop the formation of the falling spirit stone, but at that moment, he saw a big fellow standing on top of their shop in the sky.

It’s Yang Tianyi! He came out, he’s on the roof of the shop!

Yang Tianyi must have definitely been shocked awake from such a huge commotion, and he must have fused with the star divine soul at such a critical time! F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Yang Tianyi stood on top of the building, his palm faced the sky and released a ray of white light!

The white light that he released was only the size of an arm. Compared to the gigantic flaming star that could cover a hundred cities, it was simply too small!

However, just as the white light touched the blazing star, cracks appeared on the surface of the blazing star, following that, Yang Tianyi’s white light became a little thicker, bigger than a water jar, and pierced through the entire star.

At this moment, everyone could see that not only did this intense white light pierce through the stars, it also caused the surface of the stars to be filled with cracks. It even slowed down the falling speed of the stars.

"Stupid cow, you’re nothing much!" Yang Tianyi laughed out loud, and the white light that was originally the size of a water jar suddenly became extremely huge, enveloping the entire fiery star!

This beam of white light appeared for a very short time, almost in a flash, and then the blazing star vanished with the white light.

After Yang Tianyi extinguished all the stars, he instantly flashed high up into the sky, then flashed outside the city walls. Standing in front of the Star Moon Ancestor Emperor, the two were of average height!

When Star Moon Ancestor Emperor saw Yang Tianyi, he frowned: "I don’t know you, why are you meddling in my affairs? Who exactly are you? Only the Divine Nations has someone with such strength! But Divine Nations promised me never to interfere in my affairs! "

"You don’t know me, but I do! You are the famous Star Swallowing Divine Cow in Star Law Divine Realm! " Yang Tianyi said indifferently. When the Star Moon Ancestor Emperor heard this, he immediately took a few steps back.

"Are you the enforcer?" Star Moon Ancestor Emperor shouted in shock.

"No, but killing you is enough!" Yang Tianyi did not waste any more words, his fist had already smashed into Star Moon Ancestor Emperor’s face.

Star Moon Ancestor Emperor was immediately sent flying far away, and he could no longer be seen with the naked eye, but the battle here continued. This was a battle between White Tiger, Qi Shi and the rest of the Star Moon Divine Race!

At this moment, many people were confused. According to the clues they had gathered, all of this was caused by a kitten! This is ridiculous! For a little kitten, he almost destroyed a Divine City and shrine. If he did not experience it personally, he would not have believed it.

"It’s really dangerous, we were almost finished just now!" Jiang Sheng laughed as he came to Chen Xiang’s side. He had initially gone to look for Qi Shi, but it seemed that he had already found him.

Chen Xiang immediately recognized him from his aura. He was the White crocodile of the Beast Divine Palace back then.