Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

This was something that Chen Xiang had learned from Yue’er. Now that Qi Shi wanted to bring them to the Lion King’s mausoleum, it was because Qi Shi could safely enter and exit the mausoleum.

"The Lion Emperor’s mausoleum should be the safest place now. Although the Lion Emperor is already dead, the mausoleum he constructed when he was still alive is not simple at all." The white tiger stared at a blurry silhouette in front of it. That was the Lion Emperor’s mausoleum. Due to its size, one could see its blurry silhouette from far away.

Yue’er replied, "The Lion Emperor’s Tomb is over a hundred thousand meters tall. It is said that it was built with a lot of blood and sweat, all for the sake of passing on the Divine Lion Race’s powerful bloodline and cultivation technique. The strength of the Lion Emperor is comparable to that of the Divine Lord, or maybe even stronger than that of the Divine Nations! "

Chen Xiang was a little puzzled, "Since the Lion Emperor is so powerful? Why did he still die? And All-beast Divine Lord too! "

Yue’er looked at Huang Jintian, "Your master should know, that he is from Undead Divine Race, and specifically records all sorts of major events that happen under the heavens. It was said that it was also because of this that they received the treatment of never dying."

Huang Jintian curled his lips: "Our Undead Divine Race also has a lot of things ... However, the reason why the Lion Emperor and the All-beast Divine Lord died was mainly because the opponents they faced back then were the nine Divine Nations s.

"As long as it is a living being, it will die! Divine Lord’s level has already reached the peak of strength and can no longer break through. If you stay here longer, your lifespan will also run out. This is a result of the time that nature has given birth to, and it’s unavoidable! "

Chen Xiang laughed: "Master, what about you? Aren’t you Undead Race? It shouldn’t be dead! "

Huang Jintian sighed: "Right now, that’s not bad, but who knows what will happen to me in the future? Actually, I have lived all this time, and this has been a form of punishment for me! "

Luo Tianjun asked: "Old Senior Immortal, I heard from Old Yi that Nine Gods Nation has met with a crisis. Does that mean that Nine Gods Nation won’t send any strong guys to deal with us in the near future?"

The Nine Gods Nation was troubled by some things, but what was it? Why did they allow nine such powerful Divine Nations to face such a crisis?

Huang Jintian knew about many things, and everyone was looking at him, hoping to learn some important things from him.

Huang Jintian said: "This is related to what I said just now. The main reason is that the nine Divine Nations s can’t hold on any longer. But all these years, these Divine Lord have had a large number of children, and most of these children have very good Inherent Skills which allowed them to inherit the talent of those Divine Lord s. Furthermore, they received an extremely rich amount of resources and were guided by a master teacher the moment they were born.

Nine Gods Nation’s Divine Lord was about to run out of lifespan. This made Chen Xiang and the others extremely surprised, it was good news for them! Now they understood the danger of the Nine Gods Nation. The children of the Divine Lord must be forming gangs and fighting for the throne, if their strengths were similar, they would definitely not accept anyone, and in the end, it would only become a war, and the huge Divine Nations would also be split because of this.

Jiang Sheng frowned: "Is this a good thing or a bad thing for us?" F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Huang Jintian looked at the Lion Emperor Divine Mountain which was getting closer and closer, and said: "Right now, it is a good thing, at least after Nine Heaven World absorbs Super God Realm, we will have a period of steady development! The only thing that I am more worried about is that after the internal civil war, the Nine Gods Nation will definitely split into many small nations! "

Luo Tianjun laughed: "Isn’t that a good thing?"

"Not necessarily!" Huang Jintian said sincerely: "If a strong guy suddenly pops out and exterminated the scattered Nine Gods Nation, unifying everything, then Nine Heaven World would definitely be affected."

Qi Shi curled his lips and said: "Back then, when I unified the Nine Heaven World, an extremely terrifying thing happened to me as well. I hope that this Nine Gods Nation will not repeat itself!"

Huang Jintian nodded his head: "That is indeed the case, we can only consolidate our strength as soon as possible, in case we get affected later on!"

Yang Tianyi laughed: "The best is to go to the Star Law Divine Realm to hide. That place to accept anyone, is because the rules are strict.

Huang Jintian shook his head: "That won’t do, if Nine Gods Nation is united, then this guy who is unified will definitely have greater ambitions, and at that time, it might even be possible to deal with Star Law Divine Realm. Don’t forget, Nine Gods Nation’s strength also makes Star Law Divine Realm apprehensive! Of course, if the nine Divine Lord s die, their power would definitely drop by a huge amount. "

When Feng Yujie came out of the Serene Jade Ring, Yue’er immediately asked, "How is Bing Yan?"

"She’s asleep. Her recovery ability is quite amazing. There’s nothing wrong with her now!" Feng Yujie heard them talking outside.

"Senior, do you have a way for me to return to the Nine Heaven World now? I want to go back first. After all, so many things have happened and I never would have thought that there would be a change in Nine Gods Nation. " The reason why Feng Yujie came here was also to investigate the situation in the Nine Gods Nation. Now that she knew the situation in the Nine Gods Nation had turned out like this, she had to rush back and adjust her strategy.

Chen Xiang said, "Are you going back alone?"

"I want to bring BingYan back!" Feng Yujie sighed softly, "If she’s willing!"

Of course Shui Bingyan was willing, she was very reliant on others, especially Feng Yujie!

Luo Tianjun and Zhu Xiangyuan ran back from Supreme Divine Palace, and now, they were not going to return for a while. After discussing for a while, they decided to stay in the Lion Emperor’s Tomb for a while.

Huang Jintian said: "I can open up a path for you guys to head back, Chen Xiang, what about you?"

"I still need to stay here and look for the Four Symbols Divine Weapons! I have already found one, and only now do I know that the Four Symbols Divine Weapons will not be in a fixed location, and can run around by herself. " Chen Xiang’s reaction towards the Four Symbols Divine Weapons was always very chaotic, which was why he said that.

That Four Symbols Divine Weapons was refined by the Heavenly Divine Lord, of course he was powerful, he would not be surprised if he was able to run around randomly while breaking through space.

The White Tiger said, "Yu Jie, go back to the Nine Heaven World and ask the Azure Dragon and Black Turtle to come here. Let’s see if we can revive the All-beast Divine Lord!"

Feng Yujie nodded. Back then, the All-beast Divine Lord had also fought against the Nine Gods Nation and this was their ally.

Huang Jintian sighed, "Even if they resurrect, they won’t be able to live for long. Those Divine Lord from back then, all had similar lifespans!"

Both the White Tiger and the Vermillion Bird were somewhat sad. The Vermillion Bird asked, "Is there no way to continue living?"

"Of course there are, but the hopes are slim, so in Star Law Divine Realm, many old fellows who have lived to the end would not do anything terrifying when their lifespan was almost up. They would usually go look for the person who created this world, and no one would know where they would find them. The nine Divine Nations s would probably have embarked on this road as well, if not they would have killed the ones they disliked, or destroyed the Divine Nations s of the enemy with their lives. "

There was actually a way, but it sounded illusory, but it was also the only hope.