Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

These ten people came here very quickly, Yue Er had just told Chen Xiang about this matter and they already appeared!

The Hundred Legged Poison Dragon had already been burnt by Chen Xiang and was still burning!

"You’re the one who killed the poison dragon?" a burly man asked, his voice trembling with anger.

"I killed him, what happened?" Chen Xiang didn’t hide anything. Since the poison dragon had attacked him first, he had a reason to kill it.

Chen Xiang said that he killed him, and more than 10 swords immediately pierced over, as though there was an irreconcilable hatred between him and Chen Xiang, they hacked over frantically. Chen Xiang dodged and secretly took a deep breath, if he did not dodge just now, he would have been severely injured.

"This is our treasure, you actually killed it. Then, you can go and die as well!" The big man was furious. The big sword in his hand flashed and turned into hundreds of swords that swept over.

Chen Xiang laughed coldly: "Alright then, since the Poison Dragon is your treasure, you all can accompany him to hell!"

The Azure Dragon Divine Saber appeared in his hands, slashing horizontally and opening the two long swords that came piercing at him.

"It’s in his hands, hurry up and snatch it!" When the big sized man saw Chen Xiang release the Azure Dragon Divine Blade, his face was filled with surprise and joy, and his attacks became even fiercer.

Chen Xiang faced a dozen or so heaven defying experts, but he was extremely skilled. Now, he understood that these people should have long since known that the Poison Dragon’s body had such a divine blade, it was just that they were unable to retrieve it. Furthermore, they had used some secret method to keep an eye on the Poison Dragon’s movements.

As a result, the moment the poisonous dragon died, they immediately ran over.

"So you guys should also know the origins of this blade!" Chen Xiang suddenly flashed, leaving an illusion where he was standing, while the real person appeared behind a young man. The young man had two Divine Veins, which merged with the divine cow’s divine soul, his left arm was filled with energy, and he struck the young man’s waist.

Chen Xiang did not add Six Realms’ Power to his left arm, but instead directly used the power of his body. Even so, his power was still extremely terrifying, and adding that extremely quick punch, it produced wave after wave of sonic booms as it forcefully tore through space, causing black cracks to appear. When such a terrifying punch was punched out, all of the people present were instantly stunned.

When the fist was just an inch away from the young man’s back, the young man’s entire body was instantly ripped apart by the immense force. Chen Xiang’s fist seemed to be wrapped in some kind of terrifying god like power, it did not even touch the young man’s body, but directly penetrated through and tore his body apart.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM! A white flame burst out from his fist and the young man’s body turned into ashes in an instant!

Chen Xiang kept his Azure Dragon Divine Blade and sneered: "With your little strength, you are not worthy enough for me to use the Divine Blade."

"Who the hell are you? Do you know where we came from? " When the people across from him saw that Chen Xiang seemed to have an extremely deep understanding towards the Divine Blade and that he was also extremely strong, they calmed down as well. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"I don’t want to know where you came from. I know you wanted to kill me, but now, no matter what you say, I will kill you!" As Chen Xiang finished speaking, he threw a punch across the air, and that terrifying left fist combined with his spatial power, as if he had entered a spatial passageway. That fist came from afar and landed on an old man, and that old man’s torn body was instantly burnt to ashes by the white flames.

"Run!" The leading man could already roughly estimate Chen Xiang’s strength, it was not something they could handle, they were able to escape very quickly, but they found an extremely terrifying time, no matter what they were running, they were actually still running.

At this time, they were already inside Chen Xiang’s Space Domain. The fixed rules of this space were all set by Chen Xiang, so it was impossible for them to escape.

"Spatial Slash!" With a chop of Chen Xiang’s hand, the space of these ten odd people was sliced into many small pieces. All of their bodies were also turned into small pieces, and eventually burned into ashes.

However, there was a jade token that was not burned down. It belonged to the man!

Chen Xiang picked up the jade tablet, which had the words "Heavenly Fire Divine Country" written on it!

"These fellows are actually from the Heavenly Fire Divine Country, but why are they so weak?" said. Even though it was the first time he had heard of the Heavenly Fire Divine Country, it was obvious that he was one of them.

"They should be in charge of taking care of this poisonous dragon. As for taking care of it, it should be the work of the experts in the Divine Nations. They seem to already know that the Four Symbols Divine Weapons can revive the Heavenly Divine Lord!" Yue Er said.

Chen Xiang still lacked two Divine Weapons to gather all four, and at that time, he would be able to summon the Nine Heaven Devil Palace, then enter into the Ninefold Space, and with the Fifth Divine Weapon in his hands, he would be able to come out!

"Over here!" After Chen Xiang sensed the third Divine Weapon, he immediately teleported over.

... ....

An hour after Chen Xiang left the Evil Mud Pit, a huge meteorite fell there, leaving a huge pit behind. Floating above the pit was a man dressed in flaming red armor, his cape was burning with raging flames and was flying along with the wind, looking very cool.

"The Poison Dragon has been killed, the divine blade has been taken away, and those dozens of trash have also died! This Chen Xiang’s strength has actually risen so fast. If he found Four Symbols Divine Weapons, then Heavenly Divine Lord would very likely revive! " The man furrowed his brows and took out a jade medallion as if he was communicating through voice transmission.

After sending a sound transmission for a moment, he exclaimed, "They’re actually all dead! What was going on? They are all at a level beyond the realm of the True God, but to think that they would be killed in such a place! "

What surprised the man was the few experts who were sent to participate in the Heroes Gathering Divine City competition. Back then, they wanted to snatch the divine soul of the Swallowing Star God Cow, but they were killed by Chen Xiang and the others.

"I have to go to Supreme Divine Palace to ask!" The man disappeared in a flash.

... ....

At this time, Chen Xiang was not aware that an expert from the Divine Nations had appeared, but Yue’er felt something.

"Strange, something fell from the sky just now. Could it be that the Divine Nations’s guys have come?" Yue’er replied, "Those Divine Nations s are all on the stars in the sky. If they found out that the poisonous dragon was killed, they should be able to arrive in about an hour."

"The people who were killed last time were also all from Divine Nations, I don’t think those Divine Nations know about it yet!" Chen Xiang was a little worried. "I’m more worried that Supreme Divine Palace and his son might be implicated by us!"

Supreme Divine Palace and Six Realms Divine Palace have some of the power left behind by the Nine Divine Kings, and it will come into play at a critical moment. If something really does happen, I think Mu Chen and Xiao Changle, as Palace Masters, will have ways to avoid it. Yue’er replied, "Your top priority right now is to find the other two Divine Weapons."

Chen Xiang kept on walking in a certain direction based on his senses. He already did not know where he was, he only knew that he was getting closer and closer to the other Divine Weapon.