Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 205 - Great Storm

“It’s true! I’ve been here for two months now and have overheard Devil Yang Clan disciples talking with Proud Sword Sect disciples! Not only that, according to our Dean, there has been infighting among the Proud Sword Sect for a good number of years. One side had colluded with the Devil Yang Clan, which should be headed by the northern supervisor of the Proud Sword Sect. However, there was no evidence whatsoever, so my Dean could not act.” Leng Youlan replied.

Chen Xiang observed some of the stones in the illuminated cave and said, “Youlan, you’ve been staying here alone for two months, it must not have been easy!”

“That’s nothing compared to what I’ve face during cultivation, now that was far worse.” Leng Youlan replied as if it had nothing to do with her, then grinned, “Brother, I’m definitely more formidable than you now! I’m in the 4th level of the True Martial Realm moreover I have the Fire and Ice Divine Vein! However, in order to protect me, Dean declared I just have the Fire and Ice Heavenly Vein to the outside.”

Chen Xiang was stunned by this revelation, and even Su Meiyao along with Bai Youyou exclaimed again and again. Leng Youlan actually had the Fire and Ice Divine Vein! No wonder she managed to advance so quickly!

Chen Xiang took out a piece of the Earth Core Divine Fruit pulp and passed it over to Leng Youlan, who just ate it with no formalities.

“Youlan, nothing can be said to be absolute. Although I’m only in the 2nd level of the True Martial Realm, if I were to fight you... Hei hei.” Chen Xiang said with a laugh.

After eating the Earth Core Divine Fruit, Leng Youlan frowned before sweetly smiling, "Brother, this is good stuff!" She closed her eyes and took a slight breather before re-opening her eyes.

Chen Xiang was surprised for a moment, even if it was Elder Dan or Gu Dongchen those Nirvana Realm tycoons, they took a good several days to refine the Earth Core Divine Fruit pulp. However, Leng Youlan had finished refining it in practically an instant!

"Youlan, did you not refine it?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I’m refining it! It’s just my Fire and Ice True Qi is very special. It can self-refine, and then integrate that power into my body!" Leng Youlan once again poured Chen Xiang a glass of that fragrant wine.

"Brother, you say you’re better than me, how about a fight then?" Leng Youlan clenched her jade fists and asked with a look of excitement. Chen Xiang didn’t expect his own sworn sister to actually be so bellicose.

"No need to be so anxious, let me first deal with the things here first. Once I’m done, I’ll take you to Extreme Martial Sect to play!" Chen Xiang said with a smile. He had such a powerful sister here, Chen Xiang suddenly felt a lot more relaxed.

"En, even if the Dean came to stop me, I would still follow you to the Extreme Martial Sect!" Leng Youlan excitedly said.

"Is your Dean female?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Yes, however I’ve never seen her face before. She’s the same as your Extreme Martial Sect’s Elder Dan, wearing a mask all the time. When I went to the Extreme Martial Sect, it was Elder Dan who recommended me to the Dean. Afterwards, she took me straight to Icewind Valley. She is very good to me, and it seems that the relationship between her and the Divine Weapon Heavenly Empire’s Empress are pretty good good. Last time, it was exactly the Empress who sent the Building Foundation Dan. Brother, I didn’t expect your fiance to be Xue Xianxian." While speaking the last sentence, there was a sliver of jealousy in Len Youlan’s voice.

When Chen Xiang thought of Elder Dan, the Divine Weapon Heavenly Empire Empress, Liu Menger, the Icewind Valley Dean, and the Dean of Danxiang Taoyuan, these four female tycoons, Chen Xiang forcefully smiled. Among these four individuals, three were tycoons of powerful forces from three different regions, while Elder Dan can be regarded as one of the Tycoons of the Extreme Martial Sect. Not to mention, all four of them were females! Except for Liu Menger of the Divine Weapon Heavenly Empire, the other three were all very mysterious. What’s more, there seemed to be close relations between all of them.

"The vein mined by the Extreme Martial Sect is currently surrounded and under siege from the Devil Yang Clan’s disciples, but your Extreme Martial Sect’s members are not so easy to deal with. Currently, the mine still hasn’t been compromised. The Devil Yang Clan also do not dare to be too overbearing, they know their fates will not be good if they angered the Extreme Martial Sect! I’ve been dealing with the Devil Yang Clan, and would occasionally butcher a few." However, Leng Youlan had never expected she would encounter Chen Xiang here.

"Brother, if we want to settle this thing well, we need to have the strength of 6th level of the True Martial Realm at the very least! But only you, someone who’s only a 2nd level of the True Martial Realm martial artist was sent, what’s going on? Also you do not have any other companions!" Leng Youlan asked with a serious look.

Chen Xiang sneered and replied, "One guy wants to kill me, but..." He quickly informed Leng Youlan of the ongoing and recent matters, minus the engulfing part of course.

"Brother you are truly insidious!" Leng Youlan exclaimed, "You actually killed a 5th level True Martial Realm martial artist! He should be one of the commanders that I’ve seen before."

Chen Xiang very arrogantly said, "Lu Shang, that True 9th True Martial Realm martial artist, was also killed by me. What does a mere 5th level True Martial realm count for!"

"That does not count, you relied on the force of lighting! Moreover, it was very dangerous!" Leng Youlan said in a tender voice. At this time, those pair of beautiful eyes were full of battlelust, she could not wait to have a bout with her elder brother.

Chen Xiang just laughed off Leng Youlan’s will to fight, he touched Leng Youlan’s face and said, "I’m going to enter the mine and get rid of those guys, are you going to come with me?"

Leng Youlan stared at Chen Xiang and that handsome face of his, she could not help but extend her beautiful hand to touch it. She replied with a grin "If anyone said so, I’ll definitely call them a fool for going to seek death! But if elder brother is not afraid to die, how can I, your litter sister, chicken out!"

Chen Xiang smiled and asked, "You’re really not afraid?"

"Of course not, let’s go right now! I have always been thinking of roaming the world together with you! This is my heartfelt desire." Leng Youlan placed that big sword on her back, and left.

Leng Youlan spoke to leave, and then instantly left, truly decisive. Chen Xiang followed her out of the cave and into the forest, cautiously walking. At this time, Leng Youlan was very excited, it really was her heartfelt wish to be with Chen Xiang.

"Youlan, originally, I was planning to go to Icewind Valley to find you. You being here was totally out my expectations, I’m very happy! I always wanted to contact you, but couldn’t." Chen Xiang said in a low voice.

"I’ve been forced into closed door training by the Dean, she is very strict on me. If not for that, how could I be this powerful at such a young age! She wanted me to advance quickly so that I could cope with the oncoming storm, otherwise I could easily lose my life at that time!" Leng Youlan said.

A great storm! Chen Xiang suddenly thought of the great battle between the three Heavenly Realms! Remembering this, Chen Xiang’s entire body was drenched in cold sweat. The Extreme Martial Sect had just went through major changes, this could very likely in preparation for this great storm, Gu Dongchen and Wu Kaiming might also have known about this major upcoming event!

Every one hundred thousand years, the three Heavenly Realms would converge together and form a passage, signifying the start of the great battle!

"En, Youlan you have to cultivate even more seriously. That tremendous storm is extremely frightening, the Extreme Martial Sect has just started preparations for that very storm! I’ll give you some Building Foundation Dans." Chen Xiang said in a heavy tone.

"No need, Building Foundation Dans are not very useful to me. The reason for my fast cultivation are not Building Foundation Dans, but instead because of my divine veins and the place where I cultivate, as well the brutal techniques. Brother, you should leave them for yourself!" Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Leng Youlan felt very grateful for Chen Xiang’s help, and she has always been thinking about how to repay him. However, contrary to her wish, she simply had no idea how to, it could said that Chen Xiang didn’t lack anything, after all, he was a Level-4 Alchemist.

From XianXiaWorld