Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang did not know if he could summon the Nine Heaven Devil Palace here, even if he could, he did not plan to do so here. Since he was too close to the Nine Gods Nation, it would be safer to return to the Nine Heaven World.

He was worried that Huang Yantian would not send him back, so he specifically emphasized that Huang Jintian could do it.

"Of course not, it’s a piece of cake. Are you going back now? If you go back now, you might not be able to come to this place so easily in the future, unless you reach a certain cultivation level by yourself. " said as he and Chen Xiang floated in the air. At this time, he was already condensed with an extremely strong burst of spatial energy, as if he wanted to open a spatial door.

Chen Xiang nodded his head. When he returned this time, he did not plan on coming back because it would not be long before the Nine Heaven World could devour this place.

Huang Yantian used his own strength to open up a spatial tunnel. To Chen Xiang’s surprise, the moment he turned his head around, Huang Yantian had actually changed into the self-detonating Hao Ren.

"This guy’s name is Hao Ren. I will pretend to be him and go to Heavenly Fire Divine Country to take a look and get to know more. When Nine Divine Kings comes out in the future, the information I gathered will probably be useful to them." Huang Yantian laughed, this method of turning into someone else, of infiltrating the enemy was something Chen Xiang used frequently.

Chen Xiang had this kind of trick, which was also developed under Huang Jintian’s tutelage. This Huang Yantian was also full of schemes, this was indeed very similar to Huang Jintian.

Chen Xiang laughed: "Goodbye!"

"Let’s go!" Huang Yantian smiled and nodded, then jumped into the spatial tunnel. After the spatial tunnel closed, Huang Yantian flew up into the sky.

The Nine Gods Nation was hidden in the depths of the starry sky, and there were also many concealing formations around, causing them to be able to hide themselves well. Before this, Huang Yantian did not even know where these Divine Nations s were.

And this time, Huang Yantian met Hao Ren, obtained Hao Ren’s memories, and also found out how to get to the Heavenly Fire Divine Country as well as a large amount of information about the Heavenly Fire Divine Country.

... ....

After Chen Xiang entered the spatial passageway, he appeared in a sea.

"What is this place?" Chen Xiang looked around and felt the divine Spirit Qi. He discovered that it was actually similar to the Super God Realm, there was no difference, it made him feel like he was in the Super God Realm.

"This is the Nine Heaven World! The previous Gods Realm did not have such high quality energy, it had only been a short while, and it had already risen to this level! How exactly did the Nine Divine Kings manage to create that Nine Heaven World? " Yue Er was extremely surprised at this. She was more familiar with these things, but she didn’t know what method the Nine Divine Kings used to allow the Nine Heaven World to grow at such a high speed. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Chen Xiang took out the guide array disc, but it was of no use, because the world now was no longer the world it used to be!

"I can only wander around randomly!" He was surrounded by an endless sea. He chose a direction and quickly teleported away.

After teleporting a few times, he stopped and said in surprise, "The resistance is actually this great when I teleport here, it’s even stronger than when I teleported to the Super God Realm!"

In other words, the furthest distance he could teleport was not in the Super God Realm, meaning that this world was more stable than the Super God Realm. Before long, he would be able to devour even further, and swallow all of the higher realms in the surroundings!

Although the teleportation distance was reduced, Chen Xiang took half a day to reach the mainland!

There were a lot more people in the Nine Heaven World than the Super God Realm. Originally, the Nine Heaven World had many sects and powers, and then, the Gods Realm had many shrines.

When Chen Xiang arrived at the mainland, he very quickly saw someone. It was a small team, and looked like they were going to hunt Sea Beasts, all of them were big men. They usually drank wine and walked on the road while laughing.

Chen Xiang walked over, cupped his hands, and asked: "My friends, how do I get to the nearest city? I got into some trouble at sea and was washed over. "

"There’s a city called Lan Hai over there, there are a lot of Transmission array s." A large man pointed in a direction.

Chen Xiang cupped his hands in gratitude, then quickly ran over. Although the time he took to go to Super God Realm wasn’t long, it was different from the time he spent there. Maybe many years had already passed since he went there. Moreover, after experiencing so many things here, the villains of the Divine Prison came out. The annexation of the Nine Heaven World caused a great change to the structure of the world here!

From Jiang Sheng, Chen Xiang found out that the strongest people in the Nine Heaven World were the Nine Heaven School, which was organized by Yun Xiaodao and the others. When they joined the Nine Heaven World later on, they became old friends who had very good relations with Chen Xiang.

Furthermore, the power that Lv Qilian had secretly developed was formed of women, so they occupied one of the dragon veins. As for how it had developed, Jiang Sheng did not know, but it would not be too bad.

Chen Xiang arrived at Lan Hai City. The city walls were very new, and the buildings inside could easily tell that they had just been constructed not long ago. This city was still very young, but it was still so prosperous.

When Chen Xiang arrived at the Transmitting Square where the Transmission array was, he quickly saw the words "Nine Heaven City". Furthermore, a lot of people were going to go to the Nine Heaven City from here, and the five Transmission array s were already filled with people.

This world had begun using Shen Yuan stone s, and no one knew who had guided them. Many profound God s knew how to use Mysterious power to form Shen Yuan stone s!

Being able to use Shen Yuan stone meant that there had to be a long period of precipitation before a large amount of Shen Yuan stone could circulate. Chen Xiang felt that this place had at least been here for a few hundred years!

The Nine Heaven City must have controlled the hands of Yun Xiaodao and the others, and it was such a powerful city. To be able to stabilize the city meant that Yun Xiaodao and the others were already extremely powerful, so no one dared to provoke them!

Chen Xiang queued for less than an hour before it was finally his turn to enter the Transmission array. Every Transmission array could only teleport three hundred people at a time, and required a thousand Shen Yuan stone.

Very quickly, Chen Xiang was teleported to the Nine Heaven City, which was already a very large place. As Chen Xiang walked out of the Transmission array, he looked at the vast Transmitting Square that was so large that he could not even see his head, and was unable to help himself from becoming fearful. At this moment, a group of people came out from the many Transmission array s, and many left as well!

A Transmitting Square of this scale, was just like an extremely powerful empire. It seemed as if it would become a very powerful Divine Nations!