Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The Nine Heaven Devil Palace that Chen Xiang had summoned was very different from the last time, it was much more powerful. Hearing Yue’er’s words, he could guess that the array formation inside the Nine Heaven Devil Palace had already been altered.

"The Ghost Demon Sect is about to be activated!" Just as she finished speaking, a large group of skeletons crawled out from the ground and stood at the sides of the gate. Chen Xiang and Jiu Hanrou couldn’t help but walk over.

"What do we do now?" Chen Xiang’s body could not help but start to move. He was currently unable to control his body, and his two feet quickly walked towards the center of the group of skeletons, towards the great entrance of the Nine Heaven Devil Palace.

Yue’er wasn’t affected at all, and it was obvious that she had a way to deal with this situation. She said, "Don’t worry about this one, we’ll have to go in sooner or later anyway, you’re safe now. Let’s go in and see what kind of array there is.

Chen Xiang and Jiu Hanrou quickly entered the Nine Heaven Devil Palace. After entering, the interior was a deep red color, and after a closer look, it was actually a sea of blood. In the middle of the sea of blood was a road paved with snow-white skulls, just enough for three people to walk side by side.

"It’s very different from last time!" Chen Xiang took a deep breath. He saw that bubbles would occasionally appear in the blood sea, as if there was some kind of monster down there.

"This is the Heavenly Demon Blood Demon Array, the blood isn’t flowed out by living beings, it is formed by an array formation. This array formation has to be careful not to fall into the blood, the blood is extremely hot and contains an extremely evil force. Yue’er said, "There’s something wrong with this road. It’s best not to walk on it!"

Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors. He controlled the Six Realms mirrors to grow bigger, and then he made the mirror face downwards. When he and Jiu Hanrou reached the top, he controlled the Six Realms mirrors to fly.

The light shining from the Six Realms mirrors’s mirror had an extremely strong purification power. After slowly flying over the white skull, the areas that it touched immediately turned red, and were filled with blood-colored skulls that had already been beaten back to their original forms.

"If we go that way, it will be dangerous." Chen Xiang looked at those blood-colored skulls, and was secretly shocked in his heart.

Jiu Hanrou nodded his head, "Luckily we have Yue’er. Otherwise, it would have been much harder for us to enter this time!"

Now, she understood why Shui Bingyan liked Yue’er so much. Yue’er was already very cute to begin with, and adding that she was so powerful, even she wanted to pick her up right now.

Chen Xiang controlled the Six Realms mirrors to quickly fly past the sea of blood. When they reached the other side, Jiu Hanrou pointed in a direction and said: "The Heavenly Divine Palace is over there!"

Riding a Six Realms mirrors would be much safer, as long as Chen Xiang could familiarize himself with the killing array and control it, he would be able to rely on the Six Realms mirrors to make a strong attack. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Chen Xiang controlled the Six Realms mirrors and entered the forest. Originally, he planned to fly over the forest, but when he flew to the top of the forest, he saw red lightning, so he could only enter the black forest.

"Yue Er, is this a formation?" Jiu Hanrou asked: "The inside has already become completely unrecognizable, even I can only distinguish the direction through the senses."

Littlemoon nodded and said, "It is also a formation, but this is a derived form of formation! It should be because it absorbed the sea of blood’s energy that it was able to produce such a tree that can emit red clouds. "

Chen Xiang opened up the Dao heart Eye that he had previously cultivated and indeed, he saw red flowing tubes within the black trees. The blood-red light that permeated this place was the result of the mist released by the trees, which accumulated into thick clouds in the air and produced bursts of lightning upon colliding with them.

"This formation doesn’t have any offensive capabilities at the moment. It is only growing!" It seems like we don’t need to worry about these small arrays. These arrays do not have enough time to grow! Of course, when I grow up, these small formations are the most terrifying for me, because I don’t know anything about them! " Yue Er said.

Chen Xiang increased his speed and flipped the Six Realms mirrors over. They stood on top of the mirror and released a pale white brilliance, making them feel very safe.

Passing through the black forest, Chen Xiang and the others saw a dwarf mountain. Chen Xiang remembered this hill was a tomb, and it was said that many of Heavenly Divine Lord’s powerful subordinates were buried here!

"Yunhui!" Jiu Hanrou shouted anxiously. She saw that a hole had been opened in the short mountain, and was extremely worried.

Back then, when Chen Xiang and Jiu Hanrou came here, they met a female tomb keeper named Chu Yunhui, so they had a very good relationship with him! Right now, there was such a huge change in the tomb that she was guarding. Jiu Hanrou couldn’t help but be worried.

She shouted a few times, but there was no response!

"Be careful!" Yue Er anxiously shouted.

Chen Xiang also sensed that something dangerous was approaching, and immediately urged his Six Realms mirrors to dodge. A long spear shot out, and struck a small hill in the distance, which was instantly engulfed in flames and disappeared in the blink of an eye, only leaving behind a blaze where it was burning.

Yue’er said, "This guy is very powerful. We can’t deal with him!"

Chen Xiang originally wanted to spar with Yue’er, but after hearing Yue’er’s words, he immediately urged the Six Realms mirrors to dodge, and with Jiu Hanrou also carrying him, the quickly flying Six Realms mirrors became a little unstable.

Passing through the cemetery, Chen Xiang quickly saw the broken Heavenly Divine Palace. The entrance to the Ninefold Space was in a garden at the back of Heavenly Divine Palace.

"There’s an illusory magic array here!" Yue Er said.

This illusion formation required the Spirit grain within the Chaos Fire Token to activate. Chen Xiang had solved it last time and it was now very easy for him to undo it. Once he entered the array, the thing that was chasing them would lose its target!

"This guy is actually still here!" Jiu Hanrou was shocked: "It’s that noble from the royal family who chased after us last time, this bastard still hasn’t left!"

Breaking through the illusion formation, Chen Xiang and Jiu Hanrou were in a patch of grassland, and there was a green mountain, just like last time!

"I wonder where Yun Hui went. If anything happened to her, I definitely wouldn’t let that bastard out there get away with it." Jiu Hanrou remembered that Chu Yunhui’s whereabouts were unknown, and said coldly.