Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang and Jiu Hanrou quickly walked into Qingshan’s cave. There was a stone platform here, and as long as they use Chaos Fire Token s, they would be able to open it and contact the Nine Divine Kings that was trapped inside the mountain.

After opening the stone platform, the image of the Great Divine Lord appeared again, though it was very blurry.

"Great Divine Lord, I have found the Four Symbols Divine Weapons, what do I do now?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously, because at that moment, trembling came from the outside, it was obvious that someone was attacking the array, as though it was about to be broken through.

"It looks like you’ve met with danger. Didn’t I get an array disc here last time? I can teleport out of here, or I can teleport in. You didn’t use it?" The Great Divine Lord asked curiously.

"It’s useless. That array disc has already lost its effect, maybe it’s because the Nine Heaven Devil Palace’s array is stronger." Jiu Hanrou said. He gave her the array disc: Great Divine Lord, we are currently under attack here, I am worried that we won’t be able to hold on much longer.

"Chen Xiang, back then you had fused with all the Chaos Fire Token, there should have been some Spirit grain inside. There were a total of nine groups! Then, according to the sequence, you can use your divine power to inscribe all of the Spirit grain. You can open a door that leads to a dimension, and enter that door to reach a dimension. " When Great Divine Lord was speaking, Chen Xiang had already started drawing.

RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!

A series of loud noises came from outside the cave. The huge green mountain was shaking!

"There’s more than one person outside. It seems like Divine Nations and the rest are waiting in ambush here!" Yue Er said, "We have to finish it before they enter!"

Chen Xiang was already working hard to inscribe the Spirit grain, and the explosions kept on happening, the shaking of the ground became even more violent, and many stones were falling out from the cave.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM! An extremely loud sound came out, shaking Chen Xiang’s heart to the point that it felt uncomfortable.

"They’re coming in!" Yue’er shouted in alarm, and the influence of the Great Divine Lord s were already extremely vague.

"Alright!" At this critical moment, after Chen Xiang finished carving the Spirit grain, a spatial gate appeared in front of him. He pulled Jiu Hanrou and quickly walked in.

The moment they entered the dimensional door, the green mountain was hit by a blue light, turning into dust in an instant!

"What about them? Is he dead? When I came in, I could feel that they were in that mountain! " An old man wearing a golden robe said.

"He should be dead by now, but for safety’s sake, let’s just destroy this place!" A man said. At this time, the people behind him also began to attack the green grassland.

Chen Xiang and Jiu Hanrou had already entered the first dimension. This first dimension was extremely small, only having a single courtyard.

"A very stable space, even if you try to attack it with force, it’s hard to destroy!" This was created by the Heavenly Divine Lord, right? He is indeed an extraordinary person, the legend of him forging Divine Weapons is spread throughout our Star Law Divine Realm, and the array formation is often on the lips of my grandfather. " Yue Er said.

Yue’er’s grandfather was one of the founders of that Heavenly Demon and Earth Terminus Formation and was thus very familiar with the Dao of array formations.

Jiu Hanrou nodded his head, "This Ninefold Space is unable to even break out of the Nine Divine Kings, you can only imagine how strong he is!"

Chen Xiang then started to inscribe the second group of Spirit grain. This was the Spirit grain that had entered the next dimension, and it was not complicated at all. It was just like the previous time, he was not in a rush right now, so he could slowly inscribe it.

The construction of the Ninefold Space was very mysterious. If there was no key, then there was no way to enter the deepest layer, and even if one destroyed the first layer of space, the first layer would still be fine. However, it would be even more difficult to exit from it.

Only the Heavenly Divine Lord herself knew how complex it was, especially when it was being set up. Yue’er had a headache just thinking about it, because it was extremely complicated and would take a long time to arrange.

"Even if a few Divine Lord s were to come, I am afraid they would be unable to destroy Ninefold Space!" The Spirit grain he obtained with him had only entered the next dimension and had not come out yet. At this moment, he was also a little nervous, if he did not come out at all, he would be trapped like the Nine Divine Kings, and would be stuck inside for who knows how many years.

Chen Xiang spent half a day before finally arriving at the eighth realm. From the first realm to the eighth realm, they were all of the same size, but he wondered how the first Ninefold Space was doing.

Chen Xiang rested for a moment, then continued drawing the Spirit grain. The Spirit grain that were in the Ninefold Space were much more complicated, and the ones in front were much easier.

Just as he was about to enter the Ninefold Space, the Spirit grain that Chen Xiang had carved for six whole hours finally opened a spatial door!

"It’s finally the end!" Chen Xiang let out a long sigh, as though a heavy burden had been lifted, and then, he entered the spatial gate with Jiu Hanrou.

When they arrived at the first Ninefold Space, both Chen Xiang and Jiu Hanrou were surprised. Inside, there was actually a small mountain village.

The small mountain village wasn’t very big, and it was surrounded by white spatial barriers. However, the village was very beautiful. There were mountains and rivers, blue skies and white clouds, and the warm sunlight shone on the children’s adorable little faces, making their smiles even more brilliant.

"Little Nona!" Chu Yunhui saw Jiu Hanrou from afar, and in a flash, he arrived in front of Jiu Hanrou, hugging him tightly.

He was dressed in coarse hemp clothes, and had a gentle smile on his face. At the beginning, he only saw him walking over from afar, but after taking a few steps, he arrived in front of Chen Xiang.

"That’s right, the Four Symbols Divine Weapons is already on you, I think we can start now!" Great Divine Lord patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder, and laughed heartily: "You are even more outstanding than I imagined!"

Jiu Hanrou looked at Great Divine Lord, and also threw herself into his embrace, sobbing softly. Great Divine Lord was just like her father.

"Little girl, you shouldn’t be as silly as you were before!" The Great Divine Lord gently patted Jiu Hanrou’s back and said with a smile.

"Elder sister still has important matters to attend to, so she didn’t come." Jiu Hanrou wiped away his tears and smiled to Great Divine Lord: "Where are the other Divine Kings?"

Speaking of the other Divine Kings, Chu Yunhui at the side had a sorrowful look on his face, while Great Divine Lord was also forcing a laugh, one look was enough to tell that something bad had happened.

"They’re all gone!" Great Divine Lord put a hand on Jiu Hanrou’s shoulder. He tried his best to remain calm and collected, but his voice still carried a trace of pain. This was his brother, who had lived with him in this world for a long time, yet had already disappeared.

After Jiu Hanrou heard this, she almost lost her balance. Chen Xiang anxiously went over to support her, and this was a huge blow to her, the other Divine Kings were like family to her. She thought back to the times when she was young and how these Divine Kings had imparted her knowledge. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Now they’re all gone!

"Can it be resurrected?" Jiu Hanrou’s tears could not help but roll down her face.

Great Divine Lord shook his head: "Younger Nine Girl, no need to be sad. Before they left, let me pass on to you and Elder Nine girl that you have more or less inherited their legacy, they will be with you!"