Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

At this time, the entire desert was shaking violently with the Nine Heaven Devil Palace, and black Qi was constantly flowing out from the Demon Palace. The roaring Double-Headed Demon Dragon started to gradually break down, and waves of black Qi appeared on its body. Following the continuously overflowing of the black Qi, the Two-Headed Demon Dragon’s figure also became fainter and fainter.

The Demon Palace began to collapse, emitting "Rumble" sounds. Black and blood-red mist overflowed into the sky, inciting streaks of blood-red lightning.

The Demonic Palace, which was slowly collapsing, suddenly shot out beams of light. It was obvious that they were the Divine Nations Warriors hiding inside the Demonic Palace.

"Attack!" Great Divine Lord roared loudly, causing the group of grey robed people behind him to disappear.

Chen Xiang was slightly shocked, he saw that hundreds of gray figures had appeared in the sky above the Demon Palace, and all the Divine Nations Rankers that had just came out were instantly turned into ashes by these hundreds of gray robed men.

"Also, what’s next is the stronger one!" Great Divine Lord shouted.

Sure enough, a golden light flashed in the Demon Palace. A golden-robed man appeared, and with a sweep of the longsword in his hand, he unleashed a wave of sword qi formed from countless golden sword shadows. This sword qi was like an angry beast, baring its fangs and brandishing its claws as it charged out from the ground, repelling those reminiscents who wanted to surround them.

"Ninth Prince!" The golden robed man was shocked. He never thought that the Great Divine Lord would actually come out and hide so much power.

Great Divine Lord shouted from afar and a huge five-clawed dragon appeared in a flash in the air. With its mouth wide open, it transformed into a bolt of lightning and rushed towards the golden-robed man.

A deafening dragon roar rang out, and the five-clawed golden dragon instantly dispersed after colliding with the golden-robed man. The golden-robed man was also sent flying, blood trickling from the corner of his mouth.

"Humph!" The golden robed man suddenly released a huge golden bell, enveloping him and blocking the following countless violent golden lightning bolts.

This was an attack from a distance launched by the Great Divine Lord, but it was so terrifying that even the sky changed color!

Not long after the golden lightning attacked, the large golden bell exploded with a flash and disappeared. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"He escaped. That bell is a teleportation tool. It can protect his escape." Great Divine Lord snorted: "Count him lucky this time!"

At this time, many experts from the Divine Nations flew out from the Demon Palace, but were all killed by the gray-robed men. Only the golden-robed man could escape.

Nine Heaven Devil Palace had already completely collapsed. With a wave of his hand, hundreds of streaks of blazing lightning struck down, incinerating the Nine Heaven Devil Palace that had turned into ashes.

Looking at the raging flames in front of him, Jiu Hanrou recalled her childhood.

"Will they send the Great National Master?" Chen Xiang asked worriedly.

"No, one of them died before, they are afraid!" And they have a lot of problems on their hands right now. " The Great Divine Lord said, "Now we must quickly finish the construction of the Heavenly Divine Palace!"

"Do you need help?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No need, you guys must prepare well. If the transfer of the Nine Gods Nation’s throne is complete, then we will be very busy." The Great Divine Lord said, "We will be building the shrine very quickly. We have all the materials and the formations are also already prepared by using array discs."

Yue’er said, "But you also need some energy to maintain the operation of the formation! The formations of your Heavenly Divine Palace should consume a lot of energy. "

"Don’t worry about that, we have a dragon vein. As long as we place the dragon vein in the ground and connect it with the core well, we will be able to obtain endless energy." Great Divine Lord smiled, "Go and busy yourselves! Thank you very much. "

Great Divine Lord patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder: "In the future, we can fight together!"

Chen Xiang nodded. Great Divine Lord looked at Jiu Hanrou and said, "After all these years, you and Big Sis should have some matters to attend to, right? You guys have your own groups, friends, and your own lives! "

Jiu Hanrou wanted to stay and help, but Great Divine Lord had already made it clear.

The current Great Divine Lord was still very strong, and had a group of strong subordinates as well. This made Chen Xiang and Jiu Hanrou feel at ease, at least the current Nine Heaven World still had a very strong power, so they did not need to worry about suffering a blow after swallowing the Super God Realm.

After Chen Xiang and Jiu Hanrou bid their farewell to the Great Divine Lord, they headed towards a nearby city. They used this city to teleport to the Nine Heaven City, and then returned from the Nine Heaven City to the place where Lv Qilian and the others were hiding.

"How is it? Nine Divine Kings and the rest have come out? " Lv Qilian sensed movement from the Transmission array and in a blink of an eye, he was already here.

"It’s a long story!" Jiu Hanrou was still a little hurt.

Chen Xiang said: "Qilian, is Qinlian here? I have something to talk to her about! "

When they were in Super God Realm, Chen Xiang had promised that he would help that group of little elves find a safe place to stay. Right now, this was the best choice, and Lv Qinlian had previously gotten a little elf there, so he wanted to talk to her about this matter.

"Yes, we’ll be able to see her garden after we climb the mountain. She and Ziqian have planted quite a few poisonous flowers and poisonous plants there." Lv Qilian pointed over there, and then asked: "Why are you looking for her?"

Lv Qinlian was Lv Qilian’s younger sister. Although she knew that Lv Qinlian had that kind of feelings towards him, she still felt a little unhappy. She felt that Chen Xiang was going to bully Lv Qinlian.

"I have a group of little elves in my ring. I remember that she also had one there, so I wanted to talk to her and ask her where the little elves’ clan should be settled." Chen Xiang said, and then, he summoned out a very small, very cute little female elf from within the Netherworld Udumbara Ring.

After seeing it, Lv Qilian and Jiu Hanrou were also very surprised, because they found out about Lv Qinlian’s Little Goblin, but they did not know that the Little Goblin had changed her name to Little Fairy.

"Then go. That little demoness knows this place very well. She will tell you where is more suitable for this group of little fellows." Lv Qilian said.

Chen Xiang headed towards the mountain while Lv Qilian and Jiu Hanrou went to look for Feng Yujie.

Not long after, Chen Xiang went over the mountain. When he came down, he saw a beautiful girl in a green skirt jumping around in the sea of flowers.

The sea of flowers below had all sorts of flowers. They were bright and beautiful, but they were all extremely powerful poisonous flowers! Of course, the most beautiful one was still Lv Qinlian’s beauty flower. Furthermore, it was extremely poisonous, and was able to release a bizarre body fragrance. It was extremely poisonous, and Chen Xiang had almost been poisoned to death by it.

"Sister Qinlian!" Chen Xiang shouted while grinning from the distance. When Lv Qinlian saw this, she was stunned for a moment before flying over quickly. She was pleasantly surprised to see Chen Xiang.

"Little Scoundrel, you’re finally back!" Lv Qinlian’s delicate and pretty face carried a happy smile, while the little demon girl Xiao Yao, who was taken in by her, also flew over.

"Bad guy, although we haven’t seen each other for many years, you still look so bad." Xiao Yao shouted with her tender voice, then she grimaced at Chen Xiang.

"Little thing, you still remember me after so many years!" It seems like I’m too bad, and have left such a deep impression on you! " Chen Xiang laughed sinisterly, and let Xiao Yao hide in his hair.

Xiao Yao shouted: "This scoundrel is going to break!"