Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

The formation plate brought Chen Xiang and his sister and teleported them to a dark forest. After Wang Jinshi put away the formation plate, he asked: "Junior brother, how much Divine Deity have you condensed?"

"Almost three!" Chen Xiang suddenly felt that he needed to go into closed door cultivation for a period of time to condense more Divine Deity, his time in Super God Realm was different from here, the time was rather slow here, and now that he had returned, the people here all had very high cultivations, adding on to that the heaven opposing dragon meridians were used for cultivation, the speed of their growth would be even more terrifying.

Wang Jinshi was just a little surprised, but she had heard from Feng Yujie that the time in Super God Realm was different from the time in here.

"Where are the two wild girls?" Chen Xiang asked. Mu Qianxiang and Leng Youlan were both his recognized sister, and they were both very aggressive and wild, Chen Xiang had not seen them for a long time, when he was at the Gods Realm, they went out together to adventure, causing him to be worried for a while.

After Chen Xiang finished asking, he suddenly felt two different auras, and when he reacted, Mu Qianxiang and Leng Youlan had already pounced over and hugged him.

"Brother!" The two girls shouted sweetly.

Leng Youlan and Mu Qianxiang were both wearing black tights, they were originally wearing masks, but now they have taken them off, Chen Xiang looked at their beautiful faces and laughed: "You two damn girls, you have become so beautiful, I almost can’t recognize you."

Although Leng Youlan and Mu Qianxiang were both beauties, they were both beauties who would not care if they were buried alive. On numerous missions outside, Wang Jinshi had personally witnessed their brutality, and now that they were by Chen Xiang’s side, they were as obedient as innocent and harmless lambs.

Chen Xiang pinched their faces and laughed: "Back then, when I heard that the two of you went crazy together, I was extremely worried. Now that I see that both of you are fine, I can finally relax."

Mu Qianxiang took out a large piece of meat and handed it over to Chen Xiang with difficulty: "Brother, we were roasting it just now, it was just done."

Chen Xiang laughed and scolded: "Xiao Xiang, you’re still the same. You’re so delicious."

Chen Xiang ate it up after taking a few bites, and praised the delicious grilled meat, then they brought Chen Xiang and to the place where they started a barbecue. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

It seemed that Wang Jinshi had often carried out missions with them, and was already used to Mu Qianxiang being a big foodie. Moreover, Leng Youlan and Mu Qianxiang had gotten along with each other for a long time, and had also learned how to eat.

"How are you doing? Are you sure that place is the lair of the Gates of Hell? " After Wang Jinshi ate a few pieces of meat, she started to talk about proper business. Chen Xiang remembered that she had been in a hurry before.

Leng Youlan nodded: "No, but it’s related to the Gates of Hell. The fellow from the Underworld Gate whom we were following earlier entered that place, and he has yet to come out."

Chen Xiang frowned: "You guys are in such a big commotion here, aren’t you afraid of alarming them? And perhaps they have some kind of divine soul monitoring method? "

"No, look at what’s under the fire." Mu Qianxiang laughed.

Leng Youlan blew some of the ashes off the fire, and it turned out to be an array disc. Although it was not very big, Chen Xiang could tell from the Spirit grain above that this array disc was very powerful, but he did not know what its effects were.

"We are inside a barrier created by an array disc. This is equivalent to a small space and has been isolated from the outside world!" Leng Youlan said: "I also want to refine a part of this!"

"Not bad, it’s very rare for you to be able to calm your heart and forge artifacts with Meng’er." Chen Xiang praised.

"She hasn’t been in for a long time." Mu Qianxiang laughed: "She can’t keep up with the pace of Xianxian and the others anymore."

Leng Youlan was a little unlucky, and replied: "It’s just that I’m not very interested, which is why I’m gradually getting unfamiliar with them. If I wanted to, I just needed to focus on pondering for a while, then I would be able to keep up with Elder Sister Meng’er and the others."

"Alright, I’ll first sneak into the place you’re talking about and take a look!" Chen Xiang said.

"We want to go as well. We can enter your ring." Leng Youlan said, she had also entered before.

Mu Qianxiang and Wang Jinshi both nodded their heads, they were also worried for Chen Xiang, after all, having more people as strength.

After Chen Xiang let them enter the ring, he put away the formation plate and started to hide, heading in the direction they had pointed out.

"What is this place?" Chen Xiang was not familiar with the Nine Heaven World at all.

"A forest filled with dense Evil Qi, this place is very close to the Devil-killing Divine City." Wang Jinshi said: "The Devil-killing Divine City has been rebuilt, but because we were led by the Hell Devil Emperor to lead a large number of powerful demons to this place, this forest became like this."

Chen Xiang turned into a black butterfly. There were many of these butterflies here, so they wouldn’t be discovered easily. He arrived outside the cave which Leng Youlan and the others discovered.

"There is a relatively profound barrier protecting it, and this stone door is also not easy to open." Chen Xiang flew around outside of the cave a few times. Although this mountain was not very tall, Chen Xiang could feel that there was a very terrifying amount of evil energy inside.

Chen Xiang unleashed his Dao heart Eye. All he saw was that the place in front of him was a light gray colored mountain, and the only difference was that the mountain was pitch-black in color.

"There is a large amount of evil energy inside this mountain, and it has been absorbed for a long time. I wonder what this evil energy is used for?" Chen Xiang asked Wang Jinshi who was inside the ring, "Senior Sister, did a lot of strong evil spirits die in this place before?"

"Yes, after you went to Supreme Divine Palace, it was broken. There were more than a dozen strong Evil Demons who wanted to take revenge on you, so a big battle happened." Wang Jinshi said: "Now that Devil-killing Heavenly God has gone to Nine Heaven School, it is eldest senior brother who will take over."

"Junior brother, what do you think they’re doing this for?"

Chen Xiang thought for a while, then said: "They are setting up the array! Furthermore, there is more than one of them, the rest must be hiding at places far away from the Devil-killing Divine City, seems like they have been planning on setting up this array for a long time. "

Devil-killing Divine Palace was the number one threat to Hell Devil Emperor because that place restrained demons like them. If Devil-killing Divine Palace was not destroyed, they would only need to face Devil-killing Divine Palace in the future and they would suffer a lot of losses.

Leng Youlan and the others could not see what Chen Xiang was seeing, they could only feel that there was a dense amount of Evil Qi in the place, and did not see clearly how terrifying the place where the Evil Qi was gathering was.

Chen Xiang said: "If there’s someone inside, I might be able to find out their real plan after entering."

Leng Youlan said: "The barrier is more powerful, even if we try to attack it would be difficult to break through, and it would be discovered by them! Brother, can you handle it yourself? "

"Of course there’s no problem. Don’t look down on me, even though my current Divine Deity might not be as large as yours." Chen Xiang chuckled, and immediately unleashed the power of the spatial laws, crossing over the barrier easily.

He easily entered the cave and turned into a wisp of black smoke, carefully floating above the cave to avoid being discovered.

This cave was quickly reached its end and there were no other entrances. Chen Xiang carefully observed his surroundings and discovered a square formation plate on the ground.

"Could it be underground?" Chen Xiang immediately activated the Dao heart Eye, looked down, and indeed, he saw a large amount of Evil Qi rushing down through the array disc.

This formation plate was not used to transfer people in, but was placed here to speed up the absorption of demonic energy.

"Are you sure someone has entered this place?" Chen Xiang said: "I only saw a formation plate that absorbs all the Evil Qi, and there’s nothing more."

"We saw it with our own eyes." Mu Qianxiang said with certainty.

Chen Xiang felt that there was only one possibility, and that was for those people to turn into mist and be absorbed by the array disc into the place where the mysterious Evil Spirit Qi was gathered.

He was also in the form of a mist now, which allowed him to relax and enter the formation plate.

Not long after, he arrived at a dark place. At this moment, he was still in the form of a black mist floating in the air. When he saw the scene before him, he couldn’t help but be shocked.

This was a huge underground stone room. In the middle of the room was a structure that looked like an altar, and on top of the altar was something that emitted a faint white light. This thing looked like a giant cocoon, and it seemed to be breathing.

Chen Xiang used the Dao heart Eye to take a look. Something that absorbed a large amount of Evil Qi, was precisely this cocoon like thing. It was extremely terrifying, and the inside of it seemed to be nurturing a strong Evil Demon.

Near the altar, there were many people dressed in black, their heads wrapped in black cloth. They didn’t even have their eyes exposed, and were currently pouring a jar of blood into the ditches below the altar. There were a few ditches beneath the altar, all leading to the center of the altar.

The cocoon was absorbing the blood!

Chen Xiang had passed everything he had seen to Leng Youlan and the other two girls, they didn’t know what he was doing.

"So what are you going to do now? There are fifteen demons here, and they are not weak, can you deal with them all? Why don’t we come out and get rid of them together? " Leng Youlan said.

"Not now!" According to my observations, there are more than fifteen of them, so this place should be extremely important to them. Whether it’s the formation or the altar, they both took a lot of effort and precious materials to build it. "

Chen Xiang used the Dao heart Eye to carefully look at the walls of the stone room. He discovered many doors, and inside these doors, there was a ball of black mist.

"There are indeed people. They are all hiding in the stone rooms on the walls." Chen Xiang said: "I guess they should be changing shifts!"

Right now, Leng Youlan and the others could only wait for Chen Xiang to discover more of them!

Just as Chen Xiang was waiting for them to change shifts, a red light suddenly appeared beside the huge cocoon on the altar. The other black-clothed people immediately went over and kowtowed.