Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The person who suddenly came was dressed in a red robe and was wrapped up in a red mist. When the red mist gradually dispersed, the person who appeared was a middle-aged man.

"Isn’t this guy Fire Divine Palace’s Fire God?" Chen Xiang recognized it. At that time, the Fire God was with the Hell Devil Emperor, and also the God of Fortune and the others.

Chen Xiang told Leng Youlan and the others about this matter.

"These fellows have been colluding with the Hell Devil Emperor for a long time now. It’s just that we haven’t heard any news about them." Wang Jinshi said: "The God of Fortune should be working with the Hell Devil Emperor and the rest, maybe even cultivating the Demonic Qi, this way of increasing is very fast, the Hell Devil Emperor has already cooked up a very mature method of cultivation."

"It will be completed in twenty days." The Fire God’s voice became somewhat agitated, "You will definitely become Devil-killing Divine City’s nightmare at that time."

After hearing this, Chen Xiang was sure that they were targeting the Devil-killing Divine City.

After caressing the cocoon, the Fire God turned into a red light. The other men in black continued working on their task. No one knew where they had gotten the blood from, but it had actually been poured for a long time.

"We have to destroy their plan. I wonder how many people they killed for this plan." Chen Xiang looked at the endless flow of blood into the altar, and his heart was filled with rage.

Four hours passed, and the stone door on the wall suddenly opened. More than ten black clothed people walked out. They were the ones who took over the job, while the black clothed men went into the stone rooms to rest.

The moment the stone door opened, Chen Xiang immediately turned into black smoke and floated into one of them. He did not go in before because the people inside had almost recovered, so dealing with them would not be too difficult. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

At this time, the fifteen black clothed people were already very tired. Not only did they have to pour their blood in, they also needed to use their own demonic energy to help the cocoon absorb and refine it.

When Chen Xiang entered the stone room, he patiently waited. The door was already closed, and he would have to wait for the black-clothed person in the stone room to start resting before he could make a move.

Not long after, the black clothed man fell into a deep sleep, absorbing the Evil Energy absorbed by the outside to recover. Chen Xiang made his move right now, and directly used the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell, conducting a mental attack, and after breaking the other party’s Divine Sense Sea’s defense, his power directly entered the other party’s soul to steal the memories.

When his memory worked, he immediately put the black-clothed man into the Six Realms mirrors, and then activated the killing array inside the Six Realms mirrors to kill the black-clothed man.

"Outside the Devil-killing Divine City, there are actually ten of these things." Chen Xiang was shocked: "These things were created using a secret method left behind by an ancient evil demon. They are extremely scary demonic insects that can release the demonic poison."

"Besides the evil poison, how strong is he?" Wang Jinshi asked.

"It should be very strong, because I don’t know where Hell Devil Emperor got the bug eggs from, but they are said to be very ancient, maybe Yue’er knows about it." Chen Xiang did not ask Yue’er to follow him. Because he had Yue’er with him, it would be difficult for him to turn into her.

"Is there any way to deal with it?" Wang Jinshi was very concerned because this posed a threat to the Devil-killing Divine City.

"Yes." Chen Xiang took out a grain of sand and said, "I just need to put this thing into the cocoon and detonate it at a certain time."

This was a small pill refined by Chen Xiang, it could produce explosions. This was a stone that he had refined with a type of extremely strong explosive power, and was also the stone of the mountain where Long Xueyi’s remnant soul was hidden.

After Chen Xiang left the stone room and floated outside, he used his spatial energy to place the small pill into the cocoon. It was not very deep, but it was very shallow outside and would be hard to find.

"I still need to go to other places to finish it. That guy just went to other places, I know the way." Chen Xiang floated near an array disc, and was pulled out from the array disc.

The eggs of these Evil Worms were all outside of Devil-killing Divine City. Chen Xiang spent half a day before he finally finished placing all the small particles into the cocoon.

"Before I detonate, I need to notify the Devil-killing Divine City to prepare, because this is a huge loss for them. I’m worried that they might attack the Devil-killing Divine City because of this." Chen Xiang said to Wang Jinshi.

Wang Jinshi came out of the ring, used the Communication jade Symbol paper to transmit the situation to Devil-killing Divine City, and then laughed: "Thank you, Junior Brother. Although your cultivation is not high, you are still the same, with many good methods."

Wang Jinshi’s jade talisman trembled, and someone sent a message to her. After she read the information inside, she said: "Big Senior and the rest have long made their preparations. He said that they had also detected some Hell Devil Emperor people moving around nearby."

Chen Xiang nodded, and said: "Then let’s move a little further away, and ignite it."

Leng Youlan and Mu Qianxiang also ran out from the ring. They wanted to see what would happen after the explosion.

Wang Jinshi took out an array disc with the three of them standing on top of it.

All ten small granules contained a trace of Chen Xiang’s divine soul that he had left inside, and with just a thought, he would be able to detonate them.

"It’s begun." After Chen Xiang let out a chuckle, the earth suddenly shook, and muffled rumbling sounds came from afar. They were currently quite a distance away from the nearest insect egg, but for there to be such a commotion, it showed just how terrifying of a power was hidden within.

"Look." Leng Youlan pointed to the sky in front of him, and under the setting sun, a burst of black Qi rose up. Chen Xiang had ignited the insect egg, causing the energy condensed within the egg to gush out.

The people inside the Devil-killing Divine City could feel the rumbling and trembling from all directions just now. The ten bug eggs surrounded the Devil-killing Divine City, so the Devil-killing Divine City could clearly feel the aftermath of the explosion.

After the explosion, Wang Jinshi activated the array disc and returned to the little village.

Lv Qilian was in the villa, so when Wang Jinshi and the others went there, they immediately told her about the Evil Worms.

After Yue’er heard it, she spoke with a hint of shock, "How did this guy obtain those bug eggs? This thing is extremely terrifying. Once it is born, it will be dangerous."

"Tell me about it." Lv Qilian frowned: "Maybe they still have more, we have to prepare for the worst."

Chen Xiang had thought that Yue’er might have known about it before, because the insect egg was from the ancient times. It should have been from an earlier world, similar to the Star Law Divine Realm.

Yue’er did indeed know, and seemed to understand it quite well.