Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

- Star Shift F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

This was the first time Yue’er revealed her true form in front of Chen Xiang, but she could only do it within the Divine Sense Sea.

"Better than I thought." Chen Xiang laughed, and reached out his hand to pinch Yue’er’s little face habitually.

"Then what do you think I am? Did you think that I was ugly?" Yue’er giggled as she placed her hand on Chen Xiang’s forehead.

At this time, Yue’er and Chen Xiang’s divine souls were at the shore of the small island, and Yue’er had passed down the spatial cultivation method to her, to Chen Xiang.

"If it’s not ugly, then so be it. It’s just that it’s a bit unexpected. You’ll be even more beautiful than I imagined." Chen Xiang opened his eyes wide again as he admired Yue’er who looked like a young girl.

Yue’er coquettishly replied, "Such a sweet mouth. No wonder you could deceive so many women."

Chen Xiang laughed mischievously. Yue’er’s spatial technique had already entered his Divine Sense Sea, she was called Star Shifting Technique. Listening to her name made him feel like she could move stars.

My grandfather gave it to me. My grandfather said that even my father does not know of this technique, and only the power of space can be trained in it. As for you, since you control the power of space, then you are more suited to it. Yue Er said.

"Then can we really move the stars?" Chen Xiang asked.

I heard my grandfather said that this cultivation technique was developed by a spiritual planet. After that Xing Chen grasped this cultivation technique, he moved around everywhere in the starry sky, specifically to cultivate in places with dense energy. As time passed, he would turn into his human form and become one of the ancestors of our Star Moon Divine Race.

"According to legends, there are ten ancestors of our Star Moon Divine Race, all of whom are Astral Cheng Ren or beasts of the beast race. They then formed the Star Moon Divine Race." Yue Er said.

This kind of thing sounded mysterious, but Chen Xiang believed that the Shui Bingyan he was most familiar with was also from a spirit body and it took a long time for him to learn.

Yue’er quickly passed down the Star Shifting Technique to Chen Xiang, and she immediately left Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea, causing him to feel a little regretful. He had originally wanted to tease Yue’er.

Chen Xiang looked at Yue’er, and suddenly felt that it was not bad that she was a little kitten.

"Start your cultivation. Your third divine soul has already been condensed and is still missing the third Divine Deity." Yue’er could sense it just by entering Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea.

Chen Xiang nodded his head and started to absorb the energy from the dragon vein. He circulated his Star Shifting Technique and started to condense the third Divine Deity.

Because Yue’er was the one who passed down the techniques to him from the soul, Yue’er’s understanding of the technique could be obtained as well, just like how he had passed down the Heavenly Alchemy to Hua Xiangyue previously.

In order to increase his speed, he had even coordinated with the Heavenly Alchemy to use it. This was because he still had to refine the energy in his body to absorb it, and then condense it into Spatial Force through Star Shifting Technique after that.

In front of him, he could use the Heavenly Alchemy to refine the energy he absorbed, and once the energy was refined into the Six Realms’ Power, he could directly use the Star Shifting Technique to condense the power of space, gathering it at the location of the third soul. As long as he gathered enough space energy, the condensed Divine Deity would be related to the power of space.

After cultivating for half a day, he felt that his cultivation speed was not fast enough, so he took out the Divine Deity he had obtained before and used the Heavenly Alchemy to refine these Divine Deity into a pellet.

"This should be faster." Chen Xiang swallowed a few of these pellets in one gulp. He had the Heavenly Alchemy, so his refining speed was extremely fast.

Yue’er watched from the corner of the stone room and was extremely shocked. Chen Xiang had consumed a large amount of pills refined from Divine Deity and was now cultivating inside the dragon vein, absorbing a large amount of energy from the dragon vein. In her eyes, Chen Xiang was like a bottomless pit, as if there wasn’t even enough energy to fill him up.

Two months passed by, Chen Xiang continuously cultivated for two months, and even refined all of his Divine Deity into pellets; that was how he managed to condense the third Divine Deity.

"How is it?" Yue’er hurriedly asked. For the past two months, she had been waiting patiently. After all, it was very boring.

My third Divine Deity can directly convert the Six Realms’ Power into spatial energy, and in the future, the spatial energy I use will be even more formidable. Chen Xiang said: "This ability should be the Star Shift."

When he condensed the third Divine Deity, his Divine Sense Sea also became a lot larger, and the third Divine Deity should appear as well, so the quality of his whole body should have increased a lot. If his Divine Sense Sea had more than ten Divine Deity, then the power of his Divine Sense Sea would be even more terrifying.

"It should be soon." Chen Xiang said. This time, he must have used a lot of time to condense the third Divine Deity, even though he couldn’t feel it.

"Two months." Yue’er said: "Something must have happened outside. I already said before that Hell Devil Emperor was going to attack Nine Heaven School, I think it’s about to start."

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "It is possible that they will advance the plan, because I have destroyed the Primordial Evil Worm’s plan, they will definitely become angry from embarrassment, and now I am just worried that they still have those ancient Evil Worms. I previously heard from the memories of those people that the eggs were refined by the Hell Devil Emperor, I wonder what kind of tricks he had used on those eggs."

Yue’er was also worried about this. Those demonic insects’ reproduction speed was extremely fast, and the number of eggs they could lay was enormous. If someone really did obtain them, they would definitely obtain a lot.

There was a door in this stone room, upon entering, one could see a Transmission array. Chen Xiang and Yue’er were teleported to the top through this Transmission array.

Arriving at the top, only then did Chen Xiang see that the little village became bustling with activity, he could see many beautiful women, but they were all in a hurry, as if they were busy with something.

"Xue Yi." Seeing Long Xueyi flying above, Chen Xiang anxiously shouted.

When Long Xueyi saw Chen Xiang, he immediately descended. "You’re finally out, the battle has started, the Nine Heaven School was led by the Hell Devil Emperor and attacked."

The Nine Heaven School is extremely important, we definitely cannot let the Hell Devil Emperor get them, so we have to go and help now. Sister Qilian said that she was worried that the Hell Devil Emperor would attack us too, so we have to prepare for it.

This place had a dragon vein. The dragon vein contained an endless amount of energy and the array disc could absorb this energy to maintain and operate. If the Spirit grain in the array was very profound and strong, then the defensive array would also be very terrifying.

The Ninefold Space s refined by the Spirit grain used by the Heavenly Divine Palace, and even those from the Divine Yan Jing were helpless, it could be seen how terrifying they were! The Hexagonal disk in Yue’er’s hands, which was also known as Star Moon Hell, was also refined using profound Spirit grain.

The Spirit grain in the Divine Book that Liu Meng’er and the others got was passed down from the Nine Divine Kings, and the Nine Divine Kings got it from the Heavenly Divine Palace.

"Yue’er, you stay here with Bing Yan. I will make a trip to Nine Heaven School." Chen Xiang said.