Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Through the Transmission array, Chen Xiang was directly teleported to the Nine Heaven City. Although he did not see Xue Xianxian, Hua Xiangyue and the others, Chen Xiang was not in a rush, they were all rather busy, and when this big battle broke out, they urgently needed pills and array discs, as well as a large number of Divine Weapons. possession of these things was equivalent to having a few more lives, it was extremely important.

When Chen Xiang arrived at the Nine Heaven City, he discovered that waves of evil spirits were coming from outside. With a glance, he knew that the Devil Army had arrived, and that there were quite a few of them.

What surprised him was that the great demon army was outside the city, but the huge Nine Heaven City was not in a mess, the Transmission array here was already closed, and could not be transferred in, in case evil beings snuck in, but they could be teleported out, but there were still many people inside the Nine Heaven City, and the number of people inside did not decrease.

It could only mean that, the people inside had a lot of trust in the Nine Heaven City, and believed that the Nine Heaven City would not be defeated by the demons. Many of them even planned to go out to fight, and helped the Nine Heaven City repel the demons, which could be because many warriors could earn Shen Yuan stone s, and with the size of the city, many shops were rented, and those who could afford to live were not ordinary people, if the Divine City was destroyed, their shops would definitely be affected, and this affected their business, so of course they would have to go out and fight.

When Chen Xiang came to the City Lord’s Mansion, the last time he saw Wu Kaiming, he had obtained a jade tablet that allowed him to enter and exit freely. When he entered one of the halls in the City Lord’s Mansion, he immediately saw a familiar face.

"Little knife, old pig." Chen Xiang was pleasantly surprised.

"Elder Brother Shen."

"Chen Xiang."

Yun Xiaodao and Zhu Rong were excited and excited to see Chen Xiang too. After so many years, they finally met their good friend from back then.

Yun Xiaodao was no longer as childish as he was back then. He had become mature and steady, and also became a lot taller. Furthermore, his strength was very strong as well, to the point where he had five Divine Deity s.

Zhu Rong was the same, plump and harmless fatty. He looked like he had no fighting strength, but his strength was not weak either. Just like Yun Xiaodao, he had five Divine Deity.

"Old Pig, I didn’t expect your cultivation to be the same as Xiao Dao’s. Remember that he surpassed you in the past." Chen Xiang laughed.

, when can you remember better than me? Other than his eloquent mouth, how can he compare to me in other aspects? Zhu Rong laughed and said.

Yun Xiaodao scoffed, "Old Pig, you lost to me last time. You should know when to boast, don’t boast too much."

Zhu Rong laughed: "I deliberately lost to you on purpose, who told your wife to be so powerful, every time I win against you, she would scold me endlessly, I purposely lost to you because of her."

"Are you saying that I won against you because I relied on my wife?" Yun Xiaodao was very unwilling to accept this.

"You said so yourself." Zhu Rong laughed, looking like he deserved a slap. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Chen Xiang could not help but smile. Although so many years had passed, they were still the same as before, constantly bickering over small matters.

"Alright, let’s get down to business. Where did the little baldy go?" Chen Xiang did not see Wu Kaiming.

"He went to the Nine Heaven School, we are in charge of this place, because the people that came to attack the city are all shrimp soldiers and crab generals, the Nine Heaven School is the best." Yun Xiaodao didn’t seem to be slow, because he felt that there wasn’t much of a challenge in dealing with this little thing.

The timid Zhu Rong, on the other hand, was the opposite. He laughed: "That’s right, we can easily settle this here. Chen Xiang, if you come, it will be even easier."

Zhu Rong now felt that he didn’t even need to fight anymore. He knew that Chen Xiang was definitely very strong.

"I’m sorry, I only have three Divine Deity s right now." Chen Xiang purposely smiled bitterly: "I was still trying my best, and only managed to cultivate the third Divine Deity. The place I was previously at, has a different time zone compared to your place."

However, he still smiled: "It’s alright, I won’t look down on you. But Little Yun is different, he must be overjoyed, because he feels that he has two more Divine Deity s than you and he can overturn you with one hand."

Chen Xiang scolded jokingly: "Old Pig, this might be what you’re thinking in your heart. From what I see, the one feeling overflowing with joy should be you."

Yun Xiaodao also laughed, "Damn fatty, don’t think that Elder Brother Shen is as stupid as you and wouldn’t be able to see through your dirty thoughts."

Zhu Rong chuckled: "Of course not, good, we have to formulate a plan to deal with those Evil Demons, although the Nine Heaven City has a big array to resist, but those Evil Demons are constantly attacking the city, making people’s hearts in panic."

Chen Xiang said: "There’s only the two of you."

"Of course not, just the two of them alone won’t be able to complete the mission." He was dressed in gray tattered clothes and his face was full of beard, but Chen Xiang could still recognize him.

"Intestines." This person was Duan Sanchang, the little grave robber.

"There are no tombs here for you to dig." Zhu Rong curled his lips.

"I don’t have a grave to dig, but I can dig a big one for those demons." Duan Sanchang chuckled, came to Chen Xiang’s side and patted his arm: "Good fellow, you don’t look weak. Although you have three Divine Deity s, according to your usual explosive strength, your strength should be at least five, or even six."

Chen Xiang laughed out loud. "The tomb robbing eye is the best."

At this time, another person walked in. Although he was handsome, his eyes were slanted, and it was Xv Weilong.

"Blinded Dragon, you’ve been thrown over as well." Zhu Rong laughed: "It’s good that you came, that way I won’t have to fight anymore."

Xv Weilong gave Chen Xiang a stiff smile, looked at his left arm and said: "Did I cultivate out Bones? I ate a few pieces of Bone level Dan, but I didn’t manage to cultivate them."

Chen Xiang only smiled without saying a word.

Yun Xiaodao said: "Every one of us ate a few pills, but we did not manage to cultivate them. Leader said that we do not have the chance yet, so we will not take the opportunity to start training in Bones."

Chen Xiang felt that his Bone level Dan should be pretty good. Previously, Shui Bingyan had only eaten a few pills to cultivate to the first Bones, but Yun Xiaodao and the others had already eaten a few, but they did not.

"However, the Leader has been successfully cultivated. It seems that he only ate three pills." Duan Sanchang replied: "He has the strength of a god or above, it’s easier to cultivate."

"This bastard is really amazing. He became a god so quickly." Chen Xiang sighed at himself for running to Super God Realm and then running back, missing too much time, back then he was even stronger than Gu Dongchen.

Yun Xiaodao said seriously: "Elder Brother Shen, you are the amazing one, you can even refine Bone level Dan."

Zhu Rong and the others all agreed with him. So what if he had three Divine Deity? As long as he could refine a high level pellet, it would suffice.