Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Lv Qilian came over, and the moment she entered the shop, Chen Xiang immediately felt her Qi! She seemed to be in a hurry as soon as she entered the store.

"You’re here too?" Lv Qilian said the moment he saw Chen Xiang.

"Sister Qilian, is there something important? You look like you’re in a hurry. " Chen Xiang felt that Lv Qilian seemed to have something very urgent to do, and furthermore, he seemed to be rather happy that he had appeared here.

Lv Qilian nodded his head and said, "Right now, we already have information on those Evil Insects. The information we have gathered is that the Evil Insects all have a Queen, and this Queen has only recently nurtured it for a short period of time. Furthermore, a large number of Evil Insect Eggs will be born everyday, just like ants and bees."

"So how many bugs are there now?" Yan Zilan asked anxiously, if there was a large group of Evil Insects, then it would be hard to imagine.

"I only found five, it’s not easy for Hell Devil Emperor to cultivate these five bugs! Previously, there were ten outside of Devil-killing Divine City, which he had been raising for a long time. After Lv Qilian sat down, Yan Yanran had already brought her a cup of tea.

Lv Qilian took a sip and continued: "Right now, there are three that are near the Nine Heaven City, and the other one is with the Nine Heaven School. These evil insects are all very strong, so they must have been born a long time ago!"

"Looks like all of these demonic insects are controlled by the Hell Devil Emperor, otherwise, they would definitely not be obedient." Chen Xiang frowned: "Looks like their main target this time is the Nine Heaven City!"

Lv Qilian said: "It is not controlled by the Hell Devil Emperor, but by a mysterious power behind the Hell Devil Emperor! Previously, we had always thought that the Hell Devil Emperor had been abandoned by the other Divine Nations s. Because they knew the Nine Heaven World’s potential. If the Nine Heaven World consumes the Super God Realm, then the Hell Devil Emperor will definitely be in charge of suppressing us at that time. "

"Don’t worry, there’s still the Heavenly Divine Lord! Great Divine Lord and the rest should have already gone into hiding, and their target should be those Divine Nations s. Chen Xiang said.

Yan Zilan asked: Sister Qilian, how did you suddenly know about this? Our spies shouldn’t be able to find out about these things, and the Nine Heaven School s aren’t good either. It’s clear that only the people hiding in the depths of hell would know about it, and their positions aren’t low either!

Lv Qilian nodded his head: "Indeed, it wasn’t us who investigated about it, but a force called Fu Tian School who provided it to us. Gu Dongchen, Ren Tianyong and the others were also present at that time."

"Fu Tian School? I have heard that this is a very well-hidden sect, and it has been developing in secret for a long time! " Yan Yanran suddenly said, she looked at Lan Lan, who also nodded.

"After Dragon Subduing School was disbanded that year, Yanran and I traveled all over the place and heard about this Fu Tian School." Lan Lan frowned slightly: "But the impression this Fu Tian School gives us is not very good."

Lv Qilian immediately asked: "What do you mean? Gu Dongchen, Ren Tianyong and the rest do not know anything about this sect, much less me. "

Yan Yanran lightly snorted: "Then the cultivation method Fu Tian School s cultivate is .... When Lan Lan and I first passed that small city, nearly half of the women inside harbored hatred towards that Leader, and the men of the small city hated the fact that they couldn’t wait to kill that Leader. "

Lan Lan also said angrily: "We just arrived at the small city, but somehow the news spread out, we were invited by a group of people to the Fu Tian School, all day long, after knowing about this, we wanted to teach that Leader a lesson, but who would have thought that the Leader and a group of elders were all very strong, we are no match for him, so we can only leave."

"After Lan Lan and I increased our strength, we found out that the Fu Tian School was missing, and that the small city beside the Fu Tian School was also destroyed." Yan Yanran said: "That Leader is so hateful, they are definitely not some good stuff."

Chen Xiang laughed: "Chief beauty village head, you have to be careful of that guy!"

Lv Qilian rolled her eyes at him. "You should pay attention to him!"

"Sister Qilian, did you see that fellow being Leader?" Lan Lan said: "I heard that he has a very young appearance!"

"Not the Leader, he said he’s the son of the Fu Tian School! I don’t know how he found out about my Hundreds of Flowers Village’s matter, but he repeatedly mentioned that he wanted to come in and take a seat, and even said that he wanted to give us a big gift. " Lv Qilian glanced at Chen Xiang: "Up till now, there is only one man who has entered our Hundreds of Flowers Village."

"What an honor!" Chen Xiang laughed.

Although Long Xueyi and the others would always tease Chen Xiang about how bad he was as a little kid, they knew very well what Chen Xiang’s bottom line was.

"Qilian... Qilian... Are you here? " A weak shout came from outside the window. The voice was very familiar.

"Hui Shan?" After Lv Qilian recognized the voice, he immediately sent a sound transmission to the people below, asking them to bring Long Huishan up.

"It’s Big Sis Long!" Chen Xiang was a little excited: "I haven’t seen her for a long time, haven’t you been with her all these years?" Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"No, after the ice dragon returned, Ice Dragon Race handed it over to the ice dragon. She and Lingling also frequently went into seclusion to cultivate! According to what I know, the ice dragon is the one that found a vein of ice, and its entire Ice Dragon Race is there! Of course, we have often provided them with medicinal pills over the years, and they would also provide us with quite a few ice-cold medicinal herbs and refining materials. " Yan Zilan said. She had always been in charge of this kind of exchange.

Lv Qilian said, "You Lan and Qianxiang still have some peace and quiet as they frequently go to look for them! A few years ago, I got You Lan and the others to help me deliver a message, and asked her if she and Lingling were willing to come to Hundreds of Flowers Village. We also have a dragon vein here, and the formation plate Xianxian and the others refined can also convert the dragon vein’s energy into ice attribute. "

Long Huishan was led up by a young lady. She was dressed simply and wore a bamboo hat.

The first time Chen Xiang had met Long Huishan, she was a gentle and beautiful woman. After receiving the inheritance of the ice dragon, with a shake of her body, she transformed into a mighty and domineering Female Dragon King. Right now, she was much stronger than before. She hadn’t even put on the dragon armor, so she already looked quite powerful.

"Big Sis Long ..." Chen Xiang anxiously stood up and walked over. At this time, he also noticed Shen Lingling behind Long Huishan, the little girl was already very pitiful at first, but Chen Xiang felt that it was fated for him to help her, and even accepted her as his recognized sister. After being nurtured by Long Huishan, she had already escaped from that tragic fate.

"Brother!" Seeing Chen Xiang coming over, Shen Lingling screamed excitedly and threw herself into Chen Xiang’s embrace, sobbing. It could be seen that she missed Chen Xiang a lot.