Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

"Are you all right? What just happened? " Just now, she was also shocked. This was the first time she had seen Chen Xiang encountering such a danger and it had almost scared her to death. She suddenly realized that she was extremely afraid of losing Chen Xiang.

"I’m fine!" Chen Xiang forehead dripped with sweat: "This guy is from the Divine Nations, I just got some of his memories."

The reason Chen Xiang used the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell just now was to see just what kind of background this person had.

"Just now, I suffered a backlash because I wanted to go to his Divine Deity. This guy protects his Divine Deity very well, and if I want to take away his Divine Deity, then his Divine Deity would become very unstable. After that, it would explode, creating a mental attack that would directly attack the opponent’s divine soul." Chen Xiang said with fear still lingering in his heart. He had almost been attacked just now.

"Looks like Hell Devil Emperor has support from the Divine Nations. At first, we thought that he was abandoned by the Divine Nations but we never expected that this would only cause us to think that the Hell Devil Emperor was weakened." Long Huishan said.

Chen Xiang nodded. He looked at the insect below him and activated Dao heart Eye, discovering that there was a ball of light inside the insect’s body. He used the air to retrieve the thing inside, the thing inside was a crystal the size of a watermelon.

"This is ..." Great Divine Deity! " Yue’er said: "This item was refined using a large amount of Divine Deity, and it is very pure!"

With a single glance, one could tell that the energy inside was extremely pure!

"This guy came out from the back of the bug’s head." Long Huishan said.

"The Divine Nations has already found a way to control the insect. They want a person to directly enter the insect queen’s Divine Sense Sea and turn them into the insect queen’s divine soul. Then, they can control the insect queen’s evil insects! In order to assimilate into the Insect Queen’s Divine Sense Sea, the person who enters the Divine Sense Sea must cultivate an evil force that is similar to the Insect Queen. " Chen Xiang looked at the huge Divine Deity in his hands and continued, "This Divine Deity was refined by the Divine Nations and the others to quickly raise the strength of the insect, allowing the insect queen to have the power to protect herself in the initial stages."

Chen Xiang learnt all of this from the man’s memories.

Long Huishan was still here, and it was already late at night, but she was still waiting in the hall. Because the bug Queen was very powerful, she was very worried about Chen Xiang and Long Huishan.

"How is it?" Lv Qilian saw that Chen Xiang and Long Huishan’s faces were not as pale as when he went out, "Are you injured?"

"I’m fine!" Long Huishan sat down, "I’ve made a big discovery!"

Chen Xiang said, "The insect empress’s matter isn’t as simple as we thought it was. It’s extremely complicated and was made by the Divine Nations."

Chen Xiang told Lv Qilian everything he knew!

"Currently, the three bugs that surrounded and attacked Nine Heaven City were all bred in the first batch, and all of them had a rather strong Evil Demon inside." Chen Xiang took out the Divine Deity he took out from the insect empress’s body and continued, "In order for Divine Nations to cultivate this kind of thing, it also requires a lot of energy, so this kind of thing definitely cannot be produced in large quantities."

This made Chen Xiang more at ease. If there were a lot of them and they were still hiding, then when they attacked together, it would be difficult for them to resist.

Now that the Divine Nations had created a few of these things, they could be used to support the Hell Devil Emperor. At the same time, he wanted to see how effective they were.

"That Fu Tiangao should be in contact with the Hell Devil Emperor at all times, and the people hiding inside the Insect Empress Divine Sense Sea can also receive any news from the Hell Devil Emperor. That’s why they found out that I had just come to the Nine Heaven School." Long Huishan said: "Are you all prepared to deal with that brat? Don’t let him get away! "

"Gu Dongchen has already told him. Because of the urgent situation, he is preparing to attack the Evil Demons outside, and needs support. In order to show off, he had to go find him in the middle of the night, the elite disciples of the Fu Tian School will arrive tomorrow." Lv Qilian said: "I left the array disc with Gu Dongchen and the others, they are already arranging the receiving location, when that time comes, we will start the slaughter!"

"Are you going?" Long Huishan asked Chen Xiang.

"No, I’m going to cultivate." Chen Xiang raised the Great Divine Deity he had just obtained. He felt that this object was very suitable for his cultivation and just needed to be refined.

Long Huishan smiled at Lv Qilian: "Qilian, this brat told me that he hasn’t touched a woman in a long time and it has been a few days since he came back. Didn’t you all agree to not letting this brat touch me?"

"Hmph, he hasn’t touched a woman for a long time, why are you telling me that? Can’t you just let him touch you?" Lv Qilian said snappily, and then glared at Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang was surprised that Long Huishan would actually tell Lv Qilian this kind of thing.

Although this was what Lv Qilian said on the surface, she had already stood up and entered a room. When she entered, she gave Chen Xiang a dubious glance.

"Good little brother, how are you going to thank me?" Long Huishan laughed.

Chen Xiang handed Yue’er over to Long Huishan, and charmingly smiled at her: "You’ll know in the future!"

Yue’er saw Chen Xiang hurriedly entering Lv Qilian’s room, and hearing the sounds coming from inside, she stuck out her tongue and said: "When I was at Super God Realm, he was always in the room naked with Feng Yujie, it was so boring!"

Long Huishan was shocked, "What? Feng Yujie? I actually fell in love with him too, this little brat, I have underestimated him. "

Yue’er smiled. "He was originally a wolf, but in front of all of you, he was pretending to be a little sheep. In his eyes, all of you are little white rabbits."

Inside the room, Chen Xiang and Lv Qilian had just reunited after a long time. At this moment, they both felt their love, and felt the happiness from their bodies and minds merging together. At the same time, they also cultivated the Alive Slain Method, and condensed the crystal of their love ...

"Big Sis Long, you also cultivate the Icy cold power, and your control over it is superb. If you can also master the Ice Cold Law, then you will definitely be very strong." Yue’er said: "After all, you still have the bloodline of the ancient Divine Dragon Race in you!"

Long Huishan nodded his head, "Xue Yi who has mastered the Laws of Ice is even more powerful! It’s a pity that it’s not easy to grasp the Laws! " Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"That’s not necessarily true. After you return to the Hundreds of Flowers Village, find Bing Yan and have her give you a Dao heart stone. At that time, even if you can’t grasp the laws of ice, you can still obtain the profound strength of the way of ice through this." Yue’er said: "However, you have to repay Bing Yan and teach her the techniques to use the Icy cold power!"

Long Huishan did not doubt Yue’er’s words. She had heard Leng Youlan and Mu Qianxiang say before that Shui Bingyan had an extremely powerful stone that, after being used by the Supreme God, could allow him to gain power that was close to controlling the laws.

This is for sure, I often share with Xue Yi the way I use the power of ice. When I go to Hundreds of Flowers Village, I will definitely carefully teach Bing Yan and I will definitely treat her as a sister. Although I have not seen her before, I have heard it from You Lan and Qianxiang. Long Huishan gently stroked Yue’er, who was lying on her lap, as she also gradually fell in love with this mysterious little white cat.