Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing how determined he was, Wu Kaiming secretly regretted his decision. He should not have provoked Chen Xiang, but he was worried that he would lose during the extreme fighting.

"Remember to help me register. If you’re not there, hehe." Chen Xiang laughed sinisterly, and then left the City Lord’s Mansion, walking alone inside it.

Since Hell Devil Emperor had already made a promise with Gu Dongchen and the others, then what they needed to do now was to make preparations for the upcoming battle.

In order to select even more outstanding candidates, there would be a competition. When that time came, Gu Dongchen and the others, as the referees, would also be able to find outstanding seedlings to train them.

Chen Xiang was aimlessly walking on the busy streets. His mind was not on the competition, but on how to refine Divine Deity s through pill refinement. He needed to create a method to condense Divine Deity s.

Previously, he had used the method of refining pills to quickly cultivate the Fourth Divine Deity. After tasting the sweetness, he wanted to continue cultivating it even more.

"You can cultivate Divine Deity by consuming various divine pellets, and the only thing you need to do is to refine and fuse the medicinal power of the divine pellets. However, the process is extremely slow and the efficiency is also very low." Chen Xiang felt that he could directly refine the various divine pellets that raised his strength, and then refine them into Divine Deity.

He could do this, but it would take a very long time. The large Divine Deity he obtained from killing the bugs and also required the Divine Nations s to spend a lot of time and resources to condense it.

Chen Xiang strolled through the city until it was night, then returned to the Hundred Flowers Pavilion, where Long Huishan was also present.

"Where’s Sister Qilian?" Chen Xiang asked, he wanted to ask Lv Qilian something.

"She knows how to teach You Lan and Qianxiang." Long Huishan said, "In ten days, he will compete with that little demon for those three spots. You should have heard of this matter."

Chen Xiang nodded his head, and he had also participated, so it was clear that Long Huishan and the others did not know about his registration. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"What about Fu Tian School’s Fu Tiangao, did he succeed in killing him?" asked. Setting up a trap to kill off all of the Fu Tian School s was an extremely secretive matter, and Yan Zilan might not even know about it.

"No, Fu Tiangao and his father escaped, but the more than four thousand disciples they sent over all died in the killing array." Long Huishan shook his head: "That Fu Tian School is very strong, his strength has far exceeded our expectations, even under such circumstances he was still able to bring his son and run away."

"Then after killing the bugs, did you get the Great Divine Deity?" Chen Xiang asked again, he really liked this kind of thing.

"I didn’t get it, and I don’t know why we didn’t discover that kind of great Divine Deity, could it be that only the first insect does." Long Huishan had also participated in the battle after killing the bugs. She knew that Chen Xiang desperately needed the Great Divine Deity, so she had paid attention to it at that time.

This caused Chen Xiang to frown. If there was only that bug queen, then it meant that the Great Divine Deity was even harder to condense than he had imagined, even the resources and power grasped by the Divine Nations would be difficult to achieve. He had originally planned to study how the Great Divine Deity was refined carefully.

"When can we compete with Hell Devil Emperor and the rest?" Chen Xiang saw that everyone was not so nervous, there was still time for the competition.

"One month later, we are worried that someone from the Divine Nations will help them carry out a competition." Long Huishan said: "That’s why I am sending all of my outstanding disciples here."

Chen Xiang laughed, "Big Sis Long, do you think that if I were to participate in the selection too, I would be able to compete for those three spots?"

Yan Zilan, who had been standing quietly at the side, laughed: "Do you even need to say that? You can definitely fight for it."

Long Huishan also laughed: "That’s true, this little demon is hiding his strength well, even though he is extremely well-hidden from us."

"You two have such confidence in me, to think that this little baldy Wu Kaiming was actually worried that I would lose during the selection. Chen Xiang said with gratitude.

Yan Zilan chuckled: "His worries are not without reason, because at that time, all of the participants will be using their full power, and they cannot use any other means, which would require a lot of publicity. You have always been giving people the impression that you have a lot of tricks up your sleeves, and it’s also because the time between Super God Realm and here is different, which is why you have to come back, losing a lot of time and your cultivation level hasn’t reached the boundary of the Six Divine Deity yet, it’s normal for him to not look favorably on you."

Chen Xiang touched Yan Zilan’s jade face: My analysis is not bad, then why do you think so highly of me.

When Long Huishan saw that Chen Xiang had made a move on Yan Zilan, he knew that Yan Zilan was also his man.

"Because you cultivate in the Taboo magic, so during the competition, there is no limit to how much you can use these Taboo magic, and many people do not even know much about these Taboo magic. Even we do not know much about the might of the Taboo magic that you cultivate in." Yan Zilan said: "Although I have seen you use it before, it is full of different kinds of things."

Long Huishan nodded his head and said, "The strong thing about Taboo magic is that it has a very big effect. For example, your God Murdering Sword Techniques is different from Wang Jinshi’s, but the Heavenly Alchemy is even more difficult to say. Yu Jie said before, only you have comprehended it the deepest, and the things that they have comprehended are very shallow."

Yan Zilan laughed: "Wu Kaiming is worried that your heroic name will be ruined in this selection, that’s why he said that to you. But come to think of it, you really plan to participate."

Chen Xiang crossed his legs, and laughed: "The two of you aren’t worried about this, are you?"

Long Huishan and Yan Zilan were silent for a while. They understood Chen Xiang’s methods very well, if Chen Xiang used all of his skills, even if he was too godly, they would probably be killed by him. But if it was an open and honorable competition, it would be hard to say.

In their eyes, Chen Xiang only had three Divine Deity. In addition to that, perhaps he could also barely compete with the six Divine Deity s which were at his limits.

"That’s not it, I heard that you have cultivated Bones, adding that you are using the Taboo magic during battle, there is no problem if you want to win against the Six Divine Deity." Long Huishan said. Chen Xiang had experienced so many battles, just the accumulated fighting aura and rich experience was not something that a young person could compare with.

Chen Xiang laughed: "I have already participated in it, but I will only tell the two of you, don’t mention it to You Lan and Qianxiang. They have always wanted to compete with me, at that time I will give them a surprise, and also teach them a lesson.

Yan Zilan was a little surprised: "Ah, you really participated in it! If Hell Devil Emperor knew, he would definitely be happy to death, he really wanted to kill you. At that time, he would definitely do everything he could to find the strongest Six Divine Deity Deity to fight you."