Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang wasn’t really worried about this, many people only knew that he had grasped the two Taboo magic s, the God Murdering Sword Techniques and the Heavenly Alchemy. After all, it was easy to expose when using it, and it was difficult to conceal.

However, the two divine arts of the Heavenly spirit kunfu and the Six Realms magic kungfu were well hidden by him. The Six Realms magic kungfu helped him cultivate and create a strong Six Realms’ Power, while the Heavenly spirit kunfu allowed him to develop his Celestial Phenomenon ability.

"Big Sis Long, Bing Yan has come out. You can go and have a good talk with her now." Yue’er suddenly flew over and said with a smile, "Bing Yan will teach you how to grasp the power of the Ice Laws."

Shui Bingyan had the Dao heart stone, so long as it was a small pellet, it could bring a lot of benefits to a person. At that time, Chen Xiang had also given some to Feng Yujie, and when Feng Yujie returned to Hundreds of Flowers Village, he had also distributed quite a bit.

Long Huishan nodded, then said to Chen Xiang: "When the time comes, I’ll try my best to come out of seclusion and quickly support you."

Hearing Long Huishan’s words, Yue’er immediately understood that Chen Xiang was also participating in the selection competition.

After Long Huishan left, Chen Xiang asked: "Sister Zi Lan, are there any training rooms here?

"Yes, deep underground. I’ll take you there." Yan Zilan naturally hoped that the man he loved would become stronger.

"Yue Er, I need you to guide me when the time comes." Chen Xiang carried Yue’er and followed behind Yan Zilan.

They quickly arrived at the underground training room. Yan Zilan warned Chen Xiang to pay attention to the time, then walked out and closed the door.

Yue’er flew around Chen Xiang once, and said in shock: "How did you create the fourth Divine Deity? You just managed to cultivate the third Divine Deity not long ago."

Last time when Chen Xiang was training the third Divine Deity, Yue’er was the one who was giving him pointers. Yue’er remembered it very clearly, and not too long after, Chen Xiang created a set of Divine Deity.

"I fused with that Great Divine Deity, and then I used the Qilin fire chain to cultivate my divine soul." Chen Xiang said: "When I was fusing with the Great Divine Deity, I used the method of me refining the pellet ... The specifics are a bit complicated, but in short, this is my new method. It’s just that I didn’t think that the bug empress would no longer have great Divine Deity, what a pity. "

"Even if it fuses with that Great Divine Deity, isn’t that a little too fast ..." Yue’er, who came from the Star Law Divine Realm, found this unbelievable as well, and it was only ten-odd days ago. "Alright, this is a technique you just created, it should be related to the Heavenly Alchemy, right?"

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "I am preparing to participate in the selection, I need to master some techniques or methods to use Bones, I do not have much understanding towards Bones, of course, I mainly use them to deal with Hell Devil Emperor."

Yue’er of course knew about the selection, because the Hundreds of Flowers Village had been picking people to participate in it in the past few days, and also through competitions.

"When the time comes, your two younger sisters will participate. Aren’t you afraid of hurting their hearts?" Yue’er laughed. "You might be softhearted when the time comes."

"It’s not like I’ve never hit them before." Chen Xiang laughed: "Don’t worry about that. If I meet them, I must defeat them so they won’t think that I, their brother, need their protection."

"Oh right, will Xianxian participate?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No, the beauties who forge equipment and refine pills don’t like fighting, but they don’t look weak either." Yue Er said. These days, she had been the darling of the Hundreds of Flowers Village, and they got to know each other very well.

"Let’s get down to business. The divine soul that you fused with is the Star Swallowing Divine Cow’s and this guy can also be considered to be from the Star Moon Divine Race. He must definitely have a very powerful Star Moon within his divine soul, so the Bones technique that I use is suitable." Yue’er said: "I suggest that you integrate all of your Bones into the Star Moon divine soul in the future so that you can use my technique. In the future, I will teach you the Divine Star-Moon Art so that you can absorb the power of the Star Moon."

"Yue’er, you are so kind. Thank you so much." Chen Xiang rubbed her face.

"I’m very grateful to you as well. If it wasn’t for you saving me, I might still be serving as a sacrifice right now." Yue’er laughed.

Yue’er entered Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea and passed her Bones technique to him, allowing him to familiarize himself with her first.

"The Bones and methods I use are reserved and insidious." Moon Child said, "In other words, when you attack, there won’t be any aura. Only when you attack the enemy will it be effective. Strength is also the type that belongs to the Yin attribute."

"If you do not hit, then you will not need to use up your energy. You are training in the Six Realms’ Power, so through the transformation of the Six Realms’ Power, the power that you unleash will become even more terrifying." Yue Er said. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"Divine power of the cold moon." Chen Xiang muttered, and then used this technique to circulate the Six Realms’ Power in his body, and when it flowed into his fist, it released a faint light, just like moonlight.

"Yes, this is an ice-cold power, but it will not directly freeze the surface of the enemy. For example, if you hit the body of the enemy, the cold power will be able to instantly pierce through their air filth, or even freeze their bone and blood." Yue’er replied, "Of course it’s not just the effects of the cold, because the power of your Bones is already very frightening. This cold energy is only supplementary."

Chen Xiang nodded his head. Even if he did not use Six Realms’ Power s, directly using his fists against it would still be able to unleash a very terrifying power. If his Bones and Six Realms’ Power were to work together, the power would be even more terrifying.

"If you want to be a little more violent, then use the Meteor immortal power." Yue Er said.

Chen Xiang tried using the technique that Yue’er had just taught him and as he rolled up the sleeves of his left arm, he only saw a wave of energy that caused his skin to bulge out.

"Come here." Seeing that the power was about to burst out of his fist, Chen Xiang anxiously controlled it, otherwise, it would cause a big commotion.

"I really didn’t expect that after using it, Bones and Bones would actually absorb a large portion of Six Realms’ Power so fiercely. After passing through the Bones, that surge of Six Realms’ Power shot out of the fist like a meteor. The power it released must be very sharp." Chen Xiang exclaimed, and was secretly overjoyed.

Chen Xiang grasped it very quickly, especially the Meteor immortal power just now. He used it several times in a row, and the power he used each time became greater and greater.

"What’s going on? It’s actually hotter than before." Yue’er exclaimed, "You don’t seem to be directly using the Six Realms’ Power."

Chen Xiang said as he nodded his head, "No, the Divine Deity that I have condensed just now is flame Divine Deity. I now have two flame Divine Deity, I want the Six Realms’ Power to first pass through two flame Divine Deity and transform it into firepower, and then let the Bones absorb it and transform it into Meteor immortal power."

"So that’s how it is. It’s pretty good to use it like this." Yue’er replied, "These two moves are enough for you to use."

Chen Xiang looked at his left hand and sighed: "It’s a pity that only this part has Bones.