Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

It was still half the night, and Wang Jinshi and the others were already here.

"Sister You You, Sister Ziqian ..." When Chen Xiang saw the cold and frosty witch dressed in a black dress, he was elated. This was because he had rarely seen the two sisters together in the past few years.

In the past, Chen Xiang had already felt that Bai Youyou’s demonic Qi was heavy, but now, compared to Bai Ziqian, she could be considered normal! Bai Ziqian’s purple eyes and the poison hook at the end of her ponytail made her look extremely dangerous. Coupled with her cold and elegant expression and ice-cold eyes that were filled with killing intent, it made people feel terrified.

Bai Youyou nodded her head slightly. Even though she still looked cold, the way she looked at Chen Xiang was filled with gentleness and happiness. She was able to tell that she was very happy to see Chen Xiang again after such a long time.

Chen Xiang anxiously walked out of the hall and smiled: "Xue Ying, Fairy Beauty, long time no see, I never thought that you two enemies are together now, you look quite like sisters."

Ji Meixian was once Chen Xiang’s female slave and was originally an extremely cold and arrogant woman. However, she was hit by Chen Xiang a few times, and as time passed, she became extremely respectful to Chen Xiang. She was even’s and Bai Ziqian’s cousin.

What Chen Xiang did not understand was that although Ji Meixian was his cousin, he could still participate in the competition. Because the competition required six Divine Deity, and Bai Youyou and Bai Ziqian had more than six Divine Deity! Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"Sister You You You, are you not going to participate?" Chen Xiang looked at Bai Youyou and the other two in charge of training.

"It’s not suitable for me and my sister." Bai Youyou replied: "We are not suitable for a battle, we are only suitable to kill!"

The corner of Chen Xiang’s eyes twitched. After so many years of not seeing him, this Bai Youyou was still as murderous as ever!

Wang Jinshi laughed: "I am now at the Seventh Divine Deity level, otherwise I would have gone to join in the fun."

They did not know that Chen Xiang had also participated in the competition. Although Yan Zilan and the others knew about it, Chen Xiang had instructed them not to let Leng Youlan and Mu Qianxiang know about it.

Ji Meixian smiled faintly at Chen Xiang: "Chen Xiang, I remember you are a very combative person. Are you not participating as well?"

Just as Chen Xiang was thinking about how to answer, Yan Zilan and Yue’er walked out from their room. Chen Xiang hastily sent a sound transmission to them, telling them not to spread the news about him participating in the competition, because he wanted to give Leng Youlan a pleasant surprise.

"Phoenix... And there’s even the Undying Bird! " Although she had heard about the relationship between Ji Meixian and his family, she had never seen them before.

Chen Xiang suddenly thought of something, the phoenix could be reborn, and the Undying Bird would also be reborn! This might have something to do with the Undead Divine Race.

"Little kitty, you’re so awesome! You can see our main bodies directly!" Xue Ying was a Phoenix Princess, but a very pure phoenix flame.

"She is Yue’er, the mysterious kitten that Bing Yan mentioned." The mischievous Leng Youlan grabbed Yue’er and began to tickle her, causing her to giggle non-stop.

"Xue Ying, where’s your father?" Chen Xiang asked, the strength of the Phoenix King was not bad, he should be very strong by now.

"He was taken away by a senior many years ago. I don’t know where he went." Xue Ying shook her head. She was initially surrounded and attacked by the young disciples of many forces and was almost sullied. It was Chen Xiang who saved her, so she had a good impression of Chen Xiang. After that, she joined the Hundreds of Flowers Palace and became Lv Qilian’s disciple. After she and Mu Qianxiang became sect sisters, she got a better understanding of Chen Xiang and knew some of his romantic affairs ...

Chen Xiang was sitting on a chair, trembling as he watched Leng Youlan and Mu Qianxiang teasing Yue’er, when he suddenly felt a burst of cold air pressing on him. Bai Ziqian had actually come behind him!

Chen Xiang remembered that Bai Ziqian had obtained the legacy of an Ancient Poison God King back then, and grasped an extremely terrifying Ancient Poison. That was why he had been captured by the combined forces of the various powers.

"Sister Ziqian... Sit down! " Chen Xiang felt that he was extremely uneasy seeing Bai Ziqian standing behind him despite her close proximity. He was extremely afraid of this poisonous woman, because she was not like Lv Qinlian who was a gentle and lovable spirit.

"What are you afraid of? Could it be that I will poison you?" Bai Ziqian found it funny, but she did not laugh out loud: "I just wanted to ask you, did you encounter any poison in Super God Realm?"

"No, if there were, I would have given it to you a long time ago! Sister Ziqian, you have received the inheritance of the Ancient Poison God King, so the poison you have now should be very terrifying. " Chen Xiang laughed dryly: "I’m worried that even I won’t be able to defend against your poison."

Bai Youyou said: "You don’t have to be afraid of big sister, she’s currently very good at controlling her poison. I have been with her for so long, but nothing like this has happened either."

Leng Youlan teased from the side: "If old brother is dishonest, then you must have some tricks towards Sister Ziqian, for sure! If you want to try and see if you still have impenetrable towards Big Sister Ziqian, you better tell her directly, don’t take liberties with her. "

"Little girl, am I, your brother, that kind of person?!" Chen Xiang rolled his eyes at her: "I have never teased her before."

"Really?" Bai Ziqian’s voice chilled, causing the hearts of everyone present to feel a chill. They were all very surprised, Chen Xiang had really taken liberties with Bai Ziqian before, they were clear that Chen Xiang was such a pervert, they didn’t expect him to be so reckless.

"I think so. I don’t remember too well." Chen Xiang was also shocked by Bai Ziqian. As expected, the inheritance of the Ancient Poison God King had become extremely frightening.

The corner of Bai Ziqian’s mouth raised slightly, and this faint smile made her look extremely charming and beautiful. Bai Youyou, who was sitting by the side, saw that Chen Xiang was so frightened that his face paled and he couldn’t help but chuckle softly.

"Brat, you don’t seem to have the courage you used to have!" Bai Ziqian’s slender and jade-like hands suddenly caressed Chen Xiang’s face. Her actions looked extremely charming, and she was actually teasing Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang took a small breath and said: "I suddenly have something to ask you. Who do you think will be the one to obtain the three spots? "You have four girls participating."

No one replied him. All of the girls watched as Bai Ziqian’s delicate hands caressed Chen Xiang’s cheeks and neck. They didn’t know why Bai Ziqian would do such a thing.

Chen Xiang knew that Bai Ziqian was testing his impenetrable physique to see if he could resist this kind of teasing.

"It’s pretty amazing, my poison doesn’t seem to be very effective against you." Bai Ziqian retracted his hand, and said with slightly creased brows: "But you don’t need to be too pleased, the poison that I used just now was only my weakest, and I do not dare to test you with poison that is too strong."