Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang never thought that he would actually have to test how many Divine Deity he had. Right now, he was very curious about how Wu Kaiming had tested, and most people only knew how strong the aura exuded from each person’s body was, but he could only make a very vague guess, and could not accurately determine how many Divine Deity they had.

Wu Kaiming glanced at Chen Xiang and smiled at him. Then, he took out a large black ball and placed it on the ground;

"Elder Wu, how do you figure out how many Divine Deity are there? This test is definitely not accurate. If we were to meet a fellow with seven Divine Deity, wouldn’t we be at a disadvantage? " He was very worried about this problem because he was very confident in his own strength. However, it was difficult for him to win against the seven Divine Deity, so he was very concerned about this test.

Wu Kaiming laughed: "Don’t worry, the test results are very accurate. We have tested it many times, and at the same time, we are also testing the people from the Hell Devil Emperor. At that time, Hell Devil Emperor will also take out something similar to this to test us. "

Under Wu Kaiming’s urging, everyone started to queue up to take the test.

There was a pit at the side of the black ball that was just large enough to fit one’s head inside. The moment the top of the head touched the hole, the finger-sized holes on the ball would light up with white light. There were a few holes that would light up with Divine Deity!

What Chen Xiang did not expect was that there were actually five Divine Deity participants participating in the selection as well, and it wasn’t just one person. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

He had thought that other than himself, the others would all belong to the Six Divine Deity!

Yun Xiaodao and the others were together, with Chen Xiang standing right in the middle of them. Yun Xiaodao had six Divine Deity s, six holes in his body, and then, it was Zhu Rong’s turn.

Duan Sanchang and Xv Weilong had already decided not to participate. They were originally behind Chen Xiang, but now they walked out of the line.

"Have you improved at all these days?" Wu Kaiming sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang, because previously, Chen Xiang only had four Divine Deity.

"No, little baldy, you don’t have to worry about me. When the time comes, I will definitely surprise you." However, there was one thing that was more strange, that was that the white light coming from one of the holes was extremely dazzling. All the people who tested had never seen such a bright hole before, so one could tell that Chen Xiang had an exceptionally strong Divine Deity.

This Divine Deity was the fourth Divine Deity that Chen Xiang had condensed not long ago. He knew that this Divine Deity was very strong, but he did not expect it to appear on the test treasure.

"The light is very strong!" Wu Kaiming was also secretly surprised in his heart. He and Gu Dongchen had used this test method to test themselves, but they had never used such a bright hole like Chen Xiang’s. In other words, Chen Xiang’s Divine Deity was much stronger than their own.

Chen Xiang also felt that it was strange, even though his fourth Divine Deity was strong, it shouldn’t be brighter than an Supreme God.

Everyone was rather curious about the identity Chen Xiang had given them. They knew Yun Xiaodao and Zhu Rong, and some were in the same squad as them. only had four Divine Deity, but they were very familiar with him.

After the exam, there weren’t any Seven Divine Deity. This made Wu Kaiming feel relieved and said: "Let’s begin the drawing of lots! Although all the people here are men, they will still compete with the women here. "

"As long as you get the same number, you’ll be an opponent." Wu Kaiming took out a box that had also been specially refined.

Everyone started to queue up for the lot, every lot had a number written on them. After drawing the lot, Wu Kaiming would register for it, then see if the two people got the same number.

It only took a short while to finish, and Chen Xiang received lot number thirteen.

"Are you really number thirteen?" Zhu Rong opened his eyes wide: "Isn’t this too much of a coincidence?"

Seeing Zhu Rong’s expression, Chen Xiang knew that he had obtained number 13. He never thought that he would be able to fight Zhu Rong in his first match, with so many familiar faces participating in the competition, it was very normal for them to meet each other at the start. It was just that Chen Xiang was more interested in fighting Leng Youlan or Mu Qianxiang first.

"Old Pig, you must have been scared to the point of peeing!" Yun Xiaodao laughed.

"Little Yun, don’t look down on me, I’m not afraid! I’m just a bit sorry that I didn’t match up to you, so that I could beat you until you cried. " Zhu Rong was really not afraid at all. He even patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder and said: "I’m sorry, I had to kill you in the first round. Leave the matter of teaching your two barbaric little sisters to me."

"Oh right, Little Yun, you better not get killed in the first round, or else don’t walk together with me from now on." Zhu Rong laughed out loud: "But you don’t have to worry, your luck has always been good, you should be able to get by."

Yun Xiaodao snorted, "Old Pig, I admit that you do have some power, but I still have to tell you, we have all witnessed how powerful Elder Brother Shen has always been! I suggest that you use your strongest power to fight against him from the start, otherwise, don’t you dare find excuses when you lose. "

Seeing that the two of them were about to argue, Duan Sanchang walked over and laughed: "Old Xie, do you want us to bet a bit? "Let’s see who wins."

"I bet on my victory!" Chen Xiang laughed.

"I will also bet on Elder Brother Shen." Yun Xiaodao also laughed.

"Wait ..." Seeing that you guys are betting on Chen Xiang, then I won’t participate, let’s see how you guys play. " Zhu Rong hastily interrupted them: "With Chen Xiang here, I normally won’t participate in the gambling house. How about this, we bet on Little Yun being able to make it to the second round. I can’t bet, but a hundred thousand Shen Yuan stone! "

"Old Pig, I bet a million yuan that I can make it through the first round. When that time comes, can you afford it?" Yun Xiaodao was also very confident.

"Of course I can afford it." Zhu Rong said, he did not think highly of Yun Xiaodao, this made Chen Xiang feel that it was strange, Zhu Rong and Yun Xiaodao had been together for a long time, so he should know Yun Xiaodao’s strength very clearly.

At this time, Wu Kaiming also took out a large piece of paper, placing it in front of them. Chen Xiang and the others who saw it from afar immediately found their names.

"Haha ..." Little Yun, your opponent is the young disciple of the Penalty Heavenly God, you’re finished. " Zhu Rong laughed out loud.

Chen Xiang also saw that Yun Xiaodao’s opponent was called "Wang Jing". Amongst the crowd, there were also a pair of eyes looking over, it was a skinny and lean man who had already walked over.

"Xiao Dao, your opponent is me!" Wang Jing smiled faintly. Although he was not very handsome, he gave people a very honest feeling.

"He bet a million dollars that I could win, so Wang Jing, don’t lose, or else not only would I not be able to earn that one million, I would even have to compensate him." Zhu Rong said.

"I bet a million, bet that I can win! If you lose, you can just give me two hundred thousand. If you win, you can get my one million. " Wang Jing was extremely confident in himself.

"Alright!" Yun Xiaodao nodded in agreement. It seemed that they all knew each other.