Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang did not dodge, because with this unnecessary action, he did not know what powerful array Leng Youlan used, to actually have such a miraculous power.

At this moment, raging flames were raging under his skin. He had used the Scorching Sun Heavenly Elephant from his Art of Breeding Heavenly Elephants to make his body feel the scorching heat on the surface of the scorching sun.

In just ten breaths of time, Chen Xiang felt as if he was being pierced by over a thousand of these cold greatswords. The Killing Array that Leng Youlan used was not simple, if he did not focus his attention to deal with it, he would definitely die here. Chen Xiang understood this type of Killing Array the best.

The killing array stopped its attack, the runes floating in the air slowly dimmed down, the place was filled with the Icy cold power that Leng Youlan had released, the runes that were quickly forming in mid air! could instantly form an array pattern, this must have been done many times. Chen Xiang never thought that the who always hated Spirit grain could actually train to such an extent.

Leng Youlan was still far away and she knew that it was extremely dangerous to approach Chen Xiang, especially that fist strike Chen Xiang used to attack him was something she secretly remembered in her heart. The moment Chen Xiang got close to her, if she could not push him back, it would be extremely dangerous.

Right after the Ice Sword Killing Formation ended, Chen Xiang felt that something was wrong with the ice beneath his feet. He instantly thought of something and jumped fiercely, but his legs were firmly held back and he was actually unable to raise his feet.

"So all of that was done on purpose to distract me. The formation beneath my feet is..." Just as Chen Xiang reacted, Leng Youlan had already rushed over from behind him. She used her large sword to slap him ruthlessly from the side, wanting to knock him down so that Chen Xiang would lose.

However, the moment her ice greatsword touched Chen Xiang’s cheek, Chen Xiang’s cheeks suddenly turned into a red-hot lump of metal. When her ice sword touched Chen Xiang’s extremely hot cheek, it directly melted into mist.

"Come here!" Chen Xiang channeled his energy with his two swords, and the thick ice beneath his feet started to spin, turning into a vortex. Leng Youlan who was standing far away, suddenly appeared in front of Chen Xiang in the blink of an eye, and she was actually brought over by Chen Xiang.

"Spatial energy!" Leng Youlan was extremely shocked, she had never seen spatial energy of this level before. Without her permission, he actually allowed her to move, and under normal circumstances, would require her to be in a relaxed state to be able to move.

Right now, she was fighting and did not relax at all, but Chen Xiang had actually managed to get her here without anyone noticing.

"Hey!" Chen Xiang laughed, the impact of the Meteor immortal power’s punch had already struck towards Leng Youlan’s jade face. Surprised, Leng Youlan immediately wanted to retreat, but found himself stepping on the ground, his fist accurately landing on her face.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"

The moment Chen Xiang’s fist struck, she could only block it with her face, but of course, she was still in great pain.

Leng Youlan was originally going to be knocked flying, but when she flew to the edge of the fighting stage, for some reason, she suddenly changed directions and flew towards Chen Xiang who was in the middle of the stage. She could very clearly see Chen Xiang’s fist flying towards her, but right now, her face was flying towards Chen Xiang’s fist.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The shock wave produced by the explosion of his power was even more powerful than the shock wave caused by the frost above the arena turning into ice crystals. Although Leng Youlan had also created a thick layer of ice to block on his face, the power of the Meteor immortal power was not only scorching hot, it also had a very strong penetrating power.

Leng Youlan was completely dazed by Chen Xiang’s punch. Divine Sense Sea trembled slightly, the sound reverberating throughout the air, and he immediately flew out of the fighting arena.

"Aiya!" Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Leng Youlan fell onto the ground, then sat up and shook her head. After her headache had lessened by a lot, she looked at Chen Xiang who was giggling on the stage with a face full of resentment.

"I... I can try again. " Leng Youlan was unconvinced: "Bro, you’re using your spatial power, this is not fair."

Zhu Rong secretly rejoiced in his heart when he saw that Leng Youlan had been punched twice. If Chen Xiang had also used that spatial energy to play with him, then he would have truly become a pig head.

After so many years, Chen Xiang’s control over spatial energy had also improved greatly.

Chen Xiang laughed: "I never said I won’t use it, it’s also a part of my power! You Lan, when you go back, learn how to seal the space around you! "

Chen Xiang patted You Lan’s head and laughed: "You’re already not bad, your series of attacks just now, surprised me! Of course, even if I don’t use Spatial Force, I can defeat you. However, I need a bit more time, so I want to end it quickly. "

Seeing Chen Xiang easily defeat Leng Youlan, everyone had a new understanding of his current strength. What made them fearful was that Chen Xiang had still hidden terrifying strength, and it was far from being as simple as it seemed on the surface.

"Alright, I admit defeat." Leng Youlan pouted and said. Just now, she had personally felt Chen Xiang’s Meteor immortal power, and it was truly terrifying, in order to block these two punches, she had already used the majority of her Mysterious power. If she had blocked a few more punches, her Divine Sense Sea would have been hollowed out.

At this time, Mu Qianxiang and Yun Xiaodao were still engaged in an intense battle, and Mu Qianxiang was actually suppressed by Yun Xiaodao. Chen Xiang could not help but frown, and Yun Xiaodao’s hidden strength also surprised him.

"This Little Yun, actually did not bring out his true strength against Wang Jing! On the contrary, using schemes and tricks, look at Wang Jing, his face is turning green. " Zhu Rong laughed out loud. "Looks like this guy will use the same tactics on whoever he wants to deal with."

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "He felt that if he were to use that tactic on Wang Jing, he would definitely win, and it would not consume too much energy, and he would not reveal his true strength, that’s why he acted like that. At the same time, he treated the battlefield as a training ground."

"Xiao Xiang’s ultimate move has been called." Leng Youlan suddenly shouted, the entire stage started to tremble, six swords of different shapes surrounded Mu Qianxiang, and these were not real swords.

Chen Xiang was shocked: "What is this?"

After Mu Qianxiang fell into a difficult situation and was just about to be defeated by Yun Xiaodao, the moment she released these six divine swords, which surrounded her body, Yun Xiaodao immediately did not dare to get closer.

"Let’s go!" Mu Qianxiang controlled the six swords to fly towards Yun Xiaodao.

Yun Xiaodao retreated a few steps, he was fully prepared to counterattack, but all of the six swords suddenly turned into rays of light and lit up Yun Xiaodao. Surprisingly, this ray of light had a strong impact, causing him to feel as if his body was struck by a flying boulder.

"Bastard!" Yun Xiaodao cursed under his breath, and then was flung off the stage.

= = = = = = = = = =

"Good news!" Pride of the World, limited to one day on June 11th in the [and read the free channel]. Please take note ./r/375845849/? cm = m3500005