Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Mu Qianxiang heaved a sigh of relief when he saw Yun Xiaodao fall off the stage: "That was close, I initially did not want to use this move, but I did not expect to be forced out here."

It was astonishing that she was able to release six such strange swords, but she was actually not a real weapon. Just like Leng Youlan, she had condensed them using her own divine power, and some cultivators were even able to condense their own portion of the divine power into a divine weapon in times of danger.

The next round would be drawing lots. As long as they could obtain the victory of the next round, then two spots would be determined. Then, the two people who had lost would fight another round, and they would obtain the final spot.

Chen Xiang and Mu Qianxiang had both entered the next round, and were drawing lots with two men who looked extremely similar.

"You two are brothers." Chen Xiang asked curiously. The two men looked handsome and wore white clothes. They both smiled and nodded.

After drawing lots, Chen Xiang actually did not fight with Mu Qianxiang, but chose to be modest and polite with one of the men. The big brother’s name was Zhou Qiang and the little brother’s name was Zhou Sheng.

Chen Xiang understood that the strength of the Divine City was also not bad, and the City Lord was also a rare genius. This was what he had heard from Wang Jinshi and Yan Zilan, and they did not know much about it either.

Chen Xiang and Mu Qianxiang had four hours of rest. At this time, Yan Zilan and the others were also gathering various information on their opponents, but they didn’t gain anything.

We noticed their fight just now. These two are very strong, and they won easily, or their opponents were too weak, so we couldn’t force them to use their strongest power. In short, their fight ended very quickly, and their opponents wouldn’t be able to last three moves. Duan Sanchang said. The two brothers were also the highlight of today’s match.

Mu Qianxiang said: "Brother, as long as we win this fight, we will be able to fight."

Leng Youlan laughed: "Xiao Xiang, don’t hide it from the beginning. Use your strongest strength as soon as possible to prevent yourself from being defeated like me, who has yet to unleash my true strength."

Mu Qianxiang nodded his head, but Chen Xiang was a little worried. That pair of brothers of the Zhou family seemed to be not bad, and they were also very talkative, giving pointers to the people who lost to them just now, making them feel extremely respectful to them.

"I have been to the Great Zhou Empire once, and this Divine City existed since long ago. Every time there was a crisis, this Divine City would mysteriously disappear. Penalty Heavenly God said: "This City Lord is a good person, I have come into contact with him twice, and it is all because someone ran to his Divine City with me as my captor. I am only greeting him, he will bring the person I am capturing here soon."

"These two brothers aren’t simple. Several of their opponents were not bad, but they were not able to withstand three moves. Furthermore, from the beginning to the end, they didn’t use any techniques. All of them were very simple punches and kicks." Gu Dongchen said: "What’s strange is that the power they are using is not the kind of fierce physical body power, nor is it divine power with an attribute. What exactly is the power they are using?"

Devil-killing Heavenly God shook his head: "I can’t tell either, but it might be because their father created some kind of powerful divine technique, or he obtained it from somewhere. After cultivating it, he would be able to obtain that kind of power.

Chen Xiang used the Dao heart Eye to look at the Zhou brothers. Surprisingly, he did not find any obvious energy flowing through their bodies.

"Yue Er, what do you think of those two brothers? Did you notice them on the side just now?" Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to Yue’er. Chen Xiang used the Dao heart Eye to sweep across everyone present, and more or less, could see the obvious trajectory of the energy in these people’s bodies.

Chen Xiang felt that he should have already seen it. It was just that the power was transparent, so he could see the power of the semi-transparent state of the mist.

Unknowingly, it was time for the break. The two matches would be held at the same time. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Yue’er replied, "I didn’t discover anything. Unless they can use more of that power, their strength and aura aren’t very obvious."

Chen Xiang was sparring with his big brother Zhou Qiang. After walking onto the stage, he forcefully smiled and said: "Brother Shen, I’ve heard a lot about you. It’s my honor to be able to fight with you today, even if I lose."

"Brother Zhou, don’t be so modest. To be able to reach this step, you must have extraordinary strength." Chen Xiang replied with a smile.

"Begin."

Chen Xiang knew that Zhou Qiang usually only defeated him in three moves, so he was extremely cautious from the start, and used a very conservative method, to let his opponent attack first.

The strongest indeed was the first to attack. It looked like he had only taken a few light steps, but in Chen Xiang’s eyes, his movement skills were extremely strange, and he was actually dazzled by it.

"What is this movement technique?" Chen Xiang released the Spatial Perception Domain, which accurately sensed the movements of everyone around him. However, at this moment, he felt that there were seven to eight Zhou Qiang on stage, having been here from all directions, but he could only see one Zhou Qiang.

"There’s one more up there." Chen Xiang was shocked. In that moment of danger, he found a gap and dodged all the attacks from Zhou Qiang.

Chen Xiang was completely shocked in his heart. No matter if he was using his eyes or the divine soul floating in the air, all he saw was a single Zhou Qiang. However, seven or eight of them suddenly appeared just now.

Chen Xiang dodged, but Mu Qianxiang, who was on the other stage, did not, with just two shouts, Mu Qianxiang was pushed off the stage, with a face of confusion, it was clear that she had met with the same situation as Chen Xiang.

"As expected of Chen Xiang, he actually dodged the first move." Those below who had fought with Zhou Qiang before cried out in alarm. They had all experienced that kind of extremely strange attack, and although they had clearly dodged it, they were still struck by this strange attack, which was followed by the second move, and were blasted off the stage.

Mu Qianxiang had already finished her battle and was defeated by Zhou Sheng in two moves, which made Mu Qianxiang extremely unwilling, but she could not say anything, because the other party had used her own strength to defeat him. Hearing the discussions of the others, she knew that the two brothers had grasped this strange offensive movement technique.

"Xiao Xiang, what happened just now?" Leng Youlan asked anxiously. The three teachers, Wang Jinshi, Bai Youyou and Bai Ziqian, were extremely curious to know about Mu Qianxiang’s strength.

"There were at least four guys attacking me from four directions just now, and they were very fast too. I only managed to dodge two, and then I was hit. The next second move was the same as well. I didn’t dodge them, and was already hit." Mu Qianxiang frowned, and looked at Chen Xiang’s stage: "You are truly worthy of being my brother, to actually be able to avoid such an attack unscathed."