Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

From the start, Mu Qianxiang had brandished both of his hands, releasing hundreds of small swords that flew in all directions. All of these small swords were condensed from the Mysterious power, their power was extremely terrifying, able to easily penetrate skin of beasts, and even exploded when they entered.

Zhou Qiang had also used a skillful time clone to attack Mu Qianxiang from multiple directions from the very beginning, but because Mu Qianxiang had continuously released those small flying swords, his time clone had been obstructed.

"You’re too slow." Mu Qianxiang could feel the energy that was approaching him from other times, so the moment it got close to her, she immediately dodged. The reason why Zhou Qiang was slow was also because of the small flying swords, because he wanted to use the time energy to make those flying swords disappear.

Zhou Qiang’s first attack did not hit Mu Qianxiang, but his second attack immediately started as well. After Mu Qianxiang dodged the attack, he immediately used the Mysterious power to condense a chain to bind Zhou Qiang.

"It’s useless." As soon as Zhou Qiang finished speaking, he changed the time, and the chain in Mu Qianxiang’s hand suddenly disappeared, because the entire space was controlled by Zhou Qiang, he only needed to return the time before the chains condensed, and the chain would disappear.

"Sure enough." When Mu Qianxiang saw that Zhou Qiang had attacked again, she locked onto Zhou Qiang’s original body and once again swung out a chain towards him.

Zhou Qiang did not expect that after Mu Qianxiang had failed just now, he would still return. When he felt the chains flying towards him, he immediately brought the time of this space back to how it was before. At this time, he also released multiple time clones, all of which attacked Mu Qianxiang from different directions.

However, this time he couldn’t turn Mu Qianxiang’s chain into nothingness.

"Haha, I’m trapped." She then quickly ran around Zhou Qiang, and in the blink of an eye, she had already tied Zhou Qiang up into a dumpling.

"What’s going on?" Zhou Qiang was tied up by the chains, and was unable to move. He frantically circulated the power of time, wanting to make the damned chains on his body disappear, but to no avail. He was sure that the time in this space before the chains came out was when the chains would no longer exist.

But he did not. Zhou Qiang had already failed twice, and this caused him to be greatly shocked. As expected, Chen Xiang discovered a fatal weakness in his body.

Mu Qianxiang immediately rushed up, channeled his Mysterious power, and struck the chain with his palm, releasing a strong impact that sent Zhou Qiang flying out. Zhou Qiang lost even faster this time, and was even defeated by Mu Qianxiang.

Zhou Sheng, who was watching from below the stage, was stunned. Mu Qianxiang, who had just been defeated by him in two moves, had now also defeated his brother in a very short amount of time.

"I won." Mu Qianxiang was extremely excited.

Gu Dongchen frowned: "What did this girl do? Logically speaking, Zhou Qiang should have destroyed her chain, but he did not succeed."

The Devil-killing Heavenly God also found it hard to understand, "Zhou Qiang failed both times when he tried, and it was clear that he was unable to control the time change on the chain."

"What the hell is going on?" Even though Zhou Qiang lost, what he cared the most about was how Mu Qianxiang actually did it, because this was a fatal weakness.

Zhou Sheng also wanted to know: "Brother Shen, please tell us that if you are able to discover our fatal weakness, you will be our great benefactor."

Zhou Qiang said: "Our father told us before that we have a great weakness, but he was unwilling to tell us; he wanted us to understand it for ourselves."

Chen Xiang said as he laughed, "Your father should have told you guys this earlier, because that way, you wouldn’t have to rely too much on the power of time. Just now, the chains Qianxiang released were not very strong, so it isn’t difficult for a person with six Divine Deity to break free from them.

Secondly, you said before, your Time Laws are unable to control lifeforms other than yourself. Just now, Qianxiang’s chain was wrapped with multiple strands of her hair, even though those hairs had already left her body, they are still flesh and blood to you. Your Time energy cannot affect the change of her hair, so you did not succeed. Chen Xiang said: "Of course, if it’s at the extreme, I can directly use the power of blood to defeat you." Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

"How did you think of using your hair?" Zhou Qiang took a deep breath. As long as his power merged with his life form, then the power of time would not be able to change it.

Chen Xiang laughed: "Because of the power of your time, the competition stage has returned a few times, and even some of the sand on the stage has disappeared, but your hair is not there, it is still there."

The three spots, Chen Xiang, Mu Qianxiang and Zhou Sheng, had already been determined.

"Zhou Sheng, the devil arts Hell Devil Emperor and the rest are using are not simple, so in these twenty days, you have to think of a way to make your Mysterious power go berserk, otherwise you will be in danger." Although the two brothers were controlling the power of time, their own strength was very weak, and could not form any offensive power. On the other hand, those who walked the path of the Evil Demon, had very strong physical bodies.

"Thank you very much." Zhou Qiang and Zhou Sheng hurriedly thanked him.

Now, they knew that during the competition with the Hell Devil Emperor, they could be on guard. After all, when the time came for the competition, they would not be as simple as stepping down from the stage.

Originally, they were only here to train Zhou Sheng, but because they were brothers, and because they were also very good seedlings, they started to train together.

Mu Qianxiang, on the other hand, was handed over to Lv Qilian and the others. As for Chen Xiang, no one could give him any pointers.

"Twenty days is simply too little." Chen Xiang felt that he did not have enough time, he faintly felt that the resources sent by the Hell Devil Emperor would be very strong, and might even be from those Divine Nations s.

"We can’t let them win." Chen Xiang returned to the Hundreds of Flowers Village with Mu Qianxiang and the others. Mu Qianxiang went to look for Lv Qilian and the others.

Xue Xianxian and the others were busy repairing the profoundwu clothing for Chen Xiang. When they saw Chen Xiang return, they knew that the competition had already concluded.

"I thought you were the first one to come here, Youlan. I didn’t expect that it would be you, little scoundrel. Did you lose and come here to complain?" Xue Xianxian chuckled, she was currently smelting something in the hall using a small stove.

"She lost to me, but she lost very willingly, and now she is going to cultivate together with the beautiful immortal, Qianxiang and the others." Chen Xiang laughed, "Qianxiang has obtained one of the spots ...."

The girls were all here, each of them with their own things to do. Some of them were smelting, some were analyzing blueprints, and some were drawing Spirit grain ...

Chen Xiang told them what happened during the competition. By the time he finished, it was already night.

"Elder Sister Meng’er, I remember that you guys used to have a Time Formation, you can get more time by going in, there are only twenty days left. I hope that you guys can have more time to help me improve." said. Back then, Leng Youlan and Xue Xianxian would often enter that place to cultivate.