Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

After Chen Xiang completed the Double bone level, which contained his two divine souls and fused them with his legs, he felt that his legs were filled with power, just like the last time where his arm fused with his soul ...

When he walked out of the Time Formation, he used his great strength to stomp on the ground, causing a wave of flames to erupt. His surroundings also slightly trembled, not releasing the power he just obtained. He felt very uncomfortable ...

"It’s already very powerful. Right now, your six Divine Deity and six Bones shouldn’t be a problem for you to deal with an initial stage Too God," Yue’er exclaimed in shock. Earlier, when Chen Xiang had fiercely used the power of the Meteor immortal power, it was rather terrifying for someone who only possessed six Divine Deity.

"Alright, how much time do we have to go back and start now?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Go back and get some sleep ... You can gather in the morning," Yue’er said as she lay on Chen Xiang’s body. After she and Chen Xiang left the tunnel and reached the surface, Chen Xiang took out an array disc and teleported to Hundred Flowers Pavilion before heading to City Lord’s Mansion.

It was already late at night, but the inside of the City Lord’s Mansion was still lively. Wu Kaiming was currently in a meeting with some big shots.

Zhou Sheng, Mu Qianxiang, and the others were also in the City Lord’s Mansion. Chen Xiang and the others were going to the battlefield tomorrow to fight against the three mysterious Rankers sent by the Hell Devil Emperor.

"Do you know who our opponent is?" Chen Xiang saw that Zhou Sheng and Mu Qianxiang were both in the hall as he walked in.

"Right now, one of them is Fu Tiangao," Mu Qianxiang said. "We were almost tricked by this guy earlier, luckily we found out their motive in time."

It was very normal for the son of the Fu Tian School, Fu Tiangao, to rely on the Hell Devil Emperor for his evil technique. However, for Fu Tiangao to fight in this battle, it meant that the Hell Devil Emperor attached a great deal of importance to Fu Tiangao, so he definitely had a bit of strength.

"The Fu Tian School has suffered heavy losses as well! Who let them think about exterminating our clan? Serves them right! I met this fellow tomorrow. I definitely won’t let him off!" Mu Qianxiang’s face was filled with fury. Fu Tiangao and his father had previously surrounded him before, but in the end, they still escaped.

Zhou Sheng frowned: "The situation might not be good for us because they already know what’s happening on our side. On the day of the selection, there must be spies amongst the disciples that are participating, and they will definitely leak out our details."

Mu Qianxiang was also worried that they had used all their strength during the previous selection and that Chen Xiang’s weakness had also been discovered by him. Although it had passed through twenty days of special training, it couldn’t make up for much of it ...

"We have to find out how many spies and see how many spies he revealed," Chen Xiang said.

"These guys don’t hide so well ... ... Although there aren’t many people who participated in the first time, it wasn’t hard for us to guard against them ... ..." Zhou Sheng sighed, because he had only just found out about Fu Tiangao’s situation, that’s why he thought that the Hell Devil Emperor had some people planted inside. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Initially, there were only a hundred or so participants in the selection." Chen Xiang rolled his eyes and said: "I will go find the little baldy and have him gather all the disciples that attended the selection that day. I have a way to confirm if there is a spy."

"What method?" Mu Qianxiang did not believe that Zhou Sheng would do the same.

"Secrets."

Chen Xiang immediately entered the conference room and sat down. Several tens of people, who were elders level Penalty Heavenly God s of various major powers, asked, "What is it, Chen Xiang?"

"There’s something important to talk about," Chen Xiang said Zhou Sheng and Mu Qianxiang’s worry.

"That is something that we had already thought of a long time ago. Thus, you don’t have to worry about us choosing disciples very strictly," Penalty Heavenly God said. "Furthermore, I am personally responsible for this ... "If you’re really worried, then what are you going to do?"

"Call them here first. Tell them to be worried that if something goes wrong, they might come here to be their substitutes." Chen Xiang said. Back then, they did not discover that Fu Tiangao had snuck into the Devil-killing Heavenly God, so Chen Xiang was still a bit worried.

Wu Kaiming said, "The gathering is almost done. Everyone, go call those brats over."

Lv Qilian was also there. She immediately went back to call Xue Ying, Ji Meixian and Leng Youlan, who were still in Hundreds of Flowers Village. Yun Xiaodao and the others were also there.

In less than an hour, a great hall of the City Lord’s Mansion was filled with people. This was not only the disciples who had participated in the selection that day, but also some spectators who had come to watch the competition.

When Lv Qilian came, he also told Bai Youyou and Bai Ziqian that they were present at the time, so they had come as well.

There were several hundred people here, and many of them were heavyweights and elders of a certain force. It was hard to say how long Hell Devil Emperor would take, but even they did not know. Right now, they were also a little worried in their hearts.

Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to the Penalty Heavenly God to ask him to tell him the reason behind gathering the people ...

The Penalty Heavenly God didn’t know what Chen Xiang was planning but Chen Xiang had said that he had a way of finding out whether or not there were any secrets to the event that day, so he loudly said, "Among the lot of you, one of us leaked the secret to the event that day ... This secret is mainly related to the way our disciples, who are participating, fought through this ... "

When the Penalty Heavenly God said this, Chen Xiang’s eyes, which had merged with the Bones, locked onto everyone’s eyes. Right when the Penalty Heavenly God said that, he caught three people whose gazes were off.

"There are actually two elders! These two elders should be from the Floating Life Divine City right?" Chen Xiang heard Wu Kaiming talk about how Liu Fusheng from the Floating City had helped him back then, so he was more concerned about the Floating Life Divine City.

Their eyes were just a little bit off .... Chen Xiang was not sure yet, but when he tried to take a closer look, he discovered that their Divine Sense Sea was shockingly red in color. It was obvious that they were affected by the cultivation of demonic techniques.

The young man was even more so, the corpses in the Divine Sense Sea. There were blood all over the place and on top of a mountain of corpses, sat his soul. His hair was messy, his eyes were red, and his body emitted a fiendish aura that soared to the sky.

"This guy is actually from Devil-killing Divine City?" Chen Xiang looked at the man’s attire and was very surprised to see that an outstanding disciple of the Devil-killing Divine City had actually mixed into his cultivation method and cultivation method.

Chen Xiang immediately sent a sound transmission to Devil-killing Heavenly God and the others to inform them of the abnormality of the three people.

The three of them noticed that Gu Dongchen and the other few big shots were looking at them. Although they looked very calm, Chen Xiang could see from the slight change in their eyes that they were panicking