Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Prompt this book first update website, Baidu please search 15.1 book website

Ren Tianyong was the first to move as she moved to the side of the young man. She placed one hand on his shoulder and forcefully checked the strength of the man’s Divine Sense Sea ...

"City Lord... You are ... "Ah ..." The man suddenly cried out in pain. His body unexpectedly emitted waves of extremely terrifying evil aura ...

When the two elders of the Floating Divine City saw this, they became even more anxious. They had just wanted to capture the young people beside them as hostages, but they were sealed up by Gu Dongchen, Devil-killing Heavenly God and the others without being able to move.

Everyone immediately distanced themselves from the three people. They were also extremely shocked to see that there was actually a spy among them, and that he did not have a good status ...

Just now, Gu Dongchen had secretly sent a sound transmission to Liu Fusheng. Liu Fusheng arrived in front of the two elders and coldly said, "I treated you guys well, yet you guys actually betrayed me."

"City Lord... "What did you say?! This must be a misunderstanding!" An old man hurriedly said.

"Misunderstanding?" It was unknown what method Devil-killing Heavenly God used when he struck out. After hitting the old man, an evil aura surged out, enveloping the entire hall ...

"Honestly, didn’t you guys tell Hell Devil Emperor about the battle that day?" Penalty Heavenly God asked coldly.

Bai Youyou walked over and said in a cold voice, "Let me just search my soul and see then..."

Chen Xiang shouted anxiously, "Don’t! Their divine soul is imprinted with the Hell Devil Emperor’s seal. If you try to look through their memories, they will automatically destroy their own divine soul."

The three spies were instantly shocked because they did not know about this matter either. However, they knew that the reason the Hell Devil Emperor did anything to their divine soul was to gain the Hell Devil Emperor’s trust in them.

"City Lord... When we were about to leave, he promised us that he would extend our lives, but we have to work for him ... "An old man said in a mournful voice," The City Lord has always been very good to us, it’s a pity that we can’t improve any further ... ... We can only die of old age, but we don’t want to die ... ... "

"What about you? What’s going on?" Ren Tianyong angrily asked as he looked at the man he had grabbed.

The man suddenly sneered. His eyes turned red, his chest suddenly split open as he reached out with his hand. He held onto a black dagger tightly.

His speed was extremely fast. Ren Tianyong never thought that the other party would suddenly possess such terrifying strength. It was simply too late to dodge, and just as his head was about to be penetrated, Ren Tianyong suddenly disappeared.

When Chen Xiang was in danger, he used teleportation to teleport Ren Tianyong away. Otherwise, Ren Tianyong would really be in danger.

"Die!" Devil-killing Heavenly God was furious. Just now, his disciple was almost done for, but seeing that Ren Tianyong was fine, he instantly flashed over and slapped the man with his golden palm. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

"The brat from City Lord is ... "Ah ..." An old man who wanted to say something cried out in pain. His body was soon set ablaze by the black flames and soon turned to ash ...

Penalty Heavenly God frowned, "Is this the power of the Hell Devil Emperor’s curse? It seems like he can’t even say anything or he’ll die."

The remaining old man’s legs trembled. He was extremely regretful that he had cooperated with the Hell Devil Emperor. He did not expect that the thing that the Hell Devil Emperor had left behind in their divine soul could take their lives at any time.

"I can’t say it now either! Otherwise, I will die!" The old man’s face was bitter and bitter.

Chen Xiang walked over and looked at the old man. The old man’s eyes had penetrated into his Divine Sense Sea and found the old man’s main divine soul. There was the Hell Devil Emperor’s mark between his eyebrows.

"You can say it now," Chen Xiang said. "If you say it out loud, you won’t die, so you should be able to feel that the imprint Hell Devil Emperor left on your divine soul was erased by me just now."

Devil-killing Heavenly God and the others were shocked. They were surprised by Chen Xiang’s methods just now.

"Just now .... That brat was the proud disciple of the Hell Devil Emperor and he was sent to the Devil-killing Divine City a long time ago, "When the old man realized that he was fine, he heaved a sigh of relief and continued," The Hell Devil Emperor already knows about the details of the battle here. Of course, we also know a little about their situation.

"What about the other two?" Liu Fusheng asked.

"The other two are very mysterious. I don’t know much about them. They are very arrogant. Even the experts beside Hell Devil Emperor are looked down by them." The old man replied.

Gu Dongchen took a light breath. It was obvious that those two arrogant people were from the Divine Nations.

"All of you go back and rest. Rest in the morning and have a good fight," said Gu Dongchen. The old man was brought away by them ...

Chen Xiang had already guessed long ago that there would definitely be a Divine Nations who would fight on the side of the City Lord’s Mansion!

Chen Xiang soon went to sleep fighting for a good state

In the morning, he woke up to see Mu Qianxiang in the courtyard

"Bro" Mu Qianxiang immediately walked over and smiled sweetly, "Why do I feel like you’ve gotten stronger again?"

As she said that, she took out a large plate of roasted meat and gave it to Chen Xiang. She was a big foodie and was going to fight today, so she specially made some delicious food for Chen Xiang.

"Good girl." Chen Xiang took it over and wolfed it down. Seeing the look on his face, Mu Qianxiang giggled.

Wu Kaiming and Gu Dongchen also came to the courtyard with Zhou Sheng following behind them.

"You can go outside the city. Right now, everyone is already waiting on top of the city walls." Gu Dongchen couldn’t help but laugh when he saw that Chen Xiang was still eating.

After Chen Xiang finished eating the meat, he laughed and said, "Calm down. What worries me the most is that there are other plots and plots going on in the Hell Devil Emperor."

"As long as there’s no war right now, it’s fine," Gu Dongchen said. He had considered things from a long-term perspective: if he fought with the army of the Hell Devil Emperor this time, they would not have enough strength to fight against the other powers of the Super God Realm.

Those powers in the Super God Realm would definitely not tolerate the sudden appearance of such a huge force pressuring them ...

The great formation of the Nine Heaven City did not close Chen Xiang and the others who had come outside the city via the Transmission array. They had come to ensure’s, Mu Qianxiang’s and Zhou Sheng’s safety the Devil-killing Heavenly God, Penalty Heavenly God, Gu Dongchen, Lv Qilian, Lv Qilian and Long Huishan were all outside the city while the others were all watching them from atop the city walls.