Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The Hell Devil Emperor’s side had also sent many strong Hell Devil Emperor’s and Fire God’s puppets. It seemed like their overall strength was much stronger than the Nine Heaven School’s side. It was no wonder that Gu Dongchen was worried that they would be unable to recover from the great battle after losing both of them.

"Chen Xiang, long time no see! We’re old enemies too! This time, you better be careful and not lose your life!" Hell Devil Emperor wore a dark red armor and the middle-aged man’s face was filled with ferocity. Even though he did not emit any demonic aura, he looked very scary.

"Back then, when I was still very weak, didn’t you do all you could to kill me? The one who should be careful is an evil demon like you. You should be able to live for so long."

Wu Kaiming took out the black ball that tested the Divine Deity and said, "Let your people cooperate a little. This is to prevent anyone with six Divine Deity and above from sneaking in."

Hell Devil Emperor also took out a Divine Deity testing treasure. It was a red bead, and he said with a sneer, "You should also let your people cooperate with me. I’m more worried that you guys are cheating ..."

At this time, one of the three young men who walked out from behind the Hell Devil Emperor was Fu Tiangao. When he saw Chen Xiang, his face was filled with anger, and he was extremely jealous of him. Because he knew that Chen Xiang had many outstanding women by his side, and this Mu Qianxiang in front of him was Chen Xiang’s recognized sister.

The other two men were dressed in white. There was not a single emotion on their faces, and their eyes were filled with coldness, as if nothing in the world could be placed in their eyes. However, they were extremely cooperative as they tested the quantity of their Divine Deity ...

After the test, they were all given six Divine Deity s. What was more surprising was that the rays of light they gave off during the test were very bright, much brighter than Zhou Sheng and his. This meant that their Divine Deity was special and strong.

"Take as many Divine Deity as you have. How many specks of light are in this bead?" After Hell Devil Emperor tossed the bead in his hand to Zhou Sheng to receive, six white specks of light instantly appeared within your red bead.

"After the test is finished, place it on the ground. Wait for the specks of light to disappear before moving on to the next one!"

Then, Mu Qianxiang picked it up and six more light dots appeared on top of it. After showing it to Hell Devil Emperor, she placed it back on the ground ...

It was Chen Xiang’s turn to be serious. At this time, because he already knew that Chen Xiang only possessed four Divine Deity and four of them already displayed extremely strong strength, he wanted to see if it was true. Although Chen Xiang had been at the side of the black ball before, the Hell Devil Emperor felt that it was not accurate.

After Chen Xiang picked it up, six white specks of light immediately appeared inside the red bead.

Chen Xiang actually had six Divine Deity s.

Mu Qianxiang and Zhou Sheng both felt extremely surprised. It was simply impossible for Chen Xiang to condense two Divine Deity from the first twenty days

"What’s going on? Could it be that our previous measurement was not accurate?" Wang Jinshi was extremely surprised. "Does this kid originally have six Divine Deity? Did he purposefully suppress two sets of Divine Deity before?"

"It’s very possible that this brat has always liked to hide his own strength," Bai Youyou said. Amongst this group of people, she understood Chen Xiang the most.

Only Lv Qilian knew that Chen Xiang had gone to Xue Xianxian and the others to borrow a Time Formation’s formation plate. However, she still could not believe that it would be possible to condense two Divine Deity that quickly even after twenty years of time. After all, the higher one went, the harder it was.

Hell Devil Emperor also saw the surprise on Gu Dongchen and the others’ faces and knew that they were puzzled about the two Divine Deity s that suddenly appeared from Chen Xiang’s body.

Right now, everyone secretly thought that Chen Xiang had deliberately concealed two Divine Deity. If that was really the case, would he be hiding another Divine Deity?

"Is master still hiding other Divine Deity?" Fu Tiangao also knew that Chen Xiang only had four Divine Deity s before, "If he is still hiding then wouldn’t we be at a disadvantage." Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"This is impossible! This treasure was refined by our Great National Master! On the basis of it, he can’t fool this treasure!" A man in white said. Hearing him say that, Great National Master was sure that Chen Xiang was from Divine Nations, yet he was secretly helping the Hell Devil Emperor!

"So what if he has seven Divine Deity? I can still kill him." The other white clothed man laughed coldly as he looked at Chen Xiang with disdain.

The Hell Devil Emperor passed the red bead to a white clothed man and said: "The three people that will be participating are Nie Lin and Dong Lijun."

Gu Dongchen said: "We are Mu Qianxiang, Zhou Sheng, Chen Xiang."

"Fortunately, according to the rules of the competition, if no one is allowed to participate, then just admit defeat and take responsibility," Hell Devil Emperor laughed sinisterly as he looked at Chen Xiang and continued, "The process of the competition is to not allow the use of weapons the moment you use one. Even if you violate the rules of the competition, you will still have to go through with the contract now."

All the participants from both sides had made a promise not to use Divine Weapons or Divine Armors, and also made a promise that they only had six Divine Deity.

When this contract was completed, it would also mean that Chen Xiang only had six Divine Deity ...

"If you violate the contract, I will not take your lives. It will only give you a headache," Hell Devil Emperor said. "Earlier, I clearly knew that you cannot consume pellets after getting injured unless you withdraw."

This contract was very fair to both sides!

"On our side, Fu Tiangao is going to fight. If he wins, he can continue to fight against the participants on your side." Hell Devil Emperor said, "If you win, he can choose to continue fighting or change his opponent."

Fu Tiangao had already walked out: "I’ll take care of them all myself. You guys must run off the stage in time to admit defeat, I won’t be merciful even in front of beauties."

The enchantments of the dueling platform were set up by the strong experts of both sides. Although the aftermath of the battle was very strong and they couldn’t escape, they could fall out or go back and rest for a while. If it really wasn’t possible, they could only withdraw and not fight again ...

In Zhou Sheng’s first match, he had controlled the power of time to let Chen Xiang and Mu Qianxiang clearly see that Fu Tiangao’s control over the power of time also had a very strong ability to protect himself.