Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was a person who was very curious. He had come to the Imperial Nine Palace but was locked in this courtyard not able to leave, which made him very bored. Furthermore, he didn’t know what he should do here.

"Elder Sister Bai Feng, can you find something for me to do? For example, if you can get me a better Shangpin dan’s formula, it would be best if it can help with condensing Divine Deity! " Chen Xiang felt that Xiao Baifeng’s position was not as low as she claimed it to be. Otherwise, she would not so casually give him a portion of the Five elements Dan’s medicinal ingredients.

Xiao Baifeng said: "I will do my best to help you get it, the good pill formulas are all in the hands of the Great National Master, if I want to obtain the pill formulas from him, I need to pay a large amount of Shen Yuan stone s. But you don’t have to worry, I will do my best to fight for it from the princess! "

"Elder Sister Bai Feng, tell me honestly, what is my alchemy level?" Chen Xiang asked: "I just want to know if I have the qualifications to see Jade Cauldron Divine King!"

"It’s still not over yet. Wait till you refine the Shangpin dan, and the speed and number of pills you refine will be the same as the Five elements Dan. Then, I can assure you that the princess will definitely meet with you!" Xiao Baifeng said: "I can also tell her the pill refining ability that you have displayed and see if she will be interested in you, or if she will help you get a good pill formula."

Chen Xiang hurriedly nodded his head. If he had a good Shangpin dan, then he wouldn’t have to work so hard to create it. At that time, he would also be able to rely on this divine pellet to make himself stronger.

His previous plan was to become stronger as soon as possible, because once the Nine Heaven World succeeded in evolving, he would face a huge danger. If he had enough strength to fight against the strong enemies that were eyeing him covetously, then he wouldn’t need to be on guard and hide.

"Elder Sister Bai Feng, when will you be back?!" Chen Xiang saw that Xiao Baifeng had just turned around, and immediately grabbed her hand.

Xiao Baifeng suddenly flung Chen Xiang’s hand away and looked at Chen Xiang in anger. Her hand had never been pulled by a man before.

"I’ll be back tonight! You better not run around! " Although Xiao Baifeng was angry from the bottom of his heart, he did not express it.

Chen Xiang watched as Xiao Baifeng left with Yue’er, and laughed: "This woman seems to have never been touched by a man before, her reaction was so intense!"

There was a period of time between now and night, so Chen Xiang could not waste time. He anxiously took out some spirit liquid and started to copy the Bone level Dan’s ingredients, which was one of the ways to quickly obtain more strength, and it was to cultivate more Bones.

When Chen Xiang entered the Imperial Nine Palace, because he was locked in this courtyard, he did not sense just how powerful the Imperial Nine Palace was.

However, he knew that Xiao Yulan was very strong. The female servant by his side had thirty Divine Deity and a lot of level 1 Divine Kings as subordinates. Chen Xiang believed that this Jade Cauldron Divine King would only need a small portion of power to completely annihilate all the powers in the Nine Heaven World.

"Qilian, you must become strong as soon as possible. These Divine Nations are really too scary!" Chen Xiang went over to the window and looked at the blue sky. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

If he wanted to quickly obtain power, he could only constantly refine a large amount of high level pellets, and right now he lacked a good pellet of Shangpin dan. If he had a good pellet of Shangpin dan, he also had a goal, and he felt that collecting any pellets here was not a difficult matter, as long as he had Shen Yuan stone s, it would be fine.

At night, Xiao Baifeng returned, and Yue’er followed her. Initially, Chen Xiang was still a little worried that Yue’er would be sent out, since Yue’er was a very likeable little kitten.

"I have good news to tell you. It can help you gain the attention of the princess quickly!" Xiao Baifeng carried Yue’er out of the backpack and allowed her to freely fly. She felt that Yue’er, who was trapped inside that backpack, must be very uncomfortable.

"Elder Sister Bai Feng, drink!" Chen Xiang quickly brought her a cup of fruit juice.

After Xiao Baifeng sat down and took a big gulp, he said, "You should already know the reason behind the civil war in our Divine Cauldron Nation?!"

Chen Xiang nodded. "I do, but this is because the various great powers all want to fight for the throne with the least possible losses. This is a method that is based on peace."

"That’s right, this point was suggested by the princess, and it’s not that her strength is insufficient, but she’s very clear, as if fighting to the throne through a very bloody means, this Divine Cauldron Nation will also lose greatly in strength, which is very disadvantageous for the entire Divine Cauldron Nation!" Xiao Baifeng drank all the remaining juice in one gulp. This fruit juice was extremely delicious.

"Therefore, Princess, you should go to those Great National Master s to have them come forward and mediate, and find a peaceful way to fight for the throne." So, Princess, you should go to those Great National Master s to discuss, and for those Great National Master s to come forward to mediate, and find a peaceful way to fight for the throne.

Chen Xiang said anxiously, "Elder Sister Bai Feng, quickly tell us the good news!"

Xiao Baifeng reached out his hands to catch Yue’er, and said: "The good news is that the seven first-tier Divine Kings will decide who will be the Divine Lord by competing with each other!"

"Oh? "How is this good news for me?" Chen Xiang did not understand.

"This competition is a contest of strength!" and also the Great National Master who will select the future, this will test the young generation! " Xiao Baifeng said: "A few Great National Master s are proficient in this aspect, and the most proficient are the Great National Master s who concoct pills! And in the future, Great National Master would definitely leave just like the other Divine Lord, and search for the path to longevity. So, there would have to be someone who would inherit the position of Great National Master. "

Chen Xiang suddenly understood, but there were some things he did not understand.

Xiao Baifeng continued, "And this competition is a test of seven level one Divine Kings by those Great National Master s. This is because in the future, one will have to be known as the, and not only will they have to have a strong Divine Lord, they will also have to have a Great National Master."

"At that time, the subordinates of the Seven Great Divine Lord s will conduct all sorts of competitions, and I will recommend you to participate in the alchemy competition. If you perform well, you might be groomed as a future Great National Master." Xiao Baifeng said: "But according to my current understanding, during the competition, Shangpin dan s and Supreme God Pellets should be refined, and you might be able to ..."

Xiao Baifeng frowned, "The Supreme God Pellet is impossible... But you don’t have to worry, as long as you perform well while refining the Shangpin dan, the princess will see through your potential. "

The Supreme God Pellet was of a higher grade than the Shangpin dan. Chen Xiang had never even seen medicinal ingredients of the highest quality, let alone refined it.

"How much longer?" Chen Xiang was a person who liked to challenge others. He did not know how to refine the Supreme Pellet, but he planned to give it a try.