Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Xiao Baifeng felt like he had picked up a treasure, and the way he looked at Chen Xiang became gentler. After all, Chen Xiang’s pill refining skills had already surpassed her understanding of pill refining!

"Elder Sister Bai Feng, how much did you spend on the pill formulas?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Seven hundred million Shen Yuan stone!" Xiao Baifeng said: "And this is the cheapest price, because I know someone, that’s why I can take them down, if not I would have required another three hundred to two hundred million!" T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"If the Tianhuo Dan I refined is very popular, then it won’t be long before you make a comeback." Chen Xiang laughed: "I have only used one set of Divine Medicines now, once I familiarize myself with it, I will be able to concoct it faster!"

Xiao Baifeng was no longer suspicious of Chen Xiang’s strength. If she sold the nine Tianhuo Dan in her hands, she would probably sell it for three hundred million. Even if it was her, it would still take many years before she could save up to that much.

"Elder Sister Bai Feng, can you help me get a better pill furnace?" Chen Xiang was a little embarrassed, because Xiao Baifeng had said before that she had used up most of her Shen Yuan stone.

"No problem!" Xiao Baifeng nodded his head: "The competition is about to begin, at that time, you only need to refine the Zhongpin Dan and you will be able to pass. At that time, the princess will personally watch the competition, and when that time comes, you will have to reveal your strength. If you can become famous by then, then these nine divine pills will be even more expensive. "

"Elder Sister Bai Feng, I feel that you are very similar to an acquaintance of mine!" Chen Xiang suddenly laughed.

"What do they look like?" Xiao Baifeng slightly turned her head, but she was still unable to bear Chen Xiang’s gaze.

"She’s called Little Lizhi, and is as petite as you are, also a beauty who looks cold but looks warm inside. Furthermore, she’s been by the side of a very powerful woman since she was young, and is also very powerful!" Chen Xiang laughed: "I used to tease her and let her be my wife."

"Hmph, you!" Xiao Baifeng lightly glared at him: "You can tell at a glance that this isn’t a good thing. If I were her, I would definitely not follow you."

Chen Xiang chuckled: "Not necessarily, not necessarily!"

"Little Scoundrel, Little Scoundrel!" Yue Er giggled.

Xiao Baifeng smiled lightly, touched Yue’er, and said: "There is news about the few divine medicines you asked me to inquire about, and they are rarely sold on the market. But I heard that one of our Divine Cauldron Nation s specially purchased these divine medicines for a relatively high price!"

"Can you buy it?" Chen Xiang asked, that Great National Master must be the one who knew how to refine Bone level Dan.

"Sure, you need something mid-tier?" "How many portions do you want?" Xiao Baifeng asked.

"Within your capabilities, you can do as much as you want. This is very important to me! Elder Sister Bai Feng, I will definitely not treat you unfairly in the future. " Chen Xiang spoke seriously, and continued: "Oh right, when you buy it, you better keep it a secret, so that no one can find out who bought it, is that alright?"

"Sure!" Xiao Baifeng nodded his head: "Go rest, don’t refine pills tomorrow, rest up and go participate in the preliminaries!"

Xiao Baifeng woke up very early and busied himself with the things that Chen Xiang had told her. In the Imperial Nine Palace, although a female servant like her had the protection of the Jade Cauldron Divine King, Xiao Yulan, she was still looked down upon. Even the young royal prince, who was much weaker than her, treated her like a slave.

And it was only because of Xiao Yulan’s face, which was why he was usually so polite to her! However, Xiao Baifeng did not want to continue like this, she needed to obtain even stronger power, and her talent was limited. If she could not break through, when she grew old, Xiao Yulan would let her leave the Imperial Nine Palace, and let her focus on cultivation.

And now that she met Chen Xiang, this genius alchemist, she had other plans in mind! Even though she was Xiao Yulan’s female servant, she wasn’t usually able to be with Xiao Yulan. Furthermore, in the Imperial Nine Palace, she was always scheming and scheming, and it was difficult for her to find someone she trusted that she could trust.

But what Chen Xiang did was different. Chen Xiang trusted her a lot, and she trusted Chen Xiang the same! Chen Xiang constantly called her Elder Sister Bai Feng, which made her feel especially close. No one had ever called her that, because in the eyes of many in the Imperial Nine Palace, she was just a lowly female servant. Because of her loss of these things, she had gradually forgotten how to smile, so she always seemed cold.

Therefore, when she was with Chen Xiang, Yue’er would occasionally smile! It was just that she was unable to see how beautiful her smile was, while Chen Xiang and Yue’er were able to see it.

"Little Scoundrel, quickly get up!" Yue’er used her tail to sweep at Chen Xiang’s nose, forcing him to wake up.

"Has it been ruined?" Chen Xiang yawned. Refining that mutated Tianhuo Dan made him very tired.

"No, don’t you think the Elder Sister Bai Feng is a little pitiful? At least she smiled in front of us. The last time I went with her to see Xiao Yulan, she didn’t smile at all when she saw him. " Yue Er said.

Chen Xiang sighed: "That’s normal, this is related to the environment she grew up in, I have also met this kind of woman before! Sister You You You was like this in the past. "

Yue’er nodded her head and replied, "Last time when I followed her to a place relatively close to Jade Cauldron Palace, I heard many people say that she was a servant girl, that she was a slut that was hard to listen to, and that she had spoken very loudly. It seems like after living here for so many years, she has yet to integrate into this environment and has instead been ostracized. "

Because this place doesn’t give her any warmth or trust, she herself also rejects others. This is normal, this kind of place has too many scheming and scheming, if she does this, it would be a form of self-protection. As a result, people would secretly gossip about her, or at least avoid too much trouble. Chen Xiang understood this better: "Why did you suddenly ask me this?"

"The words she said to me last night were all complaints, so I hope you can help her!" Yue’er stuck out her tongue. "Even though she has thirty Divine Deity, she’s very pitiful."

"No problem, but I need to find an opportunity. In short, I will take this to heart. After all, she treats me quite well." Chen Xiang nodded and agreed.

Chen Xiang did not refine pills today, but had carefully adjusted himself and only returned in the evening.

"I haven’t bought any of those magical medicines yet. It will take me a while to get them!" Xiao Baifeng was wearing a very simple light purple dress. The moment she came back, she sat down and looked very tired.

Chen Xiang hastily brought tea for her to drink: "Elder Sister Bai Feng, you must have worked hard for the whole day! Is he helping Jade Cauldron Divine King with something? "

"Yeah, she told me to buy some things!" Xiao Baifeng nodded. Seeing how considerate Chen Xiang was in serving her, she smiled at him.

"Shen Fei, the preliminaries are going to start tomorrow. I just got the news that the disciples of the Great National Master are also going to participate in the alchemy competition."