Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Since Chen Xiang was unwilling to reveal his purpose for coming here, Xiao Ping had no other choice. The fact that he was willing to give the Heaven god fire Dan’s pill formula to Chen Xiang meant that he was willing to believe in Chen Xiang.

"I’m going back. I need to prepare for the upcoming Large Competition. It will be held in a month. At that time, we can have another big competition!" And you better not underestimate your opponent. In Imperial Nine Palace, the ones you need to watch out for are not only me, but the other few as well! Basically, the Divine Kings who are still fighting for the throne are all very powerful. " Xiao Ping removed the enchantments, and walked out of the room with Chen Xiang.

When Xiao Baifeng saw Chen Xiang and Xiao Ping walking out while talking and laughing together, she immediately heaved a sigh of relief. In the few days that she had spent with Chen Xiang, she knew that Chen Xiang’s personality was sometimes more arrogant. She was worried that Chen Xiang would anger this Prince Ping.

You better not be first, although you have beaten me in refining the Five elements Dan, but during the Large Competition, it is not certain. I hope that you will improve a little this month, and at that time, I can see your even more powerful strength. Xiao Ping patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder, then looked at Xiao Baifeng and said with a smile. "Baifeng, are you really not going to return with those one billion Shen Yuan stone?"

"I admit defeat!" Xiao Baifeng said.

"Then, I’m leaving!" Xiao Ping tossed a Storage bag to Chen Xiang. Chen Xiang didn’t even need to look to know that it was a billion Shen Yuan stone.

After Xiao Ping left, Xiao Baifeng and Yue’er were both extremely curious about what they had said after staying inside for such a long time.

"What did he give you?" Xiao Baifeng looked at the Storage bag curiously. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"You’ll know when you see it, won’t you?" Chen Xiang laughed and handed the Storage bag over to her.

"One billion Shen Yuan stone! "No, I have to return it to him. He said that he will admit defeat if he’s willing to gamble..." As Xiao Baifeng spoke, he suddenly thought of something.

"Not bad, I admit my defeat. This guy thinks he lost to me, so not only did he give me back the one billion Shen Yuan stone, he also has this!" Chen Xiang raised a jade tablet, and laughed: "This is the Heaven god fire Dan’s pill formula!"

"This Prince Ping is really not bad!" Yue’er exclaimed in admiration, "He’s much better than your princess."

Xiao Baifeng had to admit that Xiao Ping’s actions were highly sought after. Now, she understood why so many people had stood up and supported Xiao Ping to become the new Divine Lord. However, Xiao Ping did not have this intention.

Now that Xiao Ping was able to put down his stance of being on equal footing with Chen Xiang, Xiao Yulan wouldn’t be able to sit on this level! Of course, this had a lot to do with his personality as well. If Xiao Ping wanted to fight for the throne, he would definitely be as cautious as Xiao Yulan.

"We don’t really need Shen Yuan stone anymore! But I still have to refine all of the remaining Five elements Dan s into pills, I am prepared to try to refine this Heaven god fire Dan. " Chen Xiang had already sent his consciousness into the medicinal herbs and exclaimed, "It’s not easy to find even these medicinal herbs, maybe even Prince Ping doesn’t have that many himself."

Chen Xiang wrote an order for Xiao Baifeng. After Xiao Baifeng read it, he frowned: "I have only heard of one of these four divine medicines, and they are extremely rare ones too. It seems that the Heaven god fire Dan’s divine medicine is not easy to find!"

The combination of the Heaven god fire Dan’s divine medicine had always been kept a secret. For Chen Xiang to be able to casually show it to Xiao Baifeng, it showed that he trusted Xiao Baifeng a lot. It was precisely because of this trust that Xiao Baifeng became even more determined to believe that Chen Xiang was not an evil person.

"Go and try to buy it first, but first get ten portions of the Zhongpin medicine that I told you to buy before! It’s the Divine Flower of Blood Bone, the Heavenly Tendon Grass, and the Seven Love Godly Flowers! " Chen Xiang planned to use this month to properly improve his own strength. His current strength was extremely weak in the Imperial Nine Palace.

In the next two days, Chen Xiang refined two hundred Spirit Soul Five elements Dan and sold them all to Xiao Baifeng. The sales of these pills were not bad, and they were all sold out very quickly! Right now, other Divine Nations s were gathering to seek refuge in the Divine Tripod City with rich people. Most of these rich people were merchants who sold everything they had, but when they saw this rare divine pill, they would not hesitate to make their move.

Right now, Xiao Baifeng had more than three billion Shen Yuan stone in her hands. All the Shen Yuan stone that she had previously used on Chen Xiang in these short few days, she had pretty much earned all of them back then.

Chen Xiang brought Chen Xiang in. Even though he was not allowed to see Xiao Yulan, Xiao Baifeng had been very good to him, and even poured a large sum of money into his body to help him improve.

"Ten of them, for a total of one and a half billion Shen Yuan stone!" After Xiao Baifeng bought the Zhongpin bone level Dan’s medicinal ingredients, she couldn’t help but exclaim in surprise. Previously, she only asked him to prepare the ingredients for her, at that time she would definitely want them.

"It’s this price!" Chen Xiang looked at the divine medicines, they were all of good quality, and he himself was very satisfied: "How did you get them? Did you get them all from the same person? "

"No, I bought them from three different people. Each of them has a divine medicine like that, but they are all from the same power." Xiao Baifeng said: "I don’t know if they colluded to bid the same price!"

Three sets of ingredients for the Bone level Dan, each one was priced at fifty million Shen Yuan stone, adding up to a total of one hundred fifty million. This was so expensive that Xiao Baifeng almost gave up and ran back, but she saw that Chen Xiang was very concerned about it and gritted her teeth as she bought them.

"Oh? From the same faction? Could it be that they were responsible for growing the divine medicine? You didn’t let them know your identity, right? " Chen Xiang said: "Don’t mind it too much, this medicine is worth this price. It seems that in the entire Divine Cauldron Nation, there is only such a power that can sell it!"

"That’s right, it’s from the Great National Master’s medicine shop. Normally, these three divine medicines are not publicly sold, but I found them through some underground channels." Xiao Baifeng was even more curious now: "Just what kind of divine pill’s medicinal herb is this? Why is it so expensive, much more expensive than some Shangpin dan’s divine medicine? "

"It’s from the Bone level Dan!" Chen Xiang said in a low voice, "Don’t be too shocked, I got the pill formulas a long time ago, and Prince Ping knows that I have them too."

When they were chatting in the room, Xiao Ping had mentioned about the Bone level Dan to Chen Xiang.

"You ... You can refine Bone level Dan? " Xiao Baifeng’s beautiful little face was filled with surprise.

"Shh ..." I have known it for a long time, during this time, you should go and buy the Five elements Dan’s divine medicine, and wait for me to finish refining a cauldron of Bone level Dan before coming out to earn the Shen Yuan stone’s money. " Chen Xiang said. Ten batches of Zhongpin bone level Dan’s medicinal herbs, had used half of the Shen Yuan stone he had earned just now. Therefore, he had to continue refining the Five elements Dan to sell.

Xiao Baifeng was the same as Xiao Yulan right now. They both wanted to know where Chen Xiang came from and what his motive for coming to the Imperial Nine Palace was! A person with great pill refining skills must have an extraordinary background, but why did he sneak into the Imperial Nine Palace?