Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Xiao Yulan returned the stone to Chen Xiang and laughed lightly: "Since you let this guy out, it would be hard for you not to know! Do you know how many people hated you to the bone for releasing Jiu Canghai? "

"I don’t know. You probably won’t hate me, right?" Chen Xiang kept the stone and sat on a chair, while Xiao Yulan was still standing.

When others were talking to her, she was the only one sitting and others standing!

"Can’t you be a little polite?" Although Xiao Yulan said that, she had already sat down. She shook her head and laughed, indicating that she had no way to deal with Chen Xiang.

"I don’t hate you, but I’m beginning to hate you." Xiao Yulan sat opposite to her, and used her enchanting and beautiful eyes to look straight at Chen Xiang, giving him a lot of mental pressure.

Chen Xiang was currently suppressing his curiosity and did not directly look at her Divine Sense Sea. He was worried that if he were to be discovered by Xiao Yulan, then he might be kicked out.

"Speak, why did he ask you to come to me?" It is not bad that he has you as his subordinate. Although it is very difficult to restore his country, it is not impossible. Xiao Yulan said.

"You’re wrong. He didn’t ask me to come here. I came here myself!" Chen Xiang frowned, the other party did not know of his relationship with them.

"Oh? Are you really going to join me? Of course, with your strength, I will certainly accept you and give you very good treatment. " Xiao Yulan chuckled: "I thought you were completely loyal to Jiu Canghai, did you think that he was too weak and weak?"

Chen Xiang sighed: "You’re wrong again! Firstly, Jiu Canghai and I are not master and servant, we are friends, he is weak but I promised him that I would do everything in my power to help him restore his country! Secondly, I am not here to rely on you! Can’t you think of any other reason for me to come here? "

Xiao Yulan frowned slightly. She was distressed because she had guessed wrongly, but her face revealed a depressed look, looking a little cute and mischievous.

"Then tell me the real reason why you’re here. I don’t want to be wrong again." Xiao Yulan said with a smile on his face.

"You sent people to capture my wife, sister, and slave. I came here to save them, but after coming here, I found that I was too weak." Chen Xiang said with a trace of anger on his face.

Seeing that Xiao Yulan was still confused, Chen Xiang continued: "Xue Xianxian and Liu Meng’er are my wives, Dongfang Jing is my sisters, Dongfang Xinyue is my female slave, you should know them."

Xiao Yulan suddenly came to his senses, but he was still a little doubtful. "How could Dongfang Jing be your little sister? Dongfang Xinyue is her aunt, and according to seniority, she should be your aunt as well.

"Jingjing is my recognized sister, and Warm Moon became mine because he lost the bet!" You took them. " Chen Xiang snorted softly.

"It might be inappropriate to bring them out, but I do not have any bad intentions towards them. I just want them to do something for me. When I’m done, I will send them back and heavily reward them! They are doing very well here, but for the time being, I can’t let you see them. They are doing very important things. " Xiao Yulan understood the reason why Chen Xiang came here, and what made her surprised was that all four of their outstanding women actually had such a close relationship with Chen Xiang.

"I definitely won’t lie to you. I, Xiao Yulan, have never told a lie before." Xiao Yulan said very seriously, at the same time he looked at Chen Xiang with an apologetic gaze: "I am truly sorry for causing so much trouble for you, I am truly sorry, I hope you can understand!"

Of course, Chen Xiang was clear of the reason why Xiao Yulan didn’t let him see Xue Xianxian and the others, which was because he was worried that if the matter regarding her cauldron were to leak out, it would affect her plans.

"Forget it!" I have often heard the Elder Sister Bai Feng speak of you and I believe in her, so I believe in you too! You must take good care of Xianxian and the others. " Chen Xiang sighed. Xiao Yulan’s attitude was also not bad, causing the anger in his heart to dissipate quite a bit.

"You’re so good to your wife. You dared to take such a huge risk to enter this place." Xiao Yulan chuckled: "You don’t have to worry about them, it’s Hongque taking care of them now, they are living a good life here, I wish that they could stay here in the future."

Chen Xiang said: "Our misunderstanding should have already been resolved!"

"Hm!" If you want to join me in building a great cause with me, I will welcome you at any time! " Xiao Yulan said. She now understood the reason why Chen Xiang came here, and was relieved when the doubts in her heart were solved.

"I definitely won’t join you, you won’t be qualified to become a Divine Nations Monarch just by looking at it." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Oh? Why do you say that? " Hearing this, Xiao Yulan actually did not get angry.

"He told me himself!" Chen Xiang said: "I just feel that this isn’t what you’re thinking, and that this is what you’re trying to force out."

Xiao Yulan was silent for a moment, then asked: "How do you know?"

Chen Xiang was startled: "You really are that way?"

Xiao Yulan nodded his head, "Mn, although I have always been scheming since I was young, and have cultivated the kind of imposing manner that a Monarch should have, this is indeed not what I had hoped for. "How did you know?"

"Because I know a woman who really wants to become a female Divine Lord. Although her strength is much weaker than yours, she has always wanted to be called an emperor. So the feeling you give me is completely different." Chen Xiang was precisely talking about Lv Qilian.

"Oh? If I have the chance, I would like to meet this woman that you have mentioned. Perhaps, I can learn something useful from her. " Xiao Yulan waved her hand and removed the barrier, then smiled sweetly at Chen Xiang: "What we talked about earlier, must be kept a secret!"

"Of course!" As Chen Xiang walked out of the room, both Xiao Hongque and Xiao Baifeng, who was outside, were extremely nervous, especially Xiao Baifeng.

"Hongque, let’s go back!" When Xiao Yulan came out, his face was filled with a happy smile, allowing Xiao Baifeng’s worried heart to calm down. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

After Xiao Yulan left, he slumped onto a chair. "You’re worried to death about me.

"How would I dare? Your princess isn’t a child, how could I dare to bully her? A single glance from her can kill me, who dares to be disrespectful to her? " Chen Xiang laughed.

Not long after Xiao Yulan left, Xiao Baifeng said in a low voice: "I’ve bought the low grade divine medicine from the Bone level Dan, only ten of them!"

Dong, dong, dong! Suddenly there was a knock at the door. It sounded hard.

"Xiao Baifeng, you little slut, come out!" A shout came from outside. It was Ming Prince.