Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang just noticed that Yang Tianyi was also here!

Yang Tianyi and Huang Jintian went to the Star Law Divine Realm, and now that they were back, they even bumped into Huang Yantian.

"Big Brother Yang!" Chen Xiang cupped his hands towards Yang Tianyi, who smiled and nodded at him. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Xiao Baifeng was very shocked. Chen Xiang was very powerful, then wouldn’t Chen Xiang’s master and senior uncle be very strong? It was just that Chen Xiang’s master and senior uncle were both a little strange.

"You little bastard, you must call him Martial Uncle from now on!" Huang Jintian rolled up his sleeves. "If you dare to call him Senior Master, I will beat you up one time."

"Brat, don’t believe his words. Just call me Senior Uncle. If he beats you up once, I’ll beat him up ten times." Huang Yantian laughed: "If you dare call me Junior Master, I will definitely beat you up!"

Chen Xiang laughed bitterly: "So that means, no matter what I say, I’ll get beaten up."

After Huang Jintian saw Xiao Baifeng, he said to Chen Xiang: "Good boy, every time I see you, I am not familiar with the women around you, and each one of them is stronger than the last."

Through these words, Xiao Baifeng found out that Chen Xiang was not a good person. No wonder Yue’er called him a little scoundrel previously.

Chen Xiang immediately sent a sound transmission to Huang Jintian and the others, telling them to tell their real names.

"Shen Fei, I’ll take my leave first. When you need it, just send me a message." Xiao Baifeng handed over a jade token to Chen Xiang, she knew that he was doing this, so she tactfully left.

"I heard that Xianxian was taken away and is inside the Imperial Nine Palace. You must have snuck in right?" After Huang Jintian left, he asked after setting up a few enchantments.

"They snuck in! They’re very safe in there!" Chen Xiang said, and Yue’er ran out as well.

"Did you guys go to the Star Law Divine Realm? "How’s it going?" She was related to the three God Tribes, and right now, she couldn’t go back, so she was very concerned about the matters there.

When he asked about this matter, both Yang Tianyi and the person who asked him earlier had a heavy expression on his face.

"The Undead Divine Race is gone, the Cat Race is gone, the Star Moon Divine Race has hidden away with all his might." Huang Jintian sighed: "Even the Divine Dragon Race is in danger, I had no choice but to hide."

"How could this be?" Yue’er asked in a very dejected manner. The three God Tribes who were very closely related to her had all met with danger, and Undead Divine Race and Cat Race were gone as well.

"Don’t be so painful! Your Cat Race did not try to kill your enemies the way we did. Your Cat Race was just scattered and they temporarily announced their dissolution. But Star Moon Divine Race is different. Star Moon Divine Race is more popular and directly fought with a few of the great powers in Star Law Divine Realm. Huang Jintian said, he had already found out Yue’er’s background from Huang Yantian.

Yang Tianyi said: "Those fellows from the Star Law Divine Realm have already gone mad for the sake of longevity, they think that the god race all have the power of longevity within them, so they captured a large group to study it, and angered a few of the god race. Although the few god races are strong, they can’t match up to the large number of people from the Star Law Divine Realm that pursue longevity with their lives."

"Master, isn’t Undead Divine Race ..." Chen Xiang patted his shoulder.

At that time, the Great Clan Elder and the rest risked their lives to protect the more important Undead Heaven Spirit! According to the information that I have gathered, none of the Undead Heaven Spirit s have been captured, and they even offered a sky-high reward for them. " Huang Jintian said.

"I hope grandpa and grandma, grandma and grandpa and parents are fine." Tears flickered in Yue’er’s small eyes. She looked pitiful.

"They’re all fine. Your seniors are all very powerful." Huang Jintian curled his lips: "I didn’t think that a little thing like you would actually be this powerful."

Chen Xiang asked: "What is the Undead Heaven Spirit? is very important to Undead Divine Race? "

"Of course, the Undead Heaven Spirit can directly absorb the energy of heaven and earth to give birth to a spirit embryo, and then produce a powerful undying god, or even a Sky Spill Master. We brothers are the Sky Spill Master that was born in the Undead Heaven Spirit, and moreover it’s an extremely rare twin. We haven’t met each other since birth." Huang Jintian looked at Huang Yantian: "To be able to meet this foolish little brother in this life, I truly have a long life!"

In order to prevent the two brothers from getting into an argument, Chen Xiang hurriedly asked: "Are there a lot of Undead Heaven Spirit s?"

Furthermore, once a new Undead Heaven Spirit has grown to a certain stage, they will, according to their own senses, head towards a place to absorb the energy of heaven and earth there, and give birth to a spirit embryo! " Huang Yantian said.

"The Undead Divine Race is really magical!" Chen Xiang exclaimed.

Yue’er replied, "Generally speaking, the God Tribes all have this kind of Heavenly Spirit. Star Moon Divine Race, Cat Race and Cat Race all have this kind of Heavenly Spirit. When the clan is about to be exterminated, the Heavenly Spirit will have the effect of reproducing."

"Could it be that Long Xueyi is a heavenly spirit?" Chen Xiang thought of Long Xueyi. Back then, he remembered that Long Xueyi had said that she had produced a few white dragons herself, which was why Leng Youlan was born later on.

"Masters, can you calculate the Nine Heaven World now? I want to know when I can integrate it? " Chen Xiang asked: "And the time there!"

"I’ve calculated it once before. The time changes there are very unstable compared to here. However, when we fuse together, at least 5,000 years have passed. That should be enough time for our growth." Huang Yantian said.

"Five thousand years is more than enough time for them to develop. Although the Nine Heaven World has not merged with the Super God Realm yet, the quality of the whole is close to that of the Star Law Divine Realm. Those who grasp the dragon vein and have a strong dao of pills will definitely develop the fastest!" Huang Jintian said: "You do not have to worry about that, do you want to go back now? Didn’t you say that Xianxian and the others don’t have many problems? "

"I... There is still a competition in Imperial Nine Palace, I plan to return after that! " Chen Xiang replied: "There’s still more than twenty days."

"Right, can you bring us into the Imperial Nine Palace?" Huang Jintian laughed: "Just now, that little girl’s strength was not bad. Did she bring you in? And she seems to be very obedient to you! This brat, you sure is good at this! "

"Who allowed me to become an incredible apothecary? But don’t think too much, he’s a good friend of mine ... " Chen Xiang explained what he and Xiao Baifeng had met, and also gave a brief introduction to the situation inside the Divine Cauldron Nation.

Yang Tianyi laughed: "It’s so lively inside, I also want to go in and take a look. Little brother, go and ask that lady, can she bring us in, we guarantee that we won’t cause any trouble!"

Chen Xiang was more at ease with Yang Tianyi, but that crazy master of his was a little crazy, and he didn’t know if it was his Senior Master or his Junior Master’s Huang Yantian, they made him extremely worried.

"Alright, let me ask!" Chen Xiang immediately transmitted the message to Xiao Baifeng.