Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Inside the carriage, Xiao Baifeng looked at Chen Xiang with a strange gaze. Although she already knew Chen Xiang’s true identity, Chen Xiang still gave her a very mysterious feeling, especially the secret conversations he had with Xiao Yulan, Imperial Concubine Lian, and Xiao Ping, which made her feel that Chen Xiang was hiding many things from her.

After being a female servant for so many years, she naturally understood that there were some things that she did not know.

"You are truly a resourceful person. The princess and the Imperial Concubine Lian are all obedient to you, especially the Imperial Concubine Lian. If someone told you that they wanted to give their daughter to you, no one would believe it." What Xiao Baifeng said was the truth, she admired Chen Xiang a lot right now.

Chen Xiang smiled lightly: "Without some tricks, how would I dare trespass into this Imperial Nine Palace? Elder Sister Bai Feng, I know you are curious about a lot of things, but you don’t have to worry.

"I’m just curious. It doesn’t matter whether I know or not! To be honest, I do not wish for such a great battle to occur among the Divine Cauldron Nation, to always have a new Divine Lord, and this Divine Cauldron Nation will definitely lose a lot of strength. " Xiao Baifeng said in a dejected tone, because she was a female servant by Xiao Yulan’s side, she would definitely fight alongside Xiao Yulan at that time. She was not afraid of death, she just did not want to die like this.

"Not necessarily, Imperial Concubine Lian was just worried that the worst would happen, she did not want Jin’er to implicate her! "If you’re afraid, I’ll take you with me when the time comes. If I say it out loud, your princess will definitely agree to it." Chen Xiang laughed: "You can come back in the future."

"I don’t want to run away before the battle, the princess is my benefactor!" Xiao Baifeng shook his head.

"Do you think that with your current strength, you will be of any help to your princess? If your cultivation is at the same level as the Imperial Concubine Lian, you won’t be able to help at all. I think your Princess would definitely want you to leave. " Chen Xiang said. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

He knew that Xiao Yulan still had one more trump card, that is, to repair that mysterious cauldron well.

Inside Xiao Baifeng’s house, sat a few people. Other than Huang Jintian, Huang Yantian and Yang Tianyi, there was also a young man, and that man was Prince Xiao Ping! His old follower was standing behind him.

Chen Xiang was a little surprised that Xiao Ping would actually come.

Huang Jintian and the others were also chatting with Xiao Ping. This pair of crazy brothers had lived for god knows how many years, had seen a lot, and had a lot of things to talk about.

"Your master and the others are truly amazing. No wonder they were able to bring up such a great disciple like you." When Xiao Ping saw Chen Xiang, he immediately stood up and laughed.

Chen Xiang only smiled, and then said: "Speak from inside!"

After all, Chen Xiang’s master and seniors were all here, so it was somewhat impolite. However, when Chen Xiang returned, not only did he not greet his own master, he did not even put his own master in his eyes at all.

"Prince Ping, hurry up!" Chen Xiang was already at the door of a room.

Xiao Ping politely said to Huang Jintian and the others that he wanted to accompany them for a while, and then walked into that room. He now understood that Chen Xiang and his master were both very casual people, and did not care about etiquette at all. From this, he could tell that Chen Xiang and Huang Jintian’s relationship was extremely deep.

"I have something important to do!" Chen Xiang asked after seeing Xiao Ping lay down the barrier.

"It is more important. I have received news that after the Large Competition, all the powers will start fighting!" I never thought that our Divine Cauldron Nation would be like the other Divine Nations s in the end. " Xiao Ping sighed, "At that time, we will be fighting at the very front of the pill refining competition. After the competition is over, we will have to wait a few days to finish everything! If you’re worried that you won’t make it in time and that you won’t get involved in this dispute, you’d better leave now! "

"There’s no time to leave until the competition is over!" Chen Xiang also wanted to compete with Xiao Ping again: "I’ve already done quite a few preparations for this!"

"But don’t worry. When the time comes, I will definitely not let them harm you. I am neutral. It’s fine to protect myself." Xiao Ping patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder, and laughed: "Then from now on, you should be at ease in your preparations. Moreover, when the time comes, you must use all of your strength.

"I’ve already planned to do that! You better prepare yourself. When the time comes, don’t get humiliated and become angry because you are jealous of me. Then, you will become enemies with me! " Chen Xiang laughed out loud, "I have always been a very ruthless person when it comes to beating other people’s heart, I will not show any mercy!"

"Don’t worry about this, I’ve already been hit hard by you once!" Xiao Ping also laughed loudly. Last time he saw Chen Xiang refine Bone level Dan, it was indeed like that.

Chen Xiang and Xiao Ping walked out of the room. After Xiao Ping and Huang Jintian bid their farewell, they hurriedly left with their old follower.

The Imperial Nine Palace was going to fight, but not many people knew, only the higher ups knew!

Chen Xiang was more worried about Xue Xianxian and the others, if they wanted to repair that cauldron, it would not be that fast. However, they were going to start fighting right now, which would definitely catch Xiao Yulan off guard.

"Elder Sister Bai Feng, bring my master and the others to see Imperial Concubine Lian. I will refine pills!" Chen Xiang planned to help Xiao Baifeng refine another two batches of Bone level Dan.

"Just take this guy with you. Old Yang and I are here." Huang Jintian yawned: "When are you coming back? I’m preparing the barbecue! "

"He’ll be back soon." Just now, Chen Xiang had already sent a sound transmission to him and Huang Jintian, and had already confirmed that the Imperial Concubine Lian was indeed the Undead Heaven Spirit.

Xiao Baifeng didn’t know why Huang Yantian wanted to see the Imperial Concubine Lian, but since Chen Xiang called it that, there must be a reason. Furthermore, Huang Yantian knew how to fortune telling, she felt that the Imperial Concubine Lian must be something important.

After Huang Yantian and Xiao Baifeng left, Yue’er hurriedly asked, "It seems like a lot of things have happened.

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "The Imperial Nine Palace is about to start, after the competition, I never expected that! Originally, I had thought that the Imperial Nine Palace would be different from the masses! "

"Why did they suddenly start fighting? Do you know why? " Huang Jintian asked: "Previously I said it was wrong, but now I suddenly said it was wrong, there must be a reason behind it."

"Because the nine Divine Lord s left behind a huge treasure trove, only those who have obtained the position of Emperor can obtain clues to the treasure trove. This news was just released a moment ago, so even the powerful Great National Master joined! Those Great National Master should be very clear about what’s precious inside the treasure deposit. " Chen Xiang said.

"A treasure!" Huang Jintian’s eyes immediately lit up, and laughed: "Seems like I need to stay here for a long time!"

Yue’er smiled sweetly: "Second Master Huang, out of the nine Divine Nations s, there are nine treasures. Which one can you go to?"

"Little thing, quickly call me grandpa!" I am the big brother, that bastard is the younger brother, he is the second master. " Huang Jintian immediately shouted at Yue’er.