Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang did not immediately start to concoct the Divine Spiritual Pill, but chose to rest for an hour instead.

After resting, he checked the pill furnace to ensure that it had sufficient resistance to prevent it from exploding.

"It’s about time!" Chen Xiang took a deep breath, and controlled the four clumps of fiery-red medicinal liquid inside the pill furnace to move further and further away. After reaching a certain distance, he suddenly activated his strong mental power, and controlled the four clumps of medicinal liquid to attack each other as fast as lightning.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM! At the moment of impact, an extremely terrifying vibration was released from the pill furnace, causing it to violently tremble. Xiao Baifeng’s house also started to shake.

"Almost finished." Chen Xiang looked at the clump of medicinal liquid inside the pill furnace that was emitting a reddish-gold glow and let out a light sigh. "This won’t be considered as a complete success!"

The reason why there was such a huge explosion just now was because he wasn’t able to control himself during the impact, causing a large amount of medicinal liquid to turn into energy and radiate outwards. Hence, the amount of medicinal liquid in the pill furnace was very small, only enough for him to form two divine pills.

He had underestimated the explosive force of the impact, causing him to lose a lot of medicinal strength. Otherwise, the amount of medicinal liquid inside the pill furnace would have been even greater.

"This Heaven god fire Dan is so much stronger than the Tianhuo Dan!" Chen Xiang sighed. He had almost lost control earlier, and the pill furnace would have exploded because of that.

The quality of this pill furnace was not bad. It was considered a pretty good divine tool. However, after the explosion just now, it was slightly damaged.

The process of condensing a pill was extremely difficult, much more difficult than Chen Xiang had imagined!

"It’s hard to stick together!" Chen Xiang tried hard for a few hours but he was still only able to compress the two lumps of medicinal liquid slightly. "Infinite refining, fuse them for me!"

Chen Xiang used the Heavenly Alchemy technique with all his might and only saw the two clumps of medicinal liquid slowly spin and shrink. And by the time he refined the medicinal liquid into pills, an entire day had already passed!

He took two days to refine this batch of Heaven god fire Dan. When he walked out of the underground secret room, Xiao Baifeng and Yue’er were both in the hall.

"Have you condensed the second Bones yet?" Chen Xiang asked, at the moment he looked very haggard, the Heaven god fire Dan s he refined made him very tired. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"Un, I succeeded!" "What about you? What kind of incredible pill do you want to forge?" Xiao Baifeng smiled and nodded. Both she and Yue’er could feel the fluctuations earlier.

"Heaven god fire Dan, of course it’s a success. I’ll go and rest first, it’s just too tiring." After Chen Xiang said this, he did not wash his body, but went straight back to his room and lied down, falling into a deep sleep.

Just as he fell asleep, Imperial Concubine Lian, who was dressed simply came over. She had already come over once yesterday, but she did not see anyone here.

"Where’s the kid?" When Imperial Concubine Lian entered, he did not see Chen Xiang.

"He just finished refining the pill and went to sleep! What can I do for him? " Xiao Baifeng looked at the room that was still open.

"He’s already asleep! He asked me to buy a set of ingredients for the Divine Pill and I already bought one for him two days ago. The Imperial Concubine Lian gave Xiao Baifeng a jade box: "Tell him that he owes me another ten billion Shen Yuan stone!"

With that, the Imperial Concubine Lian left in a hurry.

"This is the Heaven god fire Dan’s divine medicine, Imperial Concubine Lian is really powerful, he could actually buy two of these so quickly." Just a moment ago, she was wondering how Chen Xiang had gotten the Heaven god fire Dan’s divine medicine, but now, she understood.

Yue’er laughed: "Elder Sister Bai Feng, you should go and get some Five elements Dan’s divine medicine for him now. He owes Imperial Concubine Lian twenty billion Shen Yuan stone."

Right now, it was best to buy the Five elements Dan’s divine medicine. Moreover, it was relatively cheaper.

"Even if he refined a batch of Five elements Dan, he would only be able to sell it for thirty million. If he wanted to gather twenty million, he would need to refine a lot of batches of Shen Yuan stone, and it would take quite a bit of time!" Xiao Baifeng said: "Looks like he can only refine Bone level Dan s to sell!"

"Intermediate rank Bone level Dan can sell for seven or eight billion, how many can he refine in one furnace?" Xiao Baifeng touched Yue’er.

"Six pills!" Yue’er said. Last time, Chen Xiang had only been able to refine four Zhongpin bone level Dan, but that was the first time he had done so.

This startled Xiao Baifeng. Intermediate quality Bone level Dan s could not get much per set, but it could be sold for that much.

Xiao Baifeng said: "Looks like I can get Imperial Concubine Lian to help me sell them. If I have six of them, I can sell them for at least 400 billion. Only Imperial Concubine Lian can sell them for this kind of method, so I might be able to sell them even more."

She knew that Chen Xiang was in a hurry, so she decided to let Chen Xiang refine Zhongpin Dan s to sell, thus she immediately bought the Bone level Dan’s divine medicine. Chen Xiang still had the Zhongpin bone level Dan’s divine medicine in his hands, but she thought Chen Xiang had used it all up.

When Chen Xiang woke up, it was already noon of the second day.

"She was given to you by the Imperial Concubine Lian. She said that you owe her another ten billion Shen Yuan stone." Xiao Baifeng gave a jade box to Chen Xiang.

After Chen Xiang accepted it, he looked inside and saw the Heaven god fire Dan’s divine medicine. He nodded.

"How?" Chen Xiang frowned.

"Sell the Zhongpin bone level Dan, give it to Imperial Concubine Lian to sell." Xiao Baifeng said: "You better go and find her now. She used twenty billion Shen Yuan stone s, and probably won’t have much left."

Chen Xiang still had three Bone level Dan s in his hands. Last time, he had tried to refine four pills in a furnace and ate one for himself, but because his physical body could not keep up with the pills, he was unable to condense a Bone level Dan.

"I’ll go find her now!" Chen Xiang said as he took the Storage bag that Xiao Baifeng handed over. There were ten batches of Zhongpin bone level Dan’s medicinal ingredients inside.

Xiao Baifeng drove Chen Xiang to Imperial Concubine Lian’s residence.

When the Imperial Concubine Lian saw Chen Xiang arriving, he asked while grinning: "Did you come to return the Shen Yuan stone?"

"No!" Chen Xiang laughed: "I haven’t seen Imperial Concubine Lian for two days, my heart was filled with longing, so I came to take a look, is that not okay?"

"Brat, I only have about ten billion Shen Yuan stone left. Hurry and return my Shen Yuan stone." Imperial Concubine Lian pouted.

Xiao Baifeng never thought that Chen Xiang’s relationship with the Imperial Concubine Lian would actually be so close, to actually dare to use words to tease the latter.

Chen Xiang walked into the Imperial Concubine Lian’s room while grinning. Originally, Xiao Baifeng wanted to stop her without her permission, but Chen Xiang pulled her and stepped into the room.

Imperial Concubine Lian also knew that Chen Xiang had some secret things that he needed to discuss with her.

"If you have something to say, just say it, I’ll find Yu Lan and borrow the Shen Yuan stone to buy the divine medicine for you!" Imperial Concubine Lian was currently trying his best to please Chen Xiang, the Alchemist who knew how to refine Bone level Dan.

"There’s no need to borrow from her!" Chen Xiang sat on her soft bed and tried to bounce off her, causing Imperial Concubine Lian to snort.