Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"There are three Zhongpin bone level Dan s!" Chen Xiang took out a jade box and casually threw it towards Imperial Concubine Lian.

"What?" When the Imperial Concubine Lian heard that it was a Zhongpin bone level Dan, she immediately took it in carefully as if it was a treasure. She opened it to take a look, and sure enough, there were three high quality Zhongpin bone level Dan s.

"It’s not like it’s difficult! "How much can you sell it for?" Chen Xiang laughed: Do you have enough to return your twenty billion?

"Enough is enough, there’s still more!" Imperial Concubine Lian hurriedly said: "Are you really willing to sell this kind of thing?"

Chen Xiang would never tell her that he could still refine many more Zhongpin bone level Dan.

"Of course I can. I can’t bear the beautiful Imperial Concubine Lian borrowing Shen Yuan stone everywhere." Chen Xiang laughed: "Alright, just sell it. Give the extra to Elder Sister Bai Feng, I’m going back to cultivate."

Just as Chen Xiang walked to the door, Imperial Concubine Lian grabbed onto his hand. Chen Xiang could feel her soft and warm hands and couldn’t help but pinch.

"Do you have a lot of these Zhongpin bone level Dan? I’m not willing to sell it! " Imperial Concubine Lian asked.

"Not much, but it’s not that hard to get. Sell it quickly!" Chen Xiang urgently needed the Heaven god fire Dan.

Xiao Baifeng said: "Imperial Concubine Lian, you don’t have to worry, Zhongpin bone level Dan are easier to obtain for him."

Imperial Concubine Lian nodded his head: "You guys can go back first, I will settle this quickly!"

... ....

Chen Xiang and Xiao Baifeng went back, while Imperial Concubine Lian went to look for Xiao Yulan immediately!

Xiao Yulan looked at the three Zhongpin bone level Dan s inside the jade box and gently frowned: "This Chen Xiang is really much more terrifying than I thought he was, he actually took out three Zhongpin bone level Dan s to sell. Luckily he did not let Bai Feng handle the matter and he definitely does not know what kind of sensation these three Zhongpin bone level Dan s would create if they were to sell!"

"So that’s why I came to find you. How many Shen Yuan stone do you plan to accept? What he needs now are divine medicines. I have already helped him buy two Shangpin medicine s, and one of them is worth more than ten billion. Who knows what kind of divine pellets he is playing with. " Imperial Concubine Lian leaned against a chair, her hands supporting her cheeks: He already gave me a few Xiaping bone level Dan s earlier, judging from his appearance, these Bone level Dan s are like beans in his eyes, maybe he even gave a few to Bai Feng girl.

"10 billion pills, I’ll buy it." Xiao Yulan laughed lightly: "You need a million and two hundred thousand Shen Yuan stone to sell to the Great National Master. No wonder you are so willing to give Jin’er to him, this brat is truly amazing. "

"Hmph, there are a lot of women by his side, Xue Xianxian and the rest definitely are! And this guy is even interested in us, mother and daughter! "You should be careful of Yu Lan..." After saying that, Imperial Concubine Lian began to giggle: "This brat is not someone who is easy to deal with. Your little girl White Phoenix is now his.

... ....

Chen Xiang returned to the secret room and immediately refined a batch of Zhongpin bone level Dan. He only managed to refine five pills, but the refining speed had increased by a lot.

"Heaven god fire Dan, I hope it will be of great help to me!"

Chen Xiang looked at the fiery-red pill in his hand. This Heaven god fire Dan was extremely beautiful, like a red gem, with many faint white glowing patterns on the surface.

After eating this Heaven god fire Dan, the medicinal power quickly erupted, and a wave of warmth immediately caused Chen Xiang’s body to feel as if it was being burned by fire, but he did not feel hot at all.

This Heaven god fire Dan was here to help condense Divine Deity, so after he consumed it, he channeled his Heavenly Alchemy and refined the medicinal power. At the same time he refined the medicinal power, the Yang energy in the surroundings immediately entered his body ...

In just an hour, all of the Yang energy in Jade Cauldron Palace was gushed towards Chen Xiang. Even the powerful light released by the blazing sun in the sky was unavoidable, all of the Yang energy being absorbed by Chen Xiang!

When the Imperial Concubine Lian and Xiao Yulan were discussing and felt the power of the Supreme Yang rush towards one direction, they both had the same thought.

"So that’s how it is. The divine medicine this kid asked me to buy earlier, was actually used to refine Heaven god fire Dan! Weird, why would Prince Ping give this pill formula to him? " Imperial Concubine Lian said: "Could it be that the Bone level Dan’s pill formula was given by Prince Ping as well?"

Xiao Yulan frowned: "It’s possible, Chen Xiang has Heavenly Alchemy, maybe he used it to exchange for the Bone level Dan’s pill formulas."

After saying that, Xiao Yulan denied his own words: "That’s not right, because the White Phoenix has been helping Chen Xiang buy the divine medicine for a long time now, and the divine medicine must have contained Bone level Dan s. Although she did it in secret, it can’t be hidden from me. He should have obtained the Bone level Dan’s pill formula very early on. "

"The Heaven god fire Dan is a very strong Shangpin dan, he hasn’t even reached the Supreme God Realm yet, is he really able to handle it?" Imperial Concubine Lian looked in Chen Xiang’s direction: "Forget it, let’s ignore him and continue!"

Xiao Baifeng and Yue’er were right above the secret room, so they felt it the most obvious.

However, Chen Xiang didn’t feel anything, he only felt that he was soaking in very comfortable hot water, and that he was sleeping comfortably. That comfortable hot water continued to rain down on his body, and as he circulated his energy, it burrowed into the inside of his body, causing him to feel very comfortable. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

This was only his current feeling, and at this moment, he was wrapped up by a ball of white Supreme Yang energy, and this ball of Supreme Yang energy crazily drilled into his body and entered his Divine Sense Sea.

"He has condensed his Divine Deity!" Chen Xiang looked at the Divine Deity which Divine Sense Sea had just condensed and was extremely excited: "This Divine Deity is as formidable as the one before!"

This was also the flame Divine Deity, all that was left was the divine soul!

"How long has it been used for?" Chen Xiang had never been able to condense Divine Deity so comfortably before, so he ate another Heaven god fire Dan. This time, what he condensed was the divine soul within his Divine Deity, and he needed a Heaven god fire Dan in order to do so.

Two Heaven god fire Dan s allowed him to condense one Divine Deity and one divine soul. When he walked out of the secret room, only Yue’er was there.

"There are only two days before the start of the competition. I thought that you wouldn’t be able to come out!" Yue’er laughed: "How are the Heaven god fire Dan’s effects?"

"Very good, I already have seven Divine Deity now. Relying on this Heaven god fire Dan, I can quickly become a Supreme God." Chen Xiang grabbed Yue’er and placed her on his palm to tease her. He liked to pinch Yue’er’s soft and fluffy stomach the most, and Yue’er didn’t like him to do that the most.

"Where’s the Elder Sister Bai Feng?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I went to buy the Bone level Dan’s medicinal ingredients for you. She had been busy with this for the past few days because she knew that it wouldn’t be that easy to obtain the divine medicine after you went back." Yue’er said: "Right now, the situation is very tense. When Imperial Concubine Lian came over earlier, she had already made Elder Sister Bai Feng ready to fight at any time, and she is also very anxious for her daughter. She couldn’t wait for you to bring Jin’er to Nine Heaven World for shelter right now."