Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang looked at the cauldron carefully. The color was green, and it looked like a bronze cauldron, but no damage could be seen. Other than the size of the cauldron, there was nothing else that made people think that this cauldron was powerful.

"Where is it broken?" Chen Xiang walked over and asked. When Xue Xianxian and the others heard Chen Xiang’s voice, they immediately looked over.

"Brother, why are you here?" Dongfang Jing hurriedly asked, smiling sweetly at Chen Xiang.

"A big part of it was originally broken on the outside, but now we have repaired it!" But the worst of it is the inside. " Liu Meng’er sighed: "Although it can be repaired, it will take a long time."

Chen Xiang came to the bottom of the cauldron, and touched the pillar sized cauldron foot, and immediately frowned: "What a familiar energy!"

"What is this energy?" Xiao Yulan was shocked, and immediately asked: "I still can’t figure out what kind of energy this is!"

Xue Xianxian said: "This type of energy is extremely strange, as if it was formed by containing all the elemental energy in the world."

Dongfang Xinyue nodded his head: "I tried to absorb a little bit. There are all kinds of attributed energy, but this requires a body to have the ability to control all sorts of attributed energy. If one knows how to use the power of space, they can also transform this energy into a very strong power of space."

"This is the Six Realms’ Power!" Chen Xiang frowned: "This cauldron is the same as the Six Realms mirrors, it can produce an extremely terrifying Six Realms’ Power. If my guess is not wrong, this cauldron should be called the Six Realms Ding!"

As he said that, he took out the Six Realms mirrors and released a very strong Six Realms’ Power. Sensing this kind of energy, Xue Xianxian, Xiao Yulan and the rest of the girls were immediately shocked.

"The six Divine Lord’s Six Realms mirrors have been completely repaired?" Xiao Yulan was shocked: "I heard that you have it, but the news is that the Six Realms mirrors is severely damaged, and it does not have any power in your hands!"

Chen Xiang kept the Six Realms mirrors well and sneered: "That’s because you’ve been tricked, and because someone wanted to take the Six Realms mirrors for himself, this news spread, and the Six Realms mirrors is almost completely healed. Furthermore, I don’t usually use it much."

"Six Realms mirrors have the power to repair itself, this is because they have absorbed a large amount of the six paths of energy, if this is really a Six Realms Ding, then we can perhaps use the Six Realms mirrors to repair themselves." Liu Meng’er replied: "It’s just that we don’t have much time left."

"Forget it. I’ve already made the worst case scenario. No matter what, I can’t let you get involved in this battle." Xiao Yulan sighed, then said to Liu Meng’er and the others: "You can go back now, do you want me to send you off, or follow Chen Xiang?"

"Follow him!" Liu Meng’er said.

Xiao Yulan had actually already merged with the Six Realms Ding. She could control the cauldron to become smaller and larger, like a palm. She passed it to Liu Meng’er.

Xiao Yulan hadn’t told Liu Meng’er and the others about this matter before, so they were extremely shocked now.

"I have already spoken to Chen Xiang. If I die, he will use this cauldron to help me take revenge, and if I am still alive, he will hand it over to me." Xiao Yulan said in a serious tone.

"Sister Yulan, don’t worry!" We will definitely fix it and let this little scoundrel bring it back to you! " Xue Xianxian said.

"Yu Lan, you’re so strong, you definitely won’t die. Don’t say that." Liu Meng’er held Xiao Yulan’s hand, encouraging her.

Xiao Yulan laughed, "Looks like I really am not fit to be a Divine Lord. Even at this time, I’m still hanging my head in dejection." She looked at Chen Xiang. This was what Chen Xiang had said to her before.

"Indeed. If it’s Sister Qilian and Sister Hui Shan, their performances would be completely different from yours." Chen Xiang shrugged his shoulders, looked at Liu Meng’er, and smiled: "Elder Sister Meng’er was also a female emperor in a mortal country in the past, look at her, she’s just different from you."

Towards this kind of fight between Divine Kings, small fries like Chen Xiang and the rest would not even have any use, so they did not say anything polite like helping out.

Liu Meng’er and the others entered Chen Xiang’s ring. After entering, Dongfang Xinyue clamored about wanting to refine this ring from a new beginning. They were all so strong now, and this ring was something that was a long time ago.

"Princess Yu Lan, I want to take Elder Sister Bai Feng away! I don’t think there’s much point in her staying here, but this woman is very stubborn and will follow you no matter what. " Chen Xiang caressed the ring: "My Nine Heaven World also needs a female Ranker, and the time there is different. When you meet her next time, maybe she will already have caught up to you guys."

"I will order her to go with you!" Xiao Yulan also felt that being the best for Xiao Baifeng. Even though Xiao Baifeng was a thirty Divine Deity Great Saint, if a great battle were to break out at that time, she would very likely be killed.

Chen Xiang and Imperial Concubine Lian returned to Xiao Baifeng’s house with Xiao Yulan’s "command". When Xiao Baifeng saw this command, she scolded Chen Xiang a little.

"Bai Feng, you go back with him. Help me take care of Jin’er! If we really lose, then only you can help us take revenge. " Imperial Concubine Lian touched Xiao Baifeng’s face: "I’m with Yulan, you don’t have to be too worried."

"I got it!" Xiao Baifeng clenched his fists tightly.

In order to make it easier to leave, Chen Xiang allowed Xiao Jin’er to enter the ring. This way, it could make Xiao Jin’er less afraid of living, and Xue Xianxian and the others treated people extremely well.

This morning, Huang Jintian, Huang Yantian and the others had all come. They were worried that something would happen to Chen Xiang, so they decided to end the competition to protect Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang, Huang Jintian and the rest got on Xiao Baifeng’s carriage and entered the huge square. The first thing they did was to refine pills, and the next thing to do was to compete with array formations and artifact forging, and finally, it was to compete with each other!

Before, he had promised Chen Xiang that as long as Chen Xiang was willing to compete with him to the end, he would let his master, Great National Master, keep him safe. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Previously, there were many first-tier Divine Kings who had withdrawn from the struggle for the throne. However, after knowing that there were treasures of the Divine Nations s, they all joined in, and there were even some who had joined together in secret. This was because there were many treasures of the Divine Nations’s treasures, and at that time, it would already be good if they could obtain a small part of them.

There were many people, around a hundred thousand of them, but Chen Xiang was unable to find the location of those first-tier Divine Kings, nor was he able to sense their auras. And the people he saw now, were just a few small fries, as well as Alchemist participating in the competition.