Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang never thought that Xiao Ping would use the Time Formation to buy more time. It wasn’t strange for Xiao Ping to have this thing, Chen Xiang had already used it before, with his status, it would be too easy to obtain it! If that was the case, then Xiao Ping must have improved by a lot.

Since he had already agreed to the gamble, Chen Xiang could not go back on his word now. Therefore, he could not lose, or else he would have to give up the Divine Deity that he painstakingly condensed.

"All of you should have received your divine medicines. Then, let’s prepare to begin." Xiang Hongdao swept his eyes across the participants.

The pill furnace that Chen Xiang had taken out right now was the one that Xue Xianxian and the others had given him. It was not exactly a good pill furnace, but it was currently his only best one. Previously, Xue Xianxian and Liu Meng’er had said that they would help him refine a better one, and even asked for the ingredients from him.

Chen Xiang had refined a batch of Tianhuo Dan before, and although it had exploded in the end, it could be said to be successful. Now, he was even more confident that he would be able to concoct a batch of Tianhuo Dan like last time.

After Xiang Hongdao announced the start of the competition, all the pill gods took the time to refine the Tianhuo Dan based on the pill formulas.

Chen Xiang looked at Xiao Ping. Xiao Ping was still refining the pill according to the recipe, and it could be seen from the step in which he placed the divine medicine in, but he would not underestimate Xiao Ping because of this!

Only the steps of his refinement were different from those of the other alchemy gods. He threw the divine medicine directly into the furnace and started the incinerating process! Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Regarding this, many Pill God knew that many people had seen it the last time Chen Xiang and Xiao Ping competed in the preliminaries.

This method of refinement was obviously not a common method. In other words, one did not need to follow the instructions in the pill formula, as long as the divine medicine was correct, everything would be fine!

The time limit was also very short. Before, Chen Xiang had used a lot of time to refine this Tianhuo Dan, but he felt that success now wasn’t a problem. He had the experience from before, and the pill furnace this time was much better than last time!

Therefore, Chen Xiang didn’t plan on competing with Xiao Ping’s speed right now, as long as he maintained a stable pace, produced more pills and had higher quality pills. Of course, he would also need to complete it within the specified time.

Not long after it started, Chen Xiang saw that the other Pill Gods had failed! Although the standard to pass this stage was very high, if one failed, they could start from the time they received new medicinal herbs. Everyone was allowed to fail five times! As long as it was completed within five hours.

Chen Xiang felt that he had a lot of time, so he was not worried at all. He could not rush it when he was refining pills, if he was relieved, it would lead to a huge mistake!

"Concentrate your efforts. This time, not only will we compete against Xiao Ping, but we’ll also surpass my previous match!" Last time when Chen Xiang refined the Tianhuo Dan, the conditions weren’t very good. Not only was the pill furnace not good, it was the first time it was being refined, so he felt that there was still a lot of room for improvement.

Chen Xiang used the Dao heart Eye and looked inside his own furnace. Right now, his eyes were only focused on his own furnace, he completely ignored everything outside.

The divine medicines in the pill furnace had become even after he used the Strong Spirit Method. When he used the Dao heart Eye, he could clearly see the strengths and weaknesses of the various divine medicines, so it was very easy for him to control the balance.

At this time, Xiao Ping was also very serious. A few of the pill furnaces at the scene had already exploded, but he couldn’t disturb Chen Xiang and Xiao Ping! They looked as if they were immersed in their own world, but in their own world, there were only pill furnaces. Everything else didn’t seem to exist.

This state was also the peak state of the Alchemist in the Alchemist! Seeing the two of them being so serious, Xiang Hongdao secretly nodded his head. At this moment, he was also very serious about watching the changes happening inside Chen Xiang’s furnace.

Chen Xiang’s pill furnace was not a very good one, but it could prevent others from peeping at it, but it couldn’t prevent Xiang Hongdao who was close to the peak of his pill god from having it.

Xiang Hongdao could clearly see all the changes happening inside Chen Xiang’s pill furnace.

"I have been refining the divine medicine since the beginning. Although the flames are very strong during the refining process, there is a certain flexibility within the flames. This flexibility will not allow the divine medicine to produce a strong resistance!" As Xiang Hongdao watched, he analyzed the situation. He knew that Chen Xiang was using the Heavenly Alchemy, so he wanted to learn from it.

"Strange, even so, we can’t let the divine medicine calm down like this. What kind of method did he use?" Xiang Hongdao continued to pry with rapt attention. He did not know the secrets of the Original source refining that Chen Xiang had created, so of course he would not be able to understand it.

Just when Xiang Hongdao was at a loss, he was once again shocked. It was already very strange for those divine medicines to be so calmly refined into medicinal liquids, but after the various divine medicines turned into medicinal liquids, they actually fused together so easily.

"What is this? How did it turn purple? " Xiang Hongdao was inside the pill furnace so he could not immediately see the purple light emitted by the magical medicine when it changed.

It was Chen Xiang’s second time refining a Tianhuo Dan, but he did not expect that there would be a change just like the last time! This allowed him to be certain that the change was definitely not by chance and definitely had something to do with his Chuangzao fire.

However, this time, Chen Xiang had experience from last time, so he handled it very well. He did not let the medicinal Qi leak out during the process, as he had skipped quite a bit last time.

After the Shangpin medicine was refined, it would turn into medicine, and the quality would become much stronger than the Zhongpin Dan. And at this moment, after the purplish-red medicine was fused together, it burst out a strong light within the pill furnace, like a purplish-red scorching sun.

"It actually changed!" Xiang Hongdao was after all the number one Pill God of the Divine Cauldron Nation, and he also knew about the changes that had occurred, which greatly shocked him. Even though he had refined the mutated Divine Medicines before, he was still a minority, and did not expect that he would be able to see with his own eyes the changes that the other Pill Gods underwent while refining the mutated Divine Medicines.

The fusion of the mutated medicinal liquid was very stable for a moment, and did not produce any huge fluctuations. This was only because Chen Xiang controlled it with all his might, and only then was it stable, because if huge fluctuations were generated, it would cause the energy of the medicinal liquid to drain away. As long as the medicinal liquid erupted and vibrated, it would consume a lot of energy, and the energy would also pass through the pill furnace.

In just an hour, Chen Xiang had progressed to this stage, which made Xiang Hongdao extremely shocked. He couldn’t see through the Heavenly Alchemy any longer, and although he had heard of it before, the Heavenly Alchemy Chen Xiang displayed now was very different from what he had heard. It was completely not the Heavenly Alchemy that he recognized.

Chen Xiang didn’t think that he was fast, because from his point of view, refining high quality Tianhuo Dan had only just begun!