Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

High-grade divine medicine, King grade and heaven rank medicine, required a very high age to mature. It would need at least several hundred thousand years, and some would take up to a million years to mature.

But Six Realms God Cup s, along with Spirit seed s, could speed up the maturation process. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Previously, when he, Lv Qilian and the pill refining team were cultivating in the Time Formation, they had already tried to concoct high quality divine medicine, but it was to no avail.

Later, after Lv Qilian and Feng Yujie discussed it over, they concluded that the limit of the purple pearl could only be matured by Shangpin medicine, but it could still replicate higher quality divine medicine. It just needed a large number of purple pearls.

Chen Xiang only saw Six Realms God Cup here, and did not find any other treasures. He suspected that they were all in the hands of the Black Stone Divine Venerable and he placed the Six Realms God Cup here to absorb the energy in the Core of the Earth, allowing it to speed up the ripening of high-grade divine medicines.

"This jade table can actually produce such a rich energy, is there something underneath?" Chen Xiang shook the jade table. It was actually very heavy, and even after using most of his strength, he was unable to move it.

"As expected, there must be some secret behind this." Chen Xiang took a deep breath, and used the strength of his Divine Deity to finally move the jade table.

The jade table was being sucked in by a force, so it was difficult for him to move it away. Now that he had moved it away, a very rich and pure energy gushed out.

This was the energy of the earth’s core.

Chen Xiang had stayed in the Core of the Nine Heaven World before, so only the Core of the Earth could produce such power.

There was a hole at the bottom of the jade table. He waited for the force of the gush to lessen, then jumped in.

Below was the belly of the mountain. It was a very spacious area, and in the air floated three very small balls of light. At this moment, these three balls of light were enveloped by a very large black ball of light.

"That’s why it’s dark. I didn’t expect there to be such a formation that can control the night and day." Chen Xiang took out his Heavenly magic sword and jumped into the air, then slashed at the black ball.

Boom.

The gigantic black ball wasn’t very hard at all. Chen Xiang used the Meteor immortal power and hacked it into pieces.

"Chen Xiang, did you do it?" Xiao Yulan immediately asked through the power of the Consecutive Mind Pellet.

"Yes, dawn has arrived." Chen Xiang laughed: Take advantage of the situation and kill that bastard, only by killing him will we be able to leave this damn place, if not with him around, we won’t be able to leave this place easily.

... ....

As Huang Jintian and the others fought, the sky suddenly became bright. He and Huang Yantian had been dealing with Black Stone Divine Venerable, and they knew that Black Stone Divine Venerable had left many times, but these two brothers were not weak. They used their Sky Spill Divine Powers together and released their Sky Spill Domain to trap the Black Stone Divine Venerable.

Previously, Xiao Yulan had told them twice that it was Chen Xiang who wanted to delay the Black Stone Divine Venerable, so they did as he said.

It was already dawn, and they could see how flustered and exasperated the Black Stone Divine Venerable was. Huang Jintian and the others immediately understood that the Black Stone Divine Venerable knew that Chen Xiang was messing things up, so they wanted to return quickly, but were dragged along.

After daybreak, the Black Stone Divine Venerable’s power had indeed dropped by a lot.

"Little girl, this guy is afraid of your cauldron. Go deal with him." Huang Jintian said, and regardless of whether Xiao Yulan agreed, Huang Yantian immediately ran over and released a Sky Spill Domain, imprisoning the six of them inside.

There were eight of them in front of Xiao Yuanbing. After Chen Xiang and Yue’er had secretly attacked, they had killed two of them. Xiao Yulan’s Six Realms Ding had become very strong, and two of them had been injured by her just now.

"Alright, you guys be careful."

Xiao Yulan immediately went over to Huang Jintian’s side and handed the situation over to him. Huang Yantian did not need to beat them up, he only needed to trap them for a while.

"Damned woman, don’t think that my blackstone only has this much ability." The Black Stone Divine Venerable was furious. His pill furnace had been destroyed by Chen Xiang, his Six Realms God Cup stolen by Chen Xiang, and the night had been destroyed by Chen Xiang. He was extremely regretful that he had not been personally refined by Chen Xiang previously.

Black Stone Divine Venerable roared. Black Qi surged from his body, his eyes turned red, and a bitter killing intent surged out, enveloping everyone present, causing them to be extremely terrified.

"This guy ..." He’s transforming. " Huang Jintian replied: "He’s a beast."

Xiao Yulan shouted. Her body shone with a white light, and the white jade Six Realms Ding had already become as big as a small mountain. It floated in the air, continuously rotating.

At the same time, streams of white light shot out like arrows of light towards Black Stone Divine Venerable.

The black aura on Black Stone Divine Venerable’s body suddenly exploded, producing a wave of energy that shattered the light arrows released by the Six Realms Divine Palace.

After the black qi exploded, Black Stone Divine Venerable had turned into a beast. He was actually a very large ape with a body full of black stones.

"All of you must die." Black Stone Divine Venerable’s voice became hoarse and low. He looked at Xiao Yulan’s Six Realms Ding, then opened his mouth and spat out a black light.

Xiao Yulan immediately infused more power into the Six Realms Ding, allowing it to unleash even more power.

When the black light hit the Six Realms Ding, it caused it to shake violently.

The white light that had gathered outside the divine furnace began to explode. The light scattered in all directions, and when a fist-sized ball of light landed on the ground, it created a very large crater.

The black light that was sprayed out by Black Stone Divine Venerable’s mouth was blocked, but the black light did not stop, smashing into a large mountain range in the distance, only letting out a loud explosion that shook the entire sky, a large group of black devils like water waves rippled out, and the countless gigantic mountains that spanned tens of thousands of miles were pushed back by the black ripples in the blink of an eye.

"This guy has become much stronger." Huang Jintian said. Although he was also powerful, he was not a combat type, he was only a Sky Spill Master, and he did not have any powerful divine weapons by his side.

Xiao Yulan controlled the divine furnace to produce eight of them, which struck from all directions towards Black Stone Divine Venerable’s head.

Although Black Stone Divine Venerable had turned into a giant ape, his movements were extremely nimble. He quickly waved his fists, and knocked away the eight cauldrons.

"The six people over there, if you want the treasures here, then come with me. There is a very terrifying weapon hidden here. As long as you can obtain it, we can easily kill them." The furious Black Stone Divine Venerable recovered his sense and spoke to Xiao Yuanbing and the others. Then, he spat out a ray of black light towards Huang Yantian, shattering that Sky Spill Domain.

"Come here." Black Stone Divine Venerable knew that Xiao Yulan and the others were not easy to deal with, and now was the time to need a strong helper.

Xiao Yuanshan and the others had lost two people, and they were even heavily injured. Since Xiao Yulan’s Six Realms Divine Palace had become so powerful, he could already defeat them.

And the Black Stone Divine Venerable was so terrifying, they needed this kind of help as well.

Xiao Yuanshan and the others immediately rushed over, Black Stone Divine Venerable’s mouth constantly shot out powerful black light at Xiao Yulan, preventing Xiao Yulan from attacking Xiao Yuanshan and the others.

Black Stone Divine Venerable released a ball of black aura that enveloped Xiao Yuanshan and the others before coldly saying: "Remember this, I will definitely let you live a life worse than death."

After that, the ball of black aura disappeared, as did Black Stone Divine Venerable and Xiao Yuanshan.

Yue’er brought Imperial Concubine Lian and Xiao Hongque out of the spatial crack, and Yue’er said seriously: "This is a Core Evil beast, it’s extremely scary. The Earthly beast generally guard a world, and the Core Evil beast want to swallow this world, and become the god that rules the world."