Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Huang Jintian and the other two brothers suddenly realised that Chen Xiang’s strength had increased a lot, and they felt that Chen Xiang was even stronger than them!

They had not been separated from Chen Xiang for long, and Chen Xiang had been taken away by the Black Stone Divine Venerable not long ago.

"Why don’t they seem to be fighting?" asked. nine Divine Lords and Black Stone Divine Venerable were only standing in an empty area, as if they were talking about something. They didn’t dare to let their divine soul get too close for fear of being discovered.

"These guys are waiting for the Chuangshi artifact to come out. Now that the Chuangshi artifact has come out, there’s only one left, so they are currently discussing who it should be." Huang Yantian laughed: "They have been discussing for a long time, it is probably useless, they will definitely start a fight in the end, we just need to wait here."

Chen Xiang frowned: "Where is the Chuangshi artifact? Why can’t I see it? " Although the nine Divine Lords was quite a distance away from him, his eyes could see very far. Adding to the fact that there was a wave of divine soul approaching, he could see quite clearly.

He could see the nine Divine Lords and the Black Stone Divine Venerable, but he did not see the Chuangshi artifact that was born.

"On the ground between them, the Chuangshi artifact was initially a translucent black ball, but now that it has returned to the ground, it has been sealed by them. The Chuangshi artifact will run everywhere, they are worried that the lake will run away, so they can only seal it for now, and wait for the conclusion to be discussed before the seal can be unsealed. " Huang Jintian said.

Chen Xiang’s heart itched and he asked: "What exactly is that Chuangshi artifact? Could it be a black ball? "

"Of course it’s not a black ball. We didn’t even see what it is! Right inside the black ball, the black ball is translucent. It should be a natural barrier that can protect the Chuangshi artifact. "

After Huang Yantian finished speaking, he suddenly said excitedly: "They have reached a conclusion. They plan to leave the place where the Chuangshi artifact is and undo the seal, allowing the Chuangshi artifact to fly out by itself, and then fight with their own strength."

Sure enough, Chen Xiang saw that both nine Divine Lords and nine Divine Lords had retreated, and only stopped after they were more than 1000 feet away from the slightly protruding area.

The ten of them used their powers together to undo the seal. A black shadow suddenly emerged from the center of the seal.

At the same time, nine Divine Lords and the others used their fastest speeds to fly toward the black shadow!

"It’s mine!" A middle-aged man dressed in blue laughed out loud. He actually caught the black ball. He was only a bit faster than the others because after unlocking the seal, the black ball flew towards him.

Their speed was about the same. If the black ball was the closest, then it meant that someone could obtain it!

The blue-clothed man saw that something was wrong and waved his hand. A giant purple cauldron appeared, and he immediately stood on top of it, controlling the purple cauldron to fly out, crashing into a path and escaping from the encirclement.

"You can’t be so shameless, we already agreed on that!" At the same time, he shattered the black ball in his hand. After a flash of black light, a bronze furnace appeared.

"It looks like the material is the same as my Six Realms Ding!" The blue-robed middle-aged man immediately poured his divine power into the small stove, and it immediately flashed with white light.

"This guy should be a Divine Cauldron Supreme Lord. I never thought that the Chuangshi artifact would fall into his hands." Chen Xiang said. When he saw the purple cauldron, he was sure that Divine Cauldron Supreme Lord only had a cauldron.

After the Divine Cauldron Supreme Lord poured his divine power into the Chuangshi artifact, he shouted in shock: "As expected of the Chuangshi artifact, so it’s a furnace that can refine many powerful stars, the Chuangshi god furnace!"

The other nine people were extremely jealous, especially Black Stone Divine Venerable, because he was an alchemist so he wanted to obtain this Chuangshi god furnace the most.

An old man wearing a golden robe thrusted his spear towards Divine Cauldron Supreme Lord like a bolt of golden lightning, his speed was extremely fast!

"You want to steal it?" Divine Cauldron Supreme Lord opened the lid of the exquisite pill furnace, and a burst of fire surged out.

The golden robed elder was enveloped by the ball of flames and could not help but cry out in pain, "Xiao Yan, you bastard, you want to kill me?"

The golden robed elder who was enveloped in flames flashed with a gold light, shaking off the flames released by the Chuangshi god furnace, and the clothes on his body had already been burnt to pieces, his hair was also burnt to ashes, the skin on his face was burnt to a crisp, he looked very sinister.

When the scattered flames landed on the ground, they actually began to spread like wildfire. Even if they were made of stone or sand, they could still be burned. In just a few blinks of an eye, the empty space they were in had turned into a sea of fire.

"You’re the one who came to steal it. You’re courting death, it’s none of my business!" Xiao Yan laughed out loud: "Now, you all have seen how powerful the Chuangshi god furnace is, if you have the guts, come and try, let me see just how strong the Chuangshi artifact is!"

Black Stone Divine Venerable suddenly roared, his body releasing black Qi, constantly expanding. Very quickly, he turned into a giant black furred ape.

"In that case, as long as I kill you, this Chuangshi god furnace is mine!" Black Stone Divine Venerable had already decided that she would obtain Xiao Yan’s Chuangshi god furnace no matter what!

Xiao Yan kept his purple cauldron. Just now, he had only used the Chuangshi god furnace to release the flames, and that had caused a Divine Lord to suffer. He had already an initial understanding of the Chuangshi god furnace’s power, so he was extremely confident in this.

The other eight Divine Lord s immediately left the battlefield, but they did not move far away. It was very difficult for them to obtain Chuangshi god furnace s as well.

Therefore, the other eight Divine Lord s were all waiting for an opportunity to take it while both of them were injured.

"This Chuangshi god furnace is truly a good item. If I were to obtain it, I will be able to refine a divine pill to my heart’s content." Chen Xiang was also ready to make a move, and was waiting for an opportunity.

"If there really is a chance, we brothers will help you." Huang Jintian laughed.

"Alright!"

The Black Stone Divine Venerable had turned into a beast, with power that belonged to a bandit. Huang Jintian and Xiao Yulan had experienced it before.

"This place has always been my territory. You bunch of outsiders, take away the treasure that should have belonged to me. It is only natural for me to take it back now." When Black Stone Divine Venerable finished speaking, he spat out a ray of black light that flew towards Xiao Yan.

Black Stone Divine Venerable originally only needed to wait a while to get the Chuangshi artifact, but who knew that Chen Xiang would come and ruin a lot of his plans. Now that there were nine extremely strong Divine Lord and one of them even snatched away the Chuangshi god furnace, he became even more furious.

Xiao Yan had always been using cauldrons, so he felt that it would be better if he used this cauldron. Seeing that the other party was attacking him, he immediately controlled the small cauldron to become larger.

The black light that Black Stone Divine Venerable spat out was very strong, but when it hit the Chuangshi god furnace, it was as if it fell into a bottomless pit. There was no reaction at all, it looked like it was being absorbed by the Chuangshi god furnace.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels