Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Huang Jintian had seen how terrifying the black light that the Black Stone Divine Venerable spat out was. When he saw that the Chuangshi god furnace had easily blocked it, he immediately exclaimed in shock.

"This thing is really scary, it’s not even inferior to fighting!" Huang Jintian praised: "If we use it to refine pills, I wonder what would happen. Xiao Yan also said just now, that more than ten Earth-stage Stars s here were refined by Chuangshi god furnace!"

When the Black Stone Divine Venerable saw that his attacks were ineffective, he was secretly shocked in his heart. This made him want to kill the Chuangshi god furnace even more!

Xiao Yan’s smile became even happier. He already knew that Xiao Yuanbing had died, and even the Emperor Ding that he had given to Xiao Yuanbing had been destroyed. This was because Chuangshi god furnace s were much more powerful than Six Realms Ding s.

"Don’t be complacent!" The Black Stone Divine Venerable’s hands suddenly flashed with black light, and a gigantic black long rod appeared, sweeping towards the Chuangshi god furnace that had grown in size.

Clang!

The Chuangshi god furnace was hit hard by the long rod, causing a burst of fire to splash out, followed by balls of fire that splashed onto the ground, like stars falling to the ground, shaking the ground, forming huge craters.

"Hmph, my long rod was forged from the fusion of a 9-star Earth Core!" Seeing that his black pole was effective, Black Stone Divine Venerable smashed it towards him again.

Just then, Xiao Yan also felt a little pressure. The Chuangshi god furnace had already been moved by the black long rod, and it could be seen that the long rod was very strong.

"So what if the Geocentric Refinement was done? I’ll melt you down just the same. " Xiao Yan controlled the Chuangshi god furnace in front of him.

The long black staff smashed down, leaving a black line in the air. The strong pressure caused the flames on the ground to be extinguished.

Clang!

The long rod struck the top of the Chuangshi god furnace, causing a powerful shockwave. This was released by the Chuangshi god furnace, it was a very hot wave of air, causing the ground to heat up, making one feel as if they were in a furnace.

Facing the Black Stone Divine Venerable’s heavy blow, the Chuangshi god furnace still managed to block it. Xiao Yan was even more pleased with himself, as he knew clearly that if he were to use his Six Realms Ding, the power behind those two sticks would not have been stopped so easily.

After the Chuangshi god furnace was hit, a flame suddenly shot out from the furnace mouth, wrapped around Black Stone Divine Venerable’s long rod, and then spread onto his body.

Black Stone Divine Venerable roared, his gigantic body shook, all the flames were blown away, the flames released by the Chuangshi god furnace made him feel a huge threat.

"The Chuangshi god furnace is mine!" The staff in Black Stone Divine Venerable’s hand suddenly grew larger, releasing a dense black Qi.

The sky darkened, allowing Black Stone Divine Venerable’s strength to increase!

"The chance is coming, this guy might really be able to deal with Xiao Yan." Chen Xiang had already started to circulate his spatial energy, and had Yue’er help him in the dark. Although he was very far from the battlefield, he had a strong spatial energy that could travel in an instant, and be faster than the other eight Divine Lord s.

The sky quickly turned dark and the long rod in Black Stone Divine Venerable’s hands seemed to have merged with the darkness, silently sweeping towards the Chuangshi god furnace!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The Black Stone Divine Venerable’s huge rod swept towards the Chuangshi god furnace from the side, causing the Chuangshi god furnace to release a burst of intense flames and explode with a loud bang.

Xiao Yan’s face changed drastically as he spat out a mouthful of blood. The Chuangshi god furnace had been beaten to the point of losing contact with him!

The Chuangshi god furnace flashed as it was sent flying like a fireball!

"It’s mine!" Chen Xiang was extremely nervous as he immediately teleported to surround the huge Chuangshi god furnace.

The other eight Divine Lord s moved extremely quickly, but they were still a little too slow. When they were only about thirty meters away from the Chuangshi god furnace, Chen Xiang had already grabbed onto it!

"Chen Xiang!" Black Stone Divine Venerable roared, his long rod suddenly grew bigger, and smashed down from afar.

Chen Xiang immediately teleported away. He was already very far away from the battlefield, the black longstaff was like a gigantic pillar that fell from the sky, the air around the eight Divine Lord s were all overturned from the impact.

"Quickly seal the space. That kid knows how to use the power of space ..." Black Stone Divine Venerable understood Chen Xiang very well, but before he could finish, he could not sense his Qi.

"Bastard, we’ve been busy for so long, and in the end, it was actually obtained by this brat. If we knew earlier, we wouldn’t have let him roam freely in the Nine Heaven World." Of course they had heard of Chen Xiang’s rumors, it was just that they had never taken him seriously.

Right now, the most furious people were Xiao Yan and Black Stone Divine Venerable. Xiao Yan had originally already gotten the Chuangshi artifact, but Black Stone Divine Venerable actually threw it flying, letting Chen Xiang take it away!

The Black Stone Divine Venerable had a huge grudge with Chen Xiang, and he was about to get the Chuangshi artifact, but he didn’t expect Chen Xiang to suddenly appear.

After Chen Xiang obtained the Chuangshi god furnace, he immediately teleported to the side of Huang Jintian and, then took them away, leaving this battlefield far behind!

"If I had been any slower, the space would have been sealed by them. I would have been beaten up by the nine Divine Lords and myself." Chen Xiang looked at the little bronze furnace in his hands and laughed: "In the end, the Chuangshi artifact still fell into my, Chen Xiang’s, hands. That group of idiots, haha ..."

Chen Xiang grinned from ear to ear, and Huang Jintian and Huang Yantian were happy for him.

"How do we get out of this place? You have already obtained the treasure! " Huang Jintian patted Chen Xiang’s head: "Don’t laugh, let’s go first before we laugh. This is still Black Stone Divine Venerable’s territory."

Chen Xiang looked carefully at the Chuangshi god furnace, and suddenly realized that there was a dent at the center of the Chuangshi god furnace’s lid, where something was supposed to be placed.

He immediately thought of the green pearl! The green pearl that made him and the Heavenly magic sword suddenly become very strong was actually a part of the Chuangshi god furnace, and it even seemed to be very important.

"I understand!" Chen Xiang did not answer Huang Jintian’s question but he could not help but grin. He already knew what the green bead he got was.

Therefore, the most important part of the Chuangshi god furnace had already merged with his body. Even though it had separated from the Chuangshi god furnace, as long as they were together, they were still one whole! ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

"Only I can unleash the power of the Chuangshi god furnace!" Chen Xiang laughed happily, "We will be able to leave very quickly!"

Chen Xiang fiddled with the Chuangshi god furnace, and after a while, the Chuangshi god furnace began to slightly tremble, releasing a very strong heat. Huang Jintian who was at the side was shocked, and immediately ran far away, afraid that the Chuangshi god furnace would release even more power.

"What are you doing?" asked as he had already hidden far away.

"I’m borrowing this Chuangshi god furnace to open up a spatial passageway so I can leave this place!" Chen Xiang said. The energy he used to fuse with the green pearl had already fused with him, so when he used the Chuangshi god furnace, he allowed it to unleash an even stronger power. Just a moment ago, it was infused with a bit of divine power, the heat emitted by the Chuangshi god furnace was already extremely terrifying.

"So powerful!" When can we leave? " Huang Jintian asked: "I’m worried that those guys will catch up to us!"