Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

C2226

Long Huishan saw that there were so many of them, and the Evil Demon was so dense, it meant that the Evil beast and demons were not weak, their bodies were all strong!

"Chen Xiang, can you really handle it?" Long Huishan asked while looking at Chen Xiang, who was very calm now.

"Of course not. Try out the treasure I just got. It should be enough to deal with this group of things." Chen Xiang took out his Chuangshi god furnace and laughed.

The Chuangshi god furnace had become very small because of Chen Xiang, and in the center of his palm, it looked like a small cyan pill furnace.

Chen Xiang opened the lid and said: "Wait a moment, don’t rush over. Just wait and see.

"Go!" After Chen Xiang warned them, he activated the Chuangshi god furnace. The Chuangshi god furnace suddenly grew in size and floated in the air, suddenly trembling violently, spitting out a large fireball from the mouth of the furnace.

After the fireballs flew towards the forest, they suddenly exploded and turned into balls of small flames that scattered out. Under Chen Xiang’s control, these small flames were like small spirits that flew around randomly, and after a small portion of it landed on the ground, it immediately ignited into a raging flame, burning up the soil and stones.

In the blink of an eye, the forest in front of them was engulfed in flames. The temperature of the flames were extremely terrifying, and Long Huishan and the other girls, who were still quite a distance away from the forest, were all drenched in sweat from the heat.

The most terrifying part of the fire released by the Chuangshi god furnace was that the flame could automatically absorb the energy between heaven and earth to maintain its burning, and in the forest, the evil fiend was so thick, after being absorbed by the flames, the fire became even more intense, the fire’s momentum became as high as three hundred meters, and those flying Evil beast in the air, even though they were not within the flames, they still continued to fall, and on top of the flames, they were roasted even more fiercely.

Not long later, Chen Xiang and the others no longer felt any more evil spirits, and the flames also gradually weakened!

"Amazing, there’s no need to fight anymore!" Leng Youlan exclaimed: "Big bro, that little furnace of yours is really scary. When you release flames of this level, you instantly incinerate the great army of Hell Devil Emperor."

Long Huishan said: "It should be because he is very strong. Otherwise, he would not be able to condense such a strong flame with that small furnace!"

"Who is it!" A dozen black figures suddenly swooped down from the sky. They were Hell Devil Emperor and a dozen black robed men.

Seeing Hell Devil Emperor, Long Huishan and the others all took out their divine weapons, ready to fight.

"Chen Xiang! It’s you again, little bastard. " The Hell Devil Emperor was very angry, but he did not immediately rush over. Chen Xiang must have been very powerful to be able to release that kind of flame.

Chen Xiang chuckled: "Hell Devil Emperor, you’re still the same, you can’t accomplish anything big!"

"Aren’t you the one who stopped them?" Hell Devil Emperor said angrily: "Today, I must kill you. I actually destroyed my great opportunity."

"Don’t worry, in the future, you will not be stopped by me anymore, because you will quickly become a dead man." Chen Xiang laughed coldly, he suddenly disappeared, and in the next moment, he was in front of Hell Devil Emperor, grabbing his neck. After Hell Devil Emperor was grabbed by Chen Xiang, he was unable to move even an inch. At this moment, he could clearly feel just how terrifying of a strength Chen Xiang possessed.

Chen Xiang’s strength had already far surpassed his and he couldn’t say a word as his throat was tightly gripped by Chen Xiang. His eyes were suddenly filled with fear and he was even begging for forgiveness, so it wasn’t easy for him to live to this day. He even decided to turn the tables in the future, because Chen Xiang was someone he would never be able to surpass in his entire life.

"Hell Devil Emperor, you have fought against me for so many years. Chen Xiang snorted, his arm shook as Meteor immortal power rushed out.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

Hell Devil Emperor’s body, which had been grabbed by the throat by Chen Xiang, was completely filled with the berserk Meteor immortal power, and exploded into pieces.

When the other ten demons saw how terrifying Chen Xiang was, they instantly killed Hell Devil Emperor and immediately wanted to escape, but they were locked on by the power of space immediately. Then, they were struck by Chen Xiang’s fist and released a violent wave of Meteor immortal power that enveloped them all and turned them into dust.

"Done!" I’ll never see them jump again. " Chen Xiang laughed: "You guys go back first, I’m going to the earth’s core, the earth’s core is also in trouble right now, you guys should stay in Hundreds of Flowers Village."

While Long Huishan and the others were still in shock, Chen Xiang had already teleported away, heading towards the earth’s core!

... ....

When Chen Xiang came to the center of the earth, he found out that Lv Qinlian and Bai Ziqian had come out of seclusion and left the earth’s core together with Huo Lin’s partner, Zi Qi, to hide and seek refuge in the heart of the earth.

"I’m actually feeling very uneasy right now." Huo Lin was no longer laughing happily like before, as if he was worried about something.

"Don’t worry, there’s still me!" Chen Xiang placed his hand on Big Brother’s shoulder, and laughed: "Do you not believe Big Brother’s strength?"

"Of course I do, but that guy is too strong, I can already feel his aura!" Huo Lin said.

Chen Xiang had not fought the Black Stone Divine Venerable directly, but he had seen the strength of the Black Stone Divine Venerable before, and he was not weak either. The Chuangshi god furnace s and Heavenly magic sword s could both give him powerful strength, even though it was a little weaker than the Black Stone Divine Venerable’s Divine Deity, he was still confident in his ability to defeat the Black Stone Divine Venerable.

"So soon?" Chen Xiang was surprised to see Huo Lin being so worried. He felt that it would take a while for Black Stone Divine Venerable and the rest to come out of the Nine Star God Realm.

"It won’t be long!" Huo Lin nodded and said: "I can feel that guy’s presence, maybe they are already in Nine Heaven World!"

Just as Huo Lin finished speaking, the Nine Star God Realm suddenly shook!

"He’s here!" Huo Lin shouted anxiously: "Big brother, quickly hide! If I can’t beat him, you can fight back!"

Chen Xiang immediately hid himself inside the spatial crack. As the Earthly beast here, he obviously had to be the first one to go out and fight. If he really couldn’t beat him, he could also drain Black Stone Divine Venerable’s strength, and it would be much easier when Chen Xiang fought with Black Stone Divine Venerable.

"Little thing, you must be very young! "Kowtow obediently and I will spare your little life. I will not treat you unfairly in the future!" Black Stone Divine Venerable suddenly appeared in front of Huo Lin and sneered: "If you don’t want to die, then quickly kowtow to me and be my servant."

This Black Stone Divine Venerable was actually so powerful, he didn’t even want to fight at all, yet he was forced to kneel down and kowtow to Huo Lin. Chen Xiang, who was inside the spatial crack wanted to run out and teach him a lesson.

"Wishful thinking!" Huo Lin shouted coldly, his fist ignited with flames as he struck out violently.

Bang!

Black Stone Divine Venerable did not expect Huo Lin to suddenly attack, his fist landed on’s chest, producing a violent explosion, causing him to retreat a few steps.

"Little thing, not bad! "A bit of power!" Black Stone Divine Venerable patted the spot where he was punched on the chest: "Looks like you have the same strength as those Divine Lord s! "This way is also good, I will beat you until you kowtow to me."

Black Stone Divine Venerable suddenly jumped into the air. With a furious roar, he turned into a huge black ape. In his hand, he held a huge black long rod. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Chen Xiang was surprised, the Black Stone Divine Venerable had been using such a strong power from the very beginning to deal with Huo Lin, it could be seen how strong Huo Lin was, making the Black Stone Divine Venerable so serious.