Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

C2231

"Don’t kill me..." The middle-aged man begged for mercy.

"You bunch of bastards that are plotting against the Nine Heaven World, don’t even think about letting me spare you. If it wasn’t for you, Xue Yi wouldn’t have been poisoned!" Chen Xiang snorted coldly as he slashed his sword at the middle-aged man, burning the corpse back into the Chuangshi god furnace.

This group of people had helped the nine Divine Lords and the Black Stone Divine Venerable to leave the Nine Star Divine Realm before, so Chen Xiang viewed them as enemies. Furthermore, their goal was to catch the dragon, because Long Xueyi had been targeted by them and poisoned by them, he was now poisoned and unconscious.

In less than an hour, all of the teams sent by the Star Law Divine Realm to investigate the Nine Heaven World were completely exterminated by Chen Xiang. They were all refined inside the Chuangshi god furnace to provide the energy for the Chuangshi god furnace.

Chen Xiang returned to the Hundreds of Flowers Village and handed the Black Dragon Flower to Bai Ziqian!

"Only around ten, is it enough? If it’s not enough, copy some more! " Chen Xiang said.

"Let’s give it a try!" Bai Ziqian placed the Black Dragon Flower into a furnace and quickly refined some white powder. She then placed the white powder into a bowl of water.

"Bring Xue Yi up, I’ll feed her!" Bai Ziqian said. At this time, Long Xueyi had already been placed in a very cold space and that bowl of water was also strange.

Lv Qinlian floated Long Xueyi up, then slightly pried open her small mouth, allowing Bai Ziqian to pour that bowl of water inside.

Long Xueyi finished it quickly. Originally, her face was covered by the black poison mist, but now that the poison mist had dissipated, it was just that she had not woken up.

"Xue Yi!" Chen Xiang shouted.

"Only the Black dragon flower poison was able to cure it, other than that there are other poisons, I never thought that guy’s poison actually contains so much, and most of them are ancient poisons that are very difficult to cure, what is he doing this for?" Bai Ziqian sighed as he lightly caressed Long Xueyi’s pale white face.

Only Chen Xiang knew that those people wanted Long Xueyi’s body, and that there was highly toxic poison in it. Only in this way would they be able to force the power of immortality out of the divine dragon’s body!

"These bastards!" Chen Xiang clenched his fists and bellowed: "I want to go to Star Law Divine Realm to eliminate them!"

Feng Yujie said: "Calm down, Xue Yi’s current condition has stabilized. Right now, all you need to do is to completely remove all the Ancient Poison in her body!"

"We need to find several kinds of King grade and divine medicines to use them to refine the antidote. They can cure many kinds of ancient poisons, but Nine Heaven World is still too young, so they are simply unable to breed this kind of King grade and divine medicines. They used to exist in the Ninth Heaven Divine Nations, but they are also extremely rare!"

Feng Yujie had inherited the inheritance of a Pill Refining God King, so she knew about this kind of divine antidote pill. She placed her finger on the center of Chen Xiang’s brows and passed the formula for the antidote pill to Chen Xiang.

"So you’re saying, only the Star Law Divine Realm has one? It looks like I have to go to Star Law Divine Realm first! " Chen Xiang said as he looked at the sleeping Long Xueyi.

"With us taking care of Xue Yi, her current condition is very stable. You can go to Star Law Divine Realm without worry!" Lv Qilian said: "Just now, Great Divine Lord had already sent a message to me. The rest of the Divine Lord s have all been killed.

Chen Xiang came to Long Xueyi’s side and probed her body for poison. He wanted to try and see if he could absorb the poison, but the poison was extremely strange and stuck tightly to Long Xueyi, as if it was connected to his flesh and blood and was hard to separate.

"It’s useless! Because it had fused with the Black Dragon Flower, the other ancient poisons all had the characteristics of the Black Dragon Flower, but they were difficult to expel. Right now, they had all fused into Xue Yi’s body and soul, so even if the Black dragon flower poison was released, it would be useless! This Black dragon flower poison was specially used to deal with the dragon race. " Bai Ziqian said.

Xiao Yulan said softly, "Chen Xiang, my jade cauldron has antidote, so even though it cannot cure the poison, it can prevent the poison from spreading. This way, even after a long period of time, Xue Yi’s condition won’t worsen."

Xiao Yulan still had her own Jade Cauldron, which was also a godly weapon that made her famous.

"Chen Xiang, how about I go with you! I can use the Heaven extended method to calculate where those divine medicines are. " The Imperial Concubine Lian said.

"No need, I’ll go with my master and the others. They also need me to go to the Star Law Divine Realm! You can stay here! " The Imperial Concubine Lian knew about Heaven extended method, and was already as proficient as Huang Jintian and the others. Staying in the Hundreds of Flowers Village could help the Hundreds of Flowers Village predict a few things.

"Be careful along the way!" Chen Xiang softly warned. He walked over, kissed her forehead, and then teleported away.

... ....

Chen Xiang went outside, used the Communication jade Symbol paper to contact Huang Jintian and the others, and then reunited with them.

"These guys actually came so far to try to get the Divine Dragon Race. They’re really bastards, we have to kill them all." After Huang Jintian heard about what happened to Long Xueyi, he was also very angry, and their Undead Divine Race s were also killed because of the same reason.

"How long will it take to get to the Star Law Divine Realm?" Chen Xiang asked: "I want to get there quickly!" Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"Star Law Divine Realm is very far from here. It would take at least a month!" Yue’er came out from the Netherworld Spirit Ring. "In space, the risk of using the Space wind is relatively large, because there are often large collisions of stars that produce extremely powerful shockwaves that are able to fluctuate the space, so most people use formations to teleport."

"Formation?" You need a month even to use the Transmission array? " Chen Xiang did not ask this question in the past.

"On many stars, there are many interconnected formations that can be used for teleportation, allowing one to get closer and closer to the Star Law Divine Realm." Huang Jintian said: "We must at least pass through the Transmission array of over a thousand stars in order to reach Star Law Divine Realm. After all, Star Law Divine Realm is really too far away from here, even if we use very strong spatial energy, it would still be difficult to reach it in a short period of time."

Chen Xiang knew that it was far, but he had never had such an idea. Now that he knew that he needed to go through thousands of Transmission array s, he knew how difficult it was to go to Star Law Divine Realm.

"I understand the locations of these Transmission array s, I’ll take you guys there!" Yue’er laughed: "I used to use these Transmission array often."

"That was in the past. Now that it’s been so long, some of the stars might even be gone!" Chen Xiang said.

"It doesn’t matter, the teleportation net that Star Law Divine Realm set up over the years is extremely wide. As long as it does not destroy a large portion of it, the other Transmission array can basically be linked together and be teleported to Star Law Divine Realm." Yue’er replied, "I used to be a law enforcer, so I understand the workings of these Transmission array the best."

Huang Yantian laughed: "With Little Cat leading the way, it’ll be much easier for us. If we were to bring you there, I’m afraid we would need a few months to arrive, unless we are lucky enough to encounter a spatial wave that would send us rushing to Star Law Divine Realm. However, it’s almost impossible."

Chen Xiang did as Yue’er instructed, took out his Six Realms mirrors and then flew into the starry sky with the Huang Jintian brothers, heading towards a dead star.