Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

C2243

When Chen Xiang arrived at the great hall, he heard someone talking about the Armored crocodile. He never thought that the news would spread so fast and that they would even know about what happened at the auction!

Because Yu Zhen had the appearance of a young person, he was a famous person in the eyes of many young people. However, he was killed by some unknown person in a few moves, and the reason was because Yu Zhen stole half of a Armored crocodile from others!

Right now, the Great Heaven School was everywhere asking for information, they wanted to find out who the culprit was!

When the Great Heaven School was killed by someone in his own home city, a Great Clan Elder and a lot of people had already become the laughing stock of the people around him, so he had to find the one who took action, otherwise, they would not be able to lift their heads.

In the Everlasting Mountain, many people knew about the Armored crocodile, because it was a very powerful Special god beast. Killing one head to ten, many people had a deep impression of it!

That day, when Feng Wu went to hunt for Special god beast, there were people who knew about it, so it quickly spread. After all, Feng Wu had made good results in the past three years, killing a total of ninety Special god beast.

... ....

Feng Wu went to report, it was a relatively secretive place!

"The upper half of the Armored crocodile? We have received news that the upper half of the body is not in your hands. " The old man in charge of collecting such important information said. How could he not know?

"I did it with my friend. Although it caused quite a disturbance, the Everlasting Mountain did not cause any trouble! After all, Yu Zhen was the one who did the wrong thing first. " Feng Wu said: "If it wasn’t for Yu Zhen stealing the other half of the corpse, there would be more left."

"Is that friend of yours from Everlasting Mountain?" The Armored crocodile’s corpse was indeed very precious, not to mention the fact that the Great Heaven School was in the wrong. Even if the Great Heaven School found out that the Armored crocodile was in the Everlasting Mountain’s hands in the future, they did not need to be afraid of the Great Heaven School.

"No." Feng Wu said.

"Good!" We’ll take it, you don’t have to worry about the rest of it, leave it to us, the Great Heaven School won’t dare to act recklessly, and the one who did it was that person, you never went out to do anything, so it’s none of your business. " The old man chuckled, took away the upper half of the Armored crocodile, and then took out ten specially made pearls for Feng Wu.

"Little girl, I have gathered a hundred pills! When does the inner sect examination begin? That test isn’t easy, and you can’t ask a friend for help either! It needs to be completed independently! " The old man said.

"Old mister, can you give me a bit of information about the assessment? This gave me time to prepare myself! " Feng Wu laughed.

"Alright, I’ll tell you one thing. There’s only one assessment in the inner sect, and that is to go kill a Special god beast. You need to kill a Special god beast with Holy level s!"

When Feng Wu heard the old man’s words, he was slightly surprised: "The Special god beast of the Holy level have eighty Divine Deity, this is very difficult!"

The old man laughed: "Let me tell you the truth, if you enter the inner sect from the outer sect, you will be greatly rejected. Although you are an inner sect disciple, it is extremely arduous. Of course, there will definitely be quite a lot of benefits, but you can’t be like the other inner sect disciples who can leisurely cultivate and enjoy rich resources all day long. "

Feng Wu was already mentally prepared, and now, she was even more determined to enter the inner sect. She wanted to see how big of a gap there was between herself and the inner sect’s outstanding disciples!

... ....

Chen Xiang lined up ten times consecutively to receive news about the ten Special god beast! If he couldn’t complete it within one month, then he would have to delay it ten times to increase the number of times!

However, he was confident in himself. It was not difficult for him to kill ten Special god beast in a month, as long as he could find one.

In just over twenty days, he had successfully killed ten Special god beast and then went to that place to report his findings. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

When the old man saw Chen Xiang bringing over ten Special god beast s at a time, he could not help but be shocked.

"I didn’t expect such a strong kid to come to the outer sect. You just entered the inner sect not long ago, right?" Being able to complete it within a month, it’s indeed very powerful. Very rarely has someone as powerful as you appeared. If you enter the inner sect, you might be able to make a name for yourself! Although the inner sect disciples who are born and raised here are against outsiders, you possess absolute power, so you don’t need to care about them. " The old man laughed and gave Chen Xiang ten small beads.

"Give me your jade plate and help me remove the blood contract."

looked at the pearl in his hand. Previously, Feng Wu had showed him that if one hunted a Special god beast, one would be able to obtain one pellet, gather all one hundred of them, and then be able to participate in the inner sect examination. And these pellets could not be given to others.

"I will go to the inner sect!" Chen Xiang received the jade tablet. He was already free, so he would not be restricted much.

He left Everlasting Mountain and came to Cang Cloud City! He had contacted Huang Jintian a few times before and agreed to meet him at Cang Cloud City.

What made Chen Xiang even more worried was that Feng Wu had not even replied him. It had been almost a month, and he still had not received any news of Feng Wu!

In a private room of a hotel, Huang Jintian and Huang Yantian had already ordered a large table full of dishes and ate most of it.

"You’re late." Huang Jintian laughed.

"How many Shen Yuan stone I sold to you all before?" Chen Xiang picked up his chopsticks and picked up a piece of tasty meat.

"One and five hundred million, this is the price of the black market. There’s no other way, it can’t be sold openly!" Huang Jintian said.

"It seems like they can earn a lot. The pill shop sells a billion pills, and the middle rank pills sell a hundred billion pills!" Chen Xiang said.

"Yeah, those divine medicines aren’t worth anything, but who told them to grasp the right to sell them? So, they can’t be sold off without permission, or else many big powers will surround and attack them!" "I earned them so much." Huang Yantian was also somewhat indignant, because Chen Xiang could refine high grade Bone level Dan!

Shangpin bone level Dan s were even more expensive, and they were all used for auctioning. In order to maintain the price of Shangpin bone level Dan, those large powers had all released a little after a period of time, but there were still people who bought them!

"The Bone level Dan’s pill formulas are only controlled by the top powers, the other small and medium-sized powers don’t have them, and those who buy the Bone level Dan are mostly those who don’t have the pill formulas, ordinary people can’t afford them." Huang Jintian grabbed a big leg that looked to be extremely tasty, and started to bite.

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "This Star Law Divine Realm has many rich and powerful forces, in the future, we will definitely be able to make a lot of money here. We will have to wait for me to reach the pinnacle, the moment I cure Xue Yi of her poison, I will quickly cultivate."

"We have already heard that a divine medicine for the Antidote Pill is the Bisheng immortal lotus. In the hands of this Wang Ancient Heavenly Star, it is in the hands of a large clan." Huang Jintian said: "This great clan is stronger than most of the middle-ranking powers, and is more famous in the Wang Ancient Heavenly Star."

"Oh? What family was it? Can you ask how many Shen Yuan stone are needed to purchase? " Chen Xiang asked anxiously.