Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

C2244

"Feng Clan, just ask around. We can consider it as the Eternal Family, so we have a good relationship with the Everlasting Mountain! We only know that the Feng Clan has this kind of divine medicine, but we are temporarily unable to find out whether they are selling it or not. " Huang Jintian said.

"Feng Clan? I just met a woman in Everlasting Mountain, she’s surnamed Feng! " Chen Xiang said: "It can’t be that much of a coincidence, right? I have already asked her to help me inquire about those divine medicines in the inner sect of Everlasting Mountain. If she is a Feng Clan, she should have heard of the Bisheng immortal lotus! "

"Not bad, you’ve already hooked up with a woman so quickly." Huang Jintian chuckled: "Actually, even if she’s from Feng Clan, she might not know about the Bisheng immortal lotus."

"That’s right, she is a bit more mysterious, maybe she is not taken seriously in the Feng Clan, otherwise she would not have ran over to the Everlasting Mountain to suffer." Chen Xiang nodded his head, Feng Wu was truly a hardworking person, and had never treated him as a woman. He must have trained her ruthlessly for many years.

"The news has spread like wildfire over this period of time. I did not expect that it was you who caused it!" Huang Jintian laughed: "He actually killed the Great Clan Elder of the Great Heaven School in front of so many people. This fellow is tired of living, he actually went to steal your thing, and yet dares to be stubborn!"

Although this matter had spread like wildfire, there was no conclusion to it!

"He’s courting death!" When Chen Xiang recalled this matter, he still felt great about it, because this allowed him to obtain a Heavenly Aquarius. This bottle was extremely powerful, it was a divine tool similar to the six divine artifacts.

"You guys sold those Bone level Dan. There are quite a few of them now, right?" Chen Xiang laughed: "Don’t tell me you’re all gone!"

"How could it be spent? Do you need Shen Yuan stone now? " Huang Jintian laughed: "Brat, you really can refine Bone level Dan, this kind of Shen Yuan stone, in your eyes, is nothing."

"Alright, I won’t take it! "But you have to help me. I want to quickly enter the inner court. The woman I know has been in the inner court disciple exam for a long time, but I haven’t heard anything. I want to enter the inner court to investigate." Chen Xiang said: "Right now, I still need ninety Special god beast ’corpses to qualify for the examination."

"The Special god beast that you need are worth a billion each. Ninety of them means ninety billion. This Everlasting Mountain is so profitable ... You can’t be asking us to help you hunt Special god beast, right? " The Bone level Dan that Chen Xiang had sold to them was only worth a billion, but now Chen Xiang was asking them to do the work of a Shen Yuan stone that was worth tens of billions.

In any case, you guys have nothing to do right now, you have the Heaven extended method, so being able to figure out the location of the Special god beast is not like asking you to hunt ninety heads. I will hunt some myself, and after twenty days, I will kill ten of them. Chen Xiang said: "If you need me to refine eight Shen Yuan stone, I will give them to you. When that time comes, just think of a way to sell them."

"Why are you talking so much, I’m not going to help you!" Huang Jintian laughed. Ten eight Bone level Dan, even if they were sold in the black market, they could still sell for a lot.

"Then let’s begin, I need to hurry up and enter the inner sect. There are many outstanding Alchemist s in the inner sect, maybe they have the antidote pill." Chen Xiang said, then after finishing that table of food with Huang Jintian and the others, he returned to the Everlasting Mountain to receive news about the Special god beast. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Just as he walked out of the lobby, he saw a beautiful lady dressed in white robes looking at him with a smile while holding a sword in her hand.

"Feng Wu!" Chen Xiang was finally relieved in his heart. He walked up quickly and smiled: "When you dress up seriously, you look even more beautiful!"

Feng Wu spread open his arms, laughed and circled around: "This is Everlasting Mountain’s clothes, I have to wear it, do you think it will look good?"

"Not bad, to make you look more feminine!" Chen Xiang laughed: "How is the inner sect’s life doing?"

"Not bad, many inner disciples are ignoring me. Hmph, I also can’t be bothered with them. They are all weak chickens and I don’t know where they got the courage to look down on me. Only if you have the skills will you truly be able to do so! " When Feng Wu talked about this matter, her face revealed a bit of anger, which showed that she had suffered a lot inside.

"Feng Wu, there’s something important I need to ask you!" Chen Xiang said.

"Let’s talk somewhere else, follow me!" Feng Wu brought Chen Xiang to a hotel. This hotel did not look luxurious, but it was very comfortable.

"This is where I used to live. I’ve paid a year’s rent. You can live here from now on!" Feng Wu brought Chen Xiang to the third floor of the hotel. There were three rooms in each hall.

"Feng Wu, are you from the Feng Clan?" Chen Xiang asked.

As Feng Wu was pouring some tea for Chen Xiang, she paused for a moment, and then continued to pour, and poured a cup for herself as well. She was silent for a while, and after slowly drinking a mouthful of tea, she nodded and said, "Yes!"

"Is this something that triggered the unhappiness in your heart?" I’m sorry, I didn’t do it on purpose! " Chen Xiang said as he saw Feng Wu’s expression.

"It’s okay! I have left the Feng Clan a long time ago. My father is a disciple of the Feng Clan, but he ... He is a bastard child, and is not well-received in the Feng Clan. His talent is mediocre, but he went to great lengths to enter the Everlasting Mountain, get to know my mother, and give birth to me. "

Feng Wu took another sip of tea and continued, "My parents passed away later on. My father told me before that if he died, I would return to the Feng Clan ... When I returned to Feng Clan, because my talent was not bad, I was nurtured as well. But later on, they wanted me to marry me. If I wasn’t willing, I would have run out and joined the Everlasting Mountain. At that time, I wouldn’t have feared that they would come looking for trouble with me. "

Feng Wu sighed: "I left the Feng Clan a long time ago, and have also earned several tens of billions of Shen Yuan stone. I already don’t owe them anything now, even if you wanted to ask me about the matters of the Feng Clan, I’m not too sure either. I might not be able to help you at all! "

"It’s fine. I just heard that there are Bisheng immortal lotus in Feng Clan, so I thought you might be a disciple of Feng Clan. I didn’t expect you to actually be one." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Feng Clan has Bisheng immortal lotus? Maybe they got it later, how about I go back to the Feng Clan and help you ask! " Feng Wu knew that Chen Xiang urgently needed to concoct a Divine Pill to detoxify her wife, so no matter what, she had to help Chen Xiang no matter what if she didn’t want to go back.

"No need, this kind of thing is too difficult for you!" You just need to continue asking about it in the inner sect. I have already arranged for people to investigate Feng Clan’s side. " Chen Xiang laughed: "If you are able to become famous in the inner sect, then I will be able to go in and take care of you."