Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

C2246

Chen Xiang had originally planned to use Heavenly magic sword s, but he was worried that the old man up there would see through it, hence he decided to solve the problem with his bare hands.

The black thorns released by the Mountain Penetrating Divine Beast flew over from below like a storm. Chen Xiang only used the same method to form a set of Flame power s, then he punched out with his fist and released a wave of flames that enveloped the black thorns.

The black thorns were instantly ignited by Chen Xiang’s flames and dropped to the ground!

There were no longer any black thorns on the armor of the Mountain Penetrating Divine Beast, and it looked much more comfortable. However, Chen Xiang realized that there were some small spots on the armor that were growing rapidly.

"What a strong Fire God Power, this little brat’s flames are scary. If those old fellows from the Dan God Institute see it, they will definitely be ashamed!" The old man was secretly surprised in his heart as he felt the force of Chen Xiang’s punch.

"The Special god beast of the Holy level are too weak. I have to hurry and finish them, that way I can immediately enter the inner sect!" immediately dove down at high speed, the Meteor immortal power started to circulate, and when he dove down, his body was ignited in flames, looking like a falling meteorite.

Chen Xiang aimed for the head of the Mountain Breaking God Beast and roared. The veins on his fist bulged and spewed out a true raging flame, which turned into the shape of a fire dragon head. He opened his mouth and roared continuously.

Roar! Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Chen Xiang used the Azure Dragon Divine Art in combination with the Meteor immortal power, possessing an unexpected power. The moment the Fire Dragon roared, it spat out a fierce flame lightning. When the flame lightning struck the Mountain Splitting Divine Beast’s head, its fist immediately dropped, as the Meteor immortal power rushed out!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The powerful force penetrated through the mountain god beast’s head and exploded inside, causing the head of the beast to split into pieces and blood to gush out. The most terrifying thing was, after the force shattered the head of the beast, it did not weaken at all and continued to penetrate into the ground.

The power of fire and thunder accompanied the Meteor immortal power’s power, and after penetrating deep into the ground, it once again produced a series of violent eruptions!

Rumble rumble rumble! Along with the loud noise, the earth within a thousand miles radius began to shake violently. Cracks began to appear as the earth began to collapse and tremble violently.

Chen Xiang hastily placed the corpse of the Mountain Penetrating Divine Beast into the Storage bag, then flew up into the sky. When he turned his head, the ground had already become uneven, and dust was roiling everywhere.

"This brat ..." We gave it to him for free, he has 90 Divine Deity! " The old man could already see Chen Xiang’s strength now. Only with this kind of cultivation would he be able to release such a terrifying power. Even he himself was wondering if he could defeat Chen Xiang!

The old man stared blankly at the collapsed ground. It had been a very long time since he had seen a person with such a young face and power.

"Elder, how is it?" Have I passed it yet? " Chen Xiang came onto the Frisbee and said smilingly, handing the Storage bag over to the little old man.

If I knew earlier, I would have let you go hunt a king level Special god beast. Your ninety Divine Deity is enough to deal with the divine beast that’s going through the mountain with eighty odd Divine Deity, it wouldn’t have been under any pressure at all! " The old man smiled and patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder.

"I’m not hiding anything, you just can’t tell." Chen Xiang rubbed his nose and laughed: "Clan Elder, can you not tell everyone that I have 90 Divine Deity? I am worried that once I enter the inner sect, they will arrange for some Special god beast that are harder to kill to be given to me.

"Of course not, I also came through the outer sect examination that year, so I know what’s going on inside!" This old man knew how to conduct himself well. He knew that since Chen Xiang had that kind of strength, he would definitely be able to get along well in the future.

"Thank you elder!" Chen Xiang said sweetly.

"Here’s your new jade plate and a few sets of clothes." The old man passed a box to Chen Xiang: "You can go up the mountain to report after you change your clothes! Although you are very strong, you still have to be careful in the inner court. Although those arrogant and useless ghosts are very weak, they all have powerful parents or masters. "

The old man had muddled through the inner sect back then, and now he was imparting experience to Chen Xiang: "If you want to achieve a better status and don’t want to kill Special god beast all day, then you have to take the assessment to become a true disciple as soon as possible. At that time, you will be better off."

Chen Xiang immediately thanked him.

... ....

The old man brought Chen Xiang back to the bottom of the Everlasting Mountain. Chen Xiang changed into the Everlasting Mountain’s clothes, which were a set of white clothes.

There was a Sky Stairway that led directly to the peak of the mountain. Chen Xiang had never gone up, but he knew from Feng Wu that there would be many caves in the region that was close to the Everlasting Mountain.

Chen Xiang ran for a short while before he arrived at the inner sect of the Everlasting Mountain. He did not reach the mountain peak because that was where his legacy disciples, Dan God Institute s and elders lived.

"He’s the new disciple who just passed the assessment!" The person in charge of guarding the Heaven Stairway looked at Chen Xiang’s jade tablet and saw that it was brand-new.

"En!" Chen Xiang laughed: "Senior brothers, please take care of me!"

"We also came from the outer sect!" The big man laughed, "When you enter the largest cave, you will see a little kid. He is responsible for receiving new disciples."

After Chen Xiang thanked him, he flew up to the big cave, and after entering, he found a very spacious plaza. Other than that, there were also many big and small caves on the cave walls.

"The environment doesn’t seem as good as the ground!" Chen Xiang thought, he had already seen that the "little demon" was merely a short man with a tender and childish face.

Chen Xiang walked over, and the man seemed to be able to tell that Chen Xiang was a disciple who had just passed the examination.

"Senior brother, I’m new." Chen Xiang anxiously greeted, he guessed that this brat was also from the outer sect examination, otherwise he would not have been arranged to do such a thing.

"I’ll know when I see it. Otherwise, no one will come find me!" The man was shorter than Chen Xiang by three heads. He raised his head and looked at Chen Xiang, laughing: "You look really tall, but actually many people are taller than me."

Chen Xiang laughed: "Senior Brother, you are an inner sect disciple, how can you not have the ability to become tall? If you want to change your Bones right now, it shouldn’t be difficult at all, right? Are you doing this to make others look down on you? During a battle... "Hehe!"

"Junior brother, you know too much!" The man laughed: "My name is Hua Huang, what about you, junior brother?"

"Chen Xiang!" Chen Xiang cupped his fists and said.

"Alright, I’ll arrange a place for you to stay. Do you need to live by yourself or with someone else?" Hua Lang smiled evilly, "Or with a beauty?"

"Living with a beauty, of course? Speaking of which, Senior Brother, have you received a woman called Feng Wu before? Can you arrange for me to be with her? " Chen Xiang asked in a low voice.