Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

C2249

Since Hua Lang had been in the inner sect for so long, yet he had not even gotten any Xiaping bone level Dan, he had to hunt and kill any Special god beast that he could think of. Therefore, in Hua Lang’s eyes, Chen Xiang was much taller than the Leader. Baidu Search for Title + 800 Tale Net

"Alright, but in the case of outsiders, you should just call me Junior Brother!" Chen Xiang laughed.

"Big brother, if you have any orders, just say it!" "I’ll resign from my position of reception right now and focus on helping Big Bro in the future." Hua Lang said.

"You can continue to be a receptionist! The only thing I asked you to do was to ask for some information. " Chen Xiang said: "Of course, the most important thing to do now is to strengthen us, so I need you to find out if there are any true disciples that are not too proud of themselves, I will use Zhongpin bone level Dan s, or even Shangpin bone level Dan s to rope them in! But the condition is that he must be able to rely on it! "

Hua Lang took a deep breath. Chen Xiang even had a Shangpin bone level Dan.

No problem, although the true disciples of the inner sect are very arrogant, but there are some who are more honest and diligent, and these are the things that are easy to win over, although they are true disciples, but in order to obtain the rewards of a divine high level pill, they have to do many difficult things, and if you were to give it to them directly, they, these honest people, would definitely follow you, big brother. Hua Lang said.

"What is the strength of true disciples?" Chen Xiang was more curious about this. Even someone with eighty Divine Deity like Feng Wu was still able to become a true disciple.

"Generally speaking, there are ninety-five Divine Deity or even one Hundred gods level! But their Bones is very small. Because of the lack of Bone level Dan, the majority of Bone level Dan s are controlled in the Dan God Institute, so the majority of Successor Disciples are ordered by the Dan God Institute s to go everywhere to look for divine medicine or to hunt for even stronger Special god beast s. " Hua Lang said: "I currently also have ninety-three Divine Deity, but I only have one. If I want to become a Successor Disciple, I need at least three Bones in order to pass the examination."

Chen Xiang had heard Yue’er talk about it before. In the Star Law Divine Realm, it was extremely difficult to raise one’s Bones.

I’ll give you another Bone level Dan. This is not for you, but for you to rope them in. Chen Xiang laughed.

"I wouldn’t dare even if you gave me a hundred guts!" Hua Lang really did not dare, if he angered Chen Xiang, he would not be able to obtain the Bone level Dan in the future.

"Also, help me find out about the Qingxin spiritual lotus. I heard that the Dan God Institute has them, and see if there’s any way to buy them!" This was also something that Chen Xiang was very concerned about.

"No problem, I’ve already recorded everything down!" Big Brother, when I go to rope them in, I will try my best to rope in a direct disciple with Hundred gods level s. Most of these direct disciples have very few Bones s, so as long as they have Bones s, they can very easily be pulled in. " Hua Lang said: "I will go now!"

Chen Xiang nodded, following that, Hua Lang ran out, at this time Hua Lang was also very excited, he only had two Bone level Dan.

"The Zhongpin bone level Dan are actually so useful, looks like I have to get more!" If possible, all of the Taipin bone level Dan must be obtained. "

Chen Xiang immediately entered the room. He had fifty Life-Killing Divine Deity now, so it would not be difficult for the purple pearls that he condensed to quickly replicate the Shangpin medicine.

If he wanted to make the Superior Grade Injuries into the best, he would need to use the Six Realms God Cup. He had never used the Six Realms God Cup before, so he did not need to refine the Taipin Dan now!

To many strong warriors here, middle and high rank Bone level Dan were extremely attractive, and it was not the time to bring out Taipin Dan.

Chen Xiang had to refine twelve Shangpin bone level Dan s and thirty middle graded pellets before he left the room. It had only been half a day.

Feng Wu was still in closed door cultivation and she needed some time to cultivate her Bones.

Chen Xiang sat in the hall, used the Alive Slain Method to condense the purple pearl, and then placed it inside the Six Realms God Cup! T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

When he first obtained the Six Realms God Cup, there were already some high level divine medicines, the highest being Heaven grade. He did not know about those divine medicines and did not know what use they were for now, so he did not need them right now.

"Feng Wu, quickly come out!" Someone suddenly shouted outside the door, and even shouted a few times.

At the door, there was a shell that could be used to send sound transmissions into the room. Feng Wu was currently in closed doors cultivation, so he definitely could not hear anything.

"Who exactly is it? Your tone is so bad! " Chen Xiang hurried over to open the door.

Outside the door was a tall, skinny and handsome man wearing the Everlasting Mountain’s white robes. He couldn’t help but frown when he saw that the one who opened the door was a man.

"Who are you? Why is he here? " The man’s tone was extremely cold: "Is this Feng Wu’s man?"

"So what if she is? She’s in closed door cultivation and it’s not convenient for her to see you right now." Chen Xiang said and was about to close the stone door, but he was blocked by the man’s hand.

"How dare you, don’t you know who Feng Wu is? You actually dare to get close to her, are you seeking death? " The man said angrily.

"I’ve slept with Feng Wu before, she’s already my woman. Make that guy who has his eyes on her give up." Chen Xiang snickered.

"You ... But is it true? " The man suddenly became angry and shouted.

"Absolutely true. Otherwise, how could I be here? It’s not like you don’t know Feng Wu’s personality! " The more Chen Xiang saw that the other party was angry, the happier he got. "The one who has his eyes on Feng Wu is not you, so why are you angry? Is that your master? That’s right, if Master is angry, a servant like you must be angry too, or else Master will beat you up, right! "

"You’re courting death!" The man was completely enraged by Chen Xiang and wanted to grab onto Chen Xiang’s clothes, but who knew Chen Xiang would suddenly shut the door.

"Bastard, open the door!" The man pounded on the stone door.

If you have the guts, smash this door open. Since it’s your responsibility to investigate this matter, I remember that we cannot cause any trouble in the Everlasting Mountain. I also want to know the consequences of causing trouble. Chen Xiang laughed.

"You have guts. You’re just a lowly outer sect disciple, how dare you be so impudent. Just you wait and see. You’re dead. I’ll get someone to deal with you now." The man gave the stone door a powerful kick before walking away.

Chen Xiang also wanted to know how the other party was going to deal with him, so he patiently waited. In the past two days, he had been refining purple pearls and copying the Zhongpin bone level Dan’s divine medicine.

The stone door of Feng Wu’s room suddenly opened, and Feng Wu ran out laughing: "I did it, I have the second Bones, thank you Chen Xiang!"

"So fast, not bad!" How many Bone level Dan did you use? " Chen Xiang didn’t expect that in just two days of time, Feng Wu had successfully condensed his Bones.