Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

C2250

"Two pills!" Feng Wu was very happy at the moment. After condensing one Bones, she felt that her strength had increased a lot. She really wanted to find a Special god beast to train with.

Feng Wu took out the jade box and gave it to Chen Xiang: "There are still eighteen pills, you can have them!"

Chen Xiang pushed the jade box back and said: "You keep it for yourself. I don’t need it now, you only have two Bones, and that’s not enough.

"Un, I will work hard!" Feng Wu nodded.

"Oh right, two days ago there was a guy who came to visit you. He was tall and thin ..." Chen Xiang told Feng Wu about her encounter with the man, causing Feng Wu to giggle coquettishly.

"You, you have to take responsibility for spoiling my reputation." Feng Wu laughed: "That’s good too, that bastard won’t be thinking about me all day."

"Big Brother, Big Brother!" This was Hua Lang’s voice.

"Why did this guy call you big brother?" Just as Feng Wu asked, he realized that Chen Xiang must have given the Zhongpin bone level Dan to him. She did not think that the Zhongpin bone level Dan would actually have such a low status in Chen Xiang’s eyes, and had given it to him so casually.

Chen Xiang immediately went to open the door, only to see a tall and sturdy middle-aged man standing behind the short Hua Lang. This middle-aged man had thick eyebrows and big eyes, with a big beard, looking very intrepid, and looking somewhat simple and honest.

"Let’s talk inside!" Hua Lang anxiously entered the hall and closed the stone door.

"Successor Disciple?" Feng Wu was surprised, and immediately stood up.

Chen Xiang also noticed that there was a purple jade pendant on the middle aged man’s waist, with the word "True" written on it. This was the proof of identity as a Successor Disciple.

"Greetings Brother Shen, I am Teng Yong!" The middle-aged man cupped his fists and said, "Although I am a true disciple, but please do not be overly cautious."

"Right, right, right! Everyone, sit down!" Hua Lang immediately laughed, and even brought out some tea, and poured some tea for Chen Xiang and the others.

"This is Feng Wu." Chen Xiang immediately introduced Feng Wu to Teng Yong.

"Hello Big Brother Teng!" Feng Wu immediately stood up and bowed.

Teng Yong smiled and nodded. He was a Successor Disciple, but he did not have any airs of arrogance.

"Big Brother Teng once saved my life. At that time, I was hunting the Special god beast outside and made a den for the beasts. At that time, Big Brother Teng risked his life to save me. Hua Lang sighed, his face full of shame.

"Ah Lang, this matter will be over in the future, there is no need to bring it up again. Saving you is something that I am willing to do." Teng Yong laughed and patted Hua Lang’s shoulder.

"Big Brother Teng is truly a righteous person. It is such an honor to be friends with Big Brother Teng." Chen Xiang laughed: "I won’t beat around the bush now!"

"I believe Ah Lang has already told you that I will continue to build a small force. I need powerful and loyal people like Big Brother Teng to join me."

Teng Yong nodded his head: "Ah Lang has already told me about it, and even gave me a. Although I am a Successor Disciple and possess the Hundred gods level, I will still need to look at Dan God Institute’s face. In order for us to listen to them and control the Bone level Dan completely, it is very difficult for us to obtain it!"

When it came to Dan God Institute, Teng Yong was immediately angered: "Dan God Institute is simply going too far, even though we have to try our best to please them, if we want them to help us with the concocting of pills, we have to pay even more, to be ordered around by them like slaves."

Chen Xiang was ecstatic, he never thought that in order to control these Rankers, the Dan God Institute would actually do so many things that would anger the heavens and the earth.

"Big Brother Teng came in from the outer sect examination. He worked hard to become an inner sect disciple, but was treated differently by the Dan God Institute." As Hua Lang spoke of these things, his face was also filled with indignation.

"We came in from the outer sect, and our strength is definitely not weaker than those little bastards, but right now, some of those little things with Dan God Institute backgrounds even dare to piss on my head." Teng Yong snorted: "It was precisely because I could not watch this that I crippled a little thing. In the end, I was punished by the Dan God Institute for ten thousand years and could not receive news regarding divine pellets and Special god beast."

"Dan God Institute is really going too far." Chen Xiang nodded.

"If you want to revoke the punishment, that requires a hundred billion Shen Yuan stone. I’d rather feed it to the dogs than to them. " The more Teng Yong spoke, the angrier he got.

Chen Xiang was using the divine pellet that she had at her disposal to rope in these people who were dissatisfied with the Dan God Institute, thereby establishing her own small power. Only now did she realize that she was really too young, and couldn’t see through Chen Xiang at all. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

"Big Brother Teng, may I ask, how many Bones do you have right now?" Chen Xiang said.

"Three!" It’s been a long time since I’ve managed to condense them, and for us outer sect disciples, creating Bone level Dan s is not easy, unlike those fellows who are born and bred in this world, they are not much better off. Even if they have more Bone level Dan s than us, they don’t necessarily have much Bones! " Teng Yong said: "Amongst the true disciples, I do not dare to say that I am the strongest, but those who dare to challenge me are few in number."

"Big Brother Teng, how many hours will it take for you to refine the Zhongpin bone level Dan you are eating now?" Chen Xiang asked again.

I finished it in eight hours. I know that six hours is the best time, but that requires Shangpin bone level Dan. Teng Yong said.

Feng Wu also secretly nodded his head, high grade Bone level Dan s were always auctioned, every time the auction was called an auction, there would always be competition, and they would only sell one pellet each time.

"The Shangpin bone level Dan will be auctioned in the inner sect once a month, and I am currently restricted by the Dan God Institute from entering the auction." Teng Yong snorted.

"Big Brother Teng, this is for you!" Chen Xiang passed over two high rank Bone level Dan s. "Give the Zhongpin bone level Dan that Ah Lang gave you back to him. That won’t be of much use to you, it’s more suitable for you!"

In the hall, Feng Wu, Hua Lang and Teng Yong immediately took in a deep breath. The two Bone level Dan s in Chen Xiang’s palm were of high quality, and the medicinal fragrance and aura were directly separated into different types. He just gave her such a precious item.

"This... "This..." Teng Yong was in disbelief.

"Take it, I only have these for now." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Thank you. From now on, you are my big brother!" Just like Hua Lang, Teng Yong also called him big brother. Previously, for the sake of the Shangpin bone level Dan, he was ordered around by the Dan God Institute like a dog.

Suddenly, someone knocked heavily on the stone door.

"Feng Wu, quickly come out!" Chen Xiang recognized this voice, it was the same voice that came to look for Feng Wu the last time. In the end, it flew away angrily due to Chen Xiang.

"It’s Feng Yuan, this guy is a disciple of the Feng Clan, he came here very early, why is this bastard here!" Feng Wu walked over to open the door, she was not afraid of Feng Yuan right now, an expert like Teng Yong was here.