Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 226 Devil Path Plan

------------

Lei Xionglin laughed and said, "This is all thanks to Senior Brother Chen. Because of the Building Foundation Dans you had given to us, we were able to enter the True Martial Realm. For this, we are extremely grateful."

Lian Mingdong said, "Senior Brother Chen, we cannot thank you enough for your great graciousness. In the future, if you need any help from us, whatever it is, just say it."

Lei Zhong spoke with a silly laugh, "I don’t have brain, but I have power. In the future, I’ll definitely repay Senior Brother Chen."

Yun Xiaodao and the others secretly admired Chen Xiang’s methods. All three of them had entered the True Martial Realm, and now they were loyal and devoted to Chen Xiang. While others have a lot more young retinues, their retinues were only in the 10th level of the Mortal Martial Realm. Although they had more, all of them combined would still be incomparable to a 1st level True Martial Realm martial artist.

Chen Xiang chuckled and asked, "How many Building Foundation Dans did all of you ate?"

"One!"

Lian Mingdong and the trio only ate one; from this, it was evidently clear how big their potential wa. They were just stuck at the bottleneck of the Mortal Martial Realm, but if they cultivated with all their efforts for ten to twenty years, even without the Building Foundation Dans, they would have eventually entered the True Martial Realm.

"You’re all here! Dean asked me to gather you." Hao Dongqing walked in.

Lian Mingdong and the others had just stepped into the True Martial Realm two or three days ago, and already met with Wu Kaiming and the Dean.

As all three of them had just entered the True Martial Realm, going to the Southern Wasteland would be extremely dangerous for them. Of course, Chen Xiang, from the start, didn’t want to make these three newcomers risk their lives in killing the devil path martial artists. Going to the Southern Wasteland was not just for the competition, otherwise, there would be no need to go the Southern Wasteland. If one so wished, they could simply find a safe place in the Southern Wasteland and hide themselves for the sake of surviving. Finally, whoever had more people surviving, they could claim themselves as the winner.

That was why the biggest challenge was surviving; survive in that dangerous land and avoid being hunted down. Those were the most crucial. However, Chen Xiang could still not understand why would devil path sects propose to go there.

In Wu Kaiming’s courtyard, there were a total of 10 people, including Chen Xiang and the others. He also saw Wu Qianqian, however, since there were several elders as well as the Dean present here, he couldn’t just go and have a conversation.

"Everyone is here! Sigh, honestly, this trip is very dangerous for you youngsters, especially those who had just recently entered the True Martial Realm." Gu Dongchen sighed.

Elder Dan said, "How about I go and bring those timid guys here. If ten 5th level True Martial Realm martial artists would go, then it would be the most powerful lineup!"

Gu Dongchen shook his head, "No need, the others are not necessarily going to send their strongest. The devil path sects may not sent their most powerful disciples either. We all know this competition is proposed by the devil path sects, and both the time and the location are according to them. Moreover, the purpose of this competition is not to compete in strength, but to compete who can live longer."

Wu Kaiming nodded his head and said, "If comparing strength, those devil path disciples are not much better than us, otherwise, they would not have go through all this trouble! They proposed the location of the competition in the Southern Wasteland mountain range, Maybe it’s because their ability to adapt is way better, and they can also use the terrain and various dangers to sneak attack our people." 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Chen Xiang agreed, "Yes, maybe they don’t even need to act, people will surely die in there. If their surviving ability is better than us, maybe at the end, all of them will be surviving, and then they will certainly win! This way, they could easily win against those martial artists stronger than them, and they could also await for the death of a few True Martial Realm martial artists of the enemy along the way.

Gu Dongchen said, "That’s why when you go there, don’t think you have to risk your life into killing the other party. Of course, if someone is alone, everyone together with all their might can kill him. However, pay close attention if any kind of trap set by them!"

"Among the righteous sect, our Extreme Martial Sect is sending the largest number of people, the Beast Martial Sect and True Martial Sect are only sending four participants; the Danxiang Taoyuan and the Divine Weapon Heavenly Empire are sending seven each, and as for the remaining Lotus Island, Icewind Valley and the Proud Sword Sect, all of them are just sending six each." Wu Kaiming said, "We are sending ten there, as for teamwork, Chen Xiang must leave all of you. This guy is a troublemaker; moreover, he has a bounty of 15 million, so whether it’s the righteous or the devil path, both will be eyeing him for his head"

The corners of Chen Xiang’s mouth slight twitched, however, what Wu Kaiming and the others ordered him to do was also the correct decision. Otherwise, he would affect the whole team. Yun Xiaodao and Lei Xionglin, as well as the others, were somewhat reluctant though. All of them revered Chen Xiang, and they were thinking of wandering in the world with Chen Xiang. However, they had to listen to Gu Dongchen.

"Chen Xiang, you act alone. You have the Vermillion Bird Fire Wings and rich fighting experience. You have killed a lot more people stronger than you! Your purpose to go there is to kill the devil path martial artists, and at the same time, protect the disciples of the other sects. When the disciples of the righteous sect are getting attacked, you need to come out to rescue! As for the other nine people, you will stay together and cannot be separated. In the next three months, we will train you and make you act in harmony." Gu Dongchen spoke.

Chen Xiang suddenly thought whether the Divine Weapon Heavenly Empire and the Icewind Valley were going to send Xue Xianxian and Leng Youlan. Both of them were quite powerful in their generation, and they were also the focus of training in their respective sects.

Chen Xiang had some contradiction in his heart; if they were there, he would be very happy because he could meet with them. But at the same time, he was also worried; if they went there, then they would certainly have to face danger. After much deliberation, he felt it was better if those two didn’t go there, because it was too dangerous. He prayed Liu Menger would not send them.

"Good, now all of you should go with Elder Lao to a secret place for training, Chen Xiang you stay, we have something to tell you." Gu Dongchen said.

Yun Xiaodao and the other eight followed a hunchbacked old man out. After they went away, only then did Wu Kaiming spoke, "Young Martial uncle, how did you suddenly find three martial artists who just entered True Martial Realm? If they are to join, then you are only killing them; these three have pretty good foundation."

"Surely young martial uncle gave them Building Foundation Dans." Elder Dan spoke from the side.

Both Wu Kaiming and Gu Dongchen didn’t know that Chen Xiang had so many Building Foundation Dans. They also didn’t know that Chen Xiang could refine Building Foundation Dan. If it was spread out that Chen Xiang had so many Building Foundation Dans in his grasp, it would shake the entire Chenwu Mainland.

Gu Dongchen and Wu Kaiming immediately thought Chen Xiang was developing his own forces. Doing so was not wrong in any way.

Chen Xiang laughed and said, "I’m not going to conceal it from you, this martial uncle knows how to refine Building Foundation Dan. If you want, I can sell it to you a little cheaper; just half a million crystal stones for one. If you want, you just have to say a word."

“What!?" Gu Dongchen shouted in shock; it came as a surprise to him that Chen Xiang could actually refine Building Foundation Dan!

Wu Kaiming also dumbfoundedly stared at Chen Xaign. Although he and Gu Dongchen didn’t know how to refine dans, they still knew how difficult it was to refine Building Foundation Dans. Above all, it was required for an alchemist to be prodigal in wasting enough materials.

"It’s true!" Elder Dan coldly snorted, however, in her heart, she was secretly laughing. Chen Xiang was clearly planning to cheat Gu Dongchen and Wu Kaiming; she knew that for Chen Xiang, obtaining the Building Foundation Dans was nothing.

A translated work of Xianxiaworld