Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

C2251

When Feng Wu went to open the door, Teng Yong anxiously put away the purple jade pendant on his waist, hiding his identity as a true disciple!

Chen Xiang was worried that something might happen to Feng Wu, so he quickly followed.

After opening the door, there were two people standing outside. One of them was Feng Yuan, who came before, and the other one looked similar to Feng Yuan, but he was a middle-aged man.

"Dad, it was this kid who humiliated me!" Feng Yuan was furious, he really wanted to kill Chen Xiang. An outer sect disciple had actually dared to be so arrogant with him.

"Feng Wu, I heard you have a man, right?" The middle-aged man said coldly, "You clearly know that you want to marry into the Yuan Family, but why are you still looking for a man outside? This is the crime of a criminal family!"

"Feng Clan and I have nothing to do with each other anymore. Previously, I sent back quite a few Shen Yuan stone, but later on, Feng Clan did not pursue the matter further. Did you guys start pestering me again after seeing me become an inner disciple in the Everlasting Mountain?" Feng Wu said in a cold voice, "I have a man, it’s none of your business. You two aren’t my parents, what right do you have to care about my matters."

After Feng Wu finished speaking, he wanted to close the door, but was stopped by the middle aged man.

"I, Feng NanYi, am your elder after all. You dare to speak to me in such a manner, you’ve rebelled!" Feng NanYi was furious, and he walked in. Seeing that there were still a few people here, his face darkened: "Could it be that these are all your helpers? "Humph, you are just a bunch of scum that came in from the outer sect. Today, I will teach you, a beast that is rude to his elders."

Chen Xiang hurriedly pulled Feng Wu back. At this moment, everyone could tell that this Feng Nan Yi must have other reasons for hating Feng Wu, as Chen Xiang had already guessed that Feng Wu’s parents must have also been stunned in their inner sect before, so they must have clashed with Feng Nan Yi before.

Teng Yong had already stood up, and in the blink of an eye, he flashed over. He looked at Feng Nan Yi, and said in a low voice: "Just now, I said that the dregs that came in from the outer sect were you?"

Feng Nanyi was very happy to see Teng Yong angered. He didn’t even see Teng Yong’s strength, and he said with a cold smile: "So what if I am? You bunch of outer sect trash, don’t block me from teaching this disrespectful junior a lesson, or else I’ll beat you up too. "

Feng Nanyi believed that since Feng Wu had just entered the inner sect, he would definitely not be able to befriend any strong disciples. Therefore, in his eyes, Teng Yong had just come in from the outer sect.

Pow!

Teng Yong’s huge palm suddenly struck over, causing Feng Nan Yi to fly out, smashing into the stone wall, blood flowing out of his mouth, and even teeth dropping from the ground.

"You ... "You ..." Feng Nan Yi held onto his swollen face, although he was furious in his heart, he was more frightened. Just now, the power of Teng Yong’s palm was extremely terrifying, he could clearly feel it, and did not dare to let out a breath.

"You are only a junior in my eyes, how dare you call me a dregs!" Teng Yong took two steps forward and stood in front of Feng Nan Yi, grabbed him up, and gave him another slap.

Hearing the loud applause, Feng Yuan who was watching from the side was also stunned, although his legs were weak, he reacted quickly, and rushed out of the stone door, but was caught by Chen Xiang.

"Senior ... I, I was wrong, please spare me! " Although he was an inner disciple, he did not have the support of the Dan God Institute and the elder courtyard. If he met a true disciple, even if he was crippled, he would not be able to do anything.

"Bastard! You’re just a little stubborn. I can let you get away with this, but ..." "Hum, hum, hum!" Teng Yong said, as he waved his fist out, striking Feng Nan Yi in the face. In just a few blinks of the eye, Feng Nan Yi had fainted from the hit.

Back when he entered the inner sect, he was also often bullied like this, so now he saw that no matter what, he had to teach this guy a lesson, not to mention that this woman, who had a good relationship with Chen Xiang, was bullied.

"Scram! Scram as far as you can! Don’t let me see you again!" Teng Yong grabbed Feng Nan Yi, and as if throwing a stone, he ruthlessly smashed towards Feng Yuan. Feng Yuan was smashed by his own father who was flying over, and also vomited blood from the strong impact.

From the moment Feng Nan Yi was slapped, he knew that Teng Yong was a very powerful Successor Disciple, so he did not dare to be arrogant again.

Feng Yuan carried his Southern Wing on his back and hurriedly ran out of the cave. He was worried that he too would suffer the same fate as his father. Previously, he had planned to abandon his father and run away.

"Don’t worry, there won’t be any consequences if I play this kind of game. Even if the Feng Clan comes, he can’t do anything to me!" Teng Yong said. He was a Hundred gods level after all, and as long as it wasn’t for the Bones, he would be fine. After all, he was already sealed off by the Dan God Institute, so there was nothing to be afraid of.

"Thank you, Big Brother Teng!" Feng Wu immediately thanked him.

"There’s no need to be polite, I just entered the inner court and was humiliated by this!" Those of us who came in from the outer sect should unite together to fight against the inner sect. " Teng Yong said to Chen Xiang: "Big brother, I have a few friends. Although they are not Hundred gods level s, they are not bad people, they are people that I trust. They are all friends who have gone through hardships, and also came from the outer sect.

"If possible, let them come over and talk to me. Shangpin bone level Dan s are definitely not few in number." Chen Xiang nodded his head, "We outer sect disciples should unite together. This way, we won’t have to look at the inner sect’s face."

Hua Lang said: "The outer sect disciples have long had this thought, for so many years, there have been people who have planned to do this, but the Dan God Institute and the elders do not care, because they are not a threat at all. And if they really do this, as long as the Dan God Institute blocks the high level divine pellet and do not distribute it to this group of people, it will naturally disband after a period of time."

Teng Yong said, "Back then, there was also a big brother who gathered us all together, but we couldn’t hold on for long. Without the help of the divine pellet, we could never improve, so in the end we could only disperse and continue to listen to the orders from the Dan God Institute and the Elder Hall."

The Pill God was controlled by a large power, and was also the core of a large power. Therefore, it was very difficult for Teng Yong and the others to recruit the Pill God back then, because they did not have enough resources and resources to have the Pill God help them. Furthermore, the position of the Pill God was extremely respected, and since they were a motley crowd, the Pill God would naturally not be with them.

But it was different now! Since Chen Xiang was able to provide the Bone level Dan, Teng Yong had already guessed that Chen Xiang was a Pill God. It was just that he was very curious as to why Chen Xiang did not enter the Dan God Institute. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

"I will go and find my brothers now. Ah Lang, pay attention to the movements of the father and son just now, maybe they will gather all of Feng Clan’s disciples here. As far as I know, Feng Clan also has two Successor Disciples here." Teng Yong said.