Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

C2253

Chen Xiang did not care about the other things in the auction, as long as he bought Qingxin spiritual lotus, it would be fine. He only had those Xiaping Dan he had equipped, if he bought other things, it would not be enough to buy Qingxin spiritual lotus.

From the start, it was the high rank Bone level Dan, which attracted many people to increase their strength. Bone level Dan s used Shen Yuan stone s to compete, but only small and medium-sized forces competed for it.

Very quickly, it was bought by over 90 billion Shen Yuan stone! This caused Chen Xiang to be secretly shocked in his heart. To think that a high rank Bone level Dan could be sold for such a high price!

The following items that were auctioned off were all Shangpin bone level Dan s, and this was the reason why it attracted many small and medium-sized forces. Under normal circumstances, Shangpin bone level Dan s would normally be sold at auction, and this time they were auctioned off consecutively for a few pellets!

Now, Chen Xiang understood why the big powers did not allow them to sell the Divine Pills privately. Only by doing this could they sell the Divine Pills for a higher price.

The Shangpin bone level Dan s were finally sold out. On the stage now was a high ranked divine blade, the starting bid was ten billion Shen Yuan stone s.

"This divine blade was crafted by the famous Star Law Divine Realm’s Terminator Divine Lord. Although it has been a long time, it still possesses a powerful might."

Even though it was only the best quality, it was still extremely valuable!

The starting price was ten billion, and not long after, it increased to over 400 billion. Chen Xiang also did not expect that the high quality divine tool would actually be able to reach such a level, he felt that if Liu Meng’er and the others were to refine it, this high quality divine tool would definitely not be a problem!

Although divine pellets could not be sold in Star Law Divine Realm privately, divine tools were allowed to!

In the end, the Taipin Dan was sold for more than 80 billion!

was getting impatient, but he had no choice but to continue waiting, he was clear that the items in front of the auction house were not considered expensive, and only the ones behind the auction house were the "big wares".

"Alright, everyone wait. What’s next is the Qingxin spiritual lotus that Everlasting Mountain has just picked, this divine lotus is a King grade’s divine medicine, as for its effects ... There’s no need for me to say any more. If it’s someone who wants it, they should all be clear about the effects of this Qingxin spiritual lotus. " The host said.

Qingxin spiritual lotus was able to stabilize a Ranker’s state of mind and drive them into the Divine Sense Sea. With the effects of Mind Cleansing and Soul-Fixing, the poison in Long Xueyi could spread to the inside of the Divine Sense Sea and heart, which was why the Three lotus Dan was needed as one of the medicinal ingredients.

"It’s finally begun!" Chen Xiang was secretly excited.

"The starting price is a hundred Xiaping bone level Dan, and every bid cannot be lower than ten!" The host said, "Let the auction begin!"

The people who were participating in the auction for the first time let out exclamations of admiration. They had never seen anything that could only be bought with Xiaping bone level Dan s, and the starting price was a hundred of them! This was equivalent to a hundred billion Shen Yuan stone, and none of the things that were previously auctioned off were worth more than a hundred billion.

Chen Xiang wasn’t so nervous anymore. He had prepared about two thousand Xiaping bone level Dan, and he wanted to buy them.

"One hundred and twenty pills!" Someone began to shout. After all, this was a King grade divine medicine, so even if it was useless, it was fine to plant it first. If they met someone who continued to grow this kind of divine medicine, then they would definitely earn some money. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Within the Wang Ancient Heavenly Star, there was only one major power, the Everlasting Mountain, and right now it was the Everlasting Mountain who wanted to auction it. Therefore, the Everlasting Mountain would not participate.

Very quickly, the number of Xiaping bone level Dan s increased to two hundred!

"Two hundred and ten!" Chen Xiang shouted.

"Two hundred and thirty!" An old man said indifferently. Right now, the people participating in the competition were the heavyweights of a few powers, they usually had their own collection of Bone level Dan, which was why they were able to participate in this kind of auction. If it was any ordinary person, where did all these Bone level Dan come from?

There were only a few people bidding right now, and it quickly reached 700 pills! And now, only Chen Xiang and the old man were fighting.

"Seven hundred eighty!" Chen Xiang shouted, he did not feel the pinch right now, but thinking about how these Bone level Dan would all enter the Dan God Institute, he felt extremely unhappy in his heart.

Finally, the old man did not make a sound, the Qingxin spiritual lotus was bought by Chen Xiang!

"It seems that I have overestimated the wealth of the Wang Ancient Heavenly Star." Chen Xiang went to the backstage and gave seven hundred and eighty Xiaping bone level Dan, then returned to his seat.

He still had over a thousand Xiaping bone level Dan, he had thought that he could get up to a thousand!

"That’s normal too. No matter how rich a small or medium-sized power is, what kind of thing is a Bone level Dan? Being controlled by a large power like the Everlasting Mountain, although they usually stock up quite a bit, they can’t possibly use up all of it all at once! " Yue Er said.

A power could use seven hundred Xiaping bone level Dan to exchange for godly medicines, which meant that this power had some background. Otherwise, who would be willing to give it up?

When Chen Xiang went backstage, everyone saw him! The big shots here all knew about the big shots of the Wang Ancient Heavenly Star, but Chen Xiang had a strange face, so they were all very curious.

"Master, I’m leaving. Do you want to continue watching?" Chen Xiang passed by where they were at and gave them each a Storage bag, which contained fifty of them.

Since he had already obtained the Qingxin spiritual lotus, Chen Xiang did not plan to stay there any longer. He wanted to return and check on Teng Yong’s situation.

"Let’s keep watching. Thanks a lot." Huang Jintian had accepted the Xiaping bone level Dan that Chen Xiang had given them with a smile. He knew that this kind of divine pill was nothing in Chen Xiang’s eyes, but it was an astronomical figure for them.

When Chen Xiang left the auction, he had already changed his appearance. His actions today would definitely arouse suspicion, so he was extremely cautious!

"We are not familiar with these Xiaping bone level Dan! And it looks very fresh. It’s just been out of the oven for a short while, so these seven hundred pills are all the same! " An elder of the Dan God Institute obtained Chen Xiang’s Xiaping bone level Dan. After carefully analysing it, he found it unbelievable.

"Impossible, these Xiaping bone level Dan were all refined within half a month, and it looks like they were all created by a single person. Someone actually managed to refine around eight hundred Bone level Dan in such a short period of time. What is his purpose in coming to the Wang Ancient Heavenly Star? "

The sudden appearance of a Pill God with such a profound skill made the old Pill Gods of Everlasting Mountain very uneasy. This was because this man was a threat to their position in Everlasting Mountain.

Just as Chen Xiang returned to the Everlasting Mountain, he saw Feng Wu heading down the mountain!

"Feng Wu, where are you going? It’s best if you don’t wander around during this period of time. Feng Nan Yi might be looking for an opportunity to take revenge on us. " Chen Xiang said.

"Of course it’s to hunt Special god beast. It has to be completed every month. You just entered the inner sect, so you don’t need to use it for the first month." Feng Wu said: "I can also complete it in advance. For next month’s, that way I’ll have enough time to close up!"