Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

C2254

Seeing that Feng Wu was in such a good mood, Chen Xiang knew that Feng Wu had used his Bones once again.

"How many are there?" Chen Xiang laughed and asked.

Feng Wu stretched out three of his fingers and smiled sweetly at Chen Xiang. "I’m going to hunt Special god beast now, my Bones also needs divine soul!"

"Alright, be careful!" Chen Xiang nodded.

Feng Wu already had three Bones, this was the minimum requirement to be promoted to a Successor Disciple! The Zhongpin bone level Dan no longer suited her, what she needed now was the Shangpin bone level Dan!

Not long after he returned to his cave abode, Hua Lang came over.

"Brother Yong is already back, and he’s even with one of his brothers. He wants me to tell you that they’ll be there soon!" Hua Lang seemed very excited. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"Allen, why are you so happy? Could it be that you have condensed a set of Bones? " Chen Xiang laughed.

"Of course not, I don’t have any plans for cultivation yet. Let’s talk about it when I have some free time!" Hua Lang said, "I’m excited because Brother Yong’s brother is more famous than Brother Yong. Furthermore, he has been missing for ten thousand years. I don’t know how Brother Yong found him!"

"It’s been missing for ten thousand years?" Chen Xiang was a little surprised: "He’s also a disciple of the Everlasting Mountain?"

"Of course he is, he is a legendary disciple of the Everlasting Mountain, who has a competition once in a while, and Brother Yong, this brother, has once defeated many Successor Disciples in this competition, thus becoming famous, but later on he also offended the Dan God Institute, and was sealed off by the Dan God Institute for a hundred thousand years, and he also disappeared during that time." Hua Lang said.

The Dan God Institute’s so-called ban was to not give any divine pellets and help refine them! This was very fatal for disciples, because true disciples would be able to buy Bone level Dan from Dan God Institute at a very affordable price. It’s just that they would need to do some things for Dan God Institute, but this was still better than not being able to buy Shangpin bone level Dan.

Chen Xiang laughed: Brother Yong’s brother should be hiding somewhere, and not missing. Seems like he would rather give the Shen Yuan stone to other forces than to Dan God Institute.

Furthermore, no one knew about the amount of Bones he had cultivated in the way of the sword. All they knew was that he was ranked in the top five true disciples, and the sword he used was the King grade God Sword.

Teng Yong had come, and was shouting Chen Xiang’s name at the entrance of the cave.

Chen Xiang immediately went over to open the door, and upon opening it, Teng Yong immediately pulled in the man with the conical bamboo hat.

He was Jing Ze, an extremely gentle looking middle-aged man with a mustache and a small goatee. When he smiled, he squinted his eyes, showing a kind smile.

"Brother, this is my brother, Jing Ze!" Teng Yong said: "I had to run around many places to find this bastard."

"I understand Ah Yong’s character. Since he calls you big brother, and I followed him here, I’m afraid I’ll have to call you big brother." Jing Ze said.

Teng Yong had already told him about Chen Xiang giving the Shangpin bone level Dan before, and this indeed had a great temptation. They didn’t need a large number of Shen Yuan stone, nor did they need to do excessive things to get the Shangpin bone level Dan.

"These are two Shangpin bone level Dan. Since you want to call me Big Brother, then I can’t be stingy." Chen Xiang laughed: "To be honest, the reason why I want to establish a small power is also for my own safety in the future, you all should be able to guess that I am a Pill God, my pill refining skills are not inferior to those old fellows in Dan God Institute, and I do not want to be controlled by them, so I can only make my own path."

To fight against the Dan God Institute! This was something that Teng Yong and Jing Ze would love to see, and right now, Chen Xiang was obviously going to smash Dan God Institute’s bowl, but after doing so, he would be threatened by the Dan God Institute, so he needed someone to protect him. They would soon understand.

"Don’t worry Big Brother, as long as it’s against Dan God Institute, I will definitely support you!" His hands were still trembling. He had been busy for close to ten thousand years, yet he had only managed to get two Shangpin bone level Dan of poor quality. Now, however, he had gotten two of them just from meeting Chen Xiang.

"Our current strength is far from enough to contend with the Dan God Institute’s Elder’s Hall, so we have to rope in a few more experts. Don’t worry about the divine pills." Chen Xiang said: "I am worried about the Leader, he is definitely very strong, when the time comes he will be our greatest threat."

"That’s not it, Leader is still a good person. He had pleaded for us for mercy on our behalf, but he had no choice but to do so on his own." Teng Yong said: "Big brother, you might not understand our Leader. You will know once you come in contact with him!"

Hua Lou quickly nodded his head: "Leader had long disliked the inner sect bullying the outer sect so he had always wanted to change the rules and make the original disciples of the inner sect go hunt for Special god beast s as well. It’s just that it’s not easy to achieve."

"Oh? Why, he’s a Leader! " Chen Xiang was a little confused: "Isn’t he supposed to be the strongest and the most powerful person in the Everlasting Mountain?"

"Of course not, that depends on the elder courtyard and the Dan God Institute, and also on that group of original disciples. As long as they join forces and do not listen to Leader, even the Leader would not be able to do anything! You must know that in the inner sect, the strongest is the Dan God Institute, then the elders’ courtyard, and finally that group of true disciples. " Hua Lang said.

"Those true disciples are not going to take care of us, we are just the outer sect disciples. No matter what, we are considered the outer sect disciples, and only those local people are considered as the true inner sect disciples!" Teng Yong said.

Chen Xiang understood and nodded: "If that’s the case, then if Leader wanted to change the rules, then that group of born and bred inner sect disciples would not agree to it. This means that they will be the same as the outer sect disciples, and have to hunt Special god beast s every month.

"It’s exactly like this, all these years, we outer sect disciples have never experienced the hardships they have endured, they have even looked down on us, and are even treated coldly by the Dan God Institute. For those of us who can enter the outer sect, those who are able to become elders can only become deacons of the outer sect." Jing Ze sighed: "We have so many outer sect disciples, but many of them died, all of them went to hunt Special god beast s, thus our numbers are always that, so this will not threaten the status of inner sect disciples."

Chen Xiang thought for a while, then asked, "How strong are the people from the Dan God Institute and the elder’s courtyard? If we join forces with the outer sect disciples, will we be able to fight against them? "

Teng Yong and Jing Ze looked at each other as they pondered.

"It’s hard to say, but the difference between us and the inner disciples is that they have no life or death experiences, and rarely fight with Special god beast, but this is normal for us, if we fight, our fighting experience will be much richer, and we can fight with it! And their advantage is that they have a lot of resources, so it’s much easier for them to obtain divine pills than it is for us. They don’t have to do anything, and can give out more every month than us. " Jing Ze said.