Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

C2255 Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

After Chen Xiang understood the situation of the inner sect disciples, he felt that he had a very good chance of breaking through a corner of the Everlasting Mountain, and that was to take away all the disciples that entered the outer sect grounds.

Entering the inner sect from the outer sect was not easy. As long as a disciple could enter, they would be very outstanding. They had experienced hundreds of battles and lived their lives on the blade everyday. They could be said to be very outstanding wargods! Chen Xiang had interacted with Feng Wu before, so he understood him better.

"Among the outer sect disciples, there are two who are stronger, but we are not familiar with them, so we still understand them a little." Among the outer sect disciples, there are two who are stronger than the outer sect disciples, but we are not familiar with them. Teng Yong said: "They must also be suffering from the anger of the Dan God Institute, so we can try to rope them in."

Chen Xiang said: "My goal is to gather all of the disciples that come in from the outer sect together. It’s just that I need to come in secret and I must not let the inner sect find out. If we can do this, we will have the chance to occupy the entire Everlasting Mountain in the future. "

Teng Yong and Jing Ze both took in a breath of cold air. Chen Xiang’s ambition was actually so huge, he wanted to swallow Everlasting Mountain whole!

Chen Xiang took out two more Shangpin bone level Dan s and gave them to Teng Yong and Jing Ze respectively, then said: "You two go and rope in those two relatively strong outer sect disciples. The first step is to first gather all of the strongest outer sect disciples, and then let you two go and rope in the other inner sect disciples.

"In the rankings of the strength of true disciples, there are four that belong to the outer sect. If we can win over all of them, hehe!" Hua Lang smiled and said, "Big brother, when the time comes, our outer sect will be a powerful force."

"Since the Leader belongs to the Hundred gods level and the Nine Bones, then what is he trying to close up for? Didn’t we reach the limit? " Chen Xiang asked.

"It’s hard to say if this is the limit, but it’s possible that no one has ever stepped over it before, so that’s the limit. Right now, all the big shots of the various powers are trying to think of ways to break this limit." Jing Ze said, "According to what I know, there are people with Hundred gods level and nine Bones in the Dan God Institute and the clan of elders! And right now, I am only at the Hundred gods level and Four Divine Deity! "

Teng Yong was shocked, "You actually have four Bones? I still have three Bones s right now! "

To many Successor Disciples, three Bones was their limit. When Teng Yong found out that Jing Ze possessed four Bones, a surge of force rushed up his heart, wanting to level up as well.

"What will happen after I break through the Hundred gods level’s nine Bones? Star Law Divine Realm is so big, could it be that no one else has broken through? " Chen Xiang was very curious about this.

"There is something in the legends!" Jing Ze suddenly became serious: "It’s actually the old patriarchs of the Undead Divine Race and Divine Dragon Race. It is said that they all broke through this limit and then disappeared! That’s why the other big shots of the Heaven-stage Stars s are targeting these god race, wanting to find a way to breakthrough from their bodies. "

When Yue Er heard this, she was extremely shocked. She also felt that this was possible, it had been a long time since she had returned to the Star Law Divine Realm.

"I want to go into seclusion for a month to concoct pills!" Chen Xiang took out a few pieces of paper and gave them to Teng Yong, Jing Ze and Hua Huang respectively, and said: "These are the divine medicines for refining Bone level Dan, if you meet them, try your best to buy them back for me. I will help you refine them, they should be of high quality and not be of low or middle quality!"

There were designs on all the papers, so they could be identified with a glance. Teng Yong and the others were looking carefully, these were the divine medicines to refine Bone level Dan.

"Back then, a fellow with over a dozen Divine Deity bought a lot of these divine medicines. Afterwards, he was captured by the law enforcers, so you guys have to be careful! These divine medicines are definitely easy to buy, if not that guy would not have bought a large pile and eaten three Bones s. " Chen Xiang was talking about Yang Tianyi, and when he thought about this matter, he couldn’t help but admire him.

"Alright, we’ll be going now. We’ll come back to look for Eldest Brother in a month." Teng Yong said. Since he knew what kind of divine medicine it was, he only needed to buy it for Chen Xiang to refine.

Chen Xiang did this to ease the pressure of the divine medicine. The purple pearls that he condensed was simply a waste of money.

After Teng Yong and the others left, Chen Xiang ran into his room and prepared to begin his own cultivation.

"Chen Xiang, you have to become stronger quickly. Bring me to Cat Race and them." Yue’er said: "When you cultivate to the Hundred gods level and use Heavenly magic sword, you basically aren’t afraid of anyone."

"Un, I will do that right now! High-grade Nine Yin and yang Dan are no longer enough to satisfy me, so I want to refine high-grade Nine Yin and yang Dan. " Chen Xiang said.

The purple pearls that he condensed from the Alive Slain Method could at most be raised to the level of Shangpin medicine, they were unable to be ranked at all!

But, Six Realms God Cup s could!

He took out the two divine medicines that the Nine Yin and yang Dan had said he needed, placed them within the Six Realms God Cup, and then took out the Six Realms mirrors’s cooperation.

Nine Yin and yang Dan only wanted two divine medicines, and there were a lot of these two divine medicines here as well. The Alchemist s here did not even know that these were treasures, and only thought that they would explode.

Two hours passed, and Chen Xiang took out the merciful divine fruit and the Three disasters destroy flower.

"It’s not enough yet. I’m just a bit away from it." Chen Xiang quickly took the two divine medicines.

After another two hours, he took out the Three disasters destroy flower and merciful fruit.

"It’s a success!" Chen Xiang said excitedly: "It’s a pity that I don’t have enough purple pearls now, otherwise I would have copied a huge pile! If only Meng Er and the others are here, all of their Divine Deity s are far superior to mine in terms of using the Alive Slain Method. "

Chen Xiang spent one day to make six sets of the’s divine medicine through the Six Realms God Cup!

"This Nine Yin and yang Dan can only produce one pill, it can’t break through at all!" Chen Xiang had tried before, but none of them succeeded.

"Enough, the effects of the Nine Yin and yang Dan are so scary, giving out one pill is enough." Yue’er said: "If it’s of low quality, you should be able to condense your Divine Deity very quickly!"

"En, it is definitely better than an upper-level Nine Yin and yang Dan!" Chen Xiang said: "I will first test out how good the quality of the medicine is, and if it is not enough, I will refine a King grade later! This is also to prepare for the refining of Three lotus Dan. "

... ....

Ever since Chen Xiang used seven hundred and eighty pills to buy the Qingxin spiritual lotus, the Dan God Institute had been restless all day, because such a mysterious and powerful Pill God suddenly appeared in the Wang Ancient Heavenly Star, and was not under the control of the Everlasting Mountain. This made them extremely terrified, if the Pill God had refined other pills, that would be fine, but the pill he refined was actually the Bone level Dan! This was a divine pellet that could endanger the very foundation of Dan God Institute.

Because of this, Dan God Institute and the elder courtyard joined forces. They had the elder courtyard send people to investigate this matter, they wanted to know where the mysterious Pill God was!