Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

C2257

"The first two trials can be considered normal, but the second trial usually requires ten Xiaping bone level Dan s to be given to Dan God Institute?" Chen Xiang said as he frowned.

"If we don’t give them to the Xiaping bone level Dan, they have to give us ten billion! There’s no other way, who asked the Dan God Institute to be so powerful, this rule means that he wants to snatch either the Bone level Dan or the Shen Yuan stone. If you do not do as he says, then you can forget about taking the examination. " Jing Ze’s face was also filled with indignation.

"If I fail in the third stage, wouldn’t I have to start from the beginning again, kill king level Special god beast, and give the Dan God Institute another item?" Chen Xiang looked at Feng Wu and asked: "Feng Wu, are you prepared for the third stage? Are you confident? If we lose, we would have to start from the beginning, and that would benefit the Dan God Institute. "

"Of course I’m confident!" Feng Wu laughed: "I have four Divine Deity already!"

"So fast?" It’s only been a month! " Chen Xiang said in shock.

"There’s nothing we can do. When we’re lucky, we can’t stop." Feng Wu laughed very happily.

"I only have three as well." Teng Yong curled his lips and said: "Big Brother, look at the divine medicine we bought, right?"

Teng Yong and Jing Ze passed Chen Xiang a Storage bag.

Chen Xiang received it, looked at it, and laughed: "Right, these are all the divine medicines that the Shangpin bone level Dan needs!" Chen Xiang saw that all the Divine Medicines were already split into groups of thirty. If they were all refined into pills, that would not be a small amount.

"How many Shen Yuan stone s are there?" Chen Xiang asked.

"We bought all of these by ourselves. Adding them up, it was worth five billion Shen Yuan stone. It’s really cheap!" said. Both he and Jing Ze were very excited, if they could concoct divine pellets, even if they failed, there would be twenty of them!

To them, twenty Shangpin bone level Dan s was an extremely large number. If they had been able to get it before, they would have had to spend at least ten thousand years to get it, and this was only when the old Pill Gods were in a good mood. If they wanted to make things difficult for them, they would have had to sell themselves for even longer.

"Oh right, didn’t you say that you would go find the two stronger true disciples? What’s their attitude? " Chen Xiang asked.

"They were all sent by the Dan God Institute to do some work and have not returned yet. However, they have already promised me that when they return, they will agree to discuss the matter of the outer sect disciples’ unity with us." Teng Yong said. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "I will help you all refine these divine medicines into divine pellets. If possible, help me collect some of the Zhongpin bone level Dan’s divine pellets, because this is what is needed the most right now.

Teng Yong and Jing Ze both nodded. Although they had used up a lot of the Shen Yuan stone’s divine medicine to purchase those Shangpin bone level Dan, they had earned twenty of them just like that.

"Feng Wu, you will be competing with a Successor Disciple next, right? When that time comes, I might not be able to spectate anymore. You must work hard and not lose to those inner sect disciples. " Chen Xiang patted her shoulder as he encouraged her.

"That’s for sure, I will definitely win when the time comes!" Hua Lang, this brat, has already passed, so I must pass as well. " Feng Wu laughed: "Otherwise, I would be laughed at by him."

"These are some high-quality healing medicine, it’s just powder, but it has good effects. Give it to Hua Lang to try, it should have some effects." Chen Xiang handed over a box of medicinal powder to Teng Yong.

"Good!" Brother, how long will you need to concoct the pill this time? If you want to quickly become a true disciple, you need to pay attention to the new month. Otherwise, you will have to wait for it to pass. " Teng Yong asked.

"I’ll be out in ten days!" After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he anxiously entered the room. To him, refining these thirty batches of Shangpin bone level Dan, did not even need ten days.

"If you can produce six pills in a single furnace, these thirty pills will be a hundred and eighty pills. Do you want to give them all of them? They definitely think that you can only refine more than twenty pills. " Yue Er asked with a smile.

"Give all of them! They have already called me big brother. How can I deceive them? " Chen Xiang laughed: "Only by doing this can we gather them, allowing them to become more ambitious, and to become stronger! After all, they are all people who have cultivated to the Hundred gods level. "

Chen Xiang was currently refining Shangpin dan very easily, because he was using Chuangshi god furnace s to refine. When this Chuangshi god furnace was used to fight, it could release very terrifying flames, but when used to refine pills, especially when using Original source refining, it could quickly refine out Spirit blood s that were using divine medicine!

After the fusion between the Chuangshi god furnace and Chen Xiang, it could adjust the various functions of the flame according to Chen Xiang’s will. If it was used for battle, the flame would be very strong.

In just three days, Chen Xiang had refined all thirty sets of divine medicines, and everything went extremely smoothly. He needed to cultivate his Divine Deity now. Previously, he had told the five Beast statue in the Second Divine Sense Sea that as long as he could cultivate the Hundred gods level and Bones to the Great Perfection Stage, the Second Divine Sense Sea would appear.

Right now, he was very curious about the Second Divine Sense Sea. He really wanted to see how strong the Second Divine Sense Sea would be once he came out!

Ten days passed quickly, Teng Yong and Jing Ze had long since returned, when they were in and out they had disguised themselves, and no one would be able to see through them. Otherwise, it would arouse the suspicions of others, and they were two of the more powerful outer sect disciples.

Chen Xiang took a comfortable bath in his room before coming out. This time, he saw Hua Lang, who looked pretty good with the purple jade pendant by his waist, this was the symbol of a Successor Disciple.

"Ah Lang, not bad!" Chen Xiang laughed, then looked towards Feng Wu who was seated beside her, but she did not have a purple jade pendant around her waist.

"Feng Wu, can’t you pass?" Chen Xiang frowned, but he did not look like one, because Feng Wu was also full of smiles.

"Who said that!?" I successfully passed. I can say that my luck is pretty good. The guy that was selected to fight me was relatively weak, so I quickly took care of him. "

Chen Xiang nodded: "That’s good!" Then, he took out a relatively large jade box and handed it over to Jing Ze.

This was a Shangpin bone level Dan, and both Jing Ze and Jing Ze were very nervous at the moment. This was the first time they had asked the Pill God to refine a divine pellet for them, and it was a high grade Bone level Dan as well, they didn’t know how many of them.

Jing Ze took it and opened it. The medicinal fragrance that instantly gushed out from the jade box stunned both him and Teng Yong. Even Feng Wu was surprised, because this medicinal fragrance was simply too dense, and it was the medicinal fragrance of a Bone level Dan!