Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang and Feng Wu both walked very quickly, and after walking for a distance, the elders and the shopkeeper of the Feng Clan were still following them. Until now, Feng Wu had not discovered the two people following them, which was what Chen Xiang had told her.

"What are they trying to do? Do you want to find out our identities? " Feng Wu sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang, but she was no longer so nervous, because she saw that Chen Xiang was very calm. Regarding this kind of thing, she did not have much experience.

"We’ll know once we leave the city. Anyway, it won’t be anything good!" Chen Xiang said: "Don’t worry, their strength should be considered good in the Feng Clan, but it isn’t too strong in my eyes."

Just like the Great Heaven School, the Feng Clan was at most slightly stronger than the Great Heaven School, and the Great Clan Elder of the Great Heaven School was easily killed by Chen Xiang, so the following elder would definitely not be any stronger than the Great Clan Elder of the Great Heaven School. Thinking of this, Feng Wu could finally relax.

Feng Wu brought Chen Xiang to take a shortcut and very quickly, they arrived at the city gate. The Feng Clan Elders and the pawnshop manager were still very tight on each other!

"Let’s leave the city!" Chen Xiang said.

Feng Wu brought Chen Xiang out of the city gate, and the two of them started sprinting. Not long after, they left the city, and arrived at the mountain forest.

Along the way, their speed wasn’t very fast. This was also what Chen Xiang wanted to see what the two people behind them were planning.

Chen Xiang and Feng Wu entered a gorge, and just as they were about to fly out of the gorge, two people suddenly appeared in front of them.

"It’s indeed Feng Qing and the shopkeeper!" Feng Wu immediately transmitted to Chen Xiang: "Do you want to take action now?"

"Not now!" Chen Xiang said.

"If you want to make a move, leave Feng Qing to me, he will be the elder of the Feng Clan." Feng Wu said: "I want to see how much stronger I am compared with him!"

"Alright!" Chen Xiang immediately nodded.

Feng Qing and the pawnshop manager had increased their speed a moment ago and flew over from high up in the sky before landing at the entrance to the valley to intercept Chen Xiang and the others.

"You two, what do you mean by this? Could it be that he wants to go back on the agreement with the Bisheng immortal lotus? " Chen Xiang said.

We feel that the Bisheng immortal lotus is worth two thousand Xiaping bone level Dan. You only gave us nine hundred, and you still owe us one thousand and one. " Feng Qing smirked: "If you don’t give it to me, don’t think of leaving this place alive! You owe us a thousand and one Xiaping bone level Dan. "

"If you go back on your word, wouldn’t it have been fine if we didn’t do business?" I’ll just return the Bisheng immortal lotus back to you guys. " Chen Xiang took out a jade box, "Then you must at least return the nine hundred Bone level Dan to me. I don’t have a thousand and one hundred Bone level Dan with me right now! "

"Since you are unable to repay your debt, then use the Bisheng immortal lotus to repay it!" The pawnbroker laughed and took out a large hammer.

Chen Xiang frowned, and said: "Your Feng Clan is considered a well-known family, yet you guys are so despicable. Aren’t you afraid of being laughed at if this gets out? " FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Feng Qing laughed coldly: "Of course not, because all of you will soon become dead, how will you spread the word?"

Chen Xiang summoned his Heavenly magic sword, and seeing him take out that terrifying broken sword, Feng Wu was secretly shocked in his heart. Last time, Chen Xiang used this sword to cut the Armored crocodile into two.

"I’ll leave that old man to you!" Chen Xiang said to Feng Wu. Feng Wu had said before that she would spar with an elder of the Feng Clan.

With that, Chen Xiang flew towards the pawnshop owner, his speed was extremely fast, both the pawnshop owner and Feng Qing did not expect that Chen Xiang would actually take the initiative to attack.

"I really don’t know where all of you get the confidence to actually think that you can kill us?" Chen Xiang looked as though he had rushed over, but when he was about to fly halfway, he suddenly appeared behind the pill shop manager. As he said that, he held his sword with one hand and slashed lightly, as if he was slashing through the air, a pale white semicircle of light flashed in the air, the Heavenly magic sword gently cut apart the body of the shopkeeper, slicing him in half.

"Hmm? How could he die so easily? I thought you were so strong! If I knew earlier, I wouldn’t have used my sword! " Chen Xiang’s face revealed a look of astonishment.

Feng Wu was still standing at his original position, while Feng Qing was still standing beside the pawnshop manager. Looking at the body that was split into two, his face was filled with shock, this pawnshop owner’s Divine Deity was at 90%, which in the Wind City and even the Feng Clan, was considered relatively strong. But now, it was like tofu, being easily sliced into two by Chen Xiang.

Feng Wu immediately reacted as she shot forward, her arms filled with an extremely violent energy. It was actually a vibrating power, and as the divine power passed through her four Bones and more than eighty Divine Deity, it became even more violent.

Feng Qing felt a burst of energy approaching him and wanted to dodge, but he was worried that Chen Xiang would attack. At this moment, he was extremely frightened, both he and the pawnshop manager never thought that these two seemingly young people would have such terrifying power.

Feng Wu struck out his palm, causing her oscillating divine power to rush out and transform into an invisible force. When she was still quite a distance away from Feng Qing, she had already charged over and crashed into his body.

Feng Qing initially did not plan to dodge it, because when he moved, he was definitely being watched by Chen Xiang.

Bang!

Feng Wu’s Oscillating God Force was very strong, the shock wave was like the impact of the mountains and rivers, sending Feng Qing flying, but he looked fine. It could be seen that his Divine Armor was extremely strong, able to absorb such a strong attack force.

Chen Xiang watched from the side, and did not make a move, but now, he could already see that Feng Wu’s strength was stronger than Feng Qing’s!

Feng Wu had already predicted that Feng Qing would use Divine Armor to block, so after she struck out with her palm, he estimated that Feng Qing would be blown away. Not long after he landed, Feng Wu’s fist had already fiercely smashed towards Feng Qing’s head.

RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU...!

Feng Wu’s consecutive punches carried an extremely berserk vibrating power, which pierced through Feng Qing’s defense and shook his head. Just these few punches alone made Feng Qing feel dizzy and dizzy, golden stars shining in his eyes.

"Old bastard, look who I am!" Feng Wu took off his disguise.

Feng Qing looked at Feng Wu’s face in a daze and stuttered, "You ... You are Feng Wu, you little slut ... "

"You’re courting death!" Feng Wu was furious, he fiercely stomped down on Feng Qing’s abdomen, the shaking power penetrated through the Divine Armor and entered Feng Qing’s body, shaking Feng Qing’s body until it was like mud.

Chen Xiang anxiously walked over and used Soul Absorbing Devil Spell on Feng Qing, absorbing his divine power and divine soul. Then, he mixed them together and took out the nine hundred Xiaping bone level Dan s.

"This guy actually has a Shangpin bone level Dan and ten middle grade Bones Gods. He’s pretty rich!" Chen Xiang laughed.