Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Feng Wu saw that Feng Qing was near his last breath and was extremely excited: "I am no longer afraid of Feng Clan, I only think of using me to exchange for more benefits!"

Chen Xiang took out the Chuangshi god furnace and released a small ball of flame from it. Then, he controlled this ball of flame to fall onto Feng Qing’s body, and instantly burned Feng Qing’s body into ashes.

Seeing how terrifying the flames were, Feng Wu immediately took a few steps back.

"What kind of flame is this? This is too scary! " Feng Wu was so scared that his face turned pale.

"Don’t be afraid, under my control, these flames will not burn you. Even if you touch them, it will be fine." Chen Xiang laughed.

Feng Wu stuck out his tongue and laughed: "Looks like these fellows think that there are too many Xiaping bone level Dan and they actually came back to return them to you! You have gotten the Bisheng immortal lotus for nothing. "

When he saw Feng Qing following them, he had already guessed that the other party was planning to attack them and retrieve the Bisheng immortal lotus. He had also encountered this kind of thing before, which was why he intentionally lured Feng Qing out of the city.

"Where are we going now? You still lack one type of Divine Lotus, and you can refine Three lotus Dan to cure your wife’s poison. " Feng Wu’s eyes lit up, and said: "How about we go to Cang Cloud City to find that old man who knows everything, and maybe ask him a few questions."

"Yes!" "Why didn’t I think of it? I should have tried it long ago." Chen Xiang laughed.

"I didn’t think about it before. I’ve always thought that he only knew a few things that had nothing to do with pills. Let’s give it a try first." Feng Wu said.

After that, the two of them returned to the Wind City, and via the Feng City’s Transmission array, they arrived at Cang Cloud City.

Chen Xiang and Feng Wu went to look for the mysterious old man, but when the old man saw them, he just chuckled.

"If I’m not wrong, the Heavenly Aquarius should be in your hands!" The old man laughed, he was so well-informed, he knew about Yu Zhen the moment he was killed by Chen Xiang. At that time, he was very surprised about Chen Xiang’s strength, how could he be so powerful, and even daring to kill Yu Zhen in front of everyone.

Chen Xiang did not reply, he only smiled.

"Old mister, we’re looking for you to inquire about the whereabouts of a type of divine medicine. I wonder if you have any reliable news?" Feng Wu asked with a smile.

"Go ahead!" The old man laughed, "Let’s see what you are asking for first, then I will tell you the price!"

"Purple Heart Lotus!" Chen Xiang said.

The old man thought for a moment, then said: "A single Xiaping bone level Dan, I’ll tell you guys!"

"You’re really evil, each time you get more expensive than the last!" A single Xiaping bone level Dan is worth one billion. " Feng Wu immediately said.

Chen Xiang never thought that the other party would offer such a high price, much higher than before.

"Do you still want to know the whereabouts of the Purple Heart Lotus? After I tell you the news, you all have a great chance of obtaining the Purple Heart Lotus. If you were a little slower, it would be gone. " The old man laughed.

Chen Xiang had already taken out a Xiaping bone level Dan. He didn’t feel bad about it, it was just that Feng Wu had gotten used to trying to haggle. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

"Old mister, please speak!" Chen Xiang said, all he was missing was the Purple Heart Lotus, so even if he gathered all of the Three lotus Dan’s divine medicine, he would soon be able to refine the Antidote Pill.

"On a Earth-stage Stars called Qing Xuan, in about three days, a few big shots of powers will gather there, and they will conduct an exchange! The condition to get in is to get precious divine medicines or divine pellets. Of course, you have to pay a fee of five million Shen Yuan stone. " The old man said as he took out a piece of paper and wrote down the location in detail and passed it to Chen Xiang.

"Only in the Thousand Ancient City will we be able to find the Transmission array to Cyan Profound Star. After we reach the Cyan Profound Star, you all have to be careful. That place will be a bit more chaotic." The old man said.

After finding out the whereabouts of the Purple Heart Lotus, Chen Xiang and Feng Wu immediately rushed over to the Thousand Ancient City, and then through the Thousand Ancient City to teleport to Cyan Profound Star, they spent a lot of money on teleporting. Fortunately, Feng Wu had amassed a lot of Shen Yuan stone in the past few years, and she did not need to buy any Bone level Dan now, so she did not care about the Shen Yuan stone.

"Earth-stage Stars is just not the same, the difference is too big compared to Heaven-stage Stars." After Chen Xiang arrived at the Cyan Profound Star, he felt as if his breathing was a little uncomfortable.

"Of course, this is how the Earth-stage Stars is. Staying in the Heaven-stage Stars for a long time, it would be hard to get used to going to other stars! I don’t really care about it anymore. I have long since gotten used to hunting Special god beast s and running all over the place. " Feng Wu smiled and said, "We should be safer here, at least we don’t have to worry about Everlasting Mountain."

Now that Chen Xiang and Feng Wu had not changed their appearances, they used their original appearances to head towards the trade fair.

Chen Xiang and Feng Wu arrived at the city mentioned by the old man. This city was relatively small, and also very cold. They couldn’t understand why a trade fair would be held in such a city.

Just as Chen Xiang was feeling suspicious, Yue’er said: "The main reason why they are hosting such a trade fair in this place is to avoid the law enforcers. Some law enforcers like to mess with this kind of thing, because this kind of thing is against the rules. Therefore, these kinds of trade fairs would usually be held in private, where friends would pass the information to each other and the Enforcers would not know about it. "

Feng Wu and Chen Xiang arrived outside a villa at the side of the small city. When he and Feng Wu were about to enter, the guards at the entrance of the Villa were already extremely vigilant.

"Who brought you here?" A guard arrived.

"Yes ..." An old mister in Cang Cloud City who knows everything. " Feng Wu had an idea.

The guard nodded and said, "Please enter!"

Chen Xiang never thought that the old man would actually have such face. Without even saying his name, the guards had already let them in! This made him feel that the old man was the person behind this trade fair.

After entering the Villa, there was immediately someone who came to receive Chen Xiang and the others. Chen Xiang invited them to a guest hall, and then there was an old man who was specially responsible for confirming their qualifications to participate.

"People who participate in trade fairs usually have something to exchange with. I wonder what you guys will take out to trade with others?" The old man asked gently.

"Will that do?" Chen Xiang took out two Shangpin bone level Dan s and asked.

The old man quickly nodded, "Enough, enough!"

Shangpin bone level Dan s could not be considered expensive compared to many high level divine medicines, but they were extremely rare and would only appear at regular auctions by large powers.

Feng Wu paid the price of five million Shen Yuan stone, because she was only going to accompany Chen Xiang, she had to pay it by herself.

Chen Xiang’s main goal was the Purple Heart Lotus, and he had made sufficient preparations this time, this was a trade fair, if the Xiaping bone level Dan s were not enough, he could use the King grade s’ divine medicines to exchange, and the Six Realms God Cup’s divine medicines were all double shared.

In another two days, the trade fair would begin. In this period of time, Chen Xiang used the Six Realms God Cup to complement the large number of purple pearls that he had condensed before, and replicated the Bisheng immortal lotus.