Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

To build a sect on top of the Everlasting Mountain, it meant defeating all of the powers in the Everlasting Mountain. It might even attract some of the great powers from other Heaven-stage Stars s to encircle and annihilate the sect, because what Chen Xiang had done was to break the rules of the Star Law Divine Realm.

Chen Xiang took out a jade talisman and recorded his voice. He didn’t say anything else and only agreed to meet with the Eternal Leader at a place and talk to him alone.

Hua Lang said: "After Leader came out, he also frequently went to visit the outer sect disciples, I often saw him, so it wouldn’t be difficult for me to hand this thing over to him."

Chen Xiang nodded his head, "Then you should hurry up and do it!"

After Hua Lang left, the other ten disciples also went into closed door cultivation.

Feng Wu said: "During this period of time, the Feng Clan has spread about everything related to you, saying that you have broken the rules and are selling Bone level Dan s everywhere! Furthermore, I wonder how they knew you killed Yu Zhen. "

"This should have something to do with the old man from Cang Cloud City, the omniscient old man definitely revealed it. Even though he promised me that he wouldn’t leak out any of it, when Feng Hao asks him about other things, he would inevitably say a little more." Chen Xiang said: "Don’t bother with him for now, it won’t affect me much."

Huang Jintian laughed: Why can’t it affect? Enforcers are trying to capture you everywhere. If you get caught, you’ll be locked up in hell. You might even get killed. "

Chen Xiang laughed out loud: "If they can find me, that’s for the best. I’d like to see just how capable they are!"

"Feng Wu, since the Feng Clan is spreading news about me, then it means that we are enemies. You must think of a way to tell Feng Hao to restrain him a little, or else when I have formed my power, I will immediately destroy his Feng Clan to display my might."

Feng Wu nodded his head, "And the Great Heaven School, they have already confirmed that you were the one who killed Yu Zhen, and they are searching everywhere for your whereabouts."

"who steals chickens and dogs, I will definitely exterminate him!" Chen Xiang said: "I will first meet with the Eternal Leader, hopefully, we will succeed this time."

Chen Xiang used the Space wind and disappeared from the great hall in the blink of an eye, leaving the Villa.

... ....

Outside of the Cang Cloud City was a stone mountain that looked like a pillar of the heavens. The summit of the mountain was above the clouds, and Chen Xiang was at the peak of one of the mountains, looking down at the surging sea of snow-white clouds.

At noon, with the sun at the head of the mountain peak, Chen Xiang was being exposed to the sun, but this did not affect him in the slightest.

Not long after, a white silhouette flew over from afar. From afar, Chen Xiang could see that it was an energetic old man dressed in a white robe, with long hair and youthful looks. This person was none other than the Eternal Leader, Dai Donggong!

In the blink of an eye, Dai Donggong had already floated in front of Chen Xiang. He frowned slightly, revealing a trace of anger, because Chen Xiang had started a massacre in the Everlasting Mountain, causing the Everlasting Mountain to lose a few inner disciples and an elder.

Sensing Dai Donggong’s anger, Chen Xiang also secretly became vigilant. This Dai Donggong was a peak ranker, and could be said to be the strongest person he had ever met.

However, what made him relieved was that although Dai Donggong was angry, he was able to restrain himself. Moreover, his body emitted a wave of righteous energy, and now he understood why only Dai Donggong did not go to the Everlasting Mountain that the other big shots of the other stars joined hands to kill the Undead Divine Race. It was because he was filled with righteousness, such a person would not do such a thing.

"You are my enemy, I should have killed you!" Dai Donggong observed Chen Xiang for a long time and was the first to reply.

"But I never saw you as an enemy!" Chen Xiang smiled lightly: "As the Leader, you can be considered to have failed. If you could make the environment of the Everlasting Mountain more fair and harmonious, I wouldn’t be bullied, and there wouldn’t be the matter of me starting a massacre! You are also at fault for this matter. "

Dai Donggong frowned slightly, a trace of grief could be seen in her spirited eyes. Chen Xiang didn’t know why her words would cause such a reaction.

"You’re right!" As Dai Donggong looked at the endless content within, the expression in his eyes grew distant and he let out a long sigh.

"Senior, could it be that you have something that’s difficult to say?" Chen Xiang felt that such a righteous elder would not be able to control the situation in the Everlasting Mountain.

Dai Donggong did not answer him, but asked him a question instead: "Why did you invite me here?" His back was facing Chen Xiang, which meant that he did not have any wariness against Chen Xiang. He could also tell that Chen Xiang did not have any malice towards him.

"It’s something related to Heavenly Aquarius." Chen Xiang’s words made Dai Donggong tremble all over.

Dai Donggong suddenly turned around, his eyes became extremely sharp, but he was able to control his emotions and asked slowly: "Do you know the relationship between me and the Heavenly Aquarius? Since that’s the case, you should know about the matter regarding my beloved son, right? "

"I just know that the Heavenly Aquarius was created by you, senior, and given to your son. Death, Heavenly Aquarius’s whereabouts are unknown. " Chen Xiang said: "The Heavenly Aquarius is currently in my hands, but..."

Seeing Dai Donggong’s expression changed, Chen Xiang anxiously retreated, and said loudly: "But I did not kill him, the Heavenly Aquarius was only obtained from another person’s hands, but I know who held the Heavenly Aquarius."

"Continue!" Dai Donggong took a deep breath.

In order to calm him down, Chen Xiang handed the Heavenly Aquarius over to Dai Donggong.

"I got the Heavenly Aquarius from Yu Zhen, but I don’t know where he got it from." What Chen Xiang had said was the truth. He then continued, "However, I feel that this matter is definitely related to the Leader s. To Senior, this is the only clue."

Dai Donggong withdrew the Heavenly Aquarius. This was his son’s inheritance, it was extremely important! Although he gave the Heavenly Aquarius back, Chen Xiang didn’t feel it was a pity. The Heavenly Aquarius wasn’t of much use to him.

"You didn’t call me here about the Heavenly Aquarius, right?" Dai Donggong had lived for so long, how could he not see through Chen Xiang’s thoughts?

The reason why Chen Xiang took out the Heavenly Aquarius was to resolve the conflict between him and Dai Donggong.

"That’s right!" Chen Xiang laughed: "Senior, I helped you find the Heavenly Aquarius and even gave you a clue, shouldn’t you be grateful to me?" 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Dai Donggong nodded his head, "The Heavenly Aquarius has a very important meaning to me, I will be grateful to you!"

Chen Xiang withdrew his smile and spoke in a serious tone: "Senior, there must be something hard for you to say in Everlasting Mountain. That’s why you were restricted by Dan God Institute or the clan of elders, and because of that, you can’t change Everlasting Mountain, right?"

Chen Xiang had already seen through it just now!

"Yes!" Dai Donggong admitted it, "But from today onwards, they will no longer be able to control me! It is time for me to do what Leader should do. "

Dai Donggong seemed to have made some painful decision. He was able to control his emotions, but he was still unable to hide the pain on his face.