Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Although Chen Xiang and Dai Donggong had only chatted for a short while, they had already understood that Dai Donggong and the Dan God Institute’s Elder’s Hall was not on the same side.

"Senior, how did they threaten you? Maybe I can help you! " Chen Xiang said.

"No one can help me. For many years, for my own selfish reasons, I have caused Everlasting Mountain to become more and more crooked, and I have disappointed the great hopes that he had placed on me back then! Now that I have decided to give up on certain things, this is the only way to change the Everlasting Mountain. " Dai Donggong sighed.

Chen Xiang said: "Senior, to be honest, the real reason I came to find you was to rope you into the power I created!"

When Chen Xiang came, he did have such thoughts, but at that time, he did not decide either, so he wanted to see what kind of person the Eternal Leader was first.

Dai Donggong never thought that Chen Xiang would actually have such a goal. He really wanted to know why Chen Xiang had such confidence to win him over.

"Everlasting Mountain’s current environment is hopeless." Chen Xiang said: "You should know this better than me. No matter what you do next, you will become Everlasting Mountain’s enemy!"

"They’ve already gotten used to being lazy over the years, suddenly telling them to risk their lives to do something is equivalent to taking their lives! And the strongest power in the Everlasting Mountain is precisely this group of people. If you force them to hunt Special god beast s, they will definitely work together to resist you. "

"That’s right!" Dai Donggong sighed: "But... Was the Everlasting Mountain going to end like this? If this goes on, in the future, if there will be a conflict, Everlasting Mountain will definitely die. Even if I know the result, I still have to try.

The majority of the inner sect disciples of the Everlasting Mountain could not compare to the outer sect disciples, but the outer sect disciples were always forced to do dangerous things. For many years, the majority of the outer sect disciples could not compare to the outer sect disciples of the Everlasting Mountain, but the outer sect disciples were always forced to do dangerous things.

Hearing Dai Donggong’s words, Chen Xiang was secretly shocked. This Dai Donggong seemed to know what kind of calamity was going to befall the Star Law Divine Realm, it was as if the Star Law Divine Realm had been peaceful for many years.

Chen Xiang laughed coldly: "Why would you make the inner disciples of the Everlasting Mountain listen to you? You can give them a godly pill? I’m afraid even the outer sect disciples won’t listen to you, because you can’t bring them any benefits. They were full of yearning to enter the inner sect, so how could they know about all the things that happened and all their dreams! The only reason the outer sect disciples still stayed was to get some divine pellets, and only the Dan God Institute s were the core of the entire Everlasting Mountain! As for you, you’re just a relatively strong fighter. "

Dai Donggong frowned, but Chen Xiang had stabbed him right in the heart. Even though he was a Leader, he truly did not have much appeal in Everlasting Mountain, and the inner sect disciples did not like him, but he could not improve the treatment of the outer sect disciples. The outer sect disciples could only say that he was a good person, but would absolutely not listen to him.

Chen Xiang chuckled, "The current accusation of the elders is to protect the Dan God Institute and obtain the divine pellets! And if you want to change the Everlasting Mountain, you must first control the Dan God Institute, but the Dan God Institute will definitely not let you succeed, he will let the Elder Hall deal with you! or even join together to fight you. "

Dai Donggong was speechless, his current situation was extremely awkward. He clenched his fists tightly, and his body kept on trembling.

"The reason why you became like this is because of your weakness! You were threatened by the Dan God Institute a long time ago, right? Therefore, you should have made your move earlier, and now that you want to, you realised that the Dan God Institute is not someone you can go against, you have already missed your chance. " Chen Xiang said again. This caused Dai Donggong’s face to be filled with pain, because Chen Xiang had hit the mark again.

"If it were you, what would you do now?" Dai Donggong sighed: "I’m indeed not suitable to be in charge of a large power, because my heart is not dark enough, not fierce enough, and because I have too many concerns, that’s why I’m like this."

Chen Xiang said: "I am already doing it, I have already gathered over ten outstanding disciples from the outer sect examination, there are already more than ten people following me! You should be well aware that I have gained a lot of prestige among the outer sect disciples due to my massacre in the Everlasting Mountain. "

"I really failed. I was dug out of a wall, yet I didn’t even know about it." Dai Donggong laughed bitterly.

"Indeed. Because you are indecisive. Even if you have a strong power, what’s the use?" Chen Xiang said: "If you know what’s wrong, you can change. You still have time to change your mind!"

Dai Donggong didn’t think that a little ghost would actually lecture him, but he was unable to refute Chen Xiang.

"Senior, the inner sect of Everlasting Mountain has already decayed, we can only exterminate them! You can start over when the time comes. " Chen Xiang said.

"I just want to know, how in the world are you able to win over so many outer court disciples? This isn’t something that can be accomplished with just prestige!" Dai Donggong asked.

"Based on my status as a pill god, is that enough?" Chen Xiang laughed blandly: I gave each of them a few Zhongpin bone level Dan, what reason do you think they have to not follow me and stay in Everlasting Mountain?

A pill god that could refine Bone level Dan, that was enough! Dai Donggong was already a little moved by what Chen Xiang had said.

"Senior, do you want to join me?" Chen Xiang once again extended an invitation: "If you also join my side, then go and rope in all of Everlasting Mountain’s inner sect disciples and elders, and then let Everlasting Mountain face his own destruction." Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Dai Donggong hesitated, he was thinking!

"Senior, now that I know how to refine Taipin bone level Dan, the King grade God Pellet is not a problem, even if you do not join us, in the future, when you seek me to refine the pellet, I will not refuse." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Do you really know how to refine King grade and divine pills?" Dai Donggong never thought that Chen Xiang, who looked so young, would actually have this kind of ability.

"Of course!" Chen Xiang said, he had previously refined a Three lotus Dan.

"Alright, as long as you agree to help me refine a batch of King grade’s divine pellets, I will join you!" Dai Donggong actually agreed to it, which was something that Chen Xiang did not expect.

"So you’re saying, the reason why Senior was threatened by the Dan God Institute was because of the matter of refining pills?" Chen Xiang guessed.

"Yes!" Dai Donggong nodded his head: "My daughter has been poisoned, and needs Three lotus Dan to cure the poison. She has already been asleep for tens of thousands of years, and I have only been able to find Qingxin spiritual lotus for a few years. I handed the Qingxin spiritual lotus over to the Dan God Institute, and had them take care of it. but they sold the Qingxin spiritual lotus. "