Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Everyone floated in the air, staring at the calm and composed Chen Xiang, their hearts overwhelmed with shock. Chen Xiang simply wasn’t here to ruin everything, but was here to annihilate the entire clan. The entire Great Heaven School, including the entire Leader, were all killed by a single palm strike just now!

Many disciples of the Great Heaven School had escaped this calamity as well, but their Leader and a few elders had already died, and the entire Great Heaven School had been burnt to ashes.

"He actually ran away? For a dignified elder of the Everlasting Mountain to abandon his allies and flee, that is truly funny, let me see who among the Wang Ancient Heavenly Star would dare to form an alliance with you? " Chen Xiang looked at the few human figures that had disappeared and laughed coldly: "They are just some shrimp soldiers and crab generals anyway, so you all won’t be able to recall anything even if you live. You all will die sooner or later."

Chen Xiang used the Space wind to leave, and everyone kept their distance from Great Heaven School!

What happened today made many people feel that the Everlasting Mountain had declined. The elders of the Everlasting Mountain were beaten to the point of fleeing, while the allies that had just been allied with them were destroyed without any reaction at all!

No one could understand that the Everlasting Mountain was one of the great powers in the Star Law Divine Realm, to think that they would be provoked in such a way.

But no one knew, that the inner sect of the Everlasting Mountain had already decayed, those inner sect disciples were all very precious, even going to beat the Special god beast is afraid of death, not to mention encountering an expert’s siege! Therefore, they only dared to bully people weaker than them.

As for Leader, the only one who had the strength and wanted to accomplish great things in the sect, he had been tricked until his heart turned cold when he saw that Dan God Institute and the elder’s courtyard had joined together to fight against him. Now that he had pledged his allegiance to Chen Xiang, Everlasting Mountain had indeed fallen quite a bit.

When Chen Xiang returned to the Cang Cloud City’s Villa, there were actually a lot more people here, over a hundred people. These people were all disciples who had once entered the inner sect through the outer sect examination.

Here, Chen Xiang even saw the little clan elder that brought him to Wang Ancient Heavenly Star, Lin Shuyi!

Lin Shuyi was also surprised. He did not expect that the person he had recruited would now be his big brother. Other than that, there were also the few elders in charge of taking care of the affairs of the outer sect, such as the old man in charge of supervising the killing of Special god beast, these were all outer sect disciples with relatively strong abilities. They did not want to stay in the inner sect, so they ran over to do some work in the outer sect.

From chatting with them, Chen Xiang found out that they were all brought here by Dai Donggong. Back then, they owed Dai Donggong a favor and Dai Donggong had promised them that he had enough Bone level Dan s to help them.

Chen Xiang never expected that so many people would come so suddenly. He distributed the Zhongpin bone level Dan s and finished them all very quickly, it was just enough for now.

"There are only these godly pills for now!" I have already sent people to collect the divine medicine. As long as they come back, I can immediately refine the pills. Presumably, everyone already had their own residences here, so they would first return to cultivate Bones. It might not be long before we start to enter the battlefield. " Chen Xiang said.

Chen Xiang had distributed quite a number of Bone level Dan, and everyone was very satisfied. They had only just arrived, yet they had already obtained quite a few, and the quality was even better! When they were in the inner sect of Everlasting Mountain, they were bleeding and sweating for many years.

Speaking of entering the battlefield, the people here weren’t the least bit afraid. They had already experienced life and death situations who knew how many times over the years, so this was just a common occurrence for him.

When the Great Heaven School was exterminated, the elders of the Everlasting Mountain fled in panic. Not only was this news spread throughout the Wang Ancient Heavenly Star, even the most well-informed stars in the entire Star Law Divine Realm knew about it!

As one of the big shots of the Star Law Divine Realm, the one who dominated the entire Heaven-stage Stars, how could he be so embarrassed!

After a few days, Dai Donggong was finally back, and was even bringing a cute girl with a round face. This girl had a long braid, and was nervously playing with the long whip in front of her chest.

"This is your daughter?" Chen Xiang laughed, and extended his hand to touch the girl’s face, and she immediately blushed.

"Dai Xiao Rou, this is the name her mother gave her." Dai Donggong lovingly caressed his daughter’s head. With one glance, one could tell that she was only fourteen or fifteen when she was poisoned, but now, she had actually slept for such a long time.

"Big brother, thank you for the antidote pill." Dai Xiao Rou raised her head to look at Chen Xiang, and realized that Chen Xiang was very handsome, with a slight smile on his face.

"There’s no need to be polite. It’s fine now." Chen Xiang laughed: "From now on, it’s like you’re at home." Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

"Feng Wu!" Chen Xiang called Feng Wu over, and then, he told him everything simply so that this was Dai Donggong’s daughter. After all, there were many men here, and only Feng Wu was a woman.

"Xiao Rou, I’ll bring you around to get familiar with this place." Feng Wu knew that Chen Xiang and Dai Donggong had something to say, so he left while holding onto Dai Xiaoru’s hand.

Dai Donggong was still worried, as he watched Feng Wu and Dai Xiao Rou leave.

"Senior, you don’t have to worry about that. Our location is very hidden and there are quite a few powerful people here. This place is very safe." Chen Xiang said.

Dai Donggong sighed and nodded, "When she was poisoned earlier, it made a shadow in my heart!"

Chen Xiang and Dai Donggong entered the hall.

"On my way back, I already found out about what happened in the Great Heaven School. Dai Donggong laughed: "It seems like your strength is stronger than I expected."

"Senior, most of the outer sect disciples are already here, there is no need for you to return to Everlasting Mountain! Of course, if we have the chance in the future, we will return to the Everlasting Mountain, but we need to drive away that group of people first. " Chen Xiang said: "You can continue to be a Leader here, and my main job is to concoct pills."

"Leader, it’s better if you do it, I will be the Great Clan Elder! "It will make me feel better." Dai Donggong laughed: "Looks like you’re going to be a shopkeeper after all, this is good too. After all, you’re a Pill God and you need to concoct pills all day."

"That’s right. Although we don’t have many people left, we still need to consume a lot of supreme dan beads!" When the divine medicine arrives, I will have to go into seclusion to refine it. " Chen Xiang said: "Great Clan Elder, do you know of any formation masters? For now, this place will be our resting place. We need to prepare our defenses. "

Dai Donggong frowned, then stood up and walked to the entrance of the great hall, and spoke with a serious tone: "There is, but it depends on whether or not I can invite him here. He’s also in Cang Cloud City, I’ll go look for him now, wait a moment. "