Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 229 - Feeling Proud And Elated

------------

For a martial artist, three months weren’t that long, and they very quickly passed. Chen Xiang was now in the 3rd level of the True Martial Realm, and furthermore, he had already cultivated a couple of powerful devil techniques. His strength had gone beyond a 4th level True Martial Realm martial artist, and almost equal to a 5th level True Martial Realm martial artist. However, this was only true under the case in which he was facing ordinary True Martial Realm martial artists. If he encountered someone with a better spiritual vein, or with formidable martial skill, he would be no match for them.

After Yun Xiaodao and the others had their special training, Chen Xiang felt there was too big of difference between them from now and before. Each one of them had a great drive, had a very fierce momentum, and the True Qi within their body was also very dense. At a moment’s notice, they were all ready to go. What made him surprised was that Lei Xionglin and the others, these three, had actually entered the 2nd level of the True Martial Realm. They had taken the second Building Foundation Dan not long ago to advance, and during the three months of training, all of them had eaten a lot of good dans.

These days, Chen Xiang had not seen Elder Dan at all. Elder Dan just said she was going to take a walk alone.

"You first say goodbye to your families, I’ll take you to the meeting place after three days." Gu Dongchen said.

Yao Haisheng returned back to his residence; he had also planted some spirit herbs, and he needed to hand it over to someone to take care of them. Zhu Rong followed his uncle, Hao Dongqing, and left. As for Yun Xiaodao and Xu Weilong, they left together and returned to their respective family.

Chen Xiang also wanted to return to the secular world, but he didn’t have enough time. He just decided to wait till his return from the Southern Wasteland, then he will take a trip back to visit his family and go take a look at the secular world. He was curious how much it has developed since he left.

"Qianqian, are you not going to go back?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I’m not going to go, there is no one in my family." Wu Qianqian somewhat dejectedly replied.

"I’m sorry." Chen Xiang heaved a sigh in his heart and hastily said.

"Doesn’t matter, I will first return to the Extreme Dan King Courtyard, I still have to learn alchemy." Wu Qianqian showed a bright and beautiful smile; she appeared to be one very strong girl.

After Wu Qianqian walked, Chen Xiang looked at Lian Mingdong and the others, "You?"

"I decided to wait till we come back from that ghastly place, then we will go." Liang Mingdong smiled and said.

"Our families had already been devastated by those devil path bastards. If it wasn’t for the Dean, I would have already gone to kill one or two bastards personally." Lei Xionglin furiously said.

"No way, we have to listen to the dean. I also want to slaughter devil path guys." Lei Zhong, while scratching his head, said with a silly laugh.

"Then let’s go for a drink, my treat." Chen Xiang laughed and said.

While chatting, the four of them went towards the entrance, and just as they walked out of the door, they heard a howl from behind, "You three, stop."

Chen Xiang and the others immediately turned around. They saw ten or so boys coming from behind, and all of them were in the 10th level of the Mortal Martial Realm. They had fierce expression on their faces, as though they were ready strike at any moment.

Before Chen Xiang came to know Lei Xionglin and the others, these three had already provoked some guys, and moreover, the guys they provoked were the ones who caused two of their companions to die.

"Are your two companions killed by them?" Chen Xiang gloomily asked.

"Yeah! It’s them. Father is definitely going to cripple these mongrels." Lei Xionglin clenched his fist and furiously replied.

Chen Xiang nodded his head, "Kill two and cripple the others!"

"What? Kill two?" Lei Xionglin was slightly surprised for a moment. They were at the entrance of the Extreme Martial Sect, so fighting was not a problem. However, if someone suddenly lost their life, the Extreme Martial Sect was definitely going to care about it.

"Senior Brother Chen, it is somewhat inappropriate. After all, we are still at the entrance." Liang Mingdong said with a frown.

"If you have to kill them, it’s better to kill them in a place where no one is around!" Lei Zhong was also somewhat worried.

Chen Xiang laughed and said, "Rest assured, you’re going to the Southern Wasteland right away. Dean can’t do anything to you, and besides, it is right and proper for them to pay life with life! They had killed two of your companions, and you should make them pay blood with blood."

"Good!" Lian Mingdong’s complexion turned ruthless as he nodded his head and spoke.

Lei Xionglin clenched his fists tighter, then laughed and said, "You group of bastards! Today, father will not let you off." While speaking, his brother rushed out, and Lian Mingdong followed behind them. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

These three were all rather speedy, and besides, they had not even used all of their power. The group of boys didn’t even have the chance to dodge before the huge body of Lei Xionglin and Lei Zhong struck upon them. A few of them had flown about before colliding in the entrance’s wall, causing them to lose their consciousness in an instant.

Lian Mingdong was not as brutal as his two brothers. He used a fan and very lightly slapped upon those guys faces. Even though his attacks seemed gentle, that fan was followed by howling winds, causing the tooth of those he struck to flew out as they spat out blood.

This was the strength of the True martial Realm. When they had encountered these guys before, they were just in the 10th level of the Mortal Martial Realm. Even if they went all out, they weren’t able to cause any injuries to these guys. However, now with just a casual attack of theirs, they had already heavily injured them.

"Are... Are you all True Martial Realm martial artists?" A young man asked. The previous handsome face of his was now beyond recognition due to the pounding of fists from Lei Xionglin.

After Lei Xionglin and the others received training from the Elder Courtyard, it would be even difficult for martial artists who had been in the 2nd level of the True Martial realm for many years to win against them. Besides, each of them was rather inherently talented, and their True Qi as well was very vigorous.

"Right, go die, wastrels who are afraid of the strong and can only bully the weak!" Lei Xionglin coldly said as he vigorously pounded a foot on that man’s chest. In an instant, that man’s chest was dyed in blood.

Lian Mingdong opened his steel fan, lightly struck as he cut one man’s throat, scaring the shit out of the rest from the group. The group was now aimlessly shouting, some were crying for help and some were begging for mercy.

"Brothers let’s go, let’s drink!" Chen Xiang shouted. Lian Mingdong and the others were usually unbearably bullied by these aristocrats, but today, they could feel proud and elated. In their hearts, they were completely satisfied, and they knew that all they could have today was all given by Chen Xiang.

In the hotel, Chen Xiang and the others were drinking while talking about ambitions, women and boasting about majestic deeds they had done in the past...

When they returned from the hotel, it was already late at night. After Chen Xiang entered the Extreme Dan King Courtyard, he saw a lamp lit in a room; it was Wu Qianqian’s.

Chen Xiang had not seen Wu Qianqian for a long time. She was in possession of a fire spirit, and moreover, she was also an alchemist. Chen Xiang had always been very curious about her whereabouts.

He went over and knocked on Wu Qianqian’s door. After Wu Qianqian opened the door and saw Chen Xiang, she mischievously smiled and said, "Something wrong?"

"Can’t I come and find you without any reason at all?" Chen Xiang laughed and said.

Wu Qianqian welcomed Chen Xiang into a small hall and offered him tea.

"Chen Xiang, ask her to release the Blue Star Fire, you also release a bit of your fire spirit. See what will happen after your Heaven Sun Fire fused with hers." Long Xueyi curiously spoke; the fusion of flames released by different fire spirits was very rare, because not many people had a fire spirit. However, in the Extreme Dan King Courtyard, there were actually three, and this was but a very rare opportunity.

A translated work of Xianxiaworld