Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Pure Text Online Read Local Domain Name Mobile Phone Synchronous Read Please Visit

Chen Xiang spent a few months time refining a lot of Bone level Dan. At the moment, he was also a little worried, because he had taken so long to refine all of them, so he was afraid that the disciples who had just joined would be dissatisfied. However, when he came out from seclusion, he realized that his worries were unnecessary.

Moreover, the quality was still so good. In the past, when they were in the Everlasting Mountain, although they could obtain a few Taipin Dan, they were all useless to them. The quality was extremely bad, and there were no Bone level Dan that were useful, so they were all trash that the Dan God Institute did not want.

Jing Ze and Teng Yong had already returned. The moment Chen Xiang came out of seclusion, he immediately ordered Hua Lang to call them over.

Very quickly, Teng Yong and Jing Ze arrived at the hall. Seeing their smiling faces, they knew that the harvest these past few days was extremely bountiful.

"We ran all over the Heaven-stage Stars and the various great Ground level stars and bought a large amount of divine medicine that was needed by Bone level Dan." Teng Yong laughed: "Leader, now we won’t be worrying about the divine medicines for a long time, we’re just looking at you."

Jing Ze took out a storage ring and handed it over to Chen Xiang. Chen Xiang took a look at it and immediately laughed: "There’s really a lot of them, there’s even low-rank high-rank, and there’s even a few hundred of low-rank ones. Not bad, not bad at all."

Chen Xiang was still very surprised. He carefully looked at the divine medicines in his storage ring, the low rank ones were the most, and were all divided into groups. There were more than 100,000 of them, while the middle rank ones had only a little more than 50,000, the upper rank ones had a little more than 30,000.

"Don’t you know that you are plundering so much?" Chen Xiang asked: "If we were to be discovered by them, you all would be in danger."

"Of course they know, but we’re not vegetarians either. It’s not that easy to capture us." Teng Yong laughed out loud: "Although that group of bastards had fast reactions, they still underestimated us. When they chased after us, we killed a few of them."

There were so many stars in the Star Law Divine Realm, and Jing Ze and Teng Yong had sold those more than one hundred Shangpin bone level Dan from the beginning in exchange for a large number of Shen Yuan stone s. They were teleported to other stars and bought them with huge amounts of gold, so it was very quickly possible to purchase them.

"You have probably used up all your Shangpin bone level Dan, but with your current situation, normal Shangpin bone level Dan shouldn’t be suitable for you. I will help you refine a Bone level Dan that fits your current situation." Chen Xiang said, then he asked Teng Yong and Jing Ze about the current situation of their Bones in detail.

After understanding the situation, he immediately entered the secret room to refine pills. Half a day later, he came out and gave Teng Yong and Jing Ze a jade box each, containing twenty Shangpin bone level Dan s. These Bone level Dan s were all of extremely high quality.

Teng Yong and Jing Ze could immediately tell that it was their dream many years ago to have the Pill God refine a divine pellet for them. They didn’t expect it to actually happen now.

"Let’s go cultivate our Bones first. We need more Peak Divine Lord s to support us." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Thank you, Leader." Teng Yong and Jing Ze hurriedly thanked him and then left.

Chen Xiang found Dai Donggong, who was instructing his disciple in cultivation. After half an hour, Dai Donggong finally had the time.

"Elder Dai, this is the Bone level Dan that I just refined. Distribute it according to the situation." Chen Xiang gave Dai Donggong two Storage bag s: "The middle grade one has three hundred, the upper grade two hundred, and then the upper grade, fifty pellets."

Chen Xiang spent the most time on the Taipin bone level Dan, because he needed a lot of purple pearls to duplicate it, and the upper grade one was the same. However, there was no need to go through all that trouble, because Jing Ze and Teng Yong had just bought back a large amount.

"Leader, you told me to find a better place last time, I have already found it. That valley has many different kinds of flowers and the environment is very good, could it be that we are going to move there?" When Feng Wu found out that Chen Xiang had come out of seclusion, he immediately looked for him.

"Not really." Chen Xiang smiled mysteriously: "You will know about it in the future. For the time being, you should observe that place to see if there are any other flaws."

Feng Wu nodded his head, and said: "Feng Clan has been very close to Everlasting Mountain for this period of time, and many powers similar to Feng Clan have allied themselves with Everlasting Mountain. The last time Great Heaven School was annihilated, it didn’t seem to have had any effect." Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Dai Donggong said: "There is indeed an impact, at least many people have other thoughts about the Everlasting Mountain, and during this period of time, I have also spread the news of me leaving the Everlasting Mountain, there is nothing that can be done about it even for a power like the Feng Clan, if he does not form an alliance with the Everlasting Mountain, then he will definitely be ignored by the Everlasting Mountain, and at that time they will not even be able to obtain Bone level Dan."

Chen Xiang said: "What we need now is strength, as long as we have enough strength, we will start selling these divine pellets. If Everlasting Mountain dares to cause trouble, we will have absolute power to send them away."

Dai Donggong nodded his head, he did not know what kind of terrifying refining technique Chen Xiang had, it was very fast and the quality was very good, hearing that Chen Xiang wanted to sell the Divine Pills, he knew that Chen Xiang would have even more Divine Pills in the future.

The purpose of selling these divine pellets was, on the one hand, to increase the strength of the entire Wang Ancient Heavenly Star and to rope the other powers of the Wang Ancient Heavenly Star together.

"Your Uncle-Master is back. Do you want to talk to him?" Feng Wu had originally brought three Three lotus Dan s with him to the Nine Heaven World. But now, he was able to return, which meant that his speed was already extremely fast.

Chen Xiang followed Feng Wu to Huang Yantian’s residence, where a few youths were receiving his guidance, Huang Yantian was now considered an elder here, in order to differentiate himself from Huang Jintian, this Elder Huang, everyone called him Elder Yan Tian.

"Senior Master, has Xue Yi’s poison been cured?" Chen Xiang immediately asked when he saw Huang Yantian.

"It’s already been undone, she’s alive and kicking again, and she still clamored to come with me to find you, but Lv Qilian did not let her, so she could obediently stay in Hundreds of Flowers Village to cultivate." Huang Yantian patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder, and laughed: "Right now, they are very peaceful, you can stay here and develop peacefully, waiting for them to come over."

Back then, when Chen Xiang had asked Huang Yantian to bring back some things, he had told them about the situation here in detail, and wanted them to think of a way to quickly level up and cultivate to the peak of the Hundred gods level’s nine Bones. Only by doing this would it be safer to bring a force over.

Lv Qilian’s Hundreds of Flowers Village had a team of pill gods, so they condensed more purple pearls as well, so copying the Bone level Dan would be much faster than Chen Xiang alone. Furthermore, Chen Xiang had also sent the Taipin bone level Dan along with the top quality Nine Yin and yang Dan’s divine medicine over, allowing them to cultivate their Divine Deity to the peak faster and faster.

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]