Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang teleported to the outer mountain gate and used the Dao heart Eye to penetrate the entire mountain. Not long after, he found the location of the Tianyu God melon and hid in the middle of the mountain.

"I didn’t see any caves, they must have been sealed up!" Even so, it was not difficult for Chen Xiang. He teleported to the stone room in the middle of the mountain.

Ling Tian School was only barely a medium-sized sect, the formation barrier was something that was very shallow, Chen Xiang could really break through it.

"Who is it?"

When Chen Xiang appeared in the stone room, he suddenly heard someone shouting, and then the cold sword pierced over, he teleported to avoid it, and at the same time used a technique to retrieve the two divine seeds that were sealed in the middle of the stone room. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

The seal did not seal the space, so Chen Xiang could easily retrieve it using the power of space.

"You’re the one who stole our divine gourds, you should know that." Chen Xiang laughed coldly: "I am only helping my sect’s disciples to retrieve it."

"So what? Even if we can get it, it’s all because of our ability!" You can take it back now, but don’t be too pleased with yourself, I have already sent a sound transmission to all the elders, and the Purple Yuan Heavenly Star s of the Purple Yuan Heavenly Star will be coming over very soon, at that time, you will only have to die. The man in charge of protecting the divine gourd sneered. He wasn’t worried at all.

"Ha ha!" Chen Xiang laughed: "I came so easily, and I was able to leave so easily. Did you bring some confidence to think you can trap me?"

After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he teleported away. Right now he was floating in the air, unleashing Fire cloud palm on the entire Ling Tian School below him!

The giant palm formed by soaring flames covered the entire Ling Tian School. When it smashed down, the violent heat exploded, burning the entire structure of the Ling Tian School.

Realizing that something was wrong, the disciples of the Ling Tian School all ran out. Seeing the gigantic flame palms pressing down on them, they all howled and flew away from the Ling Tian School.

Chen Xiang teleported to a place far away from Ling Tian City and watched as the Fire cloud palm descended and ignited the entire Ling Tian School in a sea of flames. Only then did he nod his head in satisfaction and leave Ling Tian City.

"Yue’er, have you heard of Purple Yuan Sect? It does not sound very domineering, but it looks like he has quite the good strength. Otherwise, he would not dare to come to Everlasting Mountain’s territory and directly ask for the divine gourd. " Chen Xiang asked. If the Purple Yuan Sect came and found out that the divine gourd had been stolen, he would definitely investigate him immediately.

He had previously used the Fire cloud palm in the Great Heaven School, so he would definitely link these two matters together. However, it would be difficult to find out his identity.

"Yue’er, there are still quite a few purple pearls, right? Copy the divine melon. Those two divine melon were obtained by those guys, so I have to return it to them. " Chen Xiang said, he did not plan on embezzling it, otherwise, he would be no different from a Dan God Institute.

Chen Xiang very quickly returned to the Cang Cloud City’s Villa, and gathered Dai Donggong, Wu Zhi, Huang Jintian, and Huang Yantian over. At the same time, there were those few men.

"This must be the white jade watermelon you found!" Chen Xiang laughed, and then passed it to one of the big sized men.

"Right, right!" Leader, your movements are really nimble, you found it so quickly! " The big sized man said with a look of admiration, he was also extremely curious how Chen Xiang obtained it.

"This... It seems to be the legendary Tianyu God melon! " The knowledgeable Wu Zhi frowned, but he could not confirm, because such a thing was extremely rare, and he could not believe that it would appear right in front of his eyes.

"Tianyu God melon? Isn’t this thing extinct? " Dai Donggong was also shocked.

Chen Xiang nodded: "These are Tianyu God melon. In order to obtain these two divine gourds, Purple Yuan Heavenly Star s of the Purple Yuan Heavenly Star have all hurried over."

The big man said in shock, "To think that it would be such a precious thing! Then we don’t need it, Leader, you keep it! "

"Hehe, I have already taken the seed. In the future, I can plant it, but you can keep it for yourselves!" "Of course, it would be best if it could be refined into a pill. I feel like I can at least refine five Heaven grade Divine Pills with such a big head. However, I still do not know how to refine a Heaven grade Divine Pill." Chen Xiang laughed.

He had already copied one, so he did not need it anymore. Since Wu Zhi was a Undead Divine Race, there was no need for him to die either! Dai Donggong had a long life, he didn’t have much of an opinion on Divine Cucumber.

"You don’t want the Leader, but it’s useless for us to keep it. We can still live for a long time, so we don’t need to use it to extend our lives."

The few of them nodded their heads, they were sincerely giving it to Chen Xiang.

"Alright, I’ll accept it. Come look for me when you find your life short!" Chen Xiang laughed, and took the two divine gourds, and then gave quite a few Xiaping bone level Dan s, each with a hundred of these.

"These divine pills can be exchanged for Shen Yuan stone s, but you need to be careful when selling them. If you are worried, you can get Elder Wu to help you sell them." Chen Xiang laughed.

To Chen Xiang, Xiaping bone level Dan were the easiest to get. Teng Yong and Jing Ze had gotten a lot of divine medicines, which he could casually refine for a very long time.

These people were already very happy when they found out that Chen Xiang was trying to take revenge for them. What they wanted was this sense of belonging, to have someone stand up for them when they were bullied, and it was even Leader! Yet Chen Xiang still gave them so many Xiaping bone level Dan s, making them extremely happy. This was enough for them to take a very long time.

"Elder Wu, you should pay attention to the movements of the Ling Tian School during this period of time. I didn’t expect you to clash with the Purple Yuan Heavenly Star so quickly." Chen Xiang chuckled: "This guy must be very depressed. He came all the way here and thought he could get a divine pill to increase his lifespan. I didn’t expect him to come for nothing."

At this moment, Wu Zhi also felt very relieved. "This bastard had made quite a few moves against our clansmen back then. It’s just that we don’t know how many people he brought.

Chen Xiang immediately looked at Dai Donggong, and a glint flashed past his eyes.

"I think it’s feasible. Why don’t the three of us move out and see if we can kill him?" Chen Xiang was a little excited: "If he came by himself, it shouldn’t be difficult for the three of us to kill him if we join hands!"

Wu Zhi took a deep breath, at this moment he was also somewhat excited: "This is indeed an opportunity, he definitely doesn’t think that Everlasting Mountain has the guts to attack them, but we can."

Dai Donggong clenched his fists: "Although getting rid of this Leader will not cause chaos in the Purple Yuan Sect, it will increase the pressure on the Everlasting Mountain, because the Leader died here."

"Alright, I’ll take a look at Ling Tian City now and try my best to kill that fellow." Chen Xiang was already about to make his move, he also wanted to personally see how strong this of the Heavenly Star Realm was.