Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"You ..." After Chi Yuan was struck, his entire body became charred black and flew out, but he was still able to stand stably, after all it was his own strength, he could absorb most of it, but he could not control himself and was injured.

Just a moment ago, Chi Yuan had already suffered a very serious injury from Dai Donggong’s forbidden technique, and now, his injuries were even more severe!

"Old bastard, it’s time for you to die." When Chen Xiang saw that Chi Yuan had been sent flying, he immediately teleported behind him, took out his Heavenly magic sword and ruthlessly hacked at Chi Yuan.

Although Chi Yuan was heavily injured, his reaction speed was fast to the point that it surprised Chen Xiang. A purple shield suddenly appeared behind him, but he had underestimated Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword!

When Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword hacked down, the divine shield was split apart like tofu, and Chi Yuan’s body was smashed into two halves by the huge shield at the same time.

"You ... "Who are you!" He did not die, but his old eyes were wide open. He had lived for so long, and had even found a way to increase his life force. He was unwilling to die just like this, and he still wanted to live.

"I am the Leader!" After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he took out the Chuangshi god furnace, causing it to grow bigger and control the flames to spill out, causing the outside flames of the Divine Stove to burn.

Chi Yuan’s pupils contracted. He was filled with fear, he never thought that the powerful Leader who could make Dai Donggong follow him would actually be a very young looking brat. This caused him to be unwary of Chen Xiang before, and he knew that he was dead for sure!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The Chuangshi god furnace pressed down onto Chi Yuan’s body and smashed it into sparks ...

Chi Yuan was a Peak Divine Lord, after being killed he left behind a very strong power, but it was all absorbed by the Chuangshi god furnace, Chen Xiang did not know why the Chuangshi god furnace wanted to absorb it, nor could he control it.

Dai Donggong and Wu Zhi were also shocked by Chen Xiang. Chen Xiang’s attacks had been extremely smooth, and in one breath, he killed Chi Yuan.

Of course, the few divine tools in Chen Xiang’s hands had also left a deep impression on them, they knew that they were definitely not doing something ordinary. They had always thought that they were shrewd and scheming, and also did not know how to do things well, but they never thought that Chen Xiang had hidden himself even further, even they had thought that Chen Xiang was weak in front of the Peak Divine Lord.

"It’s really not easy to get rid of a Peak Divine Lord!" Chen Xiang laughed and walked over to help Dai Donggong up.

"Leader, you are truly secretive! I thought you were only good at concocting pills. " Dai Donggong laughed.

"While concocting pills, I will not forget to enhance my strength. I already have enough divine pills." Chen Xiang said with a smile, then opened up a spatial passageway: "Let’s go back."

He brought Dai Donggong and Wu Zhi and stepped into the spatial tunnel, then directly returned to the Villa. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

"I’ll go heal my wounds first. I have my own healing divine pellet, and will be able to recover very quickly. Elder Wu, take note of the movements of the Purple Yuan Heavenly Star during this period. Dai Donggong said: "Purple Yuan Sect died. The other elders will happily die, especially the one who took over Leader. But in order to establish his might, he definitely has to take revenge for Chi Yuan."

"I am clear of this, take a good rest Elder Dai!" Wu Zhi nodded, his injuries were considered relatively light.

... ....

Purple Yuan Sect’s Leader is dead! This matter quickly spread to all the stars in the Star Law Divine Realm!

The Wang Ancient Heavenly Star was even more anxious, because the Leader’s Leader died in his place, and there were even people who saw the huge mountain that appeared during the great battle. That was a forbidden technique that only the Everlasting Mountain knew how to use!

However, Everlasting Mountain of the Everlasting Mountain had already left the Everlasting Mountain, and for some reason, they had started fighting with the Purple Yuan Sect, and based on what happened before, everyone came to a conclusion that the fight might be related to the Tianyu God melon!

When Chi Yuan came, the Tianyu God melon just happened to have been snatched away, and after that, the people from the Ling Tian School went to investigate. In the end, Chi Yuan and Dai Donggong fought outside the city.

It was just that he did not think that the battle would last so long, and Chi Yuan was even killed, with not a complete corpse!

Although Dai Donggong was a Peak Divine Lord, he still belonged to the younger generation. Logically speaking, he was not as strong as the older generation, but he was able to kill Chi Yuan in a short amount of time!

Earlier, there were rumors saying that Dai Donggong had always been suppressed by the Dan God Institute using Divine Pills, so he couldn’t unleash his powerful strength. But not long after Dai Donggong left the Everlasting Mountain, he killed a powerhouse, shocking many people with his strength.

Purple Yuan Sect died here, the unlucky ones would be them, because at that time, Purple Yuan Heavenly Star would have a very good reason to run here. If Everlasting Mountain was not strong enough, he would be taken over in the end, and that was what they did not want to see.

The Wang Ancient Heavenly Star was so big, no one knew where Dai Donggong was hiding, and Huang Jintian and the rest had already ordered their disciples to return. After the news spread, they would then take action, because the Everlasting Mountain already knew that Chen Xiang was secretly building up his power, and had pulled all the outer disciples over.

... ....

Inside the secret room, Chen Xiang looked at the black Bone level fruit and sighed, "Now we finally have time to see whether this Bone level fruit is a good thing or not! If that’s not the case, I will definitely go to the Earth Dragon Star to find that Ge Long. "

He used the precious Divine Lotus to exchange for it, he definitely could not lose out.

Yue Er had already copied two of the Bone level fruit s, so he was able to relax and give it a try.

"Eat and see first. If you can really condense Bones, then use it to refine pills." Chen Xiang took a big bite of the Bone level fruit. It was surprisingly sweet, the texture of the meat was like that of an apple, shocking him.

"How strange, previously when I was refining the Three lotus Dan, those lotus seeds were already very hard, and this Bone level fruit should be considered a divine medicine for King grade, to actually be so brittle!" The fruit flesh was very tasty, he frowned: "Did I get cheated? That bastard Ge Long just took out the weirdest fruit to trick me? "

With a few bites, he ate all the Bone level fruit and then felt the effects of the medicine. However, he did not discover any medicinal effects at all, and he felt more and more that he was being deceived!

"It shouldn’t be fake. I used a lot of purple pearls when copying it, so I don’t need that many normal fruits." Yue Er said.

"Then I’ll try again!" Chen Xiang closed his eyes and continued to sense the medicinal power of the pill. He didn’t know why, but he suddenly felt extremely tired, and unknowingly, he fell asleep.

In the morning of the second day, when Chen Xiang heard Yue’er calling out to him, he immediately opened his eyes. He then stretched lazily and praised: "It’s been a long time since I’ve slept so well ..."

"Wait!" Chen Xiang frowned and said: "I should be condensing my Bones. Why have I fallen asleep?"