Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

As Chen Xiang and Yue’er were talking, that large wave of Starry Sky Blood Devil had already arrived beside him, heavily surrounding him and crazily charging toward the defensive barrier released by the Six Realms mirrors.

"Hehe, the defense shield released by the Six Realms mirrors does not have any pressure at all. Seems like this kind of thing only have a special blood sucking technique, it’s not that powerful in other places!" Chen Xiang smiled as he took out the Chuangshi god furnace. Then, he used his spatial energy to teleport the Chuangshi god furnace outside the barrier.

"How many are there? How on earth are they born? There are millions of people surrounding me right now! Yue Er, the last time you were almost sucked dry of your blood, it might not be just one person chasing after you, but tens of thousands instead. Chen Xiang said.

When Yue’er heard it, she felt goosebumps all over. Chen Xiang had these kind of things million times more around him, she felt that she must have had this kind of thing last time.

"Did I run into the Blood Devil Nest and leave?" Fortunately, I have a lot of health left, otherwise I would have died long ago. " Yue’er sighed in fear.

Chen Xiang controlled the Chuangshi god furnace to produce a suction force that sucked all the Starry Sky Blood Devil in.

"What are you doing?" Yue’er asked in shock. Right now, she could see everything except the pitch black space. She did not have a Dao heart Eye.

Chen Xiang had the Dao heart Eye, so he could see that the Starry Sky Blood Devil s were like a blood colored fog that was continuously surging into the Chuangshi god furnace.

"I want to store these things inside the Chuangshi god furnace and study them carefully!" Chen Xiang laughed: "To see if this kind of thing is useful, and to see what kind of strange power they are formed from."

"I’m afraid that you want to see whether or not you can refine a pill!" Yue’er laughed and said, "What strange thing do you see that makes you want to refine it?"

"Let’s take a look first, it’s rather boring on the way anyway." Chen Xiang laughed, he indeed had that thought.

Very quickly, the Starry Sky Blood Devil that surrounded him was absorbed into the Chuangshi god furnace. Just as he finished collecting them, he saw another red light appear in front of him.

"There’s actually more!" Chen Xiang said in shock, but this time he rushed over himself, and even controlled the Six Realms mirrors to release a strong white light.

After the Six Realms mirrors flew over, it released a very strong white light. When the Starry Sky Blood Devil saw it, they started to flee, with tens of thousands of Starry Sky Blood Devil s scattered in all directions. The scene was also very spectacular, but only Chen Xiang could see it.

"These Starry Sky Blood Devil are very afraid of the white light." Chen Xiang said. This was a discovery: "And their form is a human figure. It seems that after they formed their flesh bodies, they would definitely be in human form." Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

He withdrew the white light and the surrounding Starry Sky Blood Devil s immediately flew back. It could be seen that these Starry Sky Blood Devil s did not have much intelligence, they only identified their target and then flew forward with all their might.

Just like before, Chen Xiang took out the Chuangshi god furnace and then released a suction force that sucked all the Starry Sky Blood Devil in.

"No more?" Yue Er asked.

"It’s temporarily gone!" Chen Xiang patted the Chuangshi god furnace: "It’s filled to the brim, I hope this kind of thing can be useful."

Chen Xiang used his mind to carefully observe the interior of the Chuangshi god furnace, but he did not see anything.

After using the Dao heart Eye, he was shocked. The Chuangshi god furnace seemed to be filled with thick blood, and with so many Starry Sky Blood Devil squeezed together, it actually became blood, just that the blood was in the spirit body state.

"What exactly is this thing?" Chen Xiang used the Dao heart Eye to mutate and released flames to burn the Starry Sky Blood Devil inside.

Just as it was set aflame, the Chuangshi god furnace began to sway slightly. Chen Xiang exclaimed: "It can actually produce such a powerful energy! These Starry Sky Blood Devil must be birthed from a very special and powerful energy. "

Chen Xiang was currently refining these Starry Sky Blood Devil like refining pills. Before long, all of them had been refined by him into an even thicker red liquid.

"Hey, hey, you aren’t thinking of refining it into a pill and eating it, are you?" Yue Er suddenly felt her scalp go numb. Starry Sky Blood Devil was such a scary item, to actually want to refine it into a pill and eat it ... this was something that no one had ever done before.

"What are you afraid of? There won’t be any problems after I refine the pill!" "As a great pill god, it is necessary for you to try out the pills yourself." Chen Xiang said as he chuckled. He had confidence in the Heavenly Alchemy, he felt that after being refined by it, the Starry Sky Blood Devil would become a pure energy.

It all turned into energy. However, when he intended to completely fuse all of the energy, he felt that it was very difficult, not because he couldn’t, but because he felt very weak. Even if he used all of his strength, he couldn’t succeed! It was possible to fuse them, but his strength was insufficient!

It was his first time encountering something like this. Even when his cultivation was very low previously, he would still be able to reach the final stage of condensing a Jingshen Dan.

But now, he couldn’t even reach the initial stage of the fusion!

"Could it be that there are too many Starry Sky Blood Devil s?" Chen Xiang was already sweating profusely. Just now, when he was going all out to merge with it, he could clearly feel how terrifying the energy he was trying to compress was.

"Looks like this is the only way!" Chen Xiang made the Six Realms mirrors grow a lot larger, and then placed the Chuangshi god furnace in the middle of the Six Realms mirrors.

"You want to borrow the strength of the Six Realms mirrors?" Yue’er could guess at a glance.

"That’s right, many of the array formations in the Six Realms mirrors are natural formations, they can produce very powerful energy, and under my control, these energy can compress the power of the Starry Sky Blood Devil within the Chuangshi god furnace."

After Chen Xiang placed the Chuangshi god furnace in the middle of the Six Realms mirrors, he began to control the several large formations inside the Six Realms mirrors to combine together.

The Six Realms mirrors itself could produce a large amount of Six Realms’ Power s as its support, so it would not need to rely on Chen Xiang’s power for now.

Under Chen Xiang’s control, the Six Realms mirrors unleashed a strong power, and under Chen Xiang’s control, the power entered the Chuangshi god furnace!

Chen Xiang and the Six Realms mirrors fused perfectly, so the Six Realms mirrors’s energy was also equivalent to Chen Xiang’s. When they entered the Chuangshi god furnace, the Chuangshi god furnace did not reject them.

With the power of the Six Realms mirrors entering the Chuangshi god furnace, the formless blood clot inside was gradually shrinking. As Chen Xiang continued to compress inside, the originally liquid blood gradually became thicker, and became moist like a clump of mud.

At this moment, the lump of item was still very large and unstable. It was trembling slightly, and it was normal for such a situation to occur while compressing energy.

"It became a solid, looks like it will eventually condense into a Jingshen Dan!" Chen Xiang was excited, he never thought that the Starry Sky Blood Devil would actually be such a treasure, being able to refine Jingshen Dan s like this, but there were a lot of them.