Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was not only shocked by this, but also by the fact that the Giant Bloody Bees were unable to get rid of him. He himself had teleported a few times, but the fact that the Giant Bees could still follow him meant that the Giant Bees had the ability to teleport as well.

"I remember now, this is the Space Ghost Bee. It’s extremely poisonous, are you okay?" Yue’er exclaimed, "Hurry up and kill them all! These fellows are reproducing very quickly..."

Yue’er had just finished speaking when Chen Xiang saw the Space Ghost Bee, which had died because of stabbing him with a needle, suddenly explode. When it exploded, saw more than ten blood colored beads instantly, and after the beads shattered, more than ten blood colored bees came out.

"Damn it..." Seeing this scene, Chen Xiang was surprised at the reproducing ability of the Space Ghost Bee. At the same time, he was using the Heavenly Transformation skill, Scorching Sun Heavenly Elephant, to turn his body into a blazing fire.

"Little thing, don’t even think about growing up!" Chen Xiang took out the Chuangshi god furnace and allowed the Chuangshi god furnace to grow bigger. He faced the dozens of Space Ghost Bees that were just born and smashed the bottom of the divine furnace with his palm, causing the Chuangshi god furnace to spew out a terrifying, spring-like flame that enveloped the group of Space Ghost Bees that were about to attack him.

What he did not expect was that the Space Ghost Bees would have the ability to manipulate space as soon as they were born. They would teleport behind him and use their poisonous stinger to pierce him at an extremely fast speed.

Chen Xiang turned his body and slashed with his sword, the Heavenly magic sword turned into several, the sword images blotting out the sky and covering the group of flying Ghost Bees, slicing them into many blood colored pieces.

"You still want to reproduce?" Chen Xiang controlled the Chuangshi god furnace to spew out flames, submerging the group of Space Ghost Bee pieces and turning them into ashes.

More than a hundred dead at once!

"There are thousands of them here!" Yue’er said: "Quickly use your Space Domain. As long as your Space Domain is strong enough, they won’t be able to use Spatial Force to avoid you."

Chen Xiang immediately released his Space Domain, enveloping all of the spatial ghost bees within himself. Then, he absorbed the Chuangshi god furnace’s flames into his body, jumped into the air, and struck a Fire cloud palm onto the ground.

When Chen Xiang fused with the Chuangshi god furnace, the strong flames released by the Chuangshi god furnace could not harm him at all. When they entered his body, it was like his blood.

The Fire cloud palm transformed from Chuangshi god furnace flames shot down, emitting a light that was even more intense than the scorching sun, as though even space itself had collapsed from the heat!

The Fire cloud palm pressed down and the Space Ghost Bees flew everywhere. The moment they touched the Fire cloud palm, they instantly turned into smoke! When the huge fire palm touched the ground, all the Ghost Bees were killed, while the Fire cloud palm burned the ground, leaving a bottomless gigantic palm print. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

"Are there many of these people in the outer sect?" If you do not have any tricks up your sleeve, you will only die when you encounter such a group of people. " Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief, he looked at the black bloodied hole on his arm, then released a ball of flame from the Chuangshi god furnace and poured it in, burning and refining all the poison in the wound.

"It’s just a small wound!" Chen Xiang shook his arm. He only felt a bit of pain now and nothing serious had happened.

"Only you can deal with it easily. If it was the outer sect, Peak Divine Lord would be troubled even if they met with such a large group! This spatial wasp is ranked at the top of the Star Law Divine Realm’s Beast Ranking, it seems to be ranked third. " Yue’er said, "But then, for some reason, it suddenly disappeared. It seems that all of it was taken by the Azure Dragon! The green dragon is also one of the guardian beasts of the Star Law Divine Realm, so it is not strange that he would do such a thing. "

Chen Xiang laughed bitterly: "Looks like it’s aimed at me. In order to test me, you actually took out such a terrifying thing! I feel that there must be a very powerful fellow hiding somewhere to watch this assessment, and he even made some changes at the last minute. "

Chen Xiang’s suspicions were not without reason, it looked like someone was manipulating it!

"Do we continue?" Yue’er asked, "What we encounter next should be more and more powerful!"

"Of course we have to continue. I want to see what kind of powerful things there are. If you have the guts, release them all. I’ll exterminate him in one breath." Chen Xiang was not afraid.

At this time, he had six Dragonscale debris in total, which was more than the amount he had now. But there was still quite a bit of time before the end of the examination, so in order to ensure that there were no mistakes, the more the better.

He used the Heavenly magic sword to find a direction and immediately teleported.

Inside the Azure Dragon Secret Realm, he used spatial energy to teleport without any resistance, so his movement speed was very fast. Not long after, he got close to the Dragonscale debris.

"It’s Long Lin’s brother, I think his name is Long Qing!" Chen Xiang immediately recognized Long Lin’s brother. That tall and sturdy figure, coupled with the beard on his face, was extremely recognizable.

"And Long Yingyi, what are they doing?" Yue Er asked.

"He’s fighting for the Dragonscale debris, and the Dragonscale debris is currently in Long Qing’s hands!" Chen Xiang lied in the grass and watched quietly.

Long Qing held onto the Dragonscale debris tightly, held onto his gigantic blade and said angrily: "Long Yingyi, you really are what Brother Lin said, truly a despicable and shameless person. After being tricked by you for so many years, if you have the guts, then kill me, otherwise if I am to leave here alive, don’t even think that you can live a good life."

The arm that Long Qing used to lift the blade had been left with dazzling golden blood, which was the more powerful dragon blood!

"You don’t need to worry about me. If I can enter the Azure Dragon Tomb, the things you said would be nothing to me." Long Yingyi laughed sinisterly: "The Great Clan Elder only said that killing is not allowed, but he never said that serious injuries are not allowed. The Dragonscale debris in your hand is mine now."

Long Yingyi turned into a black shadow and flashed past. Chen Xiang also saw his movements clearly.

Chen Xiang immediately used spatial teleportation and pulled Long Qing over to his side.

"Brother Longqing, are your injuries serious?" Chen Xiang looked at his huge arm. The top of his arm was already cracked, and there was even a piece of black and purple colour.

"There’s poison on that bastard’s sword." Long Qing said angrily, "He actually used such a sneaky move!"

Chen Xiang took out the detoxification divine pellet, turned it into powder, and sprinkled it onto Long Qing’s arm. After that, he took out two detoxification divine pellets and gave it to Long Qing.

"It’s you, human! Long Lin didn’t die because he saved you, right?! "Hmph, you really do have some strength. It seems like that day ..." Long Yingyi realised that he blurted out something, and quickly shut his mouth.

Long Qing was not an idiot either. From Long Yingyi’s words, he could already tell that Long Yingyi had actually secretly attacked Chen Xiang before.

Seeing that Long Qing’s condition had stabilized, Chen Xiang walked towards Long Yingyi and laughed: "Those four little trash were sent by you, right? You guys are underestimating me too much! I have to say, the four Evil Spirit Blood Beads that you sent to me are quite good, how should I thank you? "

The four evil spirits that they had sent out were all good fighters, but they were actually treated as trash by Chen Xiang. What made him angry was that they actually gave Chen Xiang four drops of Evil Spirit Blood Beads.