Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Because the Great Clan Elder was with Chen Xiang, this pill god, he became much more confident. At this time, he had also recovered his previous dignified appearance, but he was sighing with emotion in his heart. Dragon Emperor, who had been with him for many years, did not bid him farewell and just quietly passed away like that.

He also felt helpless as he was about to embark on this path. Although he didn’t want to, but there was nothing he could do. He wasn’t afraid as he couldn’t let go of the dragon clan.

Dragon City’s array formation had been destroyed, but with Chen Xiang’s secret help, the Dragon City was relatively stable.

The sky gradually darkened, Chen Xiang, the Great Clan Elder and the others were discussing in the same tent.

"If nothing unexpected happens, the Evil Spirit Race will be moving tonight. The Dragon City’s array formation has been destroyed and cannot be repaired immediately. They will definitely make good use of this time to launch a surprise attack." Chen Xiang said: "They may land from the sky, at that time, they will need to send more experts to patrol."

The Great Elder nodded and sent an elder to give the order.

Chen Xiang then said: "We cannot sit still and wait for death right now. Since the Evil Spirit Race that is being led by Long Jinrong plans to destroy this place, we should also take the initiative to attack, but we need to go investigate first, I will handle this."

"Is that okay? Let us go." The Great Clan Elder anxiously said, Chen Xiang was a gold pill god, if something happened to him and he was unable to provide the dragon race with the divine pellets, they would all be worried.

"Don’t worry about me." Chen Xiang laughed: All you need to do is stay here and capture the rats, the people of the Evil Spirit Race must come in by themselves, if they were to launch a large-scale attack, it would be a huge loss, but you must not relax, the people that the Evil Spirit Race sent to ambush and assassinate, should all be elite Evil Spirits.

Chen Xiang had already obtained the Azure Dragon’s divine soul, so he had to quickly settle the matter here, and then leave this heavenly star to search for the divine soul of other divine beasts. Thus, he planned to go kill off the Evil Spirit Race by himself.

The Evil Spirit Race was still quite far away from the Dragon City, Chen Xiang guessed that the elite evil spirits that the Evil Spirit Race had sent out were definitely on their way, he wanted to take this opportunity to sneak an attack on the Evil Spirit Race, he believed that with the strength of the dragon race, they would definitely be able to resist this attack, furthermore the dragon race had already made sufficient preparations.

At night, Chen Xiang teleported out of the Dragon City, and even used the Counter Power to make himself invisible. Although this was the power of the Evil Spirit Race, after he used it, the Evil Spirit Race was still unable to sense it.

When he entered this star, he saw that the Starry Sky Blood Devil was constantly coming out, and that was the lair of the Evil Spirit Race. According to his memories, he was constantly teleporting in that direction.

Not long after, he arrived at the place where he met Long Peijin last time. After using the Dao heart Eye here, he could see the Starry Sky Blood Devil that kept appearing.

Chen Xiang understood from the Azure Dragon’s memories that the reason he built the Azure Dragon Tomb back then was also because of these Evil Spirit Race s, only that those Evil Spirit Race s had already been under his control. After he finished constructing them, those Evil Spirit Race s would accompany him in death, and the reason why the Evil Spirit Race was constantly producing the Starry Sky Blood Devil s was so that they could absorb the energy from the outside.

"It’s just over there, try your best to get rid of the Evil Spirit Race tonight. Let’s see if there’s any way to control the barrier around this Heavenly Star. Such a good Heavenly Star can’t be abandoned." Chen Xiang was very satisfied with the Heaven-stage Stars, but it was very dangerous here, if the Evil Spirit Race was destroyed, the Heavenly Star would be perfect.

"Chen Xiang, you plan to take root in this heavenly star in the future." Yue Er asked.

But before that, I plan to have the Star Moon Divine Race, Divine Dragon Race and the Cat Race all gather here, and at that time, the Nine Heaven School and the Hundreds of Flowers Village would come over and join forces. With my power in the Everlasting Mountain, it would be much easier to deal with the other Heavenly Stars. Chen Xiang said. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Chen Xiang felt that as long as he could find them and negotiate with them, it wouldn’t be too hard for them to migrate here.

"We’ll talk about it when we get out." Yue’er replied, "I can explain to Star Moon Divine Race and the others, it shouldn’t be that difficult."

Chen Xiang nodded his head and teleported to Evil Spirit Race’s territory. At that moment, he was getting closer and closer to Evil Spirit Race.

The Evil Spirit Race was inside a black colored forest. Chen Xiang used the Counter Power to make himself invisible, and then floated in midair. He saw that there were many dots of red light in the black colored forest below.

They looked no different from humans, but their actions were similar to beasts. Right now, they were just like monkeys sitting on trees, only those Evil Spirit Race with high intelligence would have the behavior of humans, this was also a very strong Evil Spirit, the other Chen Xiang were not afraid at all.

"These fellows are definitely afraid of my Chuangshi god furnace’s flames." Chen Xiang took out Chuangshi god furnace and imbued it with Six Realms’ Power.

Chen Xiang instilled the Chuangshi god furnace for more than an hour, then allowed it to grow bigger, and controlled the flames inside the Chuangshi god furnace to erupt outwards. The Chuangshi god furnace’s flames poured down from the sky like a majestic flaming waterfall.

The flames suddenly attacked and instantly fell to the ground, spreading to the surroundings. The black forest evil spirits below were flying everywhere, but they could not escape the sea of fire. In the blink of an eye, more than half of them were submerged in the sea of fire.

"These are just small ants. Long Jinrong and the others are my true targets." Chen Xiang began to search, the flames here had been burning for a long time, but no strong Evil Spirit had come out, which meant that the strong Evil Spirits were not here.

Chen Xiang was shocked: "It seems that not only are the elite evil spirits heading to the Dragon City, Long Jinrong and the rest have also gone. It seems that they can’t wait anymore and want to control the Dragon race as soon as possible."

Starry Sky Blood Devil did not continue to be born, because the blood altar that was used to create Starry Sky Blood Devil had already been burnt by Chen Xiang’s flames.

"Hurry up and go back. If Long Jinrong and the others plan to finish it by tonight, then it is very possible that they will go all out." Yue Er said.

Chen Xiang immediately teleported back. The dragon race did not have the Dragon Emperor protecting them. Long Jinrong and the Evil Spirit Race’s strongest Evil Spirit Emperor had always been able to attack the dragon clan, but the Great Clan Elder and the others could not.

Fortunately, Chen Xiang was able to teleport far away, and not long after, he arrived at the Dragon City. When he appeared in the air above the Azure Dragon Lake, he suddenly heard loud noises from below, and there was a huge commotion below.

"As expected, Long Jinrong and the others came over." Chen Xiang looked for the Great Clan Elder and the others, only to see that the Great Clan Elder was fighting against Long Jinrong.