Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Not long after Chen Xiang entered the Dragon Clan, he knew that the Dragon Clan had been trapped in the Heavenly Star Realm for too long, and had already disassociated themselves from the entire Star Law Divine Realm. The Evil Spirit Race was the same as well, because they were unable to find out about the matters regarding the Star Law Divine Realm after a long time, causing them to only focus on him.

After the Evil Spirit Emperor was broken by Chen Xiang, she lost all her power. Chen Xiang slowly descended from the sky, holding onto the Heavenly magic sword.

"You ... How did you defeat me just now? Impossible, you cannot possibly attack my Divine Sense Sea directly. " Even now, he still could not accept the fact that he was defeated by a human. He was the Evil Spirit Emperor of the Evil Spirit Race, and they had the power to restrain the god race.

"There’s nothing that’s impossible. This world is so vast, you can guarantee that you will understand everything, right? I won’t waste my breath with you, go see your Evil Spirit Race, and continue to be it." Chen Xiang waved the Heavenly magic sword in his hand, and with a ’shua’ sound, he cut Evil Spirit Emperor’s body into many pieces.

Chen Xiang then released the fire of the Chuangshi god furnace, and burned it all in one go. Through the fire released by the Chuangshi god furnace, it was most suitable for burning this kind of powerhouse who had died and resisted.

Great Clan Elder and the rest of the dragons watched as the Evil Spirit Emperor was burned to death.

It was late in the night, and the blood clouds in the sky had already scattered. The world had become very quiet, but all the dragons present could feel the miserable cries that came from the long-dead Evil Spirit Emperor when he was burnt to death. They could not believe that such a powerful Evil Spirit Emperor had been killed just like that.

Indeed, Chen Xiang did not feel that the Evil Spirit Emperor was that powerful. It was because he was not from the ancient times of the Four Divine Races, but rather, the Evil Spirit Emperor was born to restrain him.

"Grand Elder, let’s go to the earth’s core to take a look." Chen Xiang said: "Only by going to the core of the earth can you find the location of the formation that controls this Heavenly Star. At that time, you can enter and leave freely."

The Great Clan Elder immediately nodded his head. Right now, he believed even more firmly that Chen Xiang was their Dragon Clan’s, and understood why Chen Xiang was able to obtain the green dragon’s acknowledgement and enter the Azure Dragon Tomb. From their point of view, Chen Xiang must have received the green dragon’s instruction to enter the Azure Dragon Tomb, which was why he helped their Dragon Clan.

Chen Xiang had a portion of the green dragon’s memories, so he only knew how to control the Heavenly Star’s formation.

There was no need to go to the center of the earth either. On the way to the center of the earth, Chen Xiang found the mechanism that controlled the Heavenly Star Barrier, it was a small formation. He took out the Six Realms mirrors and copied the formation onto the Six Realms mirrors, then he could sense it through the Six Realms mirrors.

"How is it?" The Great Elder asked. Although he had not reached the earth’s core, he still felt that it was extremely hot within this passageway that led to the earth’s core.

"Under my control, the seal enchantment has already been unsealed, but there are still a few layers of barrier protecting this Heavenly Star. I will help you get two Transmission array s later so that you can leave this Heavenly Star through teleportation." Chen Xiang said.

Previously, Chen Xiang was unable to teleport in using the spatial energy, but he had already removed the barrier that sealed the space, allowing him to enter and exit freely. Of course, he also told the Great Clan Elder the method of controlling the barrier.

There were only dragon race on this planet, it was best for the dragon race to stay here and develop themselves, and going out would just be to increase their knowledge. Furthermore, it was not convenient for their dragon race to run around Star Law Divine Realm.

"Great Clan Elder, you guys stay here for now, I will bring the Divine Dragon Race outside here again later. Your Dragon Clan is currently very weak, and you guys are lacking in other areas, so you guys shouldn’t mind that the Divine Dragon Race is here, right?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course not, they had better come faster." The Great Clan Elder said that after Dragon Emperor died, this place would definitely be taken care of by him, and he knew that he did not have much time left to live.

"Alright, I’ll leave now. I’ll come back as soon as possible." Chen Xiang teleported to the outer barrier of this heavenly star and then looked for the Starry Sky Blood Devil s. Using the Chuangshi god furnace s, he began to hunt them down crazily, and in the future, there would be god race enemies coming and going around this heavenly star.

After using a few days of time, Chen Xiang continued to hunt along with the long line from the Starry Sky Blood Devil. Furthermore, he was still wandering around the vicinity and found the group of Starry Sky Blood Devil.

He did not return to the Wang Ancient Heavenly Star. That place had already been occupied by the Purple Yuan Sect, and without his formidable strength, he was unable to fight against the Purple Yuan Sect.

When he arrived at Emperor Dragon Villa, Ge Long personally came out to welcome him. They had cured quite a few of the poison from the powerful divine dragons because they had Chen Xiang’s Three lotus Dan.

"Brother Ge, do you know that when the Azure Dragon died, it took away a portion of the Divine Dragons to guard the tomb?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I’ve heard of it before. Could it be that Brother Chen is interested in our Azure Dragon’s mausoleum?" Ge Long laughed.

"Of course not, I’ve already found the Azure Dragon’s tomb, and I’ve also discovered a big secret. Where is a very large Heavenly Star ... ..." Chen Xiang roughly told Ge Long where the Heavenly Star Academy, where the Azure Dragon’s necropolis was located, was located.

Although Ge Long was a half human half dragon, he was still a part of the Divine Dragon Race and possessed considerable power.

"How is it, has your Divine Dragon Race ever thought of moving to that place?" Chen Xiang laughed: "To you, that is a good place. Of course, I wish you and the other two members of the God Clan to go together."

"If it’s just me, of course I’d be happy to stay away from this area. This area isn’t peaceful at all, those old fellows who are about to die are going crazy everywhere. In order to extend their lives, it’s best to stay away from them." Ge Long said, "I still need to discuss this with those old dragons. Of course, I can tell you this with certainty, it doesn’t matter if the other two great God Clans go. Such a big planet is enough for us three God Clans."

"However, we don’t know where the two god clans are right now." Ge Long said: "I can still train them before, but after I train them, I will no longer be able to contact them. It will be difficult to find them." VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"Don’t worry about that, I’ll go find them." Chen Xiang said: "I’ll tell you the way to get to that Heavenly Star first, when I get back, I’ll set up some Transmission array s along the way ... ..."

Ge Long memorized the route Chen Xiang told him and said, "It doesn’t matter if we go to that Heavenly Star or not, we will still send people over to take a look."

"Alright, I’ll go look for the other two god race now." Chen Xiang left the Earth Dragon Star and entered the endless starry sky.