Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang put down the teacup and said, "I only thought of one idea, but I don’t know if that would work!"

Chen Xiang had a lot of experience in cultivation, so right now, he already had the second Divine Sense Sea. Moreover, he trained in Double bone level, so he could think of a lot of things.

"What way of thinking?" Xu Youqing asked anxiously, her eyes filled with urgency.

"Have you ever tried to cultivate a Divine Sense Sea inside that unique divine soul of yours? If you manage to cultivate it, you will have two Divine Sense Sea s and both of them will be yours. When the time comes, you just need to fuse them together and your divine soul will be able to absorb the power of the Divine Sense Sea for your main body to use. " Chen Xiang said.

"I’ve thought about it, but is that possible? The second Divine Sense Sea, this kind of thing is very mysterious! " Xu Youqing said: "I’ve never tried it before, it’s just too difficult."

"It’s not difficult. As long as you focus all your attention on your divine soul and focus on it, like you did in the past, you will definitely be able to cultivate a second Divine Sense Sea. With your divine soul independent second Divine Sense Sea, you can then continue to cultivate your Divine Deity." Chen Xiang said: "To cultivate the second Divine Sense Sea, this is the only way to break through to the Peak Divine Lord."

Xu Youqing’s eyes lit up, and asked softly: "Did you manage to cultivate up to the second Divine Sense Sea? How else do you know so much? My father never told me about the second Divine Sense Sea, and he’s also been trapped in the Peak Divine Lord for a long time. "

Chen Xiang did not directly answer her, he only laughed: "Cultivating the second Divine Sense Sea requires a certain amount of luck, for example, you have a chance! As for how to cultivate to the second Divine Sense Sea, I don’t know either, but when I have time, I will go and study it. "

After that, Chen Xiang and Xu Youqing discussed about the Second Divine Sense Sea, he asked about how Xu Youqing used divine soul to cultivate his Bones, which gave him a lot of inspiration, because he felt that he could try if he succeeded in training Xu Youqing.

Chen Xiang came to the door and looked at the full moon in the sky. Only now did he remember the reason why he was here, he wanted to cultivate the soul of a Ground-suppressing immortal elephant!

"Where are you going?" Seeing that Chen Xiang was about to walk out the door, Xu Youqing anxiously stepped forward and stopped him.

"I’m going to look for your father!" Chen Xiang said. He wanted to talk to Xu Dazhong and let him cultivate in the place with the densest Earth Qi.

"Why are you looking for him in the middle of the night?" I’m the one who married you, not him ... Since I’m your bride now, shouldn’t you do something to her ... " Xu Youqing said softly, her face slightly red.

"This... I forgot. " Chen Xiang turned around and laughed.

"Hmph, since I’ve agreed to marry you, I will of course give myself to you completely." Xu Youqing said.

"Let’s go take a bath first!" Chen Xiang laughed, and then, he hugged Xu Youqing. At this moment, he also became extremely anxious. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Xu Youqing initially did not plan to take this step so quickly, but after she came into contact with Chen Xiang, she realized that Chen Xiang was much stronger than she had imagined, and hence, she relied on him in a rather difficult manner. Furthermore, she felt that she would give this to Chen Xiang sooner or later, so she decided to simply rely on him.

In the morning of the second day, Chen Xiang looked at Xu Youqing who was sleeping soundly with his back facing him.

"Aren’t we having a big wedding?" Chen Xiang asked as he saw Xu Youqing waking up and kissed her on the cheek.

"No need, I don’t like the liveliness. It’s fine as long as it’s like that!" Xu Youqing’s cheeks flushed red, and she also kissed Chen Xiang’s cheeks. "Didn’t you have some matter to attend to? "Hurry up and go!"

Chen Xiang anxiously stood up and donned his clothes, he did not think that it would be so easy to subdue this strange lady, he looked at her flawless jade body, and could not believe that Xu Youqing would obey him so easily.

"Didn’t you see enough last night!" Xu Youqing pouted as she put on her clothes, then laughed: "What, do you still think I will harm you?"

"I just can’t believe it." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Hurry up and get busy! I’m already yours, are you afraid that I’ll run away? " Xu Youqing chuckled, "It’s too easy to obtain it, don’t you feel a sense of conquest?"

"Of course not!" Chen Xiang kissed Xu Youqing’s cherry lips and laughed: "My beautiful lady, I just think that it’s too surreal. A girl like you, unexpectedly followed me so easily."

"Don’t you have too little confidence in yourself? Can’t you see the advantages of yourself? I only decided to follow you after much deliberation. Otherwise, I would have already run away, and you wouldn’t have been able to do anything to me. " Xu Youqing helped Chen Xiang organize his clothes.

"What a good wife." Chen Xiang caressed her face and laughed.

"Oh right, are your wives as good as I am to you? Will they bully me? " Xu Youqing asked with a worried look on his face.

"Just don’t bully them! They are all very easy-going people. Although they don’t have your strength, they are outstanding in other areas. For example, refining pills, they are very powerful! " Chen Xiang laughed: "They will be coming over soon, when that time comes, I need you to help them get familiar with this place!"

Xu Youqing nodded, although she had grasped the power of the terrifying curse, but she was still rather gentle and kind, only a little mischievous from time to time.

Chen Xiang left Xu Youqing’s house and found Xu Dazhong. This fellow had been singing that unpleasant song since early morning, if he wasn’t Leader, with this kind of singing that sounded like the wailing of ghosts and the howling of wolves, he would have been smashed to death by those smelly shoes long ago.

"You’re still alive? You’ve passed the examination? " When Xu Dazhong saw Chen Xiang, he immediately ran over and patted Chen Xiang’s body, "Miracle, a miracle! You stayed in that damn place of hers for the whole night, and nothing happened! "

Chen Xiang shrugged his shoulders, and said: "Father-in-law, you’re underestimating me too much!"

Xu Dazhong stared blankly for a moment before wrinkling his nose. He was even more shocked when he smelled the fragrance of his daughter’s body from Chen Xiang’s body.

"Good boys, did you get married?" Xu Dazhong asked with a face full of shock.

Chen Xiang laughed but did not say a word, with an expression that said ’you understand’!

Xu Dazhong gave him a thumbs up, "Good son-in-law!"

"Father-in-law, I’m already your son-in-law, and as the Leader, do you mean that you should give me a present or something?" Chen Xiang laughed.

"I already gave my precious daughter to you, what else do you want? It’s good enough that I don’t ask you for a present! " Xu Dazhong said snappily.

Xu Dazhong dragged Chen Xiang into a secret room and asked: "What exactly do you plan to do in the Wang Ancient Heavenly Star? "We agreed to join hands. You have to tell me, or we will clash."

After Chen Xiang came into contact with Xu Dazhong, he felt that he was a pretty good person. They were both very interesting, and now that he was his father-in-law, they were naturally worthy of his trust.