Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Xu Youqing was very curious about the matters regarding her cultivation. Her cultivation only carried the spirit of exploration, so she knew a lot of things, and this was something that she had accumulated from going to other places to search for ancient books. It was because she knew that her own way of cultivation was unique, so she wanted to see if there were any situations similar to hers that she could learn from.

"The Ground-suppressing immortal elephant s don’t seem to have much to do with each other. Where did you hear that from?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"Legend has it that Ground-suppressing immortal elephant were very scary. They not only suppressed the earth, but also the hell! Quite a few people have seen the Four Divine Beasts that we are more familiar with, and Fire unicorn s of the common type are also very common! But only Ground-suppressing immortal elephant s have appeared, and not many people have witnessed it. " Xu Youqing said. At this time, Chen Xiang’s hand was rubbing her chest, allowing her to gently spit.

"I heard that Ground-suppressing immortal elephant can transform into a Fire unicorn as well. What’s going on?" His second Divine Sense Sea was in a similar situation. Previously, his Ground-suppressing immortal elephant had already transformed into a Fire unicorn, but now, it was hiding in the sky and there was one more Ground-suppressing immortal elephant.

"A Qilin transformed from a Ground-suppressing immortal elephant is not simple at all. It’s called a heavenly Qilin, or a heaven suppressing beast, or a heaven suppressing Qilin! There are some in the Star Law Divine Realm, but they are rarely seen. It is said that their strength is extremely terrifying, and they are existences that have surpassed the Peak Divine Lord. " Xu Youqing sat up and dressed himself.

That was what the Azure Dragon had told Chen Xiang. The Fire unicorn’s transformation was to become the master of the heaven, which meant that Xu Youqing’s words were very reliable.

"I’ve read about it in an ancient book. If a Ground-suppressing immortal elephant can transform into a Heavenly Kylin, then that means they have comprehended the Heavenly Dao, become a Heavenly beast, and guard the Heavenly Dao!" Xu Youqing said, "And Ground-suppressing immortal elephant s in reality guard the hell of an entire world, so they are rarely seen. But generally speaking, the Heavenly Qilin and the Ground-suppressing immortal elephant exist at the same time, and they can also be fused together. "

Chen Xiang nodded his head, "So there are so many stories behind this!"

Xu Youqing laughed tenderly: "I did according to what you said, I am now starting to gain some insights from cultivating the second Divine Sense Sea, because this method is feasible!"

"No wonder you’re so happy!" Chen Xiang brought her over and kissed her again.

"Yuqing, come with me. I can’t bear to see you!" Chen Xiang said as he held her in his arms.

"Well, I don’t want to leave you either!" Xu Youqing had already accepted Chen Xiang, and she was even more reluctant than Chen Xiang to part with him now.

Chen Xiang and Xu Youqing finished dressing themselves, and went to look for Xu Dazhong.

... ....

"Are you bringing it to the Wang Ancient Heavenly Star? I am worried that she will be exposed there. The two old fellows of Wang Ancient Heavenly Star are extremely fearful of me, if my daughter were to appear there, she would definitely come to argue with me again. " Xu Dazhong said.

"Father-in-law, you don’t have to worry, they will not find you!" Chen Xiang laughed.

"Alright, you guys have to be careful!" Xu Dazhong nodded and agreed.

"Oh right, father-in-law, do you know about the matter of Undead Divine Race being killed?" Chen Xiang also wanted to know more about this matter.

"Of course I know, but I did not participate in this kind of thing. This is not a good thing, it’s the doing of those people who are about to die!" This bunch of bastards, do they really think that Four Divine Races is a pushover? If Four Divine Races comes in the future to take revenge on me, I might have to hide. " When this matter was mentioned, Xu Dazhong was extremely furious.

"Oh? Four Divine Races is very strong? " Chen Xiang never thought that Xu Dazhong would actually think this way.

"Of course it’s strong. To tell you the truth, these god clans already existed before the Star Law Divine Realm even appeared, what do you think? However, I know that there are many branches in these God Tribes, and the Star Law Divine Realm is just one of them. They were sent here a long time ago, so they should have a mission. " Xu Dazhong said.

Chen Xiang immediately thought of the seal below the Everlasting Mountain. Only the Four Divine Races could reinforce the seal together, could this be the Four Divine Races’s mission?

After telling Xu Dazhong what to do, Chen Xiang brought Xu Youqing and left. He let Xu Youqing enter his Serene Jade Ring, and he had Yue’er inside to accompany her. She would definitely not be alone.

Cat was the same as Chen Xiang, they both liked beautiful girls, and when they saw beauties, they would want to get close to them. In addition to her cute acting, Xu Youqing quickly liked her.

Chen Xiang left for half a year, and finally returned to the Cang Cloud City’s Villa. Wu Zhi also returned!

The reason Wu Zhi left earlier was to look for the elders of the Undead Divine Race. Now, it seems like he had already found them and brought back a lot of important information.

When Chen Xiang returned, he even found out that Ge Long was also looking for him. had even waited for three months, and was currently waiting for him at the hotel in the city.

After returning to the Villa, Chen Xiang also allowed Xu Youqing to come out, and even allowed her to take him for a walk around the place. At the beginning, Xu Youqing had thought that Feng Wu was Chen Xiang’s wife, and called him big sister instead.

Feng Wu also didn’t think that Chen Xiang would actually marry the daughter of the Zi Yuan Leader after going to the Purple Yuan Sect for a trip!

When Chen Xiang returned, he immediately went to find Wu Zhi and Dai Donggong. Soon after, Huang Jintian and Huang Yantian also came, and they all gathered together for a meeting.

"Let that little cat out!" Wu Zhi said, and Yue’er came out of the ring.

"Did you see my grandma?" Yue’er anxiously asked, as Dai Donggong knew a lot about Yue’er’s situation, it was all told to him by Wu Zhi.

"I’ve seen her. She’s doing very well right now. She might come here after a while, but that’s only a possibility." Wu Zhi said: "This was given to you by her. If you want to see her, there’s a way to find her on this list." Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Wu Zhi passed Yue’er a pearl, which Yue’er nodded and stored into her own Storage magic treasure.

"Elder Wu, how is the matter regarding the seal?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Regarding that seal ... Very troublesome, because there are too few Undead Divine Race s, at that time we might not be able to complete the strengthening seal! Right now, the elder is already thinking of a way. It is said that she wants to call a group of people from other places. " Wu Zhi said.

"Don’t tell me this is just a branch?" Huang Jintian said, he took out the Tianyan god record and flipped through it, frowning: "My Tianyan god record is actually not complete, and there are still less in front! I only found out about it today! "

"We should have ancestors. We can only wait for the elder to succeed." Wu Zhi said: "The elders have told us that we must protect that seal well, because that seal is very weak."

Dai Donggong said: "Then do you know what’s underneath the seal?"

Wu Zhi shook her head: "The elder is unwilling to say, she only said that if the seal is not there, the Star Law Divine Realm will become hell."