Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

After Lu Lianyin finished listening, he was pleasantly surprised, and laughed: "This place is not bad, we have stayed here for many years, and had already wanted to change to a better one, only that we did not find a suitable one."

The Divine Dragon Race and the rest were also very bored on top of the Great Heavenly Star. Although there were only a dozen people on the continent, they would still be happy if they could get there.

"Grandmother, all of you should go over to take a look first. If you think it’s good, contact the Star Moon Divine Race and the Cat Race and bring them there as well. That way, I’ll be able to see you guys when I go to that place in the future." Yue’er laughed. "That place is really big."

"Alright." Lu Lianyin said. She alone was able to make decisions about such matters.

"Senior, is this all the Undead Divine Race has?" Chen Xiang asked in a low voice.

"Of course not, there are still some youngsters outside. In total, there are only about a hundred of them." Lu Lianyin lamented, "There will be a day that we will get our revenge."

Under Chen Xiang’s arrangements, Ge Long and Lu Lianyin met. For safety’s sake, Ge Long even ordered a few powerful elders of the Divine Dragon Race to help the Undead Divine Race complete the migration.

In such a safe place, Lu Lianyin didn’t need to worry all day, because she was the strongest in the Undead Divine Race. Usually, she wouldn’t dare to leave her clan, so she could finally act alone.

Yue’er was actually able to see her grandmother again, which made her feel at ease. Originally, she could have stayed on the Great Heavenly Star Realm, but she still decided to follow Chen Xiang.

Lu Lianyin was currently also the patriarch of the Undead Divine Race, and was currently in a discussion with the Divine Dragon Race Elder.

In order to make sufficient preparations in the future, Lu Lianyin planned to tell the Divine Dragon Race Elder and Chen Xiang what she knew. This was because she already knew that Chen Xiang was active in the Everlasting Mountain and was even prepared to snatch the Everlasting Mountain back.

"Before our previous patriarch of the Undead Divine Race died, he didn’t tell me much, I only knew that it was a passage to the Heavenly Dao Hell, the Heavenly Dao Hell was built by the Natural Law Divine Spirit, the things sealed inside were all extremely terrifying demons. As for what exactly was inside, I’m not too sure, but in short, those things in the Heavenly Dao Hell are much weaker, so Ground-suppressing immortal elephant can suppress them." Lu Lianyin said.

"What if they come out?" Chen Xiang asked.

"If we run out, all ten Ground-suppressing immortal elephant will be helpless against them." Lu Lianyin said: "Previously, when Ren Xin said that the Heavenly Dao was dead, it was actually not like that."

"Oh." Chen Xiang said: "I also think that the Heavenly Dao cannot be destroyed."

It’s possible that the Heavenly Dao is a type of law. As for how it was born, even I don’t know. This type of law maintains the circulation of various types of energy, such as the common five element energies, as well as time and space, etc. Lu Lianyin said as he released lightning in one hand and flames in the other.

Chen Xiang nodded his head, "If I can grasp the laws, I can more easily control this power."

Lu Lianyin said, "That’s right. Think about it, if the Heavenly Dao were to be destroyed, all of the energy that we use right now is not something that we are familiar with. Even beings that are born from the Heavenly Dao like us will disappear, because we were born from Natural Law Principles."

"In that case, if the Heavenly Dao is destroyed, wouldn’t we be destroyed?" Chen Xiang frowned, his expression becoming serious.

Right, but the Heavenly Dao is not easy to destroy. This is a very difficult thing to do, but it allows one to control the Heavenly Dao and alter the Heavenly Dao. Currently, the one who has died is the Natural Law Divine Spirit, as for how he died, I do not know, there is also a place called the Heavenly Dao Realm.

Lu Lianyin continued to speak: "These divine gods are all extremely powerful. With them protecting all kinds of Natural Law Principles, it won’t be that easy to change."

"So that’s how it is. In that case, what we need to pay attention to is the seal underneath the Everlasting Mountain, who is plotting this?" The mysterious old man appeared in Chen Xiang’s mind. It was this old man’s wisp of divine soul that had almost bewitched Ren Xin. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"I’m not sure. We also want to know, our Undead Divine Race’s clan being exterminated, could very well be caused by the mastermind behind this." Lu Lianyin said angrily.

Chen Xiang now had some understanding of the matters of the heavens. It was not of much use, but it could only let him understand the current situation more clearly.

The Undead Divine Race had already settled down here, and Lu Lianyin would also be leaving the Great Heavenly Star Realm to discuss with the Star Moon Divine Race and the Cat Race. She wanted to gather the Four Divine Races to discuss on how to deal with this matter.

Chen Xiang was someone who had returned to the villa in the Wang Ancient Heavenly Star. He needed to make the best use of his time to cultivate, and even someone like Ren Xin, who had surpassed the Peak Divine Lord, would find it difficult to deal with the things that came out of the Everlasting Mountain, let alone the current him.

"You Qing, how is your cultivation progress?" Chen Xiang asked. It was only a matter of time before Xu Youqing could train to become the second Divine Sense Sea.

"If everything goes well, I should be able to cultivate the second Divine Sense Sea within a year." Xu Youqing replied: "I’m confident."

"En, then do you need some sort of magical pill to assist you?" Chen Xiang asked again, Xu Youqing was already his woman, he would never be stingy towards his own woman.

"For the time being, I do not need it. If I successfully cultivate the second Divine Sense Sea, I might need a lot more. My current Bones is not full yet." Xu Youqing said, "At that time, not only will I have to cultivate the Divine Deity of the Second Divine Sense Sea to one hundred, I will also have to cultivate the Bones of my fleshly body to nine."

Alright, you can cultivate the second Divine Sense Sea first. When the time comes, you don’t have to worry about Bone level Dan s or anything like that, I will only help you solve your problem. Chen Xiang said. Xu Youqing found out a lot of things from the ring.

Chen Xiang took out the Sky Qilin divine soul that Ren Xin had given him. His other Bones still lacked this divine soul, and the other Divine Deity only required one to cultivate a Life and Death divine soul.

The fusion with the Heavenly Qilin’s divine soul was very easy, Chen Xiang only used one day to complete it, and the moment the fusion happened, the Bones on his head suddenly disappeared.

"Could he have gone to the second Divine Sense Sea?" was shocked. Originally, he had two Bones s in his head, but the Bones that had merged with the five beasts suddenly disappeared.

"Right now, the Bones in my head only requires the God Killing divine soul to be cultivated as the real world core of my Divine Sense Sea." Inside the secret room, Chen Xiang took out the Chuangshi god furnace and began refining the high-quality Nine Yin and yang Dan pellet.

Cultivating [Life Death divine soul] and eating this Nine Yin and yang Dan is for the best. [TL Note: UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU]]]