Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang spent a few months to duplicate quite a few of the high quality Nine Yin and yang Dan’s divine medicine, and then refined many of them. After eating them, he finally condensed a hundred Divine Deity inside his own Divine Sense Sea. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Right now, he did not know whether he could be considered a Peak Divine Lord or not, because he had only condensed Bones eight times. Although there were eight times, they had allowed him to have sixteen sets of Bones.

It was not easy to condense the ninth Divine Deity, Chen Xiang only ate a Taipin bone level Dan and refined it in an hour. This meant that he needed a higher quality Bone level Dan, and he could only go ahead to refine it.

As for the Bone level Dan, they required Six Realms God Cup s to improve their quality. After upgrading the quality of the best pellets to the King grade, they would need to duplicate a large amount of divine medicines so that they could be mass-produced.

"If only Meiyao and the others were here, I wouldn’t have to go through so much effort to copy it." Chen Xiang spent a month’s time to finally mature the high quality medicinal ingredients to the King grade.

As for copying King grade’s medicinal herbs, he would need a lot of purple pearls, and at the same time, he would also need to cooperate with the Spirit seed and use them.

If it was in the Hundreds of Flowers Village, Chen Xiang would not need to work so hard, because Lv Qilian and the group of women who knew how to refine pills mostly cultivated their Life-Killing Divine Deity. Their speed of condensing purple pearls was much faster than Chen Xiang’s, and the quality was also better than Chen Xiang’s.

Furthermore, many of the women in Hundreds of Flowers Village understood that the Alive Slain Method would help faster with them.

Right now, Chen Xiang had no other choice but to patiently condense the purple pearl.

After using more than three months of time, he finally managed to refine a batch of King grade s and refine five pellets out of one furnace. After consuming one pellet, he actually used four hours of time to refine it.

"Could it be because I have too many Bones s on me?" Chen Xiang frowned, this meant that he needed higher level Bone level Dan s, Heaven grade ones.

Previously, when he was at the seventh Bones, he had eaten a Bone level Dan to condense the eighth Bones. Therefore, now that he was condensing the ninth Divine Deity, the Bone level Dan required a very high level.

Chen Xiang still had four King grade s, he did not plan to eat any more, it would just be a waste if he ate them.

After coming out of seclusion, Chen Xiang called the few elders over.

"Each of you, give me two pills." Chen Xiang gave two King grade s to Wu Zhi, Huang Jintian and Huang Yantian.

"This is great, this is the Bone level Dan s. If I am lucky, I can rely on these two Bone level Dan s to step into the Peak Divine Lord." Wu Zhi said excitedly. If there were no King grade s, then he could only eat low quality ones, which required a lot.

Chen Xiang gave the remaining Bone level Dan to Dai Donggong, and had Dai Donggong distribute them to the other disciples who were preparing to condense the ninth Bones.

Of course, he would also give Huang Jintian and the others a Bone level fruit. As long as he could condense the seventh Bones, he would be able to eat the Bone level fruit to condense the eighth Bones, and then eat the Bone level Dan’s Bone level Dan to rush to the peak of the realm.

Chen Xiang was more envious of them because the King grade s were of great use to them, but not to him.

"I will concoct a few more divine pills for all of you. After that, I will have to go into seclusion for a very long time." Chen Xiang said.

Right now he had to speed up their progress, this was to make it easier to take down the Everlasting Mountain, so they needed more Peak Divine Lord s.

Yue’er had been following Chen Xiang during this period of time, especially when she was cultivating inside the Time Formation with him. She had also made rapid progress, and was now preparing to charge into the ninth Bones as well.

He gave it to Dai Donggong. Originally, he planned to go into closed door cultivation to research on how to refine Bone level fruit, but after thinking about it, he suddenly had the idea to go back to Nine Heaven World.

Just as Chen Xiang was walking on the road to look for Huang Jintian, Huang Jintian had actually come to look for him in a hurry.

"Brat, that little girl has come to find you." Huang Jintian said.

"Which little girl? I know a lot of little girls." Although Chen Xiang asked this, after thinking about it for a moment, he couldn’t think of who came to find him.

Of the little girls that he knew in the Star Law Divine Realm, only Long Peijin could possibly come to find him, but he felt that it was not possible. If Long Peijin came to find him, he would definitely not come himself.

"Who is it?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Imperial Concubine Lian." Huang Jintian said: "This little girl used her Heaven extended method quite well, to think she would have us here."

"Why is she here? Did she come alone?" Chen Xiang said in pleasant surprise: "Quickly bring me to see her."

Chen Xiang and Huang Jintian quickly arrived at a hall and saw a purple dressed Imperial Concubine Lian sipping tea. Her movements were extremely graceful and beside her sat a charming woman who looked similar to her.

They were the Imperial Concubine Lian and her daughter Xiao Jin’er, and on the other side, there were two beautiful women who looked like. They were both wearing black tight-fitting clothes, and although their appearances were not alike, their figure and expression were extremely similar.

These two petite girls were Little Lizhi and Xiao Baifeng. Chen Xiang had mentioned this to her many times before, but she was very similar to Little Lizhi. After Xiao Baifeng went to the Hundreds of Flowers Village, he spent most of his days together with Little Lizhi.

"I really didn’t expect that you two would actually come." Chen Xiang walked in happily. Xu Youqing, who was inside the Quiet Jade Ring, was extremely sensitive and immediately asked if she was Chen Xiang’s wife.

Before Chen Xiang could even answer her, Yue’er chattered about the relationship between Chen Xiang and these few women, as well as how they had met each other before, and how they had met each other before.

"You’re pretty honest, to think that you didn’t even eat them." Xu Youqing laughed.

When Chen Xiang walked in, Xiao Baifeng and Little Lizhi immediately stood up. They were extremely respectful to Chen Xiang.

"Elder Brother Shen." Xiao Jin’er politely shouted.

However, when she lowered her head to drink the tea, her beautiful eyes that contained an endless amount of charm, lightly glanced at Chen Xiang, and sent out a gentle gaze, causing Chen Xiang’s heart to thump in his chest. This Imperial Concubine Lian was always seducing him from time to time, causing him to almost be unable to control himself.

"Qilian and the others, including me, are currently in the Hundred gods level and Nine Bones. They got tired of staying in the Nine Heaven World and wanted to come here to take a look, so I had to scout ahead." Imperial Concubine Lian put down his teacup and said with a charming smile.

"So fast, how did you do it, using the Time Formation?" Chen Xiang asked quickly.