Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang originally wanted to go to the Nine Heaven World and bring back the Bone level fruit, so that the people there could raise their Bones a little faster. He didn’t expect them to become Peak Divine Lord so quickly.

Right now, Chen Xiang was only a step away, because of his own cultivation method, it was extremely difficult for him to reach the last step, but once he does, he would obtain extremely strong power. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Of course, if it was under normal circumstances, he would already have the power to surpass Peak Divine Lord. After all, he had sixteen Bones and Hundred gods level, his strength definitely far surpassing Peak Divine Lord’s.

Seeing Chen Xiang’s question, Imperial Concubine Lian giggled. "What, you still haven’t condensed your ninth Divine Deity?"

"There really isn’t any. This step is really difficult, but how did you guys manage to advance so fast?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Time Formation, coupled with Qilian’s Alive Slain Method, we can only cultivate so fast. Qilian managed to gain some insights from the Alive Slain Method, but, this method is only suitable for women." Imperial Concubine Lian laughed: "You are doing quite well here, there’s such a big place."

Imperial Concubine Lian and the rest were not new to this place, they had been here for more than a month, and during this period of time, they had learnt a lot about the Star Law Divine Realm.

"I’m doing fine everywhere." Chen Xiang laughed, he was the Pill God, and as long as he knew how to refine pills, he would be able to get along well wherever he went.

"That’s true. Are there any good places for us here?" Imperial Concubine Lian squinted her bewitching eyes, causing Chen Xiang’s mind to waver.

"Don’t worry, I’ve already made arrangements." Chen Xiang called Feng Wu over.

Seeing such a valiant girl like Feng Wu coming here, the Imperial Concubine Lian secretly snorted. Chen Xiang would get along well wherever he went, and also take advantage of the opportunity to stir up trouble.

"Feng Wu, from now on, you shall be with them. Let them familiarize themselves with this Star Law Divine Realm." Chen Xiang said.

had also told Feng Wu about the Hundreds of Flowers Village before, so these women that had come from the Nine Heaven World must definitely all be from there. Feng Wu immediately nodded, and then politely smiled towards the Imperial Concubine Lian and the others.

"Leader, was the place you told me to find last time arranged for me?" Feng Wu asked.

"Originally, but not now." Chen Xiang suddenly frowned: "Wang Ancient Heavenly Star isn’t safe, but don’t worry, I’ve already found a very safe place."

had long told Huang Jintian and the other elders about the Great Heavenly Star.

"Master, Senior Masters and Senior Masters, if you have the time, contact Ge Long, and then bring Imperial Concubine Lian and the others to the Great Heavenly Star to choose a suitable place. You are all from Undead Divine Race, and so are Imperial Concubine Lian and Jin’er. Chen Xiang said.

"Alright, there’s no time to lose, let’s start our journey now. At that time, not only will Hundreds of Flowers Village be here, maybe even Nine Heaven School will be here." Huang Jintian laughed, "It would be best if the Four Divine Beasts came as well.

The Four Divine Beasts of Star Law Divine Realm were already dead, and although the Four Divine Beasts of Nine Heaven World had experienced many life and death situations, they were still steadily growing. If they really came here, it would be extremely lively.

"Ge Long can be reached at any time, we can set off immediately." Huang Yantian said.

"Imperial Concubine Lian, you should go with them. Choose a place first, build a Transmission array, and then migrate over here." Chen Xiang said.

"Hmm, I’ll be able to see a little scoundrel like you when the time comes. It’s been too long since I last saw you, so I feel uncomfortable." Imperial Concubine Lian chuckled.

The fact that the Imperial Concubine Lian was teasing Chen Xiang in front of all these people also caused them to laugh involuntarily. Chen Xiang really wanted to punish this demon spirit, to actually tease him like this.

Huang Jintian and the others brought the Imperial Concubine Lian girls and left. As Chen Xiang was about to return to the secret room to refine pills, he met Wu Zhi on his way.

"Leader, your father-in-law has received news." Wu Zhi sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang. He had only told Wu Zhi about Chen Xiang marrying him, because Wu Zhi had many clones. Even if he did not tell Wu Zhi, he would still know about it.

Now, it was Wu Zhi in charge of the communication between him and Xu Dazhong.

"Oh, is there something important?" Chen Xiang frowned and asked.

"Yes, he said it was urgent, so he told you to go to the Purple Yuan Sect immediately." Wu Zhi said.

"Alright, I’ll go now." Chen Xiang nodded and left the Cang Cloud City.

After a few teleports, he finally arrived at the outskirts of the mountain range. He changed into his original appearance, took out a purple jade tablet, and easily entered the Purple Yuan Sect.

The moment he entered the Purple Yuan Sect, he felt that something was amiss, as if something was staring at him.

"It seems like something is happening in Purple Yuan Sect, to think that someone would pay so much attention to me." Chen Xiang had already sensed that someone was secretly staring at him. As long as they did not do anything to hurt him, he did not take them seriously.

He came to the pavilion where Xu Dazhong lived. When he saw Xu Dazhong, he realized that Xu Dazhong was walking back and forth in the hall, as if he was troubled by something.

"Father, what’s going on?" Xu Youqing came out of the ring and asked anxiously.

"It’s not a good thing, Fang Zitian, this brat, actually betrayed me after failing to marry you. I don’t know what those two old turtles did, but the few people under my command who could beat them the best betrayed me." Xu Dazhong said angrily: "I treated them so well, but they actually left just like that. And looking at the situation, they might even want to beat me up."

Xu Dazhong treated others well, there were rumors even in the Purple Yuan Heavenly Star, but now that there was actually someone who betrayed him, and even so much, it must be because the other party used some methods or offered a very generous treatment.

"Father-in-law, don’t worry. There’s still me." Chen Xiang laughed: "It’s not a bad thing for them to betray you. At least, it’s better to be able to see what kind of people they are than to stab you in the back."

What you say is correct, but they want to join hands and kill me, I don’t know what kind of medicine those two old fogeys ate, they actually wanted to drive me away so quickly, can’t they be convinced that Purple Yuan Sect is being controlled by a brat like me? The more Xu Dazhong spoke, the angrier he got. The most important thing was that so many people had betrayed him.

He had carefully nurtured them over the years, and he had always trusted these people.

"There are still two factions in Purple Yuan Sect, right? It’s just those two fence-sitters, did they do it?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It’s them. I always thought they were fence-sitters. Only now do I know that they are corner shovels that specifically dig into the corners. What makes me feel more comfortable is that Zi Yuan Villa’s side has also been dug out." Xu Dazhong said.