Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Last time when Fang Zitian was fighting, he didn’t expect that Chen Xiang’s eyes would also release such a strong attack. This time, he was already prepared;

"Don’t you need a weapon? Of course, even if you use it, it will only be a waste. In front of the Purple God Saber, your divine weapons are nothing but trash. " Fang Zitian said haughtily as he brandished the Purple God Blade in his hand.

Of course Chen Xiang wanted to use it, but he wouldn’t show off his powerful divine weapons like the other party!

"Begin!" This was what Xu Dazhong had shouted.

From the start, Fang Zitian had immediately stepped forward and viciously slashed at Chen Xiang. He had instantly unleashed hundreds of slashes to completely cover Chen Xiang, sealing off all avenues of retreat for him.

However, when the Purple Deity Blade struck Chen Xiang’s body, a clear "dang dang" sound was emitted. It was as if the blade was hitting steel, and was actually unable to strike Chen Xiang!

Fang Zitian was startled, he did not know what was going on, but Chen Xiang’s body was extremely sturdy, as if there was a strange layer of energy on the surface of his body that was able to block his Purple God Blade!

Everyone present were all experienced and knowledgeable, and at this moment, they were equally shocked, to think that Chen Xiang’s body was actually so terrifying!

In fact, Chen Xiang used the Diamond Heavenly Elephant of the Heavenly Elephant to make his body as sturdy as the stars!

"I don’t believe it!" Fang Zitian immediately went up again. This time, he channeled a very powerful force into the Purple God Saber, causing the blade to release a blinding purple light.

"Humph!" Chen Xiang suddenly took action, a cold light flashed in his hand, and the Heavenly magic sword appeared.

He and the Heavenly magic sword had already reached one with the sword, and as if the Heavenly magic sword was connected to his flesh and blood, he instantly transferred his immense power onto the Heavenly magic sword, and hacked towards the Purple Divinity Saber that was slashing towards him. Previous Chapter |

Ding! The moment the Purple God Blade touched the Heavenly magic sword, it was cut off!

The moment the tip of the blade was broken, a force was sent flying out, crashing into the barrier!

After the Purple Divinity Saber that was glowing with a purple light was chopped in half, purple gas continued to pour out from within. In the blink of an eye, the broken half of the Divine Saber had turned dull, as though it was made of scrap metal.

"This... This is not true! " Fang Zitian’s body shook violently. He could not believe that such a powerful divine weapon could actually be cut apart by a sword without a sharp point.

Fang Zitian had used quite a few methods to test the strength of the Purple God Blade before, if not he wouldn’t have been so confident before!

Not just Fang Zitian, even Xu Dazhong was stunned. The few elders behind him took deep breaths, because they had all seen how terrifying the Purple God Blade was. But now, it had been cut in half by a single slash.

"Compared to Divine Weapons, you will only die faster!" In the instant that Fang Zitian was lost in thought, Chen Xiang had teleported to meet with his sword, before Fang Zitian could even react, his head was chopped off by Chen Xiang.

The moment Fang Zitian’s complicated looking head landed on the ground, a ball of flame shot out from his palm like a flaming meteorite!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM! After Fang Zitian’s head was hit by the ball of fire, it turned into a ball of fire and exploded!

Xu Dazhong took a deep breath. He felt that he and the few elders behind him did not need to do anything, Chen Xiang alone could solve all the problems here, because even if it was him, he would not be able to kill Fang Zitian so easily!

Fang Zitian had personally groomed Fang Zitian, so Xu Dazhong’s strength was extremely clear to him. Even if he were to personally make a move, with Fang Zitian possessing the Purple Deity’s Blade, defeating him would be extremely difficult.

"Let’s get rid of this kid first!" The Third Elder shouted: "All of you, go and stall Xu Dazhong!"

With that, the Third Elder and the few elders rushed forward, wanting to kill Chen Xiang!

The six elders behind Xu Dazhong also left their original places, and in the blink of an eye, they arrived beside Chen Xiang. An extremely powerful aura erupted from their bodies, causing those who had rushed over to attack, and they couldn’t help but tremble with fear.

"Kill them all, don’t leave a single one alive!"

Xu Dazhong shouted, he himself also took out a divine sword, rushed towards the enemy and started killing. He had long wanted to get rid of those who betrayed him. The anger that he had suppressed for so long had finally been vented out. In just a few moments, a few of them were killed by him.

"Old thing, so what if you killed Undead Divine Race for your longevity? Now you have to die too!" Chen Xiang caught the sword of the Third Elder with his empty hand, and two red beams of light shot out from his eyes into the other party’s Divine Sense Sea.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" The Third Elder screamed as his Divine Sense Sea was attacked by Chen Xiang.

"I’d like to see who ordered you all to do so!" Chen Xiang chopped off the Third Elder’s head, then pinched the head and used the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell, searching through the memories in his head.

As expected, he quickly found the mysterious old man’s memories! This group of big shots of forces who were about to die due to the instigation of the mysterious elder secretly planned to kill Undead Divine Race.

"Killing one another in the same sect... Xu Dazhong, you will die a miserable death ... " The Fourth Elder screamed miserably. His body was already badly mangled by the.

"Humph, I’m just cleaning up the place!" After Xu Dazhong settled this matter, he jumped over to the fourth clan elder and hacked off his throat.

In just a few moments, all the people they brought with them were killed, and this small plaza was covered in blood!

"Fortunately, this formation was laid earlier. Otherwise, my little pavilion would have been destroyed." Xu Dazhong laughed, his group of Peak Divine Lord were in an incredible battle, if this were to continue, the barrier would not be maintained, and most of the Purple Yuan Sect would be flattened.

"These guys are really weak!" Chen Xiang faced the corpses on the ground and continued to shoot out balls of flame. Seeing his flames, Xu Dazhong and the few elders felt chills down their spines, as they quickly distanced themselves from Chen Xiang.

"It’s not that they are too weak, it’s that you are too strong!" If not for you killing the Third Elder, things would not have ended so quickly. " Xu Dazhong said.

"Have you already surpassed the Peak Divine Lord realm?" An old man asked.

"Well... It’s hard to say! " After all, he had only condensed the eighth Divine Deity now.

"I can go and take down the Everlasting Mountain now. If I don’t kill those two fellows up there, I’ll be worried." Xu Dazhong said, "Everlasting Mountain is still quite strong. After all, there are still Dan God Institute and the clan of elders up there. Adding on the people brought by the Great Elder and Second Elder, they are much more powerful than those two wall grasses."

Xu Dazhong did not know about the matters of the Everlasting Mountain, so he felt that he should go and try. However, Chen Xiang shook his head and said, "We cannot make a move against the Everlasting Mountain now, we must obtain absolute strength before we can strike!"Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels