Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The matter regarding the Purple Yuan Sect had already been settled by Chen Xiang. When he was searching through the Third Elder’s memories, he had found out that there was some information regarding that mysterious old man.

As the Peak Divine Lord s who were about to die of old age, they knew how to contact that mysterious old man. After they killed the Undead Divine Race, they would take its corpse to that old man to extract its power!

Chen Xiang also knew how to find the mysterious old man!

"Father-in-law, are you alright now?" Chen Xiang said: "If not, then I will go back to work!"

"No, sometimes I’ll look for you again." Xu Dazhong patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder, and laughed: Go and busy yourself!

Chen Xiang was now going to look for the mysterious old man! He had seen this mysterious old man’s divine soul before, and that divine soul had been smashed to death by Ren Xin in a fit of rage! However, that mysterious old man should have a lot of divine soul.

When Chen Xiang told this matter to Yue’er, Yue’er was extremely excited, and said: "We must find this bastard, the one who caused the death of so many people in Undead Divine Race!"

"If only it was his real body! Of course, if it’s divine soul, I would also try to use the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell on him. If I want to know more about the Heavenly Law and Hell, I can only find out from him. " Chen Xiang said.

"Mm, where is he hiding now?" Yue Er asked.

"I’m on top of a Xuan grade star, I’ll go find him now!" Chen Xiang immediately left the Purple Yuan Heavenly Star, and after teleporting for a few rounds, he arrived on top of one of the Earth-stage Stars s and flew away.

Since the Profound Ranked star did not reach the Transmission array, it could only go to the nearest Earth-stage Stars and then fly through the air.

Chen Xiang used the power of space to teleport, so he quickly went to the Profound Ranked Star!

Although this place was a Profound Ranked Star, there were a lot of people here. It was just that most of them were mortals, and the spirit energy here was very sparse. The mysterious old man must have his own ulterior motives for hiding in this place.

Once Chen Xiang arrived here, he immediately hid his presence and disguised himself as a mortal, heading towards the mysterious old man’s hiding place.

Very quickly, he arrived beside a big house. There was a long queue here, and the people queuing up were all strong and sturdy youths. Chen Xiang used the Third Elder’s memories and confirmed that the mysterious old man lived inside.

"What are you guys waiting here for?" Chen Xiang asked a young man who looked simple and honest. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"We are going to learn the Soaring Sky Technique from God." The young man said.

Chen Xiang immediately understood who the mysterious elder was trying to find, but why was that so? The mortals on this planet only had a very shallow understanding of the path of cultivation. Many of them were unable to leave this planet. Naturally, no one knew about the matters of the outer sect. Occasionally, some powers would pass by and check if there were any good seedlings that were rarely seen.

In order to meet the mysterious old man, Chen Xiang had to line up as well!

After waiting in line for half a day, it was finally his turn. The person responsible for the assessment was not the mysterious old man, but a middle-aged man! When Chen Xiang saw the middle aged man, he could not help but frown, because the middle aged man gave off an aura that he was extremely familiar with.

"Counter Power!" Chen Xiang said in shock.

The only one who possessed such power was the Evil Spirit Race, and the Evil Spirit Race had already been annihilated by him. At this time, he thought that the Evil Spirit Race was related to the mysterious old man, and he suspected that the Evil Spirit Race was from another world.

"What’s your name? You’re in pretty good shape! " The middle-aged man used a type of stone to tap back and forth on Chen Xiang’s body, and the stone occasionally trembled a little.

"Shen Fei!" Chen Xiang said.

"Alright, you’ve passed. Please head over there!" The middle-aged man pointed to a room in his mansion.

When Chen Xiang walked over, he smelt a very faint scent of blood, and then he used the Dao heart Eye to look, only to see that the interior of the house was a mass of blood red, it was extremely similar to the Starry Sky Blood Devil that he had seen previously!

Starry Sky Blood Devil and Evil Spirit Race were extremely good at devouring powerful bodies. Chen Xiang was shocked, there was clearly a very terrifying guy in the room, a youth who was continuously devouring his own body!

Now Chen Xiang understood that the mysterious old man was not accepting a disciple, but was looking for a youth with decent flesh.

"This fellow is truly malicious!" Although Chen Xiang knew that something extremely terrifying was happening inside, he still walked over because he wasn’t afraid in the slightest.

When he walked into the room, he saw an old man sitting on a chair. His white hair was dyed red by blood, and his mouth was covered with blood.

Seeing this old man, Chen Xiang was overjoyed, because this was the mysterious old man. He was the one who instigated the powerhouses to kill Undead Divine Race, and even Dragon kylin Ren Xin was misled by him!

"Young man, come over here. I can help you learn the Soaring Sky Technique very quickly." The old man chuckled. His current appearance was very scary. His white hair was all sticky with dried blood.

However, he pretended to be benevolent and pretended to be so. If Chen Xiang had not known about his situation, he might have been tricked too.

After Chen Xiang walked over, the Heavenly magic sword appeared in a flash. Without saying a word, he chopped off the old man’s head with his fastest speed!

"It’s you!" Even after the mysterious old man’s head was chopped off, there was no blood. Furthermore, he was still talking. Just now, when Chen Xiang had used his power, he had recognized him from his aura. Chen Xiang was the human who had awakened the Dragon kylin that day.

Chen Xiang grabbed onto the old man’s head, he sensed that there was a force surging towards him, his eyes immediately shot out two rays of gold light, and entered the old man’s Divine Sense Sea.

The elder’s Divine Sense Sea was a field of blood red, the sky was filled with blood mist, but this did not stop Chen Xiang from attacking his Divine Sense Sea.

The old man screamed again and again as he angrily said, "If you fight against us, there won’t be a good result. You have to understand that even an old Heavenly Dao creature like us has died in our hands. Our strength is not something you can imagine."

"I only know that you guys are not good people. No matter how strong you are, I will still fight you!" After Chen Xiang finished attacking the old man’s Divine Sense Sea, he used the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell and started to search through his memories.

This was also the old man’s real body, but his power had been sealed by the Natural Law Divine Spirit, so he could only use the extremely weak Counter Power, while his body continuously aged and relied on evil techniques to maintain it.

"It seems like you don’t know much!" Chen Xiang took out his Chuangshi god furnace.

"Why is the Chuangshi god furnace in your hands?" The old man exclaimed.

"Enter!" Chen Xiang threw the old man’s head into the Chuangshi god furnace and burned it to ashes. Then, he walked out of the house and killed the middle-aged man in charge of testing. This was a Evil Spirit Race.