Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Wu Zhi also spread the news of this matter to the upper star realms, letting the Four Divine Races s above understand the situation. Since the Undead Divine Race’s main race was above the Natural Law Divine Realm, then perhaps the other three Great God Clans might also be above the. If they were all going to disrupt the order of the heavens, then the other three Great God Clans would have to make their own decisions.

Now, Wu Zhi had already made a decision to go against the entire clan, because they, the Undead Divine Race, had sacrificed too much.

The other three God Clans did not sacrifice anything, but they could not force themselves to hide, so their resentment was not that great. At that time, they might just follow the main race above Natural Law Divine Realm.

Therefore, Wu Zhi had also told Chen Xiang to be wary of the other three God Clans.

Deep into the night, the entire Cang Cloud City was extremely quiet. Chen Xiang and the others had already gathered all of the disciples, and with the help of a large number of Bone level Dan, the strength of all the disciples had increased by a lot.

Tomorrow, you will be led by the Elder Dai. We will listen to the orders of the Elder Dai to attack, and we will be in charge of killing our way up to the Everlasting Mountain. " Wu Zhi said. As he had many clones, he had already infiltrated into the Everlasting Mountain seriously.

"There isn’t much power laid down on top of the Everlasting Mountain, only the original Dan God Institute and the elder’s courtyard. There is already an elder of the Purple Yuan Sect, and most of the Purple Yuan Sect’s power is hidden underneath the Everlasting Mountain. I have already told the Elder Dai of their location." Wu Zhi said.

"Everyone, when the time comes, you must be careful. The more people we send, the more of them will live." Chen Xiang said: "I believe that for the past few days, everyone has been working hard to improve themselves. Although we don’t have many people here, all of us are elites, able to take charge of Chen Xiang."

"Although we have a lot of enemies, they are all shrimp soldiers and crab generals. We do not need to fear them." Chen Xiang said. These disciples often fought with the Special god beast, and at this time, they were not afraid at all. On the contrary, they were excited, they had been here for so long.

Before the sky brightened, Chen Xiang had already used his formidable spatial energy to teleport everyone to the area below Everlasting Mountain., Huang Jintian, Teng Yong and Jing Ze each led their own small teams, stealthily approaching the area of influence of Everlasting Mountain.

Chen Xiang did not tell Xu Dazhong. Previously, Xu Dazhong had also said that if he were to make a move against Everlasting Mountain, there was no need to notify him.

The two powerful elders of the Purple Yuan Sect that were stationed there were also strong opponents for Xu Dazhong.

"Elder Wu, let’s go." Originally, Dai Donggong also wanted to go up there, but there was an elder from the Purple Yuan Sect below who needed Dai Donggong’s strength to suppress them.

And now that Chen Xiang had eighteen Bones and Hundred gods level, in addition to the Second Divine Sense Sea, he felt that he would have no problem fighting the entire Everlasting Mountain on his own.

If it wasn’t for the fact that there was a seal underneath Everlasting Mountain, they wouldn’t need to be so careful. Chen Xiang was able to handle it alone, and the reason why they were doing that was because they wanted to quickly kill all the Peak Divine Lord s that were a threat to their safety.

Chen Xiang and Wu Zhi teleported all the way to the summit of Everlasting Mountain, where there were many buildings. Chen Xiang had come here once before, but was still not very familiar with the place, but Wu Zhi had his clone inside there and was very familiar with it.

"Leader, my clone has already left the Everlasting Mountain. You can attack in a while." Wu Zhi whispered to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang’s first target was the elder of the Purple Yuan Sect, this elder was also the strongest on the mountain top. He did not need Wu Zhi’s guidance to be able to sense this elder’s aura.

"I’ll be going over first. Go and assassinate the other Peak Divine Lord s, it would be best if there isn’t any commotion." After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he teleported and disappeared. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

The elder from Purple Yuan Sect was currently cultivating in the secret room. Chen Xiang’s spatial energy was becoming stronger and stronger, and his penetrating power was extremely strong. Even with the protection of the secret room, he was able to easily penetrate it.

After Chen Xiang entered, the clan elder immediately noticed him and opened his eyes wide, his eyes flashed, and he suddenly disappeared.

"What?" Chen Xiang was startled, he immediately released the Dao heart Eye, and very quickly he saw a red figure flash past him, he did not expect the elder to actually know how to use the Counter Power, and hide his own body.

"What’s wrong with this fellow? He actually knows how to use this kind of power." Chen Xiang could see his opponent using the Dao heart Eye, so when the elder chopped at him, Chen Xiang immediately used the Counter Power to make himself more transparent.

"Who exactly are you? Why did you kill me? Could it be that you’ve reneged on your promise?" The elder asked hurriedly when he saw the other party use the same amount of power as him.

"You participated in the killing of the Undead Divine Race. This is the reason. Chen Xiang flashed, the Heavenly magic sword appeared in his hands and slashed at the elder.

Chen Xiang’s speed was very fast, and the elder could not see him either. This secret room was also very narrow, so it was impossible for him to dodge.

Chen Xiang never thought that the elder’s reaction would be so good, to actually be able to dodge his fatal strike, it was only the loss of an arm, but the following strike accurately pierced into his opponent’s throat.

"Just who are you?" The Purple Yuan Sect Elder appeared to be round, his throat was filled with blood, and when Chen Xiang thrusted the sword, a wave of Meteor immortal power was injected into the sword, causing the opponent’s Bones to shatter, the opponent’s body and Divine Sense Sea both suffered heavy injuries.

"You don’t need to know. You only need to know that I’m here to avenge the Undead Divine Race." Chen Xiang slapped his head with his palm, and at the same time that the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell activated, the elder screamed miserably.

Chen Xiang was currently searching through the elder’s memories, because he knew about the Counter Power.

"Damn it, I didn’t expect that after the mysterious old man died, there would still be other people." From the elder’s memories, Chen Xiang realised that there were other Evil Spirit Race’s Evil Spirits moving around. They were also quite active during this period of time, and they began to come into contact with some strong practitioners.

Boom! A thunderous boom came from the outside.

"Crap." Chen Xiang felt that something terrible had happened. If this elder knew about Counter Power, then the other Peak Divine Lord s of Everlasting Mountain might know too.

After hiding, it was not something that Dai Donggong and the others could deal with.

Chen Xiang swiftly killed the elder, and after throwing him into the Chuangshi god furnace, he immediately teleported out of the secret room. When he arrived outside, he saw blood trickling from the corner of Wu Zhi’s mouth, and landed on a small plaza. On top of that, there was also an arm, which wasn’t Wu Zhi’s arm, but the arm of an elder of the Dan God Institute.