Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

After Chen Xiang’s one strike failed, he confirmed the position of the Black Costume Evil Spirits and immediately attacked again with the second strike.

However, this time, he was still dodged. The opponent didn’t counterattack and just kept on dodging!

"With your current strength, it’s still not enough to kill me. Don’t waste your strength. Although you can use the power of space, you only know a little bit of it. It’s only touching upon the Space Laws!" The Black Costume Evil Spirits said, "And me, who have cultivated within the spatial laws, you are too far away from me!"

Chen Xiang was secretly shocked in his heart, but he did not reveal it as he sneered: "Then why did you run? Are you willing to watch those guys get killed by me? "

Black Costume Evil Spirits said: "I just want to talk to you alone. As for those dogs, they are nothing in my eyes! You, on the other hand, are much more important than them! "Since you are able to grasp our strength without a teacher, I can let you join us and become one of us. Just listen to my commands in the future!"

Chen Xiang finally understood that the Black Costume Evil Spirits had set his eyes on him and wanted to rope him in. This made him laugh in his heart, he would never join a power like the Evil Spirit Race that wanted to destroy the heavens!

"What is it? Aren’t you going to join us? As long as our plan succeeds, you will be able to gain even more power! " The Black Costume Evil Spirits said. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"So what if I’m strong?" Isn’t it because I’m under your control? What’s more, all of your actions are the ones that I hate the most! "Don’t think that I don’t know your plans. What I need to do now is to destroy them." Chen Xiang said coldly.

The plan of the Evil Spirit Race was to control the laws of the entire Heavenly Dao and allow the countless creatures born from the Heavenly Dao to become their energy, allowing them to obtain even more powerful strength!

Chen Xiang would never do such a thing!

"Very strange, who exactly are you? Natural Law Divine Spirit is already dead, and all of his comrades were killed by us, so there can’t be anyone who would end up here! And you don’t seem to be his accomplice. You don’t know much. " Black Costume Evil Spirits said, "Even though you aren’t willing to join us, I still have high hopes for you. Thus, no matter what, I must subdue you today and force you to become my slave."

Chen Xiang laughed coldly: "Then you still need to have the ability to do that, you really think I’m that weak? Many guys like you have died at my hands before. They all have one common trait, being conceited! "

Black Costume Evil Spirits laughed: "In my eyes, you are also a very conceited human! Be my slave, I will not treat you unfairly! "

With that, the Black Costume Evil Spirits suddenly disappeared. Chen Xiang used the Dao heart Eye, but was not able to catch him, at the same time, he teleported to avoid being attacked by the opponent!

In the blink of an eye, a force suddenly hit his body as if it wanted to tear him apart. In that instant, he fell out of the spatial passageway!

He actually suffered an attack after teleporting. A surge of power entered the teleportation channel he opened and quickly attacked him. This all happened in a very short period of time.

"I’ve already said that you’re still too weak. If you join us and become my slave, I can guarantee that you’ll quickly become stronger, even surpassing me, especially when it comes to using spatial energy." The Black Costume Evil Spirits said.

"Dream on!" Chen Xiang had already sensed that since he was within the Black Costume Evil Spirits, the opponent’s spatial energy was indeed stronger than his, so he was indeed inferior to the Black Costume Evil Spirits in terms of spatial usage.

But this was all because when he was cultivating Divine Deity, most of his Divine Deity were Life-Killing Divine Deity, so he had less spatial Divine Deity!

He felt that if he had more than a hundred spatial Divine Deity, he definitely would not be weaker than his opponent!

After thinking about it, Chen Xiang knew that he did not have much spatial Divine Deity, so if he were to compete with the power of space, he would definitely not be able to defeat the other party.

It was also because the usage of Chen Xiang’s spatial energy was not as good as his, that was why he came to the conclusion that Chen Xiang was much weaker than him. Furthermore, Chen Xiang was a human, and he had once cultivated the spatial laws before, so he believed that it was impossible for Chen Xiang to defeat him.

"I’ll give you one more chance. I don’t want to waste any more time with you right now. If you obediently agree to be my slave, I can guarantee that you will have a very comfortable life in the future. Otherwise, I’ll kill you here." The Black Costume Evil Spirits said.

"Slave your ass! For a guy like you, even if you were my slave, I would still look down on you! " Chen Xiang shouted as he took out the Six Realms mirrors.

"Then go to hell!" The Black Costume Evil Spirits suddenly disappeared, he used the Counter Power to conceal himself, and at the same time, used his own powerful spatial energy to teleport.

Chen Xiang also immediately urged his Six Realms mirrors, allowing it to release a Soul Sealing Killing Array!

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" The moment Black Costume Evil Spirits appeared by Chen Xiang’s side, he suddenly shouted loudly, and the Soul Sealing Killing Formation that Chen Xiang released from the Six Realms mirrors activated.

This Soul Sealing Killing Array could suddenly burst forth with a very strong power. It could seal an enemy’s soul for an instant, and at that moment, it would also wildly attack the enemy’s soul. However, it would only do so for an instant!

To Chen Xiang, an instant was more than enough for him to defeat his opponent!

Right at this moment, Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword’s aura was raging, and all the Divine Deity in his body was trembling. Waves after waves of berserk divine power gushed out of him, assaulting the Heavenly magic sword!

"Kill!" Chen Xiang bellowed, and at the same time, the Heavenly magic sword pierced towards the center of the other party’s brows, his eyes shot out two rays of golden light using his Bones. The Meteor immortal power entered the Divine Sense Sea through the specificity of his eyes through the Bones, and saw the black colored Divine Sense Sea as though he had been struck by two gigantic meteors!

Chen Xiang pulled out the Heavenly magic sword and anxiously retreated. The Black Costume Evil Spirits held his head and screamed continuously, his entire body releasing red mist. At the same time, he cursed Chen Xiang.

"I will tear you apart!" Black Costume Evil Spirits suddenly turned into a red mist, her appearance was extremely sinister, as she roared and rushed towards Chen Xiang.

"Come in!" Chen Xiang immediately summoned his Chuangshi god furnace, making the opening of the Chuangshi god furnace big, allowing the Black Costume Evil Spirits to enter inside.

At this time, the white space around him had also disappeared, and the moment Chen Xiang appeared in the lake!

Black Costume Evil Spirits did not die. He was trapped by Chen Xiang inside the Chuangshi god furnace!

"You sure are lucky, falling into the hands of a pill god like me! "So don’t worry, your Spatial Force won’t disappear just like that after you die, so I’ll accept it." Chen Xiang laughed mischievously, then he hid in a cave and used the Heavenly Alchemy to separate his terrifying spatial energy from the Black Costume Evil Spirits’s body.