Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Although they knew that the other two batches had been destroyed, they were still here looking for fun. Furthermore, the rest of the three batches had all been destroyed by Yue Yang.

"This batch is just as arrogant as the previous two. All the Undead Divine Race in Natural Law Divine Realm have the same moral character!" Chen Xiang snickered in his heart. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

In the middle of the square above the Green Brilliant Sky Mountain, the people on the fighting stage were fighting with great vigor. They were all the kind of people who would fight to the death with each other.

Chen Xiang looked around and noticed that there were a few pagodas at the side of the plaza. There were people eating on the pagodas and watching the battles below. With one look, Chen Xiang could tell that they were all from Undead Divine Race.

"These guys are really strong!" Chen Xiang could see all the Undead Divine Race s up there clearly, and could also feel the aura emitted from their bodies. There were actually three people who had surpassed the Peak Divine Lord Realm, no wonder they were still indifferent about the other two batches of Undead Divine Race being destroyed.

They felt that they were much stronger than those two groups, and they didn’t want to deal with them yet. It seemed that they were in the mood to wait.

Chen Xiang was secretly calculating how he was going to deal with the Undead Divine Race. Just as he was thinking about it, a man suddenly flew down from a tall tower.

This man wore gorgeous light purple clothes, and his jade-like face was extremely handsome. His expression was proud, giving others a feeling of superiority.

"This guy also broke through the Peak Divine Lord. He looks so young!" Chen Xiang was shocked in his heart: "What is he trying to do? Could it be coming for me? "

The man could have flown over quickly, but he deliberately glided over very slowly. Chen Xiang was also on guard at this moment, preventing the man from suddenly attacking him.

The battle on the stage was extremely intense, and the man from Undead Divine Race had suddenly descended, interrupting the two people’s fight!

"All of you are just like that. Hurry up and die. This is too unsightly of a beating!" The arrogant man coldly snorted. He waved his hand and shot out two rays of light, which struck the two men who were fighting just now.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

Two loud explosions sounded out at the same time. Two strong men were killed just like that. This made the surrounding people gulp down their saliva. They were worried that they would encounter such a situation as well!

"I told you guys to come here and fight, not to watch you guys play games! Beautiful, or else you will end up like them. If you play well, I guarantee that you will have a good time in the future. " The man said.

Chen Xiang looked through the memories he had devoured and found that this man’s identity was not ordinary. In the Natural Law Divine Realm, he was the chief patriarch’s son and his strength was also very strong.

Originally, he only sent two batches over, but this little boy insisted on coming over to play, so he came. Moreover, he brought a batch of friends along, no wonder the other two batches were destroyed.

The patriarch’s son was called Sun Ding, and was a young Ranker who was rather famous in the Natural Law Divine Realm.

"Who’s next?" Sun Ding looked at the crowd, his face was gloomy, because no one listened to him.

No one wanted to go up. If they didn’t fight well, there was only death. But there was nothing they could do. They were too weak. They couldn’t defeat the demons that suddenly appeared!

Chen Xiang thought for a while, then said: "How can I consider her pretty?"

Hearing Chen Xiang’s voice, everyone immediately looked over, and then all of them left him, actually daring to ask such a reckless question!

Chen Xiang found it funny. These people were previously the outstanding disciples of the Green Brilliant Sky Mountain. They usually acted tyrannically, but now they didn’t even dare to fart.

Sun Ding frowned, and said to Chen Xiang coldly: "Come up!"

Everyone was sure, Chen Xiang would definitely die if they went up!

Chen Xiang walked up with a fearless face. He looked like he had a lot of guts!

"If I tell you to come up, then come up! Are you not afraid of me? Do you want to fight me? " Sun Ding asked. Looking at Chen Xiang’s fearless expression, he was a little angry in his heart.

He felt that these weak humans should be scared to death of him. If there was someone who was not afraid of him, he would feel that he had been underestimated!

At this moment, his friends all flew down from the other towers and arrived beside the fighting stage.

"Sun Ding, show us your hand right now and see what it means to fight beautifully!" A beautiful woman giggled.

"That’s right, we can see that it’s not very fun, so give them some pointers so they can have a good fight!" A man holding this fan laughed.

These were all Sun Ding’s friends, and after that, a few men followed and shouted for Sun Ding to show them their skills.

"I would like to, but the people here are all too weak. Not to mention using a few moves, I don’t even need to use half a hand, yet they are all dead." Sun Ding chuckled: "If you guys don’t believe me, you can come up and try!"

As she said that, a beautiful woman jumped onto the stage. Her beautiful eyes scanned across the crowd as she called for a strong man.

"This one looks pretty strong!" The choice of one by this beautiful woman was not enough, and she continued to call for more people, all of whom looked stronger.

"I’ll teach you how to play well now." The beautiful woman chuckled, "Attack!"

Chen Xiang was standing at the side, while that Sun Ding also retreated to the side, laughing merrily as he watched.

"Why aren’t you going up? Do you want to die? " Seeing that the few big men did not go forward, Sun Ding shouted.

The few men from the Green Brilliance Heavenly Mountain could only rush over. However, just as they took a few steps, the beautiful woman did something strange. With a few light waves of her lily-white hands, the men’s chests suddenly split open.

"Break!" The beautiful woman giggled. Those hearts had all shattered, creating a bloody mist that made everyone’s scalps go numb.

"Beautiful, beautiful!" Sun Ding immediately clapped his hands and laughed, while the other noble disciples of the Undead Divine Race also followed and applauded.

"Kid, now do you know how to hit her?" Sun Ding looked at Chen Xiang.

"I don’t know, I don’t think there’s any sense of beauty at all!" Chen Xiang said straightforwardly: "On the other hand, this lady has a pretty good appearance, it’s just that her breasts are a little small, and her buttocks aren’t perky enough, only her face is fine! If you think that those broken hearts are also called pretty, are you saying that this girl’s face is as pretty as those broken hearts? "

Sun Ding was stunned, the beautiful woman was also stunned. Her Undead Divine Race s were also stunned, the disciples of the Green Brilliant Sky Mountain were like stone statues. They had never imagined that their own Green Brilliant Sky Mountain would have such a person, who dared to be so reckless.

"Lady, do you think I’m right?" Chen Xiang looked at the beautiful woman and laughed.