Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Sun Ding was furious, there was actually someone who dared to bicker with him, and was even trying to talk him into the pit.

"Sun Ding, let me tell you, they are called Beautiful!" That beautiful woman was also very angry. Women hated it when people said that her figure was not good. Furthermore, she had said it in front of so many people.

At this moment, everyone could feel the rage of that beautiful woman. They had no idea what kind of power she was capable of causing such terror in the hearts of others.

Sun Ding pushed Chen Xiang to the center of the stage. There were a few corpses and hearts that were broken all over the place, it was extremely bloody, but Chen Xiang was calmly standing in the middle!

"Come here!" The beautiful woman coldly snorted.

Chen Xiang did not fly over, rather, he walked over step by step. When he took his first step, Xu Youqing had already released the power of the curse!

The beautiful woman originally wanted to attack Chen Xiang, but she didn’t know why she wasn’t able to circulate the Divine Sense Sea’s energy. Instead, she didn’t say it out loud.

When she had attempted it a few times, Chen Xiang had already arrived in front of her. Sun Ding was currently looking at her with a faint smile, and thought that the beautiful woman had intentionally allowed Chen Xiang to walk over before killing him with her own hands, in order to make him feel more appreciative.

Chen Xiang walked over, but the beautiful woman still did not make a move. She was startled, and just as she was about to speak, her throat was blocked, and then her body became ice-cold. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

In the blink of an eye, the beautiful woman turned into an ice sculpture! This was all caused by Xu Youqing using the power of the curse, and the beautiful woman was only in the Peak Divine Lord realm, so it was relatively easy for Xu Youqing to deal with her.

Seeing that the beautiful woman had turned into an ice sculpture, Sun Ding felt that something was wrong, because this beautiful woman had never used such a method before!

Just at this moment, Chen Xiang’s fist smashed over, exploding out with Meteor immortal power, smashing onto the ice sculpture!

The ice sculpture immediately shattered, turning into pieces of ice crystal that floated away. Under the sunlight, the ice sculpture glittered and looked extremely beautiful.

"This is the beauty in my heart, thank you for your cooperation!" Chen Xiang said indifferently.

Looking at the crystal clear ice crystal that had dodged, Sun Ding was stunned, he also felt that the beautiful woman’s life force had completely disappeared!

"You ... You actually killed her! " Sun Ding roared, killing intent surged out from his body. He immediately rushed towards Chen Xiang, but before Chen Xiang could say anything, he stopped.

"Isn’t this what you want?" Chen Xiang smiled faintly.

Sun Ding was unable to move at the moment, he did not know what was wrong with his body, and was suddenly restrained by a strange power.

"Curse..." Sun Ding was shocked. "Who are you!?"

"Rest assured, I will let you die a beautiful death!" As soon as Chen Xiang finished speaking, he threw a fist out and it struck the bridge of Sun Ding’s nose, producing an explosive sound. The entire Contest Ring was struck into pieces by the power of the punch.

Sun Ding was stuck on the ground, unable to move at all. Now that he had been punched by Chen Xiang, his nose had caved in, and he still couldn’t fly out!

"Ahh ..." Sun Ding screamed in pain. He wanted to use his hands to cover his bleeding nose, but his hands refused to obey.

"Pah!" Chen Xiang moved closer with another slap, and another wave of berserk vibrating force charged over. The bones on Sun Ding’s face could not be shaken to the point of breaking, and even half of it had been deformed.

"Pah!"

Chen Xiang slapped Sun Ding’s other face again and again. Sun Ding had changed his face completely, and continued to moan and shout.

The other stronger male Undead Divine Race s all wanted to come up, but they could not move because they were stopped by Xu Youqing’s Body Securing Curse!

"Hurry up, I will use the Body Lock Curse on many people at the same time. I won’t be able to maintain my strength for long." Xu Youqing urged Chen Xiang.

"Look at you, isn’t this beautiful enough? I promised you that I would make you die a beautiful and beautiful death! " Chen Xiang took out a mirror and placed it in front of Sun Ding.

When Sun Ding saw the terrible look on that handsome face, he was so angry that he spat out a mouthful of blood, which splashed on the mirror and made him look even more sinister.

"I won’t let you go ..."

"You don’t have that chance!" Chen Xiang took out Chuangshi god furnace and injected a vast amount of divine power into it, causing a raging fire to burn inside the Chuangshi god furnace. Then, he enveloped Sun Ding’s body and stored him inside.

Just now, Sun Ding had let out a blood-curdling scream that reverberated in the surroundings, causing everyone’s scalps to go numb!

Chen Xiang then teleported to the other Undead Divine Race s, sending them inside the Chuangshi god furnace, using fire to burn them to death!

The strongest from the Undead Divine Race had been exterminated, Chen Xiang released his Space Domain, covering the entire Green Brilliant Sky Mountain, and searched for other Undead Divine Race!

Chen Xiang did not have the slightest bit of mercy towards these Undead Divine Race. They had already caused many deaths here, and he had seen them on the way here.

If the Undead Divine Race did not destroy their souls, they could still be reborn, so Chen Xiang kept them in the Chuangshi god furnace s, and burned their bodies and divine soul!

Not long after, all the Undead Divine Race s that came from the Natural Law Divine Realm were completely exterminated by Chen Xiang. Green Brilliant Sky Star no longer needed to be controlled by those demons, and could return back to its original state.

When Chen Xiang returned to the Everlasting Mountain, the buildings above the Everlasting Mountain were also repaired by the disciples, so it could finally be peaceful for a while.

"I don’t know when they’ll come back, but the next time they’ll come, they’ll definitely be even stronger." Chen Xiang said.

"So what do we do now? That what Natural Law Divine Realm is certainly very strong. " Wu Zhi said.

"I don’t know what to do for now, but I will think about it!" Elder Dai, bring me to the seal. " Chen Xiang said.

Right now, only Dai Donggong had a way to enter the seal below the Everlasting Mountain.

Dai Donggong brought Chen Xiang to the sealed stone room. Looking at the seal, Chen Xiang said, "If I can communicate with the Ground-suppressing immortal elephant, then it will be after."

Right now, Chen Xiang was also at a loss, not knowing how to react to what would happen next.

Dai Donggong left the stone room, leaving Chen Xiang here alone.

Chen Xiang sat beside the seal and then focused on the Ground-suppressing immortal elephant inside his second Divine Sense Sea. He wanted to use this method to communicate with the Ground-suppressing immortal elephant.

"Are you the human who previously made me contact Ren Xin?" Suddenly, a voice rang out. It sounded like it came from a benevolent old granny.

"That’s right, Senior, could you be Ren Xin’s mother?" Chen Xiang was overjoyed and immediately asked, thinking that it was very possible that this was the Ground-suppressing immortal elephant.

"That’s right, you are beside the seal? I feel that you are so close to me now! " The Ground-suppressing immortal elephant asked.

There was a way to contact the Ground-suppressing immortal elephant, Chen Xiang had a lot of questions for her already.

"Yes, I am beside the seal!" I just forced back three batches of Undead Divine Race s from Natural Law Divine Realm, but they will come back. Junior does not know what to do next. " Chen Xiang said.