Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"Don’t worry about that. The energy of the formation isn’t a difficult thing." This idea was come from Ren Xin’s mother. He felt that Ren Xin would definitely let him use that Time Formation in the heart of the earth.

Liu Meng’er said: "We previously refined two sets of Time Formation, and you also copied one of them." T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"Are these three sets of Time Formation all enough?" Chen Xiang thought for a while, then said: "If I use these three sets of Time Formation, then I will be in the Time Formation for tens of thousands of years, and only a moment will pass outside."

Xue Xianxian laughed: "Of course we know, so we will refine another three sets of Time Formation that are the opposite of this one. That is, the moment you enter the array, it will take you tens of thousands of years to reach the outside.

Chen Xiang understood that as he kept going back and forth between the left and right, he was constantly performing a high intensity reversal. This way, he would need a very strong energy and at the same time, be able to unleash a very strong power of time.

"Refining the array disc is very fast. Right now, we have quite a few array discs’ materials, we just need to engrave them into the Spirit grain. You really have to promise that you can do it from the bottom of your heart." Liu Meng’er asked.

"I’m going to take a look at the earth’s core right now. You guys can get busy." Chen Xiang kissed the faces of the few women before heading to the core of the earth.

Last time, Chen Xiang had been to a place near the heart of the earth, where he had found the mechanism for controlling the Great Heavenly Star Formation.

Now, he teleported into the hot, steaming passage and released his powerful aura so that Ren Xin, who was in the middle of the ground, could feel it.

Not long after, he could sense Ren Xin’s Qi, the Qi of this Dragon kylin was very recognizable.

Ren Xin came very quickly. He recognized Chen Xiang’s aura and was a little surprised in his heart. The last time he met Chen Xiang, Chen Xiang was still very weak, but now he was much stronger.

Ren Xin was still very friendly towards Chen Xiang, because Chen Xiang told him to contact his mother, otherwise he would have lost himself and be controlled by the Evil Spirit Race.

"Brother Ren." When Chen Xiang saw Ren Xin, he laughed and shouted.

"What did you come find me for? I’m cultivating in seclusion." Ren Xin said, if not for Chen Xiang, he would not have come out.

"The important thing is that I managed to contact your mother under the seal in Everlasting Mountain." Chen Xiang said.

Ren Xin immediately became excited, because this matter was related to his mother.

After that, Chen Xiang and Ren Xin sat on the ground. Chen Xiang explained these natural affairs of his and told Ren Xin the method the Ground-suppressing immortal elephant told him.

"Right now, you just want to use the powerful energy in the earth’s core to try it out." Ren Xin asked.

"Yes, I’m afraid I won’t be able to handle such a consumption of the Earth’s Core of the other Heavenly Stars, but this Heavenly Star is not a problem." Chen Xiang nodded.

Ren Xin was the Earthly beast here, if he wanted to try it here, he needed his consent.

"This is not a problem. If it was the past, I would definitely reject you because this requires my Earth’s Core Divine Spirit’s consent. But now, my Earth’s Core Divine Spirit has also disappeared." Ren Xin sighed: "Seems like he has abandoned us and returned to the Big Chaotic Times."

Chen Xiang laughed: "We will be able to return very soon. At that time, we don’t need to face the crazy Evil Spirit Race and Undead Divine Race."

Chen Xiang didn’t know how powerful the Evil Spirit Race and the Evil Spirit Race above the Natural Law Divine Realm were, but he could tell from how the various races of the Natural Law Divine Realm were hiding. Even if the various races of the Natural Law Divine Realm were to join forces, they would still be unable to change the situation.

It was none of their business to let the people of this era fend for themselves, even if all of them were killed.

It was precisely because of this that the Ground-suppressing immortal elephant was so angry, giving Chen Xiang such an idea. If Chen Xiang succeeded, then she would also succeed in her revenge.

"Alright, you can come here when you need it. I’ll take you to the depths of the earth to absorb energy." Ren Xin had already agreed, which allowed him to feel more at ease.

As long as Xue Xianxian and the others concocted an array disc, he could give it a try.

When Chen Xiang returned to the surface, he was not idle right now. He was condensing those purple pearls in the Hundreds of Flowers Village and he had Yue’er and Long Xueyi to plant those Spirit seed in the ring.

If he wanted to step into the Heavenly Dao Realm, he would need to cultivate in a Dao Body. This was also very difficult, and he needed his second Divine Sense Sea s to condense their Bones.

"I really didn’t expect it to become so fast. I even thought I could live a carefree and carefree life in this world just because I cultivated to such a powerful level." Long Xueyi complained.

"You don’t have to work hard to cultivate. Why are you sighing?" Chen Xiang laughed, Long Xueyi’s cultivation method was to eat and sleep, and it was the same for now.

"But it still takes time." Long Xueyi was learning to grow Spirit seed from Yue’er in the Serene Jade Ring.

... ....

Chen Xiang had only waited for a few days before Liu Meng’er and the others managed to refine three sets of array discs, and even taught him how to use them.

"Yue Er, Xue Yi, both of you come out. I’m worried that it will affect you." Chen Xiang said. Long Xueyi and Yue’er both understood that Chen Xiang was worried that something might happen to them.

After Xue Xianxian instructed Liu Meng’er and the others, Chen Xiang finally left the Hundreds of Flowers Village and proceeded towards the heart of the earth of this great star.

Just like last time, he used the same method to contact Ren Xin, who arrived quickly and brought him into the core of the earth under the fire essence.

Along the way, with Ren Xin’s power clearing the way, the fire essence would automatically avoid him, so Chen Xiang did not feel too hot either. He never thought that the power of this big heavenly star would be so much stronger than what he imagined.

Chen Xiang followed Ren Xin, and very soon they were at the center of the earth’s core. In front of them was a huge round black rock, like a huge mountain, with a hole at the top, where Ren Xin lived.

Ren Xin brought Chen Xiang into the cave and arrived at an extremely hot stone room.

"Here, you can easily absorb the energy of the earth’s core. I wish you success." Ren Xin patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder. If Chen Xiang succeeded, his parents would not need to continue staying in the Heavenly Law Hell.

"I’ll do my best." Chen Xiang said: "Brother Ren, if the guy from Natural Law Divine Realm comes, when the time comes, can you use some strength to stop them for a while?"

"I will." Ren Xin nodded, he left the stone room that was filled with red light and closed the stone door.

Chen Xiang took out many array discs and placed them around him. Some of them overlapped each other, forming a huge circle.

If we succeed, then the two eras will overlap and the creatures of both eras can coexist. However, the world of our era was formed later on. The time in the Primal Chaos Wilderness is different from now, so it might just be the time of the creatures of our era. Chen Xiang said. Right now, he was only guessing, he did not know the specifics, only success would allow him to know.