Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang activated the large formation formed by all the array discs. Outside the stone room, Ren Xin immediately sensed a large amount of energy frantically rushing into the stone room that Chen Xiang was in from the earth core. He was also shocked by one of them, he did not think that the energy consumption would be this much.

, who was inside the Time Formation, naturally did not know that he was currently in a very special time and space. The time he was in could be said to have progressed the same as outside, but the time he was in was different.

Chen Xiang closed his eyes and tried to sense the time power inside. If he wanted to connect this era with the Big Chaotic Times, he had to first touch upon the laws of time before he could proceed with his understanding of the laws of time.

This was also the hardest part, and could be said to be impossible. When the Ground-suppressing immortal elephant told her about this method, she had said that it was very difficult to achieve.

After a day had passed, Chen Xiang did not gain much, but his formation used up a great deal of energy from the Earth’s Core.

"If it goes on like this, he won’t last for more than a year. I hope he can be faster. If he succeeds, then this heavenly star’s death is also worth it." Then, he left the earth’s core and came to the top of the Great Heavenly Star.

He had promised Chen Xiang that he would protect this place well, and Chen Xiang had told him that there were many of his friends and relatives there.

Days passed, and in the blink of an eye, a month had passed.

During this month, all the creatures on top of the Great Celestial Star could feel that the divine spirit aura on this planet wasn’t as dense as before and was currently descending.

Only a small portion of people knew about the matter that Chen Xiang had created in the heart of the earth.

Xu Youqing was watching Xue Xianxian and the others refine array discs. They were also refining Transmission array s now, refining protective formations and killing formations.

If Chen Xiang succeeded, they would go to the Big Chaotic Times. They did not know what was scary about that era, but they would have to prepare to face it.

Suddenly, a terrifying aura surged over. Xu Youqing was startled, and his expression became serious: "They are here, Natural Law Divine Realm and Evil Spirit Race."

Xu Youqing had followed Chen Xiang to kill those three batches of Undead Divine Race before, so she was very familiar with this Qi, and the other Qi was from the Evil Spirit Race.

"All of you, activate the protective array formation. I’ll go take a look." After Xu Youqing finished speaking, he disappeared in the blink of an eye.

"You Qing, you have to be careful." Xu Youqing shouted to the sky. Xu Youqing was also Chen Xiang’s beloved woman, if something were to happen to her, Chen Xiang would definitely be very sad.

... ....

When Xu Youqing arrived high up in the sky, he saw a large group of people up above who were using a very strong power to attack the Grand Celestial Star Formation.

After being improved by Liu Meng’er and the others, this large formation became even more powerful. After all, it was maintained by the power of the Core of the Earth, and it had a very strong defensive power.

But now, he was facing Natural Law Divine Realm Ranked Rankers.

Xu Youqing saw Ren Xin.

"Is it Elder Brother Ren?" Xu Youqing asked.

"Yes, you are Chen Xiang’s wife, right?" Ren Xin nodded his head, "It’s best that you head down since this place is dangerous. They will be able to breach it soon."

"About how long will it take?" Xu Youqing asked anxiously.

"Three days at the fastest." Ren Xin said: "All of you, prepare to escape, it looks like this group of fellows discovered this big heavenly star. This time, they did not go to other heavenly stars, nor did they go to Everlasting Mountain."

"Should I call out Chen Xiang?" Xu Youqing knew that Ren Xin’s strength was related to his Dao Body. He was an existence who had already stepped into the first level of the Heavenly Dao Realm, the Dao Ti realm.

"Calling him out is useless. If the formation is broken, I can hold on for a while longer and let you guys escape." Ren Xin said, he had already made his decision.

Xu Youqing looked at the group of people who were continuously attacking the large array in the sky and sighed in her heart. Returning to the Hundreds of Flowers Village, she still had some time, and only hoped that Chen Xiang could succeed.

... ....

More than ten days after Chen Xiang had entered the Time Formation, he was immersed in an extremely peculiar state. It was as if he had returned to his childhood, and for some reason, he felt as if he had experienced the things that happened before himself, as though he had returned to the past.

"No, I’ve experienced this before." Chen Xiang suddenly woke up from his stupor and then appeared in a vast expanse of white space. There were many wheels inside, and when these wheels revolved, there were many scenes that appeared, and all of them had profound Spirit grain s on them.

"These wheels represent an era, pushing and turning one after another." Chen Xiang carefully observed the tens of thousands of wheels. He could see that many of the times were already past, he could even see the times when the Nine Divine Kings created the Nine Heaven World and the times when the Heavenly Divine Lord fell.

"The largest wheel should be from the first era, after the Primal Chaos Wilderness, and finally, the era we are in." Chen Xiang walked over and touched the giant wheel that was last in line.

This wheel was thirty thousand meters high. Just by touching it, Chen Xiang had lost a large amount of his power, leaving behind only a little.

"It seems like I’m already in the Law of Time. If I want to change the Laws, then the amount of energy I’ll need will increase." Chen Xiang exclaimed, then consumed a divine pellet to recover his energy.

"Big Chaotic Times is an initial era, and it cannot be destroyed. If we were to destroy the other time cycles here, leaving behind only those of our era, then we would be very close to Big Chaotic Times." Chen Xiang looked at the other wheels, then took out the Chuangshi god furnace.

"I hope it works." Chen Xiang released flames from the Chuangshi god furnace, burning the other wheel but to no avail.

"In the end, it’s because my strength isn’t enough." Chen Xiang closed his eyes and felt the energy from the earth’s core outside. After sensing it, he started to absorb it.

At this time, he also felt that the flames inside the Chuangshi god furnace had become very fierce. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

A ball of flame landed on the wheel, and it instantly started burning.

"There’s hope, as long as we can keep the last wheel." Chen Xiang was not worried, since the wheel had already passed, he burned it to prevent the Undead Divine Race and the Evil Spirit Race from hiding in other times.

As long as all the experiences they had passed through were destroyed, they would have nowhere to go. Everyone would have to stay in the Big Chaotic Times.

Very quickly, Chen Xiang burned the other wheel, leaving only this one. Although there were no other wheels, it was still spinning.

"What’s going on? I’m still within the Time Laws, could it be that I haven’t succeeded yet?" Chen Xiang looked around.

He thought for a moment, stared at the last wheel, frowned, and said, "Don’t tell me we have to destroy this wheel. He thought for a moment, stared at the last wheel, and frowned, and said," Don’t tell me we have to destroy this wheel.

"These revolvers are just the timeline. Even if they are destroyed, the world we live in will not be affected much. It’s just that time has returned to the starting point, and the starting point is the Big Chaotic Times."

When Chen Xiang thought here, he was shocked: "The Big Chaotic Times has always existed, because the Primal Chaos does not have the Time Laws.

"Destroy." Chen Xiang destroyed the last wheel, causing the area around them to become twisted: "Success, we are about to reach the Big Chaotic Times, this is the true era, the era we were in previously is just an unintentionally born Heavenly Dao."