Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

After Chen Xiang destroyed the last gigantic wheel of the Time Laws, the space around him started to distort.

"If there are mountains outside, then the environment we are in has changed." Chen Xiang stood in place, not daring to move. He was certain that the Time Laws had already been destroyed.

Of course, he would still be able to reincarnate in the future. As for what was going on, Chen Xiang was not too concerned about it right now.

Ren Xin floated in the air and was currently staring at the Undead Divine Race and Evil Spirit Race in the sky. Suddenly, he felt a strong energy fluctuation.

"Chen Xiang succeeded." Ren Xin opened his eyes wide. If he succeeded, the place they were in would definitely undergo a large change as well. This was because the era they lived in would regress to the Big Chaotic Times and the Big Chaotic Times would definitely be different from the current one.

On the Everlasting Mountain, Wu Zhi, Dai Donggong and the Huang Jintian brothers were all stern at the moment, the space around them had started to distort, they knew that Chen Xiang had already started moving, as for whether or not he would succeed, they could only continue to wait.

"Little Scoundrel succeeded." Long Xueyi shouted in shock. She was currently together with Leng Youlan, and although they were holding hands tightly, they couldn’t see each other. At this moment, everyone seemed to be in a separate space.

"Can you all hear me?" Lv Qilian shouted. She had sent a sound transmission to the girls just now, but none of them heard it.

The reason why such a fluctuation appeared was because the space between the two eras was currently fusing. This fusion was very strange, yet it did not harm life.

"Yes, we are all fine." Feng Yujie said.

At this moment, they were both holding hands. If the two eras merged, they would be able to take care of each other.

Xu Dazhong, who was walking around on top of the Purple Yuan Sect, had experienced something similar with no one knew what.

... ....

"What’s going on, did they use some powerful technique?" An elder of the Evil Spirit Race shouted.

"The space is undergoing a great change. I don’t know what’s going on, could it be that they want to send us somewhere?" Someone answered.

At this point of time, no one dared to leave, and Four Divine Races on the Great Heavenly Star Realm had long known that something like this was going to happen. Chen Xiang had told Lv Qilian to tell them beforehand so that they could prepare their hearts.

Chen Xiang only knew that the two eras were fusing, but he wasn’t sure if he would succeed in the end. After all, this was his first time doing something like this, and he had to feel for rocks to cross rivers to succeed.

Not knowing how much time had passed, Chen Xiang realized that his surroundings had started to clear up, and an extremely light and spirited fragrance assaulted his nostrils. For some reason, this made him, who was originally exhausted, become energetic.

"This is the Primordial Wilderness." Chen Xiang looked around him. He was in a forest filled with towering trees that reached the sky.

"Sister Qilian." Chen Xiang immediately took out his Communication jade Symbol paper and sent a message to Lv Qilian, but there was no response.

"The spatial laws have changed. These Communication jade Symbol paper were all refined using the spatial laws of that era, so they are now useless." Chen Xiang used the power of the spatial laws to teleport. He felt that he could teleport to a high altitude, but didn’t expect that he was only ten meters away from the ground. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"The spatial strength has also increased a lot. This Big Chaotic Times is really strong in all aspects." Chen Xiang could not feel the familiar Divine Spirit Qi, but whether or not this was a breeze, it contained a very pure energy.

"We have to find them quickly." Chen Xiang used his spatial energy to teleport high up in the sky. He saw a large group of people in the air.

"These people are ..." When Chen Xiang saw the large group of people rushing towards Ren Xin, he immediately understood that they were no longer on the Great Heavenly Star Realm. Otherwise, the array protecting the Great Heavenly Star would not have disappeared.

After the two eras merged, they also arrived at a new world, the world where the Big Chaotic Times resided.

Legend has it that the Big Chaotic Times was a very large world. In the end, it exploded and split apart, forming many large and small worlds.

In other words, this Big Chaotic Times was even bigger than the entire Star Law Divine Realm.

It had to be known that there were countless stars in the Star Law Divine Realm. If all of them were added up, it would be extremely huge.

"Brother Ren, come here." Chen Xiang used a teleportation technique to teleport Ren Xin over, and then teleported away.

If it was the past, he would easily be able to use such a skill. But now, he felt that he had exhausted over half of his divine power, this Big Chaotic Times’s World Space was simply too strong.

"I succeeded." Chen Xiang brought Ren Xin to a big tree and entered the cave.

"I wonder how my parents are doing right now." Ren Xin sighed: "I hope we can see them quickly."

"They are very, very far away from us ... This Big Chaotic Times is the one that the Star Law Divine Realm and many other worlds fused together, our position on the Great Heavenly Star, and they are in the Wang Ancient Heavenly Star. We can’t use the Transmission array either, so it should be rather difficult to find them. " Chen Xiang said: "But this is good too, at least they don’t have to face those fellows right now."

Chen Xiang had made the Hundreds of Flowers Village prepare beforehand. They all had a lot of powerful array discs, if they were to meet the attacks of the Evil Spirit Race, they could at least block them for a while.

"Then what should we do now?" Ren Xin asked. Although he had decent strength, they were too weak in the face of the Evil Spirit Race.

"If we can’t beat them, we can only hide." Chen Xiang said: "Now that there isn’t any of them left, you shouldn’t be able to go to the core of the earth ... But maybe you can try and see if you can contact Earth’s Core Divine Spirit. "

"I will go now." Ren Xin nodded.

Soon after, Chen Xiang brought Ren Xin and sprinted towards the location of the Nine Heaven School in the huge ancient forest.

Although he had returned to the Big Chaotic Times, Chen Xiang, based on his previous memories, found the Nine Heaven School.

The structure of the Nine Heaven School was still there, but there were still many huge trees inside, and the Great Heavenly Star was actually a large forest in the Big Chaotic Times.

At this time, Chen Xiang did not know where Undead Divine Race and his son had gone to. He was only concerned about the safety of the Hundreds of Flowers Village.

After four hours had passed, Chen Xiang was frantically running. He never thought that just four hours of travelling would take more than half of his divine power.

If it was the past, he would have reached Hundreds of Flowers Village from Nine Heaven School in a blink of an eye. But now, he could not, the distance he had to teleport was always limited.