Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang now understood that those people were all queuing up, about two hundred people or so.

"Why are you testing the pills?" Chen Xiang asked.

The old man’s eyes were sharp, he could tell that Chen Xiang did not understand much about this matter, and was a kid that had just left the mountain.

"The main reason is that after Alchemist refined the pill, he was not clear about the use of his own pill, which was why he invited many people to try eating it, and then analyzed the effects to improve his pill formula! In the past few years, many people have died. " The old man said. The Fiction: The Fastest New Sections of the Fiction

Chen Xiang originally wanted to queue up and give it a try, but after hearing this, he felt that it was better to forget about it.

"Old sir, I want to buy some pills. It has to be helpful in raising your strength. " Chen Xiang said: "It’s best if it is cheaper, I do not have many Jade money."

"Alright, come with me!" The old man brought Chen Xiang to a counter and took out a small jade bottle from inside, "Little brother, I think you have not cultivated a Dao Body yet, right? Are you lacking Divine Deity or is it? is it the Divine Deity of the second Divine Sense Sea, or the first Divine Sense Sea? "

When Chen Xiang heard the old man’s words, the cultivation system here was exactly the same as what he knew.

"Second Divine Sense Sea’s, Bones!" Chen Xiang said. Each of the six Beast statue in the Second Divine Sense Sea required ten Bones in order for him to condense the Dao Body.

"I knew it! Eating this pill will make you lose the most, this pill is called Yaoge Dan, it’s Bones is shining ... ... " The old man took out a black pellet from the jade bottle and said: "If you have not condensed Bones in the second Divine Sense Sea, you only need to eat one and you can condense one Bones! The second required ten pills, and the third one, a hundred pills ... This kind of medicinal pellet will at most allow you to condense nine of these Bones. "

"Then how much is it?" Chen Xiang asked, he could not figure out what kind of medicine the Yaoge Dan was refined with.

"One hundred Jade money pills!" The old man said.

"It’s too expensive!" Chen Xiang had no concept of price, he was only cutting prices out of habit.

"Since this is your first time buying a pill, I’ll sell it to you for eighty!" The old man said again.

"Then I’ll try buying one first!" Chen Xiang gave a set of Jade money s with a hundred to the old man, who gave him back 20.

After taking the pellet, Chen Xiang walked out of the Fire Tao Divine Place and ate it next to a mountain in the outer sect.

"Hmm? This medicinal power was very similar to the Bone level Dan ... "But there’s something more ..." Chen Xiang sensed a very familiar smell from within the medicinal power.

"Bone level fruit!" Chen Xiang was shocked: "There is a little bit of the Bone level fruit here, could it be that it was refined using the Bone level Dan’s divine medicine and the Bone level fruit?"

From that medicinal power, he did not feel much of the Bone level fruit’s medicinal power. It should be because he had added too little, but the Bone level Dan had a lot of medicinal power.

"No wonder it’s black. So there’s a Bone level fruit here." Chen Xiang continued to refine the medicinal power, and channeled the power of the medicine into the second Divine Sense Sea, into the second Divine Sense Sea’s green dragon.

The six Beast statue in the second Divine Sense Sea already had powerful flesh and divine soul, so they only needed to cultivate Bones!

After eating that piece of Yaoge Dan, Chen Xiang unknowingly fell asleep during the refining process. When he woke up, he felt a lingering fear, he never thought that after the Yaoge Dan ate it, it would actually be the same as the Bone level fruit’s process of condensing its Bones, condensing its Bones in a comfortable and deep sleep. Furthermore, he was in the wilderness, so fortunately, there was no one around.

He had condensed a Bones inside the Azure Dragon’s body!

"I wonder what grade of divine pill that is." Although Chen Xiang ate one pellet, he did not manage to test it out. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

The feeling the Yaoge Dan gave Chen Xiang was very strong, to think that it would let him, the second Divine Sense Sea, condense his Bones so easily!

"I don’t know if my Heavenly Alchemy is useful here, but it seems like I have to find a set of pills." Chen Xiang said, "I have long heard that the ancient pill formulas are the most haughty. Because of the passage of time, disasters frequently erupt, causing many haode pill formulas to be lost."

"If that’s the case, this Big Chaotic Times should be at the peak of his alchemy culture." Chen Xiang was secretly excited. This would allow his alchemy level to improve even more.

Chen Xiang then proceeded to the Fire Tao Divine Place, and strolled around inside it. The entire area of the Fire Tao Divine Place was huge, if he wanted to visit all of them, he would need at least half a year. If he wanted to reach the most bustling area, he would have to walk for more than ten days.

Of course, there were things like Transmission array s here, it was just that it was very expensive, although Chen Xiang had many Shen Yuan stone, but it was useless here.

"To me, the price of one teleportation for three thousand Jade money is too high." Chen Xiang shook his head. He had found five pill stores in the poor areas outside, all of them were at the same level.

"Looks like I have to walk in. I have to go check out those big shops." Chen Xiang looked at the few medicine stores outside and realized that of the divine pills he had refined, only the Three lotus Dan and the Heavenly Life Divine Pill had a market.

Of course, if they were to sell it here, it wouldn’t be called a divine pill.

"The Nine Bone Divine Pill should be easy to sell, but I don’t know how effective it is compared to the Yaoge Dan, I have to find someone to test it on!"

Now Chen Xiang finally understood why he had to invite someone to try out the pill. He needed to find out the effects of a pill, but he was unable to do so with his current abilities.

He walked very quickly through the night. It took him several days to reach the bustling area. The buildings here were all at least ten storeys high and at most twenty or thirty storeys high. All of them were decorated very extravagantly.

"This should be the Rich District!" Chen Xiang lamented. All the people walking on the road were dressed much better than the area outside.

On the way here, Chen Xiang had changed into something that looked more similar, just that it was much worse than those rich people.

"The Baodan Restaurant!" Chen Xiang came to the bottom of a ten story high tower. After seeing the signboard, he walked in.

He didn’t see anyone testing the pills in here. When he was in the area outside, there were many people testing pills in the pill shops.

"Big shops are just different!" The moment Chen Xiang entered the hall, he felt that it was extremely grand and spacious, giving off a very comfortable feeling.

Alchemist was not rare in the Big Chaotic Times, but haode Alchemist s were very rare, so excellent Alchemist s were respected here.

"Younger Brother Shen!"

Chen Xiang was at a counter looking at the pills on the counter, when he suddenly heard someone calling for him.

This man was obviously Yu Yan, and only Yu Yan knew him here.

"Big Brother Yu, you’re here too, what a coincidence!" Chen Xiang laughed bitterly: "I’m finished!"

This was because Chen Xiang had promised to treat Yu Yan to drink all the good wine here when he meets her again. It was only a few days ago, but Chen Xiang had yet to finish researching all the ingredients here.