Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang liked to challenge things that were even more difficult. In the eyes of others, the harder it was to reach, the more he liked to challenge them! Especially this kind of Crash method, if other Alchemist were able to produce as many pills as he did, they would definitely be very satisfied.

However, he was not. In his eyes, this was not the limit. He was very clear about this. In his eyes, there was no limit to refining pills and cultivating.

"This is a Jingshen Dan from the start, what would happen if we were to clash again?" Chen Xiang had never tried it before. In the era of the Star Law Divine Realm, when he was refining the King grade and divine pellet, it was very difficult to use the Crash method.

Now that his strength had increased by a lot, and he even had Chuangshi god furnace, he wanted to give it a try!

"Bang bang!" Chen Xiang controlled the five clumps of medicinal liquid inside the pill furnace to collide with each other at the same time. Previously, he had injected a very powerful force into the pill furnace to push them forward, so at the moment of impact, the Chuangshi god furnace was trembling violently.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" Chen Xiang could not help but cry out in pain, he did not expect that the energy would actually affect his divine soul, causing his head to feel intense pain. Luckily it only lasted for a short period of time, or else he would not be able to control himself.

"It’s fine now!" Chen Xiang looked at the inside of the Chuangshi god furnace, which had turned into many little floating balls of golden mud, floating inside the pill furnace, occupying a lot of space. Although these balls of mud collided with each other, they did not fuse together. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

This meant that these small clumps of mud were repelling each other. This was mainly because the energy within them was inconsistent and needed to be refined so that they could unify and fuse together.

Chen Xiang was very experienced with this. He immediately released a strong flame and burned it, at the same time channeling his energy into many small clumps of mud, making them all equal in quality.

This step required a lot of time, and even after continuing for a few days, Chen Xiang was only halfway done. However, he was very patient with this process, as long as he succeeded, the quality of this pill would be very high, many times better than the ordinary pills.

As for the specific effects, they could only be seen after the refinement process was completed.

More than ten days had passed, Chen Xiang finally managed to fuse all of these small clumps of mud into one!

Although it had been fused, the most difficult part was that the Chuangshi god furnace already had a crystal ball as big as a watermelon!

"This... This is the quality of the Jingshen Dan, if I were to directly smash it into pieces, I would be able to obtain at least a hundred high-grade Heaven-ranked Yaoge Dan, and it would even be merged with a beast’s meat. " Chen Xiang himself was shocked, he felt that the reason it was like this was mainly because it had injected too much of his own strength during the collision.

Of course, this was all because he had too many Life-Killing Divine Deity, so the Life and Death God power was already capable of helping him replicate them. When he had charged into the fray just now, he had injected thirty to forty percent of his Life and Death God power, which was almost half of it.

"It seems that I have to split this bead into ten pieces and compress it ..." Chen Xiang could not imagine what kind of pill it would be once it was compressed to the size of a peanut.

He was also very curious about this. Even though it was very difficult, he had to do it!

After a day had passed, Chen Xiang had finally split the large crystal into ten parts. He used the split refining method inside the Heavenly Alchemy to split the large ball of crystal into ten small beads, and then started to compress it with his powerful divine power.

The compression process was the most difficult because the crystal was already very solid and was the ultimate form of energy. It could be said that there was no space for compression anymore.

"It’s difficult to suppress it..." Chen Xiang tried for a long time, but unexpectedly, there was no progress. The ten pearls were still as big as ever, and did not shrink in any way.

"What should I do?" Chen Xiang stopped. He realized that even if he ignored them now, the ten little pearls would not change at all. If he took them out now, it would be ten very big Jingshen Dan s.

However, he was unwilling. He really wanted to know what it would be like if he continued to compress them!

"Six Realms mirrors!" Chen Xiang immediately thought of the Heavenly artifact, the Six Realms mirrors had many powerful formations.

After he took out the Six Realms mirrors, it became very small and he put it inside the Chuangshi god furnace.

"When that time comes, as long as I control the flame to concentrate on those crystal beads, I won’t burn any more Six Realms mirrors!" Chen Xiang would definitely be very careful, Six Realms mirrors were rare Heavenly artifact, and many times they had helped him in critical moments.

After he was ready, Chen Xiang started again. He controlled a formation inside the Six Realms mirrors to activate, and this formation released a very strong pressure. If he controlled it correctly, it could crush a mountain into grains.

Right now, Chen Xiang was going to turn ten apple sized crystal balls into peanut sized pills.

"It’s starting!" Chen Xiang controlled the Chuangshi god furnace to release a fierce flame and the crystal ball would become softer under the fierce flames.

The Six Realms mirrors activated the formation and released a squeeze of power. Chen Xiang immediately saw that the dozen or so burning red pearls were changing shape, and were being pressured down little by little.

"It’s working!" Chen Xiang was overjoyed, but he was also a little worried. This was because he had exhausted a lot of his energy, and the main reason was that the Six Realms mirrors was frantically absorbing his energy.

It could be seen that the Six Realms mirrors required a lot of energy to maintain the array and release its suppressing power. Otherwise, it would be impossible to suppress the crystal balls.

Right now, Chen Xiang could only endure the battle. He was already in the middle of it, and even if it wasn’t for a reason, he couldn’t stop midway, otherwise the compressed crystal beads would erupt! Once it started to compress a little, the crystal ball would become very unstable and could only continue to compress. Once it let go, the furnace would explode!

Since he had already reached this step, Chen Xiang definitely would not give up. No matter how difficult it was, he had to persevere!

Right now, Chen Xiang felt that time was passing very slowly, as though it was every day of the year.

Ten days had passed, Chen Xiang suddenly let out a long breath, and then laid on the ground. He successfully compressed the ten crystal balls to become as small as a normal pill.

He didn’t go to see how it was. He was already very tired and just wanted to have a good rest.

After lying on the ground for most of the time, Chen Xiang finally recovered. After that, he opened up the Chuangshi god furnace, but there was no aura being emitted from inside, not even the smell of medicine.

"What’s going on? I clearly succeeded! " Chen Xiang thought in his heart, and anxiously took out the ten completed pills.

"What is this?" Chen Xiang looked at the ten transparent little pellets in his hand, inside which a bunch of golden flames were pulsating.