Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang didn’t even have a mark now, he didn’t even know how to comprehend it now. Chu Hongqing’s explanation was extremely vague, and he didn’t really understand the process of comprehending it. Of course, Chu Hongqing himself wasn’t very clear about it, as everyone’s comprehension process was different.

"Hongqing, I don’t even have a single trace of Dao. Am I a Dao Ti realm?" Chen Xiang asked.

However, when you gain enlightenment on a Dao mark, you will be in the first stage of the Dao Ti realm. At that time, you will be able to understand the effects of the Dao mark better. Chu Hongqing said: "Your pill refining skills are so amazing, you must have been taught by your master, didn’t he teach you how to cultivate?"

Chen Xiang shook his head: "I was the one who personally comprehended my pill refining skills, especially in the later stages, although I have a master, but I have long surpassed him, and will only tell me later when I have the chance."

Chu Hongqing laughed tenderly: "Seems like your story is quite interesting. When I have the chance in the future to tell you about it, I will return to the Fire Reverent School first. After the Heaven’s Path party, I can accompany you everyday."

"Alright, do you want to register for the Heavenly Law Auction or something?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Yes, if you wish to participate in the competition at the Heavenly Law Auction, you will have to register. You have decided to participate." Chu Hongqing asked.

"Of course we want to participate. We won’t lose anything, right?" Chen Xiang laughed.

"I won’t lose anything. I’ll help you register and in five days, the pill refining competition will officially begin. As for whether or not it will start that day, I’m not sure. It was all arranged by the Leader." Chu Hongqing said. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Chen Xiang went to participate in the pill refining competition because he wanted to see the standards of the Fire Tao Divine Place and see what kind of pills were available there.

Chu Hongqing left the shop and went into the secret room to close up. He activated the Alive Slain Method and focused on condensing the purple pearls.

"If only Yue Er and Xue Yi were here, they would have helped me cultivate the Spirit seed in the ring. The effect would be even better if they used the Six Realms God Cup together with me." Chen Xiang was already in the Heavenly Dao Realm, if he did not want to participate in the Heavenly Law Auction, he had to go back to look for Lv Qilian and the others.

He came outside to find Yu Yan. He wanted Yu Yan to help him with something, but when he asked around, he found out that Yu Yan and Lv Ying had gone out to hunt savage beasts.

Now that Chen Xiang was this shop’s guest, he asked the old man in charge of the shop and found out where Lv Ying and the others were. Then, he left the city and went to the wilderness.

When he left the city, he had already changed his appearance. Previously, he had defeated so many of the Fang family’s Jade money and even knew how to refine Qiyuan Dan, so it was impossible for the Fang family to not have any thoughts towards him.

"Bright moon mountain. It sounds like a very beautiful mountain. Let’s go and see what it looks like." Chen Xiang heard from the old man in the shop that Yu Yan and Lv Ying had gone to the Bright Moon Mountain.

He was still rather far from Yue Guang Mountain, but Chen Xiang felt that it wasn’t much, the power of space in his body had increased quite a bit, the distance he could teleport to was already much further.

Just as he was about to teleport far away, he suddenly felt a huge change in the surrounding space. At the same time his expression changed, the sky suddenly turned black and the earth trembled.

The surrounding space was warped and warped, Chen Xiang was suppressed by a strong wave of energy to the point that he couldn’t move.

An expert was attacking him.

No matter how much power Chen Xiang used, he could not make himself move, nor could he teleport. The surrounding space was sealed by a strong force.

"Who is it?" Chen Xiang was sure that the person who attacked was very powerful. He immediately used the Dao heart Eye and only saw three red blobs of human figures.

"Evil Spirit Race." He had a better understanding of the Evil Spirit Race now. Previously, when he looked at the invisible Evil Spirit Race with the Dao heart Eye, it was all in this form.

No, this is not Evil Spirit Race. Otherwise, Evil Spirit Race would have killed me long ago. Chen Xiang only felt that he was sealed in a space and his surroundings became extremely dark.

The ground that was shaking violently suddenly split open, and Chen Xiang suddenly dropped into a crack that suddenly appeared. After a moment, the crack closed, and the heaven and earth returned to normal.

"It must be the Fang Clan." Chen Xiang lied on the ground, feeling that he was pressed down by something heavy and was unable to turn around.

If they were to kill him, Chu Hongqing would also die, but Chu Hongqing had a huge background, if they found out that the Fang family had intentionally killed Chen Xiang to kill him, the Fang family would definitely be in great trouble, that was why the Fang family did not kill Chen Xiang, and only sealed him away.

"Kid, if not for the fact that you and Chu Hongqing had Master-servant Contract, you would have died a long time ago." The old voice transmitted into Chen Xiang’s mind.

This was just as he had guessed. It was indeed the Fang family’s doing, and it was a very powerful one at that.

"It doesn’t matter if you win against us two hundred million Jade money, but since you managed to refine a Qiyuan Dan, we have no choice but to seal you up." The old man continued, "Don’t worry, you won’t die. You will be trapped under the earth by us and suppressed by the earth. After a hundred thousand years, you will dissipate."

Chen Xiang was furious, and asked: "Is it the Fire Reverent School Leader who also supports you in attacking the Fang family, the Fang family that does not keep their word, I hope you guys can still do it after 100,000 years, that way I will have the chance to flatten your Fang family."

Back then, Fang Daiqi had promised him that if he could refine a Qiyuan Dan, he would be allowed to sell it himself.

"Don’t you know that Chu Hongqing is a cauldron maintained by Supreme Flame’s Leader, that once Chu Hongqing’s cultivation reaches a certain level, her yin energy will be harvested, and she will be able to help Supreme Flame cultivate his mystical technique? Your mental fortitude is not bad, and actually did not steal Chu Hongqing’s body, but because of that you all will be able to keep your lives. If Chu Hongqing’s body is taken away, we think that she has no value to Fire Sovereign, and you all will die without a doubt."

Chen Xiang scolded in his heart. Huo Zun actually had good intentions towards Chu Hongqing, he had to think of a way to get out of here. He treated Chu Hongqing as his own subordinate and could not let her become a cauldron.

They were experts of the Fang family, and their relationship with the Fire Reverent School Leader was very good as well. Even if Chen Xiang did not leave the shop, they would think of a way to remove and seal Chen Xiang.

"You bunch of bastards, you really look down on me, Chen Xiang." Chen Xiang had never feared someone with a strength that was a thousand times stronger than his.

"The Six Realms mirrors should be able to help me leave, it’s just that the Six Realms’ Power is not enough yet, I can get some from the Divine Sense Sea." The Six Realms mirrors had long been placed in the Divine Sense Sea by Chen Xiang, so as long as Chen Xiang needed it, he could absorb the energy in the Divine Sense Sea at any time.

"I’ll condense some Violet Beads during this period of time. When I get out, the first thing I’ll do is knock down the Fang Clan." Chen Xiang planned in his heart.

The Fang family was most afraid that his status as a Qiyuan Dan would be threatened. If he refined a large amount of Qiyuan Dan, it would definitely cause a great deal of damage to the Fang family.