Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chu Hongqing could now be considered to have completely seen through Supreme Flame. If she did not still have use for him, then maybe he would have already been killed.

"First let me go out and change those jade plates into Jade money s. They’ll be ready soon." Chu Hongqing said: "The native bank has already opened."

Chen Xiang nodded, then returned onto the carriage, allowing Chu Hongqing to come out.

Very quickly, Chu Hongqing was able to exchange the Jade money s from the native bank. After she returned to the carriage, she passed 200 million Jade money to Chen Xiang.

"There are at least ten guys following you." Chen Xiang whispered to her.

"Only five out of ten." Chu Hongqing said, she naturally knew that it was Leader Huo Zun who had sent her to monitor her.

Chen Xiang told her to enter the ring and teleported to the inn. The carriage was already empty.

"Are you still going to participate in the Heavenly Law Auction?" Chu Hongqing asked.

"Of course I’ll participate. This is a good opportunity to study." Chen Xiang said: "Even if I am exposed, he can’t possibly do something to me on the spot, furthermore, they just used the Earth Seal once, so there won’t be a second one anymore. I will also defend them, they won’t be able to seal me that easily."

Chu Hongqing laughed: "You’re really impressive, to be able to break through the Earth Seal and run out, you only have this much strength." She knew that Chen Xiang didn’t even have a single mark, and the frightening seal of the earth was actually unable to trap him.

"Hongqing, don’t forget that I have a Heavenly artifact. A mere seal won’t be able to suppress me." Chen Xiang laughed.

Previously, he was still worried about not helping him with the cultivation of Spirit seed, but now that Chu Hongqing was inside, he could help him with it.

Chen Xiang gave her a few purple pearls, then told her to throw the purple pearls inside the pond, and then used the water in the pond to water those Spirit seed s. Those Spirit seed s would then take root and grow spirit seedlings.

"What are the uses of these Spirit seed?" Chu Hongqing did what Chen Xiang said once, and it was enough to reap the harvest. She asked again: "And there’s also that purple pearl, it seems to be able to increase the speed of growth a lot. Where did you get it from?"

Chen Xiang was waiting for the sun to rise so that he could enter the Fire Reverent School to participate in the Heavenly Dao Auction.

"The use of Spirit seed is great, the main purpose of the purple pearl is to duplicate medicinal herbs." After that, Chen Xiang gave ten more Purple Pearl Chu Hongqing and told her in detail how to copy the medicinal ingredients.

At the beginning, Chu Hongqing was very shocked and could not believe it. However, after trying it once, she had no choice but to believe it was real.

Furthermore, Chen Xiang even made her copy the Qiyuan Dan’s medicinal ingredients.

"Right now, I need ten pearls before I can copy a portion of Qiyuan Dan’s medicinal ingredients. If I were to place the purple pearl in that cup and soak it for around a day, I would be able to duplicate a portion of the purple pearl." Chen Xiang said. The Six Realms God Cup was also inside Youyao palace. Yue’er had been doing it in the past.

Chu Hongqing suddenly understood that this meant that Chen Xiang would have an endless amount of ingredients and adding in the speed at which he was refining the pills, even if it was just one person, he would be able to concoct a large amount of pills very quickly.

If he was able to refine a large amount of Qiyuan Dan, the Fang family would receive a huge blow.

"Your technique is quite mature. Just what did you do in the past?" Chu Hongqing recovered from his shock and asked.

"In my world, I can be considered to be very strong. I think I should be a pill god." Chen Xiang said: "Later on, a group of villains appeared in my world, and we couldn’t beat them, so we came here."

"Are there a lot of you?" Chu Hongqing asked.

"Yeah, I will be going to look for them soon. They are now in a very safe place, so I will take you with me." Chen Xiang said: "Your foundation in pill refining is not bad, at that time I will let you learn pill refining from them."

Chu Hongqing was secretly happy, she had long wanted to learn Chen Xiang’s pill refining skills, she never thought that Chen Xiang would be willing to teach her that so quickly.

"Do you have a lot of women?" Chu Hongqing suddenly asked.

"Not much." Chen Xiang laughed: "Don’t worry, they won’t bully you. Among my women, there are two who are like you, both are my little maid. One is for refining pills, and the other is for concocting pills, both are very powerful."

"No wonder you’re so capable of restraining yourself. So you actually possessed quite a few great beauties." Chu Hongqing scoffed, she had nothing to do in the ring as she focused on growing the Spirit seed.

Daybreak, Chen Xiang saw a lot of people walking on the streets, walking out of the tavern and following a group of people heading towards Fire Reverent School.

"Hongqing, do you have dragons in the Fire Tao Divine Place?" Chen Xiang asked. He felt that a divine beast like a dragon that was blessed by the heavens should be the first to appear in any world.

"Of course there are. Otherwise, there wouldn’t be a Barbarian Beast like the Lightning dragon eagle. It’s just that purebred dragons are very rare, and there are quite a few other hybrids." Chu Hongqing said: "Why are you asking this? Dragons are very powerful, you can’t be thinking of killing them and using them to concoct pills, right?"

Chen Xiang laughed: "Nope, I was just asking. In my world, there were many dragons, some were strong, and some were weak. I have killed many dragons when I was very young."

"I don’t believe you." Chu Hongqing scoffed.

"Why would I lie to you? I have a wife who is a White Dragon. She used to often stay in this ring." Chen Xiang laughed.

"I still don’t believe it, unless I see it with my own eyes." Chu Hongqing said.

Chen Xiang could tell from Chu Hongqing’s reaction that all the dragons in the Big Chaotic Times were very strong and had a lot of status. After all, this was the beginning of the world, unlike the later stages of the Star Law Divine Realm.

Even in the Star Law Divine Realm era, dragons were pitifully few compared to humans, let alone now.

Chen Xiang had already entered the Fire Reverent School, and the interior was like a small town in a city, the construction was extremely grand, with many neat rows of houses.

Right now, Chen Xiang was going to the big plaza inside Fire Reverent School. In the front row of the big plaza, there were many big tables and comfortable chairs, which were all seats for the big families. Chen Xiang saw Fang Heng and Fang Daiqi this father and son.

"I’ll deal with these Fang family bastards sooner or later." Chen Xiang was planning to deal with the Fang family, and then the Fire Reverent School.

Through the special power of the Serene Jade Ring, Chu Hongqing could see things from the outer sect disciples, but they were not as straightforward as Chen Xiang’s. She was only able to see things through a few crystal walls.

"There are really a lot of people." Chu Hongqing laughed: "If I were here, I would be the one presiding over this gathering. It’s always been like this in the past." DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"That dogshit Leader would definitely be extremely anxious if he can’t find you. Haha, who asked him to seal me away." Chen Xiang laughed.