Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Early in the morning, Chen Xiang walked out of his room and saw Long Shuangru bringing over some pastries, which had a fragrant smell.

"Hurry up and eat it. I made it myself." Long Shuangru said gently.

"You can still do this." Chen Xiang said while laughing, and then walked over and quickly swept it all away. Of course, he also left some for Chu Hongqing who was inside the ring to taste.

"Today, I am going to participate in the pill refining competition. I can compete in three rounds a day." Chen Xiang said: "After the competition, bring me to a safe place and I will start my closed door cultivation to refine pills."

Long Shuangru nodded, then walked out of the inn with Chen Xiang and headed towards the Fire Reverent School.

There was finally a competition area in the plaza, and a stage had been built. Since the pills and cultivators were closely linked, it brought many benefits to the cultivators, so the competition was worthy of their attention. This would let them know that the Alchemist was stronger.

"Neither Chu Hongqing nor Chen Xiang came. Did they escape or were they killed?"

"I don’t know, there must be something fishy about this, especially that Chen Xiang. He must be very interested in this kind of competition, he definitely won’t come."

"It’s very possible that he was killed by the Fang family. Who asked him to refine such an important Qiyuan Dan of the Fang family? It would be strange if he didn’t die."

"That’s true, with Chen Xiang dead, Chu Hongqing is also dead, what a pity."

During this period of time, Chen Xiang was very famous in the Fang family. It was like taking Chu Hongqing as a servant and refining a Qiyuan Dan to make the Fang family lose 200 million.

That was why many people wanted to see him today. After all, many of the people present had never seen him in person.

Long Shuangru and Chen Xiang walked over together, and when she heard these words, she glanced at Chen Xiang with a hint of a smile in her eyes, as if she had already guessed Chen Xiang’s identity.

Chen Xiang met her gaze, shrugged his shoulders, and did not say much. He then took out the jade tablet he obtained when registering and entered the competition grounds.

Chen Xiang saw Fang Heng again, and Fang Heng also came to participate. Other than him, Lan Taotian was also familiar with all of these things, and there were also many disciples from famous sects and families.

And the most eye-catching people were Fang Heng and a man dressed in gold, named Huang Xiaotian.

Chen Xiang quickly found out that Huang Xiaotian was Fire Reverent School Leader Huang Tian’s youngest son.

"This Huang Xiaotian has a good relationship with him. They usually hang around together, and their standard of alchemy is about the same." Chu Hongqing said.

Originally, it was viewed as a battlefield for Fang Heng and his opponent, because of the few hundred Alchemist s who were participating in the competition, they received the most attention.

However, after Chen Xiang changed his name to Yun Fei, he had also received a lot of attention. It was because yesterday, he had sworn an oath at Long Shuangru’s place that he would be able to cure that strange poison, and that he would be fine if he touched that frightening poisonous blood.

She followed Chen Xiang because she wanted to protect him. This was her current purpose, and she had seen people who had a better hope of helping her father cure the poison.

Chen Xiang felt that today, he would definitely be able to ruthlessly defeat Fang Heng again.

Fang Heng and Huang Xiaotian’s eyes lit up when they saw Long Shuangru who was outside the stage. Long Shuangru was not only beautiful, but also had a very refined temperament.

"Let the competition begin. Everyone needs to use our pill furnaces to test their pills. Only then will it be fair." An old man said, and then a lot of people walked in and gave out pill furnaces to the Alchemist.

At this time, Chen Xiang noticed Huang Xiaotian and Fang Heng, the two middle-aged men who gave out the pill furnaces gave them a meaningful glance.

Chen Xiang immediately furrowed his brows, because he could tell that Fang Heng and Huang Xiaotian’s pill furnaces were of relatively higher quality and were extremely good quality, even though their outside appearance was no different from other people’s pill furnaces.

"No matter what, I still have a few women who are skilled in smithing. How could I not be able to tell?" Chen Xiang could immediately tell that something was amiss with their pill furnace, and he sneered in his heart.

It was clear that the Fire Reverent School was manipulating them secretly, allowing the two of them to last until the end. Only this way would they be able to become stronger and become more famous.

"If you can get first place in this competition, you will be able to obtain a high-grade king level pill formula and a portion of medicinal ingredients. You are also a Dao mark Dan that everyone is very familiar with, a rare Emperor Pill that can help you gain insights." An old man said.

The Alchemist was immediately in an uproar. This was indeed an extremely precious pill recipe, and if he could get more medicinal ingredients, it would be even better. There were not many people who knew how to refine this pill, and only Fire Reverent School s and some elders knew about it, so they could not casually teach it to others.

"Although Huang Tian is the Fire Reverent School Leader, he cannot give the pill formulas to others as he pleases. Otherwise, he would have already given it to his own son. If he were to give it to them casually, the elders of the Fire Reverent School would definitely not let him off the hook so easily. However, as the highest reward for the competition in the Natural Law Divine Realm, it is actually permissible for him to give it to his son." Chu Hongqing said.

"I saw it just now, when they gave out the pill furnaces, they gave Huang Xiaotian and Fang Heng the best pill furnaces. It seems that the moment they wanted to start, they caused all the other Alchemist s to fail." Chen Xiang said.

"They want to make sure that either Fang Heng or Huang Xiaotian get the Dao mark Dan’s pill formulas." Chu Hongqing said: "How despicable."

Chen Xiang laughed: "But it’s different now, I must get the pill formulas, of course, the most important thing is to get the ingredients."

Now, Chu Hongqing also knew the heaven defying ability that Chen Xiang had used to duplicate medicinal herbs. Medicinal herbs were indeed very important to him.

"Be quiet." The elder in charge shouted, "Next, I will announce the rules. The rules are very simple. In a limited time, just refine the best quality pills. Regardless of the number of pills you produce, just look at the quality."

Chen Xiang immediately guessed that this old man would definitely have a special quality testing tool. As expected, it was a very tall stone tablet with a lot of markings on it, and at the bottom of the stone tablet, there was a pit where one could place a pill.

Chen Xiang had seen many of these kinds of tools that could be used to test the quality. They were all of similar quality and more trustworthy, so he couldn’t do anything about it.

At this moment, the old man was using a lot of pills. They were all of good quality, with a maximum of two hundred, while the pills he was testing were all capable of lighting up a bar of one hundred and fifty.

In terms of numbers of pills that came out, Fang Heng had suffered greatly. Clearly, this was to prevent Chen Xiang from having such terrifying numbers, so they only competed in terms of quality. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Although they knew that Chen Xiang would not come, they still chose to follow this rule in case a Alchemist like Chen Xiang appeared.

"Those who reach the top 50 will be able to enter the next round. There will be a total of three matches. The rules are the same, but the pills refined will be different." The old man said. Right now, there were people distributing the Yaoge Dan’s medicinal ingredients.