Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang blamed himself on the inside, he shouldn’t have said that Bai Long taught him this.

"If you said that the other dragons taught it to you, I would believe it, but you said that it was a White Dragon." Long Shuangru’s tone became cold and full of hostility.

"You’re the only one in the White Dragon." Chen Xiang did not expect this.

"Other than those guys, no one knows about the existence of the White Dragon, because I’m the only one." Long Shuangru said: "You must be sent by that group of people. Only they have the antidote, so you aren’t poisoned."

Chen Xiang did not know that it would be like this, and he immediately explained it clearly.

"Don’t be so excited. If I had sent that group of people, would I have been so stupid as to reveal such a huge opening?" Chen Xiang laughed: "This is a long story, and you would definitely not believe it."

Chen Xiang suddenly felt that this Long Shuangru might be Long Xueyi’s ancestor. He found out that the White Dragon had a very special method of reproducing and that he could reproduce. In the time of the Star Law Divine Realm, Long Xueyi was also the only White Dragon.

"Those guys are here. Let’s not talk so much with you first." Long Shuangru suddenly looked in a direction, but her expression suddenly changed: "So fast, this guy is very powerful, hide quickly."

Long Shuangru pushed Chen Xiang behind a large tree, then took out a white longsword, which was very similar to the White Dragon Sword.

"Little girl, where is that human man? Quickly hand him over." Just as Chen Xiang hid his presence, a black clothed man appeared.

"Huang profound, what do you want him to do? Is it because he can cure my father’s poison?" Long Shuangru actually recognized this man.

"Nothing much. He took away something very precious from a clan member of my clan. I just happened to pass by and heard what he said, so I came all the way here. I have to say, your speed is quite fast." Huang profound laughed coldly.

This Huang profound was able to make Long Shuangru this cautious, so he must be very strong. He knew that the reason Huang profound grabbed him, was very likely to be to help Huang Tian snatch Chu Hongqing back.

"Just what is the background of this Huang Tian? He actually has such a powerful helper. Looks like the Fire Reverent School is not as simple as it seems." Chen Xiang asked Chu Hongqing.

"I don’t know either. It seems like my cauldron is very important to Huang Tian." Chu Hongqing laughed.

Huang profound took out a long blade, and said coldly: "If you don’t hand him over, don’t blame me for being ruthless, I know he is nearby."

Long Shuangru snorted: "I’m not afraid of you."

After saying that, the surrounding forest became filled with ice, the cold wind blew everywhere, and in the blink of an eye, everything turned into a world of ice and snow, even Chen Xiang shivered from the cold.

"Ice Dragon’s Lock, are you trying to let him find some time to escape?" A huge block of ice the size of a lock appeared under Huang profound’s feet. Blue Spirit grain flowed down from the top of the ice, and the moment the Spirit grain moved, it released waves after waves of terrifying cold air.

"Yes, I know that my current strength is inferior to yours, so I can only do this." Long Shuangru formed a seal with both hands and closed his eyes. With one look, he could tell that she was using all her strength to trap Huang profound.

"Chen Xiang, quickly leave. I will definitely find you in the future. If you have time, refine the pill." Long Shuangru said, and did not give Chen Xiang a sound transmission.

After Huang profound heard this, he laughed out loud: "A guy who has just stepped into the Dao Ti realm, how far can he run? So what if you can stall me, sooner or later, I’ll still find him."

"Why should I run? Wouldn’t it be better to chop off your head?" Chen Xiang suddenly appeared in front of Huang profound.

"Haha ..." You ignorant fool, with this broken sword in your hands, forget about cutting off my head, you can’t even cut off my hair, otherwise Long Shuangru would have come over long ago to kill me. I don’t blame you, after all, you don’t know how terrifying our Undead Divine Race is, we not only have an eternal life, we also have an indestructible body ... "

Before Huang profound finished speaking, Chen Xiang cleaved a sword strike at his shoulder, easily slicing apart the thick layer of ice, and then, chopped off Huang profound’s arm which was at his shoulder’s shoulder.

"It’s not that amazing. This is the Eternal Body that you spoke of. Is it really impossible to break your hair?" Chen Xiang smiled, and with a wave of the Heavenly magic sword in his hand, he easily turned Huang profound into a big bald man.

Huang profound was stunned, Long Shuangru was even more so, dumbstruck. They never thought that Chen Xiang would actually be so powerful.

They immediately understood that it was because the Heavenly magic sword in Chen Xiang’s hands were extremely terrifying.

Pah pah pah pah.

Chen Xiang patted Huang profound’s bald head, and laughed: "Your bald head should also be easy to chop off ... ..." ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"You ... You must know how terrifying our Undead Divine Race is. If you don’t believe me, ask Long Shuangru, their dragon race is very afraid of us. " Huang profound’s arm was bleeding. Chen Xiang could easily cut off his arm, and he could also easily cut off his head.

"Of course I know, your Undead Divine Race still has Sky Spill Master and Undying Battle God right ..." Other than that, there’s also the Undead Heaven Spirit. Chen Xiang laughed.

"Undead Heaven Spirit... How exactly do you know? Even I have only occasionally heard of it from my clan’s elders. " Huang profound asked in shock.

"My master told me. Alright, I’ve already answered so many questions. You can die in peace now."

As soon as he finished speaking, the Heavenly magic sword in Chen Xiang’s hands had already hacked towards Huang profound’s neck, chopped his head off, and then burned inside the Chuangshi god furnace.

He, the Undead Divine Race, understood very well that if they did not destroy or seal everything in their opponent, they could be reborn.

Chen Xiang’s movements were nimble, he threw Huang profound into the Chuangshi god furnace and then grabbed onto Long Shuang and teleported far away. Furthermore, he was using a spatial barrier, so Huang profound was able to sense Long Shuangru’s faint dragon aura and that was why Huang profound was able to trace him here.

Far away from the place where Huang profound was killed, Chen Xiang brought Long Shuangru to a small river to rest.

He took out Huang profound’s long blade, collided with the Heavenly magic sword a few times, and was crippled. He never thought that the Heavenly magic sword would still be this terrifying even in this era.

"Do you know the consequences of killing Huang profound?" Long Shuangru faintly asked: "Since you are relatively clear about the matters of Undead Divine Race, you should know."

"I don’t know what the consequences will be. I only know that if I don’t kill him, he will kill me in the future. He came for me this time, and I have something very important in my hands." Chen Xiang said indifferently.

Long Shuangru leaned against a tree, hugged his knees, and snorted: "Troublemaker."

Chen Xiang laughed heartily: "I’ve already told you this before."