Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 243 - Red Wolves

------------

It was originally a forest, however, in front of him there was a very open space, where one could see many tree roots, but no trees could be seen whatsoever.

At that moment, Chen Xiang could see many wolves with completely red bodies gnawing on some trees while besieging four people.

These red wolves were as big as adult cows, with a black vertical line in between their eyebrows, and two huge sharp red teeth protruding from their mouth, making them seem extremely terrifying. These red wolves’ bodies were as if they had been soaked in blood, exuding a nauseating stench. The noxious Devil Qi they were releasing was nothing Chen Xiang had encountered before; it was even richer than the black wolves from before.

"Ït’s the disciples of the True Martial Sect, three male and a female!" Chen Xiang muttered. Those three men looked very handsome, while the female was extremely beautiful and moving. However, all of them were in a very sorry state at the moment, their whole bodies were covered in black blood, while one man among them had his long sword broken.

Before, he had saved disciples of the Beast Martial Sect and the Proud Sword Sect, and they repaid him by trying to kill him, now he was considering whether he should save these people or not.

"Save them! In any case, it’s just a matter of little effort for you. Furthermore, with your current strength, there is no need to be afraid of their retaliation. If they want to move against you, then you don’t need to be polite either!" Su Meiyao said.

Chen Xiang lightly sighed before taking out the Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade. He jumped over and landed in front of those four.

"Chen Xiang!" All four of them suddenly exclaimed together in unison while retreating two steps back. Their faces were now filled with panic.

Chen Xiang looked at them, slightly smiled and said, "Don’t worry, I didn’t come to kill you."

These True Martial Sect’s disciples were not like the Beast Martial Sect and the Proud Sword Sect. From the expression in their eyes, Chen Xiang could determine that these four people were not the ones who could not wait to kill him.

What was totally out of Chen Xiang’s expectation was that, among these four, the strongest was the girl who was just at the 3rd level of the True Martial Realm. The other three were all in the 1st level of the True Martial Realm, and it was no wonder to Chen Xiang that they would be hunted down till here. But seeing that they could ran so far was also not bad.

"Is there no 5th level True Martial Realm disciple left in your True Martial Sect?" Chen Xiang asked with a frown. Although he had killed a lot of True Martial Sect disciples, the True Martial Sect could not have such little strength.

"We have, but... but the Dean felt that we are useless, so he made us come here." The girl indignantly spoke, her gaunt beautiful face was filled with anger and helplessness.

The three men were also the same.

At this point, the pack of red wolves swooped over. Chen Xiang fiercely turned around and waved his blade towards those wolves. Numerous azure lightning from the blade’s tip madly surged out, and one after another, as if those lightning transformed into a giant blade, ruthlessly falling down on the ground, killing a greater part of the red wolves.

Although these red wolves were powerful, when facing Chen Xiang with the Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade in his hand, they were not worth a straw. With one strike, Chen Xiang had beheaded more than a hundred.

"On the count of three, jump with all of your power, leave the ground!" Chen Xiang hastily shouted, "One...Two...Three... Jump."

Although the four True Martial Sect’s disciples didn’t know what Chen Xiang was planning on doing, they still jumped up. Chen Xiang also jumped up with them as the red wolves surrounding them swarmed and swooped over.

As he jumped into the air, a dazzling azure aura from Chen Xiang’s palm suddenly flowed out. With a thunderous roar, he smacked a palm towards the ground. Through the majestic and powerful Azure Dragon True Qi, a huge azure palm appeared, and like a storm, the soaring True Qi plundered through all four directions as the huge palm fiercely landed on the ground.

BOOM!!!

A loud explosion occurred; it was so loud that it made everyone’s ear ache. The explosive sound echoed throughout the surroundings, while from below, the miserable howls of wolves soon followed. Many crevices appeared on the ground; the fierce tremor had made the giant trees in the greater part of forest to collapse in the blink of an eye. The ground was like a tide rolling through with a vast momentum. What had just happened was rather soul stirring, sending shivers down the heart of those four disciples from the True Martial Sect; it was pretty hard for them believe what had just happened.

When they landed from the sky, they landed on top of a just created little mound. Majority of those red wolves were now buried in the soil.

"Thanks a lot for saving us!" After the girl took a deep breath, she cupped her fist and spoke with a gratified tone; her eyes were filled with respect.

As for the other three, they not only repeatedly thanked Chen Xiang, they also had a look of worship. There was not much difference between their age and Chen Xiang, and in fact, Chen Xiang was even a little younger than them, but he was already so powerful. With just a palm, he wiped out those red wolves, which almost killed their group, in one fell swoop. This kind of strong martial artist was truly worthy of their respect. Although Chen Xiang and the True Martial Sect were enemies, Chen Xiang not only did not kill them, he had even saved them. This kind of chivalrous behavior made it harder for them to hate him. Not to mention that from the beginning, there was no direct hatred between them and Chen Xiang.

"First leave here!" Chen Xiang smiled and said, leading the group.

On one side, Chen Xiang was walking, while on the other, he warned them about the conspiracy of the devil path sects, and this scared the hell out of them. They completely believed Chen Xiang’s words. At this time, Chen Xiang came to know that all four of them didn’t have any status in their sect. Although they were in the True Martial Realm at such a young age, the True Martial Sect’s Dean was worried about the death of some disciples with high potential, that was why he elected to just send these four.

"You don’t need to be worried. As long as we work together, we would eventually walk out alive from here." Chen Xiang comforted them. All of their faces were filled with sadness, because they knew they were the weakest in here, while the lineup of the other sects was rather strong. Both the Divine Weapon Heavenly Empire and the Icewind Valley had sent their strongest disciples. Xue Xianxian and Leng Youlan, these kind of talented and outstanding girls were sent. The Extreme Martial Sect had also sent ten, and there was no need to question Chen Xiang’s strength.

"Thanks a lot, Chen Xiang!" The girl thanked in a light tone. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Chen Xiang, I didn’t expect your character to be so good. It is way different from what those elders told us; a heinous devil beyond redemption." A slightly young boy laughed and said.

"As long as no one attacked me, I will not attack them either! Liao Shaoyun from your True Martial Sect first took action against me and almost killed me. Because of my bounty, the others also came to attack me. Otherwise, I wouldn’t even bother with them." Chen Xiang said.

"All of these weirdos are too greedy and too arrogant, otherwise, they will not create so much noise." A man said.

"Don’t say this anywhere else. After you return to the True Martial Sect, it is best that you don’t mention that I have saved you. It’s for the better if none of you talk about it, otherwise, your Dean or Liao Shaoyun, both of them would become even more hostile to you." Chen Xiang smiled and said.

"No, I want to speak! As long as I leave here in one piece, I’ll separate myself from the True Martial Sect. They don’t look at as a human, not even a little bit." The girl coldly harrumphed, this kind of personality made Chen Xiang greatly appreciate her.

One by one, the three man also voiced out their thoughts. The True Marital Sect had sent them here to die, which made them hold a grudge in their heart.

Chen Xiang eyes lit up, laughed and said, "If you have no place to go after leaving the True Martial Sect, you can always come find me in the Extreme Martial Sect."

A translated work of Xianxiaworld