Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

When Yang Xiangyin saw Ning Quan’s beautiful Junior Master, he suddenly thought of something, and immediately told Chen Xiang: "Master, Ning Quan’s Junior Master has an influential background. Although I have never seen her before, but I have heard about her before."

"Oh, tell me about it." Chen Xiang asked. Ning Quan was currently discussing matters with her Junior Master, and Ning Quan had even taken out a jade box.

"She is a Alchemist of the Three Lives native bank. I heard that she was able to refine an Emperor Pill and is a very famous female Alchemist. She was also invited by the Eternal Life Native Bank in the Eternal Life City." Yang Xiangyin said: "She came here to help the Three Lives native bank take care of the medicine shop."

"Three Lives native bank, is he one of the three great native bank?" Chen Xiang asked.

Yes, a native bank who is on par with the Eternal Life Native Bank is also very mysterious. I heard that the Eternal Life City and Three Lives City will be the same in the future, so the relationship between the three native bank s is quite good. Yang Xiangyin said.

"What is her name? She’s actually a high ranking official of a native bank. I wonder how strong she is?" Chen Xiang was extremely curious about this, the meaning behind the existence of the three native bank s had always been something he was very confused about.

"I think his name is Xie Qiaoyan ... I’ve only heard of it from others, I don’t know if it is her, but there aren’t many strong female Alchemist here, so it’s very possible that it’s her. Yang Xiangyin said.

Xie Qiaoyan did not seem to be too willing to compete in pill refining with Chen Xiang, and for some reason, Ning Quan actually allowed her to come over. A woman like her should not be called over so easily.

"As long as we can beat him, right?" Xie Qiaoyan coldly looked at Chen Xiang and asked.

If you win, I can give you three billion Jade money. Martial Uncle, you wouldn’t be unwilling to do such a good thing, with your strength, you can just casually make a batch of Dao mark Dan. Ning Quan laughed.

Chen Xiang laughed: "I am not that easy to win, if you lose to me, your Junior Master would definitely blame you, after all, you were the one who let her compete with me, and from the looks of it, she is not the kind of person who can casually fight with others."

Ning Quan laughed coldly: "What a joke, how could my Junior Master lose to you, my Junior Master really won’t fight with random people to refine pills, so today is your honor, even if I lose, you don’t have to care about the Jade money, there are a lot of Alchemist who want to compete with my Junior Master, you can consider yourself lucky."

"Alright, consider me lucky. Since when did it start? I can’t wait any longer." Chen Xiang said.

"Martial Uncle, are you ready?" Ning Quan asked.

"We can start at any time." Xie Qiaoyan took out a cushion and placed it on the ground. After he sat down cross-legged, he took out a black pill furnace.

Chen Xiang also took out his Chuangshi god furnace. If one wanted to compete in quality, the Chuangshi god furnace must be used. Only the Chuangshi god furnace could resist the Crash method.

"Examine each other’s pill furnaces." Ning Quan said.

Chen Xiang pushed the Chuangshi god furnace over. Although Xie Qiaoyan looked cold like an ice mountain, she still cooperated very well with him and also pushed her pill furnace over.

After Chen Xiang touched the pill furnace, he frowned, he did not expect Xie Qiaoyan’s pill furnace to be made of wood. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"Could it be made from the legendary Tree of Life?" Chen Xiang was a little shocked, he could feel that this wooden pill furnace was releasing traces of life force.

With this kind of power, the pills he forged would be even better.

"Your pill furnace isn’t bad either. Although I can’t tell where it came from, it’s better than most people’s." When Xie Qiaoyan inspected Chen Xiang’s furnace carefully, he also realized that Chen Xiang’s furnace was not ordinary.

Chen Xiang was now even more serious. This Xie Qiaoyan was much more powerful than he imagined, from the pill furnace, he could see that just by using a good pill furnace, he could display a much higher level.

After the examination was completed, Ning Quan entrusted an old man from the Eternal Life Native Bank to take out two sets of Dao mark Dan s’ medicinal ingredients, and give one to Chen Xiang and one to Xie Qiaoyan. These medicinal ingredients were all very poor, in the eyes of many Alchemist, such medicinal ingredients were unable to refine pills.

Chen Xiang and Xie Qiaoyan would be competing with this kind of medicine, competing with inferior quality medicine, was one of the rules.

"I have to finish the pill within two hours. The highest quality pill will be considered as my victory, starting now." Ning Quan shouted.

Chen Xiang looked at the three dried up fruits in his hands and threw them into the furnace. Although they were rotten herbs, they had no effect on him.

After the herbs entered the pill furnace, he did not release the flame but instead activated the Alive Slain Method, releasing the Life Death God Power. He poured it into the three fruits, making them have a better quality.

"It’s about time." In just a short while, the three fruits had become extremely good, now that Chen Xiang had released the flames, he could quickly refine the three fruits.

Time was tight, only two hours. Under normal circumstances, just one furnace would be enough for him, but now it was different. He wanted to refine a high quality Dao mark Dan.

Chen Xiang quickly gathered the three masses of medicinal liquid and connected the thousands of Spirit grain together. And then, he was going to use the Crash method.

"This Dao mark Dan is a low rank king level beast, it must be very fierce when it attacks." Chen Xiang divided the medicinal liquid into four clumps, and then poured the vigorous Daoyuan immortal power into each of the four clumps.

"Bang!" Chen Xiang channeled the Daoyuan immortal power in his entire body, pushing the four lumps of medicinal liquid to clash with the inside of the Chuangshi god furnace.

Rumble ...

The Chuangshi god furnace started to shake violently, and released wave after wave of rumbling sounds. The explosion inside was extremely intense, and Chen Xiang was also sweating profusely, but he still controlled himself.

There were a lot of people on the third floor. Just now, Chen Xiang’s furnace had caused a huge commotion, causing the entire third floor to be shaken up. The spectators were also shocked, afraid that Chen Xiang’s furnace would affect them.

Xie Qiaoyan had his eyes closed the whole time, he was concocting pills, and even the commotion did not disturb her.

"Chen Xiang, you wouldn’t have exploded, right? You should just admit defeat, stop tormenting yourself." Huang Tian mocked.

"Sorry to disappoint you, but my furnace didn’t explode." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Hmph, let’s see how long you can last. You only have two hours and one portion of medicinal materials." Huang Tian sneered.

Chen Xiang’s pill furnace was filled with broken little stones. These had all been struck out just now and had turned into a dark golden crystal, it was extremely beautiful.

It took a lot of effort for him to combine these crystals and form a large dark golden crystal ball.