Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 244 - Wei Hongdao

TLN : This chapter is sponsored by Rafał Brodziak and Yannis Mokry. Thanks for your support.

------------

Chen Xiang was drawing them in, those four True Martial Sect disciples could also see that clearly. However, they thought Chen Xiang was going to make them enter the Extreme Martial Sect, which was impossible in the Chenwu Mainland. Once someone entered a sect, they could never enter another sect ever again. Even if they left, the other sect would still not receive them.

Chen Xiang told them the route back, he had left many marks along the way as he was traveling. As long as those marks were found, one could very easily reach the outermost periphery simply by backtracking these marks, then they could converge with disciples of the other sects.

Chen Xiang still had some leftover business here, after all, he still had not found the disciples from Lotus Island or Danxiang Taoyuan.

Danxiang Taoyuan and the Extreme Martial Sect had pretty good relations, so Chen Xiang did not need to worry about getting attacked by them. As for the Lotus Island, Chen Xiang had yet to come in contact with them. Although Lotus Island was located near the shore, they were in-charge of a greater portion of the Chenwu Mainland, as such they were also one of the relatively stronger forces.

After the True Martial Sect’s disciples left, Chen Xiang continued on his journey to the next known ambush point, to see if he could find the disciples of Danxiang Taoyuan and Lotus Island.

Just as Chen Xiang entered the ghastly forest, his hair stood up on its ends. The noxious aura surrounding them was extremely dense accompanied by an extremely nauseating stench.

Suddenly, a red aura flashed through the dark forest. Chen Xiang felt a cold shiver run down his spine before he hastily reacted by jumping into the air. He was drenched in cold sweat as he saw the ground he stood on a moment ago replaced with a deep gully dug out by that red aura. If that attack had landed on him, the aftermath would have been disastrous.

Both the speed and strength from that earlier blow was quite frightening. However, the most crucial factor was its concealing ability. If not for Chen Xiang having gone through countless fights, allowing his instincts to help him react in a split second, he would have been killed.

"Ha ha..." With utter astonishment, Chen Xiang suddenly heard a very sharp ear-piercing laughter that could cause anyone who heard it have goosebumps.

After Chen Xiang landed on the ground, he immediately took out the Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade. At this moment, that blood red aura flashed once again. Chen Xiang had already made preparations to deal with any kind of attack with his blade. Using the huge body of the blade, Chen Xiang resisted the powerful oncoming attack.

It came from a very long sword, completely blood red glistening in a crimson light. The person holding the sword surprised Chen Xiang even more, it was a young man with shoulder length hair, which was also blood red! Even his eyes were bloodshot and he seemed like a very bizarre and frightening monster.

The young man suddenly opened his mouth and a very long red tongue stretched out. He licked that blood-red long sword making the scene look even more hair-raising and bizarre.

Chen Xiang retreated a few steps before he coldly asked, "Who are you?" He was sure this guy was a disciple of a devil sect, moreover, he was definitely very strong.

"Tsk tsk..." The red haired man shook his head and sneered, "You are Chen Xiang, the top youngest martial artist of the Extreme Martial Sect, with name reverberating like thunder. I had not thought you were so ignorant, you really don’t know who I am?"

Chen Xiang snorted, said, "I don’t know exactly who you are, but you’re definitely a disciple of a devil path sect."

"That being the case, I’ll introduce myself so that you can die knowing who’s responsible for your death. However, it seems my reputation is not widespread, you actually don’t know who I am!" The red haired man suddenly put on a red gown and proudly said, "I’m Wei Hongdao of the Blood Refining Clan."

Chen Xiang frowned, the Blood Refining Clan was one of the strongest among the five major devil sects. He had indeed heard a little about Wu Hongdao, his age was similar to Chen Xiang’s and both of them possessed frightening strength at such a young age along with stunning talent.

However, in light of their reputations, Wei Hongdao and Chen Xiang were miles apart, Wei Hongdao was truly a devil, he specifically slaughtered civilians in cold blood, burning and looting were just a some of his deeds, he had committed many unimaginable crimes.

"You came here to die?" Chen Xiang squinted his eyes. Killing this kind of devil, would allow his state of mind to reach sublimation, he would never have any scruples to attack people like Wei Hongdao. Not to mention the fact that Chen Xiang had just strided into the 5th level of the True Martial Realm, and had been worried he would have no opportunity to try out his newfound strength.

The devil path sect actually sent a disciple with such high potential into this battle, it was totally out of Chen Xiang’s expectations. One must know, there were not that many True Martial Realm martial artist in the devil path sects, it was much less than the righteous sects. As for outstanding disciples, they were even fewer.

"Humph, you really have a big mouth. Don’t think with your little reputation, you have the right to be arrogant in front of me! Aren’t you just lucky, and managed to create some large commotion just because of fortunate opportunities? Let me tell you, not to mention you with this sort of strength, even a 9th level True Martial Realm martial artist would die by my hands!" Wei Hongdao furiously said, while he swiftly and violently brandished his blade very fast. It was like a red lightning bolt suddenly shot towards Chen Xiang.

In the case that Chen Xiang was prepared, this kind of speed was still very easy to deal with, moreover he had already been vigilant. When Wei Hongdao attacked, Chen Xiang also brandished his Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade at the same time. With an azure flash, the two weapons collided together. Qi waves burst forth one after the other from the impact as a storm burst forth that even made the trees around them smashed into mere splinters in the blink of an eye.

Even while just chatting, a casual wave of their weapons could result in such a frightening shockwave. It even seemed that their strength was equal.

The Blood Refining Clan was a devil path sect which made people terror-stricken just from hearing their name because of their sect’s Blood Refining Great Devil Technique, which was simply cultivation using blood. Under this technique, the cultivator required a vast amount of blood during the cultivation, while crystal stones were thrown in the sea of blood. The cultivator immersed themselves within this concoction, this way of cultivation was already very nauseating.

However, what made everyone intolerable of this method of cultivation was that all the blood was obtained through killing powerless mortals in order to procure that vast amount of blood quickly. It was also this reason that no members of the righteous sects could allow the devil path sects to grow, otherwise the majority of the civilians from the Chenwu Mainland would become nothing more than a disposable resource for the cultivation of the devil path sects.

Wei Hongdao’s feet moved a bit but he firmly held his ground. Although his face was unspeakably dignified, it was also a bit red. From Chen Xiang’s blow, Wei Hongdao could roughly gauge his opponent’s strength, which was a lot stronger than the rumor had stated. It was said that Chen Xiang was only in the 2nd level of the True Martial Realm and by relying on mysterious martial skills and his powerful blade, his true strength would be able to contend with someone in the 5th level of the True Martial Realm.

Of course, it also mentioned that Chen Xiang had another status that Wei Hongdao couldn’t overlook. As an alchemist, Chen Xiang could eat his own dans which was a very easy and smooth course for cultivation. The True Qi gained would be even more rich and the advancement of cultivation was definitely not slow.

Chen Xiang had a look of ease on his face. Although Wei Hongdao was in the 5th level of the True Martial Realm and the True Qi in his body was very tyrannical, it was not vigorous enough. The explosive force was strong but it was not sustainable. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

After both of them faced each other’s strike, they were silent for a moment, before attacking once again. This time, it was actually Chen Xiang who took action first. However, just as he started his attack, Wei Hongdao immediately retaliated.

The Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade flashed towards Wei Hongdao within the blink of an eye. An increasingly dense azure aura and incomparably fierce imposing atmosphere weighed down on him as the cleaving strike seemed to split heaven and earth apart. Weighing a hundred thousand jins, the blow still cleaved like lighting and instantly struck down with an imposing heaven shocking aura.

At the same time the blade was drawn, it made a clean sweep of everything around them. Before it, the dark clouds in the sky trundled, the fierce wind erupted in between the mountains, this earth shattering and nature altering strike, shocked Wei Hongdao to no end. He suddenly felt like his attempt at a counterattack was very, very small and insignificant.

A translated work of Xianxiaworld