Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was not happy during his journey out of Jiang Xian’s house, because he could have just fought to his heart’s content. He looked at the building in Eternal Life Native Bank, and in the end, he gave up.

"Young Master Shen, there’s someone looking for you. It seems to be something important."

Just as Chen Xiang entered the Immortal Restaurant, the shopkeeper ran over the moment he saw him and took out a piece of Communication jade Symbol paper, handing it over to him.

Chen Xiang took the Communication jade Symbol paper, and when he checked it with his spirit sense, he heard a familiar cold voice.

"I’m at the Immortal Restaurant, is it convenient for me to see you now?" The voice belonged to Xie Qiaoyan. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"It’s convenient. Do you want me to go and find you, or do you want to come and find me?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I’m already outside your door." Xie Qiaoyan replied.

Chen Xiang immediately entered the Teleportation Room and teleported to his floor. He saw Xie Qiaoyan wearing a white dress, but he did not ask, and only opened the door and let Xie Qiaoyan in.

"What is it?" Chen Xiang knew that Xie Qiaoyan was a straightforward person. Although he may seem cold, it wasn’t difficult to communicate with her. She had nothing to say, and even spoke it very simply.

"Are you willing to join our Boundless Pill Dao?" Xie Qiaoyan asked.

"I don’t want to." Chen Xiang replied immediately. Although the pill techniques in the Limitless Pill Dao were also very profound, he already had the Heavenly Alchemy in his body for all of eternity.

Seeing that Chen Xiang had rejected him so decisively, Xie Qiaoyan drank the tea poured for him and got up to leave.

Chen Xiang immediately shouted out: "Hey, you’re leaving now, aren’t you going to stay and chat? Even though I defeated you last time, you don’t have to look at me with such hatred."

Xie Qiaoyan still looked after himself as he walked towards the door and said: "I don’t hate you, otherwise I wouldn’t have come looking for you."

Chen Xiang laughed: "Since you’re already here, why don’t you sit down and chat? At the very least, I need to know the benefits of my joining the Limitless Pill Dao."

Xie Qiaoyan walked back again. She was not very good at communicating, and she was the kind of person who liked to live a simple and crude life.

After Xie Qiaoyan sat down, he asked, "Have you joined any other sects? Who is your master?"

Chen Xiang poured another cup of tea for her and said: "No, I have always been a lone wolf. My master does not refine pills, and if I say it out loud, you are not him either."

Xie Qiaoyan said: "Then why don’t you join the Limitless Pill Dao? Alchemist has never interacted with people before, it would be better if you get together with them."

Chen Xiang shook his head: "I am a Alchemist who cannot sit still, moreover, I frequently interact with others, if you have understood me before, you would understand."

"Oh right, you still haven’t answered me. What benefits would there be for me to join the Boundless Pill Dao? Why are you inviting me?"

Xie Qiaoyan replied: "I’ve already answered you, I just don’t want you to join any other sects. Even though I don’t interact much with the outside world, I know that this Octoterra is very complicated."

Chen Xiang thought about it, and she had indeed answered the question just now. It was because she felt that the Alchemist should be together, and that was the benefit of joining the Limitless Alchemy Dao.

"How much do you know about the Boundless Pill Dao?" Chen Xiang asked again.

"I have already mastered all the Infinite Dan method, but how much I can comprehend depends on me, so I need to communicate with the Alchemist." Xie Qiaoyan said.

Chen Xiang’s mind flashed with enlightenment, and he laughed: "You and the other Alchemist definitely cannot communicate much, if not you would not have come to find me."

"Yes." Xie Qiaoyan said.

"How about this, you pass the Infinite Dan method to me, how about this, I’m too lazy to join the Limitless Pill Dao." Chen Xiang laughed: "My comprehension ability is very strong, maybe I can give you an unexpected surprise."

"Do you think that’s possible? Letting me pass down the precious Infinite Dan method to you is impossible, unless you join the Limitless Pill Dao. Even if you join, you would have to pass the examination to be able to obtain the Infinite Dan method’s inheritance." Xie Qiaoyan said coldly.

"Then forget it. To be honest, I’m just rather curious about the Infinite Dan method. As for my own alchemy skills, they are way better than yours. I really don’t think much of it." Chen Xiang shrugged and smiled faintly.

Xie Qiaoyan stood up and said: "Let’s stop talking here, thank you for the tea."

Chen Xiang laughed mischievously: "If you did not rely on that wooden pill furnace last time, the quality of the Dao mark Dan you refined would have been even lower."

"You don’t need to rely on that pill furnace of yours, the quality of the pills you refine will be even lower." Xie Qiaoyan snorted: "Don’t think that I don’t know your refining methods, I can roughly guess that you used the collision method to improve your quality, of course, I only have a rough understanding of it, and the operation process is definitely very complicated, it requires a large amount of experience and alchemy to improve it."

"Your continuous movements were caused by the collision of the extremely powerful medicinal liquid. If you didn’t have the protection of the pill furnace, it would have been impossible for you to succeed, so don’t joke with me for relying on that wooden pill furnace."

Chen Xiang laughed: "I am not, I am not. If I have your cultivation level now, I can use any pill furnace ... I don’t even need a pill furnace, I can produce the same quality as that day. "

Chen Xiang was also shocked at Xie Qiaoyan’s capabilities. To be able to see through his skills, it was definitely not an easy feat.

"I don’t believe it." Xie Qiaoyan snorted: "That kind of collision would take a lot of effort even with a strong power to restrict it ... And when you started condensing your pills later on, you must have used something else to assist you. I don’t believe that you can compress such a high quality medicinal liquid with just your strength alone. "

Chen Xiang had indeed used a Six Realms mirrors as support from the back. He did not expect that Xie Qiaoyan had also guessed this.

"How about this, you use an ordinary pill furnace to refine a batch of Dao mark Dan, and I don’t need a furnace to refine a batch of Dao mark Dan, I know that the quality will definitely not be as high as the one we competed in the other day, but this way, we will be able to see through our true abilities, and I will admit that I relied on things to assist me in order to succeed ... Of course, although the pill that I have refined is of the highest quality, it is still a failed product. " Chen Xiang laughed.

Chen Xiang was bored now and wanted to find some fun. Furthermore, he had broken through the Dao Dan realm, so he felt that it would be much easier to refine pills than last time.

Last time, after Chen Xiang and Xie Qiaoyan’s competition was over, Xie Qiaoyan still wanted to compete with Chen Xiang, but he was rejected by him. Now, of course Xie Qiaoyan was very willing.

"We won’t bet. Moreover, regardless of who wins or loses, we won’t reveal it to the public." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Alright." Xie Qiaoyan was also secretly excited, she wanted to see why Chen Xiang didn’t use his pill furnace to concoct pills, and how she could see Chen Xiang concocting pills more directly this way.

Chen Xiang brought Xie Qiaoyan into a secret room, Xie Qiaoyan was not worried that Chen Xiang had plotted against her, her cultivation was extremely high, and even if Chen Xiang used all of his tricks, he would still not be able to defeat her.

On the other hand, Chen Xiang was a little worried that Xie Qiaoyan would do something to him.