Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Xie Qiaoyan and Chen Xiang had used good herbs during the competition, unlike the previous time, when using abandoned herbs.

"Miss Xie, have you heard of Qingyuan Dan?" Chen Xiang asked.

I heard that you used more than one billion to buy the Qingyuan Dan’s pill formula a while back. Right, what a fool, if you had met me earlier, I could have given the pill formula to you. "" Alright! Xie Qiaoyan said.

Chen Xiang’s mouth twitched a few times, then laughed: "I know a lot of people think I’m stupid, but I think it’s worth it. You’ll know in the future."

"Look at this pill furnace, this is my worst pill furnace." Xie Qiaoyan pushed a pill furnace in front of Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang took a look and said: "It is a pretty good pill furnace, as long as it is not that wooden pill furnace, it will definitely be very convenient for you."

"Hmph, are you really planning on not using a pill furnace? Although I can use a pill furnace to concoct pills, I don’t dare to use it during a competition." Xie Qiaoyan said.

"If I can’t use my two best pill furnaces, I can use the other one." Chen Xiang laughed, his Heavenly furnace was also not bad, if he used a Heavenly furnace, he would think that he had cheated.

Seeing Chen Xiang being so serious and confident, Xie Qiaoyan said: "If I lose to you like this, I will pass down the Infinite Dan method to you. But you must promise that you won’t tell anyone else, otherwise Infinite Divine Mountain will take my life."

"So serious." Chen Xiang said in shock: "I heard that you hold a very high position in the Infinite Divine Mountain."

"So what? Sometimes, Infinite Divine Mountain’s actions are extremely heartless. It’s because I can’t tolerate the Limitless Battle Dao that I switched to the Limitless Pill Dao. Right now, the Limitless Pill Dao is pretty good, but after committing a mistake, Infinite Divine Mountain will still do the same to you. " Xie Qiaoyan said.

Chen Xiang had heard Jiang Xian talk about Xie Qiaoyan before, so that was how it was.

"You are too unkind, to actually want to invite me to a place like the Infinite Divine Mountain, do you want to harm me?" Chen Xiang laughed. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"Don’t worry, if you really enter the Infinite Divine Mountain, I definitely won’t let you suffer inside." Xie Qiaoyan said.

"If the Infinite Divine Mountain didn’t have a fellow like Ning Quan, I would still consider it. Ning Quan, this bastard, makes me very uncomfortable, so I wouldn’t be in the same sect as him. Chen Xiang curled his lips.

"Miss Xie ..." Just as Chen Xiang said these three words, he was interrupted.

"Just call me Qiao Qiao ..." but only when there’s no one else. " Xie Qiaoyan said, and for some reason, Chen Xiang suddenly felt that she was not as cold as before.

"Hehe, Qiao Yan, you’re actually not as difficult to get along with as the rumors say." Chen Xiang laughed.

"I’m not that difficult to get along with anyway. It’s just that I grew up in a bad environment. That’s why I look like this." Xie Qiaoyan was not afraid to talk about his own ice-cold situation.

"Do you have any equipment for testing quality?" Chen Xiang wanted to ask something just now.

"Yes, it’s about the same as the one on the previous test. Very accurate." Xie Qiaoyan said, maybe it was because Chen Xiang had defeated her, which was why she had allowed Chen Xiang to call her "Qiao Qiao", since other people did not have such treatment.

She did this because she wanted to get more familiar with Chen Xiang, because Chen Xiang was a Alchemist that deserved her respect. She wasn’t stupid like him, who clearly knew of his potential.

Now the two of them began to refine pellets. The most important part of refining Dao mark Dan was connecting them to the Spirit grain.

During the competition, this process had to be done very quickly.

Chen Xiang used the Magic method furnace to refine it. This was also the biggest challenge he faced since he used the Magic method furnace to refine the pellet, because he wanted to use the Magic method furnace to refine the two Crash s.

At the beginning, when Chen Xiang released the flames, she quickly refined all the medicinal ingredients, and shone with a light unique to medicinal ingredients. This kind of colorful light enveloped the entire secret room, causing Xie Qiaoyan to exclaim in surprise again and again.

Because Xie Qiaoyan had already guessed that she would use Crash method, Chen Xiang was not afraid of being seen by her, because she could also see the process of the collision. She did not have the method of Heavenly Alchemy, so she did not know the process of the collision.

Very quickly, Chen Xiang used the pattern refining method to refine the Spirit grain out of the three herbs, and very quickly, he refined it into a whole.

"So fast." Xie Qiaoyan couldn’t help but exclaim in surprise. It was obvious that she couldn’t do it so quickly herself, and her heart was itching to know how Chen Xiang did it.

Of course, Chen Xiang would not tell her, even though their relationship was pretty good.

"Is it about to start?" Xie Qiaoyan asked. She was currently concocting her own pill, but she was more concerned about the process of Chen Xiang concocting the pill, it was extremely mysterious to her. This was Chen Xiang defeating her secret, she wanted to see how she was defeated.

"Mm, it’s about to start. Prepare your defenses to prevent me from losing control." Chen Xiang said in a serious tone, and then took a deep breath.

Suddenly, a pattern appeared on his palm. It was the pattern of the Black Tortoise Dao.

The Black Tortoise Dao mark had the power of spatial defense. He activated the Dao mark and released a translucent little black tortoise that enveloped the Magic method furnace. This allowed the Magic method furnace to block the shockwave released by the Magic method furnace through spatial isolation.

Otherwise, the Immortal Building would shake.

"Power of Space, this is ..." "Black Tortoise Dao-mark." Xie Qiaoyan was even more shocked now. In her eyes, people who had the Heavenly beast Dao mark were all terrifying figures in legends.

Chen Xiang had already divided the ball of medicinal liquid into eight ball and poured it into his strongest Daoyuan immortal power, causing the ball of medicinal liquid to become even stronger. Then, he would use the Heavenly Alchemy’s method to quickly refine it, and assimilate the power of his own Daoyuan immortal power and medicinal liquid.

"It’s about to begin." After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he let out a low snort, and veins began to bulge on his forehead.

Amongst the Magic method furnace, the eight balls of medicinal liquid around the side of the pill furnace suddenly turned into eight bolts of lightning, rushing towards the middle of the pill furnace.

At the moment of intense collisions, an extremely strong blinding light exploded from the center. Xie Qiaoyan tried her best to open her eyes, she did not want to miss a single moment.

It was only a Crash, Chen Xiang was still very proficient with it. He had frequently refined it in the past, and now that he was using the Dao Dan realm, he could completely control it.

Because of the spatial defense power of the Black Tortoise Dao-mark, there was no sound and no aftershock.