Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"He also told us not to tell you. I think he was worried that you would think too much ..." In short, this guy isn’t really bad. " Huang Jintian said, "That’s right, then what about Hundreds of Flowers Village, Dragon Clan, Nine Heaven School and a few other God Tribes?"

"They’re all hidden..." Chen Xiang briefly described the situation with Long Jiuxiao, allowing him to feel more at ease.

"What about Wu Zhi and the rest? Senior Master, did they come in? " Chen Xiang asked. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"No, I’ve used up all of my Jade money ... I was dissolving it just to get in here. " Huang Jintian laughed: "I came here to look for you. Although we improved very quickly, we levelled up with the help of the two Earthly beast s, now that they have left, our days have become a bit difficult."

"How many of you are there?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It’s been several hundred people already. Along the way, we met many powerful savage beasts and some of them died." Huang Jintian sighed.

"It’s impossible for all of you to come in. If there isn’t enough Dao Dan realm s, it would take a lot of Jade money s to get in!" Chen Xiang said: "How about this, I’ll give you a billion Jade money. You should think of a way to bring them to the Southern Wasteland Demon Forest s.

"It shouldn’t be a problem. One billion is enough for us to use for a very long time." Huang Jintian nodded his head: "You want us to go to Nine Heaven School?"

In Nine Heaven School, for them to be able to obtain the required pellets, the Alchemy team of Hundreds of Flowers Village was extremely strong.

Chen Xiang took out a billion Jade money and gave it to Huang Jintian.

"Oh yeah, we also found Xu Dazhong. This bastard’s luck is really bad, his Purple Yuan Sect appeared in a demon beast nest." Huang Jintian sighed: "It’s a good thing that he’s lucky, that he was able to escape alive, but the others aren’t so lucky!"

Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief: "Luckily he is still alive, otherwise, it would be difficult for me to report to You Qing. He is a smart person, with their advice, you guys will be safer on the road."

Huang Jintian laughed: "Indeed! Oh yeah, little brat, did you meet Undead Divine Race when you came here? "

Chen Xiang also wanted to ask Huang Jintian about this matter, and said: "Your Undead Divine Race is rather evil in this era, I had already killed one before! And that guy is also very strong! "

"Indeed!" Huang Jintian took out his Tianyan god record, opened it and said: "When I came here, many of the missing records have appeared."

"What did they say?" Chen Xiang hurriedly asked, only Huang Jintian himself could see the Tianyan god record.

"Our Undead Divine Race has two factions, one of which wants to cooperate with the Red Spirit Race ... Red Spirit Race is also Evil Spirit Race! " Huang Jintian said: "But the other faction does not agree, and it will take many years for them to fight and cause a ruckus like this ... Finally, after the Natural Law Divine Realm was established, many of the powerful evil spirits of the Evil Spirit Race were suppressed in hell. "

"After that, the Four Clans would seal the entrance to hell. At that time, the Undead Divine Race above Natural Law Divine Realm would send a large group of people to guard the entrance of the Star Law Divine Realm to strengthen the seal. And I am a descendant of those people, and those Undead Divine Race that were sent to the Natural Law Divine Realm were also killed. "

Chen Xiang nodded his head, "I can guess later on, Natural Law Divine Spirit said that after meeting Undead Divine Race, they can break through the restrictions of the Ancient Code and gain great power, resulting in their balance being destroyed. That’s why the gods and spirit race of Natural Law Divine Realm can only come back here."

Huang Jintian laughed and said, "The powerful Divine Spirit Race and Undead Divine Race have also returned after the merging of the two eras, and the current opponents for the Divine Spirit Race and Undead Divine Race are the three great native bank s.

Chen Xiang did not expect himself to be able to strike a balance so easily, he suddenly felt that this must have been arranged by the Heavenly Daos, because the Natural Law Divine Spirit had said before that it would be difficult to fuse the two eras, but he did it so easily.

"Master, I heard that the Undead Divine Race here cannot be counted as my existence? Right? I killed a Undead Divine Race last time. " Chen Xiang asked.

"That’s right, but the Undead Divine Race that came with us can calculate it! Of course, since you are in this city now, you don’t have to be afraid of them. According to what I know, the Undead Divine Race and the Three Great native bank s don’t have a good relationship. " Huang Jintian said: "So if you leave this city in the future, you must be careful."

"Natural Law Divine Spirit seems to have told me before that because of their long lifespans, many of them lived from this era to the Star Law Era! And now the two ages are blending together, so they won’t have two batches of them in this era, will they? But why are there Undead Divine Race s here? " Chen Xiang really couldn’t understand why.

"He doesn’t quite understand. As long as they can survive to the Age of Star Law, they will only be themselves when they come back. They don’t even exist in this world, and those that can survive to the Age of Star Law will not live to see the Age of Star Law, so there must be a Undead Divine Race here." Huang Jintian said.

Following that, Huang Jintian ordered many more dishes, but he could not finish them all.

"I will bring them to the Nine Heaven School before I return! It is really too fast to earn Jade money here, there are tens of millions just by fighting! " Huang Jintian laughed.

Chen Xiang had originally planned to run into other wastelands to look for the Everlasting Mountain, but now it was unnecessary, and the situation wasn’t too bad.

Chen Xiang sent Huang Jintian to the Eternal Life Native Bank in the city and told him to teleport away.

Right now, Chen Xiang also had to cultivate his own forces, so that the three great native bank s wouldn’t be able to defeat the Undead Divine Race and the Evil Spirit Race in the future.

"There are only two days left before the Jiang Clan’s grand gathering. I’ll go watch the show then." Chen Xiang returned to his shop, and when he reached the door, he found Xie Qiaoyan waiting for him there.

"How did you know I was here?" Chen Xiang laughed.

"It won’t be a problem for me. Let’s talk inside!" Xie Qiaoyan said.

Chen Xiang opened the door and followed her in, bringing him to the villa at the back.

"In two days, I will be participating in the Jiang Clan’s Patriarch’s birthday celebration. I am currently living in this city as well." Xie Qiaoyan said: "I am here to pass on the Infinite Dan method to you."

"What a coincidence, I want to participate as well! Right, is the Jiang Clan that powerful? " Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course it’s powerful. The Jiang Family’s Patriarch and the Infinite Divine Mountain’s Leader are good friends ... His relationship with the Ning Family was not bad. In short, as long as these families and sects are not enemies, the relationship between them is fine. " Xie Qiaoyan asked: "Who invited you to go?"

"Jiang Xian, we are friends now." Chen Xiang laughed: "Do you know who this boy is? I keep feeling that he’s very mysterious! "

"It’s actually him!" Xie Qiaoyan frowned: "This guy was kicked out by Limitless. He was originally at the tenth level of the Dao Po realm, but because of his actions in the Limitless Battlefield, he was kicked out after crippling a portion of his cultivation."