Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Hearing Jiang Xian’s past, Chen Xiang was surprised, Jiang Xian had never told him about this matter, but Jiang Xian was still a good person, he felt that there must be a secret behind Jiang Xian’s expulsion.

"Jiang Xian is still considered not bad, he’s just a little aggressive. When we fought in the Infinite Divine Mountain, nine out of ten people who competed with him were heavily injured, and the reason why he was expelled was mainly because he heavily injured the son of an elder." Xie Qiaoyan said, "But we can’t blame him for that.

"Yeah, I even had a fight with him last time." Chen Xiang laughed, he felt that if he wanted to win against Jiang Xian, it shouldn’t be a problem, it would just require him to go all out.

Xie Qiaoyan’s jade-like finger gently touched Chen Xiang’s forehead, passing down the Infinite Dan method to Chen Xiang. There were a lot of content, which added to her comprehension of the Infinite Dan method.

"You promised me, don’t spread this matter, or else both of us would be in trouble. Also, tell me what kind of comprehension you have towards the Infinite Dan method." Xie Qiaoyan felt that Chen Xiang’s pill techniques were much more powerful than hers, so she was not worried about this matter.

Right now, she was only doing so to allow herself to better grasp the Infinite Dan method.

"This Infinite Dan method doesn’t seem to be complete!" Chen Xiang quickly found the problem.

"Why do you say that?" Xie Qiaoyan hurriedly asked: "I had the same question before, but I’ve asked the elders of the Limitless Pill Dao, and they all said that my comprehension ability was not good enough, which was why they felt that way."

"It’s all bullshit!" Chen Xiang said: "You have many incomplete mental cultivation methods in this Infinite Dan method, and only a part of it, so when you use these methods, no matter how you try, you would never succeed."

Xie Qiaoyan nodded his head: "I didn’t expect you to finish digesting it so quickly. It’s true, what’s going on?"

"Those elders definitely did not give you the complete version. They must have been careful." Chen Xiang said. There were very few methods in the Infinite Dan method, so it was much less than his own.

Chen Xiang felt that this Infinite Dan method was extremely familiar, and it was obvious that it was created using a part of the Heavenly Alchemy, so after Xie Qiaoyan passed down the mental cultivation method to him, he could immediately feel that there was a huge problem.

"Have you tried using all of your hearts?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I tried, but at most, I could only use it with all my heart. I felt that it was too ethereal, maybe it was just an exaggeration, that’s why I wrote it like that." Xie Qiaoyan said.

"That’s fine!" Chen Xiang said: "This mental cultivation method of yours has been simplified before, but when it is simplified, go to the most important place! Thus, I guess controlling five pill furnaces at the same time would be extremely taxing. Furthermore, not to mention the slow speed, the quality of the pills you produce wouldn’t be high either! "

"That’s right, how do you know it’s been streamlined? I can’t tell! " Xie Qiaoyan thought for a while, then asked, "Do you have the complete version?"

"I’ve given you the rest of the broken parts, take a look yourself and see how big of a gap there is between you and the original! As I said before, I am only curious about the Infinite Dan method. " After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he tapped the center of Xie Qiaoyan’s forehead with his finger, and then giggled as he looked at her pair of ice-cold yet beautiful eyes.

Being looked at by Chen Xiang at such a close distance, Xie Qiaoyan let out a light snort, and then, closed her eyes to look at the Infinite Dan method Chen Xiang had passed on to her.

She had even thought that Chen Xiang was only trying to make up for his lack of talent, but he had actually made up for all the other areas. She had already studied the Infinite Dan method many times, there were many areas that she did not understand previously, and she had not even succeeded in using any of the techniques.

But now that she saw the complete version that Chen Xiang gave her, all those difficult problems were easily solved.

Chen Xiang only filled in all the missing mental cultivation methods in the Infinite Dan method for her, and then added a little of his own annotation.

Right now, Chen Xiang was very sure that the Infinite Dan method was copied from the Heavenly Alchemy, although it was so, Xie Qiaoyan had used it extremely well, allowing her to have a very high attainments in pill refining. This was something that Chen Xiang was extremely impressed with.

"Why can you help me fill in the gaps?" Xie Qiaoyan was very curious about this.

Chen Xiang smiled as he shook his head, telling Xie Qiaoyan that he could not tell her this.

"That is my secret! In the future, I might be able to tell you, your Infinite Dan method is already complete, I hope that you can improve your pill techniques a little, and at that time, we can compete with you again. " Chen Xiang laughed.

"Thank you!" Xie Qiaoyan was extremely glad for her decision back then. Otherwise, she would have to continue bitterly study the incomplete Infinite Dan method. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Chen Xiang giving her the complete Infinite Dan method was too useful to her.

"Do you mind if I stay here for the next two days?" Xie Qiaoyan asked.

"How could I possibly mind if you were able to stay with me, a beauty like you?" Chen Xiang laughed, he felt that it was enough to deal with girls, especially those that were obsessed with pill refining, it was a piece of cake for him.

Xie Qiaoyan merely snorted, and did not say much. This meant that she had kissed Chen Xiang yet again, and that Chen Xiang had spoken that way just now to probe her.

"Qiao Yan, are you going to forge a pill now?" Chen Xiang asked.

Yes, I want to try to see how the complete Infinite Dan method looks like. Xie Qiaoyan took out a pill furnace: I will concoct pills here, I prefer to concoct pills outside.

Chen Xiang and Xie Qiaoyan were in the same garden, Xie Qiaoyan sat cross legged on the soft grass, surrounded by beautiful flowers, the environment was indeed good, and when refining pills, he did not feel bored either.

"I have the Qingyuan Dan’s medicinal ingredients, do you want to refine them? I will only let you refine it, but the pill will be mine. " Chen Xiang took out a few portions of Qingyuan Dan s’ medicinal ingredients.

"Why do you have so many?" Xie Qiaoyan instantly recognized the Cyan Flower and Primordial Fruit of the Qingyuan Dan.

"I’m really capable! It would be a piece of cake to get some ingredients for this kind of pill. Do you want to refine it? " Chen Xiang said while grinning.

"Of course!" It had been a long time since Xie Qiaoyan last refined a Qingyuan Dan. She was already very surprised that Chen Xiang had a complete Infinite Dan method, but with this kind of medicine, she felt that Chen Xiang’s abilities were much more than normal.

"Qiao Yan, I’ll have my maid accompany you in refining. She is also a pill refiner!" After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he let Chu Hongqing and Yang Xiangyin come out.

Xie Qiaoyan knew that Chen Xiang had bought Yang Xiangyin, but he did not know how to refine pills.

"Hello, Sister Qianyan!" Chu Hongqing and Yang Xiangyin sweetly greeted Xie Qiaoyan.

"Hongqing, you and Qiao Yan will compete. Let’s see who is stronger." Chen Xiang laughed.