Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chu Hongqing and Yang Xiangyin entered the You Yao Mountain Villa, they did not like being in front of everyone right now. Then, Chen Xiang followed Xie Qiaoyan to the Three Lives native bank.

This was the first time Chen Xiang had entered the Three Lives native bank. This Three Lives native bank was extremely luxurious, no matter if it was the outside or the inside, they were all decorated brilliantly with gold and jade. When he entered the Three Lives native bank’s great hall, he was pierced by the golden light in his eyes.

The ground and top were paved with gold, and the decorations were magnificent.

"The Eternal Life Native Bank is lacking a lot in this area!" Chen Xiang lamented.

"Eternal Life Native Bank is still considered normal, the worst should be the Lifeless native bank. You probably have never been to the Lifeless native bank." The moment Xie Qiaoyan entered, he took out the Communication jade Symbol paper and said: "We’re on the sixth floor, let’s go up."

Usually, they would compete in pill refining on the floors above native bank, because there were many Alchemist that were gathered there, and there was also native bank that guaranteed fairness.

When Chen Xiang and Xie Qiaoyan arrived, many people were surprised, their focus was also on Chen Xiang, because Xie Qiaoyan had lost to Chen Xiang, so everyone thought that Xie Qiaoyan would definitely resent him for that. They never thought that they would actually come together, and even walk so close, their relationship seemed to be not bad.

When Ning Quan saw that Chen Xiang had such a good relationship with his own master, he felt extremely uncomfortable. Huang Tian, who was beside Ning Quan, was even more jealous, he never thought that Chen Xiang would not only specially take in female slaves, but also have a hand in this kind of strong and cold beauty.

Ning Quan was not surprised, he had definitely come here to place his bet on the Jade money, but he did not know who he was betting with, and this Three Lives native bank would definitely open the competition for this competition.

"Martial Uncle, why are you with him?" Ning Quan immediately asked: "This guy is not a good person!"

Chen Xiang immediately laughed: "Your Junior Master is currently living in my villa, and your relationship with me is not bad. Don’t carelessly slander me."

Ning Quan originally wanted to say something, but after coming in contact with Xie Qiaoyan’s ice-cold gaze, he did not dare to say anymore. Xie Qiaoyan was actually in Chen Xiang’s villa! He thought about it and felt that it was understandable. Xie Qiaoyan had been defeated by Chen Xiang.

"Was it you who challenged me?" Xie Qiaoyan looked at a man dressed in luxurious blue clothes.

"That’s right!" the man said, looking a little haughty. Of course, his eyes were burning with passion. With one look, one could tell that he had ulterior motives towards such a noble and cold woman like Xie Qiaoyan.

"Xie Qiaoyan, he is the grandson of the Sky Harmony Sect’s Leader s, his name is Qiao Yu, and the recommended divine pellet in his hands is given by the Sky Harmony Sect’s Leader s. But don’t think that he got the recommended divine pill because of his grandfather. " An old man said.

Chen Xiang guessed that the old man was the person in charge of the Dan God List of Eight Wastelands, so it was obvious that there would be such a person by his side.

"It doesn’t matter, we just need two billion Jade money!" Xie Qiaoyan said.

On the way here, Chen Xiang had also understood that if he were to lose, he would need to pay two billion Jade money, but if Xie Qiaoyan lost, he would only give up the position of Dan God List of Eight Wastelands.

This was one of the benefits of being in the Dan God List of Eight Wastelands, as there would be people who would challenge him often. As long as he was not defeated, there would be Jade money to fight with, and it would also increase his reputation.

"How about Dao Gu Dan s?" Qiao Yu asked.

"A high-grade king level martial artist, are you actually quite confident?" Xie Qiaoyan said: "The time limit of six hours is the highest in terms of overall quality. Should I use my own pill furnace or native bank’s?"

"Use your own furnace." Qiao Yu said. After all, when refining pills, his own pill furnace could help him stabilise and be a part of his strength.

"I heard that a high-grade king level Dao Gu Dan is extremely difficult to refine. It will be refined in six hours!" Chu Hongqing said from within the You Yao Mountain Villa: "I wonder how high the overall quality will be!" Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Xie Qiaoyan was using the mysterious wooden pill furnace, so Chen Xiang felt that it shouldn’t be a problem for her to use the pill furnace.

"Chen Xiang, you are also a gambler now, aren’t you going to bet?" Ning Quan who was standing opposite of him asked.

"Betting?" Isn’t this betting on Xie Qiaoyan winning? Even if I win, I will lose very little. " Chen Xiang shook his head: "He’s too young, it’s not fun."

"No, there are very few people who can win against Junior Master this time, because they all think highly of Qiao Yu! If you win, it’ll be 1: 50. " Ning Quan said.

"Oh? Then did you buy it? " Chen Xiang asked again.

"No, my judgement isn’t that good." Ning Quan shook his head.

This villa was opened by the Three Lives native bank, and they actually did not think highly of Xie Qiaoyan, it must be because Qiao Yu had some tricks up his sleeves.

Chen Xiang anxiously ran over to an old man and said: "I bought two billion Jade money, if I bought the right one, it would be ten billion, right?"

Everyone was shocked, Chen Xiang actually bought that many in one go! Just now, Ning Quan had already told them that there were not many people who bought Xie Qiaoyan, which meant that they did not have high hopes for him!

"Yes, are you sure you want to buy it?" the old man asked.

"I’m sure!" Chen Xiang took out two billion Jade money and obtained a piece of jade. If Xie Qiaoyan won, he would be able to receive ten billion Jade money from this piece of jade.

Xie Qiaoyan frowned his eyebrows, and sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang: "You are too reckless, this Qiao Yu has some skills, and his Sky Sect is also skilled in pill refining, it is said that his grandfather once defeated the number one pill god of our Limitless Pellet Dao."

"Qiao Yan, I have confidence in you. You have obtained the complete version of the Infinite Dan method." Chen Xiang laughed: "Don’t lose, I bought two billion Jade money s from you."

"Then let’s begin!" The old man said.

Chen Xiang secretly used the God’s Eye Dao to observe inside the pill furnace. He wanted to see what kind of skill this Qiao Yu had, to actually have so many people thinking that he could defeat Xie Qiaoyan.

Ning Quan came to Chen Xiang’s side, and said in a low voice: "Chen Xiang, you definitely do not understand the Sky Sect!"

Chen Xiang nodded, then laughed: "Not bad, but I know your Junior Master very well, that’s enough!"

Ning Quan scoffed, "You and my Junior Master are so close, you should be careful."

"What’s there to be careful about? I don’t need to worry about getting revenge here." Chen Xiang looked at Huang Tian, and laughed: "Otherwise, that bastard would have already killed me! On the other hand, you, you don’t have that much confidence in your own martial uncle, but you really are trying to take advantage of the enemy! You must have bought that guy to win, right? "

"Qiao Yu’s grandfather is the number two in Dan God List of Eight Wastelands. Previously, the number two in Dan God List of Eight Wastelands was the Limitless Pill Dao’s Great Elder. But Qiao Yu’s cultivation is the same as my Senior Master, he must have obtained his grandfather’s inheritance, and it’s hard to say whether my Senior Master will be able to obtain the entire inheritance of the Limitless Pill. " Ning Quan was actually quite familiar with the matters of the Limitless Pill Dao.