Chen Xiang and Xie Qiaoyan looked in the direction that Jiang Yingqi pointed. There, a white-haired old man wearing a Taiji yin and yang map robe was conversing with a few other elders.

"In the past, Infinite Master of the Limitless Pill Dao was ranked second, but later on, he was defeated by Qiao Wushuang. However, later on, Infinite Master also defeated third place, and was still ranked third in the Dan God List of Eight Wastelands." Jiang Xian said.

"Then what about the first? Why didn’t they go for the first place! " Chen Xiang asked.

"The one ranked first is very mysterious, I only know that he is called Kong Ming. He did not have any background, but his pill techniques are very superb. Grandmaster Wu Shuang and Infinite Master both lost miserably to him." Jiang Yingqi said.

Xie Qiaoyan also nodded his head, "And it rarely appears even when it’s fake for so many years! Everyone would also dare to challenge him, because he would have to pay a huge price. As for what the price is, I will have to ask the person in charge of the Dan God List of Eight Wastelands in charge to know. "

Jiang Xian patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder, and laughed: "Master Shen, with so many masters present, do you feel pressured?"

Chen Xiang chuckled: "I don’t feel the slightest bit of pressure, but I am looking forward to fighting with Mr. Qiao Kun as soon as possible!"

A lot of people gradually came over, and everyone sat at their seats. Chen Xiang, Xie Qiaoyan and Jiang Xian all sat at the same table.

At this time, Jiang Yingqi had also walked up to the raised platform constructed above the great hall. After exchanging some polite words, he publicly expressed his gratitude to Xie Qiaoyan for the Beauty Emperor Pill he gave to him, allowing him to regain his middle-aged appearance.

His current fame was so great, and was also paid much attention to by the masters. After all, Chen Xiang had defeated Xie Qiaoyan before, and even won over that many Jade money, and now, he was even prepared to bet ten billion with Qiao Kun!

"Today, two of my friends on the stage will compete and refine a Dao mark Dan just to cheer this old man on. Although it is a relatively ordinary Dao mark Dan, it will be the highest quality furnace that they have ever refined." Jiang Yingqi laughed loudly: "Now, I invite Master Qiao and Master Shen to come up!"

Chen Xiang and Qiao Kun immediately walked over, and cupped their hands to everyone on the stage.

"In order to increase the pressure on themselves, they all took out ten billion Jade money to gamble, and this might be the richest bet in the city. If I can personally witness this at my birthday banquet, it would be a very generous congratulatory gift." Jiang Yingqi laughed openly.

This matter had already spread since yesterday, so the match between Chen Xiang and Chen Xiang was also the focus of attention today!

At this time, Qiao Wushuang walked up as well. Just as he walked up, the Infinite Master of the Limitless Pill Dao also came up.

"Grandmaster Wu Shuang and Infinite Master are currently ranked second or third in Dan God List of Eight Wastelands. With them watching the competition on the spot, we can guarantee a fair certificate." Jiang Yingqi then asked the two masters: "I’ll leave this to you two!"

"Before the competition, both parties have an hour to adjust their state of mind!" Qiao Wushuang said blandly. He was Qiao Kun’s father, a Leader of the Skylands Sect. Even though his voice was calm, it carried a sense of majesty.

That Grandmaster Wushuang did not say anything. He just stood to the side and watched.

Mr. Qiao Kun is also from the top of the Dan God List of Eight Wastelands. Although he is only ranked fifteenth, he has been ranked since many years ago. He definitely has improved a lot over the years, and even his son has challenged Xie Qiaoyan. This was what Ning Quan had said.

Furthermore, he entered the Dan God List of Eight Wastelands a lot earlier than Xie Qiaoyan. It’s just that for the past few years, he didn’t want to challenge the higher ranks, otherwise his ranking would have been even higher. "

was Qiao Yu’s father when they competed. Furthermore, he was an extremely famous master, so he might be able to refine a single pellet at least five thousand of them, if it was four or five of the Dao mark Dan, the total quality would be twenty thousand. "

"It seems that after the three great native bank s have built the city, it’s time for the Dan God List of Eight Wastelands to be updated. Many masters have made great progress, and their rankings are also from long ago."

"Everyone should not underestimate Chen Xiang. He is still very young right now, and his cultivation is still in the early stages of the Dao Dan realm.

Everyone was discussing, after all this era was dominated by pills, otherwise the Alchemist above the Dan God List of Eight Wastelands would not be called a master. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Chen Xiang took out the Heavenly furnace. He felt that the Heavenly furnace was enough to handle today’s competition! Of course, if Qiao Wushuang and Infinite Master were not by his side, he would have taken out his Chuangshi god furnace.

"This pill furnace looks a little familiar!" Jiang Yingqi suddenly said, and then he walked up the stage.

"Can I take a look?" Jiang Yingqi asked.

"Of course you can. In any case, I’ll have the two master check it out later!" Chen Xiang smiled slightly.

Qiao Wushuang and Infinite Master also frowned slightly, because the pattern on the outside of the pill furnace looked very mysterious.

"Sure enough!" Jiang Yingqi exclaimed: What’s the name of this pill furnace?

"Heavenly furnace!" Chen Xiang said.

Qiao Wushuang and Infinite Master were startled, their faces full of shock!

"This is Long Jiuxiao’s work!" Infinite Master quickly replied: "But he has already been missing for many years. In the past, he was Eternal Life Native Bank’s famous money maker."

"He’s also a very terrifying dragon!" Qiao Wushuang frowned: "How did you obtain this pill furnace?"

"I picked it up!" Chen Xiang said.

Qiao Wushuang and Infinite Master both had looks of disbelief. How could this be picked up so easily?

"Ah Kun, take out your pill furnace." Qiao Wushuang said.

Qiao Kun immediately took out a Three-legged Pill Furnace. It looked like a cauldron, but it was not.

"This is the Jutian Dan Ding!" Jiang Yingqi was surprised: "Grandmaster Wushuang, this is the cauldron you used to concoct pills!"

"I’ve already passed it on to A’Kun!" Qiao Wushuang said.

"Junior is ill-informed, may I ask if this Jutian Dan Ding is powerful?" Chen Xiang looked at the extremely ancient cauldron that he was facing.

"This is a Heavenly artifact!" Qiao Wushuang said indifferently: "It’s much stronger than your Heavenly furnace!"

"So that’s how it is!" Chen Xiang praised: "I also have a Heavenly artifact, but that thing is too small, and can’t be used to refine pills. Senior Wushuang’s Jutian Dan Ding is truly envious of the younger generation!"

Chen Xiang actually had a Heavenly artifact as well? This was something like a phoenix feather or a qilin horn, and there were only a handful of people in the entire Wasteland who had such a thing, even Chen Xiang, the guy from the Dao Dan realm, had one!

"Can you broaden my horizons!?" Jiang Yingqi asked quickly.