Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Huang Tian also had three Longevity Heavenly Fruits, and right now Huang Tian needed a girl with a high cultivation as the cultivation furnace. So when he saw that Xie Qiaoyan was captured and sealed, he suggested a condition, and used the three Longevity Heavenly Fruits in exchange for Xie Qiaoyan!

But they still gave Xie Qiaoyan the last chance. If Xie Qiaoyan was willing to hand over the Longevity Heavenly Fruit in his hands, they wouldn’t need to use her to exchange with Huang Tian.

"Stop dreaming, even if I die, I will not lower my head to you bastards!" Xie Qiaoyan’s voice was ice-cold and his eyes were filled with stubbornness, but there was also despair.

Xie Qiaoyan was extremely suitable for his cultivation, if he were to dual cultivate with Xie Qiaoyan, his cultivation would definitely increase even faster!

Right now, he had a very high chance of obtaining Xie Qiaoyan, because those three big shots of the Infinite Divine Mountain all wanted the Longevity Heaven Fruit very badly. For the sake of the Longevity Heaven Fruit, they actually used a strong method to force Xie Qiaoyan to hand it over.

"Huang Tian, you don’t have to worry. We won’t let her die. We also know that after she dies, we won’t get anything!" Infinite Master said, "We have already sealed all of her power, it won’t be that easy for her to die."

"Pill Dao Elder, you should exchange with Huang Tian now in case something else happened." The one who spoke was an old man with a lot of wrinkles on his face.

"Elder Zhan Dao, what do you think?" Infinite Master asked.

"We’ll do as Leader says! It’s not like we don’t know Xie Qiaoyan’s personality. " The fighting elder sneered. This was also an old man whose face was covered in layers of wrinkles.

Chen Xiang was also very angry in his heart. They actually sold Xie Qiaoyan to Huang Tian just like that, for their own selfish ends, they were actually able to do such a shameless thing.

Huang Tian took out a jade box, laughed and said: "The three seniors are straightforward indeed, I will give you two Longevity Fruits first, and when Xie Qiaoyan gets to me, I will give you the remaining one!"

Just as Huang Tian finished his sentence, a hand appeared in the air!

This was Chen Xiang’s hand. He used his spatial energy and had his hand reach out to grab the jade box.

"Who is it? Quick, catch him! " Huang Tian immediately shouted in alarm as a powerful aura surged out from his body.

Ning Quan was also looking around vigilantly, but he did not see anything.

Limitless Leader’s voice was cold as he said: "Who is the expert? Don’t sneak around, hurry up and come out. The consequences of harming our Infinite Divine Mountain are extremely serious! "

"You scoundrels, are just a joke in my eyes, haha ..." Chen Xiang’s voice suddenly came out, shocking both Ning Quan and Huang Tian.

"Quick, look at Xie Qiaoyan ..." Huang Tian reacted and quickly shouted.

Xie Qiaoyan was located in the middle of the Infinite Divine Mountain’s three Great Leaders, but when Huang Tian shouted, Xie Qiaoyan and the three array discs disappeared.

"It’s the Space Laws!" Chen Xiang, if you know what’s good for you, hand over Xie Qiaoyan and the Heavenly Longevity Fruit immediately, or else you’ll definitely suffer a terrible end. "

"This daddy has heard too much of these bullshit. It’s you old bastards who are about to enter their coffins that even left behind a curse before you die!" You all better not enter the Divine City created by the three great native bank s. I guarantee that after you all enter, there will be a lot of words that will scold you all until your heads will be drenched in dog blood. "

Chen Xiang’s appearance was unexpected, and the three big shots of the Infinite Divine Mountain did not understand. They had clearly sealed the space, but Chen Xiang was still able to bring Xie Qiaoyan away through the seal.

This group of people in the valley weren’t weak either, but Chen Xiang’s cultivation was extremely low. He was actually saved by Chen Xiang in front of so many people, and Huang Tian nearly vomited blood.

What made him so angry that he almost fainted was that he was about to get the beauty Xie Qiaoyan right away, but Chen Xiang appeared again, ruined his plans!

"Brother Huang, are you alright?" Ning Quan immediately went to support Huang Tian.

"I... "I’m fine..." Huang Tian took a deep breath and covered his chest with one hand.

"Huang Tian, your son Huang Xiaotian has already been killed by me!" Chen Xiang’s voice came from the sky, indicating that he was still in the vicinity.

Huang Tian had already caught his breath, but after hearing this news, he couldn’t help but spit out a mouthful of blood.

"Chen Xiang, I must kill you, I must!" Huang Tian’s voice was filled with hatred and anger.

"Split up and search, he must not find it, he still has two Heavenly artifact on him!" Infinite Master shouted, and then everyone split up and moved.

Chen Xiang was currently hiding inside the Small tree fairy’s Divine Sense Sea World. He had already pulled Xie Qiaoyan out from within the seal and the seal formed by the three array discs was still very strong.

"Thank you!" Xie Qiaoyan heaved a long sigh of relief, but her face was currently pale white. When she was sealed, Divine Sense Sea’s power was also suppressed, but she had already gradually recovered, and her face had regained its vitality.

"It’s good that you’re fine!" Chen Xiang chuckled, "You should be more considerate in the future!"

"What is this place?" Xie Qiaoyan nodded her head, seeing the smile on Chen Xiang’s face, she felt more at ease. Previously, she thought she was done for.

"Inside a tree. We’re safe now." Chen Xiang had already ordered the Small tree fairy to leave the valley.

Chen Xiang took out the jade box that he had bought from Huang Tian. Inside the box were three fist-sized fruits that looked like emeralds.

"This is the Eternal Heaven Fruit!" Chen Xiang praised: "As expected, it’s a good thing. Don’t you have three as well?" Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Xie Qiaoyan nodded her head as she took out a small tree and said, "I had discovered the fruit tree long ago. When I was fighting with a savage beast, Huang Tian came over immediately.

"Hehe, it’s all ours now!" Chen Xiang laughed: "Those bastards must be very sad right now."

"En!" Xie Qiaoyan smiled slightly, she was truly very happy, and this was the first time Chen Xiang had seen her smile.

"Take the fruit and give me the little tree, okay?" The Small tree fairy suddenly said.

"Who is it?" Xie Qiaoyan suddenly became alert.

"Qiao Yan, he is the Small tree fairy, we are currently in his Divine Sense Sea World, we are extremely safe here! Just give him that tree. " Chen Xiang said.

Xie Qiaoyan was saved by Chen Xiang, and after knowing that the Small tree fairy also saved her, she gave the tree to the Small tree fairy without hesitation.