Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The Small tree fairy did not let Chen Xiang go out because he sensed danger and could tell from his voice.

"Then how is Xue Ying now?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously: "What other things are here?"

"Two... I don’t know what it is that I can’t see, but I can feel it. Phoenix seems to have sensed it too, but she is currently very calm! "

"Something invisible?" Chen Xiang was shocked, only the Evil Spirit Race had such a ability: "Let me out!"

The Evil Spirit Race was not easy to deal with. Chen Xiang was very worried, the Small tree fairy originally did not plan to let Chen Xiang out, because it was too dangerous. It was the same for Long Shuangru and Xie Qiaoyan.

"All of you enter the You Yao Mountain Villa first. You can come out when you are needed!" Seeing his serious expression, Xie Qiaoyan and Long Shuangru could only listen to him.

This was Xie Qiaoyan’s first time entering the You Yao Mountain Villa, but she already knew that Yang Xiangyin and Chu Hongqing were here.

Chen Xiang used the Counter Power to make himself invisible, and then left the Small tree fairy’s Divine Sense Sea World.

Coming outside, he immediately used the Dao heart Eye and saw two red figures. He was extremely careful and did not get discovered by the two powerful Evil Spirits.

Xue Ying was dressed in white, her long hair hanging in front of her chest, her face was cold and beautiful, her body carried a faint amount of might, her beautiful eyes were filled with a sharp light, exuding a domineering aura, after all, she was a phoenix! Among the Heavenly beast, the number of phoenixes was even less than that of dragons!

The current Xue Ying looked mature and cold. The first time Chen Xiang saw her, there was a huge difference!

"It seems like you came here specifically for me?" Xue Ying’s voice carried a trace of disdain, "Do you really think you have the power to swallow me?"

Chen Xiang used the Dao heart Eye to stare at the two red figures. He did not know why Xue Ying had become so strong, but he felt that it had something to do with this Spirit Wasteland!

"What about me?" A yellow-haired old man suddenly appeared, causing Chen Xiang to be startled, because he did not know how this old man appeared.

The moment the yellow haired old man appeared, Xue Ying released a strong wave of heat, but the heat wave was concentrated on the two Evil Spirit Race s and the yellow haired old man.

"You are just a little girl who has just obtained the power of an old phoenix. Do you think we are that easy to deal with? We will definitely be able to take you down today! " The yellow-haired old man laughed loudly.

"Hmph, you all are too arrogant!" As Xue Ying spoke, a flaming sword appeared in her hand, and she instantly appeared beside one of the Evil Spirit Race.

She could actually see the invisible Evil Spirit Race!

"Can she see me?" Chen Xiang was suspicious, but he was sure that the yellow haired old man and the two Evil Spirit Race did not know that he was here.

Right now, Chen Xiang was sure that the yellow-haired old man was from the Undead Divine Race. They should be here to capture the phoenix, not for Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang knew that even if he could get close, he would not be able to successfully launch a sneak attack. Even though his Heavenly magic sword was sharp, but because the difference in strength between him and his opponent was too great, it was unable to break his opponent’s defense.

However, he was extremely worried for Xue Ying. He sent a sound transmission to the Small tree fairy and asked, "Small tree fairy, do you think that together with Shuang Ru and her, they would be able to deal with that yellow-haired old man?"

Xue Ying had already started to fight with the two invisible Evil Spirit Race s, but the yellow-haired old man did not do anything, it was clear that he felt that there was no need to do anything now.

"The yellow-haired old man isn’t weak. If those two women join hands, then it would be very difficult for them, unless they have a way to divert his attention." The Small tree fairy said.

"If I seal him for an instant, will he succeed?" Chen Xiang asked.

"If you cooperate well with Shuang Ru and you can seal the yellow-haired old man for an instant, then taking him down shouldn’t be a problem." The Small tree fairy said.

Chen Xiang immediately sent a sound transmission to Xie Qiaoyan and Long Shuangru, telling them to prepare their moves, that they had to be fast, and that they wanted to kill Xie Qiaoyan in one shot!

Xie Qiaoyan and Long Shuangru both had a lot of battle experience, so they were confident that they could succeed and cooperate with Chen Xiang to make a beautiful sneak attack! Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Chen Xiang secretly activated the Daoyuan immortal power and Natural Law Principles that he had at his disposal, he was prepared to use the entire strength of the Six Realms mirrors!

There were many powerful sealing formations inside the Six Realms mirrors!

"Get ready!" After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he used his spatial energy to move the Six Realms mirrors below the yellow-haired old man, and then activated the Six Realms mirrors to release the formation.

In that instant, he teleported next to the yellow-haired old man and summoned Xie Qiaoyan and Long Shuangru out of the You Yao Mountain Villa.

When the yellow-haired old man sensed a spatial ripple, he immediately became alert, but when he was alert, he found that he could not move at all, following that, Chen Xiang appeared beside him, accompanied by two aggressive looking women.

Long Shuangru and Xie Qiaoyan activated an extremely strong Daoyuan immortal power at the same time. Although it was just one Ice and one Fire, they were very skilled in using the Laws, being able to fuse ice and fire, and then thrusting the Daoyuan immortal power into the yellow-haired old man’s head!

The yellow-haired old man’s mind shook from the strike, the Daoyuan immortal power that he was using was also scattered, while Chen Xiang continued to summon his Six Realms mirrors, at the same time throwing his Heavenly magic sword over to Long Shuangru!

Long Shuangru took the Heavenly magic sword and hacked at the yellow-haired old man. In a moment, dozens of swords slashed across, chopping the Heavenly magic sword into many small pieces!

Chen Xiang took out the Chuangshi god furnace and stored all the pieces into the Chuangshi god furnace!

"Done!" Chen Xiang said excitedly, then used the power of God’s Eye to transmit what he saw into Long Shuangru’s and Xie Qiaoyan’s eyes.

This way, they could see the Evil Spirit Race and go help Xue Ying!

"Sister Shuang Ru, Chen Xiang! "Why are you guys here?" Xue Ying was very happy, without the yellow haired old man, the pressure on her was greatly reduced, she also noticed that although she did not know Xie Qiaoyan, but from her understanding of Chen Xiang, she knew that he was the woman that Chen Xiang knew.

With Long Shuangru and Xie Qiaoyan joining the battle, the three girls quickly killed the two powerful Evil Spirit Race s and ended the battle.

"Xue Ying, you left without saying anything. We are worried to death about you!" Long Shuangru scolded as she pinched Xue Ying’s jade face.

"At that time, I was also in a daze. I came here based on my senses, and then I experienced some things. I obtained the inheritance of the Ancient Phoenix ... "I also know a few things. After flying around here, I met those guys." Xue Ying was also somewhat guilty: "I’m really sorry for making you worry!"

"It’s good that you’re fine!" Chen Xiang laughed: "I’m not used to your current appearance, but you look a lot better!"

"Am I not good-looking to begin with?" Xue Ying smiled sweetly and then walked over to Chen Xiang’s side.