Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

This group of people the White Spirit City Lord was facing were indeed from Undead Divine Race and his group.

They only came here with one goal in mind, to find Chen Xiang!

"You and I won’t die, it’s not like you don’t know!" The yellow-robed old man harrumphed.

"You just won’t die of old age, but that doesn’t mean you won’t be killed. The White Spirit City Lord laughed, "What brings you all to this city? I don’t really welcome you all! "

"So what if you don’t welcome us? Can you stop us from entering the city? What are we doing here? It’s none of your business. " The yellow-robed elder’s attitude was extremely bad, causing the White Spirit City Lord to furrow his brows.

The White Spirit City Lord sighed, "If I do not welcome you all, it means that I do not wish for you all to enter this city. The current me can indeed stop you all from entering! You don’t need to queue up, I won’t let you enter the White Spirit City. "

"Yan Guang, you are not the head of this city, even though you are a City Lord, you are only managing this city. You are breaking the city’s rules, aren’t you afraid that your position in the City Lord will be lost?" The yellow-robed old man said coldly.

"That’s right, this city is not mine. I am just a manager!" Even if the position of the City Lord is not preserved, I will not allow you to enter the city. " Yan Guang laughed, "You guys are not convinced? Come beat me up, I’m not afraid of you hitting me! "

The yellow-robed old man was so angry that his entire body was trembling. He truly did not dare to make a move!

Yan Guang laughed out loud, then took out a chair, and just sat at the city gate, not allowing the yellow-robed elder and the others to enter the White Spirit City.

"Yan Guang, wait for the three Dao Sovereigns of White Spirit City to return. We’ll see what you’ll do!" "Okay, we’ll wait here. If they were here, they wouldn’t let you do anything rash." The yellow-robed old man said angrily.

Seeing their flustered and exasperated expressions, Yan Guang could guess that they had important matters to attend to in the city, and that Yan Guang had grudges with them before, so he stopped them from entering. Seeing their appearances, he was secretly satisfied.

... ....

Chen Xiang was currently training, so he did not know that the people chasing him from the Undead Divine Race were already outside the city gate. However, because he saw that the three great native bank s were inside, he was not too worried, and felt that this city definitely had something to do with the three great native bank s.

In the blink of an eye, two months had passed. Chen Xiang had eaten quite a few Qingyuan Dan before breaking through the third level of Dao Dan realm.

Chen Xiang came out of his room and ordered a table of good dishes. While he was eating, he suddenly heard someone talking about the things outside the city.

"The rarely seen City Lord is actually sitting guard outside of the city for an entire two months. I heard that this is to prevent the guy that I hate from entering Bai Ling."

"Those fellows seem to be from some Undead Divine Race. There were conflicts between the City Lord and them, and when they were at the city gate, they were extremely arrogant. It would be the best if they were not allowed to enter."

"I’m just afraid that the three Dao Sovereigns will return. If we pursue this matter further, the position of City Lord will definitely not be preserved."

After Chen Xiang heard this, he never thought that such a thing would actually happen. There were actually rankers who became enemies with the Undead Divine Race. Although he had never met Yan Guang before, he immediately felt that Yan Guang was traveling the same path as him.

He hastily finished all the food and drinks on the table and then headed to the entrance of the city. Sure enough, he saw thirty to fifty people sitting on chairs he had brought along with him outside the city.

Yan Guang sat on the left wall of the huge city gate. He was dressed in white, leisurely drinking tea and humming a song.

"Chen Xiang!" Just as he was about to rush over, Yan Guang looked at him and immediately stopped in his tracks.

The yellow-robed elder was from the Undead Divine Race, moreover, he came from the same generation as Chen Xiang, so he could calculate where Chen Xiang was.

Chen Xiang had changed his appearance, but the other party was still able to see it. When he saw the yellow-robed elder not daring to enter, he understood that the city had very strict rules. If they were not allowed to enter, they would not dare to enter.

Yan Guang also looked at the person standing behind him. At this time, he was shocked to realize that this person’s appearance was changing.

Chen Xiang changed back to his original appearance, then looked at the yellow-robed elderly man outside, and laughed: "Not bad, you dog dogs, you guys, are really just like dogs. To be able to follow me here and bark twice, I still haven’t heard what a humanoid dog’s bark looks like!" Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"You ..." The yellow-robed elder’s face and eyes twitched, he was extremely furious and wanted to slap Chen Xiang to death.

"Oh right, you guys were just killed three times, right? One of them belonged to the Undead Divine Race, and the other two were from some Evil Spirit Race. They died quite miserably, and their bodies were not complete. Chen Xiang laughed. The more furious the other party was, the happier he would be.

"I will kill you!" The yellow-robed old man had a ferocious expression as he angrily shouted. However, he did not dare to enter the city gate.

"Come on, come on, kill me if you dare!" If he didn’t come, it would be a puppy. Right, you’re an old dog now! It should be said that if you don’t come, you’re a turtle, little turtle! " Chen Xiang laughed.

Yan Guang was also stunned, he did not even dare to provoke the other party, and Chen Xiang, this little kid from the Dao Dan realm, actually did not care about his life! However, he seemed to have guessed something. The death of three Undead Divine Race s was definitely related to Chen Xiang.

The three elders of the Infinite Divine Mountain were also furious at this moment. The Infinite Master shouted angrily, "Chen Xiang, quickly hand over the Heavenly Longevity Fruit or else, if you are caught by us, I guarantee that you will suffer a fate worse than death."

"You three old bastards, if you have the guts, come and capture me. Do you want me to live a life worse than death? I’m right in front of you, but you guys don’t dare to come over ... Of course, if even this old dog in front of you doesn’t dare to come in, then you three old bastards will even more so. " Chen Xiang placed his hands on his waist and laughed out loud.

As he said that, Chen Xiang took out a Heavenly Longevity Fruit and crushed it while laughing. This made everyone curse in their hearts;

Yan Guang also took in a deep breath. This Heavenly Longevity Fruit was extremely expensive, to actually be crushed like this.

Seeing this scene, Infinite Master had the urge to vomit blood.

"Brat, it’s more or less enough for you. If you anger them to death in front of the White Spirit City’s entrance, then our White Spirit City would be very unlucky." Yan Guang laughed.

"That’s right, I am a kind-hearted person. Who knows, I might have to help them collect their corpses when the time comes!" I’ll leave it to you. I’m going to take a look around the inner city. " Chen Xiang laughed.

"You want to enter the inner city? This may not be good, especially for you right now! " Yan Guang said.