Chen Xiang understood that refining using a normal method would require a lot of time.

"I used the Chuangshi god furnace to trigger the Creation Flames, even if I had to use all my strength, it would take me about a month to refine the two stones." Chen Xiang only had to try for two hours to roughly deduce the situation, so he immediately stopped.

Because the method of directly using fire to refine the pellet was not very practical, Shengdao Dan required a large amount of pellets to begin with, so the refining speed had to be fast, which required at least ten days.

Chen Xiang would need a month to use the extremely terrifying Creation Flame, so the other Alchemist would definitely need even more time.

In order to understand more about this material, Chen Xiang used the Dao heart Eye to look deeper into the stone. After carefully observing for an entire day, he discovered the reason why this stone was hard to refine.

The main reason was that there were many tiny particles inside the stone that formed a natural formation that formed a very powerful barrier around the stone. Chen Xiang had only discovered this after observing for a long time.

"I was born with self-defense skills. There are many similar herbs, but they aren’t as powerful as this rock. This rock is the equivalent of a small defensive array disc ..." Chen Xiang frowned: "Furthermore, it has congealed into a stone state, so it looks like a dao pill."

"The power contained within this rock should not be able to support the operation of such a powerful formation, it should have absorbed the power of the Natural Law Principles. Not bad, this kind of stone should possess the special ability of a Dao pill and be able to absorb the Heavenly Energy of Heaven and Earth, which is why it can maintain the operation of the natural formation inside."

At this time, Chen Xiang took a look at the You Yao Mountain Villa. Chu Hongqing and Yang Xiangyin were carefully taking care of some of the saplings that had just sprouted.

"Hongqing, are these two saplings planted using those stones?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Yes, it’s really strange. These two trees are quite special. I can feel that they are absorbing the Heavenly Energy from these trees." Chu Hongqing said.

Chu Hongqing and Yang Xiangyin were the most clear about the flow of the Heavenly Energy inside, and Chen Xiang could only feel that the Heavenly Energy inside was flowing. He did not know what it was that was absorbing the Heavenly Energy, because he had already planted many medicinal herbs.

Right now, Chen Xiang was sure that this stone was a Tao Dan condensed from plant life, and it was a little special, but after being refined and fused, one could make a person’s Dao Dan realm advance by leaps and bounds.

"It really is a pretty good pill. I must concoct it."

Chen Xiang thought for a while, then his eyes lit up. He thought of a way to use the Crash method.

In the past, when he used the Crash method, he would only use it to clash with the medicinal liquid after refining the medicinal ingredients.

In his eyes, these two stones were as hard as Medicine crystal’s. When he was using the Three Crash, the Medicine crystal was much stronger than this, so he felt that this method could work.

Chen Xiang did not try it immediately. He went out to the courtyard and saw Lu Yuchuan shaking his head and sighing.

"Sigh, this is truly difficult. Even Dao Sovereigns are unable to refine it. How could I possibly refine it?" Seeing Chen Xiang coming out, Lu Yuchuan sighed.

"What kind of reaction would there be if I were to shatter these two stones inside the pill furnace?" Chen Xiang asked: "These two stones are very difficult to refine, maybe it will be easier to destroy them."

"If it were to shatter, the stone would lose its special power and it would be useless." Lu Yuchuan shook his head: "This will not work."

"You tried." Chen Xiang asked again.

"I tried." Lu Yuchuan nodded his head, "Furthermore, it’s not easy to break. I also used a lot of power to break it, and after shattering it, I’ll be similar to a normal rock. Those Dao Sovereigns must have also tried this method before." (TL: UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU))

"When it breaks, would there be an explosion?" Chen Xiang was more worried about this, so he came out to ask. He was worried that it would cause too much of a commotion.

"I don’t know about that, but these stones are quite strange too. After breaking them into pieces, there isn’t much energy that can explode out. Instead, they are very quiet and become useless." Lu Yuchuan said: "I’ll think of another way."

Chen Xiang returned to his room and took out his Chuangshi god furnace.

He was prepared to use the Crash method to refine this Shengdao Dan from the very beginning. After asking Lu Yuchuan if it would produce any strong powers, he was relieved and went to try it.

The red and gold colored stones inside the pill furnace were also wrapped in a wave of Daoyuan immortal power. He would need to release two more sets of Meteor immortal power s later and attach them to the two stones, allowing the two stones to fiercely collide with each other under the force of the extremely strong Meteor immortal power.

"Begin." With just a thought from Chen Xiang, the Meteor immortal power immediately gushed out. In order to be successful, he used a lot of Daoyuan immortal power s and he was also very strong.

The two stones fiercely clashed together, causing the Chuangshi god furnace to sway slightly.

In the instant of impact, golden and red light exploded out, Chen Xiang also anxiously used the Creation Flames to temper the energy that erupted.

What Chen Xiang found inconceivable was that such a violent collision actually did not produce any strong fluctuations. This was completely different from the medicinal ingredients that he had refined in the past.

After the collision, the interior of the pill furnace was covered with a large number of golden and red granules. They were radiating light and rotated in a spiral shape. One gold and one red, they were both extremely beautiful.

When Chen Xiang used the Creation Flame to refine it, those pitiful little things slowly turned into liquid and turned into medicinal liquid. Soon enough, he condensed a gold-red medicinal liquid ball inside the pill furnace.

At this point, he had pretty much succeeded. Chen Xiang was secretly happy, because he took down a type of pill that no one else could refine.

After that, it was a piece of cake. He divided the pellet into five parts and started to condense the pellet. However, it was not easy to condense the pellet. It took him six hours to successfully condense five golden-red pellets. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"This is the Shengdao Dan. I wonder if it has the same effects as the Shengdao Dan. Who exactly created this pill’s formula? The guy who created it can definitely refine it." Chen Xiang could not help but start to ponder, he was curious about the method the creator used to refine the pill, and whether he was like him or not.

Chen Xiang walked out of the room happily, but he did not see Lu Yuchuan. It was already dusk, and he did not know where Lu Yuchuan had gone to, so he could only look for him.

"Chen Xiang, where are you going?" Just as Chen Xiang walked out of the courtyard, he saw Yan Guang and Lu Yuchuan walking over.

"I was just going to look for you." Chen Xiang laughed: "Elder Lu, where did you go?"

"There’s a Alchemist refining Shengdao Dan." Lu Yuchuan said. His face did not look good, but Chen Xiang found it strange. This should be a good thing.