Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had also just refined a Shengdao Dan and this pill was indeed very difficult to refine. Now that there was someone else that could refine it, he was very curious to know what method that person used.

But when he saw Lu Yuchuan’s unsightly expression, it was definitely because of this matter.

"Elder Lu, why are you so unhappy? Isn’t it good for someone to refine a Shengdao Dan?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Not good at all." Lu Yuchuan said with a face filled with anger, he looked as though he had suffered a great grievance.

Chen Xiang looked at Yan Guang, who sighed and said: "Let’s go in, then talk."

Chen Xiang entered the hall with them and poured Lu Yuchuan a cup of tea: "Elder Lu, calm down, don’t take that kind of thing to heart, it’s not good for your mood."

"This guy is too much of a bastard." Elder Lu cursed out, then took a sip of tea. Chen Xiang could only watch from the side.

Yan Guang saw Chen Xiang’s puzzled look, and sighed: "Someone had called over Alchemist like Elder Lu after refining the Shengdao Dan, and that guy had also refined a furnace for us to see. This was originally a good thing ... It’s just that the person who refined the Shengdao Dan was a very proud and arrogant guy. "

At this time, Elder Lu took over and angrily said: "This guy actually wants us to take him as our master, only then is he willing to teach us the method of refining the pill. Moreover, he said that if we can’t refine this kind of pill, even if it’s useless, we should go to the battlefield."

"Furthermore, he even asked the three Dao Sovereigns to bestow upon him the title of Grandmaster. When we meet him, he wants us to respectfully address him as teacher. This bastard ..." The most important thing is that he is pressuring the three Dao Sovereigns. Only when we acknowledge him as our Master will he be willing to teach us the method to refine Shengdao Dan. "

After Chen Xiang heard these words, he frowned, this person was truly too arrogant, he did not teach or teach him, but instead wanted to say something like that, it was as though refining a Shengdao Dan would make him invincible.

"The three Dao Sovereigns are definitely not fools. He definitely won’t force you into a corner, right?" Chen Xiang said.

He will not do it now, but it will be hard to say in the future, because he is in urgent need of Shengdao Dan s and he is the only one who knows how to refine them, so he will definitely not be able to refine them himself. Furthermore, he is unwilling to pass down the techniques to others. Lu Yuchuan said.

"Is this guy really that arrogant?" Chen Xiang laughed: "Let me teach him a lesson, he’s still in the city."

Yan Guang was a little surprised, "Don’t do anything rash. Right now, one of the Dao Sovereigns is inside the city, he is mainly in charge of protecting him. I’m worried that he might be killed by the beasts."

Chen Xiang laughed: "I’m not going to beat him up, I’m just going to frustrate his spirit, and use a more gentle method to compete with him in pill refining, there shouldn’t be any problems, right?"

"The other pills he concocts are terrible, but he knows how to concoct Shengdao Dan. The Dao Sovereigns will definitely treat him as a treasure." Lu Yuchuan shook his head: "So it’s better if I don’t. If I force him to become our disciple, then I will have no choice but to leave the Spirit Wasteland and go somewhere else."

Chen Xiang was clear about the pride of an old Alchemist like Lu Yuchuan. In a matter like this, even if he were to die, he would absolutely not compromise.

"How powerful is he at refining Shengdao Dan? I can coincidentally refine it too. Since he can refine it, then I just happen to have an opponent to compete with." Chen Xiang said.

"What? You really can refine a Shengdao Dan?" Lu Yuchuan asked quickly. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Chen Xiang took out a Shengdao Dan, threw it to Lu Yuchuan, and smiled: "Elder Lu, didn’t you guys see him refining Shengdao Dan before? You should be sure if this is a Shengdao Dan or not, right?"

At the same time, the anger in his heart became a lot more peaceful, because right now, it was not only the person that he hated that could refine Shengdao Dan, Chen Xiang could also refine Shengdao Dan as well.

"Yes, yes, yes, this is the Shengdao Dan." Lu Yuchuan hurriedly nodded: "Yan Guang, come take a look."

Yan Guang had long been by Lu Yuchuan’s side. When he saw that it was the Shengdao Dan, he was pleasantly surprised, and said: "This pill looks much better than the one that guy made."

"That bastard can refine two pellets. Brat, how many pellets can you make in one furnace?" Lu Yuchuan asked.

"You will know soon enough. Let’s go find him now." Chen Xiang smiled mysteriously.

Lu Yuchuan and Yan Guang had just returned and they immediately brought Chen Xiang to the White Spirit Palace. On the way, Chen Xiang had already gathered some information that the bastard Alchemist Lu Yuchuan was talking about was actually a young man named Tanglang who came from a different city.

When Chen Xiang and the others arrived at the great hall of the White Spirit Palace, Yan Guang was in charge of spreading the news. Lu Yuchuan even called quite a few Alchemist s over, including Master Zhang Qi. They were all as angry as Lu Yuchuan at this moment.

Lu Yuchuan summoned so many Alchemist s, in order to make Tanglang lose face. Let’s see how he can still be proud.

Very quickly, Tanglang came out. Although he was handsome, he had a very arrogant look, and when he came, he looked at the Alchemist with disdain, as if looking down on everyone else, making them hate him.

After Tanglang came, just as he was about to say something sarcastic and sarcastic, a black clothed man suddenly appeared, as if he had used spatial energy to teleport over. This caused Chen Xiang to be extremely shocked, and he could tell with a glance that this black clothed man had extremely strong spatial control.

The man in black was wearing a black veil, and only half of his face could be seen. The man in black was wearing a black cloth, and only half of his face could be seen.

"Tanglang, hold back." The voice of the black clothed man made Tanglang snort softly.

Clearly, this black-robed man was one of the three Dao Sovereigns.

"Who refined the Shengdao Dan to compete with me." Tanglang used a gaze that was filled with arrogance, looking at everyone.

"It’s me." Chen Xiang immediately said, with a faint smile on his face, he looked extremely humble and amiable.

"Oh, that’s really out of my expectations. Are you sure you can do it?" Tanglang sneered.

"If you can do it, why can’t I?" Chen Xiang laughed, with a brilliant smile on his face, Tanglang felt extremely uncomfortable.

The woman in black also asked, "Can you really do it?" Her voice was extremely gentle, causing Chen Xiang’s heart to feel at ease.

"Of course." Chen Xiang laughed: "Why don’t I exchange pointers with this Grandmaster Tang, and forge anything with him?"

"Then are you willing to share the art of alchemy? I’ll definitely get a lot of rewards." She actually believed in Chen Xiang just like that.