Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang didn’t know what he needed in return. He had a lot of Jade money s, including other Heavenly artifact s, and even some weapons. He felt that he wasn’t really lacking anything, he was just lacking in strength.

"No, just say what you want. I’ll just give it to you as much as I can." Xia Bailing laughed: "If I have it, I will definitely give it to you. If I feel that I can get it for you, I will also get it for you.

"I didn’t think of that at the moment, how about this! "Give me a few days to think, I want to tell you!" Chen Xiang said.

"Don’t call me old man, be careful that I don’t hit you!" Xia Bailing pretended to be fierce and warned.

"Fine, you can stay in the White Spirit Palace. I’ll give you special privileges, you can enter however you want, and even give you a room!" If you have anything you need, you can also send me a message, just come straight to me. " Xia Bailing gave Chen Xiang a jade token, which he could also pass on to others.

"Thank you, Sister Bai Ling!" Chen Xiang smiled and nodded.

"Good girl!" Xia Bailing rubbed Chen Xiang’s head and chuckled: "Alright, I’m going back to work. You should go cultivate first, you’re really too weak now, I just refined the Shengdao Dan and it’s for you!"

Aside from that, Xia Bailing also gave Chen Xiang quite a few of the Shengdao Dan’s medicinal herbs, and told him to refine them in this secret room.

After Chen Xiang ate a Shengdao Dan, its medicinal power was extremely strong, and almost allowed him to break through to the eighth level of the Dao Dan realm. This was only half a day of time, and after eating another, he very easily broke through to the eighth level of the Dao Dan realm!

"It’s already very fast from the tenth stage, and Dao Po realm will be next. That’s still not an issue!" At this time, he had a lot of Dao Dan realm to eat, and he would be able to cultivate to the tenth stage very quickly.

And inside the You Yao Mountain Villa, Chu Hongqing had also planted that kind of stone. The two types of stones used to refine Shengdao Dan were both cores that had been obtained from within a type of fruit.

As long as he could plant it, Chen Xiang could produce a large number of Shengdao Dan!

In just ten short days, Chen Xiang had already broken through to the tenth level of the Dao Dan realm. Such a quick time caused Yang Xiangyin to be incomparably shocked.

"Haha, I will be entering the Dao Po realm soon! You all just wait, there will be a day when I don’t have to hide anymore, and I will kill all of you bastards. " Chen Xiang laughed loudly, then walked out of the secret room.

He took out the jade tablet that Xia Bailing had given him and transmitted to Xia Bailing: "Sister Bai Ling, where are you? I want to meet you!"

Xia Bailing immediately responded, "I’ll go find you right now! Don’t move from your spot! "

Chen Xiang stood where she was and did not move. Before long, Xia Bailing had arrived, but she looked rather relaxed now, so she came as soon as she said it.

"What’s the matter?" Xia Bailing asked: "You have been cultivating these past few days right? I’ll take you to your place! "

Chen Xiang laughed as he followed behind her. "I haven’t seen beautiful Sister Bai Ling for a few days, I miss you a lot!"

Xia Bailing laughed tenderly: "You little pimp, did you think of what you want as compensation? I feel very uncomfortable without giving you your reward in one day. "

"Not yet!" Chen Xiang said: "I am already at the tenth level of the Dao Dan realm, Shengdao Dan are indeed strong!"

"Of course, this pill formula is not something that I can obtain easily, of course it’s amazing!" Xia Bailing said: "It’s just that the pill formula that he gave me is incomplete, which is why I don’t know how to refine it."

Xia Bailing brought Chen Xiang to a very good room. Each room was very spacious.

"Right, we have to find the beast race for negotiations tomorrow, do you want to join in the fun with me?" Xia Bailing asked.

"Of course, I’ve never seen the beasts here before!" Chen Xiang immediately nodded his head: "Oh right, Sister Bai Ling, are there beasts as powerful as you?"

"Yes, they are also beasts that belong to the Heavenly Dao. They also have Dao Sovereigns and stuff like that. Of course they’re powerful, and those guys are innately strong as well." Xia Bailing nodded his head: "This Spirit Wasteland is even more so, we have to guard against this group of beasts all day long. If we, humans, are not here, the Spirit Wasteland will be dominated by beasts.

They would leave tomorrow. Xia Bailing and Chen Xiang also sat in this house tonight, she didn’t know why, but she felt that Chen Xiang was very close to her, and that was why she got along so well. It only took a few days for them to get to know each other very well.

The next morning, Chen Xiang woke up early. He was the one who knocked on Xia Bailing’s door to wake him up.

Xia Bailing rubbed his sleepy eyes and yawned: "Morning!"

"You’re a Dao Sovereign, so why are you sleeping so soundly?" Chen Xiang felt that it was extremely strange. Forget about Xia Bailing, even for people like him from the Dao Dan realm, it was very rare for him to wake up like Xia Bailing with his eyes half open.

"You don’t understand. Wait until you become a Dao Sovereign, then you’ll know that this sleeping method of mine is most useful." Xia Bailing had already become a lot more energetic by now, so he closed the door before going back to wash up.

After Chen Xiang waited for a while, Xia Bailing opened the door and started humming a cheerful tune while carrying a plate of pastries.

"Hurry up and eat. You’re the only man who has eaten the pastries I made myself." Xia Bailing laughed.

"You won’t die if you eat it, right?" Chen Xiang looked at those pastries, although they were pretty, he did not know how they tasted like.

"If you don’t eat now, you’ll definitely be beaten to death by me! Eat! " Xia Bailing laughed and purposely revealed an extremely fierce expression.

Chen Xiang grabbed a piece of cake and placed it in his mouth. He chewed it a few times and praised: "I never thought it would be so delicious! I am ready to puke! "

Xia Bailing scoffed, "How could you look down on me like that? I’m a Dao Sovereign after all, and a Alchemist at that.

After eating, Chen Xiang entered one of Xia Bailing’s carriage. Although the carriage looked small, it was extremely spacious in the interior. It was obvious that Xia Bailing had used his spatial energy to expand the carriage, making it a piece of cake for her.

Right now, Chen Xiang was lying on a couch, whistling very comfortably.

"This time, we were the three Dao Sovereigns. The Void Dao Sovereign and the Azure Sun Holy Man had a conversation with them before, and I didn’t ask them how the discussion was going. They only told me to go again, and also asked me to go with them." Bai Ling said.

The three cities were called White Spirit City, Void City and Qingyang City, all named after the Dao Lord. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"Will I be able to meet the other two Dao Sovereigns then?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Yeah, what’s so exciting about seeing them?" Xia Bailing laughed tenderly: "But you don’t have to be disappointed, they don’t look like Dao Sovereigns anymore!"

"They’re all men, right? They definitely look more like Dao Sovereigns than you." Chen Xiang laughed.

"We’ll see!" Xia Bailing made a face at Chen Xiang.