Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Long Jiuxiao seemed to be extremely knowledgeable about the Ancient Eight Desolations, but Chen Xiang lacked understanding of this aspect. He had asked Xia Bailing before, but Xia Bailing did not know much about it.

"Senior, how much do you know about the matters of the Ancient Desolation?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I only know a little bit that the Ancient Desolate Land has mainly expanded too quickly, and thus has been separated by some sort of power into other dimensions. The current Big Chaotic Times is a new Eight Desolations World, and the current New Eight Wastelands is also expanding too quickly." Long Jiuxiao said.

Chen Xiang suddenly understood and said: "All of this is for balance."

Long Jiuxiao nodded, "That’s right. Even though you’ve merged two eras, these two eras did not become chaotic because of this, but on the contrary, they have become balanced. However, this balance did not last for a very long time, so you allowed the ancient Wasteland of Time and Space to return back to its normal path, existing together with the New Eight Wastelands."

"I only know that there are three Dao Sovereigns in the Spirit Wasteland. They have built three cities, and the overall strength of the cities is quite strong." Chen Xiang said.

"Although the Spirit Wasteland is a relatively small Ancient Desolation, there shouldn’t be just three cities above. Of course, there must be other beings inside, it’s just that you haven’t seen them yet." Long Jiuxiao replied: "Of course, in the ancient eight wastelands, the Beast Wasteland is the strongest. The few wastelands were all linked together in the past and there were constant fights and killings.

"Beast Wasteland, you sound very strong." Chen Xiang recalled that the tiger rider in the Spirit Wasteland was a very powerful beast.

"Yes, the origin of our dragon race should be the Beast Wasteland. You should be clear about how powerful the Heavenly beast is. Almost all of the Heavenly beast are from the Ancient Beast Wasteland." Long Jiuxiao said: "I just don’t know if there are any more dragons above Beast Wasteland."

"There must be. With such a powerful dragon, maybe it can dominate the Beast Wasteland." Chen Xiang laughed.

"It’s hard to say, our dragon race is only being used here, but I heard that there are also three great native bank in the Ancient Eight Desolations."

Hearing Long Jiuxiao’s words, Chen Xiang hurriedly nodded: "I’ve also seen the three great native bank s in Spirit Wasteland, so these three great native bank s are indeed very strange."

"The situation is getting more and more complicated, but we don’t have to worry. At least we still have a lot of time to stabilize and develop." Long Jiuxiao said: "With my strength, even if some powers discovered our existence, I would still be able to resist. Now I am not afraid of that damned poison."

Long Jiuxiao had lost to him because of that poison back then. He felt that if he wasn’t poisoned, he would definitely be able to defeat the other party.

This was also why Chen Xiang wasn’t worried about Hundreds of Flowers Village. Long Jiuxiao also knew that Hundreds of Flowers Village was extremely important to him.

Although the Hundreds of Flowers Village was filled with women, they had a large role to play. Most of the pills in this city were provided by the Hundreds of Flowers Village.

In the Nine Heaven School s, there were many Alchemist s and those that were trustworthy among them all knew how to refine pills. Their alchemy skills all originated from the Heavenly Alchemy and the herbs were all provided by the Hundreds of Flowers Village.

"In the ancient wastelands, which wasteland is the most powerful?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I don’t know about that, but I do know that the most mysterious thing is the Divine Wasteland. It is said that many terrifying fellows are gathered inside, which is also the reason why the ancient eight wastelands were separated and lost their time and wander around." Long Jiuxiao said in a deep voice: "However, they should be with us now, if we are lucky, we might be able to find the Divine Wasteland."

"Beast Wasteland, Spirit Wasteland, Divine Wasteland, and the other five Ancient Wastelands." Chen Xiang asked. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"Human Wasteland, mainly humans, then Devil Wasteland, Evil Wasteland. From the name, you should know what it is, and lastly there are the more powerful profound Wasteland and Sacred Wasteland." Long Jiuxiao said, "The Ancient Eight Desolations include Beast Wasteland s, Spirit Wasteland s, Divine Wasteland s, Human Wasteland s, Evil Wasteland s, profound Wasteland s and Sacred Wasteland s."

"New Eight Wastelands is one of the Five Great Wastelands, and then there are the other three." Chen Xiang asked, he was only slightly concerned about her now.

"The new Eight Great Wastelands are dominated by humans. The other three are the Beast Wasteland, the Ice Wasteland and the Spirit Wasteland. As far as I know, there are three great native bank s in all of these Wasteland." Long Jiuxiao said.

"Senior, then have you ever seen the most powerful person among the three great native bank s?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No, they are all very strong, and they are not someone that can be seen at any time. I once wanted to go and see them, but I did not succeed, I was able to converse with one of them for a period of time, with his guidance, and benefited greatly, in short, they are all of that kind with relatively gentle personalities, they are mainly responsible for finding the ones with the greatest potential amongst humans, and they do not care too much about the affairs of the three great native bank s." Long Jiuxiao shook his head.

"In other words, the three great native bank s of the Primordial Eight Desolations are the same as well." Chen Xiang felt that this was kind of inconceivable, the ancient Wasteland had wandered around in chaotic time and space for many years.

"Probably." Long Jiuxiao nodded. "So you must remember, do not ever offend the three great native bank s, or else the consequences will be unimaginable."

Chen Xiang had already known about it since long ago, and the three great native bank s gave him a good impression as well.

"Chen Xiang, leave the Heavenly magic sword here for a while. I’ll help you repair it." Long Jiuxiao said: "This will be of great help to you in the future."

"Alright, since I will be staying in Three Money Divine City for a while, it will be safer there. I will go retrieve it after some time." Chen Xiang nodded.

Chen Xiang gave the Heavenly magic sword to Long Jiuxiao, then he went to find his old friends in the city. Every time Yun Xiaodao, Zhu Rong and the others saw Chen Xiang, they would beat him up very rudely, letting him treat them to food and drinks.

Chen Xiang had already gotten used to it, these were his old friends that he grew up with. From time to time, he would gather with them and brag, making him very happy.

Chen Xiang stayed in the Hundreds of Flowers Village for a few days and reminisced about old times with those beauties. He also saw Leng Youlan and Mu Qianxiang, his two battle-loving sisters.

What made him surprised was that Xia Bailing actually decided to stay here for a period of time.

In the morning, Chen Xiang got up from Lv Qilian’s bed. Lv Qilian had already put on her clothes and combed her beautiful hair. Last night, Chen Xiang had already told her about Xia Bailing’s situation and it gave her a huge shock.

This was because the last few times she had seen Xia Bailing, she had seen Xia Bailing being like a mischievous little girl, chasing and playing with Long Xueyi in Hundreds of Flowers Village. He was playing like a child, not like a Dao Sovereign at all.

"Chen Xiang, when you go find your father, if you encounter any problems, remember to be calm and not do anything stupid."

Last night, Chen Xiang told her many things about the Ancient Desolation. The current situation was extremely complicated, and Chen Xiang, who loved to cause trouble, made her very worried.