Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

When Chen Xiang walked out of the pill refining room, he saw Huang Jintian sitting in the hall with a face full of smiles, drinking fruit wine with his legs crossed.

"Master, how are the effects of the Shengdao Dan?" Chen Xiang asked.

"The effect is not ordinary." Huang Jintian gave Chen Xiang a big thumbs up. "Taking you in as my disciple, is the most correct thing to do in my life, hehe."

"Other people are all helped by Master, why do you always look like you are my friend now?" Chen Xiang laughed, then took out a cup and poured himself some fruit wine.

"There’s nothing I can do about it. Who asked you to lay your hands on a useless master like me? That’s why I’m sure I’ll be able to eat you for the rest of my life." Huang Jintian laughed.

"Help me count my dad, see if I can calculate his current situation." Chen Xiang laughed: "You have truly received my benefits."

When Huang Jintian took out his Tianyan god record s, he needed to use them even when he was doing something difficult.

"It seems that this is the only use I have in your eyes." Huang Jintian laughed. After he took out the Tianyan god record, he began to count.

Huang Jintian’s Tianyan god record s could only be seen by himself, so when outsiders looked at them, they were all transparent.

But now, Chen Xiang could see that the flat surface of the crystal board was filled with white words that he could not understand.

Huang Jintian frowned, his expression did not look good.

"Master." Chen Xiang shouted. He began to worry too, because Huang Jintian rarely had such expressions.

Huang Jintian opened his eyes, his expression solemn.

"Master, what was the result?" Chen Xiang asked quickly.

"It’s hard to say, but your father is still alive, but the situation isn’t too good. The Life Evolution I used just now can be considered as a life force technique. I think your father’s life force is a bit weak, so this situation isn’t good." Huang Jintian patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder, "But you don’t have to worry, I’ve already calculated his lifespan a few times already, but there’s no obvious signs of him dying.

The situation of this world was very complicated. Although the Dao Sovereign was strong, he was not invincible, and Xia Bailing and the rest of the people in the Spirit Wasteland were also facing many strong enemies.

"Master, you are currently at the tenth level of the Dao Dan realm." Chen Xiang asked.

"Soon." Huang Jintian said.

Chen Xiang gave him another Shengdao Dan and said, "Eat this, I’ll go take a look around first."

... ....

It had been a while since Chen Xiang left the Three Money Divine City, and the Three Money Divine City was only recently built, but now, it had become much more lively.

In order to attract more people to come in, the Three Great native bank s lowered their standards so that they could enter. The Dao Dan realm could then come in, and they would need more Jade money than before.

Although Chen Xiang had twenty billion Jade money, thinking about how he used so many of them in order to enter, he felt a little displeased.

He did not change his appearance as he strutted down the street.

There were a lot of people in Three Money Divine City who recognized him, so after they saw him, they all stepped aside.

"Did you guys hear? Chen Xiang also went to the mysterious Spirit Wasteland."

"I heard that the Limitless Three Elders of the Infinite Divine Mountain also went to the Spirit Wasteland and all of them went missing. Could it be that they died?"

Chen Xiang and Infinite Divine Mountain have a deep grudge against each other. Earlier, Limitless Three Elders wanted to capture Xie Qiaoyan, but Chen Xiang saved him.

The three elders of the Infinite Divine Mountain were extremely famous in the new eight wastelands. Back then, when they had helped the Esoteric Immortality Fruit catch Xie Qiaoyan, the news had already spread and it was Xie Qiaoyan who had come back to tell the master of the Jiang family, Jiang Yingqi.

Because Jiang Yingqi had received a pill bestowed to him by Xie Qiaoyan, he, who was loyal to the heavens, immediately announced that he would cut off all contact with the Infinite Divine Mountain after hearing of this matter.

Of course, this was only a guess. It was unrealistic for Chen Xiang to kill the three Limitless Elders, moreover, it was still uncertain whether the three Limitless Elders died or not.

Chen Xiang did not kill them, but they were sealed, so their life orbs would not shatter, at most they would just disappear, and they would not know that this matter was related to him.

When Chen Xiang arrived at the Three Money Divine City’s huge fighting arena, he knew that Jiang Xian would definitely be there. As expected, when he entered the fighting arena, he saw that Jiang Xian was fighting with other people.

"He’s probably at the fourth level of the Dao Dan realm." Chen Xiang estimated Jiang Xian’s cultivation.

After being kicked out, a portion of his cultivation had been crippled, which was why he had backed off. This also caused him to become the laughingstock of the Jiang Family, but now, he was working very hard, running all the way to this place to fight in order to earn Jade money s. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Even though he was laughed at in the Jiang Clan, he should have the most Jade money in the young disciples of the Jiang Clan.

After the battle ended, Jiang Xian raised both of his arms up high and shouted excitedly, showing that he had won the round. The hundred thousand spectators in the arena also started to shout his name, loud and clear.

Jiang Xian was very famous now, every fight he fought was full of people, and he earned a lot of Jade money s from selling tickets in the fighting arena.

Chen Xiang was standing at a relatively high place and had noticed him. Seeing Chen Xiang return, he quickly finished interacting with the audience and rushed over to find Chen Xiang.

"Brother Shen, are you alright?" Jiang Xian knew that Chen Xiang had gone to the Spirit Wasteland, and because Chen Xiang had saved Xie Qiaoyan in the Spirit Wasteland, he had angered many powers, and Chen Xiang had two Heavenly artifact, which were also wanted by many powers.

Just that when many people were heading towards Spirit Wasteland, Chen Xiang was back.

"Do you think I would die at the hands of those fellows? But then again, I have gained a lot from this trip to the Spirit Wasteland." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Of course, not only did he obtain the Heavenly Life Fruit, he also took away the heart of a beauty like Xie Qiaoyan. This kind of gain is indeed not small." Jiang Xian laughed out loud.

Chen Xiang shook his head and laughed. He flipped his palm, and two Shengdao Dan appeared on it, and laughed: This is my biggest gain, do you want to try it?

Jiang Xian had never seen this kind of gold-red Shengdao Dan, and frowned: "What kind of pill is this, to be able to fight after eating it, it’s really powerful."

"I won’t tell you for now ... Brother Jiang, you must have earned quite a lot of Jade money recently, eating these two pills, if there’s any effect, you can just give me the Jade money based on your mood. If you don’t think it’s of any use to you, you can leave it to me. " Chen Xiang laughed.

"Chen Xiang, you’re already so rich, but you’re still planning to earn my Jade money." Jiang Xian laughed and had already put the two Shengdao Dan into his mouth. He had absolute trust in Chen Xiang, so he didn’t care whether they were poison pills or not, and ate them.

After eating, Jiang Xian’s expression changed, and became somewhat excited. At this time, he could feel the strong medicinal power.