Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

After Jiang Xian consumed it for a moment, he continued to refine the medicinal power.

"That won’t do. Wait for a while for me. The medicinal power is too strong. After I refine it, I’ll come to your villa to find you." After Jiang Xian finished speaking, he ran off without a trace. He wanted to find a quiet place to go into closed door cultivation.

Chen Xiang chuckled, then left the fighting arena and came to Eternal Life Native Bank.

"Grandpa Shen, what can I do for you?" With a smile on his face, an elder hurriedly walked over.

"Sir, your cultivation isn’t low either. You’re so much stronger than me. I won’t get used to you calling me sir." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Then Boss Shen should be able to handle it, right?" The old man laughed and patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder.

"It’s rather pleasing to the ears." Chen Xiang laughed.

Chen Xiang was brought by the old man to a luxurious living room. He sat on a comfortable soft beast skin chair, and drank a sweet fruit juice.

"You already have a purple jade plate, so you should enjoy this treatment." The old man smiled and said, "I wonder why you have come today."

"I came here to find someone from the upper echelons of native bank. I wonder if I can talk to them now." Chen Xiang asked.

"This is definitely not a problem. With your peerless pill techniques and the twenty billion Jade money that you have ... Furthermore, with your two Heavenly artifact s, you are definitely qualified. " The old man smiled and said, "I’ll help you make the report now."

Chen Xiang smiled and nodded. After the old man left, two beautiful women who were rarely seen walked in. They were in charge of serving Chen Xiang.

"This is status." Chen Xiang drank a mouthful of fruit juice as he praised in his heart. His cultivation was not high, but he was still treated like this because of pill techniques.

Chu Hongqing saw the two Spirit Demon women beside Chen Xiang, and immediately felt uncomfortable. She snorted: "Can’t you let Xiang Yin and I come out to serve you? Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

She felt that she and Yang Xiangyin were the genuine maid of Chen Xiang, but they had never really served Chen Xiang before. When Chu Hongqing followed him, they both refined pills and grew medicinal herbs, and other than growing medicinal herbs, Yang Xiangyin would also occasionally play the beautiful zither music to relieve Chen Xiang’s boredom.

Chen Xiang let the two bewitching women leave, then said with a smile. "Are you feeling comfortable now?"

"That’s more like it." Chu Hongqing smiled tenderly: "Then do you want me to go out now?"

"No need, you guys just stay inside. I don’t want you guys to show your faces." Chen Xiang said, he loved his own servant very much.

Not long after, a handsome man wearing a simple robe with a moustache walked in. He had a jade fan in his hand, which made him look gentle and gentle. His smile was very modest, making it very easy for people to get a good impression of him.

"I count as the third master of the Eternal Life Native Bank." The man smiled and cupped his hands towards Chen Xiang: "My name is Fan Shixin."

"Villa Owner Fan looks so young, he really surprises me." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Why, do you think I’m an old man?" Fan Shixin made a gesture to invite her to sit down.

"Do you have any business with me?" Fan Shixin was the Third Master of the Eternal Life Native Bank in the Eight Desolations, so his strength was definitely not ordinary. Although he looked like an ordinary person, his hidden strength was definitely not simple.

"Are you interested in opening a new city with native bank s?" Chen Xiang asked. He was planning to bring the Eternal Life Native Bank to the city that Long Jiuxiao built.

"How big the city is, and what kind of composition it is, is filled with dense spirit energy, when our native bank is opening, we will consider this factor, and if it meets the requirements, we are naturally very willing." Fan Shixin said: "This city shouldn’t have been secretly built by you, right? If that’s the case, we will consider it."

"I didn’t build it." Chen Xiang spread out his hands: "But the person who built this city had once worked in your Eternal Life Native Bank, and was once your moneymaker, his name is Long Jiuxiao."

"So it’s him. Seems like your relationship with him isn’t that bad. Your Heavenly furnace should be a gift from him." Fan Shixin smiled and nodded: "I do know him. He has great potential and also very much ambitions. When he left our native bank, I told him that we could come back anytime."

"However, later on, I heard that he encountered a lot of trouble. Furthermore, he was poisoned. I believe that you have already cured him of his poison."

Chen Xiang nodded: "But he still has many enemies. Let me be clear on this point first, the city he built ... and the various races in the city could be in danger in the future. "

Fan Shixin laughed: "Don’t worry about that, as long as it’s worth it for our native bank to station here, it won’t be a problem for us. You want our native bank to open up a new city, you also want to ensure the safety of the city, right?"

"Yes." Chen Xiang nodded his head, "There are humans in that city, but they aren’t all humans. There are other races ..."

After that, Chen Xiang explained the specific situation of the city.

Hearing that there were so many dragons inside, Fan Shixin interrupted Chen Xiang and sent someone to investigate. At the same time, he told Chen Xiang that just this point was enough for their native bank to be opened up to that place.

When the time comes, not only will we be able to get there, the Three Lives native bank and the Lifeless native bank will also be there. With the three of us here, the city will be extremely safe. Fan Shixin said.

We thought that you had come from the Ancient Desolation, but we’ve been in contact with the Ancient Desolation’s native bank for a while now, and we couldn’t find anything related to you. Furthermore, the races you mentioned are rather strange as well, such as the Undead Divine Race, they shouldn’t be so gentle to be able to get along with you.

Fan Shixin was extremely familiar with the New Eight Wastelands and the Ancient Eight Desolations, but what Chen Xiang had said was completely different.

"I wish we could be friends." Fan Shixin smiled sincerely at Chen Xiang.

"Alright, Eternal Life Native Bank has always been very mysterious in my eyes. However, I feel that I can trust the both of you." Chen Xiang laughed: "This might take some time."

"I will listen patiently." Fan Shixin smiled and nodded, "Of course, I won’t take advantage of you. I will also tell you some things about our three great native bank s."

Afterwards, Chen Xiang told Fan Shixin about the fusion of two eras, and it was even him who facilitated it. Of course, he also emphasized on the combination of Undead Divine Race and Red Spirit Race.

Fan Shixin did not know about this matter, so after he heard about it, his face became extremely gloomy.