Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"If you come from the future, how about we three native bank s in the future?" Fan Shixin took a deep breath and asked. He seemed to be extremely concerned about this matter.

"You no longer exist. As far as I know, your disappearance originated from some sort of powerful and mysterious power. The reason why I allowed you all to die was also to balance out the two of you." Chen Xiang said.

Fan Shixin sighed and said, "As expected."

Chen Xiang was secretly shocked, this Fan Shixin actually knew of such an outcome, and said: "But the situation now is different."

Fan Shixin naturally understood what Chen Xiang meant. In other words, when the future Undead Divine Race and Undead Divine Race returned to this era, they would be on equal footing with the three great native bank s.

If a monster like the Three Great native bank was destroyed, Chen Xiang was extremely shocked by the power.

"I will send someone to take care of the matters concerning the Heavenly Dragon City." Fan Shixin said: "Right now, I have to say a few things to the higher ups."

"Alright." Chen Xiang nodded.

Fan Shixin left in a hurry, he did not expect the three native bank s to not know about this at all.

Chen Xiang left the Eternal Life Native Bank and returned to his villa. After concocting pills with Chu Hongqing for two days, Jiang Xian suddenly came over.

When Jiang Xian saw Chen Xiang, he immediately burst into laughter, praising the effects of the Shengdao Dan. He handed Chen Xiang a Storage bag and said: "This is a hundred million Jade money, they are all earned by me in the past few days."

"Too many." Chen Xiang didn’t think that Jiang Xian would give him that much either.

"I was worried that you might think you were lacking, but who would have thought that you would be able to help me break through so quickly. This kind of pill is really mysterious, it’s not easy to raise Dao Dan realm." Jiang Xian said.

"I only want twenty million Jade money. Take the rest back." Chen Xiang said.

"Take them all. I’ll be able to earn them back very soon. Moreover, I don’t know how to spend these Jade money either." Jiang Xian said.

Chen Xiang could only accept them all now, and gave Jiang Xian another eight Shengdao Dan.

Jiang Xian never thought that Chen Xiang still had that many. After obtaining the eight Shengdao Dan, he directly asked Chen Xiang for a secret room, then ran off to close up.

"Looks like selling this Shengdao Dan for fifteen million is not a problem." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Of course, there are many who are trapped in the Dao Dan realm, especially those who are unable to break through and are about to die of old age, to them, this is equivalent to a life extending divine pill." Chu Hongqing said.

"Chen Xiang, we’re here." Chen Xiang suddenly heard a voice from outside. It was regarding Feng Yujie.

Chen Xiang did not expect them to arrive so quickly, so he hurried to open the door, only to see Feng Yujie and Xia Bailing.

"Didn’t Qiao Yan come?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No, the Heavenly Dragon City wanted to build three native bank s, so she stayed. She was more familiar with the affairs of the native bank." Feng Yujie said.

Xia Bailing stuck his tongue out at Chen Xiang: "Little scoundrel, when I help you get your father back, you must repay me properly."

"Sister Bai Ling, you promised to pay me back, but now you’ve helped me get my dad back. You can say that you’ve returned the favor." Chen Xiang said.

"Alright, alright." Xia Bailing walked in and said: "When will you be leaving?"

"We’re ready to go." Chen Xiang found Huang Jintian and said: "Master, there are fifty Shengdao Dan s here, one of them is for fifteen million. Jiang Xian is here too, when he comes out, you should find him and discuss about how to make them famous, don’t eat them secretly."

"When I come back, I will concoct this pill on a large scale." Chen Xiang warned.

"Got it, be careful on your way." Huang Jintian received the jade box with a smile: "I guarantee that I won’t steal anything."

Seeing his smile, Chen Xiang was not at ease, but there was nothing he could do.

"Let’s go." Chen Xiang said to Xia Bailing and Feng Yujie.

Feng Yujie knew where the island was, so she had to follow Chen Xiang. It was safer for her to enter the You Yao Mountain Villa, but she could not sense the direction of the island.

Feng Yujie did not know the exact location of the island, he only knew the direction, so he was unable to bring Chen Xiang there right away.

When Xia Bailing and Chen Xiang left the Three Money Divine City, they took Chen Xiang with them and teleported for the better part of the day.

Because Xia Bailing always teleported in the direction that Feng Yujie pointed to, Feng Yujie had pointed to many times, but each time it was different. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"That island is moving, and it’s moving at a faster speed." Feng Yujie said: "I can’t feel the direction either."

Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors, allowed it to grow a little, and then allowed Feng Yujie to exit the You Yao Mountain Villa.

"This mirror of yours is really a good thing." When Xia Bailing saw it, his face was filled with envy. "You bastard, it’s fine if you have so many beautiful women, but there are also so many good things."

"There’s no helping it, it’s all because of my good character." Chen Xiang chuckled: "Sister Feng, now look at your senses, and see if the position is not constantly moving. It seems like I cannot teleport there, I can only change my direction based on the position of the island."

Feng Yujie closed his eyes. After sensing it for a while, he said with a frown: "That island is very strange, it is jumping around, and its position doesn’t move slowly, but rather is equivalent to teleportation.

Xia Bailing said: "If it’s really like that, then it’s hard to find anymore, I have to think of a way."

Chen Xiang curled his lips and said: "You’re a Dao Sovereign and have such high attainments in spatial energy. Don’t tell me you have nothing you can do?"

"He’s a Dao Sovereign, but he’s not invincible." Xia Bailing scoffed, "I do have a way, but it’ll be a bit harder for me."

"How hard it will be." Chen Xiang asked.

"It will make me very tired, and then I will need to rest for a few days to recover." Xia Bailing said.

Chen Xiang had already guessed what she was talking about, she was just using a lot of power to teleport herself in one breath. This could teleport a very far distance, if he could see the island, he wouldn’t need to worry about the island jumping around as long as he entered.

"Alright, Sister Feng, start sensing it." Chen Xiang said.

Feng Yujie immediately closed her eyes and said, "The position is jumping too frequently right now, almost every moment for a position. I don’t know what’s going on."

"It stopped. It’s over there." Feng Yujie immediately pointed in a direction and also channeled his spatial energy, teleporting away.

After teleporting over, Chen Xiang and the others immediately saw a huge, pitch-black island in the distance in the sky. It looked eerie and terrifying, and Chen Xiang also felt a sense of familiarity towards the place he was born in.

"Just a little more." Xia Bailing said, and just as she was about to teleport over, such a huge island suddenly disappeared.

"What lousy thing is this?" Chen Xiang immediately scolded: "Such a big thing, it ran away in the blink of an eye."

Xia Bailing said with a grave expression on his face, "This is a punishment of the law."