Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 250 - Averting Crisis

------------

The original snow white bone spear was bathing in a crimson light, as if it was suddenly bleeding, looking very peculiar. After missing his thrust, the priest didn’t continue with the second thrust, instead, he received the bone spear back and retreated a few steps. Both of his hands were holding the bone spear tightly as he raised it in the sky. With a loud shout, a huge black whirlpool suddenly appeared in the sky, and all the Devil Qi of the Southern Wasteland suddenly surged over his head.

"Quickly stop this guy, although I don’t know why he can suddenly gather such strength, if you allowed him to succeed, you might be in trouble." Su Meiyao hastily shouted.

"This guy seems to be communicating with the Devil Domain, the spell he is chanting is from the ancient scriptures during the immemorial time of the Devil Domain, which only a few people can understand. It seems he is really a priest." Bai Youyou said.

Chen Xiang’s dantian sank, the Tai Chi Yin and Yang diagram started to revolve insanely as the True Qi in the five divine beast forms fiercely surged out. Then they fused together in his dantian, transforming into the Universe true Qi.

With the infusion of such vigorous True Qi into the Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade, its weight insanely rose, however, Chen Xiang didn’t feel any sort of change. He only felt that with this blade, he could cut everything in the world.

Chen Xiang had no idea what the priest was doing, but he knew that at the moment, the guy was doing something very terrible. If he let him succeed, the Chenwu Mainland would certainly be in danger.

The continuously trembling Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade suddenly calmed down as Chen Xiang yelled, "You fiend, go to hell!"

While speaking, the giant blade suddenly flashed as an immense righteous aura, followed by an azure light, burst forth. Afterwards, a dragon roar filled with majesty spread through all directions.

At this moment, Chen Xiang also felt a very strong power in the Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade. He was already aware that he himself knew little about this blade. The strength hidden in this blade was very vast, and today, he came to know that within the blade, there was actually a kind of righteous aura, which was mostly fatal for depraved demon or devils.

Chen Xiang jumped over, with each step as fierce as a dragon and a tiger, providing him an immense strength. He brandished his blade and cross-chopped towards that bone spear raised towards the sky. At that very moment when the giant blade slashed over, a dragon roar resounded in all directions, and the righteous aura broke through that black whirlpool high in the sky. The land was as if it had a dragon who was waking up, and followed by that melodious high-pitched dragon roar, the land fiercely shook.

BOOM!

High in the sky, numerous azure and red lightning suddenly flashed, as a fissure presented itself in those thick dark clouds. This fissure was the result of the collision of powerful Qis that came from two different sources, and it was as though it was splitting the sky, bring about a spectacular view.

The huge black whirlpool above the priest’s head disappeared, and only the intertwining azure and red intertwining was left, while various sounds were echoing in the Southern Wasteland, It took a while before the land slowly calmed down, and after the echo disappeared, the Southern Wasteland once again fell into a death like silence.

That fire sea behind Chen Xiang was also blown away from the impact, and in all-around these two men, only a flat piece of land was left. One must know that just a few moments ago, the now flat land was all filled with trees and hills.

Chen Xiang’s hands were somewhat numb, he didn’t expect that the Bone Spear would actually have such a strong power. He not only failed in cutting down the bone spear, his Five Zhang and Six Fu were also shaken up and squeezed together. But at the very least, he was still successful in preventing the dangerous task the priest was doing.

The priest furiously looked at Chen Xiang. From his mouth, black blood flowed out as black Qi appeared in those glittering red eyes of his. Red lightning wound around his white bone spear as his rage turned into Devil Qi, surging forth from his body. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"You are actually capable of preventing me from accepting the leftover strength of the Devil God here! You made me miss me the sole opportunity granted by the Devil God! I’ll make you wish you would rather die than live." The priest’s voice was cold; it was filled with bitter resentment, as if coming from the fiends of hell itself.

Chen Xiang, in his heart, was secretly shocked. Accepting the leftover strength of a Devil God? Wouldn’t it be most of the Devil Qi in the Southern Wasteland? That would be rather terrifying.

"Sister Youyou, where the hell did this guy come from? That thing in his hand is very terrifying. It is same as my Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade, and I was not able to cut that thing." Chen Xiang hastily asked.

"Ancient Devil God, they are the strongest cultivator in the Devil Domain. During the Great Battle of the Three Realms, the Ancient Devil God would leave behind this kind of place, along with an altar and a priest nurtured by the Devil Qi. Once defeated, as long as the priest and the altar is still there, it is possible for them to return to the Devil Domain through the Altar, or receive the Ancient Devil God’s instruction from the Devil Domain. In short, it is a method for the majority of the devils to be reborn after death. Of course, after the altars around the world were found, they were all immediately destroyed. In some worlds, the residents are simply not aware of them. But because majority of the ancient battlefield are all sealed, nothing will really happen to them." Bai Youyou readily described, and unlike her usual demeanor, she was rather talkative at the moment.

Chen Xiang, in his heart, cursed the devil path guys. They actually knew such a dangerous thing, and they even planned to let the devil creatures in here once again see the light.

"The devil path sects should have obtained some records, however, the records they received are not very comprehensive. They perhaps don’t even know what exactly is in this place." Bai Youyou said.

Chen Xiang suddenly suspected Bai Youyou was a resident of the Devil Domain, otherwise, she wouldn’t know these stuff in detail; even Long Xueyi and Su Meiyao both didn’t know about these things.

"The thing in his hand is very good, your blade wasn’t even able to cut it. But even though it is somewhat evil, you must still obtain it." Long Xueyi said.

Just as she finished speaking, the priest let out a strange howl as he fiercely thrusted the bone spear towards Chen Xiang. Before the bone spear even arrived, a sharp and powerful Qi with had already come over with ’Xiu Xiu’ sound. It was like an invisible arrow piercing the air. Chen Xiang reacted a bit slowly, and a bloodstain was left behind by the powerful Qi on his cheek. However, he still dodged the bone spear.

At the moment the bone spear’s attack arrived, although there was not much large movements, Chen Xiang could still sense the power contained inside it. If he was stabbed, the consequence would be simply unimaginable. The priest had dedicated himself in stabbing Chen Xiang’s head, realizing this point, Chen Xiang finally realized his current predicament.

The bone spear was not only incomparably hard, it also had a very special effect. To be precise, it could, in the blink of an eye, gather a large amount of power at its tip. Once it was thrust, that power from the tip would burst out. If a thrust was weak and missed the target, the power would then immediately return back to its user, thereby decreasing the consumption to the minimum.

Chen Xiang was attacked twice, and during those times, he had carefully paid attention to the power flow in the bone spear, that was why he could speculate this. It was indeed not a bad weapon, He had the Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade, but it would be nice to have another powerful weapon, though the Bone Spear didn’t seem to have anything righteous about it.

"This guy is just a one trick pony. He only knows how to use that thing to stab you. Maybe he doesn’t even know any other devil techniques." Long Xueyi said.

Just as she finished speaking, she immediately knew that she was wrong, because the priest stretched his five fingers apart, and in the blink of an eye, it transformed into a huge skeleton claw. The huge skeleton claw whisked towards Chen Xiang, with bloody-red aura winding around it. As it got closer to Chen Xiang, dark cold Devil Qi shot out towards all directions. Chen Xiang knew that if he was hit, then his head would certainly be torn in half.

That huge skeleton claw hastily struck towards Chen Xiang, however, when he was hit, Chen Xiang’s figure burst into mist.

It was a virtual image created from mist. Suddenly, Chen Xiang appeared behind the priest. With both of his hands clasping the Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade, which was infused vigorous and firm True Qi, he very quietly slashed towards the priest from behind.

A translated work of Xianxiaworld