Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

After entering the tall building, Chen Xiang went to one of the floors according to his memories. This was the floor where Qi Xian often sought pleasure, and he would often invite young masters from other powers to play with him, they were all popinjays.

When Chen Xiang walked up the stairs, he changed back to his original appearance. When he arrived at the seventh floor, he heard waves of laughter and immediately confirmed that this was the floor Qi Xian was on.

After he entered, he saw that there was a large hall inside. In the middle of the hall, there was a stage with many girls dancing, and below, there were many young noblemen, hugging beauties, drinking wine and laughing.

Chen Xiang was no longer unfamiliar with such extravagant and extravagant scenes. Previously, he would often see that many women were now half naked, and extremely naked.

After entering, Chen Xiang looked around, only to realize that the strongest was just a Dao Po realm, the rest were all at the tenth level of the Dao Dan realm, those unambitious young masters here had mostly stopped at the tenth level of the Dao Dan realm, making it hard for them to level up.

"Qi Xian Lang!" Chen Xiang shouted out, his voice was loud, causing everyone’s ears to ring, at this time, the hall became quiet.

"Who’s calling me?" Qi Xian stood up and looked in the direction of the door, anger written all over his face.

"It’s me!" Chen Xiang said indifferently, Qi Xian’s clothes were in a mess, and beside him were two seductive women hugging him.

"Do you know the rules? When you look for me, you have to inform me and arrest him. What a disgrace." Qi Xian said coldly.

When Chen Xiang shouted just now, there were two men standing behind him. Now, with Qi Xian’s order, they anxiously grabbed onto Chen Xiang’s arm, wanting to take him away, but suddenly, Chen Xiang disappeared. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Everyone looked at Chen Xiang, and just like that, he suddenly disappeared, causing them to be shocked, and looked around.

"Where is he?" Qi Xian looked around and rubbed his eyes. He had drunk a lot of wine and was getting drunk.

"Here!" Chen Xiang suddenly appeared in front of Qi Xian and sneered: "Your father is King Qi?"

"That’s right, who exactly are you? You know my father is a King Qi, but you still dare to be so rude to me. Qi Xian was shocked and quickly shouted.

"You should be tired of living!" While Chen Xiang was speaking, he threw a punch towards Qi Xian’s face, and at the same time, a hand grabbed onto Qi Xian’s wrist.

This way, Qi Xian wouldn’t fly out even if he was hit by a heavy punch!

Chen Xiang’s punch was not very strong, but Qi Xian let out a pitiful cry, his handsome white face was already swollen red, and his entire face was deformed!

Chen Xiang controlled himself well, he would not kill Qi Xian with one punch, but he could still feel the pain.

"You ... "You! Quickly kill him!" Qi Xian roared, he did not know why Chen Xiang attacked him, but it was no longer important to him, because no matter what the reason was, he had to kill Chen Xiang, in order to remove the hatred in his heart.

Chen Xiang then slapped over again, landing on Qi Xian’s swollen face, causing him to scream miserably again.

"If you dare to come over, I’ll immediately cut off one of his arms." Chen Xiang said coldly, he looked at the people around him: "All of you, scram!"

"I will kill you!" Qi Xian’s body trembled, he used his own strength, and was about to attack Chen Xiang, but was struck in the chest by Chen Xiang, the force of the palm strike made Qi Xian scream in pain, and he even spat out a mouthful of blood.

"Who the hell are you? Let go of Young Master Qi quickly, or else King Qi will make you suffer a fate worse than death. " A middle-aged man shouted. He was responsible for protecting Qi Xian, and now that something like this had happened, he would definitely be blamed in the future.

"I am Chen Xiang, Shen Tianhu told me to kill this trash." As Chen Xiang said that, he slapped Qi Xian a few more times on the face. Qi Xian’s face was so distorted that he could not even recognize him.

"It was sent by Shen Tianhu?" The middle-aged man became serious and retreated quickly. He obviously knew that Chen Xiang was very strong, otherwise he would not have been able to control Qi Xian who was at the tenth level of the Dao Dan realm so easily.

Chen Xiang was also at the tenth level of the Dao Dan realm, but amongst those of the same level, he was basically invincible!

"You bastard, if others look at you more, you’ll be captured and taken as a slave!" Chen Xiang snorted, and punched Qi Xian in the abdomen: "Don’t worry, I won’t kill you, I will let you live, but you will feel better than dead."

With that said, Chen Xiang slapped Qi Xian’s head, directly shattering Qi Xian’s Divine Sense Sea, making him look like a cripple.

"Help me tell your father, King Qi Tortoise, that I, Chen Xiang, will find him sooner or later. At that time, I will treat him as I treat you!" Chen Xiang laughed, and then fiercely slapped Qi Xian’s face again. The force of the slap caused Qi Xian to fly out, colliding with the wall and landing on the street outside.

Following that, Chen Xiang struck the ground with his palm, the berserk Heaven Blasting Palm released a terrifying shockwave that turned the entire building into ruins, and all the people buried within the ruins started to curse.

When the building collapsed, Chen Xiang had already teleported away.

After teleporting to a place where no one was around, Chen Xiang used a transformation technique to turn himself into an old man, and then left a secret mark in some parts of the city. Only the Shen Family could understand the meaning behind this secret mark.

If Shen Tianhu saw it, these records would lead him to the place where was buried.

Chen Xiang was currently in the city, so with him causing such a commotion, it would definitely spread out in a short amount of time. If Shen Tianhu knew about this, he would definitely secretly come to the city, and at that time, he would be able to contact them.

Two days later, the matter had already spread throughout the city and Chen Xiang heard from many people that the majority of the people in the city, including Qi Xian, were extremely disgusted and even felt the same way about the emperors and the other nobles, because they always did whatever they wanted to bully the weak and bully the weak.

Qi Xian was completely destroyed by Chen Xiang, the Divine Sense Sea was completely erased, it was extremely difficult to cultivate new ones, and he was even beaten up by Chen Xiang ruthlessly, his heart was definitely full of shadows, and it would affect his entire life!

When the King Qi knew about this, he immediately sent out some experts to investigate. Chen Xiang discovered that those experts were only at the fifth or sixth stage of the Dao Po realm, so they were not much of a threat to him.

This city had a lot of losses at the moment. First, a hundred of elite soldiers were killed by Chen Xiang, then ten elite warriors and a leader were killed.

To hit King Qi’s son, and to even be so fierce and arrogant, was clearly slapping his face. King Qi also took this matter very seriously.

And the name Chen Xiang had also spread throughout the Earth Spirit World, which was exactly as Chen Xiang had predicted.