Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"You guys have occupied the Earth Spirit City for so long, do you have enough blessings? Chen Xiang laughed coldly, and then let Xia Bailing use his spatial energy to seal the World Emperor and throw him into the Chuangshi god furnace.

Chen Xiang found many good things from the World Emperor’s body, including Communication jade Symbol paper!

At that moment, he had changed into the appearance of the World King. Moreover, he imitated the World King’s voice and used the Communication jade Symbol paper to send messages to the ten kings as well as many powerful generals.

After passing down the message, Chen Xiang found the more than ten sons of the Realm King in the palace. He didn’t kill them, and only threw them into the Chuangshi god furnace s.

In only four hours, Chen Xiang had already gathered the ten kings. As for the thirty generals, they were all at the tenth level of the Dao Po realm.

These people were the strongest within the Earth Spirit World. If they were to kill them, Shen Tianhu and the others could easily snatch back the Earth Spirit World without sacrificing too much.

"King Qi, I have heard about your son’s matter. I think everyone knows the reason why I called you all here! That is to say, about Chen Xiang. " Chen Xiang had changed into the appearance of the World King and imitated his aura.

"But we don’t know where Shen Tianhu’s group is right now! We already expected you to hide and wait for revenge. " King Qi said, his face was filled with anger. Although he was provoked, he could not do anything.

Chen Xiang nodded and said: "I know where that Chen Xiang is!"

"Oh?" King Qi and the rest were shocked.

"Right here!" Chen Xiang gave a strange smile, then immediately reverting back to his original appearance.

They did not think that there would actually be someone with the ability to pretend to be the World Emperor to call them over here. With their many years of experience, they immediately knew that the reason Chen Xiang had gathered them here, was to kill them off in one go.

Xia Bailing had already laid out a spatial enchantment, so they couldn’t escape!

"Sister Bai Ling, let’s fight!" Chen Xiang was in a hurry to find the Island Spirit of this island.

Xia Bailing immediately used her strong spatial energy and separated all of their heads. Then, using her fire sword Dao mark, Chen Xiang released a fire sword and rushed towards them.

Although these forty people were all at the tenth stage of the Dao Po realm, they were all suppressed by Xia Bailing using spatial energy and had no power to resist, as they were easily killed by Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang took their heads and quickly returned to the underground palace. It had only been a day.

Seeing that Chen Xiang had returned so quickly, Shen Tianhu asked: "Can’t we find where they are?"

Shen Tianhu was still discussing how to attack with the other Rankers.

"No, I’ve already killed them all." After saying that, Chen Xiang threw the heads of the Realm King, the ten kings and the generals to the ground.

Looking at the familiar faces, Shen Tianhu and the rest were all dumbstruck, because these people were all strong enemies in their eyes, and now that their heads were all here, it did not even take a day!

Especially the World Emperor of the Dao profound realm. Previously, he was a strong enemy that was difficult for them to defeat.

"Hehe, Sister Bai Ling is a Dao Sovereign. With her help, it would be a piece of cake." Chen Xiang laughed: "Father, you should be able to handle those shrimp soldiers and crab generals, right?"

"There’s absolutely no problem. These dozens of people are the strongest on their side. Now that they’re all dead, there’s no difficulty at all." Shen Tianhu came back to reality. All these years, they had been thinking about how to take back their Earth Spirit World s and kill these people. They never thought that it would be done so easily by Chen Xiang.

"Dad, I’m going to find a guy. We’ll talk in private!" Chen Xiang said.

Shen Tianhu nodded. Then, he had an old man collect these human heads and show them to their warriors. This could increase their morale.

... ....

Shen Tianhu and Chen Xiang arrived at a secret room.

"Dad, when did the guy who gave you dreams not appear in your dreams?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Are you going to look for him? Do you know where he is? " Shen Tianhu asked.

"En, I think he is Island Spirit!" Chen Xiang nodded.

"Not long after I entered the Earth Spirit World, he no longer contacted me. He previously told me that he might not appear again." Shen Tianhu was very surprised to know that it was the Island Spirit, as if he had understood a lot of things.

"Could it be that he died because of the poisonous rain?" Shen Tianhu sighed: "He’s the same as my master, if not for him, I would have died long ago."

"I don’t think he died, but he is currently very weak. If he doesn’t get any more help, he might die, so I have to go find him." Chen Xiang said: "I think it’s very likely that he’s in the center of the earth."

"Is there really a way?" Shen Tianhu asked anxiously: "He never told me where he is, he only said that he was always on this island."

"If that’s really the case, then it’s almost certainly him." Chen Xiang said: "There’s no time to lose, I will go find him now. I need to talk to him first before I know how to help him!"

"Xiang’er, you have to do your best to help him!" Shen Tianhu patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder.

"Definitely!" Chen Xiang laughed: "I’ll go right now."

"Alright, you don’t need to worry about the things here. We can solve it." Shen Tianhu said.

Chen Xiang drilled into the ground from the underground palace. This place must be the closest to the earth’s core, and there was a place where the Flame Essence could come out.

Although he was not very sure, at the very least, this was the only direction in which he could search for the Island Spirit.

He quickly entered the core of the earth. With Xia Bailing using his spatial energy to protect himself, he did not have to worry about encountering any dangers down there.

"The earth’s core is withering away!" Xia Bailing said: "But the thing that I am sure of is, if there is a Island Spirit here, he is definitely still alive, as long as the Earth’s Heart does not die, he will not die."

However, right now, the inner core was only burning without being able to absorb the Great Dao Qi from the heaven and earth, and the ground was also being devoured by that deadly poison. Therefore, it was only a matter of time before this island was finished. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Chen Xiang was currently heading towards the location of the Core, and he could clearly sense the direction of the Core inside the Earth’s core. There was a terrifying and berserk energy there, if not for Xia Bailing, it would be extremely difficult for him to reach there.

Several hours later, he finally arrived at the core. It was a huge, fiery red bead. He touched it lightly with his hand and felt a strong suction force that sucked him in.