Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

When Fan Shixin found out that Chen Xiang had come to look for him, he felt it was somewhat funny.

"What is it? Is it impossible to enter? " Fan Shixin laughed, but seeing Chen Xiang’s ugly face, he did not laugh anymore.

"I’m going in!" Chen Xiang took a deep breath, "The situation inside is not good. Your native bank has been destroyed, and the inside is filled with endless danger!"

"Are you kidding? Did you really go in? We have tried all the Rankers in native bank, but none of them were able to break that barrier! " Fan Shixin said in disbelief. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Really, I almost died inside ..." Chen Xiang sighed: "Something called Black Hairs Human has appeared inside."

Chen Xiang told Fan Shixin about the appearance and abilities of the Black Hairs Human, and even created many images. He knew that Fan Shixin would definitely inform the higher-ups of the three great native bank s about this, and that the higher-ups of the three great native bank s might even know what it was.

"This is a very important matter!" When Fan Shixin heard about the situation inside, his expression became serious: "I will tell the big boss and the others!"

"Can you go in again?" Fan Shixin asked again.

"Of course, I want to take a look inside as well!" Although Chen Xiang was in a sorry state from being hunted, it was still considered to be safe. After getting his hands on the repaired Heavenly magic sword, he planned to go in and try again to see if he could kill one or two Black Hairs Human s to study.

Of course, what he was more curious about was how exactly were these Black Hairs Human born. Was there also a situation in the Evil Wasteland and above that caused the three great native bank s to be damaged?

"Then, can you bring our men in to take a look?" Fan Shixin asked again.

"This... I can bring them in, but I’m worried that if I bring them in, they’ll lose their lives. " Chen Xiang said, he currently did not know the exact strength of those Black Hairs Human s, but they were definitely strong, if not they would not have been destroyed.

"You don’t have to worry about that, we will send nine elite warriors, each of us three native bank s." Fan Shixin said: "Come find me when you go, bring them with you!"

"Alright!" Chen Xiang nodded.

The experts sent by the Three Great native bank must be very strong, Chen Xiang thought that nothing would happen at that time.

... ....

Spirit Wasteland, White Spirit City!

When Chen Xiang arrived, she immediately teleported over, she actually knew that Chen Xiang had entered her city.

"Little Scoundrel, you came to play with me so quickly, did you miss me?" Xia Bailing pinched Chen Xiang’s face and laughed.

"Sister Bai Ling, I miss you so much every day ..." Of course, I came here this time to tell you something important! " Chen Xiang grabbed onto Xia Bailing’s fair hands. He was a little serious at this moment, because when he thought about the Black Hairs Human running out from the profound Wasteland, he became extremely worried.

Xia Bailing stuck his tongue out at Chen Xiang, then immediately brought Chen Xiang to teleport into her secret room.

"What is it?" Xia Bailing asked.

Chen Xiang told Xia Bailing about the situation inside the profound Wasteland. Although Xia Bailing was a little lacking, she was still a Dao Sovereign and could be considered strong within the Spirit Wasteland, so he had to let her know.

Xia Bailing frowned and said: "This is not a good thing!"

"Sister Bai Ling, you know about those Black Hairs Human?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"I know a little ... Our master told us that these Black Hairs Human were all ... Their names are Natural Law Guardians ... " Xia Bailing’s face became serious.

Hearing these words, Chen Xiang had a bad feeling. Obviously, those Black Hairs Human were raised by the heavens, no wonder they were so terrifying.

"Was this caused by the Heavenly Dao and was specially designed to be destroyed?" Chen Xiang asked.

"That’s not true, my master said that a group of Natural Law Guardians made some mistakes in their creation, so they were abandoned and sealed in the Ancient Wastelands. Because these Natural Law Guardians are not easy to kill, if they were to kill them, they would have to pay a large price." Xia Bailing said.

"What price?" Chen Xiang said: "Isn’t this created by the heavens? The Heavenly Dao was so powerful, yet it could not be destroyed? You actually stayed behind to harm me! "

"It was created by the heavens, but I heard that the earliest group of people asked the heavens to create it, when the heavens were created, they gave their management to them, after that group of people found out that there was a big problem with the Natural Law Guardians, they sealed it! Because those people are not as strong as the Natural Law Guardians, it would not be easy for them to destroy it, and they can only be sealed. "

Xia Bailing sighed: "My master said, because those people asked the heavens to create those Natural Law Guardians s according to their description, and also because those people did not describe them meticulously enough, and there were many holes in their descriptions, and that group of people were afraid of angering the heavens, so they did not dare to let the heavenly dao reclaim those Natural Law Guardians s."

"Who are those people?" Chen Xiang asked, but he seemed to have already guessed who it was.

"I don’t know either. I only know that those people were originally in charge of controlling the Heavenly Dao. My master said that he was once one of those people." Xia Bailing said: "In the past, as long as they got an altar or something, like the Heavenly Dao asking for something, they could all get it. For the sake of saving trouble, that group of people asked a group of Natural Law Guardians s.

"This bunch of bastards!" Chen Xiang could not help but scold: "It’s a good thing that the profound Wasteland has a powerful barrier right now, but I don’t know how long they can hold it off. If that group of Black Hairs Human were to break through the barrier and come out, it would be dangerous for the New Eight Wastelands."

"Yes, but I can’t find those bastards anymore." Xia Bailing also scolded.

Chen Xiang felt that this group of people could very likely be the Natural Law Divine Spirit’s group. Although this group wasn’t bad, they didn’t have much ability, and were almost defeated by the Undead Divine Race and his group.

Right now, he did not know where the Natural Law Divine Spirit was either.

"I’m prepared to go in again after a period of time and check out the situation. This way, we’ll be better prepared in the future and I’ll need to bring the people from the three great native bank s in as well." Chen Xiang said.

"When are we leaving? "I’ll go too. You were already so dangerous the last time I went. I’m not at ease letting you go by yourself." Xia Bailing scoffed.

"Sister Bai Ling, you’re so nice. You’re so concerned about me." Chen Xiang chuckled, then pulled Xia Bailing’s little jade hand and rubbed it.

Xia Bailing pulled back her hand and said coquettishly: "You little scoundrel, you’re trying to take advantage of me again? When exactly are you going to set off for profound Wasteland? "

"In a few days!" Chen Xiang said: "Are you busy here? It’s still 10 years before you start your war with the beasts, don’t you need to prepare? "

"I am only responsible for refining the pills. The rest are for Xu Kong and Qingyang!" Come find me before you set out again. I’ll go tell this matter to Xu Kong and Qingyang, and let them be on their guard. " Xia Bailing said.