Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

It was currently late at night, and the stars and moon in the sky were covered by thick clouds. The quiet lake was very dark, and from time to time, a cold wind would blow across the lake.

Chen Xiang stood at the side of the lake and looked at the huge lake, he felt a strange chill, and used Dao heart Eye to float in the sky to look down.

"Ahh ..." Chen Xiang could not help but exclaim softly. At the same time, he took a deep breath of cool air, because this was simply too scary.

These golden specks of light were the hearts of the Black Hairs Human, meaning that there were countless Black Hairs Human under the lake!

If there were only ten or so of them, Chen Xiang had planned to have Xia Bailing kill them and study them. But with so many Black Hairs Human s down there, and he didn’t know how strong they were as a whole, he didn’t dare act rashly.

"Little Scoundrel, what did you see?" Xia Bailing, who was inside the You Yao Mountain Villa, could also feel a bit of the Black Hairs Human’s aura. Seeing that Chen Xiang had not moved even after such a long time and did not say a word, she knew that Chen Xiang must have seen an incredible thing.

"Sister Bai Ling, we should leave this place as soon as possible!" With that said, Chen Xiang teleported away and left the lake.

"What’s going on?" Xia Bailing asked anxiously.

"Below the lake are those Black Hairs Human, I estimate that there are at least a few hundred thousand of them!" When Chen Xiang thought about it, he could not help but feel chills down his spine, "Furthermore, there is a relatively big thing down there!"

Just now when he was floating in the air, he could only see a portion of the lake, but it was already a few hundred thousand. If it was the entire lake, millions of Black Hairs Human would definitely have it!

Other than this, he also saw a relatively large heart! Previously, when he was in the city using the Dao heart Eye to look at the Black Hairs Human s that were captured alive, he could already see the golden heart of the Black Hairs Human. This was also how he estimated the number of Black Hairs Human s below the lake, but just now, he saw a relatively large heart, he didn’t know what it was!

"It looks like this Natural Law Guardians is not only filled with humans, there must be other beasts as well. I wonder how strong those beasts are." Chen Xiang replied, "That lake is like a hornet’s nest!"

"Could it be that the Natural Law Guardians has not awakened?" Xia Bailing frowned: "In that case, it’s best not to disturb them!"

"Hmm, I never thought that there would be so many of these. I wonder how many of these things were created in the past." Chen Xiang nodded, he continued to search for places with water.

"Since the three profound Wasteland s have been sealed, there must be a lot of them!" Xia Bailing said: "It is very possible that it is just a Natural Law Guardians below the lake that was disturbed, which is why a small portion of them escaped. There should be a large portion of them that have yet to awaken."

"Sister Bai Ling, is there any Dao Sovereign with a cultivation level like yours in profound Wasteland?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Definitely!" Xia Bailing also knew the meaning behind Chen Xiang’s words, "Seems like even the existence of Dao Sovereigns are unable to stop the Black Hairs Human, and could even be killed by the Black Hairs Human!"

Chen Xiang found a small pond and discovered that there were six spots of light below. There should be six Black Hairs Human s.

"Sister Bai Ling, we should be able to make a move now. There are only six of them." Chen Xiang said to Xia Bailing.

"Alright, I’ll go now."

When Xia Bailing came out of the You Yao Mountain Villa, he looked at the lake below him. After taking a deep breath, he released his spatial energy to sense the bottom of the lake, and very quickly, he could sense the Black Hairs Human below him.

"They are all very strong, these are all at least Dao Shi realm!" Xia Bailing was shocked: "Seems like they are just small fries."

"Little Jun is already that terrifying!" Chen Xiang’s mouth twitched.

"It’s all because those people were too lazy back then. I only asked the heavens to create these guys to help them manage the world. I never would have thought that such a mistake actually happened." Xia Bailing snorted, then used the power of space to teleport all of the Black Hairs Human out from under the pool, at the same time slicing all of their limbs.

Black Hairs Human didn’t die, it was only that his four limbs were separated by the space. Now that he had gained the ability, Black Hairs Human was very angry, and his body released waves after waves of berserk energy.

Chen Xiang used the Dao heart Eye at the side, and discovered that the golden heart in Black Hairs Human’s body had instantly changed color, and used powers of different attributes.

"Humph!" Xia Bailing did not expect the Black Hairs Human to struggle so much, she rushed forward and smashed the heads of the Black Hairs Human s with her palm, smashing them into the Divine Sense Sea s.

"He shouldn’t be able to resist anymore!" Xia Bailing said.

"Hmm, these fellows’ hearts are all very strange, they can transform Dao Energy into different attributes." Chen Xiang said, then took out the Heavenly magic sword and dissected it.

He pulled out a heart that looked like it was made of gold!

"This is something created by the Heavenly Law. Of course, it’s not simple." Xia Bailing watched on from the side as well. Unexpectedly, these Black Hairs Human s did not bleed at all.

Xia Bailing also took out a short sword, she wanted to take a look at a heart, but she had to struggle to cut open a Black Hairs Human’s chest.

"Your sword is truly not simple!" Xia Bailing had easily taken out the heart when she first saw Chen Xiang, but it was extremely difficult for her.

It was only when Chen Xiang saw how difficult it was that he realized the toughness of the Black Hairs Human’s skin and flesh.

"Did you find anything?" Xia Bailing asked.

"Right now, I only know that the heart is a bit special." Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors, and then released a bit of profound Tao Power from it to envelop a Black Hairs Human’s body, but there was no reaction.

"Weird, these fellows are unable to break the formation set up by the profound Tao Power, they should be afraid of it." Chen Xiang said: "But there’s no reaction right now!"

"Try taking a look at the heart. The hearts of these Black Hairs Human s are more important!" Xia Bailing said.

Chen Xiang nodded his head, when he used the profound Tao Power to pour into the golden heart of the Black Hairs Human, he realized that the golden heart was trembling, and he continued to pour in!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The golden heart had actually exploded!

"What’s going on? Can’t the heart absorb too much of this profound Tao Power? " Chen Xiang said in pleasant surprise: "Looks like this is the Black Hairs Human’s weakness!"

"So you’re saying that when killing Black Hairs Human, the fastest way is to drive that profound Tao Power into their hearts?" Xia Bailing frowned, he looked at the golden heart in his palm, which looked like a golden eagle, glowing with a gold light.

"Hm!" It should be like this! " Chen Xiang nodded.

"Looks like we need to think of a way to cultivate this profound Tao Power!" Xia Bailing said: "With so many Black Hairs Human, it’s hard to say what will happen in the future!" Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Chen Xiang continued to study Black Hairs Human’s corpse and heart, he felt that there must be some other secret.