Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"How many Black Hairs Human s are there in the profound Wasteland?" Chen Xiang said: "Can they escape?"

"Back then, there were over a billion such Black Hairs Human sealed inside the profound Wasteland, but there were over four billion in the Devil Wasteland and the Devil Wasteland! Of course, these fellows are better than humans in that they will never kill each other. Furthermore, as long as one of them evolved into an Emperor, they would vow to follow that Emperor to the death. " The Natural Law Divine Spirit said.

Chen Xiang secretly cursed in his heart. What Natural Law Divine Spirit said just now was enough to prove the strength of those Black Hairs Human s.

"There shouldn’t be any Emperor-like Black Hairs Human in the profound Wasteland right now. Otherwise, it would be troublesome." Chen Xiang said.

"It’s hard to say. Even if he did, you don’t know. To be able to evolve to that degree, he must have very high intelligence, so his actions will still be very cautious." The Natural Law Divine Spirit said.

"Hmph, it’s all because of you lousy creatures. For the sake of laziness, you made such a terrifying thing." Chen Xiang snorted.

"I told you already, this is the previous Natural Law Divine Spirit’s fault. It has nothing to do with us." Natural Law Divine Spirit’s face was filled with grievance.

"Right, isn’t there another Divine Wasteland? What kind of place is that? " Chen Xiang asked.

"That place is very mysterious, we don’t know either. I only know that many generations of Natural Law Divine Spirit have gone to that place, and it is said that the place is where the Heavenly Dao transcends. As long as we go there, we will see the creator of the Heavenly Dao." Natural Law Divine Spirit’s face was full of yearning when he said this.

"So mysterious!" Chen Xiang was also very curious and wanted to take a look.

Of course, he couldn’t do it now. His cultivation base was very low. If he had a Dao Lord cultivation base, he wouldn’t be too far off.

"Inside the Sacred Wasteland, those Heaven Wasteland Aristocratic Family s are very interested in the Black Hairs Human. I remember that not long ago, I met a person from the Heaven Wasteland Aristocratic Family who came, and he even asked me where I was from. He said that he wanted to capture some of them and see if he could tame them into his slaves." The Natural Law Divine Spirit said.

"I think they want to train their own troops and then kill and plunder everywhere!" Earth’s Core Divine Spirit snorted: "I still understand the style of those bastards from Heaven Wasteland Aristocratic Family."

Speaking of the Heaven Wasteland Aristocratic Family, both Natural Law Divine Spirit and Earth’s Core Divine Spirit actually had the same grudge. One look was enough to tell that they had been bullied by the Heaven Wasteland Aristocratic Family.

Chen Xiang secretly thought it was funny, these Gods were down and out, being humiliated to such a degree by others, but they could not say anything, they were truly aggrieved.

"I think those guys will know where the Natural Law Guardians is soon. When the time comes, they might send people over to capture them. If you meet them, you must be careful of them and not have any conflicts with them! Otherwise, none of us will be able to save you. " Natural Law Divine Spirit warned.

"Are they really scary?" Chen Xiang didn’t understand Sacred Wasteland at all, "Could it be that the strongest is not a Dao Sovereign?"

"Among the tenth stage of the Heavenly Dao, the Dao Sovereign Stage is only at the ninth stage. There’s even a Dao God Stage behind it!" Natural Law Divine Spirit curled his lips. "We were originally in the Dao God Stage. Because something happened to the Heavenly Dao, we fell back to the Dao Sovereign Realm!"

"So it’s like that!" Chen Xiang recalled that the realm Xia Bailing had told him about, was indeed only nine realms.

"In the Sacred Wasteland, there are a lot of Dao Sovereigns and Dao Gods. That place is where these kind of people gather to begin with. There are even demon and demon beasts there." The Earth’s Core Divine Spirit replied, "Right now, all of us gods are inside there."

"Then can I go now?" Chen Xiang really wanted to go there and take a look. He felt that there would definitely be some good pills inside.

"It’s best if you don’t go first. You have too many good things on you, but there are many wolves in there! You need to be clear, even though the three native bank s have strength, it is not their decision to make. There are many terrifying fellows within the Sacred Wasteland, and there are some that even the three native bank s do not dare to offend! If they want to take your thing away, you can’t do anything about it. " The Natural Law Divine Spirit hastily said.

He knew Chen Xiang’s ability, if Chen Xiang really wanted to go, he could definitely go!

"Alright, wait for me to become stronger!" Chen Xiang said.

Chen Xiang now knew what he wanted to know and the Natural Law Divine Spirit and the Earth’s Core Divine Spirit had left as well.

"Even though my Core is a bit clear, it’s still safe. The upper echelons are really too frightening. What Black Hairs Human is this, and what Heaven Wasteland Aristocratic Family is this." Huo Lin said. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"Only by going out and messing around would I be able to live a fulfilling life." Chen Xiang patted his head: "Go activate the array, see if we can successfully transfer the energy to the ground."

Huo Lin went to open the formation plate, and then exclaimed in joy: "It’s a success, and the speed at which it was delivered was even quicker."

Not long after, Tie Yuntian used the Transmission array Plate to come here and discussed about setting up the array disc with Huo Lin. From the looks of it, he planned to place a few more here.

In order to be able to come here at any time, Tie Yuntian had set up a Transmission array Plate here. As a formation master, he had this plate with him.

Chen Xiang had already left the Core of the Earth, and returned to the surface. He still had to refine pills, and the more he understood of Black Hairs Human, the more he felt threatened.

Now, not only did Chen Xiang have to cultivate the profound Tao Power, he also had to raise his cultivation level. He had just stepped into the Dao Po realm, he was simply too weak!

Not only would the advancement of his base level allow him to have greater strength, it would also allow him to relax while he was refining pills.

After entering the Dao Po realm, eating Shengdao Dan s was useless, and there were not many pills that he could eat now. Although it was useful, the effects were not very obvious, especially when he was in a rush to raise his cultivation.

"This Dao Po realm is a very high cultivation, you can’t rush it!" Xia Bailing said: "With me protecting you now, you don’t have to worry about anything."

Chen Xiang recalled that the moment he stepped into the Heavenly Dao Realm, he had also improved by leaps and bounds! In the past, if he wanted to reach Zongshi realm, it would take a lot of time. Furthermore, the amount of medicinal pills he had to consume was difficult to count.

And now that he had broken through to the Heavenly Dao Realm along the way, he didn’t consume many pills, and he only consumed a little bit of time.

"The pills I consume are mostly the recipes of this Desolate Land!" It should be from the New Eight Wastelands, could it be that the older the pill formula, the more powerful it is? " Chen Xiang thought for a while, then asked Xia Bailing: "Sister Bai Ling, do you have any ancient pill formulas?"

"Our Spirit Wasteland is also an Ancient Eight Desolations, alright? Of course I have an ancient pill formula, but the prerequisite is that you have to have the medicinal ingredients!" Xia Bailing said: "I have a pill formula, and the pills are specially made for the Dao Po realm, it’s just that the ingredients have been gone for a long time."

"What is that pill?" As long as those medicinal herbs have been here before, I can find them! " Chen Xiang said.