Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Gold House Home Home Page | Total Clicklist | Weekly Clicklist | Monthly Clicklist | General Collection Legacy Version | Collect Golden House | Set as First Page Gold Room Chinese, Golden Book House

[ /images/hjw_10.jpg Golden Room Chinese, Golden Room /images/banner.jpg ] [ /images/hjw_15.jpg First Page

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents] /images/hjw_20.jpg ]

The article’s query: Popular keywords: "The Great King of the Daolords is sparing your life in the myth of the era of flying swords". Light blue ocean bright yellow handsome green light elegant red powder aristocratic family white world gray world gold house Chinese

Previous Chapter Next Chapter Advertisement

Author’s: Fantasy | Oriental fantasy | Upgrade | Cultivation | Hot blood | Shuang Shuang | Beauty | Queen Palace | Martial God | Elegant | Ambiguous | Pills | Silent Rogue | Arrogant Pill God | More Please remember the name of this site: Golden House Pride World Pill God Chapter 2525 Tianpo fruit

Chen Xiang was not just bragging. He also did a lot of things to find medicinal ingredients, and most of them were successful.

Xia Bai Ling said: "The main point of Dao Po realm is to transform Bones into a Dao Soul, and the stronger the Dao Soul is, the stronger the Dao Spirit becomes, and the difference between the first and the second stage of Dao Po realm is huge."

"I know about this. What sort of pills would be needed to increase my Dao Soul quickly?" Chen Xiang asked.

"That kind of pill is called Shipo Dan, it can help people to cultivate all the way to the tenth level of Dao Po realm, and there is only one type of herb that is needed!" Xia Bai Ling said: "That thing is called the Tianpo fruit, it’s a kind of fruit that looks like fire. I have never seen it before, so I have never refined this kind of pill before. I don’t know if it really exists."

"Is this a very ancient pill formula?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course. Otherwise, how could I not find the medicinal herbs?" The ancient pill formulas are usually very strong, so the herbs that are required are also very good ones. However, because the herbs were extinct later on, other herbs will be replaced. As the generations go by, the recipes get worse and worse. " Many of the apothecaries had no idea what to do in this situation.

"I must find that Tianpo fruit. That way, I can instantly reach the tenth level of Dao Po realm." Chen Xiang said. The same thing happened to him when he rose up from the Dao Dan realm.

"If possible, that would be for the best!" Although Xia Bailing was now a Dao Sovereign, she still hoped to see that pill, which would make her White Spirit City stronger.

"I wonder if this profound Wasteland has it!" Chen Xiang was just about to go find Tie Xiong, she didn’t think that Tie Xiong would come.

"Brother Shen, what happened to the matter at the core of the earth?" Tie Xiong was very curious about this. He had asked Tie Yuntian, but Tie Yuntian hadn’t told him anything.

"The progress is not too bad. If it’s open, your father will tell you." Chen Xiang laughed, "Tie Xiong, I’m currently in urgent need of a type of medicinal ingredient, can you help me find one!"

"If it was before, this would definitely be an easy task, but now ..." "You know." Tie Xiong knew that Chen Xiang was an extremely powerful pill refiner, but there were limited amounts of ingredients available, so he couldn’t even concoct a little pellet right now. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Chen Xiang took out a pen and paper, and drew the pattern of a Tianpo fruit on the paper according to the image that Xia Bailing had told him.

"Alright, I’ll keep an eye out for you." Tie Xiong nodded.

Right now, Chen Xiang was in a hurry to find the Tianpo fruit, so after greeting Tie Xiong, he left the city and returned to Divine City with three coins.

"It’s impossible for there to be people in the profound Wasteland. There are way more humans in the profound Wasteland than Spirit Desolate. Furthermore, with this kind of situation, we might as well find a way to rely on the New Eight Wastelands." "You have so much jade money right now, and those kinds of medicinal herbs are only of the King Stage High Rank."

Chen Xiang came to the Three-Qian Divine City and went straight to the Immortal Bank to find Fan Shixin.

"Manor Lord Fan, your complexion isn’t too good. What happened?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Two things happened, but it was not a good thing!" Seated on the chair, Fan Shixin let out a long sigh: "All of this is related to those Black Hairs Human s."

"The first thing is that the people we sent out earlier have all detected the last thing we want to happen."

Hearing Fan Shixin’s words, Chen Xiang also thought of something.

"They found a total of twenty lakes on top of the profound Wasteland. Twelve of them have already awakened, and each lake has tens of millions of Black Hairs Human."

Chen Xiang nodded, he had previously heard from the God of Heaven’s Path that there were more than a billion Black Hairs Human s here.

"The reason why these fellows woke up is because one of them evolved and produced a leader. It was this leader who woke them up! The six warriors we sent out were all killed by that leader. " When Fan Shixin mentioned this matter, his face was filled with pain: "I never thought that they would be so powerful."

"It looks like we have to prepare for the worst!" Chen Xiang’s expression became serious.

"The second thing, although it looks like a good thing, I feel like it’s a bad thing." Fan Shixin said: "Chen Xiang, how much do you know about Sacred Wasteland?"

"I know a little, but I heard that the Big Villa Masters and Second Villa Masters of the three big banks are all in the Sacred Wasteland, and there are even some Heaven Wasteland Aristocratic Family s up there." Chen Xiang said.

"It seems like you know quite a lot!" Fan Shixin was a little surprised, then said: "The second thing is that those Heaven Wasteland Aristocratic Family s are preparing to send people here to go into the Evil Wasteland, Demon Emperor and profound Wasteland to capture them. They want these Black Hairs Human s to become their slaves!"

The Heavenly God and Geocentric Divine Spirit had already mentioned this to Chen Xiang before. He did not expect those Heaven Wasteland Aristocratic Family s to act so quickly.

"Although the Heaven Wasteland Aristocratic Family is powerful, but we cannot underestimate them even with so many Black Hairs Human! Right now, the Black Hairs Human was still trapped inside the three ancient barriers. Although those barriers would be destroyed by the Black Hairs Human sooner or later, at the very least, it could delay a lot of things! Especially the profound Wasteland. The current situation in the profound Wasteland is the best, so the Black Hairs Human inside are all very quiet. "

"If Heaven Wasteland Aristocratic Family were to enter the profound Wasteland, he would definitely enrage those Black Hairs Human! Evil Wasteland and the other Black Hairs Human s are even more so, this will only increase the speed of Black Hairs Human breaking through the barrier. " Fan Shixin said, "But the three great banks cannot stop those fellows."

Chen Xiang scolded in a low voice: "This bunch of bastards, if the enchantment is broken, the one who will be in trouble will be us!"

Fan Shixin nodded his head: "Right now, the three big banks above Sacred Wasteland have already made preparations, they will help us refine some array discs to protect the cities inside the New Eight Wastelands, I just do not know how much they can refine, so time is very important to us right now."

"Manor Lord Fan, can you help me find this medicinal plant? I need it urgently. If you can find it, I’m willing to pay ten billion for it." Chen Xiang took out the image of the Tianpo fruit and gave it to Fan Shixin.

"This seems to be called a Tianpo fruit!" Fan Shixin frowned: "This kind of fruit is rare even in the Sacred Wasteland, if you bid 10 billion, you should be able to buy it!"

"That’s great!" Chen Xiang was pleasantly surprised: "Villa Master Fan, I’ll leave it to you!"

"It’s nothing. If it wasn’t for you, we probably wouldn’t even know about the matters of the Black Hairs Human. Although some guys know about it, they plan to hide it." Fan Shixin snorted: "I don’t even know what those fellows are thinking. The matter is already so serious, they should be telling us to be prepared."

Chen Xiang felt that those big guys that Fan Shixin was talking about should be the bunch of useless trash, like the God of Heaven.

At this time, a young man walked in with a grave expression on his face.

Fan Shixin nodded at him, indicating that he could speak.

Third Villa Master, Undead Divine Race and the Evil Spirit Race are right beside the Evil Wasteland. They are preparing to open an opening for the Black Hairs Human s inside to come out. The man’s words shook both Chen Xiang and Fan Shixin.

They had previously forgotten about the Undead Divine Race and the Evil Spirit Clan, they did not expect that they were actually causing trouble now. Then, without permission, the group of Heaven Wasteland Aristocratic Family’s group directly entered the Three Money Divine City, clearly showing that they were intentionally provoking the three big banks.

"This will only make things more complicated!" Fan Shixin stood up and let out a long sigh, "Let’s go see what those bunch of fellows from Heaven Wasteland Aristocratic Family are up to first."

Please remember your home domain name: Golden House

Shortcut keys: Previous Chapter | Next Chapter (" "or" tP") Next Chapter (" → "or" tN") Back button: Back to the page Previous Chapter | Arrogant Pill God Catalog | Next Chapter Mobile (Simplified) Mobile Phone Page Version (Traditional)

Browse Records [ /images/hjw_35.jpg ]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Letter Index: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | J | K | L | M | N | P | Q | R | S | T | W | X | Y | Z

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Contact us: [email protected] Page Execution Time: 0.0020017