Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang used the Transmission array here to teleport to the Heavenly Dragon City.

There were already three native bank s in the Heavenly Dragon City, which made Chen Xiang feel a lot more at ease. Currently, the formations of the Heavenly Dragon City and the Hundreds of Flowers Village were being changed as they could defend against those Black Hairs Human s.

"Heavenly Dragon City’s defense is pretty good!" Xia Bailing said: "I need to return to my White Spirit City to prepare after a while. Those Black Hairs Human are truly too terrifying, who knows when they will be able to break through the barrier and escape."

"Mn, I can talk to Long Jiuxiao about it when the time comes. He is extremely familiar with these array formations." At this time, he was walking toward Long Jiuxiao’s Nine Heavens Dragon Manor.

Under Long Jiuxiao’s management, the few God Tribes and humans got along very harmoniously.

"Little Scoundrel!" Suddenly, Chen Xiang heard a sweet shout that sounded like a child’s cry.

"Yue Er!"

A white kitten flew over, chuckling as it landed on top of Chen Xiang’s head.

"I missed you so much!" Chen Xiang hurriedly grabbed Yue’er and rubbed her. He hadn’t seen Yue’er this little kitten for a long time.

"Hmph, you have so many women by your side, how could I be in your heart?" Yue’er pouted coquettishly and mewled a few times.

"Didn’t you already turn into a little girl?" Chen Xiang laughed as he placed her on his palm.

"I still think that this image is better!" Yue’er stuck out her tongue: "Are you going to look for Long Jiuxiao? "This guy is not in the Dragon Manor. He took his men to the city gates to fight."

"Fight?" Chen Xiang frowned: "Who is he fighting? Don’t tell me that you are going against those enemies of his? "

Back then, Long Jiuxiao was in the hands of a group of dragons. However, he was poisoned at that time, so Long Jiuxiao’s enemy was quite strong.

"No, it seems to be more than ten red-faced monsters!" Yue’er replied, "We’ll know after we go and take a look. I just heard about it and decided to head there."

Chen Xiang brought Yue’er and walked toward the city gate.

"Yue Er, are you usually at Dragon Manor?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No, I run around. Sometimes I go to the cat forest, sometimes I go to the Starmoon Mountain ... ..." However, I often come to Hundreds of Flowers Village to tease those small dragons out of boredom. " Yue’er smiled and said, "I, too, come often!"

In the Heavenly Dragon City, the cat forest was where the Cat Race lived. In the Star Moon Mountain, the Star Moon Divine Race was the dragon village, and the Undead Divine Race was in the undying shrine.

"You must have bullied those little dragons a lot." Chen Xiang said with a smile on his face. When he approached the city gate, he sensed a burst of aura and his expression changed as he rushed to the city wall. brought Jiu Canghai and the rest and was just about to confront the dozens of youths.

Earlier, when Yue’er said that it was some sort of red-faced monster, Chen Xiang really thought that it was some kind of demon beast. He didn’t think that it was actually a human, it was just that half of the faces of the dozen or so people were flushed red, because they were the dozen or so youths who were slapped by the bald headed plate back in Three Money Divine City.

"Why are they here?" Chen Xiang’s expression became serious.

"What is it? You’re the one who brought him here? " Yue’er asked, "Who are they? They seem to be very powerful!"

"They are from the Heaven Wasteland Aristocratic Family ..." Chen Xiang immediately told Yue’er about the matter of the Heaven Wasteland Aristocratic Family, and also told her about the dozen or so youths getting beaten up.

"Ah... It seems like these guys are here to vent their anger after getting hit! " Yue Er said.

"They are all cultivators of the Dao Sect, there is no need to worry!" Xia Bailing suddenly came out from the You Yao Mountain Villa, pinched Yue’er a little, and then hugged Yue’er to his chest while laughing. Yue’er also rubbed Xia Bailing’s well-developed chest with her two little claws, making Chen Xiang curse in his heart.

Xia Bailing had stayed in the Hundreds of Flowers Village for a few days, and Yue’er had often played with her at that time.

"Hey, I heard you’re a dragon! In the Sacred Wasteland, there aren’t many dragons! We’ve always wanted to catch one, but we couldn’t do so. Now that we’ve recovered, we actually found one here, and it seems rather weak! " His originally black face had now become much better, only there was a red mark on it.

"Canghai, you guys go into the city!" Long Jiuxiao said in a heavy voice.

Although Jiu Canghai had levelled up quickly, he was still not a match for this group of youngsters. He, Gu Dongchen and the others all listened to Long Jiuxiao and returned back to Heavenly Dragon City.

"Why are you capturing dragons?" Long Jiuxiao asked as he saw Jiu Canghai and the others return and close the door.

"To ride, of course!" The purple robed man laughed loudly.

"Go home and ride your father!" Long Jiuxiao was furious, a shadow of a dragon claw suddenly appeared and grabbed at the purple-clothed man’s head.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"

The purple clothed man suddenly cried out miserably, only to see that there were a few bloody holes on his face, that had been clawed out by Long Jiuxiao. What was terrifying was that Long Jiuxiao actually managed to grab his face, the purple clothed man’s eyeballs and nose were all holes, his skin and bones were all ripped apart!

Seeing this scene, Xia Bailing and Yue’er also took a deep breath.

"Quickly kill him!" The purple-clothed man cried out miserably.

"If you want to die, then don’t!" Long Jiuxiao roared, the dragon’s roar shook the entire sky, the power behind it caused people to feel fear.

"This guy is actually a Dao Sovereign!" Xia Bailing exclaimed.

Feeling Long Jiuxiao’s anger and that terrifying might, the purple clothed man and the others all knew that they had kicked an iron board again, causing them to feel extremely stifled in their hearts.

"Let’s go!" He knew that Long Jiuxiao would definitely dare to kill him.

"Bastards of the Heaven Wasteland Aristocratic Family, I, Long Jiuxiao, have never been afraid of you!" Long Jiuxiao roared, the sky suddenly became dark, and black clouds started rolling.

Seeing this, the youngsters ran as fast as they could.

Chen Xiang also heaved a sigh of relief, he was previously worried that Long Jiuxiao might not be able to handle it!

"Not good, the direction they are heading towards is the Hundreds of Flowers Village!" Just as Xia Bailing finished speaking, she grabbed onto Yue’er and teleported over with Chen Xiang.

Hundreds of Flowers Village is not far from Heavenly Dragon City!

The group of youngsters were running very fast, so when Xia Bailing brought Chen Xiang there, the group of youngsters had already activated the invisible enchantment around Hundreds of Flowers Village. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"There is a barrier here, is the Hundreds of Flowers Village inside? Those fellows from the Undead Divine Race seemed to have said that there was a Hundreds of Flowers Village here, and all of them were exceptionally beautiful. " A blue-robed man laughed obscenely.

"Let’s go in!" The purple-clothed man took out some powder and smeared it on his face. His rotten face quickly recovered and he grinned sinisterly.

"Hey, are you really going in?" A woman asked. Four of these people were women.

"Of course, there are beauties inside. I want to bring them back to the maidservants!" The purple robed man began to laugh evilly.

"We need a few maids as well. When the time comes, we must viciously beat up this bitch. Otherwise, it will be hard to swallow her anger today." A woman said fiercely.