Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang now also had the time to refine Shipo Dan. Not only did he need to refine them for himself, there were also people around him, especially the Heavenly Dragon City. Ybdu.

The Heavenly Dragon City had just been established, so compared to the other cities here, it was relatively weak. Therefore, they needed more pills to quickly upgrade it.

Tianpo fruit s were extremely unique. During the twenty-four hours of the day, the color of their bodies changed every single time. This change was mainly because of the mysterious power inside the Tianpo fruit.

"Sister Bai Ling, are the Shipo Dan easy to refine?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I don’t know either, but looking at the pill formula, this isn’t a difficult pill to refine. Aren’t you capable of refining a high-grade king level pill?" As long as he could concoct a pill of this level, refining a Shipo Dan would not be difficult! You were able to refine such a difficult Shengdao Dan, that is definitely not a problem. " Xia Bailing said.

Chen Xiang took out two Tianpo fruit s. These Tianpo fruit’s color was different, but the energy inside them was the same.

Refining a batch of Shipo Dan only required two, and the amount of medicinal ingredients required was not too good. For the same kind of medicinal ingredients, refining them would be extremely easy, and when refining different sets of medicinal ingredients, it would become extremely difficult to fuse them.

Chen Xiang placed the Tianpo fruit into the furnace and released the flames. He used the Heavenly Alchemy to refine the Illusory Fire, which was easier to refine medicinal ingredients, to burn the medicinal ingredients from the inside. As long as there were no special medicinal ingredients, he could use the Illusory Flame to refine the medicinal ingredients quickly.

It didn’t take long, roughly more than two hours, for Chen Xiang to successfully refine the two Tianpo fruit, and fuse them extremely easily.

"As expected, it’s easy to refine!" Chen Xiang had already entered the process of preparing the Congealing Pellet, he divided it into four parts and prepared to condense four Shipo Dan s.

Chen Xiang had refined a lot of high level king level pellets before, so he was very proficient in refining Shipo Dan now. He finished refining them in one go.

At this time, Xia Bailing was also concocting pills in the secret room. She was refining Shipo Dan s just like Chen Xiang, but she wasn’t as fast as him.

Seeing that Chen Xiang had refined a cauldron, Xia Bailing snorted lightly: "You are truly a strange fellow. Pill refining is always so easy!"

Xia Bailing knew that Chen Xiang had a very special pill technique. She had found out about it in the Hundreds of Flowers Village and even created a lot of pill techniques, but that would take a very long time to master. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"Once I’ve cultivated to the tenth stage of the Dao Po realm, I’ll go refine Emperor Profound Pills!" Chen Xiang was concerned about the Diprofound fruit now, not only did he need to raise his cultivation, he also needed to cultivate the profound Tao Power.

In the future, a large number of Black Hairs Human would engulf the entire Wasteland. At that time, only with a powerful profound Tao Power would they not need to fear the Black Hairs Human.

"This Shipo Dan is really special!" Chen Xiang looked at the four Shipo Dan s in his palm. They were currently changing their color, and would change every few moments.

"Let’s give it a try, isn’t it like in the legends, able to make people level up quickly when using the Dao Po realm?!" Xia Bailing said: "Although this pill is easy to refine, the ingredients required are extremely rare! "Most rare medicinal materials go extinct because they are more useful."

Chen Xiang nodded his head, this Shipo Dan must be very useful, so many people would pick all the ingredients, and grow them very difficult, which is why they would go extinct.

When Chen Xiang ate one pill, he immediately felt a chill in his stomach, as if his stomach had gotten the wind. Not long after, his entire body started to feel cold, but what surprised him was that his body had gotten lighter.

"What’s going on? My whole body is very cold! " Chen Xiang said in shock.

"Let’s wait and see!" Xia Bailing said: "Use your cultivation technique to see how you will react!"

Chen Xiang had already activated his cultivation technique to refine the medicinal force, his entire body was still cold, but he felt that when he was channeling his Spirit Qi, it became much easier.

After refining the medicinal strength, he gradually recovered to his normal state.

"The effect is very good. I feel that I will break through to the second layer soon!" Chen Xiang laughed, it was just that this pill tasted a little strange.

Then, he ate another pellet. Not long after, he broke through.

At this moment, he was using his dao energy. With the conversion of his dao soul, his strength had doubled. If his strength were to double, then that would be a huge boost.

Xia Bailing suddenly took out a piece of Communication jade Symbol paper, and after receiving the message, he said: "The three great native bank s have gathered us City Lord, I don’t know what’s the matter, you can start concocting pills here, I’ll be back shortly!"

"Alright!" Chen Xiang nodded.

When Xia Bailing left the secret room, he continued to refine Shipo Dan s. He wanted the Dao Po realm to reach the tenth stage of the Dao Po realm, and he needed a lot of Shipo Dan s, so he needed to hurry up and refine them.

Currently, he could refine one furnace in four hours, which was pretty fast.

After he refined two batches, Xia Bailing returned.

"Why did the Three Great native bank s gather you? Is there anything important? " Chen Xiang asked.

"Something very important! The Villa Masters of the Three Great native bank s said that they can help us train a group of people, mainly to deal with the Black Hairs Human in the future! " Xia Bailing said with a grave expression on her face, "It seems like the three great native bank s have the best plans for the worst!"

"The Black Hairs Human’s army is indeed scary. Take the profound Wasteland who has the best situation right now as an example, the Black Hairs Human inside are all very scary! Not to mention the Devil Wasteland s, the first two groups that came out were the Devil Wasteland s and the Evil Wasteland s. " Chen Xiang said.

"The Three Great native bank s said that they can take our people to the Sacred Wasteland to train! Their three great native bank s are currently training their warriors in the Sacred Wasteland, and now they plan to train us together. " Xia Bailing said.

"This is a good thing!" Chen Xiang laughed: "I also want to go to Sacred Wasteland to take a look."

Your relationship with the three great native bank s is so close, so you can definitely go there. Also, they are currently training from the Dao Dan realm to the Dao Zong realm, it’s just that every city has a quota. Xia Bailing said.

"Then I will return to the Three Money Divine City to register!" Chen Xiang said: "Going to Sacred Wasteland to train is a good opportunity, I should be able to learn a lot from it."

... ....

When Chen Xiang left the White Spirit City and came to the Three Money Divine City, many people were discussing about going to the Sacred Wasteland to train.

The city had given them many slots, but they had to pass the examination because it was free during training. Furthermore, during training, they had to go out to gain experience and other things like that, so when the time came, they might lose their lives.

When Chen Xiang came to the Eternal Life Native Bank and told Fan Shixin that he also wanted to go there, Fan Shixin immediately agreed without hesitation. Furthermore, he could send him to the Sacred Wasteland right now.

"Chen Xiang, you have to restrain yourself when you go to Sacred Wasteland!" laughed. He now knew a lot of things about Chen Xiang’s past and knew that Chen Xiang was the person who would cause trouble.