Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang used the God Murdering Sword Techniques, and released it! But the most amazing thing about the God Murdering Sword Techniques was that it could make Chen Xiang’s time different from others’, which was equivalent to using the power of the Time Laws.

Just like that, Song Yongying only watched as Chen Xiang brandished his sword, and in the next moment, she felt the sword in her hand being smashed away by Chen Xiang!

If it was just a competition of swords, if his sword fell to the ground, it would be the same as losing!

Song Yongying stared blankly at the sword on the ground, while her hands were trembling, it was all because Chen Xiang’s strength was too strong, causing her sword to fall down.

"You lost!" Chen Xiang smiled faintly, then returned the heavy sword in his hand back to the senior brother. Everyone was still stunned.

"Who did you learn your sword art from?" Song Yongying picked up his sword, and frowned: This sword technique is only known to our Eternal Life School, and he has never passed it down to anyone, even his own children cannot learn it.

The God Murdering Sword Techniques was one of the mysterious Four Great Taboo magic s, and could be traced back to the ancient times.

Hearing this, Chen Xiang also felt that it was surprising, there was actually someone in the Eternal Life School who knew how to use the God Murdering Sword Techniques!

"A friend passed it on to me." He did not lie. He felt that it was strange, since the God Murdering Sword Techniques could not be taught to outsiders, why would it be passed down to the astral age?

Also, the Heavenly Alchemy, these two techniques were very frightening.

"Do you know the name of this sword technique?" Song Yongying asked: "Our Sword Hall Elder does not know, he only accidentally acquired this sword technique. He used it several times, especially every time he used it, there would be an extremely terrifying sword intent, which is why I was able to recognize it."

For the Sword Hall Elder to not know the name of the God Murdering Sword Techniques, Chen Xiang felt that it was even stranger.

"Can I see him?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course, I will take you there. He will definitely be very interested in this matter." Song Yongying said.

... ....

After that, Song Yongying brought Chen Xiang to a mountain peak beside the mountain. This was the residence of the Sword Hall Elder.

"I once learned sword techniques from an elder for a period of time. He is a very benevolent old grandpa." Song Yongying chuckled.

"Elder, I’m here again." Song Yongying shouted to a small hut.

"Little girl, did you lose again, and now you’re asking me for guidance?" Laughter came from within the house. After the door was opened, a white-haired old man appeared. The old man looked very energetic and wore a spotlessly white robe. Although he had white hair and white eyebrows, his skin was like that of an infant’s.

"Mn, I lost again. I even lost to a little kid from the Dao Po realm." Song Yongying looked at Chen Xiang who was at the side: "He’s the one who defeated me, the sword techniques he uses are very similar to yours!"

Sword Hall Elder looked at Chen Xiang, he was a little doubtful: "Little girl, I don’t really understand your words, what do you mean his sword technique is very similar to mine?"

"It’s that mysterious sword technique of yours ..." Song Yongying told the entire process of her duel with Chen Xiang to Sword Hall Elder.

"Really?" Sword Hall Elder did not dare believe it.

Song Yongying handed over a sword to Chen Xiang and said: "Use that move again!"

Chen Xiang also wanted to talk to the Sword Hall Elder. After he took the long sword out, just as he was about to wave it, a rock at the side was sliced into several pieces.

Sword Hall Elder was stunned, he never thought that he would actually meet a person who could use this kind of mysterious sword technique!

"Little girl, you go back first. I want to have a good talk with this little guy." The Sword Hall Elder seemed to be very cautious and secretive about this matter. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

"En!" Song Yongying nodded, then flew out of the mountain peak.

After Song Yongying left, the Sword Hall Elder immediately pulled him into the house and asked: "Little brother, do you know the name of the sword technique?"

"Of course! Senior, could it be that you do not know about it? " Chen Xiang asked: That second senior sister just said that you never knew the name of this sword technique, then how did you get it?

"Of course I know, this is called God Murdering Sword Techniques, right!" Sword Hall Elder said: "I was just lying, I just did not want the name of this sword technique to be known."

"Why can’t I let others know that this is the God Murdering Sword Techniques?" Chen Xiang did not understand.

"Trouble!" The Sword Hall Elder sighed, "Do you know that the God of Slaughter is the God that you killed?"

Chen Xiang shook his head: "I don’t know, I only know what kind of one of the Four Great Taboo magic s this is!"

Sword Hall Elder was surprised again, "You sure know quite a lot! This God Murdering Sword Techniques was passed down from the Divine Wasteland, not to mention this place, even the Divine Wasteland itself would have this Taboo magic! "

"Why? Is it invincible when used on them? " Chen Xiang asked again.

"I heard that in the Divine Wasteland, the strength of the experts are about the same, but if someone were to master the God Murdering Sword Techniques, they can easily kill the other Gods." The Sword Hall Elder said: "So don’t speak the name of this sword technique randomly, it will bring about a fatal disaster."

Chen Xiang did not expect it to be so serious, he thought that since the God Murdering Sword Techniques was created in this era, he could use it without any reservations, and now, the Sword Hall Elder had to secretly use it.

"You can still use it, but don’t attract too much attention. At the same time, don’t mention the name of this sword technique." Sword Hall Elder said: "I heard that all the experts in Divine Wasteland who knew how to use this sword technique were all dead. If the experts in Divine Wasteland could obtain this sword technique again, they would be able to break the balance in."

"They’re all dead? It’s so serious! " Chen Xiang’s heart was filled with fear, luckily he did not say the name of the sword skill in public, but many people in Nine Heaven World knew of the Four Great Taboo magic.

Chen Xiang did not know how strong the Sword Hall Elder was, but it was obvious that he was strong, and with his level of strength, he was actually on tenterhooks.

"Let’s not talk about this anymore. Did you come here to learn how to deal with those Black Hairs Human s?" Sword Hall Elder asked.

"Mn, I’m not a disciple of Eternal Life School." Chen Xiang nodded.

"Come visit me when you have time. Oh right, do not spread the name of this sword technique, especially in the Sacred Wasteland. If it gets out, then you can even spread it to the Divine Wasteland." Sword Hall Elder warned Chen Xiang again.

"Senior, are the four great Taboo magic s all above Divine Wasteland? Have you heard of the Heavenly Alchemy? " Chen Xiang asked again, he had always wanted to know who created the Heavenly Alchemy.

Just like the God Murdering Sword Techniques, it is something that many rankers in the Divine Wasteland want to obtain. This is because only by obtaining the Taboo magic, can they break the balance and win against the other powerhouses, becoming the tyrants of the Divine Wasteland. " The Sword Hall Elder said.