Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang sneaked into a cave of a savage beast, which was also a rather strong savage beast. From the Qi, Chen Xiang could tell that although the wild beast had already been controlled, its power was still there.

What made Chen Xiang relieved was that when he got closer, the Barbaric Beast did not notice him. After he entered, he saw that it was a gigantic bull that was resting right now.

However, the moment someone entered this valley, the savage beasts inside would immediately become irritable. This was because they were arranged to be here in order to stop the humans that entered the Sacred Tao Mountains.

When Chen Xiang got closer, he used the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell to sneak into the Divine Sense Sea of the ox beast and search for the contract to imprison the cow beast.

Very quickly, Chen Xiang found the force of the contract that restricted the Cow Beast!

"I just need to get rid of this contract’s power." To Chen Xiang, this was still rather difficult, because if he were to mess up, even he himself would be affected.

"It seems very difficult!" Chen Xiang thought about it, but in the end, he did not make a move. This contract power was extremely mysterious, he did not know how to remove it, but he knew who would be able to do so.

"I need to make a trip back to the New Eight Wastelands!" Chen Xiang decided to call Xu Youqing back, otherwise, he would not be able to carry out his plan.

He used a few days’ time to ask Fan Shixin to teleport him back to the Heavenly Dragon City, and he let Xu Youqing and Yue’er enter the You Yao Mountain Villa before returning to the Sacred Wasteland again.

Of course, Fan Shixin did not know that Chen Xiang was going to fight against the Heaven Wasteland Aristocratic Family, otherwise he would definitely stop him, and Chen Xiang would not tell him.

It had been a long time since Xu Youqing last met her, and she had missed him a lot. Now that her father was fine, and had lived a carefree life in the Heavenly Dragon City, she could finally rest easy! However, she was still worried about Chen Xiang all day, especially after the long period of time Hundreds of Flowers Village stayed in there. All day long, she listened to Yue’er and Long Xueyi talk about Chen Xiang’s various dangerous experiences, which always made her very worried.

"You little scoundrel, why did you call me here? You didn’t explain clearly." Xu Youqing moaned inside the You Yao Mountain Villa: "I have a lot of things to do in the Hundreds of Flowers Village."

"I missed you. Can’t I let you accompany me more?" chuckled, he was currently in the Sacred Wasteland, and because he had a good relationship with Fan Shixin, he could stay in the best inn for free.

Right now, he had arrived at an inn and told Xu Youqing to come out from it.

"Hng hng!" Xu Youqing saw that Chen Xiang’s eyes were burning hot, and snorted twice. She had not been alone with Chen Xiang for a long time.

The two of them could not help but embrace and kiss each other. Then, they went to bed and wrapped themselves around each other for the entire night ...

In the morning, Xu Youqing yawned, patted Chen Xiang’s butt, and smiled: "Wake up, didn’t you say you had something important to do today?"

Last night, Chen Xiang had told Xu Youqing that he wanted to let her undo the contract power. Because it was similar to the power of the curse, and Xu Youqing had been born with the ability to use the curse, he decided to let Xu Youqing try.

"When I get there, I’ll get you to help. You don’t need to come out to do it, right?" Chen Xiang said.

"It should be possible, right? Is it dangerous? " Xu Youqing was suddenly worried.

"It is a bit, but it’s not that big of a deal. You chat with Hongqing and have them tell you some of my recent affairs." Chen Xiang said. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Chu Hongqing and Yang Xiangyin were together with Chen Xiang all day, so they naturally understood Chen Xiang very well about what had happened in this period of time, and Xu Youqing wanted to know as well.

Chen Xiang had a great time last night, so at this time, he was also in high spirits as he headed towards the Sacred Tao Mountains in high spirits.

Along the way, Xu Youqing learned a lot of things about Chen Xiang, especially about the Black Hairs Human s inside the profound Wasteland. Previously, she only got a general idea of what was going on, but she didn’t know how much.

She now knew that the thing that Chen Xiang was going to do next, was to enter the Sacred Tao Mountains to search for medicinal ingredients.

I am already at the tenth level of the Dao Dan realm, so entering the Dao Po realm is only a matter of time. This is all thanks to the pills refined by Big Sister sister Meiyao and the rest, if everything goes well, we should be able to reach the tenth level of the Dao Po realm very quickly from now on. Xu Youqing said: "I never thought that the medicines of this era would be so strong. If it was in our era, without relying on Time Formation, it would be impossible to be that fast."

"En, so I need to hurry up and get more medicinal ingredients, who knows if Sacred Wasteland can hold off Black Hairs Human." Chen Xiang said: "I keep having the feeling that the Black Hairs Human’s strength is much stronger than what we had imagined. The three great native bank’s current preparations can tell that they are even prepared to sacrifice themselves."

... ....

Not long after, Chen Xiang arrived at the big canyon full of Savage Beast Cave. He also arrived at the cave of the ox beast.

"You Qing, try and see if you can secretly enter his Divine Sense Sea and remove the contract power of this ox beast." Chen Xiang said.

"Okay, I will do my best to be careful and not alert this guy. You have to be alert as well, because if you find anything wrong, you have to immediately run for your life, do you understand?" "Don’t try to be brave!" Xu Youqing said, she did not need to walk out of the You Yao Mountain Villa, so Chen Xiang did not need to bother with her.

"En!" Chen Xiang was currently in a state of mist, while the ox beast was asleep.

Xu Youqing was already moving, and he could feel a trace of strange power seeping out from the You Yao Mountain Villa.

"The Contract Power is also a type of Cursed Power. It’s extremely mysterious. I don’t know how it was formed, but it should have been there since the creation of the Heavenly Dao." Xu Youqing said: "I have already found the contracted strength of his Divine Sense Sea."

The contract power tightly binds onto the savage beast’s soul, as though the soul is unable to be separated from it. The savage beast is also helpless against it, and if necessary, the person who placed the contract power on it can make it explode at any moment and destroy the soul of the savage beast at the same time.

"Fear comes from the depths of the soul, and savage beasts are controlled from the depths of the soul. That’s why they are afraid and are controlled by humans."

"You Qing, you are so powerful. You are able to grasp such a mysterious power." Chen Xiang praised.

"Alright, I’ll soon disperse the contract’s power. When that happens, this savage beast will be free. However, will your plan succeed?" Xu Youqing said: "There are so many beasts, do we need to remove them all?"

"Let’s see what the effect of removing this head will be." Chen Xiang laughed: "It should be effective!"

"Un, it has already been cancelled. I need to properly study the contract’s power to see if it’s the same as what we usually do." Xu Youqing said. She was not sure how she did it, but she was able to get a small ball of red light mist.

Not long after the contract was broken, the ox beast woke up. It had also discovered that the restriction of the contract power was no longer there. It let out a few loud cries before charging out of the cave.