Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Only now did Chen Xiang know that there was a place below Heavenly Dragon City that was especially used for cultivation. It was extremely close to the core of the earth and the temperature was extremely high, so it was a good place for cultivation of the body.

The underground palace under the Heavenly Dragon City was huge. If Chen Xiang hadn’t known that Bai Youyou was in that room, he would have needed some time to find him.

"Sister You You, I am Chen Xiang!" Chen Xiang knocked on the stone door of a secret room, and shouted from outside.

Not long later, the door opened, and Chen Xiang saw that she was covered in sweat, with her ponytail tied up, her upper body was only covered with a thick piece of cloth, revealing her robust body, and below, it was a simple package, revealing her long and healthy legs.

This caused Chen Xiang to be startled, it was not the first time he saw Bai Youyou wearing so little, the first time he saw Bai Youyou, she was already a white, tender and beautiful woman.

But now, Bai Youyou looked very intrepid. Although she no longer had that kind of gentle beauty, this kind of intrepid beauty also made Chen Xiang feel that it was a different kind of amorous experience.

"Come in!" When Bai Youyou saw Chen Xiang’s dumbfounded face, he pulled Chen Xiang inside the secret room and closed the stone door.

"Sister You You, it’s so hot here!" Chen Xiang chuckled, he felt that what made him heat up was not just the temperature here, but also something else.

"Humph!" Bai Youyou let out a light snort, then activated a formation to eliminate the terrifying temperature inside.

Just now, Chen Xiang had used spatial energy to isolate the temperature outside, but they all felt that it was very hot. It could be seen that Bai Youyou was using an extremely cruel method to cultivate.

Although the secret room was underground, there were a few glowing beads at the top of the room, illuminating the entire secret room until it was bright. Bai Youyou came to a corner and ripped off the few pieces of cloth on his body in a few moments, then turned his back to Chen Xiang to wash his body.

This caused Chen Xiang to take a deep breath, especially when he saw the back part of Bai Youyou’s absolutely beautiful face ...

Chen Xiang swallowed his saliva, and used a lot of willpower to make himself turn his head, to no longer look, if not he would not be able to control himself, which was simply too enticing.

At this moment, he was secretly cursing Su Meiyao and Hua Xiangyue in his heart. He felt that these two Goblins must have taught Bai Youyou many of these methods, and were clearly torturing him.

After Bai Youyou finished showering, she was only wearing a simple, thin, and white robe.

Chen Xiang had never thought that this Bai Youyou, who was cold like a mountain of ice, would actually have such a charming and seductive side to him. Her kind of flirting was not like Su Meiyao’s or Hua Xiangyue’s.

But Bai Youyou was different. She was just sitting there, unsmiling and not moving, but she was imperceptibly emitting a strong charm, it made Chen Xiang unable to stop.

"It’s not like you haven’t seen my body before. Just a moment ago, why do you feel like you’ve lost your soul? There are so many beauties around you, haven’t you refined them into a calm and composed heart? " Bai Youyou’s voice was cold, but her eyes seemed to carry a trace of a flirting smile.

"This..." Chen Xiang coughed dryly, "Sister You You You, what are you looking for me for? sister Meiyao said that you have something important to talk to me about! "

"I thought you were with Big Sister Ziqian and the others. I didn’t think that you were cultivating here by yourself."

"The reason I’m here cultivating is to wait for you. They’ve all gone out." Bai Youyou said: "My sister is currently in trouble, but only I know of this matter, I do not plan to tell anyone else."

Chen Xiang frowned, and said: "What trouble? Your sister is so amazing, will she be in trouble? "

Bai Youyou tugged at the robe that almost slipped off and sighed. "Sometimes our War God Squad go out together to fight, and sometimes we go alone. My sister met trouble during one of our separate missions."

"How do you know?" Did she tell you? " Chen Xiang was puzzled, "If there’s trouble, we should look for Big Sister Qilian and the others, let them think of a way! Furthermore, it’s been too long already, it’s not good for her to drag it out for too long! "

Bai Ziqian was Bai Youyou’s elder sister, and the two of them had a very good relationship with each other. Chen Xiang thought that Bai Youyou would not harm Bai Ziqian.

"It’s not a big problem... "Listen to me." Bai Youyou said seriously.

Chen Xiang nodded.

"You should know that my sister is a poison cultivator, right? She’s been thinking about how to cultivate the most powerful poison up till now." Bai Youyou said: "I wonder how she found out about an extremely terrifying fellow who uses poison. That fellow is a god, and his name is Heaven Poison Divine Spirit."

This was the first time Chen Xiang had ever heard of this Heaven Poison Divine Spirit, but he immediately thought of something. The island his father was previously on, there was an extremely terrifying death poison.

"I heard from my mother about your father’s island, so I know that the poison is very scary. I don’t want my sister to go berserk." Bai Youyou said again.

Bai Youyou’s mother was indeed Feng Yujie, and both she and Su Meiyao had taken Feng Yujie as their mother at that time. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

"You mean Sister Ziqian volunteered to go with that Heaven Poison Divine Spirit?" Chen Xiang asked again.

"Semi-voluntary! If she was able to grasp a very terrifying poison, then it would definitely bring about a lot of trouble, so I did not say anything about this matter. She was the one who told me about it, and I don’t know where she is right now. " She knew that with Chen Xiang’s ability, he would definitely be able to help her.

"Alright, I’ll help you find her." Chen Xiang nodded his head. He was also worried that Bai Ziqian had grasped that terrifying death poison, and if he brought it back with him, the consequences would be dire.

"Then thank you!" Bai Youyou revealed a cold and elegant smile, shocking Chen Xiang.

Just as he was in a daze, Bai Youyou had already arrived beside him. Lowering his head to kiss his lips, which caused Chen Xiang’s entire body to tremble, he did not expect the usually cold Bai Youyou to have such a terrifying charm.

"I want to go with you. I’m worried that when the time comes, you’ll say that you can’t defeat her." Bai Youyou said. At this time, her clothes were very casual, as if it could slip away at any time. Chen Xiang was really looking forward to it.

"Alright!"

Bai Youyou was a woman that he really wanted to conquer all those years ago. Although his relationship with her was always good and the two of them would occasionally come into contact with each other, they did not manage to poke a hole through her diaphragm.

"I have a lot of things to do during this period of time, but I will try my best to find Sister Ziqian!" Chen Xiang looked at Bai Youyou’s pair of cold, yet bewitching eyes.

"Well, she’s not in any danger right now. I’m just worried that she’s stuck too deep, and that it won’t be easy to find her." Bai Youyou nodded his head: "I will enter the ring now!"

"Now we have changed our name to You Yao Mountain Villa. We don’t need the Dark Dragon Ring anymore!" Chen Xiang told Bai Youyou about this matter in a simple manner, and also told her how to enter.