Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"It’s alright, although Meiyao and I are not inside, you still continue to use this name. It seems like you are still nostalgic!" As Bai Youyou entered the You Yao Mountain Villa, although there were a lot of changes, she could still find a sense of familiarity with it.

"That’s because I haven’t forgotten all of you!" Chen Xiang curled his lips: "Sister You You You, don’t bully Hongqing and Xiang Yin, they’re both my servant girls."

"Don’t worry, I’m not used to that." Bai Youyou said. Even though she hadn’t seen Chen Xiang much during this period of time, she had heard quite a bit about Chen Xiang from Long Xueyi and Yue’er, so she knew of their existence.

Chen Xiang let out a long sigh, then left the Core Fire Palace. Although the change in Bai Youyou was huge, Chen Xiang could still find a familiar feeling from her body.

It was a good thing that Bai Youyou had such a change. The previous Bai Youyou spoke very little, and seemed somewhat eccentric, ice-cold and emotionless.

Even though the current Bai Youyou was still cold, she talked a lot and her emotions could be seen from her eyes. This was probably because she had been in contact with many people over the years and was able to integrate with them, causing this kind of change for her.

The current Bai Youyou gave off a very cheerful feeling, which made Chen Xiang quite happy. Previously, he was still a little worried that Bai Youyou’s emotions would be sealed because of the Ruthless magic he cultivated in the past, so he knew that she was fine now.

Chen Xiang was heading towards the Spirit Wasteland at this time. He wanted to find Xia Bailing and ask him what the medicinal herbs he had obtained from the Sacred Tao Mountains were all used for. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

On the way, he took out a piece of Communication jade Symbol paper and called over the Natural Law Divine Spirit.

He waited for more than an hour before the Natural Law Divine Spirit arrived.

"What is it now? I’m very busy right now! " When Natural Law Divine Spirit saw Chen Xiang, he asked anxiously. When Chen Xiang sent him a message, he said that he had something extremely important to ask of him.

"Do you know of the existence of the Heaven Poison Divine Spirit? Tell me, what kind of guy is this? " Chen Xiang asked, he also wanted to help Bai Youyou find Bai Ziqian quickly.

"Heaven Poison Divine Spirit? You offended this bastard? " When Natural Law Divine Spirit heard it, he was shocked, his face full of fear.

"No, quickly tell me about this guy." Chen Xiang could tell from Natural Law Divine Spirit’s reaction how terrifying he was.

"That’s true. If you had provoked him, you wouldn’t be here talking to me right now." Natural Law Divine Spirit wiped his sweat and laughed: "You scared me to death."

Natural Law Divine Spirit also knew that Chen Xiang was an expert at causing trouble, so when he heard Chen Xiang asking about Heaven Poison Divine Spirit, he subconsciously thought that Chen Xiang had offended Heaven Poison Divine Spirit.

"Do you still remember the death poison from before? Of course, you can’t blame her. After all, she listened to orders and the heavens, and out of all the gods, the only one that hasn’t weakened is her Heavenly Dao divine power. " Natural Law Divine Spirit said: "I went to look for her help previously, but this old bitch rejected me back then."

"She’s a woman?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Is that so? "She’s not bad looking. What, you want to fuck her?" Natural Law Divine Spirit laughed: "Just speak to me in private, but don’t talk nonsense. She will take your life."

"Looks like you’re an old bastard as well!" Chen Xiang laughed, "I’m not interested in her! Oh right, why did you go up to her? "

"Wasn’t she supposed to exterminate these bastards called Undead Divine Race? Then, he told her to kill that group of Black Hairs Human s along the way, but she insisted on it, saying that if she did it herself, there would be something even more terrifying that would happen. Anyway, she was looking for an excuse to reject me, this old bitch really remembers her grudges, and I was only scolding her a few times back then. Natural Law Divine Spirit shook his head and sighed, "Otherwise, with her, many things can be resolved."

Chen Xiang was suddenly curious as to how Bai Youyou managed to find the Heaven Poison Divine Spirit, because at this moment, he had a certain understanding of the Heaven Poison Divine Spirit. Although the Natural Law Divine Spirit described him as unbearable, he felt that the Heaven Poison Divine Spirit must have had some difficulties that caused them to not agree to the Natural Law Divine Spirit’s request.

The Natural Law Divine Spirit gave Chen Xiang a feeling of always being a weak chicken and an idiot, so it was normal for him to be rejected.

"Oh yeah, Devil Wasteland and Evil Wasteland won’t be able to hold on for long, are you guys ready?" Natural Law Divine Spirit asked.

"No, isn’t your Natural Law Divine Spirit doing something?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I already told you, it’s already good that we can protect ourselves now that our strength has regressed! We have the power unique to the Natural Law Divine Spirit s. If that group of Natural Law Guardians s were to escape, they would definitely chase after us, because we were the ones who sealed them back then. " Natural Law Divine Spirit smiled bitterly: "So I will be missing for a period of time. I won’t be seeing you again."

"To hide in the earth’s core, right?" Chen Xiang laughed.

"No!" Natural Law Divine Spirit snorted: "What else do you want to ask? "Without me, I’m leaving!"

"Oh, right. Since you’re going to hide, then give me all the good things you have. You don’t need them anyway." Chen Xiang said.

"I have already given you the best creation god well, what else do you want? We also need something to protect ourselves with! " The Natural Law Divine Spirit laughed bitterly.

"Bring me a sword, it’s best if it’s one with a dense demonic energy. You have to be strong." Chen Xiang extended his hand out to Natural Law Divine Spirit: "I know you have it!"

"What do you want this magic weapon for? "Not giving!" Natural Law Divine Spirit shook his head.

"Are you going to give it or not? If not, I will spread the news of you calling Heaven Poison Divine Spirit an old bitch, and she will definitely hear about it. " Chen Xiang laughed sinisterly.

"You little bastard, forget it!" Natural Law Divine Spirit kept cursing Chen Xiang in his heart before taking out a long black box. The outside of the box was emitting a heavy demonic aura.

Chen Xiang took the box, and asked: "Do you know where the Heaven Poison Divine Spirit is? I wanted to talk to her about the death poison. You should know my impenetrable, so I’m not afraid of her! "

"If you swear to God that you won’t tell her where I am, I’ll tell you where she is." The Natural Law Divine Spirit said. Chen Xiang’s body was extremely strange in his eyes, he actually wasn’t afraid of the deadly poison, even he didn’t dare to touch it.

"Alright, I swear it with poison." Chen Xiang swore a venomous oath.

The Natural Law Divine Spirit passed a black disc to Chen Xiang: "The needle pointing to her location, of course she wouldn’t be in just one place. She’s moving everywhere."

"En, thank you very much. I will definitely praise you more when I see her!" Chen Xiang laughed.

"Hmph, I got lost. You won’t be able to find me in the future." The Natural Law Divine Spirit said angrily, then disappeared in a flash.

Just as Natural Law Divine Spirit left, Chen Xiang brought Bai Youyou out.

"Sister You You You, this is for you. Although you have changed a lot over the years, the demonic energy on your body is still there. It should be suitable for you." Chen Xiang threw it to Bai Youyou. This was something he had extorted from the Natural Law Divine Spirit, but felt that it was definitely good stuff.