Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Youyou also didn’t know why Chen Xiang and Bai Ziqian had been inside for so long. She could only wait;

Finally, she waited for more than four hours before Chen Xiang and Bai Ziqian came out.

Bai Youyou understood Chen Xiang and Bai Ziqian very well, and could be said to be the person who understood Bai Ziqian and Bai Youyou the most. Seeing Chen Xiang’s happy and contented appearance, and seeing how although Bai Ziqian’s gaze was cold and elegant, his cheeks were slightly red and tender, she immediately understood something.

"You two ..." Bai Youyou couldn’t help but laugh, "There’s really something you guys are here for!"

"Hmph, even women do these kinds of things, what’s so funny about that?" Bai Ziqian gave a light snort, "Didn’t you yourself do the same in the past!?"

"She has never experienced it before!" Chen Xiang laughed.

"Really?" Bai Ziqian laughed complacently, and said while looking at Bai Youyou: "Looks like I got ahead of you! "Seriously, after being with this kid for so long, you actually didn’t do anything like that."

Bai Youyou scoffed and said: "You guys truly do not know shame. There’s even Big Sister Bai Ling lying inside!"

"She fainted, she didn’t know." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Damn you, little scoundrel!" Bai Youyou scoffed, she did not expect Chen Xiang to actually fuck her elder sister in this kind of place at this time.

She actually knew about the feelings Bai Ziqian had for Chen Xiang, but she definitely didn’t think that they would develop so quickly. She felt that she still wasn’t clear about Bai Ziqian, but she was actually taken over by Chen Xiang that easily.

However, she thought about it, and felt that it was more acceptable. After all, Bai Ziqian was covered in poison, and Chen Xiang had helped Bai Ziqian multiple times without fear of poison, and she had even saved him at all. As long as Chen Xiang took the initiative, it would only be a matter of time before she was captured.

Chen Xiang smiled as he looked at Bai Youyou. He knew that Bai Youyou would be his sooner or later.

"Little Scoundrel, what are you thinking about!" She understood Chen Xiang very well. With just a glance from Chen Xiang, she could already tell what he was thinking.

"How much longer do they need? I wonder if they can succeed!" Bai Ziqian looked at Du Xiaoling, very worried. Du Xiaoling was her master, and whether or not she could act like a normal person in the future all depended on Du Xiaoling.

Of course, when she was dealing with Chen Xiang just now, she had gained a lot from it. She felt that she had better control over the poison in her body now, but she was still lacking a little.

Right now, her mood had greatly improved. After all, she no longer felt lonely. She was not like before, enduring loneliness all day and feeling depressed all day. This kind of life had been going on for many years.

Seeing that Bai Ziqian had become cheerful, Bai Youyou was secretly happy for Bai Ziqian as well. She had experienced Bai Ziqian’s misfortune before, especially after she had dispersed the Ruthless magic.

"It will succeed!" Bai Youyou said.

At this time, Chen Xiang had nothing to do, so he took out the pill furnace to concoct the pills. He was currently refining Shipo Dan s, he wanted to take the opportunity to concoct more Shipo Dan s for Bai Ziqian, with Du Xiaoling’s help, Bai Ziqian’s Dao Po realm could be raised quickly. Chen Xiang wanted her to be faster, so she would have to stay here for a while longer.

In the blink of an eye, another two days had passed. Xu Youqing and Du Xiaoling tightly held onto their ten fingers without moving at all.

But while concocting the pills, Chen Xiang suddenly felt pain on his waist!

Bai Youyou and Bai Ziqian were also suddenly shocked, because they suddenly saw a white figure standing beside Chen Xiang!

The white shadow that suddenly appeared beside Chen Xiang was precisely Xia Bailing, and she was currently pinching the flesh on his waist.

"Little Scoundrel, you actually did that when I was lying in there. You’re so bad." Xia Bailing scoffed, her face red.

Xia Bailing actually knew about it!

After Bai Ziqian heard this, her cold and charming face suddenly flushed red, and she lowered her head, not daring to raise it up. After all, there were people watching the entire scene from the side, of course she did not know that Chu Hongqing and Yang Xiangyin were also aware of this matter.

"I was wrong, shh!" Chen Xiang said softly. Even though it was very painful, he did not dare cry out.

"Hmph, I’ll teach you a lesson next time!" Xia Bailing scoffed, then looked at Du Xiaoling, she stared at her beautiful face with a complicated expression, and sighed.

Although Xia Bailing had fainted due to poison, she seemed to be able to know about what was happening in the outside world. Thus, she knew about the conversation between Chen Xiang and Du Xiaoling outside very clearly.

Du Xiaoling was the Heaven Poison Divine Spirit who had spread the deadly poison in her city all those years ago.

"It wasn’t her. The Heavenly Dao did it to us." Xia Bailing let out a long sigh, "She is innocent, and she blamed herself for so many years for no reason at all."

Chen Xiang was a little worried just now, but after hearing Xia Bailing’s words, he became more relaxed.

"Sister Bai Ling, you are truly open-minded!" Chen Xiang laughed.

"Don’t laugh. Although I’m open-minded, I still hold a grudge. Just you wait." Xia Bailing glared fiercely at Chen Xiang.

When she was poisoned, she was lying there detoxifying, and Chen Xiang was actually doing something at the side, she was very angry just thinking about it.

"Sister Bai Ling, weren’t you poisoned? How can you still feel it! " Chen Xiang asked in a low voice.

"I am a Dao Sovereign, and I know how to use spatial power, I have long used spatial power to separate my Divine Sense Sea, my Divine Sense Sea is still functioning normally, if there is no hope, my Divine Sense Sea will separate from my body and rebuild it, although it will become much weaker, but in the future, I can still become a Dao Sovereign." Xia Bailing patted Chen Xiang’s head again, "Seeing how much you care about me, I will forgive you this time!"

After Xia Bailing was poisoned, he suddenly came over, and she was very concerned about him. However, she was very touched, so when she thought back to it, she felt that she could forgive Chen Xiang.

Bai Youyou saw Bai Ziqian’s lowered head, her jade face flushed red, she was extremely embarrassed and could not help but chuckle: "Serves you right!"

"Forget it, I’ll forgive you all!" Xia Bailing laughed, then said: "Ziqian, you have been here for a period of time, you must know a lot about here, quickly take me to take a look, it’s rare to see such poison, and it’s being raised by the Heaven Poison Divine Spirit!"

Xia Bailing was already holding onto Bai Ziqian’s hand, as he hopped towards those beautiful flowers, and there were even many beautiful butterflies fluttering about.

"She’s really lively." Bai Youyou held her cheeks, and watched Xia Bailing run around in the flowers. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"Yeah, it seems like my previous worries were unnecessary." Chen Xiang was also very pleased, his heart was indeed like a child’s.

"En!" Bai Youyou also nodded.

Bai Ziqian had no choice but to play with her. She wasn’t too worried that Xia Bailing would get infected by the poison, as both she and Du Xiaoling could be cured of the poison.