Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Pure Text Online Read Local Domain Name Mobile Phone Synchronous Read Please Visit

Song Yongying and the other disciples were all shocked by Chen Xiang’s position, even they did not dare to speak to these Villa Masters casually, as the position of these three Villa Masters was much higher compared to the sect Leader s under the banner of the three native bank s.

But from the looks of it, Chen Xiang had a very good relationship with Fan Shixin.

"Alright, let’s head out now. I wanted to go to Devil Wasteland for a look since a long time ago!" Chen Xiang said: "Oh right, didn’t Undead Divine Race and Evil Spirit Race go to the Devil Wasteland to mess around last time? "What happened then?"

"We fought with them. They suffered heavy casualties, so we’re fine." Fan Shixin took out a small jade house and told Song Yongying’s group to go inside. There were a lot of disciples in his small jade house.

"These guys need to be on guard. I wonder if the three manor lords have heard of the Heaven’s Divination poison?" Chen Xiang asked.

The three Villa Masters had heard it before, because when they heard Chen Xiang say those words, their faces suddenly changed.

"Chen Xiang, have you seen this poison before?" Fan Shixin asked quickly.

"I’ve seen them. They used the Heaven’s Divination poison to attack a Dao Sovereign right at the Spirit Wasteland. I wonder how they got this poison!" Chen Xiang said.

"Looks like Undead Divine Race can’t sit still anymore. They actually dared to use this poison." Fan Shixin’s expression became grave, and then he took out a jade talisman. It should be a message. 2564404 Proud of the World Pill God Proud of the World Pill God!

Pan Yuan and Lu Shanze had also taken out their Communication jade Symbol paper to send out the message, probably to report this matter. Above them, there were two other Villa Masters who were even more terrifying.

"Alright, let’s set off now. Our villa’s master will come up with a plan to deal with the Undead Divine Race, you don’t have to worry." Fan Shixin said.

Soon after, Chen Xiang followed Fan Shixin to a Transmission array.

"This Transmission array can directly teleport us outside of Devil Wasteland, but you only need to bring us through that barrier." Fan Shixin said: "After you bring us in, you can come back immediately and pick us up at a later time."

That was why there were three Villa Masters leading the way. These three Villa Masters did not want Chen Xiang to encounter any danger within the Devil Wasteland.

"Alright, I might have to stay in there for a while when the time comes." Chen Xiang said. He had Six Realms mirrors, so he could protect himself inside, but as long as he did not meet a leader level Black Hairs Human, those level of Black Hairs Human would all be Dao Sovereigns, extremely powerful.

The Transmission array opened, and Chen Xiang and the others arrived outside the Devil Wasteland.

Chen Xiang looked around, it was a wasteland, the surroundings were filled with the aura of death, the aura of death was all coming from the Devil Wasteland.

"This was originally a grassland, but now it has become like this." Pan Yuan sighed. "This barrier won’t last for long before it explodes."

Now that the death aura had already leaked out, it was clear that the barrier would not last for long. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"Let’s go in now!" Chen Xiang took out his Six Realms mirrors.

Seeing him, the three manor lords were very surprised. Chen Xiang actually had this kind of thing, although they did not know much about the Six Realms mirrors, but they could tell that this was a very powerful thing.

Of course, they were just curious and didn’t ask too much. They all mounted Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors.

Chen Xiang channeled the energy of the White Tiger Dao mark, and then teleported into the barrier, arriving inside the Devil Wasteland in the blink of an eye.

"You’re in?" Fan Shixin looked behind him; indeed, he had already entered. Following after, he felt an extremely bitter aura of death. 2564404 Proud of the World Pill God Proud of the World Pill God!

Pan Yuan looked at the sky, "The entire Devil Wasteland is covered up by this evil aura, it can be seen how scary of an event this place has been through."

"The Black Hairs Human in here should be even more terrifying than the profound Wasteland." Chen Xiang had already sensed an unusual aura, all the Black Hairs Human s inside the Devil Wasteland had awakened very early, there must have been a certain degree of evolution.

Fan Shixin and the other two manor lords each took out a small jade hut. After tossing the jade hut far away, the small jade hut slowly grew in size and turned into a palace in the blink of an eye.

"Chen Xiang, if you don’t want to go back, you can stay in the palaces too. The three palaces are very sturdy." Fan Shixin said.

"En!" Chen Xiang nodded, he planned to stay here to cultivate for a while before going.

Not long later, the disciples of the three palaces walked out, and Chen Xiang entered one of the palaces, choosing a secret room.

He was going to continue eating Shipo Dan s to break through!

Chu Hongqing and Yang Xiangyin were currently cultivating. They had previously eaten Shipo Dan and were currently refining its medicinal power, making a breakthrough very quickly.

"There are still two hundred pills, which should be enough for me to enter the fourth level of Dao Po realm!" Right now, Chen Xiang was already at the third level of the Dao Po realm, so entering the fourth level shouldn’t be too difficult.

After eating the Shipo Dan, he started to cultivate ...

Three days later, Chen Xiang had already stepped into the fourth level of Dao Po realm. It might be difficult for others, but it was extremely easy for him.

At this moment, while he was washing the sweat off his body in the secret room, he felt someone pushing the door open.

Although the palace was very safe, it was, after all, inside the Devil Wasteland, so Chen Xiang could be vigilant at any time, and release a Space Domain at any time.

"Who are they?" Chen Xiang immediately turned into a mist and hid himself. Then, he floated outside and saw two people.

"There should be someone inside. There’s still water here. Did he discover us?" The one who spoke was a very skinny man, and judging from his clothes, he was from Eternal Life School.

"Could it be because the battle outside is too intense that he used teleportation to escape after disturbing him?" Another man said.

"That might be possible. I heard that this guy’s Spatial Force is very strong. It seems that we’ve failed this time. What a rare opportunity." The very skinny man sighed.

"Don’t worry. If our men succeed, once these three palaces fall, this fellow will die sooner or later."

"That’s right, the three great native bank s cannot compete with us! They should still not know that we were the ones behind the Black Hairs Human’s awakening and evolution! Heh heh, this time they’ve come in for a real battle, 80% of them won’t be able to make it back. "

Hearing these, Chen Xiang was shocked, he never thought that the Heaven Wasteland Aristocratic Family would be the culprit, and their motive was clear, to attack the Three Great native bank s!

Chen Xiang thought about it and decided to not deal with these two fellows for the time being. Otherwise, he would alert the enemy, and he would have to contact Fan Shixin quickly. After that, he would discuss with Fan Shixin and the others how to handle this matter.

"Seems like all three palaces have been attacked by the Black Hairs Human s. I wonder how long they can last." Chen Xiang could guess that there was a traitor within the three native bank s, and the two that Chen Xiang had just seen were them.

The three palaces that had just appeared were attacked so quickly. They should have been attracted over by the spies.

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]