Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

To Chen Xiang, refining pills quickly was not difficult at all, so he had already made preparations to challenge the limit.

He followed Xie Qiaoyan and Long Shuangru back to the Hundreds of Flowers Village.

"The Mysterious Nine Yang Emperor Pill is actually an Emperor Stage middle grade pill. To refine so many of them in such a short period of time, this is a test for us." Wu Qianqian chuckled: "It seems like it’s been a long time since we’ve worked together to refine pills."

Chen Xiang said with a wry smile: "It’s even a test for me, it requires a lot of Emperor Profound Pills, and it also requires Xue Xianxian and the others to refine. When they are setting up the formation, either they add Jiuyang Dao power or they join in when they are refining, it has a very good effect on the Black Hairs Human."

"Then it will be the War God Squad. Sister Qilian and the other big sisters will have to take them as well, then the Heavenly Dragon City will have to have many powerful warriors."

Su Meiyao laughed, "You will definitely hurry up and finish it. How about this, when we refine either Shipo Dan or profound Dao king Dan, we will hand the Nine Yang Emperor Profound Core over to you. You little scoundrel, at critical moments, can always create miracles."

His words were not bad, so Chen Xiang decided to go all out.

"All of you temporarily stop refining profound Dao king Dan and go refine the Emperor Profound Core." Chen Xiang replied: "I’m worried that I won’t be able to handle it myself when the time comes."

"It doesn’t matter. We’re going to refine the Mysterious Nine Yang Emperor Pill sooner or later anyway ..." Right, these are all Emperor level medicinal herbs. Do you have that many? " Feng Yujie asked.

"Of course not, so I need your help. Give me all of your purple pearls. With the help of your purple pearls, this will certainly be a lot quicker." Chen Xiang took out more than ten Diprofound fruit s and a few Jiuyang earthly fruit. "Each of you take one of them a little seriously.

All of the women in the pill refining team knew about Heavenly Alchemy, so when Chen Xiang explained how to refine the Emperor Profound Core, they could all understand.

Then, Feng Yujie left and started collecting purple pearls from all over Hundreds of Flowers Village.

When she came back, she had given Chen Xiang an enormous amount of purple pearls, and there were actually more than ten thousand of them. This made Chen Xiang extremely shocked.

"For now, there are so many of them. Currently, the sisters in our Hundreds of Flowers Village can probably produce around a thousand pills per day." Feng Yujie said.

"Enough."

Chen Xiang had long since found Lv Qilian and passed down the Alive Slain Method to many outstanding female disciples, and taught them to cultivate their Life-Killing Divine Deity so that they could condense purple pearls. Only then would they be able to quickly obtain a large amount of medicinal ingredients so that the refining team could refine them.

"Give me all of your profound Dao king Dan’s medicine ... There are even Shipo Dan s. " Chen Xiang laughed: "I’ll show you what it means to use all your firepower."

"Three thousand portions of profound Dao king Dan’s medicinal ingredients and five thousand portions of Shipo Dan. Are you sure you want to finish refining them all by yourself?" Hua Xiangyue smiled charmingly, "Don’t be so tired."

Du Yanyao said: "I still have some here, do you want some too?"

These girls already had some medicinal ingredients in their hands, and that was their mission in pill refining. Then, Ji Ling’er, Hong Xia and Wu Qianqian took out some medicinal ingredients and gave them to Chen Xiang.

Xie Qiaoyan then handed over what he had taken from Long Jiuxiao to him.

"There really are quite a few." Chen Xiang looked at those medicinal herbs. Adding all of their ingredients together, there were more than four thousand profound Dao king Dan s, and even more than six thousand.

Hua Xiangyue kissed Chen Xiang’s cheek, and said smilingly: "My master, don’t be so exhausted."

"Damnable demon." Chen Xiang grabbed her chest, then hurriedly left the small villa, so as to not be distracted by the two Spirit Demon beings, Su Meiyao and Hua Xiangyue.

"Sister Qilian, arrange a place for me to refine pills quietly ... "Yeah, the bigger ones would be better." When Chen Xiang came to Lv Qilian’s place, she saw that Lv Qilian was currently training with the Heart of Profound Spirit Qi and knew that it was an urgent matter.

"Oh, how big is this place?" Lv Qilian asked.

"It would be best if it was a lobby ... "Someone who can store hundreds of pill furnaces." Chen Xiang said.

Lv Qilian thought for a moment, then said: "I’ll bring you over to Hui Shan’s place."

"Alright." Chen Xiang also didn’t understand why Lv Qilian wanted to arrange for him to go to Long Huishan’s side, but he agreed anyway as he hadn’t seen Long Huishan for a period of time.

Long Huishan also really liked fighting, so she was part of the wargod team. However, during this period of time, the wargod team had all returned, so it was best for them to make their final preparations.

Bai Youyou had also returned to the party now, she had improved a lot within the You Yao Mountain Villa. After all, she had the pills Chu Hongqing had given her inside.

"It’s a little cold, I don’t know if it will affect you or not." Lv Qilian brought Chen Xiang to the belly of a mountain and the cold aura immediately pounced on him, causing him to shiver.

The belly of the mountain was extremely spacious, it was much more spacious than what Chen Xiang had requested, standing tens of thousands of people was not a problem.

"Big Sister Hui Shan’s place is really big." Chen Xiang asked: "Why does she want such a big place?"

When he finished speaking, a burst of cold air fell from above. Chen Xiang raised his head and saw a gigantic ice dragon claw slapping towards him. Now, he knew why Long Huishan’s place was so big.

"Sister Hui Shan, aren’t you a Draconian? How did you become an ice dragon?" Chen Xiang asked in surprise.

"That ice dragon is my second Divine Sense Sea." Long Huishan said as she walked in from behind Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang never thought that the ice dragon he saw was actually something inside Long Huishan’s Second Divine Sense Sea, just like the Heavenly beast inside his Second Divine Sense Sea.

"Not bad, your ice dragon is getting stronger and stronger." Lv Qilian said.

"It’s still to be strengthened, but it’s already surpassed by Ancestor Ice Dragon." Long Huishan laughed, and the huge ice dragon suddenly turned into a white light, and entered Long Huishan’s body. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"Little Scoundrel, what did you come find me for?" Long Huishan asked.

"It’s important. If I want to refine pills, I need a slightly bigger and quieter place, so Sister Qilian brought me here." Chen Xiang said.

"Then refine it here with me ..." Can I also cultivate inside? Relax, I won’t obstruct you, what’s next is just to cultivate my heart of the profound, I won’t release the Icy cold power. " Long Huishan said.

"Of course, there’s no problem. But I’m worried that I will obstruct you. The commotion caused by my pill refining might be very big." Chen Xiang laughed.

"I’m fine." Long Huishan looked at Lv Qilian, and laughed: Qilian, you can stay here to cultivate as well, it just so happens that we can exchange pointers.

Lv Qilian laughed: "I’m worried that it will distract Chen Xiang."

Chen Xiang curled his lips: "You two are not Xiangyue and sister Meiyao, what’s there to be distracted about?"

Of course, Chen Xiang now felt that Bai Youyou was the scariest one, the kind of temptation to create something from nothing was the most terrifying thing, he had already experienced it before.

As expected, Lv Qilian had moved here to cultivate, Chen Xiang felt that it would be good if he had them by his side, because it would be more boring if he were to continue concocting pills, so it would help to relieve his boredom.

Looking at such a large area, Chen Xiang estimated the number of pill furnaces he could place. He had already used the Dawan refining method many times, but he had never refined a true "ten thousand" before.

To him, this was definitely a huge challenge.