Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 258 - Forgone Conclusion

------------

If Chen Xiang had not stridded into the 5th level of the True Martial Realm, coupled with his vigorous True Qi, he would also not dare to face these Devil Beasts and Human Devils in such a way.

Chen Xiang released all of his True Qi, which was comparable to someone in the 7th level True Martial Realm. The strongest among these devil sect disciples were in the 5th level, furthermore, those stronger such as Wei Hongdao had been beheaded long ago.

Because of Chen Xiang’s sudden appearance, these devil sect disciples were sent into disarray, they had no time to pay attention to Xue Xianxian and the others, they were just thinking of escaping. However, they felt a powerful force pulling them as they were whirled off their feets and slowly pulling them into that huge flaming tornado.

Chen Xiang cultivated in Shinto, furthermore, his divine soul had already entered the Adolescence Stage. God knows how powerful his divine sense was, with his divine sense, he could actually lock those devil sect disciples. Chen Xiang released the invisible and colorless Universe True Qi which binded those disciples, making them unable to escape or resist.

Very soon, Xue Xianxian and the others had left the plain. Although a few devil sect disciples were controlling those Devil Beasts and Human Devils tried to attack them, the instant they swooped over, they were all sucked away, eventually being drawn into the ever growing tornado of flame.

After everyone went far enough, Chen Xiang let out a shout and released the Azure Dragon True Qi. It was the wooden attributed True Qi, with wind and lightning power, which made the tornado’s wind force even more stronger and added lighting to the mighty tornado. At this moment, there were even flashes of lightning throughout it. Those Human Devils and Devil Beasts who were sucked into the tornado, were teared apart by the wind, burnt by flames, and struck by lightning, all at the same time.

It was like a purgatory, thus Chen Xiang gave it a suitable name, Purgatory Tornado!

This tornado was growing until it reached a thousand zhang high. It whirled there, like a giant rotating mountain. This was the effect of Chen Xiang releasing both his Azure Dragon True Qi and the Vermillion Bird True Qi insanely. One should know, the move he had casted was based upon some essential principles of the Tai Chi Subduing Dragon Exercise, especially this kind of suction force, it was very formidable.

The plain was originally completely full of corpses, however, now these corpses had been sucked away by the Purgatory Tornado. After the devil sect disciples were locked in by the suction force, the power within all of their bodies turned chaotic, making them unable to use their strength. Their bodies were gradually being whittled away as they whirled inside the Purgatory Tornado.

Xue Xianxian and the others seeing from far away, had all their mouth agape one by one, Chen Xiang’s strength was already beyond their imagination, although this kind of True Qi had not reached the Extreme State, however, Chen Xiang had rather casted a frightening martial technique, the power bursted out had rather made them feel shocked.

The better the martial technique was, the more incisively the power of True Qi could be unleashed, moreover it could allow one to transcend their normal strengths, and better use the True Qi.

Leng Youlan lightly sighed, "Elder brother is truly formidable, I have to become stronger!"

Xue Xianxian nodded her head, "We can not drag him down. If it wasn’t for him, we would have already been sacrificed!"

Everyone signed again and again with emotion, if not for Chen Xiang, they could not imagine what could have happened to them. It may not have been long before they were captured.

In particular, those friends of Chen Xiang were feeling a great pressure. They have all been role models along with Chen Xiang, but now they found the difference between them and Chen Xiang was getting bigger and bigger. This made them all swear in their hearts that as soon as they returned, they would cultivate with all their effort and elevate their strength to catch up to him.

Even Zhu Rong, this lazy guy was also having such ideas, let alone the others!

"I heard once in awhile, the righteous sects will hold a grand meeting! At that time, all the major sects will gather together for a grand competition, it seems there is still some time left!" Leng Youlan clenched her jade-like fists as she spoke.

Zhu Rong laughed and said, "Yes, it is said the final victor will receive many rich rewards, this is once in a century grand meeting!"

"I will definitely be able to compete against elder brother in the grand meeting!" Leng Youlan firmly said.

Yun Xiaodao touched his nose and said, "Elder brother Chen has such a younger sister, I don’t know whether it is a blessing or a curse!"

While Xue Xianxian was watching that spectacular fire tornado, a glint flashed through her pretty eyes. She tenderly laughed and said, "I also want to compete with brother Xiang, however, for now we should take a step back. We are simply not in the same level!"

At this point everyone was stimulated, they all secretly inspired themselves. They needed to blossom with radiant splendor in the grand meeting and at the very least close the wide gap between Chen Xiang and themselves.

The plain had already been emptied of corpses. That being said, mournful wails still came out from inside the fire tornado one after another, so Chen Xiang kept on releasing his Azure Dragon and Vermillion Bird True Qi.

After a while.

"Finally finished! Ha ha...we won!" The instant Chen Xiang started laughing, the fire tornado also disappeared. A large amount of white ash began falling down accompanying his laughter, this was all what was left after those Devil Beasts, Human Devils, and devil sect disciples were processed in the tornado.

Looking at the man fluttering those huge firewings while letting out heroic laughter, everyone felt extremely excited. One by one, people rushed over and burst into cheering and shouting!

Chen Xiang landed on the ground. Seeing everyone was all right, he let loose a sigh of relief before Xue Xianxian threw herself into his embrace, hugging him tightly. Before, when she saw Chen Xiang risking himself to lure away the three-headed wolf, she was extremely worried. She had no idea what she would do if she lost Chen Xiang.

"Xianxian, when you started killing you scared the shit out of me!" Chen Xiang mischievously laughed while touching Xue Xianxian’s face. Chen Xiang was obviously aware Xue Xianxian being very worried about him.

Xue Xianxian wiped her falling tears and revealed a smile capable of causing the downfall of nations.

The danger had already passed, everyone was also feeling relaxed. There were some who could not help but lie down on the ground while looking at the sky, and open their mouths to breath in the fresh air.

Chen Xiang released a burst of water from his hands, wiping away the black blood stains on Leng Youlan’s white hair, and helped her clean those eye-catching bloodstains.

Xue Xianxian also liked Leng Youlan’s beautiful white hairs very much. Xue Xianxian also helped in washing Leng Youlan’s hair, which made her feel warm in her heart.

"Little rascal Yun, if you are that good to my sister, as a brother, I will be relieved!" Zhu Rong gave a contemptuous glance to Yun Xiaodao.

Yun Xiaodao spat in response, "Pooh, how bout you tell your younger sister to be gentler to me, that woman is a tigress! However, since you are her brother, this father is too lazy to manage her."

Zhu Rong sighed, "You are so screwed. I’m going tell everything you said word by word to my sister. That being said... you always boast you are extremely formidable, I didn’t expect you to be afraid of a girl! You’re really a coward, hahaha!"

Everyone overheard their conversation and also burst into laughter. It must be known that Zhu Rong and Yun Xiaodao were both disciples from the four major families of the Extreme Martial Province. Moreover, they had also entered in the True Martial Realm at such a young age, this kind of identity was quite prominent in the Chenwu Mainland, so their reputation was not small.

With the waves of hearty laughter, the haze that had been enshrouding their hearts for past few days had been removed. The altar had been destroyed, all the devil sect disciples had been killed, and the majority of the Devil Beasts and Human Devils had been burnt to white ash. So long as any of the powerful beings in the depths didn’t come out, they would all remain very safe in here. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

However, just in case, Chen Xiang and everyone else decided to chose a new place to stay. They quickly established a guarding point which could attack, defend, as well as allow them to escape quickly. If their preparations had not been adequate last time around, they could have been exterminated by the three-headed wolf.

After a few days, the wounded were mostly recovered. In addition to a few sentries guarding the camp, others hid in the stone rooms inside the mountain to cultivate. After what they went through before, they all knew they were lacking a lot in personal strength. At this time, everyone had a single mindset to become stronger and were all incredibly diligent.

A translated work of Xianxiaworld