Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Although Chen Xiang was happy, he quickly started to worry. He was worried that the Chuangshi god furnace wouldn’t have any effect after it swallowed the Jutian Dan Ding!

He immediately used the Chuangshi god furnace to concoct a batch of low level pellets. Only after he discovered that the quality had increased by a lot did he heave a sigh of relief. After the Chuangshi god furnace swallowed the Jutian Dan Ding, it kept the mystical effects of the Jutian Dan Ding that could improve quality. Ybdu.

With such a harvest at such a critical juncture, Chen Xiang’s mood was much better, but one must know that he was extremely depressed before this.

"He’ll definitely be able to refine a super high quality Dao god emporer Yuan Dan." Chen Xiang was very confident at the moment. On one hand, he had fused Chuangshi god furnace with them, and on the other hand, he had successfully refined four Crash s many times before. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

The Emperor Blood Ginseng and the Grass were put into the furnace. Chen Xiang started using all kinds of refining methods to refine it together, refining the water and fire, refining the Original source refining, refining the illusionary fire ... These refining methods were all comprehended from the Heavenly Alchemy, and they were all similar to each other. Chen Xiang, on the other hand, was extremely familiar with these refining methods, and being able to master them thoroughly and change them during pill refining, was even easier.

The difficulty of refining the Emperor Blood Ginseng and the Dragon Emperor Grass wasn’t as difficult as refining the Mysterious Nine Yang Emperor Pellet. On the contrary, it was a bit easier!

Therefore, Chen Xiang was also surprised when he was refining it. It was only his first time refining it, but he used a very short amount of time to refine the medicinal ingredients into a ball!

Reaching this stage, he only took six hours, which was the equivalent of speed. He did not know if it was because of the fusion of the Chuangshi god furnace and the Chuangshi god furnace, but he felt that it would be more convenient to refine pills by then.

"It went very smoothly!" Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief, he was just about to adjust his state, because he was going to undergo a very difficult stage.

It was to divide that lump of Medicine crystal into several balls and then use the Crash method to refine it!

This was the first time he had used an Emperor level medicinal herb in a collision, and it was also after fusing them together. This was equivalent to a middle level Emperor level medicinal plant.

"Bang bang!" Chen Xiang shouted in his heart as he controlled the eight Medicine crystal s to charge towards a single point from all directions.

The Chuangshi god furnace trembled, and the voice from inside shook the sky even more. Fortunately, Chen Xiang had controlled it well, and the violent fluctuation was blocked by his spatial energy, causing it to become weaker and weaker.

"One Crash succeeded!" Chen Xiang let out a long sigh. After going through a Crash, he had a rough idea of how strong the explosion of his strength during his charge against medicinal herbs of this level was.

"This mid-grade Emperor Stage medicinal herb is the equivalent of the Four Crash s that I refined the Shipo Dan previously, and it might even be a little stronger!" Chen Xiang took a deep breath: "If I were to refine this Dao god emporer Yuan Dan into Second Crash, then it would be at least equivalent to ten Crash of the Shipo Dan!"

"Can I do it?" Chen Xiang was hesitating on whether or not he should give it a try. If he succeeded, the quality of the Dao god emporer Yuan Dan here could be imagined.

If he succeeded, it would also mean that when he was refining Shipo Dan or other high-grade king level pellets, he would also be able to undergo the Ten Crash!

However, he didn’t know if he could do it. After all, if an accident were to occur during the collision, then it might injure him. Moreover, it was something that no one had ever done before, so he didn’t refer to it!

"Forget it, I have to be confident in myself. I will definitely do it. I am a peerless pill god!" Chen Xiang took a few deep breaths: "Even if it fails, the Chuangshi god furnace can withstand it. This is something that surpasses the Heavenly artifact!"

Chen Xiang closed his eyes, breathed in rhythmically, adjusted his condition, and then merged all of the Medicine crystal that had passed through the first Crash into one!

After the fusion with the Crash, the quality of the Medicine crystal would be very high. They have not even formed a core yet, but they have a Dan Soul!

Chen Xiang divided it into eight groups, and in this period of time, he had used up a lot of his energy, he had spent three whole days before separating!

Of course, it was normal for the Dijie Dan to take a longer time than normal. Most Alchemist s would take around ten to eight years to refine their Dijie Dan, and at the fastest, it would take a year and a half.

"Get ready!" Chen Xiang took out the Heavenly magic sword, and did not begin the second Crash.

He made the Heavenly magic sword transform into a huge turtle shell, which was the shape of the Black Tortoise Armor. Then, he made the Black Tortoise Armor transform into a huge bucket and put the Chuangshi god furnace in the bucket.

"Begin!" Chen Xiang made his preparations and immediately began the Second Crash.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The Black Tortoise Armor trembled violently, and the Chuangshi god furnace was scattered in all directions by the shock, overflowing with a burst of extremely berserk flames. And the moment Chen Xiang collided with it, the Divine Sense Sea felt as if it was about to shatter into pieces.

"I have to persevere!" Chen Xiang fiercely bit the tip of his tongue to keep himself awake. At this moment, he had also recovered, but very slowly.

After more than two hours, the scene before Chen Xiang’s eyes slowly became clear.

"It’s finally done!" Chen Xiang looked at the Black Tortoise Armor that had turned into a vat, then looked at Chuangshi god furnace, but they did not have any traces of damage, which made him feel more at ease, and he was worried that it would break.

It was at this time that he paid attention to the interior of the Chuangshi god furnace. What he found inconceivable was that the Medicine crystal had actually turned into a kind of white-yellow gas.

"What’s going on?" Chen Xiang was extremely shocked. Logically speaking, this should be a crystal, even if it was inferior, it should be a liquid.

Chen Xiang suddenly remembered something, the Heavenly Alchemy had introduced this to him before. Once it reached a certain point, the ingredients could be refined into a very unique form!

"It’s not a gas, it’s ... "Spiritual Body!" Chen Xiang remembered the introduction inside the Heavenly Alchemy!

He did not know what was going on, but it was definitely stronger than the crystal form from before, after all, it had been refined using the Second Crash.

"Come out and try it out!" Just as Chen Xiang was about to condense the pellet, he realized that he was a little weak and had no choice but to rest for four hours to recover.

After resting, Chen Xiang had recovered a lot and already had enough strength to condense the pill. He was looking forward to what kind of pill he would condense!

"He has already turned into a spirit body. Don’t tell me that he can really refine the pill into a human from now on ..." When Chen Xiang thought about this, he could not help but start fantasizing. He felt that this was very possible.

He had originally thought that condensing a pill would be extremely difficult, but he did not expect it to be so easy. This caused him to be very surprised.

"Could it be that the pill forming process will make it easier?" Chen Xiang thought, he did not know if other Alchemist could do this, but he had never heard of it before.