Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang came to the Sacred Wasteland, and even went to look for the Great Landlord.

He once again came to the hall where the Great Landlord was!

When Great Landlord saw Chen Xiang, his old face was filled with shock, and he anxiously said: "Limitless Qi, you actually managed to cultivate Limitless Qi now!"

The Great Landlord only saw that Chen Xiang had cultivated the Infinity Qi, and did not know how powerful Chen Xiang’s Tenfold Door was. He immediately walked down from his seat and came to Chen Xiang’s side.

"Hehe, are you surprised?" Chen Xiang laughed.

"Yes, normally, only a tenth level Dao Sovereign would be able to cultivate the Boundless Qi." The Great Landlord was very surprised.

"But I’m not an ordinary person." Shen Ji laughed, "Great Landlord, what will happen after you finish cultivating the Dao god gold body?"

"Once you cultivate the Dao god gold body, you will not be torn to pieces by the power of the cataclysm when you go to Divine Wasteland. Going to Divine Wasteland would mean leaving the Heavenly Dao, and before that, you will have to pass through a cataclysmic path which contains extremely terrifying power within this passage." The Great Landlord said: "Generally speaking, only by cultivating the Dao god gold body will one be able to pass this path."

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "That means, if I am able to cultivate it now, I can also go?"

Great Landlord took a deep breath. He never thought that Chen Xiang would have such an idea, it was something even Dao Sovereigns did not dare to think about.

"I don’t know!" Great Landlord thought about it, but in the end, he still could not confirm his answer. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"What is your current cultivation level?" Great Landlord asked, because he could not tell that Chen Xiang had come here with only Dao Po realm.

"Ten stages of Dao profound realm!" Chen Xiang said.

"But that’s not possible. You just got rid of the three Dao Sect youths from the Jin Clan. Although they are all youths, they are the most outstanding disciples of the Jin Clan. Furthermore, they are Dao Sovereigns. Your Dao profound realm cannot get rid of them." Great Landlord already knew that Chen Xiang had annihilated the Immortal City.

"Then how can I confirm my current cultivation level? I have indeed just cultivated the first Tenfold Door. " Chen Xiang said.

"Come, use all of your strength and punch me." Great Landlord leaned his face over, and pointed to his own face: "Don’t be polite, just give me a punch."

Chen Xiang felt that it was kind of funny, but the other party was a Great Landlord, a very powerful existence, so he was not worried about being beaten up by the rest.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang took a deep breath: "I might need some time to gather my strength, is that possible?"

"Sure, the stronger the better!" Of course the Great Landlord was not afraid of Chen Xiang, he just wanted to see how strong Chen Xiang was right now, because it was very rare for Chen Xiang to be able to produce such an Absolute Qi at his current level of cultivation.

When Chen Xiang channeled his majestic Dao Energy through the Tenfold Door, he was no longer able to suppress the berserk power. Although Chen Xiang’s Dao Energy did not leak out, the formless power was extremely terrifying, causing the entire Eternal Life Native Bank to sway continuously.

Feeling the aura, Great Landlord’s face turned serious. Chen Xiang’s strength had already surpassed his expectations, and the entire hall was shaking frantically, as the chair fell to the ground!

Not only that, the entire city was shaken by the deterrence of Chen Xiang’s power!

"Is it ready?" Great Landlord’s expression was solemn, he frowned and asked.

"It’s not enough yet, wait a little longer!" Chen Xiang replied: "It’s going to be fine soon!"

Great Landlord looked at Chen Xiang and suddenly started to worry, he was also afraid of pain, and with Chen Xiang being so powerful, he wondered what would happen to him!

As the supreme Great Landlord, he obviously could not withdraw his head right now, as that would be disgraceful. He would rather be beaten into a pig head than to return in front of Chen Xiang.

"They’re going to fight!" Chen Xiang said, and then he punched Great Landlord in the face.

The moment he punched out, Chen Xiang actually used the same method as the Devil Subduing Method, which was to turn power into waves of attack, and attack wave after wave of attacks. Right now, he was using the seventh level of the Devil Subduing Method, which was the continuous attack of seven forces. Seven tremors.

When the fist landed on Great Landlord’s face, it exploded with a "boom" sound, a burst of intense white light flashed, and a wave of berserk energy rushed in all directions, causing Chen Xiang himself to be blown back repeatedly!

Just now, Chen Xiang could also feel that the Great Landlord had released a Domain of Power to stop the power Chen Xiang had unleashed when he punched out.

Great Landlord was also flung out, smashing into the chair he was seated on, his entire person laid on top of the chair’s fragments. The seats all around him were crushed into powder by Chen Xiang’s punch.

"Great Landlord, are you alright?" Chen Xiang immediately walked over, only to see Great Landlord covering his face with his hands, his expression was filled with shock.

"Your chair is so strong. It’s just broken." Chen Xiang giggled.

"This chair is my favorite. After sitting here for a long time, you finally broke it." Great Landlord laughed and scolded, "You monster and brat, you are truly scary! For the heavens to have not noticed you and not only did they not punish you, they even gave you good luck! "

"There’s nothing I can do about it. My luck is good." Chen Xiang laughed.

The Great Landlord was truly powerful. If it was any other Dao Sect or something like that, they would have already been annihilated by that remaining punch.

"Honestly speaking, have you completely opened all ten of your Tao profound Door s?" The Great Landlord already knew why Chen Xiang was so strong.

"En!" Chen Xiang nodded.

"Not bad. There aren’t many people who can do this. At least, I can’t do it. At least, I can’t do it." Great Landlord sighed.

"This is impossible! Great Landlord, you should be able to cultivate the Dao god gold body now. " Chen Xiang said.

My Tao profound Door is only half-activated, if you want to fully open it, then you will have to work even harder. Furthermore, when you were training to become a Tenfold Door, your physical body had been constantly strengthening, so it is relatively easier to open up your Tenfold Door at this time. "Su Yun said in a low voice. The Great Landlord said.

"Clearly, you have already found a way to completely open the Tao profound Door at this stage."

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "The main reason is because the pills I refine are powerful, this kind of pills!"

Great Landlord took it and looked, and sniffed it, then said: "There’s a scent of Dao god emporer Yuan Dan, but it doesn’t look like a Dao god emporer Yuan Dan."

"This is the Dao god emporer Yuan Dan, I just strengthened it, this is of the super high quality, eat one and you will know." Chen Xiang laughed, "Perhaps I can help you change your current situation."

After Great Landlord ate it, his expression slightly changed, and then he became ecstatic: "There is indeed a slight effect, is this really a pill you refined? "Awesome!"