Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was also very surprised to hear this news. The people from the Heaven Wasteland Aristocratic Family actually received help from the Divine Wasteland.

"How is Divine Wasteland going to help Heaven Wasteland Aristocratic Family?" Chen Xiang was currently in the same mood as Great Landlord, "Did Heaven Wasteland Aristocratic Family feel any threat?"

"I don’t know, but in short, this is the information I got. In this situation, there are people from the Divine Wasteland, and they are even in the Heaven Wasteland Aristocratic Family, it is really strange, I have never heard of the people from the Divine Wasteland coming here, could there be a problem with the Heavenly Dao?" Great Landlord frowned: "Anyway, this is not a good thing for us!"

"Can I still go kill that Holy Son of Heaven Wasteland now?" Chen Xiang asked, this was his goal in coming to Sacred Wasteland, if not, he would immediately return to New Eight Wastelands.

"I’m not sure yet. Wait for me, I’ll go find out!" "I want to find out what kind of strength that fellow from Divine Wasteland has. If he is a threat to us, then we have to think of a way to kill him."

After Great Landlord left, Chen Xiang’s heart also became heavy. The people from Divine Wasteland must be very strong, if Great Landlord was unable to fight against that person, then the power of the New Eight Wastelands would become unbalanced, and at that time, the ones who would suffer would be the ones on their side.

"Hopefully, the fellow from Divine Wasteland won’t be too strong, if not it’ll be troublesome." Chen Xiang was a little worried that the opponent would come for his Heavenly Alchemy. If that person used the despicable trick from before and used the people beside him to threaten him, he did not know how to react.

He didn’t know how the Great Landlord found out about this information, but it looked like he saw it with his own eyes, he was very sure about it, and his speed of investigation was very fast, so he returned very quickly.

"Brat, it’s confirmed now! There are three fellows from Divine Wasteland, and their strengths are all on par with mine! " Great Landlord finally heaved a sigh of relief. If he was so powerful that he could not fight against Yue Yang, he would be in deep trouble.

"There are no fewer than three guys. Are they a big threat?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It’s not that big, at least I don’t have to worry about them messing around. If I go all out, they will definitely be afraid of me." That’s why you don’t have to worry, when the time comes, you will go challenge that Holy Son of Heaven Wasteland and kill him. " The Great Landlord said.

"Didn’t you say there are two Holy Son of Heaven Wasteland s?" Chen Xiang said.

"Yes, there are two. When the time comes, both of them will accept the challenge and set up two rings. If you think you can do it, then go up on two rings and defeat them." Great Landlord was very confident in Chen Xiang, because he had received Chen Xiang’s punch before and knew that Chen Xiang was very strong.

"Okay, if it starts, come and inform me. I still want to concoct pills, and see if I can enter the Dao Shi realm in the next two days!" Chen Xiang laughed: "If I were to enter the Dao Shi realm, my strength will increase by a lot!"

"Of course, all ten of your Tao profound Door s have been opened, if you enter the Dao Shi realm, you will gain a lot of power, and if others only have a very small number of Tao profound Door s, even if you step into the Dao Zong realm, compared to the ten levels of the Dao profound realm, the increase in power will not be much." Great Landlord nodded: "Then I wish you success!"

After Great Landlord, Chen Xiang took a deep breath, adjusted his current mood, and began to refine the mystical pills!

The Cultivation Profound Pill was a low-grade Emperor Stage pill, so it was not very difficult for Chen Xiang. It was very easy to refine it, and it only took a pot before it was successfully refined!

"The mystical pills are exactly like this!" Chen Xiang looked at the four mystical pills in his palm, which looked like green beans. After he ate them, he immediately felt that his Tao profound Door was absorbing something.

"That’s right, I train in the Fire Laws and Space Laws ..." I have a total of Tenfold Door s, how should we split them? " Chen Xiang was thinking about this issue, the power of space was also very important to him.

"Open it three or seven times!" Cultivate three spatial profound gates, seven flame profound gates! " Chen Xiang thought about it and made a decision.

When cultivating the Code Door, one must release the appropriate amount of power to guide the medicinal power of the mystical pills, allowing the medicinal power to make a choice. This way, the Tao profound Door would be quickly cultivated to a Code Gate with the characteristics of the Code.

Chen Xiang planned to cultivate a spatial profound door on the road first. With his current flame capacity, especially with the help of the Chuangshi god furnace, he did not feel that the flame power was insufficient.

After consuming those few pellets, Chen Xiang only needed a few hours of cultivation to finish consuming all of the medicinal strength.

"I don’t have the medicinal strength anymore. It seems that I can only concoct the super high quality mystical pills." Previously, when Chen Xiang was refining Dao god emporer Yuan Dan, he was able to execute three Crash s, which was a mid-grade Emperor Stage pellet. But now, when he was refining low-grade Emperor Stage pellets, he felt that four Crash s was not a problem.

Chen Xiang used a moment to adjust his condition, and then began to refine high quality mystical pills!

Very quickly, the three Crash s were completed and everything was very calm. Chen Xiang was very satisfied with his control over his own strength, but if he were to refine the middle grade Emperor Profound Core and Dao god emporer Yuan Dan of the Nine Yang Emperor Profound Core, it would definitely cause a huge commotion.

"Four Crash s, this one should be enough for me to cultivate up to the Spatial Profound Gate." Chen Xiang thought to himself, then proceeded with the Four Crash. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Bang!

The furnace only released a low sound, the energy that had erupted was suppressed by Chen Xiang, so the sound was very small, not as loud as when he was refining the middle grade Emperor Stage pills.

"There’s really a huge difference between low-grade Emperor grade medicinal pills and mid-grade Emperor grade medicinal pills!" Chen Xiang never thought that refining the mystical pills would be so easy, and he even went through four Crash s.

"It’s only been eighteen hours!" Chen Xiang calculated the time, it was going to be faster, since he was refining something of the highest quality, and if it was an ordinary refining process like before, he would only need six hours.

After being completed, Chen Xiang immediately consumed it. This was also a pill that had a Spiritual God, so after consuming it, he could only channel the power of the spatial laws and guide the medicinal power to absorb the spatial energy to cultivate the spatial profound door.

"The Great Landlord hasn’t arrived yet. It seems like I can still refine another batch. After I get used to it, I should be able to shorten it a bit." Chen Xiang took out the medicinal ingredients and continued to refine.

He didn’t need to worry about that pill, he could just refine it by himself. That would allow him to focus on concocting the pill!

After just half a day, Chen Xiang could already feel a change in one of his Tao profound Door s. He immediately observed carefully and discovered that this Tao profound Door was somewhat different from the other nine.

He tried using this Spatial Mysterious Gate and instantly absorbed a large amount of Spatial Force!

In the past, if he wanted to obtain this much power of space, he would have to use his dao power to transform it. At the same time, he would have to borrow the power of the Ancient Code from the Dao Dan realm.