Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang once again felt the benefit of opening the Tao profound Door completely, as he absorbed the power of the Ancient Code effortlessly.

"Damn it, don’t tell me that the power of law is inexhaustible?" Chen Xiang took a deep breath. When he had absorbed the extremely strong power of spatial energy, he did not feel any exhaustion.

"I’ll ask him when Great Landlord arrives." Chen Xiang continued to refine the pellet, he was about to finish refining the furnace, at that time, he would be able to cultivate a new Code and Profound Gate.

After two hours, Chen Xiang had finished refining the second batch of high quality mystical pills. After he ate it, the Great Landlord arrived.

"It’s starting. We can go challenge those two fellows now. They should have started fighting with the others by now." The Great Landlord laughed: "When the time comes, let go and fight. Those Heaven Wasteland Aristocratic Family s themselves said that if their Holy Son of Heaven Wasteland is beaten to a pulp, they definitely won’t blame you."

"Their words are unreliable, those guys are very shameless." Chen Xiang curled his lips.

"That’s true. If they dare make a move, I’ll make a move then ..." "Right, if I defeat those two brats, I’ll be able to obtain some medicinal ingredients and pill formulas." The Great Landlord laughed, "Is it because you have a sudden motivation?"

Chen Xiang’s eyes lit up, this was indeed something he was looking forward to, but he sighed, "I was just worried that this guy wouldn’t give it to me when the time comes."

Chen Xiang had experienced the people from the Heaven Wasteland Aristocratic Family, and it could be said that their luck was bad.

"Don’t worry, if they don’t give it to me when the time comes, I’ll help you ask for it." Great Landlord also wanted to see Heaven Wasteland Aristocratic Family make a fool of himself, so he swore on his word.

"Alright, that’s right, Great Landlord. I have already stepped into the Dao Shi realm and have cultivated a profound door of laws. Chen Xiang asked.

"Theoretically, it is possible, there are a lot of Laws. Once you reach the Dao Dan realm, you can borrow some, but once you reach the Dao Shi realm, you can continue to absorb them through the Tao profound Door." The Great Landlord said, "It’s just that after absorbing a large amount of the power of the Ancient Code, this power will flow through the Divine Sense Sea, and finally flow through the body. That’s why it has a huge burden on the body and the Divine Sense Sea."

"If one continued to madly absorb the power of the Ancient Code without restraint, regardless of whether the body or the Divine Sense Sea s are able to handle it, the moment one loses control, the profound door will collapse and the power of the Ancient Code will constantly surge into the Divine Sense Sea s. Not only will the Divine Sense Sea s explode from the impact, even their bodies will be blown up as well."

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "I understand, so there are many things that I should take note of."

The Great Landlord patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder, and laughed: "Of course, this is for most people. For a monster like you with a powerful physical body that can support ten fully opened Tao profound Door, you don’t need to worry about it at all when absorbing the power of the Ancient Code."

Chen Xiang was still refining a pellet. He used his fire dao energy to guide the medicinal power, allowing the medicinal power to automatically absorb the fire energy to cultivate the profound entrance. He wanted to see what it would be like if he could cultivate a fire profound entrance.

"Let’s go." Chen Xiang wiped his nose and laughed.

The Great Landlord brought Chen Xiang to the fighting arena. At this time, there were two fighting platforms where people were fighting.

Chen Xiang could see these two people from afar. They were both young men, and although they looked handsome and clean, they were both cruel and merciless.

At this time, a Holy Son of Heaven Wasteland stabbed his hand into a challenger’s chest, pulling out the heart, and then inserted it into the challenger’s eyes, piercing his eyeballs out ... ... This kind of brutal fighting style was shocking to the eye, and caused one’s scalp to go numb.

The other Holy Son of Heaven Wasteland on the fighting stage was also this ruthless as he tore off the challenger’s four limbs and then crushed them right in front of that person.

"I can’t watch any longer." Chen Xiang frowned and asked, "Are these guys demons? Demons are nothing more than this."

"Heaven Wasteland Aristocratic Family has always been like this. I have long since gotten used to it." Great Landlord sighed helplessly: "After all, they have the rules first. No matter what happens on the stage, they have to take responsibility."

He said that he had received extremely cruel treatment before. At that time, Chen Xiang did not have much of an idea about it, but now that he had seen the methods of these young disciples of the Heaven Wasteland Aristocratic Family, he truly felt the anger Long Jiuxiao had at the time. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Very quickly, the two people on the stage were tormented to death. To cruelly torture the challenger to death in front of so many people, this made the two Holy Son of Heaven Wasteland s very happy.

Looking at the ground littered with minced meat, one could tell that quite a number of people had been tortured to death like this.

"No one dares to come up anymore. Hmph, even trash like you want our family’s reward. Trash is trash." A Holy Son of Heaven Wasteland laughed sinisterly.

The two Holy Son of Heaven Wasteland s were both at the first stage of the Dao Sect and the person who challenged them was at the tenth stage of the Dao Zong realm. Therefore, there were many people at the fifth or sixth stage of the Dao Sect who felt that their chances of winning were rather high and felt that even if they could not win, they would definitely be able to retreat safely.

"Brat, you can’t be afraid, right?" The Great Landlord laughed, because he saw Chen Xiang standing there blankly and not saying a word.

"Of course not." Chen Xiang was distracted just now because he was looking at the state of his cultivation, because there was still a pellet in his body that he had not finished refining.

"How long did they accept the challenge?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Two days and two nights. During this time, they will always be on the stage. No matter how many challengers there are, no matter if they are injured or not, they will not refuse the challenge." The Great Landlord said.

"Then wait a little longer." Chen Xiang planned to refine the second Tao profound Door before going up. This would allow him to use the other party to practice his techniques.

At this time, no one dared to go up. They already knew how terrifying these two Holy Son of Heaven Wasteland s were, and the ones that were killed just now were those with decent strength at the tenth stage of the Dao Zong realm.

A first stage Dao Zong realm was actually able to easily kill ten stages. Many people would not dare believe this was real unless they saw it with their own eyes.

After six hours, there was finally someone who challenged him. This person’s strength was not bad, although he could not defeat Holy Son of Heaven Wasteland, he was able to survive. It was just that he was missing an arm and a heart, but he was still alive.

During this period of time, a few others who were not afraid of death ran up, but none of them escaped. They were all crushed into meat pieces, causing the entire fighting stage to be filled with meat, and they died miserably.

"Alright."

After a few hours, Chen Xiang finally succeeded in refining a Tao profound Door into a flame profound door, and was able to directly absorb a large amount of fire energy.

Chen Xiang walked to one of the fighting stages. Great Landlord smiled from behind: "Be careful, don’t be too careless."