Chapter 260 - Rewards of the Tycoons

------------

Regarding the generosity of Hua Xiangyue, everyone was feeling rather shocked. A thousand True Elemental Dans, that was worth five million crystal stones! This made those disciples secretly gulp down their saliva.

Chen Xiang also didn’t thank Hua Xiangyue, they had pretty good relations so Hua Xiangyue did not say anything.

"Danxiang Taoyuan is really kind..." Chen Xiang contemptuously glanced at the tycoons from the other sects; the look in his eyes was telling those Deans ’You’re all cheapskates, the other person is a female and so generous.’

Only Chen Xiang, this kind of guy who kept on calling Gu Dongchen and the others as little martial nephews throughout the day, could toughen up in front of so many tycoons.

"Seniors, a while ago you had already thanked me. A monetary reward is nothing, I’m already satisfied with the thousand True Elemental Dans from Danxiang Taoyuan." Chen Xiang said, his face was brimming with a strange smile.

"This is a Profound Fire Crystal. You are an alchemist, this can purify your flames even further, I think you should be well aware of it’s advantages! Take it!" Liu Menger tenderly snorted before speaking, she then raised her jade-like hands as she threw a stone glittering in a fiery red light towards Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang quickly caught it, he was obviously aware of the formidability of the Profound Fire Crystal, it was as precious as an earth-level spirit herb. Other tycoons were once again feeling extremely shocked, Liu Menger was actually willing to gift this kind of thing to Chen Xiang. One must know the Profound Fire Crystal’s worth was the same as the thousand True Elemental Dans.

"This reward comes from both the Divine Weapon Heavenly Empire and the Icewind Valley!" Liu Menger added another sentence before letting out another tender snort.

Although Liu Menger’s tender snort appeared to be a normal response, Hua Xiangyue was a woman, and her intuition told her that there was definitely another layer of relation between Liu Menger and Chen Xiang from that little clue.

Chen Xiang mischievously laughed as he received the Profound Fire Crystal.

Two women could so generously give out such heavy rewards, which made the hearts of those male Deans secretly bleed. The True Martial Sect’s Tang Yichao didn’t speak anything, with his sect’s four disciples, he just marched off, which made the other sect’s Dean and disciples secretly hold him in contempt.

Chen Xiang could understand Tang Yichao’s mood, after all, several Nirvana Realm martial artists from True Martial Sect had been slaughtered by him. Tang Yichao would kill himself before giving Chen Xiang anything, saying thank you was already quite good.

Now, only the gentle and refined Dean of the Lotus Island was left. He was called Lian Yingxiao. He smiled at Gu Dongchen, before saying, "Brother Gu, it must be a headache having such a disciple!" While speaking, he took out a fist-sized ball.

Seeing this, Hua Xiangyue suddenly gave a tender shout, "White Jade Lotus Seed!"

The White Jade Lotus Seed was on par with the Hell Spirit Grass. Both were sacred herbs which could bring the dead back to life, and regrow one’s bones and flesh. Moreover, it was even rarer than the Hell Spirit Grass.

After Lian Yingxiao handed it over to Chen Xiang, the Dean took a glance at Lian Mingdong. Although it was only a glance, Chen Xiang still caught the complex look within his eyes, and he was sure that the Lotus Island’s master had some relation with Lian Mingdong.

"Brother Lian is truly generous, you even took out the soul of your island!" Gu Dongchen laughed and said.

"That is a given, if not for him, all my Lotus Island’s disciples would have probably been killed, moreover, from now on, we will have to fight with a bunch of ancient devils! Our sect will definitely be affected." Lian Yingxiao slightly smiled and said.

"From what I see, you’re afraid of being pressed down by a woman!" Liu Menger faintly smiled. She came in front of Xue Xianxian and Leng Youlan and caressed their heads.

Chen Xiang gave a glance to Gu Dongchen, laughed and said, "Dean, I know our Extreme Martial Sect has a shortage of resources, that’s why you don’t need to give me anything."

Gu Dongchen was surprised for a moment, he secretly started cursing Chen Xiang. A while ago, Gu Dongchen was looking at these sect’s tycoons with a gloating expression, however, now it was their turn. Although Chen Xiang stated it like that, he made it very clear that he wanted something.

Chen Xiang had repeatedly asked for treasure from those tycoons, which made other disciples become drenched in cold sweat. They were all afraid that Chen Xiang would rather anger these powerful old codgers and then slapped to death.

Chen Xiang knew these Dean were all old codgers who had been alive for more than ten thousand years. They definitely had some sort of treasure which they could hand out, he smilingly looked at Gu Dongchen, trying to appear naive and innocent. The onlooking Gu Dongchen could not wait to beat Chen Xiang.

Gu Dongchen had to bite the bullet and took out a small black bottle. As soon as he took it out, the temperature of the surrounding suddenly soared, many profusely sweat from the sudden change in heat.

"What is this?" Chen Xiang knew it was definitely marvellous.

"During my sixth tribulation of Nirvana Realm, it is the collected Heavenly Heart Flame, it should be helpful to your flames." Gu Dongchen said.

Liu Menger and Lian Yingxiao both took in a deep breath. They knew the formidability of the Heavenly Heart Flames, but had not expected Gu Dongchen to be capable of collecting it! This was indeed a top tier peculiar unique treasure.

Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou also said it was good stuff, so Chen Xiang reluctantly took it.

Although only Chen Xiang obtained rewards from these Deans, those other disciples felt it should be like this. After all, Chen Xiang was also their savior, they held nothing but gratitude in their hearts so they didn’t voice out to get anything.

All disciples followed their respective Deans and left. Gu Dongchen released the disc again, carrying Chen Xiang and the others before leaving. During the parting, Xue Xianxian and Leng Youlan both asked Chen Xiang to come and find them whenever he had time. They had stayed with Chen Xiang for so long that they were content for now, this also gave them chance to see the difference between them and Chen Xiang.

"We survived and still have fortune left to come, haha..." Chen Xiang laughed and said. He patted Yun Xiaodao’s shoulder, "After we return, we will all be disciples of the King Martial Courtyard, we are the first batch!"

Everyone immediately got excited, Zhu Rong smiled and said, "We’re also bronze disciples and silver warriors, however, we have also suffered a lot. First, those three months of special training and then two months of suffering in that ghastly place."

"Don’t be too excited, every three years there is an assessment in the King Martial Courtyard. Those who are unqualified will be kicked out." Gu Dongchen said with a slightly upturned mouth, this made everyone disappointed in their hearts.

Although Lian Mingdong, Lei Xionglin and Lei Zhong had worst strength in this group, this gave them the opportunity to vastly improve. Moreover, they would obtain a ton of benefits, at the very least they had the opportunity to reside in the King Martial Courtyard for three years. As long as they grasped this good opportunity, they believed in the coming three years they would have improved enough to stay.

Very soon, they arrived back at the Extreme Martial Sect. During their time in the Southern Wasteland, many of them had very much missed their sect. At least in here, they didn’t have to live every second and minute in fear. They didn’t need to worry about those Human Devils and Devil Beasts every waking moment.

After returning, all ten of them did the exact same thing, and that was to get some good rest. In the Southern Wasteland, they couldn’t get a good quantity or quality of sleep.

Those True Disciples of the Extreme Martial Sect saw these ten safely return, became secretly jealous in their hearts because these ten would all obtain very rich rewards. If they had also gone at that time, then maybe right now...

However, there was no pill for regret. Not only they did leave a bad impression on the Dean and other Elders of the sect, they were looked down upon by Chen Xiang and the others.

A translated work of XianxiaworldAall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m