Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had seen the introduction of soul poison from the Heavenly Alchemy before, it was a type of thing that specifically poisoned the soul. This kind of poison was extremely terrifying, if it was refined properly, it could produce a very terrifying poison power and destroy a person’s soul.

He also found out from the Heavenly Alchemy that there was once a city whose people were infected with this kind of "soul poison", and although the people in the city weren’t dead, after being controlled by the soul poison, they would massacre one another and specifically eat people to maintain the growth of the soul poison in their bodies.

"Ah, you’re really something. Truly amazing. Very few people know about this sort of thing." Now, it was Du Xiaoling’s turn to be surprised.

The Heavenly Alchemy came from the Divine Wasteland, and much of Du Xiaoling’s knowledge was related to the things in the Divine Wasteland, so she felt that Chen Xiang should not know.

, you have to be careful with this kind of thing, this thing is as difficult to control as death poison. Chen Xiang said.

"Of course I know. I’m just curious as to why such a thing would appear here. Normally, only the people in Divine Wasteland would have the ability to create such a thing." Du Xiaoling frowned.

"Where did you get it?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Devil Wasteland, we will go to Devil Wasteland to catch Black Hairs Human and use it for research. We will see what kind of poison is best for Black Hairs Human." Du Xiaoling said.

Chen Xiang immediately thought of something. There were experts from the Divine Wasteland.

At this time, Bai Ziqian and Lv Qinlian had already reached the side of the jade vat. They worked together to help Xia Bailing absorb the energy quickly.

"Little Scoundrel, you just said that the situation outside is very complicated. We’ll talk about it when Elder Sister Xiao Ling and the others return. You can tell us about it now." Xia Bailing said.

Chen Xiang nodded and then told them about the scheme of the God of Heaven.

After Du Xiaoling heard it, he did not feel surprised at all, "So that’s how it is. I already felt it was strange, but luckily we did not make any moves against the group of Black Hairs Human s outside the Devil Wasteland.

Of course they couldn’t find it. The Black Hairs Human outside the Devil Wasteland were basically all devoured by Chen Xiang, and none of them went deep.

"Does big sister know about this? Did you go and tell her?" Lv Qinlian asked.

"Not yet, but she will know soon enough. Anyway, everyone needs to be prepared." When Chen Xiang arrived beside the jade vat, he stuck out his tongue at him. Then, he covered his chest and shouted, "You are not allowed to look."

"If you don’t want to watch, then don’t. It’s not like you want to fight." Chen Xiang laughed, full of ridicule.

"Little Scoundrel, wait for me to come out. I’m not done with you." Xia Bailing shouted.

Chen Xiang walked into the hut and said: "I need to concoct pills. It’s more important, do you have a secret room or something here?" RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

"There’s a secret underground room here. I’ll take you there." Du Xiaoling walked over and brought Chen Xiang to the secret underground room.

After arriving here, Du Xiaoling asked in a low voice, "Chen Xiang, did you manage to cultivate the Infinite Dao power?"

Du Xiaoling was a Dao God after all, and Chen Xiang wasn’t prepared for her so he didn’t intentionally suppress his aura. Furthermore, since he was so close to her, she could easily detect his presence.

"Yes, I came out from eating Dao god emporer Yuan Dan." Chen Xiang nodded.

"In other words, your current Tao profound Door must be very powerful." Du Xiaoling laughed: "Maybe after you become a Dao Lord, you will be stronger than me."

"Hehe, I’ll know when the time comes." Chen Xiang said.

"I plan to make a trip to Hundreds of Flowers Village with Ziqian. Ziqian said that she wants to take me for a walk, and she herself has never played around inside properly. Right now, she can completely control the poison in her body, and can frequently contact other people." Du Xiaoling said: "If you want to refine pills here, then come with us back to the Hundreds of Flowers Village."

"I will stay here. I have to make a trip to the Devil Wasteland since I am closer to the Devil Wasteland." Chen Xiang said: "Elder Sister Xiao Ling, help me bring back a message, and some medicinal ingredients."

Chen Xiang gave Du Xiaoling a few ingredients that could refine Dao god emporer Yuan Dan, as well as the experience of Dao god emporer Yuan Dan using Crash method to refine. These were all made up of Dao god emporer Yuan Dan that Feng Yujie and the others could refine their own Crash method.

"Yes, both Qinlian and Bai Ling will be here. Bai Ling will need to soak in that thing for another ten days before succeeding." Du Xiaoling nodded.

That was why she wanted to see Xu Youqing. At the same time, she wanted to get to know the girls in Hundreds of Flowers Village, because she was the same as Bai Ziqian, who rarely came into contact with others. Now that she had already escaped from control, she wanted to get to know more people.

She had heard Lv Qinlian and Xia Bailing talk about the girls in the Hundreds of Flowers Village before, and she also planned to join the Hundreds of Flowers Village in the future and become one of them.

Du Xiaoling and Bai Ziqian left, Lv Qinlian was here helping Xia Bailing absorb the energy from the water, and Chen Xiang, who was supposed to refine pills, also ran up to the stage to help him refine the poison.

"Sister Qinlian, what poison are you refining? It smells so good." Chen Xiang was inside the small hut watching Lv Qinlian seriously refining a type of purple flower, wanting to turn it into medicinal powder.

"This is the Purple Blood Poison. After being poisoned, the blood will turn black. If it is unable to be removed within three days and three nights, the purple poison blood will solidify and cause great harm to one’s body. This is not a powerful poison." Lv Qinlian smiled sweetly.

Chen Xiang’s nose twitched, and he once again smelled an extremely strange and infinitely attractive fragrance.

"What is this? It’s so familiar." Chen Xiang said.

"Ahh ..." Lv Qinlian suddenly lowered her head, her face red: "This is the love poison in my body, but you don’t have to worry ... ... "Right now, my poison is not poisonous."

"So it’s like that." Chen Xiang looked at the blushing Lv Qinlian.

Just when Chen Xiang had the urge to, he suddenly raised his head, his face full of charms, his eyes full of flirting and flirting, looking extremely flirtatious, she laughed softly: "The last time you kissed me was many years ago, now in the blink of an eye, you little rascal have eaten Ziqian."

"This... You know. " Seeing the charming Lv Qinlian in front of him, who was slightly embarrassed, Chen Xiang became even more impulsive. Although Lv Qinlian was lovely, she was not as bold as Hua Xiangyue and Su Meiyao.

Looking at Lv Qinlian’s blurry eyes and smelling the unique fragrance of the emperor’s lotus, Chen Xiang unknowingly fell into a very warm and sweet trance. Unknowingly, he and Lv Qinlian had already embraced and kissed, and the two of them started to entangle each other inside the small hut ...

"This little b * stard, it’s this little wooden house again. And when big sister is awake, he’s eating another woman covered in poison." Xia Bailing who was soaking in the jade vat outside muttered, the voice was filled with jealousy.