Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

After Chen Xiang was done, it was unknown how long he had been immersed in this craziness. At this moment, he felt an indescribable tiredness, but it was also an incomparably wonderful feeling.

"I’m sorry, but this is the first time I’ve experienced such an experience and it’s hard to control the love poison. However, it won’t harm you, it will only make you tired for a few days." Lv Qinlian kissed Chen Xiang’s forehead, and said sweetly and gently.

"Why does your poison have this kind of effect ..." Chen Xiang asked somewhat powerlessly. When he was in a passionate relationship with Lv Qinlian, he also felt that he could not stop, as if he had been poisoned.

"Love poison... Of course it’s to urge you to do all sorts of things, to let you be poisoned ... And you are someone I love deeply, so you will be even more poisoned. " Lv Qinlian laughed: "But don’t worry, I won’t hurt you. It’s just that this is my first time experiencing it and I can’t control it.

"Are the two of you enough? Come out and help me absorb them." Outside, Xia Bailing shouted. "It’s been three days and three nights, you guys are crazy enough! I have to say that little scoundrel’s physique is really good. "

Seeing Chen Xiang’s astonished expression, Lv Qinlian blushed and then, with a gentle smile, walked out of the small hut!

"Three days and three nights!" Chen Xiang was surprised, and it was continuous, but he himself did not feel it.

Chu Hongqing and Yang Xiangyin kept on giggling inside the You Yao Mountain Villa. They knew what was going on very well.

Xia Bailing’s voice came from outside: "Qinlian, that emotional poison of yours is really powerful, especially to that little scoundrel ... Hehe, and you must have obtained quite a few benefits from him! "

Lv Qinlian chuckled, "Sister Bai Ling, he has absorbed quite a bit of my poison. In the future, when he accumulates it in his body, not only will his impenetrable be sufficient to cure the poison, but he will also be able to cure it."

"So powerful!" I want your lust poison as well! " Xia Bailing immediately said after hearing it.

"That won’t do, because that will only work for the man I love. Even if you like you, you’re not a man, so it won’t work." Lv Qinlian laughed.

... ....

Chen Xiang, who was in the small cabin, only closed his eyes to rest for a while and quickly became spirited. He didn’t know why, but it seemed like he could smell the intoxicating poison in Lv Qinlian’s body at any time, making him feel energized.

"You two little girls, what are you laughing at? Do you believe that I won’t punish you?" Chen Xiang laughed and scolded the two girls inside the You Yao Mountain Villa.

"Master, come here!" Chu Hongqing ridiculed.

Yang Xiangyin did not speak. She recalled that day when she kissed Chen Xiang and her heart was filled with anticipation, not to mention that Chen Xiang was her master. She had no complaints about anything Chen Xiang did to her. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"Am I poisoned too deeply? Why can you always smell the fragrance of Qinlian’s body! " Chen Xiang was extremely suspicious, as if he could smell it all the time. However, when he told Yang Xiangyin and Chu Hongqing to come out, they didn’t smell anything.

"Wait until Elder Sister Xiao Ling comes back, then ask her!" Yang Xiangyin said.

"En!" Chen Xiang took out his pill furnace and prepared to refine it.

The pills he was concocting right now were extremely special, and he would be using eight Primitive Tao Power Orbs to concoct Crash method s. As for what would happen in the end, he himself was not sure, so he could only give it a try.

In order to not let Lv Qinlian and Xia Bailing, who were above, be bored to death, Chen Xiang asked Yang Xiangyin and Chu Hongqing to go out and accompany them, especially Yang Xiangyin’s zither music, which was very depressing. Xia Bailing had liked it a lot, and while Lv Qinlian was refining poisons and listening to Yang Xiangyin’s unique zither music, he also felt that his heart was extremely calm, allowing her to stay in an extremely good state.

Although this was a garden filled with poisonous flowers, poisonous plants, and poisons, right now, it was reverberating with a beautiful zither song. A strange intoxicating fragrance wafted in the air, causing the people inside to feel extremely peaceful.

However, just as the four girls were enjoying the wonderful scene, the ground suddenly shook and a muffled explosion sounded out.

"What’s wrong?" Lv Qinlian asked anxiously.

"Master is concocting pills... "He’s concocting a very powerful pill, so it’s normal for him to have some activity." Chu Hongqing anxiously said.

Lv Qinlian knew that Chen Xiang was powerful when he was refining pills, but she had rarely seen him refining pills of the highest quality, so she did not know much about it.

"How good is he at concocting those pills?" Xia Bailing hurriedly asked, it had been a long time since she had tried to concoct pills, she had often concocted poisons, and after not meeting Chen Xiang for so long, Chen Xiang had actually gotten even stronger, she knew that Chen Xiang had definitely concocted many powerful pills, which was why he could breakthrough so quickly.

"I can’t explain either. The ingredients for this pill are extremely unique, and they aren’t common medicinal herbs!" Chu Hongqing said. As for whether or not Chen Xiang could succeed, even Chen Xiang himself was not sure, so he was even more unsure.

However, Chu Hongqing knew about Chen Xiang refining the Dao god emporer Yuan Dan and the Nine Yang Emperor Profound Core, which was also what Chen Xiang had told her later. Previously, she had also been in the You Yao Mountain Villa to learn how to rush forward and refine pills.

She would tell Xia Bailing and Lv Qinlian about these things right now. She knew that Xia Bailing and Lv Qinlian were extremely close to each other, and they wanted to know more about Chen Xiang’s situation.

"I have eaten the Dao god emporer Yuan Dan that Sister Qiao Yan refined. However, I have not gone through any collision refining, so the improvement of my body is very big." Lv Qinlian said.

"Dao god emporer Yuan Dan s are middle tier Emperor Stage pellets. They cultivate Dao god gold body flesh, so the increase in their bodies is naturally huge! However, after the collision, the medicinal effects will be even greater. This is the strength of the little scoundrel, I definitely won’t be able to do what he did! This guy, he actually managed to get to the Four Crash, he’s truly a monster. " With regards to this, Xia Bailing had no choice but to admire Chen Xiang.

Lv Qinlian nodded and said, "Meiyao and the others have told me before, that it would be very difficult for them to grasp the Crash method as well. Sister Bai Ling, why don’t you join their pill refining team and refine pills together with them? They have a method that allows you to refine pills with a connected heart and form a whole. Furthermore, there are great improvements in all aspects, making it much easier for you to use the Crash method.

"Mn, I’ll go once I finish cultivating the impenetrable’s physique." nodded, she had understood this method before when she was in Hundreds of Flowers Village. It was previously called the Seven Souls Refinement, but later on there were many women who joined in the refinement, so she changed her name to Heart Connecting Refinement.

The few girls were chatting happily on top, while Chen Xiang, who was pill refining below, was covered in blood, with seven holes on his head bleeding. It looked like he was severely injured.

"Alright... What a strong Primitive Tao Power! " The instant Chen Xiang had used the Crash method, he had become like this. He had also used all his strength to suppress the explosive power, otherwise, it would have completely leaked out.

Although he was severely injured, he managed to preserve the force of the charge. All of it was inside the Chuangshi god furnace.