Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

From the memories of the Evil Dragon Prince, Chen Xiang knew that the Evil God Mountain was the headquarters of the evil forces, and there were many big shots of evil forces gathering, and the strongest among them was the Heavenly Dao Evil God, which was also created by the Natural Law Divine Lord. ybdu!

"The Evil God of the Heavenly Dao is very strong. If you all still possess the cultivation of Dao Gods, can you all really defeat him?" Chen Xiang asked. The strength of the Heavenly Dao Evil God was even stronger than the Evil Dragon Prince’s Evil Dragon Father, that was why Chen Xiang asked him this question.

Evil Dragon Prince’s father was also a Dao deity!

"Well... It’s a little difficult. " Yuan Feng laughed, he never thought that he would have such an understanding of the Evil God of the.

"What if we add on the Great Landlord?" Chen Xiang asked again.

"This is still a little difficult ..." Yuan Feng sighed, "The reason the Evil God of the Heavenly Dao is stronger than all the other people who cultivate under the Dao is because when the Natural Law Divine Lord created this guy, he left a large amount of Primitive Tao Power on his body!"

Yuan Xin added, "The Evil God of the Heavenly Dao himself said that he had a Primordial Dao Pill in his body. I wonder what that thing is, in short, he can use a lot of Primitive Tao Power s to fight against it."

"Enough, let’s hurry up and leave this place. The Natural Law Divine Lord will soon find out about our situation and if we remove our restrictions, we will definitely be discovered by him. Furthermore, we will also kill that many Natural Law Divine Spirit s." Yuan Feng took out a disc, "Come up, quickly leave Heavenly Evil World!"

Chen Xiang and Yuan Xin anxiously walked over.

"I still haven’t figured out what’s going on with the Heavenly Evil World." Chen Xiang asked.

"As for Heavenly Evil World... Just like the Natural Law Divine Realm, these two worlds were equivalent to a Twin Worlds. The laws and the life forms of both worlds were the same, only the two worlds were not connected. The difference between Heavenly Evil World and Natural Law Divine Realm is that there is a Heavenly Evil Abyss here, and every so often, there will be a large amount of Evil Spirit gushing out, and over time, this world will produce a large amount of Evil Spirit. "

Yuan Feng controlled the disc to fly, shuttling through space.

"During this period of time, the Heavenly Evil Abyss had been constantly releasing Evil Qi, and did not stop, and also released a lot of Evil Qi. This made the group of Evil God Mountain happy to death, and the Evil Qi was considered a treasure to them, and Evil God Mountain was also beside the Heavenly Evil Abyss!"

Chen Xiang felt that it was weird, the Evil Dragon Prince’s memories did not have anything to do with the Heavenly Evil Abyss.

"Heavenly Evil Abyss, what is below this place? Why is Evil Force surging out?" Chen Xiang asked curiously.

"It is said that after a few evil beings from the Natural Law Divine Realm die, their evil energy will gush into the Heavenly Evil World, or the demons from other realms will die." Yuan Feng replied, "I don’t understand much myself."

Not long after, Chen Xiang saw a huge red screen of light in front of him. It was the door to the Natural Law Divine Realm.

"Hehe, I’m about to leave this damned place!" Yuan Feng laughed, he was previously forced to stay in this world and he did not like it here.

Just when they thought they would pass through the red light screen, the red light screen suddenly turned black!

"What’s going on?" Chen Xiang shouted in alarm. He wanted to use the White Tiger to jump and dodge, but he did not expect that the surrounding space was extremely chaotic.

After getting affected by this interference, Chen Xiang was unable to use his spatial energy at all!

"Hmph, destroy my plan. Go down into the abyss." Chen Xiang and the others heard the sound of their sinister laughter.

Abyss? Heavenly Evil Abyss!

Yuan Feng could not help but shiver, but there in front of him was a gigantic black vortex, continuously spinning, like a demon’s huge mouth, wanting to swallow them all.

"What’s going on, why did he enter the Heavenly Evil Abyss?!" Chen Xiang was currently very nervous. That place sounded very terrifying, and they were still discussing about it before, but did not expect to reach this place in the blink of an eye.

"I don’t know, but that voice was from the Natural Law Divine Lord!" Yuan Feng said in fear.

The fact that the Natural Law Divine Lord could actually do it himself, shocked Chen Xiang!

"Didn’t you say that this fellow is unable to bring his strength into these worlds?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It’s hard to say. He might have controlled the Heavenly Evil Abyss to teleport ... Previously, when the Evil Wasteland and the Devil Wasteland fused, it was precisely this guy who did this. " Yuan Feng clenched his teeth, he controlled the round disc to stabilize himself.

Chen Xiang and the others were currently in an extremely powerful vortex, and were completely incapable of escaping.

"This is trouble!" Yuan Feng suddenly shouted, because his plate suddenly cracked.

Just then, Chen Xiang felt a sharp pain from his body, as if it was being torn apart.

"The space is splitting apart!" Chen Xiang shouted in shock, and then, with a "boom", the disk beneath his feet exploded, causing a force to shake the three of them away.

In this Heavenly Evil Abyss, Chen Xiang could not use his power freely. He had originally wanted to release his Six Realms mirrors, but he could not do so no matter what.

As he continuously fell into the abyss, the pain Chen Xiang felt became more and more intense, especially for his Divine Sense Sea, the world inside seemed like it was going to collapse. Fortunately, at the critical moment, the Heavenly beast in his second Divine Sense Sea suddenly appeared and protected his first Divine Sense Sea!

And Chen Xiang was also knocked unconscious by the pain coming from his soul!

... ....

The dazed Chen Xiang woke up, and the moment he opened his eyes, he felt that it was extremely dazzling.

"Sunlight?" Chen Xiang recalled the incident where he fell into the Heavenly Evil Abyss, and it felt like he was in a nightmare.

"What’s going on? Didn’t I fall into Heavenly Evil Abyss? What is this place? It seems to be a very normal world. " Chen Xiang sat up and looked around. He was currently in a patch of grass and could hear the cries of the birds in the forest not far away.

"Beneath the Heavenly Evil Abyss is actually such a world?" Chen Xiang could not believe it, he used the Dao heart Eye to look around, and saw that the place was filled with Dao Qi.

"Where the hell am I?" Chen Xiang looked at the sky, then closed his eyes to sense the space. This space was extremely unfamiliar to him. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

If it was in Natural Law Divine Realm, he would close his eyes and a spatial mark would appear. With just a thought, he could teleport to the mark.

However, he could not do it here, his powerful Spatial Force was useless!

"Don’t tell me there are no Space Laws here!" After Chen Xiang became shocked, he went to check on the You Yao Mountain Villa inside. He could see the situation inside the You Yao Mountain Villa and he saw Long Run playing with a large group of children.

"Hongqing, are you alright?" Chen Xiang asked, previously, the impact on Divine Sense Sea World was not small.

"Everything is fine. You should be fine now!" Chu Hongqing asked.

"Yeah, I’m fine now!" Chen Xiang looked around: "I just don’t know where I am. This isn’t the Natural Law Divine Realm that I’m familiar with, and isn’t the Heavenly Evil World either!"