Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

The spectators from afar thought that Chen Xiang’s heart had been stepped on. Ji Yuelan had already bellowed in anger, she wanted to go over, but was stopped by Ji Yun’s descendants.

"You ... "Just what is this ..." Ji Yun was startled, he immediately threw a punch at Chen Xiang’s head, but the punch still missed, Chen Xiang was like a cloud, although it was scattered, but it quickly merged back together.

"Don’t think I didn’t know you were using poison." Chen Xiang sneered, and secretly released the fire dao energy inside the Fire Profound Gate, turning it into a fire vine, suddenly emerging from the ground and entangling Ji Yun.

"Go to hell." The instant that the Primitive Tao Power passed through the first layer of the profound door, it caused his entire body to be in even greater pain, but it also allowed him to become even stronger.

Primitive Tao Power s that passed through the profound doors were rarely terrifying, and when Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea s surged out, even the earth was trembling.

Boom.

Chen Xiang’s fist smashed towards Ji Yun’s chest. The Primitive Tao Power exploded under Chen Xiang’s control and shattered the upper half of his body. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Father." A soldier shouted from the distance as he rushed towards Chen Xiang, but was stopped by a few soldiers.

Ji Yun’s descendants were all stopped by the many warriors, and at this moment, Ji Yuelan also rushed towards Chen Xiang. Chen Xiang was seriously injured, and after defeating Ji Yun, he could only barely stand.

Ji Yuelan went over and hugged Chen Xiang. He was very excited.

"You win, Ji Yun and the rest of his family are going to leave Ji Tribe."

"Alright." Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief, closed his eyes, and fell into a deep sleep.

When Chen Xiang woke up, he found that the stone room he was in was decorated extravagantly. There were many gold ornaments, light stones, and his body was also covered with herbs.

"Fortunately it’s just a physical injury, Divine Sense Sea is fine." Chen Xiang secretly activated his Primitive Tao Power, using it to repair the damage to his body.

After battling Ji Yun, he had experienced how terrifying it was when his physical body had reached a certain degree of strength. Ji Yun only relied on his physical body’s strength, his speed and explosive power was extremely terrifying, and almost killed him.

After he woke up, he continued to recuperate on the bed. Ji Yuelan should be taking over the Patriarch’s affairs now and she should be the one to distribute the twenty thousand kilograms of beast meat.

After three days, Chen Xiang had more or less recovered, the Primitive Tao Power was very useful for the recovery of the body.

"Chen Xiang, are you alright?" Ji Yuelan asked Chen Xiang in concern when he saw him.

"It’s fine. How is the tribe now? Are they satisfied with you, the new patriarch?" Chen Xiang laughed and asked.

"I’m rather satisfied." Ji Yuelan said.

"If you have time, you can teach those warriors how to use their spiritual sense, and then use these Storage bag." Chen Xiang took out more than two hundred Storage bag. These were all worthless.

"The storage rings are meant for fairly outstanding warriors." Chen Xiang took out a few dozen more storage rings, and these things were all stored in his You Yao Mountain Villa for a very long time.

"Thank you." Ji Yuelan knew that these things were very important to the Warriors in the tribe. It could motivate more Warriors and make them stronger.

"I want to train in seclusion for a while." Chen Xiang said.

"Seclusion." Ji Yuelan didn’t know what that meant.

"It means that I need to cultivate in order to raise my strength..." Chen Xiang explained simply that he was actually going to concoct pills.

"Alright, I guarantee that it will be very quiet here and that no one will disturb you." Ji Yuelan said.

"That’s right, if there is such a beast core, you must keep it for me." Chen Xiang said again, that beast core could strengthen his body, he was prepared to refine it now.

... ....

Chen Xiang entered a secret room, which was originally an underground storage room.

"By refining a pill on a Six Realms mirrors, I can prevent my strength from exploding out." Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors and had it release an array formation.

Chen Xiang knew that the Primitive Land was definitely hiding something, but without sufficient strength, he couldn’t explore around. There were many powerful beasts among them, and if he met any strong beasts, he wouldn’t be able to teleport either, which would be extremely dangerous.

Chen Xiang placed the beast core that contained the special Primitive Tao Power into the Chuangshi god furnace, and then urged his fire dao energy to pass through the ten layers of profound doors, producing an extremely strong fire dao energy.

"It melted."

Chen Xiang saw a Beast Core that was like ice, slowly melting under the blazing fire, forming a gold aura. This type of gold aura rose to where there was no flame on the Chuangshi god furnace, and after condensing, it shone with an extremely bright gold light.

Under the burning of the flames, the beast core quickly became magnificent, and Chen Xiang then put in the Dao god emporer Yuan Dan’s medicinal ingredients.

After those medicinal ingredients were refined, Chen Xiang fused them with the Beast Core Qi.

The process of fusing was quite smooth. It only took him two hours to succeed.

"Let’s see how many Crash s we can execute." Chen Xiang was now a little frightened, because he had previously collided with the Primitive Tao Power, and was severely injured by it that time.

Furthermore, that beast core contained a large amount of Primitive Tao Power s, and it was rather special. If they were to collide with each other, it would definitely unleash a very strong power.

Chen Xiang was not willing to condense a core like this. After going through a Crash, its effects would be increased by many times.

"Let’s give it a try, I’m quite strong now, there shouldn’t be any problems." Chen Xiang transferred a large amount of Primitive Tao Power to the Six Realms mirrors and urged it to release a barrier over the pill furnace.

"It should be possible now." Chen Xiang was very confident in the power of the Six Realms mirrors.

"Begin." Chen Xiang controlled the eight Medicine crystal s to suddenly collide with each other.

At the moment of impact, the pill furnace only shook slightly.

"Success." Chen Xiang was pleasantly surprised, the movements were not too big, it was mainly because of the Six Realms mirrors, just a moment ago, the Six Realms mirrors had consumed a lot of his Primitive Tao Power.

"From the looks of it, it should be able to continue." Chen Xiang decided to carry out the second Crash because the barrier released by the Six Realms mirrors was very strong. It was relatively easy to defend against the first Crash, but it took much more energy.

Of course, the consumption wasn’t too much of a problem. Chen Xiang had the Primordial Profound Gate, so he would be able to quickly acquire a large amount from the Primordial Profound Gate.

"The second level." Moreover, Chen Xiang would fuse the tiny particles that he had rammed into into together. After that, he would split them into eight pieces for his second collision.

When he was at the second Crash, its power was not small, causing the entire Six Realms mirrors to shake violently.

Chen Xiang continued to execute the third stage, and when he reached the third stage, it caused the entire mountain to shake. This made him afraid of continuing with the fourth stage, as he was worried that he would destroy this Ji Tribe.

"Time to start condensing the pill." Under Chen Xiang’s control, everything inside the Chuangshi god furnace quickly fused together.

"As long as my Primitive Tao Power can pass through the third level of the profound door, I’m very satisfied. Right now, Chen Xiang’s Primitive Tao Power could pass through the first layer of the profound door, but it would injure him. If he could pass through the third layer of the profound door without getting hurt, his strength would increase by leaps and bounds.

If the effects of this Taoist Emperor Dan were good, he would definitely refine a large amount.