Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang knew that this was Natural Law Divine Lord’s goal, and he was in a hurry to go back and stop the evil forces inside the Heavenly Evil World.

"Senior, you said you can go back. How can you go back?" Chen Xiang said: "The evil forces in Heavenly Evil World, should be nurtured and developed by that Natural Law Divine Lord. As long as we exterminate you, maybe we can stop them."

"Killing off the evil forces is only temporarily alleviating the destruction of the Natural Law Divine Realm. If I want to stop them all, I have to kill the Natural Law Divine Lord." The old man shook his head: "But you don’t have to worry, the Primitive Land will not be affected, it is relatively safe here."

"No, Natural Law Divine Realm has my family and friends, I want to go back." Chen Xiang said: "Can you tell me how I can go back?"

The old man sighed, "I’ve said it before. There is a way to go back, but it’s rather difficult and very troublesome. I can’t guarantee that I won’t be able to."

"I want to try no matter how difficult it is." Chen Xiang said very firmly.

"Alright, I’ll tell you!"

After the old man finished drinking the bowl of soup, he slowly said, "There is a path that leads to Primitive Land. You should already know that! Other than that, there is also some Heavenly Evil Abyss that has the same situation, it’s just that the Heavenly Evil Abyss’s path is one-way, while the Myriad Gods Abyss’s path is two-way. "

Chen Xiang immediately understood that it was possible to return to the Myriad Gods Abyss from the Primitive Land! Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Senior, you mean to go back through the passage to the Myriad Gods Abyss?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Yes, in the middle of the Myriad Gods Abyss’s passageway, there are many passages that lead to spaces similar to Natural Law Divine Realm’s. Furthermore, it’s extremely difficult to reach the center, and only Primitive Emperor Race’s people can go there." The old man shook his head.

"Primitive Emperor Race? What the hell is this? " asked. It sounded a little fierce, but from the meaning of the words, he could understand that this should be a tribe from the Primitive Land, similar to Ji Yuelan’s tribe.

"In the Primitive Land, there are three types of humans. The strongest is the Primitive Emperor Race, then the Primordial Spirit Race, and finally the Primordial Mortal Race! The royal family and the spirit race are both together, and after the Transcendents evolve, they can also find the Primitive Sacred Land and become a primordial spirit race. "

"You should have seen the Transcendents before, those primitive people."

Chen Xiang thought about Ji Yuelan’s group of tribes. They were indeed very primitive, and should be the Transcendents.

"The Myriad Gods Abyss’s passageway is located in a forbidden area in the middle of the Primitive Sacred Land. With the Primitive Emperor Race guarding that place, it would be extremely difficult for me to enter, at least not as far as I can go." The old man said.

To think that there was such a powerful existence in Primitive Land, the old man in front of him was someone from the upper echelons of Divine Wasteland!

"Senior, didn’t I heard that the Primitive Land will be destroyed? In order to maintain its primal state, why is there such a strong existence? " Chen Xiang asked.

"Heh heh, that was all in the past, this Primitive Land had been through a lot of destruction, and the destructive powers came from the people at the top of the Divine Wasteland! That Myriad Gods Abyss is the tunnel that the destructive power had come through ... " The old man laughed: "The fellow above Divine Wasteland is very worried that the imperial clan in Primitive Land would be able to kill their way out, and the Primitive Land is indestructible. It is the start of the Myriad Realms, no matter what, humans and all kinds of powerful beasts will be born here."

"Right now, the Primitive Emperor Race has already developed very quickly, and the Divine Wasteland has also missed the best opportunity to destroy them, resulting in them being unable to do so from the Myriad Gods Abyss, unless they are willing to come here and fight with their weapons."

The old man’s words surprised Chen Xiang, the Primitive Emperor Race inside was actually so terrifying, and could directly threaten the existence of the Divine Wasteland.

"What kind of existence is the Primitive Emperor Race exactly? It’s actually that terrifying! " Chen Xiang sighed.

"Primitive Emperor Race is a human ancestor, the most primitive and most terrifying human being born from this Primitive Land. They were born with extremely terrifying strength, and were able to withstand all kinds of disasters without being extinguished. In the end, they spread the seeds of the humans throughout every world and every space."

Chen Xiang listened carefully, this was something that many people did not know about.

"The first batch of humans bred by the Primitive Land were the Primitive Emperor Race, then the Primordial Spirit Race, and finally the Primordial Mortal Race! The Primal Mortal race is the most numerous, but their strength is also extremely terrifying. In the end, they were able to produce a large number of savage beasts. "

"After the destruction and rebirth of the Primitive Land, this procedure is followed every time! Of course, the Primitive Land will not be destroyed in the future, because the strength of the Primitive Emperor Race here can defend against any power that wants to destroy this place. "

Chen Xiang looked to the sky and asked: "Where do you want to go, Primitive Sacred Land? I want to see, I want to return to Natural Law World! "

The old man pointed in a direction and said, "Over there is where it is. Walk all the way until you see the many tall mountains illuminated by the golden light. That is the Primitive Sacred Land."

"Thank you for the guidance, senior!" Chen Xiang immediately thanked him and prepared to leave.

"Sigh... Wait, why are you in such a hurry? This road is not easy to tread on. When I was walking on it, I saw many human corpses of savage beasts. " The old man immediately pulled Chen Xiang.

"By the way, what’s your name?" The old man chuckled and asked.

"Chen Xiang, where’s senior?" Chen Xiang said.

"Wan Yuxiong! If you want to go to Primitive Sacred Land, I can tell you more about it! I went to that place and almost died there. The humans there are extremely against us, they were born with the ability to tell that we are from another world. " Wan Yuxiong said.

"Why?" Chen Xiang did not understand, "I’ve met people from the Primordial Common Clan before, so I can get along with them."

"The Transcendents are different! The Primitive Emperor Race and the Spirit Race are of a higher level. They think that the alien race like us are here to destroy them, so they are wary of us. If we were to make a mistake in the Primitive Sacred Land, the consequences would be severe. Wan Yuxiong said.

Chen Xiang guessed that Wan Yuxiong must have also tried to escape to this place before, so he went to Primitive Sacred Land.

"I was going to the forbidden grounds in the middle of Primitive Sacred Land to be captured. Luckily, I was able to run fast, otherwise I would have died a long time ago." Wan Yuxiong sighed: "Those guys are really strong, if they can go to Divine Wasteland, they can definitely turn Divine Wasteland upside down."

Just as Wan Yuxiong finished speaking, the earth suddenly shook, his expression changed, and he said: "It’s that group, quickly run, follow me closely!"

With a sou sound, Wan Yuxiong ran away and disappeared. Chen Xiang could only barely catch him, he anxiously followed along!

At this moment, an intense pressure was pressing down on him. After all, that pressure caused his heart to palpitate with fear. That kind of power was extremely terrifying.

"Senior Wan, what’s going on? Is the Primitive Emperor Race chasing you? " Chen Xiang asked.

"It’s not the Primitive Emperor Race, it’s the Primordial Spirit Race. A noble Imperial Clan would not do such a thing! "F * ck, these guys have been chasing me for more than a thousand years. Are they annoying?" Wan Yuxiong scolded.

Chen Xiang took a deep breath. To think that they had been hunted for a thousand years, these Primordial Spirit Race were really patient.