Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang focused all of his energy into the Divine Sense Sea, causing the Divine Sense Sea to tremble non-stop. As he continued to increase the intensity of his energy, he suddenly felt very sleepy, he endured his sleepiness, and continued to release energy. But slowly, he became more and more sleepy, and the energy he gathered also gradually dissipated.

He was already asleep in the cage, sleeping soundly.

Chen Xiang’s body had fallen asleep, but his soul was able to sense that he was currently in a very strange state.

"Where is this place?" Chen Xiang was surrounded by a vast expanse of whiteness. He shouted a few times, and his voice resonated layer by layer.

As his voice echoed, three huge mirrors formed in front of him, the first of which flashed with images.

He carefully looked at the mirror. The scene inside was actually very familiar to him, making him miss it a lot.

The scene in the mirror depicted him and Xue Xianxian playing together when they were young. The two of them were having fun without any worries.

"Xianxian..." Seeing Xue Xianxian’s cute look, Chen Xiang could not help but laugh, he wanted to pinch her, but just when he had that thought, he already arrived in front of the mirror.

When he came to the front of the mirror, he suddenly remembered that Xue Xianxian was not the person he was familiar with.

"That was close!" His hand had almost touched the mirror, and he shook his head to clear it of the strong thought that he had almost lost.

Just now, there was a power that affected his mind, causing him to almost walk into the large mirror. He quickly turned around and ran.

After running for a distance, he saw a huge mirror in front of him!

Inside the mirror, there was also an image and a voice. It was the sound of a group of women playing!

Inside the mirror, it was a scene and figure that Chen Xiang was familiar with, it was the Hundreds of Flowers Village. He saw Xue Xianxian, Liu Meng’er, Lv Qilian, Feng Yujie ... These peerless beauties of the Hundreds of Flowers Village were soaking in a pool of hot water, each and every one of them naked.

These girls were all women that Chen Xiang was very familiar with, women who he had interacted with before, and were currently in the Hundreds of Flowers Village.

"Little Lizhi, Yao Shumei, Mu Jialan ... And there was also the mother and daughter pair, Imperial Concubine Lian and Xiao Jin’er ... "This..." Chen Xiang suddenly took a deep breath, and looked especially at Su Meiyao and Hua Xiangyue who were twisting their bodies on the shore, dancing that enchanting dance that could captivate souls.

The lust in the bottom of Chen Xiang’s heart suddenly surged, causing him to walk towards the mirror step by step. The alluring images made him sink into it, as if he would be able to share the happiness and bliss with these girls if he went in.

Just as his fingertips were about to touch the mirror, he saw that Xue Xianxian was smiling at him. Although her smile was very beautiful and sweet, it was not Xue Xianxian’s real smile.

Chen Xiang shuddered and was jolted out of his stupor!

"This is another trap!" Chen Xiang closed his eyes and took a deep breath, "These women will all be mine sooner or later.

He turned and ran, away from the mirror.

Just like before, he ran for a long distance before being blocked by a huge mirror. This time, he kept his head and stared at the mirror.

The mirror suddenly went black and a gush of black gas surged out from within, transforming into a black pole!

Looking at the rod, Chen Xiang was extremely terrified. Previously, he was struck by Ling Yuanguan’s pole and the pain went down to his bones, as though his soul was being torn apart. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Just as he was about to knock the stick away, it suddenly flashed behind him and hit him in the back.

"Ahh ..." Chen Xiang immediately screamed in pain and fell to the ground.

This kind of pain, was exactly the same as when Ling Yuanguan hit him before!

After hitting Chen Xiang down, the pole also hit him a few times, making Chen Xiang scream in pain!

He endured the pain and stood up, but just as he turned around, the rod had disappeared. In front of him were two mirrors, one of them depicting the happy scene when he was playing with Xue Xianxian when he was young.

As for the other, all the girls within the Hundreds of Flowers Village were having fun at the edge of the pond. Those jade bodies were extremely alluring, as long as one looked at the mirror, Chen Xiang’s Evil Flame would constantly surge up.

"Pick one of the two?" Chen Xiang looked at the mirror from his childhood, and then looked at the mirror the girls were bathing in, and knew that he couldn’t choose either.

And in the black mirror behind him, there was a stick that hurt even his soul!

Sure enough, when he turned around, that black mirror, that black stick, had also suddenly appeared and ruthlessly hit his body, causing him to scream miserably in pain. His body felt as if it was being pricked by needles, pulled out, stabbed again ...

"Fight... This is what I have to choose, and this is what I’m facing right now. " Chen Xiang finally understood that if he chose the mirror from his childhood, he would become a child like the Void Holy Man. If he chose the mirror from when the girls were bathing, he definitely wouldn’t end up well either.

Childhood is not going back, so that mirror is not realistic!

All the girls took a bath ... Those girls were all in Hundreds of Flowers Village. As long as he returned, he could still be with the woman he loved in the future. There was no need to choose!

And now, what he was facing was the power to fight against those who had made him his enemy, the power to trample over his dignity!

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" Chen Xiang was hit by the rod once again, and fell to the ground, but he slowly crawled towards the black mirror.

The black sticks kept hitting him, and he was screaming in pain as he crawled towards the black mirror, enduring the intense pain!

At this time, Xue Xianxian’s sweet laughter continuously echoed in his ears, causing him to turn around to take a look. Seeing the cute and lovable little girl in the mirror, the pain on his body disappeared as well.

However, he immediately closed his eyes and turned his head back. The rod immediately struck his body again, and after memorizing it, a voice resounded in his ears again. It was the laughter of the girls from the Hundreds of Flowers Village, and it was even the charming cries of Su Meiyao and Hua Xiangyue.

This time, he couldn’t help but look over to see Su Meiyao, Hua Xiangyue, Dongfang Xinyue, Imperial Concubine Lian and a few other charming demoness dancing in a beautiful manner.

"I will definitely punish all of you when I get back. I’ll let you off for now!" Chen Xiang took a few deep breaths and dispelled the thought of running over.

And it took a lot of courage for him to turn his head to the black mirror, because the moment he turned around, the stick would hit.

"Bastard ..." Is this the Tao Doom? " Chen Xiang roared, his forehead full of veins, he increased his speed and crawled towards the black mirror.

It was the right choice but the choice had to be painful. Although the other two choices were easy but it was a gentle trap!

This Tao Doom was testing his willpower. He himself was very clear about this!

After receiving hundreds of blows, Chen Xiang finally arrived in front of the black mirror. When his hand touched the black mirror, he was sucked into the black mirror ...