"What’s wrong? "Why is there an earthquake outside?" Seeing Chen Xiang coming over, Wan Yuxiong anxiously asked: "There is still a very fearful aura."

"It’s nothing, I just snatched Primitive Supreme Lord’s fiancee away." Chen Xiang snickered and used a White Tiger Leaping into the iron cage. He grabbed Wan Yuxiong and then used the White Tiger Leaping out of the cage.

Wan Yuxiong took a deep breath and said in surprise, "In such a short period of time, you entered the Dao Sovereign realm? It’s really powerful, and it’s even able to use the power of space! "

Of course, what shocked Wan Yuxiong the most was that Chen Xiang had actually snatched away Primitive Supreme Lord’s fiancee!

Rumble rumble rumble!

A shaking sound could be heard. It was obviously the anger of the Primitive Supreme Lord!

"Senior, let’s go. The Primitive Sacred Land isn’t safe right now." Chen Xiang pulled Wan Yuxiong and consecutively teleported away from the Primitive Sacred Land. They arrived at a forest outside the Primitive Sacred Land. Wan Yuxiong was still feeling the anger of the Primitive Supreme Lord: It seems that you really did kidnap the Primitive Supreme Lord’s woman.

At this moment, her cold and arrogant jade face was filled with anger. She had been forcefully kissed by Chen Xiang, and even Primitive Supreme Lord didn’t dare to kiss her.

Wan Yuxiong was also an old cunning fox. Seeing Rong’er’s expression, he knew that Chen Xiang must have done something.

"Lin Xirong, long time no see, do you still remember me?" Wan Yuxiong laughed.

"You ... You old bastard, who exactly is this bastard? I must kill him! " Lin Xirong shouted in anger.

Chen Xiang did not expect Wan Yuxiong to recognize her, so he quickly asked: "What is the background of this woman? Primitive Supreme Lord is very respectful to her! "

"Her father is the old Primitive Supreme Lord ... Her father went to the passage of the Myriad Gods Abyss, and wanted to enter there. But before he went in, his father gave me the Emperor seal. " Wan Yuxiong said: "Only some people do not believe that I stole the Emperor seal, hmph!"

Wan Yuxiong actually had such things happening within the Primitive Sacred Land. It could be seen that his relationship with the Primitive Supreme Lord was very good.

"So she is the daughter of the Primitive Supreme Lord! If she was not a Primitive Supreme Lord, why did she let that guy be the one to do it? " Chen Xiang walked over and pinched Lin Xirong’s cold and beautiful face. It was extremely smooth, and she couldn’t help but use her hands to touch it.

Lin Xirong couldn’t move at the moment, he could only allow Chen Xiang’s hands to wreak havoc on her face. This made her hate him so much that blood dripped from her heart, and she wanted to bite off Chen Xiang’s body and eat him.

That fellow is called Zhao You, and his father was previously the right-hand man of the Primitive Supreme Lord. Because he was engaged to Lin Xirong and because his strength was not bad, he was bestowed the title of Primitive Supreme Lord, but many people do not recognize him. "

"It’s mainly because there are no Emperor seal!"

Wan Yuxiong chuckled, took out a rock and said: "This thing is a Emperor seal, but no matter how you look at it, it doesn’t look like it!"

"Old bastard, quickly return the Emperor seal to me. That was left by my father." Lin Xirong shouted in anger.

"Little girl, you’re too inexperienced. We were tricked by Zhao You, that bastard. Did he tell you that if he obtained the Emperor seal, he would give you the phoenix feather from his Zhao Clan?" Wan Yuxiong laughed.

"So what if I am, I just want the phoenix feathers of his family. Only with the phoenix feathers, I will be able to fly into the passage of the Myriad Gods Abyss, enter the Divine Wasteland and find my royal father, and then kill this scoundrel who blasphemed against me." As Lin Xirong spoke, he was still happily rubbing her smooth face.

"Chen Xiang, can you promise me one thing?" Seeing how Chen Xiang treated Lin Xirong, Wan Yuxiong could not bear to do so.

"Tell me about it." Chen Xiang finally let Lin Xirong go. Seeing that Chen Xiang finally moved his hand away, Lin Xirong immediately scolded him.

"I have some relationship with her father, don’t make things too difficult for her, definitely don’t make things difficult for her ... "That’s it." Wan Yuxiong said.

"I just kissed her on the mouth. Is that okay?" Chen Xiang laughed, hearing his words, Lin Xirong’s heart was once again set ablaze with anger, she kept cursing Chen Xiang, but she kept cursing him was only a hooligan, a bastard, a bad guy ...

"This... Well, it should be fine! The reason why she did not marry Zhao You was only because Zhao You did not find the Emperor seal. " Wan Yuxiong threw the Emperor seal to Chen Xiang and said: "Let me gift this to you, I don’t know what use it has! I don’t think there’s much use in that, otherwise the old Primitive Supreme Lord wouldn’t have given it to me. "

Lin Xirong laughed coldly: "Only I know how to use Emperor seal, and Emperor seal have intelligence, and only the Emperor’s Mandate can use them! If that Zhao You doesn’t have that kind of life, will you have one? "

This was only a black stone, and it was very irregular. This kind of stone could be seen everywhere, no matter how you looked at it, it wasn’t a Emperor seal!

Chen Xiang took the stone and walked to Lin Xirong’s side. He pinched her chin and revealed a sinister smile: "Little girl, quickly tell me what this Emperor seal is used for ... ... If you don’t say it, I will torture you to death gently. "

"You ... You dare, didn’t that old bastard already tell you? He is close to my royal father, so don’t make things difficult for me! " Lin Xirong suddenly started to worry, if Chen Xiang dared to forcefully kiss her mouth in front of so many people, he must be able to do everything.

"Yes, but I didn’t agree!" Chen Xiang chuckled: "If you don’t cooperate, then don’t blame me for being impolite."

"You ... What are you trying to do! " Lin Xirong saw Chen Xiang taking off his belt.

"I need to pee..." Chen Xiang had just said these three words when she shrieked in pain. Even though she was cold and elegant, she had never been treated like this before.

"Lin Xirong, hurry up and tell him." Wan Yuxiong sighed.

"I said, but you have to promise to let me go." Lin Xirong thought about it and said.

"How can we do that? It wasn’t easy for me to catch a beauty like you, so I couldn’t bear to let you go! Forget it, it’s better that I don’t know the secrets of the Emperor seal. Chen Xiang laughed sinisterly: "You need to be clear, you do not have the qualifications to negotiate with me."

"Bastard!" Lin Xirong cursed in his heart, and said: "I’ll tell you if I tell you, but you won’t be able to play any role with the Emperor seal, even my royal father won’t be able to use the Emperor seal."

Wan Yuxiong frowned: "No wonder he gave me the Emperor seal, it’s useless!"

Lin Xirong gave a light snort: "Only those with Emperor’s Mandate, will be useful ... The black color on the Emperor seal s has become black after being soaked in too much blood. "

Chen Xiang looked carefully, and said: "Seems like it, could it be that it was refined using fresh blood?"Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com