Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

After Chen Xiang dealt with Lin Ting, he strutted on his black lion and rushed forward. As he ran, he changed into Lin Ting’s appearance. Ybdu.

"summoned all these people, not because of the capture of me, but because of some other important matter, what is it?" Chen Xiang learnt it from Lin Ting’s memories.

He rode on his black lion and quickly arrived at the primordial Imperial Palace. In a huge plaza inside the Imperial Palace, there were also many strong warriors from the spirit race.

Chen Xiang came here to greet his subordinates and friends according to Lin Ting’s memories, then he joined the team.

Zhao You flew over from afar, he was wearing a phoenix feather robe, he could fly anywhere he wanted, so when they saw him flying, they couldn’t help but feel envious.

Now, Chen Xiang also somewhat understood why Lin Xirong was so desperate to obtain the phoenix feathered robe. No one could fly here, no matter how strong the force was, they were suppressed by a surge of energy, causing them to be unable to fly in the air. They could only hear the method of jumping, but there was a huge difference in how they flew.

Ladies and gentlemen, we will temporarily stop searching for that outsider. One of our Zhao Clan elders guarding the forbidden area saw a ball of fire suddenly appear. After the ball of fire dispersed, a phoenix appeared. Zhao You said.

"So, the most important thing for you to do now is to catch that phoenix."

was also very surprised that there was actually a phoenix coming out of the Myriad Gods Abyss’s tunnel!

The Myriad Gods Abyss was the passage through which the Divine Wasteland came here, so it was not strange that the Divine Wasteland had Divine Phoenix Phoenix Sect. However, why would they come here?

When Zhao You was speaking earlier, he purposely sent his voice into the Six Realms mirrors to let Lin Xirong inside know.

After Lin Xirong heard it, he scolded inside the Six Realms mirrors: "Zhao You is also a bastard, he actually didn’t think of finding me quickly."

"You bastard, quickly let me out! I want to catch Phoenix too!" Lin Xirong shouted.

"Don’t even think about it. The phoenix is very strong, and it can fly. It’s already good enough that you can see the shadow of the phoenix." Chen Xiang laughed: "However, as long as you become my female slave, I will agree to give you the phoenix feather clothes. But it will have to wait for me to return first, there is a phoenix in my world, moreover, it is very familiar with me."

"Stop boasting. Only a piece of trash like you would know the phoenix?" I don’t believe it! " Lin Xirong thought that it was impossible for Chen Xiang and the divine Phoenix to know each other. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Zhao You then continued, "As long as we can find the phoenix, if I can catch it, I will use the phoenix feathers to make the phoenix feathered clothes as a reward."

With the phoenix feather clothes, they would be able to fly, so everyone here had decided to risk their lives to find that phoenix.

"Alright, let’s start now. The phoenix isn’t in the Primitive Sacred Land and it has already flown out. But don’t worry everyone, we won’t be able to find it. The Phoenix that descended from the Myriad Gods Abyss and rushed out of our forbidden grounds was injured by the power of the forbidden grounds. Zhao You said again: "Everyone, you may leave now!"

With that, everyone rode their mounts and rushed out of Imperial Palace, fighting to be the first to rush out.

"Hurry up and let me out, I’m going to find Phoenix." Lin Xirong shouted. She also wanted the Phoenix feather, which was also why she agreed to be engaged to Zhao You.

"How can Zhao You obtain something like the phoenix?" Chen Xiang snorted, while running, he teleported away from the black lion’s back, and arrived outside Primitive Sacred Land.

Right now, he didn’t have the strength to kill Zhao You, so he definitely could not let Zhao You obtain the Phoenix, otherwise, if Zhao You obtained it, it would be like adding wings to a tiger.

"It’s not easy to find a phoenix either. This place is so big!" Chen Xiang could only teleport around and release countless Vermillion Birds that were as small as mosquitoes at the same time.

Right now, he was only sitting on top of a large tree. He closed his eyes and began to handle the scenes that the million little Vermillion Bird was watching. This was quite exhausting because he still had to use his spatial energy to sense the little Vermillion Bird.

Of course, he was now a Dao Sovereign. This was not a difficult task for him, and he could only slightly nod his head in response.

"Pitiful Rong, are the powers in the forbidden grounds very strong? Being injured by the power inside, and being able to quickly fly out of the forbidden area, what kind of power is this? " Chen Xiang asked, he wanted to confirm the Phoenix’s strength.

"It means that the phoenix is very strong. Coming down from the Myriad Gods Abyss, it would have suffered heavy injuries, and right now, a terrifying power appears in the forbidden grounds. As long as it senses the presence of life, it would begin to attack. Lin Xirong said: "You let me go ... Let me look for Phoenix. I’ll write off the matter between us, okay? "

"I don’t trust you!" Chen Xiang said.

"You must believe me this time, I won’t go back on my words this time. I really want to go find the Phoenix, I really want to leave the Myriad Gods Abyss to find my royal father!" Lin Xirong sighed softly: "My royal father also didn’t think he could leave the Myriad Gods Abyss either. After he left, he never returned, he was my only family. In order to find him, I even decided to sacrifice my own body to get the phoenix feathered robe from Zhao You."

Chen Xiang thought for a while, then took out the Six Realms mirrors and unsealed it, allowing Lin Xirong to come out.

Lin Xirong was very strong, once she was released, she released a very terrifying imposing manner. She held onto the Jade money tightly, and then waved her hand, wanting to beat Chen Xiang.

"Hey, hey, you said to write off this promise. You have to keep your promise, or else the next time you land in my hands, I won’t be polite anymore." Chen Xiang laughed: "How about you make a bet? Once you make a move, will I be able to catch you again?"

Lin Xirong bit her lips tightly, and snorted. In Chen Xiang’s hand was a Emperor seal, she knew how powerful it was, and she was not confident at the moment. Moreover, Chen Xiang had many tricks up his sleeve, she was able to be captivated by him the last time.

"Hmph, at least you have a conscience!"

Lin Xirong gently snorted. Right now, she felt that Chen Xiang was not really that bad, that he had captured her without doing anything out of the ordinary, just touching her face was something insignificant. Of course, she still kept the matter of Chen Xiang forcefully kissing in her heart.

"Eldest Miss, do you know how much suffering I had to endure for an alien to be captured and beaten up like a savage beast? I didn’t do anything that offended your Primitive Sacred Land and was sold as a slave. If it wasn’t for me being able to become stronger in a short period of time, I don’t even know how long I would have been tortured. "

When Chen Xiang talked about this matter, he was still very angry, "Now, you have also experienced this kind of feeling, right?!"

The haughty Lin Xirong had indeed experienced it and felt very uncomfortable. She did not say anything else.

"I’m going to look for Phoenix now. Everything from the past has been written off. The next time you see me, you don’t have to hide from me." After Lin Xirong finished speaking, he jumped off the thick branch and started running on the ground like a bird.

Chen Xiang teleported around again, releasing a large amount of Little Vermillion Birds to a wider area.