Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Gold House Home Home Page | Total Clicklist | Weekly Clicklist | Monthly Clicklist | General Collection Legacy Version | Collect Golden House | Set as First Page Gold Room Chinese, Golden Book House

[ /images/hjw_10.jpg Golden Room Chinese, Golden Room /images/banner.jpg ] [ /images/hjw_15.jpg First Page

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents] /images/hjw_20.jpg ]

The article’s query: Popular keywords: "The Great King of the Daolords is sparing your life in the myth of the era of flying swords". Light blue ocean bright yellow handsome green light elegant red powder aristocratic family white world gray world gold house Chinese

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]

Author’s: Fantasy | Oriental fantasy | Upgrade | Cultivation | Hot blood | Shuang Shuang | Beauty | Queen Palace | Martial God | Elegant | Ambiguous | Pills | Silent Rogue | Arrogant Pill God | More Please remember the name of this site: Golden House Pride World Pill God Chapter 2647 Force of the Emperor Seal

Chen Xiang planned to first find the Phoenix before returning to pick Yuan Feng and the others up. At that time, he would enter the forbidden grounds with them and see if he could return to the Natural Law World.

He had been looking for the phoenix because he didn’t want Zhao You to succeed. If Zhao You was able to capture the phoenix, his strength would increase by leaps and bounds.

After a few days, Chen Xiang released a few million little Vermillion Birds, which were all flying high in the sky. They all flew at a certain distance, covering an extremely wide area, and he believed that he would definitely be able to find the Phoenix.

Chen Xiang was also surprised at the Phoenix’s strength. It was actually not in the vicinity of Primitive Sacred Land.

That phoenix could actually travel so far in such a short period of time.

Chen Xiang then realised something through the Little Vermillion Bird, it was currently dusk, the sky slowly darkened, and a flame suddenly appeared in the sky.

Seeing this flame, Chen Xiang was sure that it was a phoenix fighting. A phoenix was a fire type bird, when fighting it would usually release a strong flame.

"I’ve finally found it!" Chen Xiang controlled the little Vermillion Bird to get closer, in order to see it clearly. This way, he would be even more certain that there really was a phoenix there.

The little Vermillion Bird quickly flew over, and looking down from high up in the sky, Chen Xiang saw the Phoenix as expected.

Phoenix’s body was currently not very big as she continuously flapped her wings and released waves after waves of flaming tornados. Those Primitive Emperor Race s and spirit race clansmen who wanted to get close to her were blown away by the flaming tornado and those who did not have time to defend were burnt to ashes by the advancing flame energy.

Chen Xiang immediately teleported over. He could still impersonate a primitive being at this moment, so no one noticed him when he blended into the crowd.

What he did not expect was that he actually saw Lin Xirong, who was fighting shoulder to shoulder with Phoenix!

"This woman is quite strong, to be able to fight Zhao You to a standstill." Chen Xiang was shocked. He felt that releasing Lin Xirong last time was really too dangerous, and if Lin Xirong really wanted to attack him, he didn’t know if he could withstand it.

Lin Xirong was fighting with Zhao You, making it impossible for Zhao You to deal with the Phoenix. Although the Phoenix was injured, its power was frightening, capable of fighting against a group of people alone.

"What’s going on? Why was the aura of the phoenix so familiar? Don’t tell me it’s from Snowflake? " The last time he was in the Spirit Desolate Land, he encountered Xue Ying who had received the legacy of the Ancient Phoenix. At that time, Xue Ying had already become an extremely powerful Phoenix.

"These Heaven’s Path Divine Beasts are improving too quickly!" Chen Xiang sighed in his heart, and immediately transmitted to Xue Ying: "Xue Ying, is that you?"

"It’s me... Chen Xiang, you are really here, we are all missing you. " Xue Ying immediately responded.

"It’s really you again! What are you doing here? How are you doing? Is he injured? " Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"Isn’t it because you’ve been missing for dozens of years? We were very worried and then Lianfei calculated that you were here. After we asked the Great Manor Lord, he said that the birds and heavenly beasts are the only way down." Xue Ying said, "I’m injured now, but you don’t have to worry about me."

Unexpectedly, Natural Law World had been here for dozens of years. Chen Xiang sighed, and this wasted ten more years of his time, but since Xue Ying was here, it meant that Natural Law World’s situation wasn’t too bad.

"Alright, I’ll prepare to ambush that bastard, then you can go back to your human form and be with that woman. I’ll bring you guys to escape together." Chen Xiang said.

"Mm, I understand. Tell me when you attack." Xue Ying said.

Chen Xiang was looking for a chance, and at the same time, he used up a lot of energy, and gradually gained the upper hand.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" Lin Xirong was suddenly stabbed with a sword, and then sent flying by Zhao You’s palm.

"Lin Xirong, you slut, you actually want to snatch the Phoenix from me? Who do you think you are if your father is not here? If it were not for Emperor seal s, I would definitely kill ... "

"Xueying, I’m going to take action!" Chen Xiang immediately sent a sound transmission to Xue Ying, and then teleported behind Zhao You, summoning his Emperor seal, he imprinted it onto Zhao You!

A dragon’s roar came surging forward. Golden light exploded from the surface of the seal. A tiny golden dragon flew out. Although it was small in size, it was still imposing and roared non-stop.

"God ..." This was the Emperor seal, although this was the first time he had seen it, but he had heard of its power before in the books.

Although the Emperor seal was able to release a lot of power, but Zhao You was indeed someone who was able to inherit the position of Primitive Supreme Lord, and was actually able to resist the mighty Emperor Divine Dragon Qi. His hands, were currently pushing the golden ball of air, which had a dragon head roaring non-stop.

Chen Xiang took out the Nine-Soaring Sky Divine Sword and teleported behind Zhao You. At the same time, he released the sealing formations inside the six divine mirrors and a sealing power shot out from the mirrors. Zhao You immediately felt like he couldn’t move and his strength was gradually weakening as well.

"It’s you!" Zhao You knew it was Chen Xiang, and shouted in alarm and fury.

"It’s me, I’m here to send you on your way!"

With a wave of Chen Xiang’s Nine Clouds Divine Sword, Zhao You’s head was separated from his body, and his head was kept inside the World Creation Furnace. His body was also enveloped by the Emperor seal’s power, turning into pieces.

"So powerful!" After Chen Xiang killed Zhao You, he suddenly felt more than ten powerful auras surging over, causing him to feel a pressure that felt like the sky had fallen on him.

He guessed that these must be those old fellows of the Primitive Emperor Race, powerhouses of the same generation as Lin Xirong’s father!

"Let’s go!" Chen Xiang had used a little Vermillion Bird to follow Xue Ying and the others just now, so he could teleport over with that little Vermillion Bird.

Xue Ying and Lin Xirong were both injured, but the situation was not too bad.

"Hurry up, the Primitive Emperor Race has brought over a dozen strong old fogeys ..." Just as Lin Xirong finished speaking, Chen Xiang appeared in front of them.

"Scoundrel, it’s you!" When Lin Xirong saw Chen Xiang, his face turned white. "Run, this bastard is very bad!"

When Xue Ying heard it, she giggled and rolled her eyes at Chen Xiang. "You always like to bully girls."

Lin Xirong was startled, from Xue Ying’s words, it was obvious that she knew Chen Xiang, and their relationship was very good.

"Let’s go!" Chen Xiang laughed helplessly, grabbed Xue Ying and Lin Xirong and teleported far away from Primitive Sacred Land with just a few steps. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Chen Xiang brought the two girls to a beautiful place. Lin Xirong had been stabbed once, and his body still had Zhao You’s power wreaking havoc.

Xue Ying looked at Lin Xirong’s injuries and frowned: "Can you force yourself to come out? That power is too weird, I can’t force it out. "

"This is the power unique to that bastard, Zhao You. It’s extremely difficult to heal him now that he’s injured." Lin Xirong cursed.

Xue Ying looked at Chen Xiang who was sitting by the side of the river and shouted: "Scoundrel, come look at her injuries!"

Chen Xiang walked over, pinched her face, and laughed: "Xue Ying, your master is my woman, you calling me that is not respecting your elders."

Xue Ying was wearing a white dress. Her long hair hung down to her chest. She was elegant and elegant, and her body emitted a faint aura of power. Unknowingly, she gave off a noble and powerful feeling.

Even Lin Xirong did not dare to look straight at Xue Ying, he did not expect Chen Xiang to directly pinch his face!

"Mad Demon Kneeling Face!" Lin Xirong looked at Chen Xiang fiercely, and snorted lightly.

Please remember your home domain name: Golden House

Shortcut keys: Previous Chapter | Next Chapter (" "or" tP") Next Chapter (" → "or" tN") Back button: Back to the page Previous Chapter | Arrogant Pill God Catalog | Next Chapter Mobile (Simplified) Mobile Phone Page Version (Traditional)

Browse Records [ /images/hjw_35.jpg ]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Letter Index: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | J | K | L | M | N | P | Q | R | S | T | W | X | Y | Z

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Contact us: [email protected] Page Execution Time: 0.0020012