Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

When Chen Xiang saw that horse, he immediately used the Dao heart Eye to look. He discovered that this horse was not simple, there was an extremely strong divine golden blood flowing in its body, this was a horse that had cultivated the Dao god gold body.

"What is the Primordial Holy Horse?" Chen Xiang asked quickly.

"Legend has it that it’s the mount of the guardian god of our tribe. I always thought it was a legend, but I didn’t expect it to be true. The moment this horse appears, it means that something big is about to happen." said. She had also heard Chen Xiang talk about the Primitive Sacred Land before, so she thought that their legendary guardian was related to the Primitive Sacred Land.

But from the looks of it, their Guardian God had nothing to do with the Primitive Sacred Land.

"Now, only the Primal Holy Horse came. Where is your guardian god?" Chen Xiang looked around: "What else did the legends say?"

This Primitive Land had always been restricted and strong. Because of his power, he had been annihilated a few times.

Now that the horse had appeared here, Chen Xiang was extremely worried. If that destructive force suddenly descended, he did not know if he would be able to escape.

"Legend has it that every time a primitive holy horse appears, it will go to each tribe. It’s like letting all the tribes know that the guardian deity only appears after they’ve made preparations." Just as Ji Yuelan finished speaking, a pair of snow white wings suddenly appeared on the Primal Holy Horse.

He then flapped his wings and flew away in the blink of an eye. According to what Ji Yuelan had said just now, the Primordial Holy Horse had gone to another tribe.

"It can actually fly."

Chen Xiang was shocked. He thought that only the Heavenly beast s of birds could fly inside, he did not expect that the horse could do the same. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

The sudden appearance of the Primordial Holy Horse made the entire Ji Tribe extremely nervous, as it meant that a great calamity was about to befall upon them.

"Chen Xiang, let’s not leave for the time being, okay?" Ji Yuelan said: "We’ll talk about it after the Guardian God arrives, is that alright?"

Chen Xiang also wanted to see the Guardian God. He nodded: "Okay, I’ll go to the Jiang Clan first."

Yuan Feng and Wan Yuxiong were both in the Jiang Clan, so they might know more.

Ji Yuelan nodded his head, and then teleported to the Jiang Clan.

Yuan Feng had his own small mountain here, and Chen Xiang was brought to the entrance of a mountain cave.

Chen Xiang immediately teleported in, and saw that there were three people inside, other than Yuan Feng and Wan Yuxiong, Yuan Xin was also inside.

"Big Brother Yuan Xin, I’ve finally met you." When Yuan Xin was still a Earth’s Core Divine Spirit, she took care of Huo Lin, so Chen Xiang had a lot of respect for him.

Yuan Xin grinned and immediately let Chen Xiang take a seat.

Wan Yuxiong, Yuan Xin, Yuan Feng and the rest were chatting quite a bit. This was probably the reason why they had come into contact with the Natural Law Divine Lord before.

"Chen Xiang, what did you gain from Primitive Sacred Land?" Wan Yuxiong said.

Chen Xiang reaped quite a lot of benefits from his stay in Primitive Sacred Land, so he only chuckled and didn’t say anything.

"By the way, do you know about the Primordial Holy Horse?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course I know. That horse just came here, I didn’t expect the Transcendents to have a guardian god." Yuan Xin said.

"That horse is very strong. Even I can’t compare to that Dao god gold body." Wan Yuxiong exclaimed: "This is only the mount of that Guardian God, but it’s already that strong. I wonder just how strong that Guardian God is."

"I thought you guys knew about that guardian angel. I was preparing to return from Myriad Gods Abyss, do you want to go back with me?" Chen Xiang asked.

Hearing Chen Xiang’s words, Wan Yuxiong shook his head, he felt that Chen Xiang would not be able to do it, but Yuan Xin and Yuan Feng were looking forward to it, they knew that Chen Xiang’s ability was not weak, so they thought that Chen Xiang would be able to do it.

"There’s a problem with the Primitive Land now, otherwise the guardian god would not have appeared so suddenly. There are a lot of problems in the forbidden grounds of the Primitive Sacred Land, if you go in now, you will undoubtedly be seeking your own death." Wan Yuxiong shook his head.

"Senior, a friend of mine just came down from Myriad Gods Abyss to find me. She is a phoenix." Chen Xiang said: "She said that we can go back from there."

"Really? Then let’s go now." Yuan Feng said. He did not want to continue staying here, because being unable to fly made him feel extremely uncomfortable.

Wan Yuxiong said in shock: "Oh, the phoenix... Really, somewhere. "

"She is resting in my Divine Sense Sea World. However, she did suffer some injuries when she came down, so the situation in the forbidden area is very bad. I plan to go investigate first." Chen Xiang said.

There was a knock on the door.

"Elder, we are going to see the guardian god. Are you coming with us?" The chief of the Jiang clan knocked on the door.

"We’re coming now." Yuan Feng said. They were all very curious about the Guardian God so they naturally went to take a look.

The sky was already bright. Chen Xiang and the others followed the people of the Jiang Clan and left the mountain.

Under the lead of the Jiang Clan’s clan leader, they arrived at an open grassland. There, several other tribes had already gathered.

Chen Xiang had already seen Ji Tribe and waved back.

"Strange, why hasn’t the Zhou tribe come?" Chen Xiang looked around, the very arrogant Zhou Clan was not there.

"The Zhou tribe has committed many evil deeds. They should be removed from the list." The Jiang Clan Head said.

Chen Xiang counted a total of fifteen tribes that had almost a hundred thousand people, which was not a small number.

"The Guardian God is here." A person suddenly shouted.

A golden light streaked across the sky, the ancient sacred horse immediately flew over, and a white bearded old man appeared on the ancient sacred horse.

Everyone immediately bowed, bowing towards the guardian deity.

"What a powerful strength." Wan Yuxiong said in a low voice: "Amongst the Divine Wasteland, this can be considered to be the stronger one, why would they appear in this Primitive Land."

Yuan Feng and Yuan Xin were not weak, so when they felt the aura of the Guardian God, they were as shocked as Wan Yuxiong was.

The old man slowly descended on the ancient sacred horse. He smiled to everyone and said, "Please come with me."

The Guardian God rode on the ancient sacred horse and slowly walked in front. Everyone followed him closely. After walking for a while, they suddenly disappeared from the plains.

However, Chen Xiang, Yuan Feng, Yuan Xin and Wan Yuxiong were still here.

"What’s going on?" Chen Xiang looked around, just now he had only sensed an extremely weak power in space, all of them suddenly disappeared.

"None of you are from the Primitive Land, so you don’t need to enter that place to seek shelter." The guardian god suddenly appeared on his sacred horse, smiled and said, "You are preparing to return to your original world, right?"