Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Xue Ying kept requesting to come out because she knew that Chen Xiang was already in Myriad Gods Abyss.

Chen Xiang had no choice but to release Xue Ying.

He saw that Xue Ying’s entire body was emitting a golden light, as he was about to turn into a huge phoenix.

"Wait!" Chen Xiang immediately shouted.

"We have to hurry. We can’t drag it out any longer." Xue Ying also knew that he had to leave the Primitive Land quickly or else he would be affected by the energy.

"Xue Ying, can you release a pair of wings and fly up while in human form?" Chen Xiang asked.

Xue Ying frowned, then said: "I’ll try!"

She did not turn into a phoenix, but instead released a pair of gigantic and beautiful phoenix wings from her back. She flapped her wings, and was able to withstand the immense pressure as she flew up.

Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors and said, "Sit on this piece of stone and fly up, then fly up."

Xue Ying and Chen Xiang sat on the Six Realms mirrors s, while the Six Realms mirrors released a protective shield around them. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"I wonder if we can fly smoothly." Xue Ying was also unsure, but after she flapped her wings, she could slowly fly.

In order to increase her speed, she had allowed her wings to grow bigger. Right now, she was only using them outside the Six Realms mirrors’s protective shield.

Her body was the one that was directly harmed the most, and right now her body was being protected by the Six Realms mirrors, she was completely fine.

Just like this, Xue Ying fluttered his enormous phoenix wings, and flew into the enormous black vortex with Chen Xiang.

The purple colored lightning and tyrannical flame energy swirled around the vortex, but it had no effect on Xue Ying.

This caused Chen Xiang to be extremely shocked. Xue Ying’s defensive power was strong, and even he did not dare to face such an injury. Her wings were continuously attacked, but it did not affect her flying speed at all.

"If we go up directly, will we be able to reach the Divine Wasteland?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Yes, but my current strength is not enough. When we’re halfway there, we will rush out and return to the Natural Law World." Xue Ying smiled sweetly at Chen Xiang. "I thought that I would have to go through a lot of trouble when I went back, but I didn’t expect it to be so easy.

"Of course!" Seeing Xue Ying’s sweet smile, Chen Xiang could not help but kiss her beautiful lips.

Halfway through the flight, Xue Ying’s expression became serious: "Prepare to rush out from here!"

After she said that, she flew to the lightning wall at the side of the whirlpool. After she rushed over, Chen Xiang felt that they were falling.

"What is this place?" Heavenly Evil World? " Chen Xiang was shocked, he immediately absorbed a bit of the Qi, and as expected, he extracted a bit of Evil Spirit Force from it, and they entered the Heavenly Evil World.

And when they came in, they made a lot of noise. Such strong spatial fluctuations must have alarmed the evil spirits inside.

"Xue Ying, are you alright?" Chen Xiang saw Xue Ying’s pale face and asked anxiously.

"I’m fine. I was injured when I came in, so I’ll be able to recover soon." Xue Ying shook his head, and revealed a smile: "It’s good that I can bring you back."

Chen Xiang felt a few waves of evil aura approaching and he immediately threw out the three golden boxes.

"Hurry up and come out. There’s a fight going on." Chen Xiang shouted.

Yuan Feng and Yuan Xin were not weak, and with Wan Yuxiong, who came from the Divine Wasteland, it would be easy for them to deal with the strong Evil Demons here.

"Kid, go back to the Natural Law World first. We’ll play here first." Yuan Feng shouted. With Wan Yuxiong as his new little buddy, he was completely confident, and wished that he could drag the Evil God Mountain out with him.

Xue Ying was severely injured, and Chen Xiang was in a hurry to bring her out of Heavenly Evil World. He rode on the Six Realms mirrors and used the power of space to quickly teleport away.

After the Heavenly Evil World and the Natural Law Divine Realm merged together, the space became even more sturdy and the entire world became even more vast. Chen Xiang had teleported for less than half a day and yet, he still hadn’t teleported to the Hundreds of Flowers Village. Chen Xiang could not help but scold, but he had already reached a place without Evil Spirit, where the scenery was beautiful.

"Great Landlord said that Natural Law World is constantly expanding, and every day it is growing bigger. Furthermore, I have now swallowed all of Sacred Wasteland, that’s why it is so big." Xue Ying’s face regained some color, allowing him to feel more at ease.

"Chen Xiang, there is a fire attribute mountain nearby. Quickly, bring me there." Xue Ying pointed in a direction.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang rode on his Six Realms mirrors and quickly reached the mountain.

The trees on this mountain were all red leaves, brimming with a fire attribute aura.

"This mountain must have obtained a lucky chance. That’s why I was able to cultivate the Fire Laws. The rocks on this mountain contain a rich amount of fire dao energy. If I were to dig a cave here, I would be able to heal my wounds a bit faster." Xue Ying was a phoenix that could be reborn from the fire.

Chen Xiang immediately dug a cave and carved a stone room inside.

Xue Ying sat inside, and then closed her eyes. In just a moment, she was enveloped by a large blaze that burned her.

Chen Xiang watched from the side. Xue Ying was currently very hot, but he did not sense any heat at all.

"Heavenly beast are indeed different. These talents are all natural." Chen Xiang sighed to himself. Xue Ying was not only recovering from his injuries, he was also cultivating.

After half a day, the flames on Xue Ying’s body gradually disappeared, and at this moment, her body was completely white, her body was shining with a sacred light, her clothes had already been burnt to ashes, revealing her beautiful jade-like body, causing Chen Xiang to secretly take a deep breath ...

"Little Scoundrel, what are you looking at!" Xue Ying blushed and pouted. With a flick of her finger, she shot a ball of flame at Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang’s entire body was set on fire, all his clothes were burnt!

"You’re really smart to take off my clothes like this!" Chen Xiang laughed.

"Where did I get that... I just wanted to... " She was indeed only trying to tease Chen Xiang with her flames. She did not expect Chen Xiang to not dodge but instead let her clothes be burnt by the flames.

While Xue Ying was speaking, Chen Xiang had already teleported in front of her, hugged her, and kissed her.

The bashful Xue Ying released a ball of flame, wrapping Chen Xiang and her inside it. Then, the two of them started to become intimate.

After he was done, although Xue Ying’s face was red from embarrassment, she was elated from the bottom of her heart.

"Chen Xiang, aren’t you letting Yue Lan and Sha Rong go outside? They have never seen this world before." Xue Ying said.