Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Right now, Chen Xiang did not know if this place was safe, so he did not dare let Ji Yuelan out.

"Let’s talk about it after we return to the Heavenly Dragon City!" Chen Xiang replied: "I don’t know what’s going on either."

Xue Ying put on his clothes and nodded: "I really want to go back quickly. Right now, I am the stronger one among the Hundreds of Flowers Village!"

"Heh heh, this Little Naughty Dragon must be in a bad mood!" Chen Xiang laughed.

"Yes, that’s why she has been in seclusion all these years. It’s very rare!" Xue Ying laughed.

It was rare that she would go into seclusion to cultivate. It could be seen how much she didn’t want to fall behind Xue Ying.

... ....

After teleporting for less than half a day, Chen Xiang finally returned to the Heavenly Dragon City. The changes in the Heavenly Dragon City were huge, and there were a large circle of city walls on the outside.

The Hundreds of Flowers Village was located in an area in the outer circle, and the defenses there were very strong as well. Chen Xiang could feel the terrifying barrier just by standing in the air.

"Xue Yi, bring Yue Lan and Ji Rong to the Hundreds of Flowers Village first. I’ll go look for Senior Jiu Xiao first." Chen Xiang said. He still had many small dragons in the You Yao Mountain Villa that he had to give to the dragon race to raise. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"Alright!" Xue Ying nodded.

Ji Yuelan and Lin Xirong came from the You Yao Mountain Villa, and entered this new world. They looked around curiously, especially when they saw the towering city walls.

When they were in the You Yao Mountain Villa, Yang Xiangyin and Chu Hongqing had told them many things about this place. This could also allow them to quickly integrate into the world.

"Yue Lan, you will be safe in Hundreds of Flowers Village. Don’t worry." Chen Xiang smiled at Ji Yuelan and caressed her dark face.

"En, I heard from Xiang Yin and the rest, you don’t have to worry about me!" I still need to learn a lot of things to go to Hundreds of Flowers Village. I look forward to it. " Ji Yuelan smiled lightly.

Lin Xirong also couldn’t wait. She really wanted to fly ...

Xue Ying brought the two of them and flew to the Hundreds of Flowers Village, while Chen Xiang headed to the inner region, the core region of the Heavenly Dragon City.

Long Jiuxiao was very happy when he found out that Chen Xiang had returned. He was laughing non-stop in the grand hall of the Nine Clouds Dragon Manor.

"Senior Jiu Xiao, I’ve brought these brats back from Heavenly Evil World’s side." Chen Xiang asked Long Run and the other small dragons to come out.

Long Jiuxiao was able to tell that these were all small dragons with a single glance, and he was pleasantly surprised by Long Run’s ability to see through Long Run’s potential.

"No problem, I will arrange them right now. I will train them well in the future." Long Jiuxiao rubbed the children’s heads, then called for an old man to bring the little dragons away.

"It seems like the situation here wasn’t as bad as I thought when I left." On the way here, Chen Xiang saw that this city was extremely prosperous.

"That’s only because we have enough power. Evil God Mountain and the rest of the Heaven Wasteland Aristocratic Family wouldn’t dare to come, go take a look at the other cities ... Many are ruined. " Long Jiuxiao sighed: "Of course, that was because the two worlds were suddenly opened dozens of years ago, and the demons that came over at that time had clashed with us, and we had to expend a lot of energy to suppress them."

The three great native bank s were well-prepared, and had joined forces with Long Jiuxiao and the forces in the Spirit Wasteland, which was why they were able to suppress the evil forces of the Heavenly Evil World.

"Although the current situation is stable, there will occasionally be some small conflicts. For example, if the evil spirits suddenly lose control, they will go around killing and plundering ... "So many people don’t dare to leave the city right now, because if they meet a demon in the wilderness, they will most likely be attacked."

Chen Xiang said: "Senior, how is your cooperation with Great Landlord going? Is he okay? I want to see him later. "

"Not bad, this guy is very strong. He has suppressed the group of Evil Gods several times." Long Jiuxiao laughed: "He’s also worried about you, there were a few times where he really wanted to look for you himself, but in the end, he was stopped by that Little Poison Woman."

Du Xiaoling was also inside the Hundreds of Flowers Village at the moment, and it was a very important higher ups there. Xue Ying had told her about this, and that she would come down, it was also Du Xiaoling’s suggestion.

After that, Long Jiuxiao chatted with Chen Xiang for a while and told him that the Heavenly Dragon City had improved a lot over the past few years. There were many people whose strength was improving especially quickly, and this was mainly thanks to the Hundreds of Flowers Village.

On the other hand, Chen Xiang knew that these girls had comprehended a method from the Heavenly Alchemy, called Heart Connecting Refinement, which could let multiple girls combine into one, and then work together to refine a set of extremely difficult pills!

Chen Xiang had heard Xue Ying say before that these women could use [Heart’s Connecting Refinement], being able to get seven or eight Crash s, was already considered strong.

Just as Chen Xiang and Long Jiuxiao were chatting, Huang Jintian suddenly walked in.

"Heh, brat, you’ve returned. You look like you’re blushing, and with a glance, you can tell that you’ve been through a lot of things." Huang Jintian laughed. He was truly worthy of his clever plans, and he was right.

"Old Yellow, is something the matter?" Long Jiuxiao asked.

"Yes, yes, there is. Heavenly Evil World and the others are here again. They are having a good time outside the city. Xiao Dao and the others’ hands are itchy too. They have already started working with them." Huang Jintian said: "Little demon, and those wild girls of yours, I think they are going to attack too."

"What’s going on? Heavenly Evil World’s forces frequently come to attack the city? " Chen Xiang asked.

"That’s not it either. They’re just making trouble for nothing. All they say is that they want to negotiate with us, but we don’t believe their nonsense!" Huang Jintian said.

"Let’s go out and take a look!" Long Jiuxiao said.

Chen Xiang and Long Jiuxiao arrived at the top of the city gates of the outer city and saw that there were a lot of people gathered on the empty field in front of the city gates.

"That brat Huo Lin is also here!" Chen Xiang laughed. Huo Lin’s personality was definitely very compatible with Yun Xiaodao and the others.

Yun Xiaodao suddenly shouted: "Old Zhu, the opportunity just now was enough to cripple his cultivation. It’s such a waste, what a pity!"

"Although they are evil, I am a righteous person and have never used such underhanded methods!" Zhu Rong said righteously as he hit her.

"What nonsense are you saying!?" It’s fine if you are pretending in front of these little girls, but what are you pretending in front of these evil spirits? " Yun Xiaodao laughed.

After all, he was an old friend of Chen Xiang’s. Furthermore, he had always been very hardworking, and had received a lot of pills. At this moment, Chen Xiang could not tell what cultivation level he had, but from the strength he was at the tenth level of the Dao Sect.