Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

After Chen Xiang used the Emperor seal to eliminate those who came to cause trouble, Leng Youlan ran over excitedly to tell Xue Xianxian about them.

So when Chen Xiang took out the Emperor seal, Xue Xianxian and the others immediately walked over.

"Is it this little seal? It can release such a powerful force and easily kill so many experts." Liu Meng’er received it and looked at it carefully.

She looked at it for a while as if she could not see anything, then passed it to Xue Xianxian.

Dongfang Xinyue and Dongfang Jing came closer to observe Little Seal’s exterior, but did not discover any Spirit grain, in the end they could only use their consciousness to observe the inside. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Chen Xiang then carried Xu Youqing and sat on a chair, allowing her to sit on his lap while teasing her.

"Little Scoundrel." Xu Youqing felt that Chen Xiang’s hand was naughtily reaching over, so he smilingly slapped it away and then jumped down from the bed and ran over to Liu Meng’er’s side.

Liu Meng’er pouted at Chen Xiang and then walked over to pinch Chen Xiang’s ears. Chen Xiang held her in his arms, feeling around and feeling that she had eaten a lot of tofu.

"There’s something." Xue Xianxian suddenly shouted: "Elder Sister Meng’er, come take a look!"

Liu Meng’er hurried over, only to see Xue Xianxian’s finger condensing a golden dewdrop, which dripped onto the Emperor seal.

"What is this, is it blood?" Chen Xiang was shocked, the blood looked extremely similar to the golden blood of the god.

"Of course not, this is a special kind of energy ... This seal requires an ability to activate ... Even if I told you, you wouldn’t understand. Xue Xianxian said, after that she condensed a few more golden dewdrops, and placed them on top of the Emperor seal.

Chen Xiang watched carefully from the side, only to see a faint light leaking out of the Emperor seal, and slowly, the entire Emperor seal was enveloped by this light.

The golden glow grew brighter and brighter, becoming denser and denser, causing Xue Xianxian’s jade hands to seem as if they were holding a gold-shiny jewel.

After a moment, the golden light outside the Emperor seal disappeared, and the Emperor seal became transparent like a crystal.

"What’s going on?" Chen Xiang saw that there was a golden pearl in the middle of the transparent Emperor seal.

"What is that bead?" Dongfang Jing frowned and asked: "There is such a frightening power."

"I don’t know. It looks like something that’s been sealed inside ... The outer layer of the crystal is also very profound. Although there is a very strong thing sealed inside, it can control that thing very well and let it release a very strong power. " Liu Meng’er said.

"It seems like we need to take a closer look and see if we can get a wisp of divine soul to infiltrate inside." Xue Xianxian said.

"I’ll go with you and have a look. Two wisps of divine soul can help each other." Liu Meng’er said.

Xue Xianxian nodded, then they sat down and placed the Emperor seal on the table. Her jade-like fingers lightly touched the Emperor seal, closed her eyes, and released a wisp of divine soul to probe inside.

"Jing Jing, stay here and look at Xianxian and Elder Sister Meng’er ..." Chen Xiang snickered, then pulled Dongfang Xinyue and Xu Youqing along as they teleported into the room.

Dongfang Jing muttered coquettishly, "Big Brother Scoundrel ..." Of course she knew what Chen Xiang was doing, and her face couldn’t help but turn red.

Xu Youqing and Dongfang Xinyue were brought into the room, and they lightly punched Chen Xiang, but their clothes had unwittingly fallen off, and started to turn the tables with Chen Xiang ...

... ....

When Liu Meng’er and Xue Xianxian woke up, they both shook their heads.

"Jingjing, where are your brother and your aunt?" Liu Meng’er had just finished asking this question, when she thought of something and scoffed at him.

"This little scoundrel is really something. Come, let’s go teach him a good lesson." Xue Xianxian let out a charming snort, and walked into the room while pulling Liu Meng’er along with her ...

Dongfang Jing had kissed her before, and even seen her body before. Although he had accepted her as his recognized sister, she actually liked Chen Xiang a lot.

She was at a loss for a moment, bit her lips, and walked out of the small villa to look for Leng Youlan and Mu Qianxiang.

"Quiet." Leng Youlan and Mu Qianxiang were discussing about battle skills in the same courtyard when Dongfang Jing suddenly walked in.

"Right, have you seen your brother yet?" Mu Qianxiang asked.

"I see it, this guy is currently with... I’m sleeping on a bed with Elder Sister Meng’er and the others. " Dongfang Jing stuck out his tongue.

Hearing that, Leng Youlan snorted: "Damn it, he helped us little sisters to no avail."

Mu Qianxiang laughed: "Then what about it, why don’t the three of us ... take him down? "Done."

"Alright, let’s do it. Jing Jing, do you dare?"

Leng Youlan said, she did not hide her feelings for Chen Xiang, at that time, Chen Xiang had also kissed her a few times, but back then she did not understand, now that she knew, she kept it in her heart.

"Do you really want to do this?" Dongfang Jing said in a low voice.

"We are not his blood related sister. When this scoundrel took us in as his recognized sister, he was already uneasy and kind, bullying us for being simple." Leng Youlan said.

"Okay, second sister, you plan." Dongfang Jing’s face was flushed, but Leng Youlan and Mu Qianxiang didn’t look anything like before.

... ....

Chen Xiang did not know when he would return to the Divine Wasteland, so he planned to warm and nurture his beloved woman before he left.

After an entire night, Chen Xiang was already satisfied. He hugged Xue Xianxian in one hand and the Emperor seal in the other, as he looked at the golden pearl inside.

"Just what is this? Could it be a pill?" Chen Xiang frowned.

"You’ll know once you use your divine soul to look inside. In short, we ... We can’t say for sure, but our divine soul seeped in, and we didn’t discover anything. " Liu Meng’er said.

Xu Youqing received it and said, "I will use my curse power to see."

After a moment, Xu Youqing’s face revealed a look of confusion.

"This seems to be a pill, but there are a lot of strange powers on top of this pill, including the power of the curse. Anyway, the thing inside is sealed, so there’s no mistake about it." Xu Youqing returned the Emperor seal back to Chen Xiang.

"Looks like I have to test it myself." Chen Xiang said. He kept the Emperor seal and planned to find a quiet place to try it himself.

Dong dong dong. Suddenly, someone knocked heavily on the door.

"Are you guys done yet?" It was Leng Youlan’s voice. "Brother, I have something to talk to you about."

Chen Xiang hastily put on his clothes, and then teleported to the hall. Looking at Leng Youlan, he smiled: "You Lan, what’s the matter?"

"It’s been a long time since our little sisters have gathered with you. Qianxiang has made a lot of delicious food, let’s hurry up and go." Leng Youlan pulled Chen Xiang and ran towards their house.

Chen Xiang was naturally very willing to be with his few pretty and cute little sisters. He felt that it was true as well, as he hadn’t played around with them much these past few years.