Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The moment Chen Xiang heard the voice, he felt a strong suction force from the divine soul. In a flash, he arrived in a world surrounded by golden light.

And in this world, he saw a huge green dragon spiralling!

"Azure Dragon!" Chen Xiang could not help but shout out in alarm. He was not unfamiliar with the Azure Dragon, but the Azure Dragon in front of him was not something he was familiar with. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Inside the Heavenly Dragon City, there was an Azure Dragon. He had seen it before and was very familiar with it.

"Not bad, looks like you’ve already seen the Azure Dragon before." His voice was loud, clear and full of dignity, greatly different from the Heavenly Dragon City’s Azure Dragon.

"Senior ... Why are there so many green dragons? One of them is alive, the other. has already turned into a set of divine soul, fusing with my second Divine Sense Sea, using it as its own existence. "

As long as it was a Four-sided Divine Beast, there would be no ill intentions. Chen Xiang had always been on good terms with these Divine Beasts.

"This is the Natural Law Principles, we are all Heavenly beast, as long as Natural Law Principles exists in this world, there will be us Heavenly beast!" As the green dragon spoke, his massive body suddenly flashed with a green light, before turning into a burly, middle-aged man dressed in green.

It was just as Liu Meng’er and the others had guessed, there was indeed something sealed inside the Emperor seal!

"Of course, the other worlds’ green dragons are all created based on my model. It can be said that they are all my replicas! My power has already been integrated into the Natural Law Principles, so as long as a new world is born, Heavenly beast will naturally be born. " The green dragon said.

Chen Xiang had already thought of something. This Emperor seal was obtained from the Primitive Land, there was a high possibility that this green dragon was the most primitive one!

"Senior, you are a green dragon?" Chen Xiang asked.

"That’s right!"

"Then... Is it sealed? " Chen Xiang asked again.

"Yes sir!"

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" Chen Xiang was shocked, such a strong being was sealed, "Who sealed him?"

"Myself!" The Azure Dragon’s words stunned Chen Xiang.

He couldn’t understand why he would seal himself like this.

Seeing Chen Xiang’s astonished expression, the Azure Dragon laughed: "You must be very surprised!"

Chen Xiang hurriedly nodded.

"The Heavenly Dao is ruthless ..." In the future, you will understand. In short, you are my new master now, so you have to use me well. " The green dragon patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder, "I hope you can do more than I do!"

"Senior, can you tell me more about Divine Wasteland?" Chen Xiang asked.

"You haven’t gone to Divine Wasteland yet?" Even though the Azure Dragon was inside, he didn’t know what was going on outside and was completely isolated from the outside world.

Chen Xiang shook his head: "I’m still in Natural Law Divine Realm, I was able to pick you up from there!"

The green dragon listened and nodded.

"In the Divine Wasteland, there are three horizons, the strongest is the Heavenly Dao, the Heavenly Dao is the three thousand worlds, and the world you live in is also only one of the three thousand worlds!"

"The second strongest is the way of the sword. Although the way of the sword does not control any world, the way of the sword is spread throughout every world, mainly promoting the way of the sword, so the way of the sword is very strong in the Divine Wasteland. As long as there is someone in the three thousand worlds who cultivates the way of the sword, then the power of the way of the sword in the Divine Wasteland will be even stronger."

"The third path is the weakest, which is also the Primordial Dao. It governs a mystical region, which is the Primitive Land, which is to say, protects the most primitive region. There are only a few people in the Original Tao, but all of them are very strong, not even the Heavenly Dao or the Sword Dao dare to contend against them."

Chen Xiang suddenly thought of the "Guardian God" he had met in Primitive Land. It was obvious that he was one of the members of the Original Tao.

"Then Senior, what is your path?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I belonged to the Original Tao, and joined the Heavenly Dao later on. That was my biggest mistake, so I sealed myself in order to repent." The Azure Dragon sighed helplessly.

"Why did you make the wrong decision to join the Heaven’s Path?" Chen Xiang did not understand.

"It’s not that the Heavenly Dao is bad, it’s just that as someone in charge of the Natural Law World, he sometimes faces too many helpless decisions. In order to maintain the stability of a world, you sometimes have to kill trillions of lives or watch trillions of lives die tragically without being able to save them."

"Of course, this is better! Some, in order to obtain power, want to kill one another, and in the end, enter evil. "

The words of the green dragon caused Chen Xiang to sink into deep thought. Later on, he recalled that the current Natural Law Divine Lord had obviously fallen victim to evil, but of course, he was not clear about this.

"If you only enter the Divine Wasteland and do not plan to join the Dao, that is nothing. If you join the Heavenly Dao, then you must be careful. Sometimes, I feel that the Heavenly Dao is the evil way, the demonic way! " The green dragon said.

"I will remember it!" Chen Xiang said: "When the time comes, I can join the way of the sword, or... Original Tao! "

The Azure Dragon laughed, "That’s not a bad idea. It’s just that it’s very difficult to join in the path of the sword, and the requirements of the Original Tao are even more harsh.

"So, many people originally entered the path of the sword with hope, but in the end, they were unable to enter due to various difficulties, and when they entered the Original Tao, they were rejected at the door. In order to obtain power and an eternal life, they had no choice but to join the Heavenly Dao without a threshold!"

Chen Xiang did not expect the Sword Dao and Original Tao to be such an existence, no wonder the Heavenly Dao was so powerful!

"Then Senior, why did you join the Heavenly Dao in the past?" Isn’t it good for you to be in Original Tao? " Chen Xiang asked.

"The main reason is that I couldn’t resist the temptation, I thirsted for power. At that time, even though I was strong, the Original Tao’s techniques could no longer satisfy me, so I entered the Heavenly Dao and was struck off the list by the Original Tao." The Azure Dragon sighed again, "The Divine Wasteland has the Four Great Sacred Arts, of which the Heavenly Dao only has two. These are the Heavenly Alchemy and the Heavenly spirit kunfu!"

Chen Xiang’s heart skipped a beat. This was actually the heaven’s way of cultivation, no wonder everyone had the word ’heaven’!

"And the belongs to the Original Tao, the God Murdering Sword Techniques at this time in the way of the sword!"

Chen Xiang suddenly wanted to laugh, because he had all these mystical techniques, but to his surprise, the Six Realms magic kungfu was actually related to the Original Tao.

All those years ago, because he specialized in the Heavenly Alchemy, he set the Six Realms magic kungfu aside. He felt that in the future, it would be necessary for him to carefully study the Six Realms magic kungfu, so he might be able to unleash the powerful Primitive Tao Power in his body.

"But many years after I entered the Heavenly Dao, I found out that the Heavenly Alchemy and the Heavenly spirit kunfu were lost. At the same time, many strange things happened, and the Six Realms magic kungfu was lost as well ... And I only learned a little bit. "

"The same goes for the God Murdering Sword Techniques. No one possesses a complete God Murdering Sword Techniques!"

The Azure Dragon’s face was full of doubt. "This is something that I still don’t understand."