Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The four great Taboo magic s that Chen Xiang himself possessed were all complete, and the fact that these Taboo magic s were all able to spread to these realms made him very suspicious.

"Maybe the three upper echelons purposely left out the complete version." Chen Xiang said.

"Maybe so. In short, there must be a reason behind it ..." Even though I am curious, in order to punish myself, it is impossible for me to leave this place. If you have the chance in the future, you can investigate this matter. " The green dragon said.

"En!"

Chen Xiang was also extremely curious about the creation of the Taboo magic.

"Oh right, how did you find me? What kind of thing am I now? " The Azure Dragon asked.

"This... You have been made into a seal called the Emperor seal. " Chen Xiang said: "I can use this seal to release a very powerful force."

"So that’s how it is... "You must have just gotten your hands on it, for in this period of time I felt my powers being drawn out more frequently."

Chen Xiang never thought that this was actually drawing out the power of the Azure Dragon.

"Much?" Chen Xiang wanted to understand the degree of usage of this seal. If it was drawn frequently, the power would decrease and it would go wrong at critical moments.

"It’s not that much. In short, based on the previous time you used it, you could drain my power with a thousand or so tries ..." Maybe you do not have enough strength yet, but if you inject enough power, you will be able to drain my power with a single blow. " The green dragon said.

Previously, Chen Xiang had used it to kill Jin En and the Evil Dragon Holy King. That kind of power was indeed very terrifying, and being able to use that kind of power a thousand times, Chen Xiang could roughly estimate the strength of this green dragon.

"After drawing it all at once, wouldn’t that power be terrifying?" The last time Chen Xiang had used it, he hadn’t done his best either.

"Hehe, my power is not only able to be used to trigger explosive attacks. You can also use it as a support, allowing my power to flow throughout your body. Combined with your own power, that is also possible. You must understand how to use it flexibly." The green dragon said.

Chen Xiang nodded his head. Previously, he thought that he could only use the seal to attack directly, he did not expect that he could even borrow the power inside.

He wasn’t planning to use it unless he had no other choice.

"Senior, how did you seal yourself in the end? It looks just like a pill. " Chen Xiang said.

"That’s right, pill forging! I just refined myself. As for who was it that got to later on, I’m not too clear about that, because no one has ever broken through that barrier before. " The green dragon said.

The corner of Chen Xiang’s mouth twitched, he had actually refined his own pill. From a certain point of view, this could also be considered a very high leveled pill technique.

"This means that Senior must have a very profound skill in alchemy." ’s eyes lit up, in Natural Law World, his pill techniques were unrivalled.

Therefore, in terms of communication, he did not have any good targets, so called experts are lonely.

Since this green dragon was able to refine him into a pill, he must be very knowledgeable in alchemy. Even if it wasn’t the powerful Alchemist, he must have a very good understanding of the alchemy in the Divine Wasteland.

Right now, the highest level of pills Chen Xiang was refining was only high-grade Emperor Stage. He knew about the existence of Natural Law Dan, but he had never seen it before.

"Of course, when I entered the Heavenly Dao and learned the Heavenly Alchemy, I learned how to refine pills!" The Azure Dragon recalled the past. His face was full of happiness, and one could tell that he had been very carefree during that period of time. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"Other than the three main paths above Divine Wasteland, there are also other small paths such as the Path of Fist, the Path of Soul, Martial Arts, Dharma and so on ... In addition to all of these, there is also a unique Dao, which is the Dao of alchemy! " The Azure Dragon said, "The Dao of alchemy is an extremely mysterious existence in Divine Wasteland!"

"Mysterious? Could it be that there are not many Alchemist above the Divine Wasteland? " Chen Xiang asked.

Although he had assimilated the memories of a few Strong of Divine Wasteland s before, there wasn’t much of this in those memories and he didn’t even know three of them. It was clear that they were the kind of people who didn’t go out often since they were young.

"Of course there are a lot of Alchemist s above. Many who know how to refine pills and even some who can refine many good pills all claim to have joined the Dao of alchemy. However, they don’t even know where the dao of alchemy is." The green dragon said.

"Senior, do you know where the Dao of alchemy is located?" Chen Xiang never thought that the Dao Pills were like this in the Divine Wasteland.

"I don’t know either, but I’ve seen Alchemist with orthodox alchemy skills ... Heh heh, he’s a real Alchemist, he’s completely different from us, the charm that they displayed when refining pills cannot be described with words. In short, they are very strong, and it makes me, who have been refining pills for many years, feel ashamed. The green dragon said.

This made Chen Xiang yearn for the Dao pills above Divine Wasteland even more. He wanted to experience them for himself!

"Senior, can you refine Natural Law Dan s? "What’s that like?" Chen Xiang had never seen it before. The highest quality he had refined was the Taoist Emperor Dan, after all, it was a Crash.

"Of course I can refine Natural Law Dan ... In fact, Natural Law Dan were not the highest level of profound practitioners in the Divine Wasteland! You’ll know when you go to Divine Wasteland in the future. Right now, I don’t have any medicinal ingredients nor any pills on hand, and I don’t even know how to explain it to you. The green dragon replied, "Moreover, I’ll need at least a year to concoct a batch of pills. It would be quite boring for you to stay here."

Why did he take so long to refine a batch of Natural Law Dan? This made Chen Xiang puzzled, because he didn’t need that long to refine so many Crash Taoist Emperor Dan.

Of course, he currently did not understand Natural Law Dan s, so he did not know how long he would need to refine them.

Chen Xiang chatted with the green dragon for a while before he left. This gave him a lot of benefits, allowing him to understand the situation in the Divine Wasteland and the secrets within the Emperor seal.

After Chen Xiang left the Emperor seal, he felt the ground gently tremble. He hurriedly walked out of the secret room.

He did not see Lv Qilian, but he saw the petite and lovely Little Lizhi.

"Little Lizhi, long time no see!" Chen Xiang chuckled, and then walked over and rubbed Little Lizhi’s exquisite oval face.

Little Lizhi slapped his hands away, and said: "There’s a fight outside, Qilian told me to wait here for you to come out, quickly go out and take a look!"

Originally, Chen Xiang wanted to tease Little Lizhi a little, but after learning that there was a battle outside, he became serious.

"Is it outside the city gate?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Mn, it’s a Dao God expert of the Heaven Wasteland Aristocratic Family, the Great Landlord is outside ... Now that all of our Heavenly Dragon City’s rankers have been mobilized, the war outside is extremely intense. " Little Lizhi said anxiously. She was also in the War God Team and was anxious to go out and fight.

"Alright, let’s go take a look now!" Chen Xiang held Little Lizhi’s jade hand and teleported outside the city.