Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Just as they arrived outside, a large wave of sand and dust swept over and engulfed them within. At the same time, violent gusts of wind accompanied the unceasing lightning strikes.

"I’m going to meet up with the White Phoenix." Little Lizhi said to Chen Xiang.

"Be careful!" Little Lizhi was also a woman that he liked a lot. Back then, many things had happened between him and Little Lizhi.

"You have to be careful yourself!" Little Lizhi gently warned him.

After Little Lizhi left, Chen Xiang immediately sensed his presence and went to look for the Great Landlord.

"Great Landlord, what’s going on?" Chen Xiang transmitted to the Great Landlord.

"This should be the order of Natural Law Divine Lord, if not Heaven Wasteland Aristocratic Family would not go all out. Other than that, there are still some remnants of the Evil God Mountain!" The Great Landlord replied: "Of course, these are not the strongest. I am more worried about the Celestial squad right now."

Hearing this name, Chen Xiang knew that this was a very strong killing array!

"Where is the Celestial squad?" Chen Xiang anxiously asked: "I’ll go get it!"

"I don’t know. I just sensed a trace of an aura, and this Celestial squad is circulating. If we don’t stop it, the True Heavenly Dragon City will be destroyed. or even the entire Natural Law World. " The Great Landlord’s voice was filled with fear.

"Don’t they know about the Heaven Wasteland Aristocratic Family? Are they still fighting here? If that formation is activated, they will die as well. " Chen Xiang was panicking. Such a powerful killing array, if he did not stop it, even if he managed to survive, the people here would all die.

"They definitely know, but the Natural Law Divine Lord must have promised them that he would protect them before the gate opened." The Great Landlord said: "Right now, I’m being held up by these three Dao Gods. Quickly think of a way to destroy the Celestial squad, or else we’ll all be dead."

Chen Xiang had originally planned to have a big battle here, but now he had more important things to do, so he quickly teleported to the Hundreds of Flowers Village and went to Xue Xianxian’s small villa.

"Isn’t there a great battle outside?" Xue Xianxian asked: "Do you want to borrow the array disc?"

"No, it’s big trouble!" At this time, Chen Xiang was also very nervous, because he did not know when the Celestial squad would open, and anxiously said: "Great Landlord said that a very powerful Celestial squad is opening, but I do not know when it will attack."

"That Celestial squad is extremely terrifying, it can exterminate the entire Natural Law World."

Hearing Chen Xiang’s words, and seeing how nervous Chen Xiang and the rest were, Xue Xianxian and the rest felt the same way. They had a deep understanding of formations, so they believed that it was not a lie.

As long as there was enough energy to maintain the operation of the great formation, destroying a world was not an empty thing. It was something that could happen very easily.

"Do you have any way of finding where the Celestial squad is?" Chen Xiang anxiously asked, while at the same time, Xue Xianxian, Dongfang Xinyue and Dongfang Jing took out a disk, on it was a golden pointer.

The needle was spinning rapidly.

Liu Meng’er said: "Usually, if you want to destroy the entire Natural Law World, there are only two places that can be used as the core of the formation, namely the Core of the Earth and the Core of the Sky."

"Of course, the Great Landlord himself might not know, he only sensed the movement caused by the circulation of the Celestial squad, and was not necessarily aiming to destroy the world, but it is definitely aimed at the Heavenly Dragon City." Liu Meng’er was very calm at the moment. She looked at Xue Xianxian and the others and said, "Right now, they are using the three perception discs to locate the location of the Celestial squad."

Xu Youqing also closed her eyes at this time, and used her unique power of curse to sense the surroundings.

"Relax, we still have time. The Celestial squad still needs to store energy, and this process will take a while. Furthermore, during the process of storing energy, no matter how well you hide, there will still be movement." Liu Meng’er saw that Chen Xiang was nervous and immediately said.

Chen Xiang nodded.

Liu Meng’er continued, "The formation plates Xianxian and the others are using can feel the formation array that is currently circulating between heaven and earth. If there really is a formation that is capable of destroying the world operating, it means that the formation is absorbing a great amount of energy from the heaven and earth. It must be detected by the three formation plates above."

Chen Xiang could only see that the pointers on the three formation plates were spinning rapidly, but they would occasionally pause.

Liu Meng’er held his hand tightly, letting him calm down while he stared at the three array discs.

Not long later, the golden needle of the three formation discs suddenly stopped, pointing in the same direction!

"Have you confirmed the location?" Liu Meng’er asked.

"I’ve confirmed. That killing formation has already been in operation for an hour. It is located high up in the sky and is quite far from here. However, once it is completely activated, this place will definitely be destroyed." Dongfang Xinyue said.

"Take it. We have already set up the array disc. As long as you follow the needle, it will be fine. If the three array discs don’t have the same pointer ..." Right after Dongfang Xinyue finished speaking, with a wave of his hand, Chen Xiang called them into the You Yao Mountain Villa, and then teleported in that direction.

"Can you determine the direction of the array disc inside?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Alright. As long as you approach that place, the array disc in our hands will have a great reaction. When we leave, we’ll be able to determine where we’re at." Liu Meng’er said.

Chen Xiang followed the direction he was moving in and teleported more than ten times. Xue Xianxian, who was inside the You Yao Mountain Villa, anxiously shouted: "It’s near here."

"There are three guys of the Dao God Stage here. Don’t come out yet." Chen Xiang said in a serious tone, "We’ll talk about it after I get rid of them!"

Chen Xiang said that he wanted to get rid of the Dao God Stage experts, and the three of them at that. This caused Xue Xianxian and the other girls to be extremely shocked, thinking that Chen Xiang actually had such strength! Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"Hmm? No, there’s something wrong with the three auras. They’re fighting right now! " Chen Xiang was shocked, he never thought that there would be people fighting here.

"Who is it? The only people with the Dao God cultivation were the Great Landlord, Elder Wan, and ... Elder Sister Xiao Ling, could it be ... " Chen Xiang already had an answer in his heart.

The one fighting here was the Heaven Poison Divine Spirit, Du Xiaoling!

Du Xiaoling’s divine aura was normally very weak, to the point of it not leaking out, so Chen Xiang was not very familiar with it, but he still had a little impression of it, and was able to feel Du Xiaoling’s aura just now.

Chen Xiang immediately teleported over, and at the same time, used the Counter Power to make himself invisible. Du Xiaoling was definitely fighting with someone else, and going over silently was definitely the most advantageous thing.

Just as he walked over, Chen Xiang heard a cold shout.

"Little sister, you’ve betrayed our father."

It was a woman’s voice!

Chen Xiang was shocked that Du Xiaoling actually had a father. He had thought that Du Xiaoling was a little special at first, although she was a petite and cute girl that looked gentle and kind, she knew a lot more than Yuan Feng, the proper Natural Law Divine Spirit.

So Du Xiaoling had always been very mysterious in Chen Xiang’s eyes!