Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Natural Law Divine Lord never thought that Chen Xiang would be able to struggle free from his power!

"Your clone isn’t that strong!" As Chen Xiang spoke, he had already appeared behind the Natural Law Divine Lord, and a small seal appeared on his right arm that was glowing with a green light.

That’s the Emperor seal!

Just as he took out the Emperor seal, the six Heavenly beast of the second Divine Sense Sea suddenly roared in unison and started absorbing the energy released by Chen Xiang’s Ancient Code and Mysterious Gate.

Chen Xiang controlled the profound door to continuously surge out Primitive Tao Power s, and then, through the ten levels of profound doors, it strengthened and transformed. Finally, it flowed into the second Divine Sense Sea, and was absorbed by the Heavenly beast within the second Divine Sense Sea.

The Heavenly beast was absorbing the converted Primitive Tao Power, becoming exceptionally strong, and Chen Xiang controlled the Heavenly beast to attach itself to his body.

In this way, he would be able to obtain even stronger power. Currently, he possessed the body of a Six beasts, and with the addition of the Emperor seal, his power would be extremely terrifying.

The Azure Dragon inside the Emperor seal had said, the stronger one’s own strength was, the more they would be able to unleash the might of the Emperor seal!

When Natural Law Divine Lord saw the seal, he could not help but be shocked, as if he knew the origins of the seal.

"This is ..." The Emperor seal! " When the Natural Law Divine Lord finished speaking, a green light surged out of Chen Xiang’s Emperor seal and with a sound of the Green dragon howler, it instantly pierced through the Natural Law Divine Lord’s body.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The space was torn apart, and the Celestial squad was destroyed!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

At the same time as the space was torn apart, the Emperor seal’s power continued to rampage, sending Chen Xiang flying. As for the Natural Law Divine Lord, when he was struck by the power, he had already been torn to shreds!

"The Six beasts’s power cannot be easily used!" Chen Xiang was sent flying and both his Divine Sense Sea and body suffered heavy injuries.

This was also the result of him using the Six beasts’s power by force. His flesh was the most severely injured, and all the bones in his body were shattered.

... ....

Du Xiaoling and the others waited outside for a while, before feeling the space shattering. Then, a burst of green light flashed and Chen Xiang flew out at that time.

"Chen Xiang is injured!" Du Xiaoling could feel that Chen Xiang’s Qi was very weak, she immediately flew over and caught the injured Chen Xiang.

At this time, Chen Xiang was also unconscious!

"What exactly happened inside? Why is he so injured! " Xue Xianxian saw that all the skin on Chen Xiang’s body had been ripped apart, his heart aching, he bit his lips.

Du Xiaoling also took out some medicinal liquid and applied it onto Chen Xiang’s body. When it exploded a moment ago, she sensed a familiar aura, so she wasn’t sure if it was real or not.

"It’s a good thing that he has a strong recovery ability. His life is fine, but it will take a long time for him to recover completely." Du Xiaoling’s medicinal liquid quickly recovered the wounds on his skin and muscles, while the injuries on his body slowly recovered.

Without the threat of the Celestial squad, Du Xiaoling was much more at ease.

"I will follow you back to the Hundreds of Flowers Village." Du Xiaoling, Xue Xianxian and the others brought Chen Xiang back to the Hundreds of Flowers Village, then called Feng Yujie and the others over to let them refine the finished healing pellet so Chen Xiang could recover quickly.

Following that, Du Xiaoling also left Heavenly Dragon City to participate in the battle!

Du Xiaoling was very strong, and adding that she had used poison, it was even more terrifying. With her help, it made many people feel much more relaxed ...

The unconscious Chen Xiang was currently in the Second Divine Sense Sea, looking at the Six beasts, feeling very upset in his heart.

"It seems that I still overestimated myself and easily used your power." Chen Xiang said.

"Actually, with your current level of strength, you can be considered to be very strong. We’ve also become stronger because we devoured your power that was too strong, but your body couldn’t bear it." The green dragon said.

"Alright, looks like I’ll have to continue strengthening my physical body in the future." Chen Xiang looked at the green dragon and laughed. He had two green dragons on him, one of them was the Primordial Azure Dragon, and the one in the Divine Sense Sea, the one in the other generation, was also very strong.

Although Chen Xiang did not participate in the battle outside, he made the Celestial squad stop working and even engaged the Natural Law Divine Lord’s avatar to kill him.

His battle was the most important thing, otherwise, the Natural Law World would be destroyed!

"Sigh, I need to sleep for now. I don’t know when my body will be able to recover, and my soul will be severely damaged. I need to be careful next time." Chen Xiang closed his eyes as his soul slept within the second Divine Sense Sea.

... ....

Divine Sense Sea who was sleeping suddenly smelled a sweet smell. When he opened his eyes, he discovered that he was immersed in a bath, and the water was bright gold. Waves of faint golden mist leaked out from the water.

"So comfortable!" Chen Xiang gasped in admiration. At this time, he looked through the golden mist and saw two beautiful faces.

"Xue Ying... And there’s even a beautiful immortal! " Chen Xiang could not help but be shocked, and they had both closed their eyes now. They were soaking together with him here, and they were not wearing clothes, their upper bodies exposed.

Ji Meixian possessed the bloodline of the Undying Bird, and Xue Ying was a Phoenix, so both of them had extremely strong regenerative abilities in their blood.

Chen Xiang immediately understood what was going on. In order to let him recover a little stronger, they had teamed up to help him heal his injuries.

"You’re finally awake!" Xue Ying suddenly opened his eyes, laughed softly and then threw himself into Chen Xiang’s embrace.

Ji Meixian also opened his eyes and smiled at Chen Xiang. After that, he got up and was about to walk out of the bath, but he was stopped by Chen Xiang.

"You ... What are you doing! " Ji Meixian’s heart suddenly jumped, she knew Chen Xiang’s character, and she had also done many intimate things with him before, those were her sweet memories.

"It’s already like this, do you still want to leave?" Chen Xiang laughed and suddenly pulled Ji Meixian over, "You don’t remember? You were once my little maid, come, serve your master well! "

Ji Meixian was brought over by Chen Xiang, and he felt a hand roaming around her body randomly, causing her face to turn red.

Xue Ying patted Chen Xiang’s head and pouted: "Little scoundrel, you’ve only just recovered and you’re already playing tricks on me!"

"It was you guys who helped me recover, so I have to thank all of you ..." Chen Xiang laughed sinisterly.

Just like this, Xue Ying and Ji Meixian began to entangle themselves in the bath!

Four hours later, Chen Xiang and the two girls finished dressing and walked out of the bathroom, only to see Du Xiaoling sitting in the hall.

"Elder Sister Xiao Ling, why are you here?" When Chen Xiang thought back to how there was such a big commotion in the bathroom, his face reddened, he did not expect Du Xiaoling to be outside. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Xue Ying and Ji Meixian’s faces were also flushed red ...

"This is my territory, of course I’m here!" Du Xiaoling laughed tenderly: "You guys know shame too ... ..."

Du Xiaoling walked over, and pointed at Chen Xiang’s head with the jade: "You little scoundrel, you always like to do this kind of thing in my place."

"This... I don’t know! " Chen Xiang scratched his head and laughed: "Elder Sister Xiao Ling, I’m sorry, I didn’t want to invite you to join, I made you angry!"

"You ... "You little scoundrel!" Du Xiaoling snorted, and stomped her foot on Chen Xiang.