Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

While Chen Xiang had Ye Jiang announce to the outside that he had accepted a disciple, this way Ye Jiang could still maintain his identity as a pill master.

"Old master, are you really from the Pill Dao? "Your alchemy skills are really too amazing. Just by giving me a few pointers, I was able to make such a huge improvement."

Chen Xiang was sitting in the horse carriage, while Ye Jiang was driving. The two horses pulling the carriage were both godly horses, and had a lot of stamina. Although their running speed was not as fast as Chen Xiang, they were not slow either, and the carriage was specially made, which was extremely light and light.

"No, I actually want to know how to enter the Pill Dao." Chen Xiang said.

"I don’t know how to enter the Dao of alchemy either. This is extremely difficult, and I’ve never seen a pill dao cultivator before." Ye Jiang said: "But I heard that the pill refiners seem to be refining Jinyuan Dao Dan similar to you, Old Master."

"That’s why I want you to pretend to be someone of the Pill Dao. That way, we might be able to lure people of the Pill Dao out." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Old master is indeed wise... But would it be dangerous? " Ye Jiang asked worriedly. He did not know what strength Chen Xiang had right now, but he felt that since Chen Xiang was so strong in pill cultivation, he must not be weak.

"Ye Jiang, which sect is the strongest in the way of the sword?" Chen Xiang asked: "If you can’t enter the Dao of alchemy, then going to the Dao of the Sword is not bad."

"The way of the sword... The strongest sect should be the God Murdering Mountain, because the city beneath the mountain is dozens of times larger than the Divine Red Mountain. Many of the people stayed in the city because they wanted to enter the God Murdering Mountain.

"Alright, let’s go to God Murdering Mountain now. Is it far from here?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It’s not too far away. Based on our current speed, we should be able to reach there in about half a year!"

Ye Jiang’s words caused Chen Xiang to be stunned. Half a year was not far yet.

Previously, Chen Xiang thought that there were things like Transmission array s here, but he now knew that the spatial laws here were extremely profound. No wonder the Divine Wasteland s required a lot of power to get down from there.

For the past half year, Chen Xiang had been concocting pills. The pills he had concocted were all Taoist Emperor Dan s, and he could already progress up to the ten Crash s, which he had done in the You Yao Mountain Villa.

"Old master, we’re almost there!" Ye Jiang anxiously shouted.

When Chen Xiang woke up from his cultivation, he was already at the first level of the Dao God Stage.

His Dao god gold body was almost finished, but it was still not enough.

The tenth place of Dao God realm needed to undergo ten changes. Each time, the Dao god soul was able to produce a Rule Dao line inside the Divine Sense Sea World.

Right now, Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea had a Rule Dao line, and this Rule Dao line contained all sorts of laws. This was one of the world’s most needed laws on movement, there were also laws on time and space.

The Rule Dao line that he would cultivate next would be his main focus.

"Mm, after you get there, think of a way to become a pill master." Chen Xiang said: "Now, let me drive the carriage!"

Now that Ye Jiang could rest, he slept soundly in the carriage.

Chen Xiang only slowed down the carriage and headed towards the mountain.

That tall mountain was like a sword that stabbed into the ground, exuding a proud and aloof aura, filled with majesty. From afar, one could feel the waves of sword energy, causing people to feel a sense of awe.

"This is the God Murdering Mountain, it really is powerful!" After Chen Xiang stepped into the Dao God Stage, he clearly understood that it would be extremely difficult to raise his cultivation.

Chen Xiang planned to continue pretending to be Ye Jiang’s disciple and make Ye Jiang famous here, to see if there was anyone who could lead to this.

"Ye Jiang, how much do you know about this God Murdering Mountain?" Chen Xiang asked. After half a year of travelling, they finally arrived at the city below God Murdering Mountain.

"I understand it quite well. Although I’ve never been here before, I’ve heard of it before. Moreover, I’ve planned to walk around this place, so I’ve asked about a lot of things here."

After entering the city, Chen Xiang put Ye Jiang down.

It was Ye Jiang who asked Chen Xiang to do this, because he wanted to find a hotel himself and boast at the hotel. If he succeeded, then Chen Xiang would know too.

"I’m moving right outside this city. If I get too close to the center, it’ll be very easy for it to be exposed. There are many people with very high cultivation experience inside." Ye Jiang said.

"Alright, I’ll take a stroll here myself. When you become famous, I’ll find a place to look for you." Chen Xiang was not afraid that Ye Jiang would run away, because they had already made a contract.

In order to allow Ye Jiang to succeed, Chen Xiang had refined a lot of Jinyuan Dao Dan of lower quality previously, allowing him to use this kind of pill to attract people’s attention. This was also Ye Jiang’s usual method, which was how Chen Xiang previously found out.

Ye Jiang had only used around a dozen or twenty pills previously, but now that Chen Xiang had given him a few hundred, he started to feel uneasy.

Chen Xiang’s You Yao Mountain Villa grew many of the required ingredients that the Jinyuan Dao Dan required, and he had also refined more than a hundred of the Jinyuan Dao Dan s.

Chen Xiang brought the carriage back to You Yao Mountain Villa and bid farewell to Ye Jiang.

... ....

"I have to go and see if there are any pills for sale here." Chen Xiang quickly found a medicine shop and inquired around. He found out that only medicinal herbs were sold here and there were no Natural Law Dan s.

After interrogating a few stores in succession, he thought that with such a large city district, there should be pills for sale here. He didn’t expect that it would be as rare as others.

"Looks like I can only enter the inner layer." After Chen Xiang went inside, he finally found a shop that sold Natural Law Dan s.

Natural Law Dan s were average in the upper, middle, and lower stages, while Jinyuan Dao Dan s were mid-tier. Above the high-grade were King grade s, heaven rank, and saint rank.

The shop that Chen Xiang came to was only for sale to middle ranked Natural Law Dan, among them there were Jinyuan Dao Dan s, which required four Myriad Tao Stones. Furthermore, he needed to reserve them in order to obtain one later.

"Looks like the demand for Natural Law Dan here is huge!" Chen Xiang did not lack Dao-Stones right now. If he reached the third level of the Dao God Realm, he would need them.

This was because the dao stone could absorb the power of the Great Way of the Divine Wasteland and then absorb it.

Chen Xiang walked out of the shop in a dejected manner. When he reached the entrance, two men walked out enthusiastically from within the shop. They looked to be extremely angry.

"Senior brother, it seems that someone is trying to impersonate us. We want to see what kind of fella is using the name of the Pill Dao to cheat us." A youth said.

"I’ve heard that something like this happened in other places, but we’ve never met any of them. This time, we won’t be able to escape." The light robed man’s face was full of anger as he started to run quickly. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Chen Xiang never thought that Ye Jiang’s skills were so brilliant that it could attract a true alchemist so quickly. He immediately followed him to prevent Ye Jiang from being in danger.