Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

In the God Murdering Mountain, the azure-dressed man and the youth sat in a small hall with faces full of indignation. In the hall sat a white robed old man, who was carefully inspecting the two quality testing jade plates.

"Master, is the jade plate broken?" The youth said. <>

"It’s not bad!" The white robed old man chuckled, "Looks like you guys have met an incredible guy who was taken care of by the Gu."

"Master, how can we just let it go like this? We are true disciples of the Alchemy Dao, yet we are called scammers. They are the scammers, but everyone treats them as true disciples of the Alchemy Dao ... This is really too absurd. With the black and white inverted, how can you continue to watch? " The azure-robed man had an unconvinced expression.

The white-robed cultivator sighed, "The Dao of alchemy ... As long as one possesses supreme pill cultivating techniques, one would step into the Dao of alchemy. This is the meaning of ’Dao’, and we can only call ourselves a sect of alchemy, not the master of the Dao of alchemy. Therefore, how can we decide whether or not others are the masters of the Dao of alchemy? "

"You are still too young ... "His alchemy skills are better than theirs, which means that his alchemy skills are higher than yours. Moreover, he’s studied the alchemy skills, so he’s much more hardworking than you guys. Just based on this, he can win against you, which means he has the qualification to say that you guys are not in the alchemy path."

The green-clothed man and the youth were so stunned that they couldn’t even raise their heads.

"You have to be clear that you have at least entered the Dao of alchemy. Do you have a chance to truly step into the Dao, and understand the truth of the Dao of alchemy? You must be clear about that." The white-robed old man stroked his long beard and said.

"This disciple knows his wrongs, but ... They’re all playing tricks on us! " The youth was still a little angry.

"As far as I know, they have never cheated when giving away Jinyuan Dao Dan s in the city, and it is not excessive for them to call themselves people of the Pill Dao ... "That person’s alchemy skills are much better than yours, why can’t he just say that he is a cultivator of the alchemy Dao?" The old man in white smiled and said, "You guys are too competitive. The one you guys are unconvinced about is losing to someone of unknown origins, not a scammer."

The white-robed old man rubbed the two disciples’ heads and said, "Let’s go back!"

"Master, we have only been in the God Murdering Mountain for a few days ... We came here to exchange sword techniques as guests. Did we leave so quickly? " The youth said.

At this time, a tall and skinny old man walked in and laughed: "That’s right, Old Man Qin will be staying for a few more days ... I have sent men to find those two crooks, to bring them up the mountain, and to clear your two disciples of their grievances. "

Hearing that, the white robed old man shook his head and sighed, "That’s why I’m leaving. It’s just because my two disciples have too many grudges in their hearts, I didn’t expect you to... "Oh, I hope there won’t be any conflict."

The green-clothed man and the youth were secretly delighted. They threw a respectful smile to this tall and skinny old man.

"There’s no need to worry. Our people know their limits. Given how skilled they are in pill forging, we should be able to bring them here and have them acknowledge you as their teacher." The tall and skinny old man laughed.

That’s not good. Everyone has their own Dao of alchemy, which is different. Now that he’s mastered his own Dao, he’s his own master. The white-robed old man wasn’t happy at the moment, so he went back to his room to rest.

... ....

In the afternoon, the small restaurant where Chen Xiang and his group were staying was surrounded by a group of white clothed people carrying long swords on their backs.

This was because the white robed men were all from the God Murdering Mountain, and the God Murdering Mountain was the strongest. No one dared to offend them, because once the two leading men spoke, they immediately dispersed like a flock of birds.

Ye Jiang felt a lot of pressure now, because he and Chen Xiang were still in the small restaurant. Before when he was cheating, he had never encountered such a thing.

Chen Xiang was rather calm as he said, "It seems that the two disciples are on top of the God Murdering Mountain."

"Master, what should we do next? "Do you have any way of escaping?" Ye Jiang was sweating profusely.

"No, but you don’t have to worry, we won’t die!" "Wait a minute, I will lure them away. You can escape by yourself!" Chen Xiang laughed, then walked down the stairs to the door.

"You two swindlers, I also don’t know what method you used to defeat two true disciples of the Pill Dao. We were called over by the God Murdering Mountain’s elders to capture you and interrogate you thoroughly." The leader was a handsome man wearing white clothes that made him look very energetic.

"You train in the Dao of the Sword?" Hmm, not bad, the sword force on your body is very strong! " Chen Xiang said: "I wonder what cultivation you have?"

"First stage of the Tai Dao realm!" The man said, "If you obediently return with us, you will be able to avoid physical pain."

Above the Dao God Stage was the Tai Dao realm. Chen Xiang also knew this, but Chen Xiang was only at the first level of the Dao God Stage.

However, Chen Xiang was still not afraid. His powerful Dao god gold body and ten fully opened profound doors of the Laws allowed him to obtain an extremely strong power. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

When one reached the Divine Wasteland, they would no longer be able to absorb any energy but could only absorb it from the Dao god soul. As the Dao god soul was intertwined with the dao energy in the Divine Sense Sea, the Dao god soul could turn the dao energy of the Divine Sense Sea into the power of the law.

Chen Xiang had eight primordial profound gates, and he could quickly convert them into eight thick streams of Primitive Tao Power. Then, he could circulate one round in the Divine Sense Sea, rush past the ten levels of profound gates, and become very strong through conversion!

"What if I don’t return?" Chen Xiang took out the Heavenly magic sword, he also wanted to see how strong the sword disciples were.

"Then you might get hurt." The man also took his sword from his back and said, "Since you are also someone who uses the sword, I’ll give you a fair method. If you can defeat me, I can naturally let you leave safely."

"Alright, please release your sword!"

Chen Xiang held onto the Heavenly magic sword tightly, focusing his mind, he couldn’t use his spatial energy, he couldn’t teleport, and the opponent’s strength was likely to be much stronger than him.

Seeing that the battle was about to start, the people in the surroundings all fled far away. In a battle between experts, it was as if the sky was collapsing and the earth was cracking. If they stayed by the side, they would be affected.

"Hmph, using the sword in front of a Sword Truth disciple doesn’t know your place."

As the white-clothed man spoke, the longsword in his hand blurred and in the blink of an eye, it had already pierced towards Chen Xiang’s left shoulder.

The moment the opponent released his sword, Chen Xiang was shocked, but he did not panic. Although the opponent’s speed was very fast, he could clearly see the sword movements, the Heavenly magic sword in his hand also moved, and slashed towards his opponent’s sword body with lightning speed!

Clang!

With a crisp sound, the white clothed man’s sword was cut in half the instant it stabbed into Chen Xiang’s left shoulder!

The white-clothed man took a few steps back, his face filled with horror. His sword had actually been cut in half! Only he knew what was going on!

Just now, he had used a very powerful sword force. Under the protection of this sword force, even if his opponent had a divine weapon, he had to first break through the force of his sword before being able to strike directly at his sword!

But, when Chen Xiang brandished the sword over, she immediately cut apart his sword force, and cut apart his sword body!

The white clothed man and the surrounding God Murdering Mountain disciples could all see the terrifying part of the sword, because Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword did not directly touch the white clothed man’s longsword, which meant that Chen Xiang had used the power of the sword to cut his longsword in half.

Chen Xiang kept his Heavenly magic sword, stepped on the Shrinking step, and in the blink of an eye, he disappeared at the end of the street!