Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 269 - Amazing progress

------------

Once Chen Xiang arrived, Yun Xiaodao and the others heaved a sigh of relief. They did not expect Lu Jie to be so bold, even daring to move against them here, which was a clear violation of the sect rules.

Lu Jie’s complexion changed because of Chen Xiang’s sudden appearance. Even he himself had not perceived Chen Xiang, and moreover, Chen Xiang had even blocked his attack.

"Truly a shameless fellow who only knows how to bully the weak." Chen Xiang sneered while staring at Lu Jie. He was a head taller than Lu Jie, and even his stature was sturdier than Lu Jie. With regards to their physique, Lu Jie appeared to be a lot weaker than him.

At this time, three True Disciples from behind Lu Jie also arrived. One was in 6th level, one was in 7th level, and the last one was in 8th level. In the Extreme Martial Sect, there were not many True Martial Realm disciples, so Chen Xiang, with a single glance, recognized the three.

Lu Jie retracted his hand. In his heart, he was also surprised, because Chen Xiang appeared to be somewhat stronger. And it had only been a short five days, that’s all. Originally, he believed it would take Chen Xiang at least one or two years before he could recover, yet in just five days, he was already alright.

"Chen Xiang, don’t you remember the lesson I taught you last time?" Lu Jie’s pair of angry eyes stared at Chen Xiang.

"Of course I remembered, and it was because I remembered that I came to look for you! You almost killed me last time." Chen Xiang clenched his fist as his bones burst into ’crackling’ sounds. His voice was full of anger.

Lu jie loudly laughed, "Are you looking to compete with me? However, you and I are not in the same level. I will not accept your challenge, lest others say I bully the weak! You don’t deserve to fight with me, you are just a weak guy, a garbage whom had almost kneeled in front of me."

Chen Xiang let loose of his clenched fist and became very calm. But suddenly, the surroundings were enveloped with Slaughter Qi, however, it only appeared for a moment, before it completely disappeared.

This was Chen Xiang’s appearance under extreme anger. A very furious person was rather terrifying when he was very calm. Anger would make one even more powerful, but it would also make them lose their wits. However, if someone remained calm in a state of fury, he could release the hidden strength in his body, and at the same time, he could calmly control that strength.

"If you wish to fight with brother Lu, first you must receive my two moves, and also without weapon!" A young man beside Lu Jie spoke at this time. His tone was very frivolous and arrogant, and he didn’t even place Chen Xiang in his eyes. He was a 6th level True Martial Realm disciple named Ying Qilai, and he was a figure from the same generation as Hao Dongqing, Yao Haisheng and the others.

"So long as you defeat brother Ying, I will reluctantly fight..."

He had not finished his sentence, before a golden light flashed out, it was Chen Xiang’s fist. That fierce punch was like a beam, bursting forth with intense Slaughter Qi and destructive power while in motion. At the same time, it was accompanied by a deafening tiger roar that was filled with slaughter and violence, causing the surrounding people to quiver in fear. This was the White Tiger Divine Fist. Without using the Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade, Chen Xiang was just as terrible, because the martial technique he was using was divine exercise.

As Chen Xiang struck his fist, no one had the chance to react. Ying Qilai’s face, which was filled with disdain, had no room to change. Chen Xiang’s Golden Tiger Head fist directly landed on his nose as the quiet square could clearly hear the sound of nose breaking. It was followed by a burst of deafening roar, accompanied with blood curdling screams. Ying Qilai flew out the square, slammed into a martial courtyard’s wall far away, destroying the solid wall. His life’s condition was unknown.

Yun Xiaodao, Zhu Rong and Xu Weilong, the trio’s faces were sweating profusely. Just a moment ago, that punch was truly too violent, and it was so fast that it did not give anyone any time to react. As its sudden and explosive force was released, it made sure that it was very difficult to resist. A fist took out a 6th level True Martial Realm martial artist in just a second; this kind of strength was incomparably shocking for others.

Ying Qilai believed that Chen Xiang without the Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade, this divine weapon, would not have a lot of strength remaining. However, he was wrong as his handsome face was completely ruined by Chen Xiang. Chen Xiang’s fist had almost taken his life, and if Chen Xiang had not shown mercy, he might have been crippled. Chen Xiang only let him suffer a bit of internal injuries, as well as a broken nose, that’s all.

"Now can I fight with you!" Chen Xiang rubbed his fist while indifferently watching Lu Jie.

Lu Jie was also caught in surprise. If Chen Xiang had punched him instead a moment ago, he also had no way to dodged. He was the closest to Chen Xiang and Ying Qilai, and he could clearly observe the fist’s speed as well its strength. At the very least, he himself couldn’t even see how Chen Xiang punched. He only saw a golden light rushing through, and then Ying Qilai immediately flew out.

Withing just five days, Chen Xiang had become a lot stronger. Even Lu Jie couldn’t help but become fearful. However, he did not find any enhancement in Chen Xiang’s True Qi. Just as before, from Chen Xiang’s aura, he could see that he was still in the 5th level of the True Martial Realm.

"Fight here?" Lu Jie asked. A few days ago, although he had almost made Chen Xiang kneel down, he still failed to garner recognition of the others, and even though Chen Xiang at that time was defeated, his reputation hadn’t even increased, which made him even more jealous and angry.

"Yes, right here! Life and death battle!" Chen Xiang spoke word by word.

"Good, before the Dean and the others arrive, I’ll be finished with you!" While speaking, Lu Jie’s eyebrows twitched as Chen Xiang suddenly felt a power invading him, impacting towards his dantian. The power was comparatively strong at the beginning, but in the end, it became a lot weaker.

Lu Jie didn’t move, yet he had already launched the attack, moreover, it was extremely quick; this was precisely the Ghost Martial Technique. Last time, Chen Xiang was at a disadvantage, and in order to not be disadvantaged anymore, he had endured excruciating pain for three days and three nights straight, and cultivated his body to the 5th level of the Immortal and Devil Body.

Yun Xiaodao and the others retreated back in succession. Everyone around them also hastily retreated back. These two were rather strong, and after the fight, the square would probably be brought to ruins.

This time, Chen Xiang could clearly feel an extremely fast fist pounding on his abdomen. However, he was already prepared, that was why he wasn’t the least bit afraid.

After his body lightly shook, the power disappeared. His physical strength had improved by several times, but the scene was rather worlds apart compared to before. This time, he had very easily fended off the Ghost Martial Technique.

"Stronger than last time, but it still cannot do anything to me." Chen Xiang spoke to himself in his heart as he looked at Lu Jie with a sneer.

Lu Jie suddenly stared dumbfoundedly as he retreated a few steps in shock. His proud Ghost Martial Technique had actually failed, and it was even unable to make Chen Xiang fall down to the ground. When he had used it a few days ago, the strength he had used was a lot weaker, yet Chen Xiang was already vomiting blood from serious injuries. But now, his attack didn’t even affect Chen Xiang in the slightest.

"He is just in the 5th level of the True Martial Realm, I do not have to be afraid! I’ll try again." Lu Jie told himself in his heart, then once again quietly casted a move. However, it still did not show any effect, and this time, Chen Xiang’s body did not even budge a bit. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Chen Xiang sneered, "Playtime’s over, my turn!" While speaking, he waved his hand as five fingers were stretched out. Just like an eagle claw, it burst into azure light, forming a huge dragon claw which struck towards Lu Jie.

A translated work of Xianxiaworld