What made Chen Xiang a little unhappy was that after suffering for so many days, the Sword Spirit Old Man did not bring him much strength.

Of course, if he wanted the Sword Spirit to display its power, he had to use the God Murdering Sword Techniques.

At dawn, Chen Xiang walked out of his room and arrived at the center of a square, where many people were gathered.

When Tai Shangzhen saw that Chen Xiang had arrived, he pulled Chen Xiang to the side and said in a low voice: "Last night, we had a meeting and decided to go to Myriad Tao Mausoleum today. Originally, I wanted you to go with us, but many Leader s from the sects objected! Little brother, I am truly sorry. "

"It’s fine, you don’t have to apologize to me." Chen Xiang laughed, he had expected this to happen, so he did not mind it.

Tai Shangzhen nodded his head: "Then I’ll send you down the mountain now, they will be leaving soon."

Chen Xiang and Tai Shangzhen arrived at the bottom of the God Murdering Mountain. Tai Shangzhen told Chen Xiang that when he came back, he would invite him to visit the Supreme Sword Sect and tell him that he had to go there at that time.

Then, Tai Shangzhen went back to the God Murdering Mountain.

Chen Xiang took a stroll around the city, at the same time, he was paying attention to the God Murdering Mountain’s mountain gate. He was certain just now, this God Murdering Mountain only had this door, and no one could fly inside the city.

"Senior Sword Spirit, are there any other sects in God Murdering Mountain?" Chen Xiang asked, he planned to secretly follow behind that group of people, towards the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

The sword spirit was inside the Heavenly magic sword and did not know about what was happening outside.

"Why do you ask? Have you been trapped on top of the God Murdering Mountain? " Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"No, those fellows won’t let me follow them. I plan to follow them to the Myriad Tao Mausoleum." Chen Xiang said: "But I’ve waited for an hour and they still haven’t come down, I saw them lining up upstairs just now."

"Idiot, they definitely won’t leave with a large group of people from the main gate. Although there is no other way, they can jump down from the mountain!" The sword spirit said: "Take out the Heavenly magic sword, I’ll help you sense it."

Chen Xiang anxiously took out the Heavenly magic sword, causing the sword spirit to exclaim: "I never thought that God Murdering Mountain’s surroundings would have such a drastic change ..."

A short while later, the sword spirit said, "I sensed the sword energy of God Murdering Mountain and the other disciples of the various sects together and their movement speed was pretty fast."

The sword spirit immediately told Chen Xiang of a direction, and Chen Xiang immediately gave chase.

"I was too careless. I almost missed it. Senior Sword Spirit, you are still the shrewd and ruthless one." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Of course, we can discuss it with me if there is any danger or if there is a crisis." The sword spirit said.

Chen Xiang used his fastest speed to catch up and chased for three whole days before he caught up. He realized that those people were riding large carts pulled by savage beasts and were galloping on the ground.

At the end, many roads were difficult to walk on, especially in some mountain forests, where dangerous things could be found everywhere. For example, tree vines with spikes on them, poisonous flowers and herbs everywhere, and occasionally, small poisonous objects would appear.

"This is good, you guys can’t take the bus anymore!" Chen Xiang was secretly happy. He had been running behind for more than ten days and seeing others in the carriage, his heart was very unbalanced.

"Everyone be careful, a Lightning Destructive Snake has appeared!" The one who spoke was Tai Shangzhen, he studied this kind of thing the most, and this was also because his own grandson was poisoned, so everyone believed what he said.

Sure enough, just as he finished his sentence, several beams of white light flashed towards the hundred or so people in front of him.

"Humph!"

Tai Shangzhen groaned, a burst of berserk sword force swept over, he leapt into the air and slashed out a ray of Sword Qi, causing the Sword Qi to fly out like rainbows, bringing with it an extremely hot Qi, it struck the serpent’s body, instantly burning it to ashes.

"The Supreme Sword Force is really amazing!" A middle-aged man exclaimed.

In the blink of an eye, Tai Shangzhen had killed over a hundred lightning snakes, causing everyone to heave a sigh of relief.

Chen Xiang used Counter Power and quietly followed behind. He was not discovered, he was currently on top of a tree, and he had clearly seen Tai Shangzhen’s attack just now.

"So this is how sword energy is used." Chen Xiang finally saw through something.

"The guy who attacked just now must be using the Supreme Sword Force." The Sword Spirit’s voice came into Chen Xiang’s mind.

"That’s right, how did you know?" Chen Xiang asked.

"There are three big chapters in the God Murdering Sword Techniques, and these three chapters are all independent and can be practiced in one chapter alone. Therefore, the sects in the way of the sword are divided into three main divisions, the first is the God Slaughtering Sword Force, led by the God Murdering Mountain, the second is the Unparalleled Sword Force, and the third is the Supreme Sword Sect’s Supreme Sword Force."

"Of course, in order to truly grasp the God Murdering Sword Techniques, one must first learn these three chapters, and then integrate them completely." The sword spirit said.

Chen Xiang felt that the little bit he had mastered should be the God Slaughtering Sword Force. He had only learned the first chapter, the second chapter, and the third chapter.

"Alright, I’ll go take a look when I have time. It won’t be easy for me to learn God Murdering Sword Techniques." Chen Xiang felt that the God Murdering Sword Techniques was the same as the Heavenly Alchemy, it would definitely be very hard to learn.

"No, the God Murdering Sword Techniques is the best of the Four Great Mysterious Techniques! The hardest part was the Heavenly Alchemy, even the creator couldn’t learn it completely. Secondly, there’s the Six Realms magic kungfu, which is a strange cultivation technique, I’m not too sure either. " The sword spirit said.

Chen Xiang also felt that the Heavenly Alchemy was very difficult.

"Is the God Murdering Sword Techniques really that easy?" Chen Xiang asked. If it was easy, he still wanted to learn.

"As long as you master the three types of sword intents, release the sword force, use the sword force to stimulate the strong Sword Qi, and then familiarize yourself with the sword moves in the God Murdering Sword Techniques, you will basically have achieved great success." The sword spirit said, "For others, it would be very difficult. However, for a guy like you who has been washed by the Sword Purification Pool, this is a piece of cake. You should be able to learn it after eating a few meals."

"Alright, I’ll learn it when I have time!" Chen Xiang wanted to give it a try right now, but he had something important to do, it was to follow this group of people to the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

A month had passed, and everyone finally walked out of this tormenting forest. They arrived at a scorching barren mountain range.

"Everyone rest!" He was an extremely strong elder in the God Murdering Mountain, Chen Xiang had seen how many times he had killed the strong wild beasts and wolves.

Tai Shangzhen climbed to the top of a tall mountain and observed the terrain in front of him. Afterwards, he walked down and said to everyone: "No wonder it’s so hot here.

"Did Fire Avenue leave before me? Are they still here? "Looks like we have to be careful." The expression of the elder of the God Murdering Mountain turned serious.