Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

It would take about two years for them to reach that place. Chen Xiang felt a little tired just thinking about it, and walking all the way to that place would also be a great test of perseverance.

Chen Xiang was the most relaxed of them all, it was just following behind them. The disciples of Fire Path and Sword Dao all fought hard and got injured while bleeding hard. After walking for half a year, the original one thousand people of Fire Path had already died over two hundred years.

Although there were not many disciples of the Sword Dao, but their overall strength was very fierce and not a single one of them died. This was all thanks to the few people of the Pill Dao.

"Don’t these guys have any spatial magic treasures for carrying people? If we put them inside, it would be much more convenient to leave along with them." Although Chen Xiang didn’t need to help out, following the road for more than half a year was still very arduous for him.

Of course, he had gained a lot. He was in charge of collecting the corpses of the savage beasts from the back. In his Divine Sense Sea World, the corpses of the savage beasts were piled into a mountain.

"It’s not our choice to keep killing like this. If only we could have discovered those groups of savage beasts earlier. However, these groups of wild beasts first noticed us, and then they pounced on us." Tai Shangzhen said. After so many days, he also felt tired. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Moreover, he did not know how many hordes of barbarian beasts he would have to kill in the future. He did not know how strong the horde of barbarian beasts would be in the future.

"Our spiritual perception isn’t as sharp as those savage beasts... I have a Heavenly spirit crow, but it’s just that it’s sleeping. As long as I wake up, my Heavenly spirit crow will be able to easily detect the savage beasts around me. " The middle-aged Fire Dao cultivator said.

"If that’s the case, then that’s great. How long will it take for him to awaken?" Tai Shangzhen asked.

"More than ten days. Every time this Heavenly spirit crow sleeps, it needs to sleep for a whole year. Counting the time now, it should be about right." The middle-aged man said.

"Then I will rest here for ten days and heal my injuries. I will continue advancing once the Heavenly spirit crow wakes up." Tai Shangzhen said, and all of the higher ups of the other sects nodded their heads in agreement.

The people from Fire Path also didn’t have any objections. After all, everyone was very tired after so many days.

At this time, Chen Xiang retreated a bit and hid in the hollow of an old tree. He took out a Six Realms mirrors and sat on top of it.

"They’ve rested for more than ten days. I’ll make some pills while I’m at it." Chen Xiang took out three types of high quality heaven’s divine medicine.

He was the one who had helped Tai Shangzhen hunt Poison Tiger last time, the one that Tai Shangzhen gave him. He grew many high-grade Heavenly God medicines last time, but he did not have the time to refine them.

"I wonder what kind of medicinal herb it is. Eat and have a look first." Chen Xiang took out a bean sized red fruit and pinched it soft. He placed it in his mouth and chewed it a few times before this red fruit immediately burst apart.

After he bit off the red fruit, the juice inside splattered in his mouth. A scorching heat suddenly burst out from his mouth and rushed toward his throat.

"Ah!" Chen Xiang shouted, and immediately used both hands to choke his throat, and then continued to cough non-stop. His face was currently flushed red, hot and spicy, and flames continuously spewed out of his mouth as he coughed.

"What the hell is this? It’s spicy to death." Chen Xiang coughed for an entire hour, almost coughing out his gall bladder.

Although he did not know what it was, he knew that the power of this little red fruit contained an extremely strong flame Primitive Tao Power. Other than that, it also had a very unique effect; after eating it, it can make the Rule Dao line in his Divine Sense Sea become lively.

Just now, he had felt that the Rule Dao line in the Divine Sense Sea had absorbed a lot of Primitive Tao Power under the effect of that energy.

"Looks like this fruit can let Rule Dao line absorb the energy from the Dao god soul. In that case, this is something that can strengthen Rule Dao line."

"But how do we cultivate the second Rule Dao line?" Chen Xiang didn’t understand anything about this, so he asked the sword spirit.

"Senior Sword Spirit, right now, I am at the first level of the Dao God Realm. I only have one Rule Dao line, how can I cultivate the second one quickly?"

"That’s easy. First, you have to be strong enough in your Dao Meridian. That way, your Dao Meridian will be stable on the second day. Once your Dao Meridian is strong enough, you will need to use a Dao Stone to exchange for the power of law corresponding to your Celestial Sect of Wonders." The sword spirit said, "As long as you have a dao stone, you can go to the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele and exchange for the power of law. This will consume a lot of dao stones."

Chen Xiang had never tried it before, so he did not know much about it.

"Who created the Myriad Tao Divine Stele, is there anyone controlling it?" Chen Xiang asked again.

"Of course there are. They are controlled by all of them, and they are normally located in the number one sect of a great Dao. For example, the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele for the way of the sword is located in the vicinity of the God Murdering Mountain. The sword spirit said.

"Nope." Although Chen Xiang had wandered around God Murdering Mountain for a few days, he had never seen any sort of Myriad Tao Divine Stele.

"Doesn’t this mean that I am currently unable to cultivate the second meridian?" There was no Myriad Tao Divine Stele nearby.

"Of course, otherwise how could there be so many people under God Murdering Mountain? It was all for the sake of obtaining the power of law at any time." The sword spirit said, "Let’s talk about it when we get back. This matter isn’t urgent anyway."

Chen Xiang nodded his head, then took out his little red fruit and refined it into a pill. After consuming it, his basic Rule Dao line would seem to be extremely hungry, continuously devouring the energy released by the Dao god soul, and after devouring it, it gradually became stronger and stronger.

Chen Xiang also didn’t know if he could use the power of space after cultivating the spatial Rule Dao line. He looked inside the Divine Sense Sea, and saw that one end of the Rule Dao line was connected to the Dao god soul and the other end to the Fire Profound Gate.

After seven or eight days, Chen Xiang felt that his basic Rule Dao line had become much stronger.

He, who was inside the tree hole, suddenly noticed the movements of the group. He immediately walked out of the tree hole and used Counter Power to go invisible.

"Elder Zhong, what exactly is up ahead? You’re an elder, yet you’re injured so severely." The middle-aged man from the Fire Dao had a serious expression on his face. The old man from the Pill Dao had already given the old man a pill.

"Yes ..." It’s the Dragon wolf, there’s a group of Dragon wolf in front of us, let’s quickly take a detour, we can’t follow the directions on the map anymore. " The old man said.

They had taken a detour a long distance before, but now they had finally returned to the route on the map. If they took a detour, it would take a longer time to reach Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

"Dragon wolf... It’s that kind of barbaric beast that evolved from devouring Dragon Power. Looks like I’ll have to take a detour. " Tai Shangzhen said.

Chen Xiang was very clear of Elder Zhong’s strength. He had seen Elder Zhong’s attacks several times, and they were all very strong, but he was injured by some Dragon wolf.

"How many Dragon wolf?" The white-robed elder asked.

"Thirty." Elder Zhong said.

The number of thirty could be said to be very small, because the group of savage beasts they faced before numbered in the tens of thousands. However, when they heard about this number of Dragon wolf, the faces of all the strong warriors changed slightly.

"Let’s hurry. The Dragon wolf might catch up." This book is from 17K, so the first thing I’ll do is to look at the original content!