Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Originally, they planned to hurry back after the Heavenly spirit crow awakened, but because they were afraid of the Dragon wolf, they had to hurry back. Otherwise, the Dragon wolf would catch up and cause them a lot of damage.

Chen Xiang did not know how strong the Dragon wolf were. Just thirty of them were enough to scare the group of experts.

"Could it be that the experts of the Divine Wasteland only have this kind of strength?" Chen Xiang asked the sword spirit and told it about the Dragon wolf.

"Didn’t you say that many of the Divine Wasteland’s divine arts were lost? And all the strong warriors went to that Myriad Tao Mausoleum, so it is normal for Divine Wasteland to be so weak." The sword spirit sighed, "If the Sword Ancestor God had been here all those years ago, dealing with that kind of Dragon wolf would have been a piece of cake."

As long as their strength had reached a certain point, they would all go to the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, thus the number of experts in the sects would become fewer and fewer, and their legacies would gradually be lost, thus the Divine Wasteland’s overall strength would gradually decline.

And the majority of the people who could pass through this dangerous place alone were very strong, they could take charge of themselves, if not they would not be able to smoothly enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"Senior, could it be that you don’t know what Dragon wolf are?" Chen Xiang was extremely curious, he guessed that the Dragon wolf had the blood of dragons, and those people just now had mentioned the Eternal Dragon Power.

"I don’t know. This kind of thing was clearly born later on." The sword spirit said, "If I were to encounter it, I might be able to figure out what it is."

Chen Xiang curled his lips, then followed that group of people. Currently, they were moving a lot faster, as if they were very worried about being killed by the Dragon wolf.

This made Chen Xiang more curious about those Dragon wolf.

Although he was curious, Chen Xiang would not go and take a look at those Dragon wolf. If those Dragon wolf were very heaven-defying, then he would be done for.

Chen Xiang followed that group of people for a few days, and on the way, they were extremely quiet. They did not encounter any beasts, and the Dragon wolf that made everyone panic did not chase up.

"My divine duck woke up." He took out a very small cage with a very small bird inside it.

The cage gradually grew larger, and the bird inside did not look that small anymore. It was actually a snow-white crow.

The crow cried out twice before speaking in human language, "There’s someone at the back, someone at the back. It’s a human."

Chen Xiang’s heart trembled, the Heavenly spirit crow was truly powerful, it had actually discovered him, he continued to use the Counter Power to hide himself.

Everyone was also shocked. There was actually someone following behind them. Just thinking about it sent chills down their spines, yet they did not know about it.

"Who the hell are they?" Then, he placed the Heavenly spirit crow on his shoulder. A golden light shot out from the Heavenly spirit crow’s eyes onto Chen Xiang’s body.

When Chen Xiang was hit by the golden light, he immediately appeared, and after the golden light disappeared, no one could see him anymore.

"Yes ..." Little Brother Shen. " Tai Shangzhen was shocked, Chen Xiang being able to follow them here, and not only that, just with this ability, he was able to make many Rankers admire him.

Chen Xiang withdrew his Counter Power, allowing himself to appear. He smiled at Tai Shangzhen: "Senior Tai."

"He is ... My friend. " Tai Shangzhen anxiously said, he also saw that the higher ups of Fire Way and other sects were dissatisfied with this as well.

"He followed me here. That means he isn’t a person of the Pill Dao, nor is he someone of the Sword Dao." The middle-aged man from the fire path said with a cold voice.

"No, I was just curious about the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, that’s why I came here." Chen Xiang said.

"Then, how did you get here? Just go back. If you continue to follow us, don’t blame me for being ruthless." The speaker was an old man of the Sword Dao.

"How can that be? If he were to go back by himself, it would be extremely dangerous." Tai Shangzhen looked at the old man, his voice cold.

Chen Xiang had helped him so much, how could he let Chen Xiang take the risk to go back on his own?

Tai Shangzhen looked at the higher ups of the sects, and only a few of them nodded towards him. They had a good relationship with him, and had agreed to let him stay behind, but most of them didn’t want Chen Xiang to follow them.

"Alright, since everyone disagrees, I will also withdraw. I will escort him back." Tai Shangzhen snorted, he had already decided to send Chen Xiang back to the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

Chen Xiang did not want to make things difficult for Tai Shangzhen, so he anxiously said: "Senior, do not worry, I am hiding my special ability, the beasts will not be able to find me."

"That won’t do, didn’t the Heavenly spirit crow discover you already? It’s very dangerous for you to be by yourself, I’ll send you back." Tai Shangzhen was his benefactor, so no matter how much he risked his life, he had to protect Chen Xiang.

He immediately activated Counter Power and started to run. Tai Shangzhen also did not know where he was right now.

Just when Tai Shangzhen was panicking, he heard Chen Xiang’s laughter: "Senior Tai, I’ll be leaving first. Maybe I’ll be able to rush to Myriad Tao Mausoleum before you."

"Why do you have to go through all this trouble?" Tai Shangzhen sighed helplessly.

Although everyone rejected Chen Xiang, they had to admit that his strange technique was indeed powerful, allowing him to become invisible. Furthermore, he had concealed his presence well, and they had not discovered him during this half a year.

"Divine Crows, did that person go far? Which direction did he go?" The middle-aged Fire Dao cultivator asked.

"I went far, far away." With that, the Divine Crow flapped its wings and flew in the direction in which Chen Xiang had escaped at an extremely fast speed.

Chen Xiang, who was sprinting, sensed that something was following behind him. He turned around and was shocked in his heart, "This lousy crow can actually fly, and at such a fast speed?"

"Broken bird, why are you following me?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Make sure you didn’t go too far." The Heavenly spirit crow said.

"Why can you fly?" Chen Xiang asked again.

"Secrets, secrets." The Heavenly spirit crow’s voice carried a tinge of laughter.

Chen Xiang really wanted to capture the Heavenly spirit crow, but he would definitely be infuriated.

Chen Xiang ran frantically for a few hours before the Heavenly spirit crow returned.

"It’s all the fault of this damn bird." Chen Xiang spat.

Chen Xiang had already returned to the location where he had found the Dragon wolf, and had secretly glanced at the map. Even though it was only a glance, it was still imprinted in his mind.

"Looks like we can only walk on the path of Dragon wolf. The Dragon wolf did not catch up either, scaring them so much that they ran away."

Chen Xiang rested for a long time, then started to move. He was still holding onto the Six Realms mirrors, planning to hide inside it once he met with a situation.

Chen Xiang madly rushed for a while, but did not meet any Dragon wolf, and entered a very hot ancient forest.

"Senior Sword Spirit, why can that broken bird fly?" Chen Xiang had never been able to understand it. This book came from 17K, the first thing he did was to look at the true content of the book!