Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

After entering the depths of the forest, Chen Xiang realized that there were not only Dragon wolf s, but also dragons, lions, dragons and tigers .... They were all savage beasts which possessed the primordial dragon’s dao energy and there were many of them.

The Dragon wolf he had encountered before was relatively weak.

Originally, Chen Xiang wanted to kill a Dragon Ape, but the Dragon Ape was very strong. Even with his Nine Heavens Divine Bow, he was unable to pierce through it, and his position was also detected by the Dragon Ape. If not for the fact that he was fast, he would definitely have been injured by the Dragon Ape.

"These savage beasts with the Origin Stones are truly terrifying." Chen Xiang was finally free from the dragon ape’s chase and heaved a sigh of relief.

He had been chased for an entire month.

"There are already many strong fellows hidden in the Divine Wasteland. This kind of savage beast is only the tip of the iceberg. I guess there must be something even more terrifying hidden in that Myriad Tao Mausoleum." The sword spirit said.

Chen Xiang was currently resting and was chased continuously for a month. He was extremely tired and there were a few times where he was almost hit by the dragon ape behind him.

"Not only is this guy powerful, he also possesses extremely high intelligence. That Dragon Ape in particular was actually able to detect me. After chasing me for so long, it wants to exhaust my stamina." When Chen Xiang thought about it again, he still had a lingering fear.

Now he finally understood why the people from Fire Path and Sword Truth were so afraid of Dragon wolf. They also made a wise decision to not pass through this forest, otherwise, their entire group would have been killed by this kind of savage beast.

If Chen Xiang did not have the Counter Power, he would not dare approach.

As he rested, he thought back to the map he had seen earlier.

"According to this speed, I can probably reach Myriad Tao Mausoleum in a year ... I wonder where they got this map from, and whether they can really go to that Myriad Tao Mausoleum or not. " Chen Xiang also did not ask Tai Shangzhen.

But he was certain that there were several maps on this map. Otherwise, it would be impossible for the Heavenly Dao, the Dao of Fire, and the Dao of the Sword to share this map with each other.

Thinking about it, Chen Xiang suddenly felt that someone had intentionally sent them a map.

"Could there be a trick to this?" Chen Xiang told the sword spirit his thoughts.

"I’m not sure about that, but I know that there really are some things hidden within this region. This is what the Sword Daofather told me." The sword spirit said, "Just go to the location marked on the map ..." If there was really someone who gave them a map, they would definitely want to go to this level as well. However, the three great paths still chose to go to this place, so the upper echelons of the three great paths must know some things. "

Chen Xiang nodded, then entered the You Yao Mountain Villa to search for something inside a Dragon wolf’s body, but he couldn’t find it.

"To think that these things do not have beast cores." Chen Xiang was very surprised. "How come such a strong beast doesn’t have an Orb?"

"Could it be that the flesh of these savage beasts are extremely powerful?" Chen Xiang cut a piece of wolf meat and roasted it with flames.

He roasted it for less than an hour, but the meat still looked raw, and he immediately strengthened the flame.

Two hours had passed and Chen Xiang had finally cooked this piece of meat.

"I can even concoct a batch of pills by roasting this piece of meat." After Chen Xiang took a bite of the wolf meat, he could not help but exclaim in admiration.

"It’s very delicious. I thought the wolf meat was very hard and old, but I didn’t expect it to be so tender after being roasted." Chen Xiang immediately took big bites, he regretted not roasting that much just now.

After eating the wolf meat, his entire body felt warm, and a wave of heat flowed through his body, as if some kind of energy was drilling into his flesh.

"This savage beast meat really does contain a powerful energy. After eating it, I feel much more energetic. There are still signs of my body strengthening." Chen Xiang cut off a few pieces of the larger meat to roast. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

At this time, the sword spirit also ran out.

"You can eat too." Chen Xiang laughed, lured out by the Sword Spirit from Chen Xiang’s words just now.

"I am also a human now, alright? I have already become a human, so I’m no different from a human now." The sword spirit took a piece of meat and placed it on top of Chen Xiang’s Chuangshi god furnace, roasting it.

After the roasting was done, they all began to gobble down the meat, praising the deliciousness of the meat.

"Could it be that even a savage beast with Primordial Dao of Dragon Energy is so delicious?" Chen Xiang actually felt full right now. It had been a long time since he had felt this way because of eating food.

"It’s possible. You can hunt more of them." The sword spirit laughed and then entered the Heavenly magic sword.

Chen Xiang didn’t dare do it now. He had almost been killed by the Dragon Ape earlier, if he met someone stronger than the Dragon Ape, he would be in trouble.

If he could fly, or use the power of space to teleport, he would not be afraid.

After eating the Dragon wolf meat, Chen Xiang’s stamina had more or less recovered, and he walked according to the map.

He couldn’t fly, and couldn’t use the power of space either. Chen Xiang could only run around, and when he was tired, he would rest. After he rested, he would continue to run.

Although it was boring, Chen Xiang could still endure it. Unknowingly, he had been running madly within this forest for almost half a year.

Of the Dragon wolf that he had hunted previously, only one was left.

"This forest is truly huge. There are even more powerful savage beasts here..." And when I come back, I’m going to walk again. " Chen Xiang had already walked out of the forest, and when he looked back from the desert, he sighed.

In the past half year, he had encountered many savage beasts, and they were the kind that absorbed the Eternal Dragon Dao Energy. However, he didn’t dare to provoke them.

Those savage beasts were either numerous or extremely vigilant. When they sensed the slightest movement, they would either attack him immediately or flee without a trace.

Some even spotted him in the distance, then immediately rushed over at extreme speed.

"We still have a long way to go." Chen Xiang walked for a little more than half a day, until he could no longer see the forest behind him.

The scorching sun was extremely hot. As he walked, it was as if he was in a furnace. Even though he was extremely strong in terms of cultivation and flames, he was drenched in sweat from head to toe.

"No way, what the hell is this place." Chen Xiang sat on top of the hot sand, and felt a scorching heat coming from below, as if it was a red-hot piece of iron.

"As expected of one of the dangerous areas in the Divine Wasteland, it’s scary indeed. I’ve never been here before, but you can run so far by yourself, you can be considered very outstanding." The sword spirit came out from the Heavenly magic sword and looked around, exclaiming.

Chen Xiang rested for a bit, then continued to rush forward. In the desert, the consumption was ten times more than in the forest.

Two hours later, he suddenly stopped because he saw something in front of him.

"That is... The city walls. The city walls are very tall. " Chen Xiang stared ahead and could not help but shout in alarm, "Could it be Myriad Tao Mausoleum?" This book came from 17K, so the first thing he did was to look at the original content!