Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was not sure if that was the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, because it was not the place where the map indicated the end point. There was still a long way to go until the end point.

However, he still immediately flew over.

As he got closer, he was sure that it was the city wall. He also saw the huge city gate.

The city wall was over a hundred zhang tall and was made out of the color of earth. It looked like it was made out of sand, and the huge black city gate was tightly shut.

"I wonder if there’s anyone inside." Chen Xiang was not far from the city now. In order to quickly investigate the situation, he increased his speed.

Not long after, he arrived at the entrance of the city. There was actually a small door here, and at the entrance stood two mighty guards in golden armor. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Chen Xiang walked over and greeted them, but they stood there motionlessly, not even blinking or rolling their eyes, as though they were statues that did not move an inch.

The door was very small, it was only enough for one person to pass through. Chen Xiang shouted a few times, but the two golden-armoured guards did not react, as he walked in.

He had thought that he would have to give something to the city gate, but he did not think that he would have to give anything else to the city gate.

"This... There is actually a city here. " After Chen Xiang walked in, he saw a wide street filled with shops on both sides.

It was just like the cities that Chen Xiang often saw, where many people were shouting and doing business. Many people were bargaining, and groups of people were shopping around as they chatted.

It looked to be a city of ordinary people, but Chen Xiang knew that the people inside were not ordinary. The moment he entered, he felt a strong aura pouncing on him.

He saw that the people walking on the streets were all around tenth place of Dao God realm, and all of them were extremely powerful.

"What kind of city is this?"

Chen Xiang walked into the crowd and arrived in front of a stall. He asked a relatively idle and seemingly very good-natured old man about the matters inside.

"Old grandpa, what kind of city is this? This is my first time coming to this city." Chen Xiang said. There were guards wearing gold armor at the entrance of the city, but other people were allowed to enter and exit, meaning that the city was not exclusive to outsiders.

This is the Myriad Tao City. Lad, did you come here alone? The old man laughed.

"Yes, old grandpa, you are very free anyways, can you tell me about what happened here?" Chen Xiang walked to the side of the old man and sat down.

"Of course you can. I’ve met many people like you." The elder was selling a small statue which had the shapes of savage beasts carved on it. Zhang Xuan didn’t know what its uses were.

"The Myriad Tao City is very close to the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. In these many years, many people came here for the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, but were unable to enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. After a long time, this city was established, and all the experts of different paths were present ... So it can be said that the strong are as common as the clouds here. " The old man said.

"Really?" Chen Xiang was surprised, he had heard that when the experts of the Great Way of the Buddha reached a certain level of strength, they would be summoned to the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. If they were unable to enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, then it was very possible that they were all in this place.

"Of course it’s true. It’s just that these experts usually don’t come out very often. Unless something big happens, or the mausoleum has some movement, they will only appear." The old man said again.

"That’s right, grandpa. Did a group of people come earlier?" Chen Xiang wanted to see if the people from Fire Dao and Sword Dao had entered.

"There are two batches. The first batch of people who came here heard that it’s called the Heavenly Dao, and the second batch is called the Sword Dao or the Fire Dao. He was already old enough to still call others old fellows. From this, it could be seen how old those old fellows were.

Chen Xiang was full of doubts in his heart. He felt that his speed was already fast, and it was not even taking shortcuts, but it was actually faster than fire and sword paths.

This was because both the Fire Path and Sword Truth would encounter savage beasts along the way. Thus, their group would definitely be much slower in terms of speed.

"What method did those guys use to get here before me?" Chen Xiang didn’t understand.

"When did they come?" Chen Xiang asked again.

"Yesterday, the Heavenly Dao just entered at noon. In the afternoon, it will be Fire Dao and Sword Dao."

It actually came on the same day, which surprised Chen Xiang, because the Heavenly Dao had appeared very early. He felt that the time the Heavenly Dao had come should be relatively normal.

As for the path of fire and the path of the sword, they were clearly much faster, so those who were able to walk the path of fire arrived together.

"Old grandpa, how do we survive here?" Chen Xiang felt that he would definitely stay here for a period of time, and also asked him how he could muddle through it.

"This... But what is used here is not the low grade Dao Stones like yours, it is the Dao crystal s that are needed. " The old man laughed.

"So it’s like that." Chen Xiang was glad that he did not earn too many Spirit Stones previously, otherwise, he would be useless here.

He felt that those sect heavyweights would definitely be very depressed because they all had a lot of Dao stones in their hands, but they were currently unable to use them.

"Are the Dao stones useless here?" Chen Xiang asked again, he had some Dao Stones on hand, he wanted to see if there were any Myriad Tao Divine Stele so he could exchange it for some power of law to cultivate.

"It’s completely useless. The Myriad Tao Divine Stele here does not recognize any Dao Stones." The old man said.

"There’s also the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele, who’s controlling it?" Chen Xiang wanted to ask before.

"Who controlled the Myriad Tao Divine Stele ... I can’t say for sure, but it’s just being controlled by someone. " As the old man spoke, he picked up the small statues of the Barbarian Beast and said, "There is a little power of law in these small toys. They are all extracted from the bodies of the original Dragon beast.

Chen Xiang understood a little about the Primordial Dao of Dragon Energy, he had only eaten a few pieces of the Dragon wolf’s meat before, he never thought that he would be able to extract the Primordial Dao of Dragon Energy from it.

"I thought you were selling some small stuff, old grandpa. I didn’t expect you to be so amazing. Then old grandpa you must also be an animal hunter." Chen Xiang asked.

"I used to be one, but I’m old now. That’s why I only take back the animal bones that others don’t want, and sell them bit by bit. It can maintain my life." The old man said.

Chen Xiang was glad he did not eat the last Dragon wolf, because that would sell him for a Dao crystal.

"Old grandpa, I encountered a kind of Dragon wolf before. If I were to kill a Dragon wolf, I can probably sell it for a lot." Chen Xiang asked again.

"The Dragon wolf... They are relatively weaker Dragon beast, which can be sold for around five thousand Dao crystal. " The old man said.

After that, Chen Xiang chatted with the old man for a while. The old man told Chen Xiang where the Heavenly Dao, Sword Dao, Fire Dao and other people went, and they actually went to the vicinity of the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele.

Chen Xiang immediately rushed over, at the same time, he asked along the way where he could sell Dragon beast s, and he found it near the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele.