Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"Senior Tai, let’s go!" Chen Xiang wanted to drag Tai Shangzhen to have a drink.

But Tai Shangzhen rejected it, he shook his head, he wanted to keep it.

Chen Xiang guessed that there were people from their three main roads in this city, they would definitely come to pick them up after a while. After all, their strength was considered quite good here.

Chen Xiang already had a Dao crystal, and there was also the Myriad Tao Divine Stele. He walked to the counter and asked: Manager, how much is the power of law here?

"Different Law Energies have different prices. The rarer Law Energies are, the more expensive they are." The manager said.

"So it’s like that! "Then how much are the flight Laws and the Space Laws sold for?" Chen Xiang asked again.

"This is too expensive, the flight and spatial laws are both part of the rare power of law, only with a hundred million Dao crystal can one buy a Law beads!" The shopkeeper had just bought one of Chen Xiang’s Dragon wolf, but there were only a few thousand.

"So expensive!" Chen Xiang’s face was full of shock. After selling the Dragon wolf, he had a new understanding of it.

Actually, we don’t earn much either. I also need to consume a large amount of Dao crystal s to extract the power of law from the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele, which would require me to use up more than 9,500 Myriad Tao Crystals. Furthermore, it will take a relatively long time, and we can even help to refine the purest power of law.

The shopkeeper took out a Law beads and said: "This is a Fire rule beads, it’s relatively cheaper. One Myriad Tao Crystal for one."

Chen Xiang now understood that there were very few Dao crystal in his possession, it was only enough for him to eat something here or stay in a hotel.

"Then how effective can this Law beads be?" Chen Xiang thought for a while, then asked.

"Law beads formed by the Myriad Tao Divine Stele are usually used to cultivate Rule Dao line. After obtaining the Rule Dao line, the Tao power produced by the Dao god soul can be converted into the power of law through the Rule Dao line."

Chen Xiang nodded his head, although he could use the power of space, the laws of space he grasped were not suitable for use here, so he could not use the power of space.

"If you want to cultivate a Rule Dao line, it usually requires a thousand of them ..." The manager said.

A hundred pills, Chen Xiang took a deep breath, this required a lot of Dao crystal, especially Rare Principle.

Cultivating Rule Dao line, the most important thing was to cultivate well on the basic dao channels, and now that Chen Xiang’s basic dao channels had been cultivated well, he needed Law beads to cultivate on the second dao vein, and the second Rule Dao line needed to have a good foundation, otherwise he would not be able to condense third.

In other words, he would be stuck at the Dao God Stage for a long period of time!

"Actually... If one only uses normal Law beads, it would still be very easy to cultivate. A majority of people start with the most normal Law beads to refine and train their Rule Dao line, this is all to quickly raise their cultivation to the Tai Dao realm, because the Tai Dao realm can gain even stronger strength. " The shopkeeper said: "In any case, we can change to cultivate other Rule Dao line."

Chen Xiang nodded, if he wanted to train spatial Rule Dao line right now, he would need a lot of them.

If he wanted to reach the Tai Dao realm quickly, he would definitely not do so. After all, if he cultivated the Spirit of the Dao gods, he would be even stronger.

"What’s the cheapest Law beads?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Water Law beads, three thousand one pellet!" The manager said.

never thought that the difference between the two would be so huge. The cheapest Law beads only had three thousand and the most expensive one was only able to reach a hundred million!

"Of course, I recommend that you get all the fire or thunder you can. This way, you can be more aggressive and stronger. Only then can you quickly earn Dao crystal s." The manager said.

Fire rule beads s were also worth ten thousand, and a hundred of them was equivalent to a hundred Myriad Tao Crystals.

Of course, this was also the way many people did things.

Tai Shangzhen walked over and said: "Chen Xiang, it’s more worthwhile for you to cultivate your Rule Dao line here. If you were to use Dao Stones in other places, it would take even longer.

The shopkeeper said: "Of course, if it’s those low rank Myriad Tao Divine Stele, the Law beads would need thousands upon thousands of beads to cultivate it. Even worse, tens of thousands, or even hundreds of thousands."

Tai Shangzhen also nodded his head: "We only need a hundred pills here, it will greatly shorten the time."

"Alright, looks like I have to go and earn the Dao crystal." Chen Xiang said, after greeting Tai Shangzhen, he walked out.

He was strolling outside to see if there was any pill shop here. If he could exchange his pills for Dao crystal, then he wouldn’t have to take the risk to hunt them.

Dragon beast s were very strong, even though he had many methods, he still had to take risks, not to mention that he could not use Spatial Force right now.

When he was chased by the Dragon Ape earlier, he had already felt the terror of Dragon beast s. If not as a last resort, he did not want to face those strong Dragon beast s.

Chen Xiang only inquired about a little before he found out about the pill shop here. This made him very happy.

However, when he arrived at the pill shop, he couldn’t help but sigh. This pill shop was simply too deserted.

"Old granny, why is this medicine store so deserted?" Are the pills here hard to sell? " Chen Xiang walked in and asked. The pill shop looked very simple and crude.

The old granny sighed, "Isn’t it so... The people here mainly cultivate Rule Dao line, many of the Dao crystal that they earn are used to buy Law beads, to cultivate their Rare Principle, and the use of medicinal pellets is also only used for healing! "

"Don’t you have any healing pills here?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No, we only have some strange pills here. They don’t have much use, I’m just here to make them out of boredom. If you need any pills, you can go to the southern part of the city near the city wall. There is a street there, mainly for selling pills." The old granny laughed, "Child, you have just arrived at Myriad Tao City, right?"

Chen Xiang nodded, he did not know about this.

Just as he was about to leave the shop, a woman in a red dress suddenly walked in. Her body exuded a faint fragrance, and a sweet smile hung on her face, revealing two enchanting dimples.

Seeing Chen Xiang looking at her, the woman’s jade-like face blushed, then she lowered her head and spat. She was often looked at like that, so she was already used to it.

But for some reason, when she was looked at by Chen Xiang, she couldn’t help but blush.

"Grandma, I’m back!" The woman hurriedly walked to the counter and shouted.

"How did you do?" It seems that he has definitely passed the examination! " The old granny smiled benevolently. She could also see the peculiarity in her granddaughter.

"I did pass, but... But my sister doesn’t think it’s right for me to go to her for help yet. " Seeing that Chen Xiang had not left, she asked: "Who is this?"

"This lady, what test are you talking about?" Alchemist assessment? " Chen Xiang smiled and asked. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"No... It’s just that it’s very difficult to cultivate flowers and plants, and I can’t learn alchemy. But elder sister learned very well, she’s a rather famous Alchemist in the city right now. " The woman spoke of her elder sister with a face full of pride.