Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Child, you seem to be very interested in refining pills? Are you also a Alchemist? " The old granny asked with a smile.

"Yes, my cultivation is very low, killing Dragon beast to earn more Dao crystal is also dangerous, I just happen to know how to refine pills, so I came here to see if I can find a job to refine pills." Chen Xiang said.

The red dressed lady immediately looked at Chen Xiang with adoration. "You’re really amazing, you look very young, and you can even learn alchemy!"

"I just know a little." Chen Xiang said humbly.

"Sijing, why don’t you take him to your sister’s shop and ask if you can help him find a job." The old granny said.

"En!" The girl called Sijing immediately nodded her head in agreement, then walked over to Chen Xiang’s side.

"My name is Chen Xiang, hello Sijing!" Chen Xiang laughed.

Sijing flushed red and said in a low voice, "Mn!"

Chen Xiang followed her out of the shop and headed towards the southern city wall.

Along the way, they chatted a lot, and Chen Xiang got to know her better. She was called Jiang Sijing, and her elder sister was called Jiang Simei.

What made Chen Xiang surprised was that they were actually twins. Her elder sister looked exactly the same as her, but her personality was a little different.

"I’m so stupid. My sister can learn alchemy, but I can’t. I only know how to grow plants." Jiang Sijing said in a low voice, feeling somewhat inferior to her.

"That’s nothing. Many experts don’t know how to refine pills and everyone has their own strengths. If you know how to plant plants, then it means that you’re very good at cultivating medicinal plants. This is also quite good." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Chen Xiang, you said that you are only at the first level of the Dao God Realm, but you can refine pills! "Truly amazing, my sister started refining pills when she was only at the Dao God Stage, and only learned when she was at the third level of the Dao God Stage. Now that she has the tenth place of Dao God realm, she has quite a bit of reputation." Jiang Sijing said.

"Then are you also a tenth place of Dao God realm?" Chen Xiang asked, he did not expect these girls to be so powerful.

"Of course I’m also at the 10th level. If my cultivation is surpassed by my elder sister, I will die from laughter." Jiang Sijing stuck his tongue out at Chen Xiang and laughed.

Very quickly, Chen Xiang and her arrived at a street near the city wall. There were indeed pill stores here, and the competition was fierce.

He and Jiang Sijing arrived at a small shop with three floors. As soon as they arrived at the entrance, they heard the woman yell, "Those who don’t buy medicinal pellets, f * ck off, don’t take all the crap, if you don’t f * * k off, this old lady will cut all of your eggs!"

Hearing that, Chen Xiang’s legs could not help but shiver, because the woman’s voice was also extremely cold.

A large group of people rushed out.

"Chen Xiang, you don’t have to be afraid. That’s my sister, she won’t do anything to you." Jiang Sijing laughed softly.

"This... Is she really your sister? Or twins? " Chen Xiang was startled, Jiang Sijing’s personality was already good, she was gentle like water, like a lady from a noble family, and the one inside ...

"Alright!" Chen Xiang nodded.

After he followed Jiang Sijing in, he saw a lady dressed in grey standing behind the counter. Her hair was messy, with a big braid hanging on her chest, and her arms were crossed in front of her chest, her face cold.

Her face was exactly the same as Jiang Sijing’s, but her demeanor and attire were completely different. Chen Xiang had wanted to ask Jiang Sijing how he could differentiate between the two of them before, but there was no need to ask now.

"Sijing, what are you doing back here? Didn’t you say to go to Grandma’s? " When Jiang Simei saw her sister, her expression softened, but when she saw Chen Xiang standing beside Jiang Sijing, her beautiful jade face immediately sunk, and was covered in frost.

"Elder sister, what happened just now? "Why are you so angry!" Jiang Sijing hurriedly walked over, held her sister’s arm, and stroked her sister’s messy hair.

"I’m so pissed off. A bunch of bastards only know how to brag all day and not buy any pills, yet they’re still f * cking making a bet here, causing this place to be extremely smelly." Jiang Simei walked out of the counter and stood in front of Chen Xiang.

"Sijing, how did you end up with that stinking man? Didn’t Big Sister tell you before that this kind of man doesn’t have any good things, especially this kind of face. " Jiang Simei reprimanded.

"Grandma told me to bring him to find you. He said that he’s from Alchemist and wants to find a job here to earn Dao crystal s." Jiang Sijing stood at the side. Towards Chen Xiang’s actions of "Calm down", she was worried that Chen Xiang would be angry because of her sister’s rude remarks.

Chen Xiang was not angry, he had seen this kind of woman before, she was as violent as he was in the past.

"He knows how to refine pills? What cultivation level? No matter how I look at it, he is just a Rule Dao line, so he shouldn’t be at the first level of the Dao God Stage right? " Jiang Simei walked around Chen Xiang and said.

After all, it was her grandmother who had called him over, so she didn’t dare to kick Chen Xiang out immediately.

"This... Can someone at the first level of the Dao God Stage concoct pills? " Chen Xiang said.

"Did I say no? If you really know how to, then in my eyes, you are much more useful than those smelly men from the tenth place of Dao God realm. " Jiang Simei said.

"I can refine pills, but at the moment, I only have control over the forging of low-grade pills ..." For example, Jinyuan Dao Dan. " Chen Xiang said: "Do you have a Jinyuan Dao Dan here?"

"Of course there is. Give me a cauldron. As long as it can be refined, you will be mine." Jiang Simei patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder and smiled domineeringly.

Chen Xiang was a little speechless, this kind of woman was so much more brutal than Leng Youlan!

Chen Xiang took out the Chuangshi god furnace s and the Jinyuan Dao Dan s’ medicinal ingredients. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"Follow me in and train in the secret room!" Jiang Simei said: "Don’t worry, I won’t send you up."

Chen Xiang thought, if he was set on by such a woman, he would not lose too.

Jiang Sijing followed her into a private room. She wanted to see if Chen Xiang could concoct pills, although she and Chen Xiang had just met, she had a strange good impression of Chen Xiang. The most important thing was that Chen Xiang was good-looking, knew how to concoct pills, and he was easy to talk to.

Chen Xiang sat on the ground and looked at the twins, who looked exactly the same but had very different personalities.

"Jiang Simei, Jiang Sijing, the beautiful scenery is exactly what this pair of twins wanted to name themselves!" Chen Xiang thought in his heart.

He was already very familiar with refining Jinyuan Dao Dan and could finish it in a very short period of time. With his current speed, he could finish it in two hours.

"Lovely ..."

The moment Chen Xiang said these two words, Jiang Simei immediately shouted out, "Just call me Boss, don’t call me that softhearted bastard who sounds so unbefitting of a name!"

"Ah... Boss, how’s the business here? " Chen Xiang suddenly wanted to laugh, now he understood why Jiang Simei’s character was like that, it was very possible that it was because of his name.