Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Jiang Sijing grew up here, and the speed at which she was earning Dao crystal was extremely fast, especially for a cultivator like Chen Xiang.

"You’re really awesome. You managed to refine nearly a hundred batches in three days!" Although Jiang Sijing did not open her eyes when she was cultivating, she knew that Chen Xiang had used a unique pill refining technique. Flames shot out from her eyes as she refined the pill, and when she saw it, she was very surprised.

When she saw Chen Xiang concocting 100 batches of pills in a row, she got used to it.

"Come, let’s go look for your sister!" Chen Xiang brought the refined Jinyuan Dao Dan and Jiang Sijing outside.

"How many have been refined?" Jiang Simei asked. At this time, she closed the shop’s door, and now that the sky was about to brighten, she would open the door.

"The medicinal herbs that you gave me are all completed!" Chen Xiang laughed.

"This... Is this for real? " Jiang Simei was startled, he immediately took the jade box and opened it, taking a look, he took a deep breath.

"Awesome!" Jiang Simei could not help but exclaim in admiration, then nodded and smiled at Chen Xiang: "It’s really too wasteful of you to only refine Jinyuan Dao Dan with this kind of ability."

"Sis, Chen Xiang is qualified to be a big boss again, right?" Jiang Sijing laughed.

"Of course. Many of the old pompous fellows on this street aren’t even fit to carry shoes for him." Jiang Simei said, then patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder: "I’ll sell it later, you go and rest first, that’s my room."

Chen Xiang yawned and laughed: "I’m not too tired right now, I need to finish refining the herbs in my hands, I’m also lacking Dao crystal, I want to quickly cultivate and produce more Rule Dao line."

"That’s right, your current cultivation level is still very low, you should hurry up and increase it." Jiang Simei nodded.

... ....

Chen Xiang returned to the pill refining room and unceasingly refined Jinyuan Dao Dan. He refined 4000 pills in a month and used his own ingredients. He did not need to buy any of them, as he could get a lot of Dao crystal.

"Twelve Myriad Tao Crystals. You have eighty-four thousand and the rest are for me and my sister." Although Jiang Simei did not get much, but she was happy. She could earn close to twenty thousand every month, if they were to stay together, it would already be great if she had a few thousand.

Chen Xiang couldn’t help but admire Jiang Simei. In just a day’s time, she had sold all four thousand Jinyuan Dao Dan.

Previously, the Jinyuan Dao Dan was twenty-five, but it had now risen to thirty.

"Only eighty thousand can be exchanged for eight Fire rule beads." Chen Xiang sighed: "I need a hundred pills right now."

"Alright, one year is more or less enough. According to this, you will be able to cultivate up to the remaining Rule Dao line and step into the tenth place of Dao God realm in more than ten years." Jiang Sijing said.

"Yeah, there are very few people here who can earn Eight Myriad Tao Crystals in a month. Of course, we have also gotten our attention now, because we have too many Jinyuan Dao Dan in our hands, but you don’t have to worry. In Myriad Tao City, those fellows who are jealous of us will not do anything that goes too far. " Jiang Simei crossed her arms across her chest, her face ice cold.

"Boss, did something bad happen?" Is it because of the Jinyuan Dao Dan? " Seeing that, Chen Xiang asked.

"Don’t worry, I will take care of this. Just don’t worry about refining pills." Jiang Simei patted Chen Xiang’s face.

Chen Xiang was just worried, Jiang Simei was just a tenth place of Dao God realm, there were a lot of Tai Dao realm here, after all, this was a place where strength reigned supreme.

"Boss, try this. I’ve told you before, after you eat it, you can quickly solidify your Dao Meridian." Chen Xiang said: "I call this one a Gumai Dan, it’s a high quality Heavenly Pellet, it’s just the kind that’s better than the high quality ones."

"Un, I’ll try it!" After Jiang Simei took the red pellet and swallowed it, his face slightly changed and was brimming with joy.

"The effects are pretty good. My tenth Rule Dao line has always been in an unstable state, making it harder for me to enter the Tai Dao realm. This pill can help me solve this problem." Jiang Simei said: "How much do you have left? I’d like to buy it from you. Five hundred Dao crystal pills. "

"This is worth five hundred Dao crystal?" Chen Xiang was a little surprised, because he felt that refining this kind of Gumai Dan was similar to refining Jinyuan Dao Dan s.

"Of course, I definitely wouldn’t be wrong. It’s worth this price." Jiang Simei said.

"There’s no need to be polite, I’ll give it to you!" Chen Xiang took out a dozen or so pills and handed them over, then said while grinning: "Boss, if you step into the Tai Dao realm soon, I’ll also be a bit more at ease."

"Bro, enough. Don’t call me boss from now on, mmm ..." Call me beautiful! " Jiang Simei smiled and replied. She liked to be straightforward.

"Hehe, right, stepping into the Tai Dao realm, I also need Jinyuan Dao Dan, right?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Yes, my current dao veins have been consolidated, but Jinyuan Dao Dan have always been insufficient, and I don’t know how much I need to eat. After all, I need to condense Spirit of the Dao gods now." Jiang Sijing said. Seeing that their relationship was getting better, she was happy.

"Then I’ll help you refine a kind of Jinyuan Dao Dan that should be able to help you all condense Spirit of the Dao gods and step into the Tai Dao realm."

Chen Xiang felt that Jinyuan Dao Dan that had been refined using Crash method would have a better effect, and would be helpful in breaking through.

... ....

In the following ten days, he refined twenty of the seven Crash s, and they were all of the highest quality.

She gave it to Jiang Simei and Jiang Sijing, letting them eat it.

Previously, when Jiang Simei ate the Gumai Dan, her Rule Dao line had already been consolidated and could begin condensing Spirit of the Dao gods s. The two sisters were in closed doors cultivation in the same room, while Chen Xiang was in the pill cultivating room.

"I can start refining the Gumai Dan diligently now. I can refine two pellets per furnace and refine five batches in two hours ... Refining eighty pellets in a day for sixteen hours would be equivalent to refining the Four Myriad Tao s Crystals! "

Chen Xiang calculated, even if he would give a bit to the twins, he was still very satisfied with this benefit.

He currently did not plan to cultivate Rare Principle, that was a matter of the ten billion Dao crystal, it would be fine if he could come back later when he had enough strength. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

This Myriad Tao City was still very big, and he was only at the edge. If he were to stay in the center of this bustling area, it would be very easy for him to earn a large amount of Dao crystal.

"Flying Rule Dao line, spatial Rule Dao line, I must get them." Chen Xiang felt that without these two, he could not even use those methods of his. It could be said that it would be difficult to take even a single step.

Ten days passed and Chen Xiang refined eight hundred Gumai Dan, he gave them to Jiang Simei.

Jiang Simei and Jiang Sijing also broke through to the Tai Dao realm, their strength increasing by a lot, especially Jiang Sijing, who was shockingly fast in maturing the medicinal ingredients, a lot faster than when Chen Xiang was using the World God’s Spring.