Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang and Jiang Simei were both people who would rather die than submit. Even if they were to take’s life, they would not give the other party a single Dao crystal.

"Do you dare to tell me where you’re from?" Jiang Simei clenched her jade fists and said while gnashing her teeth.

Her shop had mysteriously suffered a beating, and was about to be threatened to give her ten Myriad Tao Crystals. Since she was young, she had never encountered such an infuriating situation.

"Girl, who do you think you are? It’s just a Alchemist on the street, who would be afraid of you." The middle-aged leader sneered, "Are you going to give or not?"

"What? You dare to come and destroy my shop? Don’t you dare report your own home?" Jiang Simei said lowly, and at the same time, his ice-cold eyes carefully sized up these people.

Jiang Sijing hid behind Chen Xiang, not daring to speak. She was a woman who had always hoped to stay away from worldly affairs, this was the first time she had encountered such a violent thing.

"If you don’t give it to me, I will leave this shop for now. This broken shop of yours should be worth seven or eight Myriad Tao Crystals."

The middle-aged man looked at the shop and nodded his head in satisfaction. This was because there were still rooms and pill refining rooms inside, so it was rather spacious.

"What, you want to know our origins? Fine, I’ll tell you then, we are from the Black Tiger Stockaded Village, now you know how to be afraid." The middle-aged man had already taken out his weapon: "If you can’t take out the Ten Myriad Tao Crystals, then quickly scram. This shop is ours now."

Chen Xiang was also very angry at this moment. Seeing the ferocious veins on Chen Xiang’s tightly clenched fist, Jiang Simei knew that she was feeling the same way.

Just as Chen Xiang was about to attack, she suddenly felt her fist being held by a delicate jade hand. Jiang Simei held him tightly, and then, she shook her head at him. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"Let’s go." Jiang Simei anxiously brought Chen Xiang out of the shop.

After walking far away, only then did Chen Xiang snort. "Beautiful, with your personality, how could you allow this group of people to occupy our shop?"

"Right now, my strength is not enough, and they have so many people, and each of them is a Tai Dao realm, not to mention that there is a Black Tiger Stockaded Village behind them, if we were to offend them, and if the Black Tiger Stockaded Village finds out, it would be difficult for us to establish ourselves in the Myriad Tao City."

Jiang Simei said: "Don’t look at how I normally am. If I encounter something like this, I’ll still be extremely calm."

Jiang Sijing nodded his head, "Elder Brother Shen, Black Tiger Stockaded Village is very strong. We don’t have any background, so we can only endure."

"I swear, I will definitely not let this bunch of bastards off easily. Black Tiger Stockaded Village, one day, I will definitely make them unable to even become dogs." Jiang Simei said fiercely.

Chen Xiang sighed: "Then you should tell me, who exactly is this Black Tiger Stockaded Village from, and I thought they were people from the Seven Great Villa and the Three Great Way."

"Although they are not one of the seven great villas and three great doors, they are related to one of the seven great villas. They are subsidiary powers of the Western Tiger Mountain Villa. Jiang Simei said: "This is what I am worried about, otherwise, even if I have to risk my life, I will castrate these bastards just now."

Jiang Sijing said in a low voice: "There are three evil dogs under the Western Tiger Mountain Villa, and the Black Tiger Stockaded Village is one of them, also known as the Black Dog Stronghold. As long as they don’t pay attention to us, we will be bitten by them, because these subsidiary strengths are often given to the Western Tiger Mountain Villa by Dao crystal, so they are protected, people like us who don’t have any strength are bullied, and we don’t have anywhere to say it."

"Alright, the next step is to raise our strength and destroy the entire Black Dog Stronghold." Chen Xiang said.

Chen Xiang and the two sisters came to the old granny’s shop.

"Grandmother." Once Jiang Sijing entered, he shouted happily.

"It’s rare for you two girls to come visit me." The grandma was very happy and laughed. "This child is also here. It seems that you two have gotten along quite well."

"Greetings old granny." Chen Xiang immediately bowed.

"Grandma, our shop has been robbed. We’ll stay here from now on." Jiang Simei sighed: "It’s all my fault, I accidentally ran over to Black Tiger Stockaded Village’s territory to do business."

When the old granny heard this, she was slightly shocked, but she quickly let Chen Xiang and the others in.

She was aware that Jiang Simei had refined the Gumai Dan, and now knew that it was.

"A big tree rouses the wind. However, this child is truly amazing. His alchemy skills are extraordinary and are destined to attract attention. However, we are not strong enough and you do not wish to rely on any other faction." The old granny said: "Although the Myriad Tao City looks orderly and orderly, but they are very dark in the dark, especially those powers."

"I know, but this is not the way. Chen Xiang’s pill techniques are so brilliant, his pill refining speed is so fast, sooner or later, this business will be huge." Jiang Simei sighed: "Don’t tell me that we really have to join some dog shit faction? The feeling of being under someone else is really not good, furthermore, if they see how skilled Chen Xiang is in pill refining, forcing him to teach them pill techniques, wouldn’t that be harming Chen Xiang?"

Jiang Sijing also nodded her head: "Elder sister is right, those big powers are able to produce many evil and small powers, they will definitely not do well. Elder Brother Shen’s cultivation is also low, when she sees Elder Brother Shen’s brilliant pill techniques, she will definitely want to take it for herself."

"I have an idea." Chen Xiang said: "We will not sell the Gumai Dan to individuals, we will sell it to the shops, and let them earn the Dao crystal. This way, Mei Mei will not have to work so hard to promote and sell the Gumai Dan, and will directly send the owners of the shops to take it."

This way, the shops that managed to earn Dao crystal s would also be very grateful to us. After a while, they would become very reliant on us, and at that time, even a vicious dog like the Black Tiger Stockaded Village would not dare to be arrogant towards us.

Jiang Simei listened and nodded, "This idea is not bad."

Jiang Sijing laughed: "Although elder sister has a bad temper, but she has gotten along well with the owner of that street, and should be able to get along with him."

The grandma smiled and said, "Smart child. But you should be more careful and not attract too much attention. Even if you sell a lot, you can’t say that you concocted those pills yourself. That way, no one would find it too strange."

"Un, I’ll go and concoct pills now. Beauty, contact the owner of that street well..." Or the shopkeepers from other shops, I will speed up my cultivation and provide them with sufficient supplies. " Chen Xiang said.

"Alright, I’ll go talk to my enemies in Black Tiger Stockaded Village’s medicine shop." Jiang Simei nodded.

Chen Xiang gave her some Gumai Dan and told her to give these Gumai Dan to the owners of the shops for free.