Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

If he could not sell the Dao crystal, Chen Xiang’s road to riches would be severed. He would definitely not allow this to happen, he had planned to cultivate 10 Rule Dao line here, so he needed to rely on the Dao crystal.

The old granny’s shop was rather large, and its secret chamber was not small as well. It was constructed underground and was extremely well-sealed.

Chen Xiang stood in this secret room, which was filled with over a hundred people, and pondered on how many Gumai Dan he could refine all of a sudden.

"We can probably put down a hundred Magic method furnace here, but we don’t know how long we’ll take to refine them." Chen Xiang looked at the little red fruits in the You Yao Mountain Villa. There were a lot of them, too, he had planted many of these fruits inside the You Yao Mountain Villa.

Jiang Sijing had also used her Earth Laws’ power to cultivate a lot. Basically, she would mature in three days, and the Gumai Dan’s medicine could be said to be endless.

"Alright, now that I don’t have to worry about the herbs, I’ll just use four fruits to make them. I guarantee that I will produce at least ten of them, and a hundred of them in a day will make a thousand. This speed can be considered very fast."

As long as he did not use the Crash method to refine pills, Chen Xiang could use the Dawan refining method to refine multiple pills at the same time.

Chen Xiang adjusted his condition for a bit, and then began refining. He released a hundred Magic method furnace, and placed four red fruits in each of them.

After that, he closed his eyes and controlled the hundred pill furnaces to start refining the Gumai Dan. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

From the very beginning, the process went smoothly. After all, the pill he concocted was a high-grade Heaven’s Path Pill, and the consumption was quite huge. Moreover, he was not used to it.

It had only been six hours, but Chen Xiang already felt that it was extremely strenuous. Simultaneously refining a hundred batches, his speed would also drop by a lot.

"According to this rate of progress, I should be able to finish it within six hours." Chen Xiang estimated that he could still rest for the remaining matters.

At the end, he already felt very tired, and it was almost time for him to reach the Core Formation stage.

"As long as I can endure it." Chen Xiang’s entire body was covered in sweat, his mind was in a mess and he wanted to fall down, but right now he could only rely on his will.

Congealing pellets might only require an hour, but to the current Chen Xiang, it was like several days.

"Finally." Chen Xiang took a deep breath, with a wave of his hand, he collected all the Magic method furnace s. Right now, the entire secret room was filled with dense red light spots, those were all Gumai Dan s.

He placed the Gumai Dan in a jade box and then immediately laid down on the ground to rest. He released the Primitive Tao Power from the Dao god soul to water his withered Divine Sense Sea, restoring his spirit.

In just two hours, he had become spirited. However, this was only his appearance. He was still rather tired.

When Chen Xiang came to the top, Jiang Simei had already returned.

"How is it going?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Right now, the fame of the Gumai Dan is not small. It can be sold for six hundred or seven hundred Dao crystal s per pellet. I have already talked it over with the owners. There are a total of twenty shops that are willing to cooperate with me and agree to protect me." Jiang Simei laughed: "It’s up to you to set the price."

"How about we sell five hundred Dao crystal s to them?" Chen Xiang said.

"Yes, this is also their psychological price." Jiang Simei nodded his head, "In ten days, you will probably have how much. We will give them the goods once every ten days."

"Ten days. Ten thousand pills." Chen Xiang smiled mysteriously.

To be able to refine 10,000 pills in ten days, both Jiang Sijing and Jiang Simei found this hard to believe. Even the knowledgeable and knowledgeable old granny had a face full of disbelief.

This was because Chen Xiang was concocting the pill alone. It would be more accurate if he had a hundred Alchemist s.

"Hehe, this is a secret, just tell the outside that we have a lot of Alchemist." Chen Xiang said.

"Alright, we don’t need the Dao crystal that we earned for the time being. We’ll help you buy the Law beads and raise it to the tenth place of Dao God realm first. Your current cultivation level is too low." Jiang Simei also believed in Chen Xiang.

"Then I won’t be polite. I do need to raise my cultivation." Chen Xiang laughed, then walked into the secret room.

Chen Xiang was resting inside the secret room.

"In ten days, I will be able to sell ten thousand Gumai Dan, which would amount to five hundred Myriad Tao Crystals. In total, I can exchange for five hundred Law beads, which is enough for me to form five Rule Dao line. Hehe."

When he thought about this, Chen Xiang became extremely excited. He never thought that the pills he could casually refine would actually bring him such a huge benefit.

He still needed to condense nine more Rule Dao line, and each dao vein would require a hundred Myriad Tao Crystals, and he would also need nine million.

If it was before, he felt that it would still take a long time to do it, but now, he could earn that much in less than a month.

, who was above, was even more excited. According to Chen Xiang’s pill refining speed, earning a thousand Myriad Tao Crystals in a month was not a problem at all.

Ten days later, Chen Xiang walked out of the secret room and gave Jiang Simei ten thousand Gumai Dan pills.

"In these ten days, I went to investigate. The demand for Gumai Dan s in the Myriad Tao City is still very high, especially for a lot of people with tenth place of Dao God realm s." Jiang Simei said: "And for those below tenth place of Dao God realm, there are a lot of people that need to quickly consolidate their dao veins, and also need this pill."

"In other words, Gumai Dan can sell for a long time."

Chen Xiang laughed: "Hmm, looks like I’ll be able to break through to the tenth place of Dao God realm very soon."

"That’s true. In the future, even if you manage to cultivate a rare Rule Dao line, it won’t be a problem. I’ve already spoken to them about it. Jiang Simei laughed.

"Then I’ll go rest first." Chen Xiang was not tired at the moment. He had gradually gotten used to refining continuously for ten days.

At the same time, Jiang Sijing was also in the secret room growing those red fruits. She had planted a lot of them to ensure that Chen Xiang was not lacking.

Chen Xiang did not refine any pellets in the secret basement, but was researching on how to refine higher quality Jinyuan Dao Dan.

The main purpose of the Jinyuan Dao Dan was to help the Tai Dao realm in its cultivation. If his Gumai Dan became hard to sell in the future, he would be able to obtain a new type of pill with good effects.

Two days later, Chen Xiang added one of the medicinal ingredients Tai Shangzhen had given him to the Jinyuan Dao Dan, refining a pellet of extremely high quality medicine that also had the characteristics of a Jinyuan Dao Dan.

"Let’s call it Tianhun gold Dan." Chen Xiang did not have the Dao god soul, so he did not know how much more effective he was than the Jinyuan Dao Dan, but he could guarantee that this was an upper-level Natural Law Dan, and that it would be easy to refine. More importantly, the amount of pills he could produce was very high, because it was refined with several types of ingredients that could concoct six pills in one furnace.

"Let Mei Mei and Sijing try." Chen Xiang walked out of the secret room.

"Here, 500 Myriad Tao Crystals." Jiang Simei threw a Storage bag to Chen Xiang as he laughed, "It’s only been ten days, and you’re already earning that much. This book came from 17K, so the first thing he did was to look at the original content!