Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The moment Chen Xiang opened his mouth, he asked for five hundred pills. Even Tai Shangzhen felt that Chen Xiang was joking, not to mention the people from the Fire Dao Sword Dao.

However, when Tai Shangzhen received the Storage bag from Chen Xiang, he was immediately stunned because there really were five hundred Myriad Tao Crystals inside.

Fire rule beads s were worth ten thousand each. Chen Xiang wanted five hundred pellets now, and according to the price, it would indeed be five million. But since he bought so many at once, he would definitely get a discount!

"This... Wait a moment, I’ll be right back! " Tai Shangzhen anxiously ran to the second floor and invited an old man. Chen Xiang had seen this old man last time and he was the shopkeeper who bought his Dragon wolf.

Hearing that there was such a big deal, the shopkeeper hurriedly walked down and picked up the Storage bag and took a deep breath.

"Five hundred Fire rule beads, right?" The manager asked again.

"Yes, how many benefits can there be? Senior Tai had said earlier that if you buy a lot at once, there will be a discount. " Chen Xiang laughed.

"I’ll return these fifty Myriad Tao Crystals to you, and only take four million five hundred thousand. I’ll give you a ten percent discount." The shopkeeper returned fifty Myriad Tao Crystals to Chen Xiang and ordered another five hundred Fire rule beads to be handed over.

After Chen Xiang received it, he took a glance at the fire middle-aged man who had mocked and ridiculed him just now. Although there was an expression of disbelief on his face, his eyes were filled with jealousy.

He could not understand why Chen Xiang had so many Dao crystal! They had spent a lot of time and effort to hunt a Dragon Ape, but they had only managed to obtain twenty Myriad Tao Crystals.

Chen Xiang was just a little brat, yet he could actually take out five million in one breath. With such a comparison, they were all a group of poor bastards, and had even belittled them earlier, when they thought of this, they really wanted to find a hole to hide in.

"There’s a rented practice room here?" I want to find a quiet and safe place to cultivate. Chen Xiang said. He had five hundred Fire rule beads s right now, but they were a large amount of wealth.

"Yes, I’ll give it to you for free!" I’ll take you there. " The storekeeper chuckled. Towards such a big client, his attitude was naturally very good.

Chen Xiang followed the shopkeeper up the stairs and into a quiet secret room. He did not know how long he would take to come out.

"I wonder if these Fire rule beads can be refined!" Chen Xiang took out one pellet and carefully examined it. These Law beads need to eat it in order to absorb the power of the Ancient Code.

"Try it, and you’ll know. If I can refine it, I might be able to cultivate a Rule Dao line with only a few Fire rule beads."

Chen Xiang took out the Chuangshi god furnace. He was still very confident in his own Heavenly Alchemy.

He placed a Fire rule beads into the Chuangshi god furnace and used the method of refining pills to refine it.

He had been injecting strong flames into the Law beads to burn and refine, wanting to split the power of the Ancient Code inside the Law beads and then use the Crash method.

However, the Fire rule beads was very strange, the flames could not even get close to it.

"Could it be because of the power of the laws inside the Fire rule beads? so the flames cannot get close to it? " Chen Xiang continued to use the Heavenly Alchemy to try and use multiple methods, but no matter what, the flames could not get close to the Law beads.

After tossing and turning for more than two hours, he took out the Fire rule beads. There was not even the slightest bit of heat on it.

"This is strange!" After Chen Xiang put away the Law beads, he closed his eyes and went to check the Heavenly Alchemy.

As his cultivation realm rose bit by bit, the contents of the Heavenly Alchemy that he was unable to comprehend before also began to become clearer and clearer.

He carefully read it twice from start to finish. Finally, he understood the method to refine the power of law.

"This kind of Law beads is also called a Law Pill, or a Great Dao Pill. It is equivalent to a formed pill, so it cannot be refined by pill refining."

Chen Xiang had read from new a change in Heavenly Alchemy, and after obtaining a huge harvest, he now had a direction and knew what to do.

After he ate a Law beads, the law of fire inside the Law beads gradually leaked out.

At this time, he controlled the overflowing Law of Fire to flow out of his body and pour into the Chuangshi god furnace.

"These Fire rule beads energies are the laws of the Divine Wasteland, they can be said to be of an even higher level than the laws of fire. As long as I use these laws of fire to cultivate these Rule Dao line, I can become compatible with my Dao god soul."

The Fire rule beads would melt when it entered the body, which was the same as a pill with a Spiritual God. From this, it could be seen that the quality of the Law beads was also very high.

Very quickly, the Chuangshi god furnace already possessed a large amount of the Fire Laws. Chen Xiang never thought that a very small bead would actually contain such a dense amount of the Laws.

"This is also very good. I don’t need to use fire to refine it. My previous method was really stupid." Chen Xiang laughed at himself and then split the power of the Ancient Code within the Chuangshi god furnace into eight balls, making a collision!

At the moment of impact, the pill furnace was calm and did not emit any sound!

After that, Chen Xiang started his second Crash ... It was only when he reached the Five Crash s that he found it hard to endure. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"It should be fine. I only used an hour from start to finish. I don’t know how much the quality will increase." Chen Xiang took out the Fire rule beads s that had gone through the Five Crash s.

After eating it, there was an unending stream of the Fire Laws flowing out. Chen Xiang immediately channeled his energy and absorbed it, merging it into the Divine Sense Sea and condensing his fire dao vein.

Very quickly, this Law beads was completely absorbed by Chen Xiang.

"Not bad, after the collision, this pill is equivalent to three pills. This effect is very good!" Originally, I was going to use 100 pills, but after I refined it, I only needed to eat 30 pills to condense the Fire Dao Meridian. " Chen Xiang was very satisfied with this result.

After discovering this, Chen Xiang planned to refine more of these, this way, he would only need to eat 270 pills to condense 9 Fire Dao Veins, at that time, he would only have a lot more left.

He continued refining the Fire rule beads. What he was looking forward to was, in the future, the Space Laws or Flight Laws and other kinds of rare laws and powers could also be refined using this method. At that time, he wouldn’t need to buy that much and he would be able to cultivate a rare Rule Dao line.

His speed was a little faster than before. Right now, he was eating all the pills and cultivating at the same time, but even so, he was still able to refine more than twenty pills in a day, which was about a month’s time. He estimated that he would be able to reach tenth place of Dao God realm in about a month’s time.

In just a day’s time, he had cultivated a Dao meridian in fire, and in addition to his previous Dao meridian, he now had two.

Just as he had expected, he only ate thirty refined Law beads and broke through.

In order to break through to the tenth place of Dao God realm in one go, he asked Tai Shangzhen to send a message to him, telling him that he would be staying in closed door cultivation for a month, and that he would need to ask the owners of the shops to wait.