Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 271 - Taoyuan Grand Meeting

------------

Lu Jie’s swollen body was lying on the ground, but he was not yet dead. He was glaring at Chen Xiang, and the look in his eyes was saying he could not wait to kill Chen Xiang. However, he currently didn’t have any strength to do so.

Chen Xiang fiercely stamped on his knee and directly broke it, making Lu Jie release yet another desolate blood-curdling scream.

"Don’t you like to force others to kneel? I’ll make you kneel yet unable to kneel!" While speaking, Chen Xiang once again broke off his other knee. The onlookers felt their scalp tingle while witnessing such brutal means, those True Disciples accompanying Lu Jie before could not help but retreat far away. Not long ago, Ying Qilai flew away just from a fist of Chen Xiang, and now, they did not want to be the victim of that absurd punch of Chen Xiang.

"Chen Xiang... you mongrel, you’ll definitely not have a good death... don’t think you can kill me! Let me tell you, the elders and the Dean are optimistic about me...I have three pulse constitution, my talent..."

Before he could finish, Chen Xiang began laughing as he took out the Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade. He placed it above Lu Jie’s neck then chopped down. Everyone was shaken as they started to have goose bumps. Lu Jie was indeed someone with pretty good talent, they knew that if this kind of disciple was killed, the Dean would definitely get mad.

But so what? Chen Xiang could overwhelmingly kill him, and it was quite clear that Chen Xiang was more talented than him. Would the Extreme Martial Sect cripple Chen Xiang? Impossible, not to mention both of them were having a life and death battle, no one could object Chen Xiang’s actions.

Yun Xiaodao and the others felt like they had lived like a dog all these years. Originally, they had the same strength as Chen Xiang, but now, the difference between them and Chen Xiang was like heaven and earth. Thinking of this, they could not help but hasten their return to the King Martial Courtyard and start working hard in cultivation.

Chen Xiang incinerated Lu Jie’s body on the spot. He had already sensed Gu Dongchen and Wu Kaiming watching from distance, but since they did not come to stop, it was clear that they acquiesced with his approach.

After entering the Extreme Martial Mysterious Realm, Chen Xang was pulled by Wu Kaiming into his residence, where Gu Dongchen too was present.

"Young Martial Uncle, your body is actually so strong! Just with your flesh, you should be able to ram a 4th level True Martial Realm martial artist to the ground!" Gu Dongchen exclaimed.

"That is already a given. Your uncle had suffered too much for this, and to tell you the truth, your uncle’s body is currently in the 5th level of the Immortal and Devil Body!" Chen Xiang sat on the chair and very proudly spoke. In front of his martial nephews, of course he must be awe-inspiring, lest they look down upon him. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Hearing Chen Xiang’s words, Gu Dongchen almost dropped the tea cup in his hand. He looked at Chen Xiang with eyes filled with wonder, and the same was true for Wu Kaiming; his two pair of old eyes were wide open as they stared at Chen Xiang.

Gu Dongchen could only sigh, even his master did not have such a monstrous talent as Chen Xiang’s.

"Right, where did that little girl disappeared to? I miss her very much." Chen Xiang asked. Elder Dan had not appeared, and this made him very much think of her.

"Junior Sister, she often go into closed-door training. Her whereabouts are generally erratic, almost everyone know about this." Gu Dongchen replied.

Wu Kaiming said, "Young Martial Uncle, did you not find something different?"

Chen Xiang thought before he shook his head and said, "What is it? I did not find anything."

"There are not many inner sect disciples, especially True Disciples, because they all went to Danxiang Taoyuan." Gu Dongchen slightly smiled and said.

Chen Xiang frowned, "Why did they go to the Danxiang Taoyuan?"

"The Fragrance City will begin its preparation for the once a hundred years Grand Dan Meeting, There are still three months time left, but it was already very lively there. Once it starts, I and the Dean will also go, as well as the other sects’ Dean." Wu Kaiming said.

Chen Xiang had indeed heard of the Grand Meeting, and the finale of this Grand Meeting was an alchemy tournament, which would pretty much bring together many of the alchemists of the Chenwu Mainland. This alchemy tournament was completely different from all other tournament Chen Xiang had seen or participated before, this alchemy tournament was rather large, and there was no shortage of famous alchemists among the participators.

"You are an alchemist, you should go and have a look, how about coming along with us?" Gu Dongchen asked.

"Of course I’ll go now!" Chen Xiang said. Now there would be a large number of people there, and at any moment, a large auction would also be held. It was the best time to gather some precious herbs.

"You alone will be too dangerous. Now, not only the righteous sects are staring at you, even those five major devil path sects very much want you dead." Gu Dongchen said with some concern.

"I’m not afraid!" Chen Xiang carelessly said. If he went alone, he would arrive there quickly.

On the other hand, Gu Dongchen, while facing Wu Kaiming, smiled and said, "Someone’s here."

Chen Xiang frowned, only to hear Long Xueyi’s giggles as she spoke, "It’s your Sister Menger, she is outside the Extreme Martial Mysterious Realm."

Wu kaiming hastily went out to greet. Liu Menger came here, and Chen Xiang had the brass to stay here, he wished to know why Liu Menger came.

Liu Menger was garbed in a white longuette, and her long hair was draped over her shoulder. Her white face was filled with coldness and grandeur, with an other-worldly temperament, carrying a kind of mesmerizing royal and proud bearing. Seeing the elegance of this peerless woman, Chen Xiang was secretly astonished. He rarely saw Liu menger with this kind of appearance.

Liu Menger, after seeing Chen Xiang here, could not help but be surprised in her heart, especially when she saw Chen Xiang was tilting his leg and was rudely sitting, while Gu Dongchen and Wu Kaiming weren’t even speaking anything. This made her feel extremely suspicious, because she could see that Chen Xiang’s relations with these two tycoons was not ordinary. She herself was just the same.

Wu Kaiming gave a glare to Chen Xiang, and Chen Xiang could only respond as he hastily stood up and respectfully gave a salute to Liu Menger. This made Liu Menger to start laughing in her heart. At the same time, she was also somewhat pleased, because when she was together with Chen Xiang, Chen Xiang was not as courteous.

Chen Xiang was also depressed, he had very good relation with all three tycoons in here, and yet he had to pretend.

"Empress Liu, are you looking for junior sister?" Gu Dongchen smilingly asked. It seemed his and Liu Menger’s relation was not bad, otherwise, he would not use such a form of address.

"Elder Dan is not here?" Liu Menger asked.

"She had already disappeared." Wu Kaiming sighed.

Liu Menger was a bit disappointed, "I came to look for her in order to go to Danxiang Taoyuan together, and make her help me take some spirit herbs. It’s really a pity."

Chen Xiang’s eyes lit up as he hurriedly said, "Senior Liu, this brat is also going to Danxiang Taoyuan. Dean and the others do not trust me in going alone, I don’t know whether I could accompany you? Regarding spirit herbs, I also have some understanding."

Thinking of travelling together with Chen Xiang, this little rascal, Liu Menger was conflicted in her heart. She very much wish to be together with Chen Xiang, but then again, she was afraid of being taken advantage by him, especially when there were no one else present.

"Miss Liu, this brat had caused too much trouble. He is anxious to go to Danxiang Taoyuan, if he’s going alone, we can not be at ease, even though the road is not very long." Wu Kaiming said.

Liu Menger cursed Chen Xiang in her heart. Last time, when Chen Xiang went to her Divine Weapon Heavenly Empire, he was pretty much safe during the entire trip.

The Fragrance City of the Danxiang Taoyuan was indeed somewhat far, and on the road, the possibility of getting ambushed was rather high, causing her to also worry about Chen Xiang. She nodded in acceptance, which made Chen Xiang rejoice in his heart.

A translated work of Xianxiaworld