Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The Gumai Dan in Tai Bao’s hands were all sold to the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa’s shops, the shops did not advertise that they were the two who were selling them, they only knew that it was a big shot inside the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa, because he was selling a lot, it was just too shocking.

In order to not cause a sensation, Tai Bao made those shops not to announce that they would eat so much, as long as they sold the Gumai Dan like they did before.

Therefore, the people of Black Tiger Stockaded Village did not know that Tai Bao had already started working with Chen Xiang. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"You bunch of bastards. When you see the sworn brothers of our chief and chief, hurry up and greet them." A man with a sharp mouth and monkey cheeks shouted.

"Are you guys here to deliver the Hundred Myriad Tao Crystals?" Chen Xiang asked: "Like I said before, if I do not deliver the Hundred Myriad Tao Crystals, I will take away the head of your village chief."

"I wonder if the chief of the village will bring over the Hundred Myriad Tao Crystals or your own head."

Chen Xiang and the others saw the Black Tiger Stockaded Village’s chief wearing a black cloak and armor, he was a middle aged man with a big beard. Beside him was a slim middle-aged man wearing white clothes and holding a fan.

"Arrogant brat, do you know who our Black Tiger Stockaded Village’s sworn brothers are?" The monkey-like man sneered: "He is the son of the Western Tiger Mountain Villa’s Internal Affairs Elder."

Hearing this, Tai Bao immediately laughed out loud. "I was wondering who it was, it was the little bastard who was hired by Western Tiger Mountain Villa."

"What did you say?"

His father was the Western Tiger Mountain Villa’s Internal Affairs Elder and was indeed in charge of odd jobs. It would not be bad to call him a servant, but to the man, this form of address was filled with ridicule and humiliation.

However, even if he is the son of an elder of Western Tiger Mountain Villa, I am not afraid. Honestly speaking, the Western Tiger Mountain Villa has become more and more useless in the recent years, to actually be able to depend on this kind of business to support his livelihood, it is truly laughable. Tai Bao continued to mock him.

"Old bastard, are you tired of living? You’re courting death."

The Black Tiger Stockaded Village’s chief rushed forward, holding a long blade in his hand, but just as he entered the door, Tai Bao’s eyes flashed, two rays of green light shot out, followed by a dragon’s roar, and a ball of green light struck the Black Tiger Stockaded Village’s chief’s body, sending him flying.

"This is the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa’s green dragon law, a type of the Dragon Dao law. You are people of the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa."

Those disciples of the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa who understood the rules of the Dragon Way were not ordinary people. Those were people who obtained the legacies of the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa, people who were directly related to the people in charge of the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa.

"Junior, consider yourself sensible, you have your eyes on the Gumai Dan here, they can make profits for you, using forced selling methods, this method is extremely despicable, and before that, your Black Tiger Stockaded Village also stole the shops of these little ghosts, what do you think we should do with this account." Tai Bo walked to the front with his hands behind his back and said with a cold smile.

"Here are 100 Myriad Tao Crystals." The chief of the Black Tiger Stockaded Village took out a hundred Myriad Tao Crystals hastily. Their Black Tiger Stockaded Village had been acting tyrannically for so long, but that was because they would never anger someone with power and influence.

But this time, they didn’t expect that Jiang Simei, the little girl, would actually invite a direct disciple of the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa.

"Little girl Simei, tell me how should I deal with them." Tai Bao laughed.

"The Black Tiger Stockaded Village’s chief had already taken our shop, and now he is here smashing everything up. This is not something that can be made up for with the help of Dao crystal. If we cripple him, he will fall onto the Mei Jing Store."

Jiang Simei said, then looked at the white clothed man and said: "If it wasn’t for this guy supporting us from behind, Black Tiger Stockaded Village would not be so fierce, compensate us with 1000 Myriad Tao Crystals, or else we will end up like the chief."

"You ... Ten million, that’s too much. " The white-robed middle-aged man’s expression was extremely unsightly.

If you don’t give it, I’ll kill you. If you want to live, it’s the Dao crystal, you can’t give it to me. Let your father send it over, we want to see how your father will react to the fact that you and the Black Tiger Stockaded Village did this. Tai Bao said.

After bullying Chen Xiang and the others over and over again, if Tai Bao and the others were to kill the middle aged man, the Western Tiger Mountain Villa would not say anything. The Internal Affairs Elder was not an important person in the Western Tiger Mountain Villa, and his position was not high either.

Just as the white robed middle aged man was hesitating, Tai Bo suddenly flashed and arrived beside the Black Tiger Stockaded Village’s chief. At the same time, he threw out a few palm strikes, causing the chief to scream miserably.

The chief of the stronghold had done all sorts of evil deeds. He had done this quite a few times. However, he had never expected it to happen to him.

"This is ..." I do not have that many five hundred Myriad Tao Crystals at the moment, give me a few days, I will definitely deliver it to you personally. " The white clothed middle aged man took out five hundred Myriad Tao Crystals and gave them to Jiang Simei.

"No, you must stay here. God knows you will run up there." Tai Bo grabbed him.

Just as the white robed middle aged man was in a difficult situation, a black clothed elderly man walked over and handed over a Storage bag to Tai Bo.

"There are five hundred Myriad Tao Crystals inside. He should be able to leave now, right?"

This old man was the Western Tiger Mountain Villa’s Internal Clan Elder. When he heard that Tai Bao had sold a lot of Gumai Dan to Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa’s stores, he remembered that his son had allied with the Black Tiger Stockaded Village to control the source of the Gumai Dan. Then, he immediately rushed over.

"Take care of your son. If this was in our Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa, you would also be punished. I never thought that the Western Tiger Mountain Villa would not fall to such a state." Even if Tai Bao faced the Internal Affairs Elder, he was not afraid, because he had strength and reason.

This matter was finally resolved, and the Black Tiger Stockaded Village was dissolved in one night. The half-dead chief was hung on an iron shelf beside the entrance of the Mei Jing Store.

This matter was quickly known to the entire Myriad Tao City, especially to the shops that were cooperating with the Mei Jing Store, they were all extremely regretful at the moment. If they were to report up high and let the forces behind them help the Mei Jing Store through, perhaps they would be the only ones selling Gumai Dan.

Currently, all the Gumai Dan were in the hands of the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa, and they were even being sold at a higher price.

Tai Bao, together with Tai Bo, earned a lot of Dao crystal from the collaboration between them and the Mei Jing Store. This matter was also known to the people of the other villas, and this matter also made Tai Bao and the two elders feel very face, because they had earned a few thousand Myriad Tao Crystals without using any strength at all.

Not only did they earn money, they also obtained Gumai Dan for the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa. This made the elders and villas of the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa have a whole new level of respect for them, and they secretly praised them.

Chen Xiang also had to work hard to concoct pills now. What he was preparing to do next was to buy rare Law beads, and that was to make preparations to go to Myriad Tao Mausoleum in the future.

Myriad Tao Mausoleum was extremely dangerous, if there were any Laws of Flying and Space, there would be an additional safeguard for it. This book came from the 17K page, so the first thing he did was to look at the true contents of it!