Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang didn’t want to look for them, because he didn’t know if they were friends or foe. What he needed to do now was to earn Dao crystal s and cultivate the spatial laws.

This Emperor seal was also one of Chen Xiang’s killing moves, he would not use it so easily.

Chen Xiang left the Emperor seal and took out the Chuangshi god furnace. Right now, he was refining them into Tianhun gold Dan s, so this was something that could cultivate Spirit of the Dao gods and could be sold at an even higher price.

"Right now, I have to familiarize myself with refining Tianhun gold Dan. If I want to earn billions to buy those Law beads, just relying on Gumai Dan is not enough." Even if Chen Xiang could refine Law beads s, he would need several dozens of them.

If he wanted to cultivate the spatial laws of the Law of Flight, he would need thirty of each, which would be equivalent to around six billion Dao crystal.

In a single day, he had refined ten batches of pills, and this speed was still too slow for him, but he was still familiar with the process, and it didn’t matter if it was slow, as he could raise it in the future. Furthermore, when he was close to refining, he had controlled multiple pill furnaces and used the Dawan refining method.

Most of the time, he could control ten thousand pill furnaces to practice true ten thousand refining techniques. As long as he had enough ingredients, he would be able to produce pills very quickly.

For the past few days, Chen Xiang had been refining this kind of Tianhun gold Dan, and the speed also continued to increase. The faster he refined, the more he got familiar with this type of pill.

"Now let’s see if I can control a hundred pill furnaces at the same time." Chen Xiang immediately released a hundred Magic method furnace, and then began to refine medicinal ingredients.

Fortunately, with Jiang Sijing’s heaven defying laws of the Earth, he was able to grow medicinal herbs quickly. Otherwise, if Chen Xiang were to use the Creation God’s Spring to cultivate it, it would be very difficult for him to keep up with his consumption.

Therefore, he planned to help Jiang Sijing cultivate complete rebirth laws. Jiang Sijing would also need twenty more rebirth Law beads s that had gone through impact refining. This was equivalent to two hundred million Dao crystal, and it was also very easy.

After half a day, Chen Xiang had finally finished refining those hundred batches of Tianhun gold Dan. There were six hundred in each batch. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Compared to the Gumai Dan, this speed was still very busy. When he refined Gumai Dan, he could refine 50,000 pills in a day.

"Looks like I’ll have to continue practicing. I’ll need a hundred batches in two hours and sixty pills in one batch." Chen Xiang had only just started using the Dawan refining method, so it was normal for him to slow down.

If he put ten of them in, the difficulty would be even greater. Furthermore, ten sets of medicinal herbs would be refined in an hour, which was also very difficult. He would need to practice a great deal in order to slowly master this step by step.

After a few days had passed, Chen Xiang was now able to refine twenty thousand Tianhun gold Dan in one day. This was pretty good for him, and every time he finished refining, he would be exhausted and had done his best.

Right now, he had fifty thousand Tianhun gold Dan in his hands, but he did not eat them. His current goal was to cultivate a spatial dao vein.

Because he couldn’t use the power of space, he felt extremely insecure.

When he walked out of the secret room, Jiang Simei and Jiang Sijing had also refined all of those Law beads.

"How’s the effect?" Chen Xiang asked.

"The effect is very good. One pill is equivalent to four pills. I will probably only need to eat another fifteen pills." Jiang Simei laughed: "At that time, if someone like the Black Tiger Stockaded Village comes looking for trouble with us, I can beat them down myself."

Meimei, this is for you, go and contact the two seniors to discuss the price of the Tianhun gold Dan. I will be preparing to sell the Tianhun gold Dan as the main force, I think many people need it, especially the Tai Dao realm. Chen Xiang said.

"Fifty thousand pills! Did you refine it in a day?" Jiang Simei asked, she already knew that Chen Xiang’s pill refining speed was extremely terrifying.

"Of course not, I refined it in a few days, but the progress will be even faster in the future. With this pill, I think that it should be able to help a lot of Tai Dao realm cultivate to the peak in a short while." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Of course, the effects of the Tianhun gold Dan are extremely strong, as long as enough Dao crystal are bought and eaten, their cultivation will definitely increase by leaps and bounds." Jiang Simei said.

Chen Xiang looked at Jiang Sijing and said: "Sijing, how are the medicinal herbs that I asked you to cultivate earlier?"

"The planting conditions are quite good. Here." Even if Jiang Sijing took out a few Storage bag, they were all arranged by her, there were still tens of thousands.

The cultivation speed of the Tianhun gold Dan wasn’t as fast as that of the Gumai Dan, because there were many types of herbs that needed to be grown. Although Jiang Sijing grew the plant fast enough, Chen Xiang felt that it was still not enough.

"Sijing, how about this ... You enter my Divine Sense Sea and help me grow it. There’s that water inside, and if you use that water to help me grow it, it should be very fast. " Chen Xiang said.

"Alright." Jiang Sijing agreed without even thinking. To many people, entering someone else’s Divine Sense Sea was not safe at all.

However, Jiang Sijing trusted Chen Xiang a lot.

After she entered Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea, she was also praising the environment inside. She never thought that a man like Chen Xiang would be able to make her own Divine Sense Sea look so beautiful.

Jiang Simei contacted the two Tai Clan elders. Chen Xiang entered the spacious underground secret room and continued refining the Tianhun gold Dan below.

There were tens of millions of people in the Myriad Tao City, and amongst them, the number of Tai Dao realm s should be the most. Furthermore, the strength of the Tai Dao realm was not weak either, if the effects of the Tianhun gold Dan could be spread, it would definitely sell very well.

Chen Xiang could refine thirty thousand Tianhun gold Dan each day the fastest, and sell one for two thousand. That would be six thousand Myriad Tao Crystals, and his speed would still be fast.

"Try to reach the level of refining a Gumai Dan." Chen Xiang only thought that way, but Tianhun gold Dan were higher ranked than Gumai Dan after all, and they would need more medicinal ingredients, so they couldn’t be as fast as Gumai Dan.

"Sijing, with the help of the Divine Spring, how is your speed compared to before?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It’s a lot faster than before. These divine springs are truly powerful." Jiang Sijing had already drank a lot before, so as to strengthen her own Laws of the Earth.

"If you were to cultivate a new Rule Dao line, then you will definitely be able to grow medicinal ingredients even faster." Chen Xiang: Little Dong.

"Mn, with Elder Brother Shen here, I can quickly cultivate it. Before, I didn’t even dare to think about this." was extremely happy. Rare Principle was a life’s goal for the majority of people, but she was able to achieve it so quickly.

Chen Xiang refined until night, and walked out of the basement, wanting to give the thirty thousand Tianhun gold Dan pills to Jiang Simei. However, he did not see Jiang Simei here, but instead saw the two Tai Clan elders.

"Hehe, the Tianhun gold Dan that the beautiful girl Simei brought with her today is not bad, she sold a lot of them in one go. I think her reputation will spread tonight. We’ll add two hundred to resell it." Tai Bao said.

"That’s good then. The demand for this is much higher than the demand for Gumai Dan s." Chen Xiang laughed.

Right, the Myriad Tao Mausoleum still has three more years before it opens. It’s very close, get ready. " Tai Bo said.

Afterwards, the two brothers left Mei Jing Store and returned. They said that Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa had something important to tell them during this time.

Just as they were walking, an arrow flew in, tied with a note. Chen Xiang opened it to look, and immediately he was enraged.

Jiang Simei was taken away. The book came from 17K, so the first thing he did was to read the true contents!