Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang made Jiang Simei take out a few boxes of Tianhun gold Dan, allowing the Cyan Sparrow and Feng Ruxue to take a look at them, then took a good look at these goods.

"This is the Tianhun gold Dan that we have just researched, Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa’s shop has begun to sell, its current sales are not bad." Chen Xiang said.

"We have eaten Tianhun gold Dan before, and the effect is indeed very good, much better than Jinyuan Dao Dan, the price can also be considered cheap, there are a few areas in Myriad Tao City that are not a threat to Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa, if we sell this kind of Tianhun gold Dan, we can definitely sell it very well." Feng Ruxue said softly.

"We gave you the same price as them, two thousand pills." Jiang Simei said: "All of the large shops in your Phoenix Mountain Villa do not overlap with the one in your Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa at all. If your shop were to sell this pill, it might even pull a few nearby villas over, making your area even more prosperous."

The cyan sparrow nodded its head, "Indeed, this is a very good deal. Even if you increase the price a little, we will still buy some from you."

"It’s just that we don’t understand. You must be cooperating very well with Old Tai and the others. Why are you letting us benefit?"

Chen Xiang laughed: "I just want to be friends with Old Tai and the others. I think that Phoenix Mountain Villa is more suited to work with me, and this is also because your Phoenix Mountain Villa has not formed enmity with any other powers for many years, so Old Tai and the others respect you more."

Tai Bao chuckled: "Actually, this brat Chen Xiang is around the same age as you, always cooperating with us old guys. I’m worried that he will feel bored, after all you are all young, maybe you guys have some better ideas that can help everyone get rich together."

Tai Bo laughed: We brothers will be core members of the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa in the future, and there’s a greater chance that we can take over the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa in the future, and for you two to have such accomplishments at such a young age, I believe you two will become leaders of the Phoenix Mountain Villa someday, and at that time, we will be able to cooperate even more.

They also knew that the young disciples of the other Villa are secretly joining hands at this moment. This is also to reduce the pressure on others and to even get help from outside if they were to ascend to the position in the future.

"One pellet of two thousand Dao crystal. There are twenty thousand pellets here." Chen Xiang said: "In the future, you can come here to retrieve it once every ten days, when that time comes, I will give you all at least fifty thousand pills. If I need to cultivate in seclusion for a long period of time, I will inform all of you in advance."

"Alright, I and the cyan sparrow will have ten thousand each. Here are my two thousand Myriad Tao Crystals." Feng Ruxue took out a Storage bag and gave it to Jiang Simei.

The Cyan Sparrow took away the ten thousand Tianhun gold Dan and gave them to Jiang Simei.

After Jiang Simei finished counting, he nodded towards Chen Xiang.

"Then Phoenix Mountain Villa will be my new partner." Chen Xiang laughed.

"En, Master Shen, if you have any difficulties in the future, I, Feng Ruxue, will give my all to help you." Feng Ruxue stood up and said to Chen Xiang.

"Before this, we also knew that Master Shen had been disturbed by some people from the Western Tiger Mountain Villa. We, the Cyan Sparrow, had promised that we would never do such a thing again." The cyan sparrow cupped his fists and said to Chen Xiang.

The two of them promised in their own names, but didn’t say that they were Phoenix Mountain Villa.

Chen Xiang did not mind, after all, Feng Ruxue and Qing Que had only just tasted the sweetness, if they earned more from it, the elders behind them would support them even more, so if Chen Xiang was in trouble, they could get the elders behind them to help.

After Feng Ruxue and the chickadee left, Chen Xiang gave Tai Bo and Tai Bao one hundred and five million Myriad Tao Crystals. He told them to help Jiang Simei buy the Death Law beads.

After Chen Xiang obtained these Law beads, he entered the secret room to refine them.

Right now, he did not ship the goods every day, but every ten days. As for how many there would be, he did not know. In short, it would more or less be there.

Very quickly, he had refined fifteen Law beads. As long as Jiang Simei refined these Law beads, he would be able to cultivate a Death Rule Dao line.

If she was able to cultivate the Death Rule Dao line, her power would increase by a lot, and at that time, she would be able to focus all her energy on training the Spirit of the Dao gods.

Training Spirit of the Dao gods required either Jinyuan Dao Dan or Tianhun gold Dan, these were not difficult for Chen Xiang.

"Elders, have you two seen anyone who has successfully cultivated an interspatial dao." Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course there are. However, many people who managed to break through to the Dao Path are filled with regret. Could it be that you wish to train in it?" Tai Bao said in shock.

"Why do they regret it?" Chen Xiang was very curious about this, causing him to be very suspicious. If the spatial laws were not of much use here, then the space foundation he built up over the years would have been a waste. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"The main thing is that it’s not as powerful as they imagined. The distance to teleport isn’t far, and the consumption is huge. It’s more useful at critical times." Tai Bao said: "If you are training Rare Principle, I hope that you can train in the flight laws."

Tai Bo nodded his head: "The flight rule is very practical. After training, one can fly in the air, especially during battle. If one can master flying freely, then one’s flying speed will be even faster.

"That’s right, it seems like those fellows from the Phoenix Mountain Villa have been born with flying dao channels."

His innate flying Dao veins reminded Chen Xiang of Xue Ying. Back then, he could already fly in Primitive Land.

"How many different kinds of Rare Principle can a person cultivate at the same time?" Chen Xiang asked again. He knew that there were a lot of Rare Principle s who were relatively strong.

"In theory, there are nine. One basic dao vein, the other nine dao veins can all cultivate Rare Principle." Tai Bao thought for a moment, then said: "Of course, there aren’t many people like him, because Rare Principle are very expensive."

Law beads could only be formed by throwing them into the Myriad Tao Divine Stele. Even though those villas controlled the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele, they still needed to use Dao crystal to exchange for Law beads.

Chen Xiang actually wanted to try, because not only could he earn a lot of Dao crystal, he could also use the Heavenly Alchemy to refine the Law beads, increasing the power of the Ancient Code by several times.

He was very interested in the Heavenly Refining Code and wanted to try and see what it could do with the Heavenly Alchemy.

"Just what use does the Heavenly Refining Laws have? This name sounds a bit strange." Chen Xiang said.

The main purpose is to quickly refine all kinds of things. However, it requires a lot of Dao crystal, and originally, it required about a hundred million Dao crystal to condense one, but the Heavenly Dao Sect had made quite a few, and in the future, they would need a billion Dao crystal to condense one. As time passed, the Heavenly Dao Sect would no longer be able to gather any more from the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele.

"The same goes for the way of the sword, you can find it in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum."

This was related to the Heavenly Dao Sect, and was most likely related to the Heavenly Alchemy. He was sure that he could use it together with the Heavenly Alchemy, this made him even more curious, and he wanted to use it even more.

"A one billion Dao crystal, this is really scary." Chen Xiang exclaimed. He needed to get at least 25 pills to be able to condense the Dao meridian, that would require 25 billion Dao crystal.