Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Feng Ruxue had instructed Chen Xiang before not to tell anyone else, so she and Chen Xiang had not told Jiang Simei and Jiang Sijing. This was a secret between the two of them.

"Meimei, let’s go. After I change my hands on these Gumai Dan, I will bring them to the Phoenix Mountain Villa for a stroll."

Feng Ruxue was also like Tai Bao and the others, they would increase the price and sell these Gumai Dan s to their own Villa’s stores, earning a difference in exchange for a share of the profit.

In the Myriad Tao City, no matter what background they had, they would need a large number of Dao crystal in exchange for Law beads’s cultivation from the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele.

Only by cultivating those rare and powerful laws would one be able to obtain even more power and distance himself from the majority of the people. Only by entering the Myriad Tao Mausoleum would he be able to have the power to protect himself and obtain more protection.

... ....

Chen Xiang was refining the Law beads that Feng Ruxue gave him in the secret room.

"Now I understand why other people can’t use her Law beads. The reason why her power of law can’t be used by others is because of this inherited bloodline power."

These bloodline energies all had Feng Ruxue’s own special power. Even if it was a phoenix that opened its meridians with her, once it absorbed the power of this law to cultivate its dao, it would be repelled and then exploded.

"I just need to separate the power of her bloodline... However, the power of her bloodline also contains a great portion of the Laws. If they are separated from her then the losses will be great. "

When Chen Xiang thought about this, he found that this method would not work and could only think of another way.

"I will first use the Crash method to refine it. Perhaps during the process of colliding, I will dilute the power of her Phoenix bloodline."

Chen Xiang immediately used the Crash method. After a few consecutive collisions, just like he had guessed, the power of his Phoenix bloodline had indeed weakened by a lot.

"It was solved just like that. I really didn’t expect it to happen." Chen Xiang had already successfully refined a Flight rule beads.

had to eat it first when refining the Law beads. After eating it, the Law beads would dissolve by itself and Chen Xiang could extract the scattered power of law into the Chuangshi god furnace. Because it was not refined into his own dao veins, it was fine to not refine it after eating it.

And now that Chen Xiang had used the Crash method to refine it, the power of his blood vessels had already been eliminated. Chen Xiang could eat it without worry and cultivate it into his dao veins.

Just like last time, while he refined the Law beads, he refined twenty of them in five days.

Although the flight rule was a rare power of laws, the speed of its refinement was much faster than the previous laws. This made Chen Xiang very surprised, as he thought that it would take even longer to refine.

Right now, he could also see that the fire dao vein was already covered with the power of other laws, with just a little bit more and it could have turned into another Rule Dao line.

"I need five more pills." Chen Xiang became even more agitated now. After that, he left the secret room to find Jiang Simei and have Jiang Simei bring him to Feng Ruxue.

Chen Xiang only said that concocting pills was boring, and that he wanted to walk around to visit Feng Ruxue.

This time, Chen Xiang prepared a little gift, and it was only two Tianhun gold Dan that had been refined using Crash method, the quality was extremely high.

Upon seeing Feng Ruxue, Chen Xiang immediately sent a sound transmission to Feng Ruxue, saying that he was here to retrieve the Law beads.

Feng Ruxue had been refining Law beads every day, and after five days, she had also condensed ten. Because Jiang Simei was by her side, she could only say that she had given Chen Xiang some phoenix feathers in return, and that some of the Flight rule beads were also inside.

Feng Ruxue felt that Chen Xiang must have succeeded, otherwise he would not have personally come to her for the Law beads.

After obtaining Feng Ruxue’s Flight rule beads, Chen Xiang stayed in Feng Ruxue’s Snow Pavilion for more than an hour and then went back by himself. Jiang Simei still wanted to keep it here.

After Chen Xiang returned, he hurriedly took out the Flight rule beads and began to refine them. Right now, he only needed to refine five pills, and it would be completed very quickly.

A day had passed and Chen Xiang had already eaten the five refined Flight rule beads s. Right now, he was only a bit away from completely refining them.

Chen Xiang was very nervous as he did not know if he would be able to successfully condense the flying dao vein.

If he succeeded, he would be able to save him 2.5 billion Dao crystal.

An hour later, Chen Xiang opened his eyes.

"Success."

Chen Xiang had already successfully cultivated one fire meridian into a different Rule Dao line.

At this point, he could float in the air, which meant that he had mastered the flight laws here and could freely fly within the Divine Wasteland.

"It’s been a long time since I’ve experienced this." Chen Xiang floated within the secret room and couldn’t help but laugh as he looked down.

Just as he was secretly delighted in his heart, he suddenly heard a voice sounding in his mind.

"Yes ..." Is it Young Master Shen, what did you succeed in? "

This voice was very familiar, it was indeed Feng Ruxue’s. Chen Xiang was immediately stunned, Feng Ruxue who was far away could actually hear his thoughts.

Because this place was restricted by space, it didn’t even have a transmission talisman, much less sound transmissions through space. However, it was indeed alive.

"Ruoxue, is that you?" Chen Xiang was startled, but at the same time, he controlled himself so that he wouldn’t think too much about it. He felt that this must be related to him using Feng Ruxue’s Flight rule beads.

"It’s me, Young Master Shen. What’s going on?" Feng Ruxue was also very shocked, and he could clearly feel the shock in Feng Ruxue’s heart.

Because Chen Xiang’s voice inexplicably appeared in her mind. Then, when she tried to use her heart to inquire, she unexpectedly received a response from Chen Xiang. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

This was equivalent to having an ordinary telepathic connection. One would be able to know what the other party was thinking without being restricted by space.

"This... Maybe it’s because I successfully used your Law beads to cultivate and break through my dao channels. " Chen Xiang was now certain that it was because he was using her Law beads.

"Ah, you’ve really succeeded, but I’ve only given you thirty Law beads. You’ll need at least a hundred of them." Feng Ruxue was very surprised, that Chen Xiang could actually succeed, it was also because he succeeded, that was why he had such a wonderful thing.

"After I refine it, the power of the Ancient Code inside the Law beads will become stronger. I only need twenty-five of them to succeed. However, such a thing happened, and a mysterious reaction was born between us. " Chen Xiang said.

"Can... It’s not good to be able to undo it. " Feng Ruxue didn’t dare to think about other things now, in case Chen Xiang found out about it. If she couldn’t solve it, then she didn’t know how she would live the rest of her life.

This was Chen Xiang’s fault, Chen Xiang was also feeling very guilty right now.

"It should be fine. Don’t worry, we’ll meet first." Chen Xiang said.