Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Gold House Home Home Page | Total Clicklist | Weekly Clicklist | Monthly Clicklist | General Collection Legacy Version | Collect Golden House | Set as First Page Gold Room Chinese, Golden Book House

[ /images/hjw_10.jpg Golden Room Chinese, Golden Room /images/banner.jpg ] [ /images/hjw_15.jpg First Page

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents] /images/hjw_20.jpg ]

The article’s query: Popular keywords: "The Great King of the Daolords is sparing your life in the myth of the era of flying swords". Light blue ocean bright yellow handsome green light elegant red powder aristocratic family white world gray world gold house Chinese

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]

Author’s: Fantasy | Oriental fantasy | Upgrade | Cultivation | Hot blood | Shuang Shuang | Beauty | Queen Palace | Martial God | Elegant | Ambiguous | Pills | Silent Rogue | Arrogant Pill God | More Please remember the name of this site: Golden House Pride World Pill God Chapter 2713 - Fly

After making an appointment to meet Feng Ruxue, Chen Xiang immediately headed to the Snow Pavilion to meet Feng Ruxue in secret.

"Ru Xue, I can already fly now. It’s all thanks to you. Thank you." When Chen Xiang saw Feng Ruxue, he immediately thanked her.

"This is a small matter for admission. But now that you and I are in such a bad situation, it will be extremely inconvenient for me. "

Feng Ruxue was very worried. If she was unable to change the fact that Chen Xiang and her were in a telepathic state in the future, she did not know how she would go about doing it in the future.

Right now, both she and Chen Xiang had to carefully control their thoughts, if not they would accidentally let the other party know.

"Don’t worry, I thought of a solution on the way here." Chen Xiang said. On the way here, he thought about the problem.

Feng Ruxue was instantly overjoyed as she asked in an urgent voice, "Is that so? Can you resolve this problem now?"

Chen Xiang chuckled: "Actually, I also don’t want to maintain this state forever. For you and me, this isn’t a good thing, so I will definitely do my best to solve this problem. After all, this is also my fault."

"You’re amazing. You actually have a way to use the 25 Law Pearls I condensed to form the Flight Laws." Feng Ruxue nodded. Although this situation had occurred, she admired Chen Xiang even more.

"Ruoxue, this is a hundred million Dao crystal. Go buy a Flying Law Pearl, it needs ten thousand Divine Stele to condense it." Chen Xiang said.

The orbs condensed from the ten thousand divine monoliths were the purest and didn’t contain anything else. Although the orb condensed by Feng Ruxue wasn’t bad, it contained her Phoenix bloodline as well as her spirit. Other than them, there was also a special kind of power.

That was why Chen Xiang and her had a telepathic connection.

Feng Ruxue immediately did as she was told and went to purchase the flying law beads.

She went for an hour before returning.

"Here, this is ten million Dao crystal, I’ll return it to you after the discount." Feng Ruxue passed the Dao crystal and the law pearl to Chen Xiang.

After Chen Xiang received it, he said: "Do you have a training room or any other quiet place?"

"Yes, follow me." Feng Ruxue hurriedly brought Chen Xiang to a secret room.

"For example, you condensed the Flying Law Pearl that contained your Phoenix bloodline. I used your Law Pearl to cultivate and complete the Law dao vein before communicating with your longevity soul. So right now, I plan to discard a portion of your Law Energy before fusing it with the Law Energy of the Myriad God Tablet."

After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he suddenly had a thought and forcefully extracted a small part of his flight path. This was not an easy task, and gave him a headache.

"It’s all right now." Chen Xiang laughed.

Feng Ruxue hurriedly nodded and let out a light sigh. She revealed a smile, "Mn, I don’t feel that way anymore."

"Actually, I’m quite curious about what you’re thinking." Chen Xiang laughed, "Looking at how nervous you were just now, is there something that you don’t want me to know, or are you constantly cursing me in your heart?"

"Of course not, Young Master Shen is a very respected person." Feng Ruxue’s face blushed a little as she turned her head away, not daring to look straight into Chen Xiang’s eyes.

Although Feng Ruxue looked very charming and charming, her words and actions were like those of a lady from a noble family. Her tone of voice was extremely humble and respectful, unlike the two enchantress Su Mei Yao and Hua Xiangyue who always wanted to hook a person’s soul away.

"I don’t believe you." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Young Master Shen, stop teasing me." Feng Ruxue pursed her lips and spat lightly, looking very pretty.

"Then I’ll start cultivating first. After I fuse with this law bead and my flying dao channels are complete, I can also fly then."

"Alright, I’ll wait for you outside." Feng Ruxue quickly left the secret room and stayed in this place with Chen Xiang. Her heart was beating very quickly.

Just as Feng Ruxue left the secret room and closed the door, the moment Chen Xiang closed his eyes, he immediately felt that Feng Ruxue was nearby. That kind of feeling was very strange, even though she couldn’t hear Feng Ruxue’s thoughts, she could clearly feel that Feng Ruxue was outside the door, just a few meters away from him.

She could only accept it now, as long as Chen Xiang could not hear her thoughts. After all, as long as it was a person, no one would want their thoughts to be heard, not to mention that the other party was a man.

Chen Xiang quickly refined the Flying Law Bead he bought using the collision method, then ate it and refined it into the flying dao vein.

After half a day, his flying technique was completed once again. He tested it out and found that there were no differences between them before; he was still able to fly.

Chen Xiang opened the door, and then gently flew out into the hall.

"This feeling is really good." Chen Xiang sat down on a chair and picked up a fruit from the table beside him.

"Is it possible to fly anywhere in the lower realms where you used to be?" Feng Ruxue asked curiously.

"Yes, there are very few restrictions." Chen Xiang said: "I really want to go back, but I can’t go back as I have not finished my things here."

Chen Xiang had come to the Divine Wasteland to thoroughly settle the matters of the Natural Law Divine Realm. He wanted to kill the Natural Law Divine Lord so that he could take control of the Natural Law Divine Realm in his own hands.

"Right now you’re only at the first stage of Tai Dao realm, right? To be able to cultivate in such a rare dao vein is something rarely seen." Feng Ruxue said: "If I wasn’t born with it, I don’t know when I would have been able to gather ten billion Dao crystal to cultivate in the rare laws. Even if it’s at a discount, it would still require nine billion Dao crystal s."

"That’s right, Ru Xue. Do you also know where I am and how far we are from each other?" Chen Xiang looked at Feng Ruxue. He wanted to know if Feng Ruxue could sense it too.

Feng Ruxue nodded. "I just don’t know if there’s a limit ... How about this, you wait for me here for a bit, and I will take a look at the Phoenix Mountain Villa. The Phoenix Mountain Villa is about to leave the city, and is located rather far away from the city. " FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"Alright, I’ll wait for you here." Chen Xiang also wanted to know if there was a distance limit.

Feng Ruxue could fly; she could easily fly to the sky and fly out of the Myriad Dao City at an extremely fast speed.

Chen Xiang could also clearly feel that she was moving quickly now. In just half an hour, she had already left Myriad Dao City.

"It stopped, could that be the location of the Phoenix Mountain Villa?" Chen Xiang hurriedly remembered that location, but then he felt another strange feeling.

"What’s going on? Suddenly, a vicious aura appeared." Chen Xiang closed his eyes, as if he felt that Feng Ruxue was being encircled by many waves of ferocious auras.

"I’m back." Feng Ruxue suddenly began to move quickly in the direction of the Myriad Dao City.

Chen Xiang suddenly opened his eyes, a trace of shock on his face. Feng Ruxue looked like she was being chased by a large group of people, and he immediately rushed out of the Snow Pavilion and towards Feng Ruxue’s direction.

Please remember your home domain name: Golden House

Shortcut keys: Previous Chapter | Next Chapter (" "or" tP") Next Chapter (" → "or" tN") Back button: Back to the page Previous Chapter | Arrogant Pill God Catalog | Next Chapter Mobile (Simplified) Mobile Phone Page Version (Traditional)

Browse Records [ /images/hjw_35.jpg ]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Letter Index: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | J | K | L | M | N | P | Q | R | S | T | W | X | Y | Z

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Contact us: [email protected] Page Execution Time: 0.0030008