Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Feng Ruxue walked down from the stairs. Originally, her expression was the same as the Cyan Sparrow, but when she saw Chen Xiang, she revealed a charming and sweet smile.

"Young Master Shen, you guys came. Please take a seat!" Feng Ruxue said as he walked down.

After Chen Xiang and Mei Jing Sisters sat down, they went straight to the point.

"If anything happens to Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa, I can’t cooperate with him anymore!" Chen Xiang said: "You guys should also know a bit about this!"

Feng Ruxue and the Cyan Bird looked at each other, then nodded.

"Yes, the patriarch of Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa has returned and injured the current Villa Master. With his immense power, he controls the entire Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa! From what we know, this Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa has always been a person with a bad temper, we don’t even know if he will become our enemy in the future. " The cyan sparrow said.

"If that old fellow wants to control Chen Xiang, will your Phoenix Mountain Villa be able to protect Chen Xiang?" Jiang Simei asked straightforwardly. If Phoenix Mountain Villa was unable to do so, they would have to escape from this place as soon as possible.

Feng Ruxue did not say anything, and lowered his head slightly.

On the other hand, the Cyan Bird’s face was full of guilt, because this was not something that they could decide.

Chen Xiang sighed helplessly. Back then, he had thought that the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa and the Phoenix Mountain Villa were the strongest allies, but now that he had encountered such a thing, they became like this.

Jiang Simei was a little angry, but she saw that Chen Xiang was very calm at the moment. One? Ben? Read it? Fiction M. ybdu. Say more.

When we found out about this, we had already implored our elders in the Phoenix Mountain Villa to come. However, they were worried about offending the old ancestor of the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa, so they were unwilling to protect you no matter what. The cyan sparrow said with great guilt.

Feng Ruxue took out a Storage bag and said, "This is your compensation..."

"And mine!" The Cyan Sparrow took out the Storage bag s.

Chen Xiang waved his hand and said: "These Dao crystal are definitely not Phoenix Mountain Villa’s, they should be your own Dao crystal. You guys definitely won’t get much of the Dao crystal that Phoenix Mountain Villa earned by selling my pills. "

"Young Master Shen, accept it. This way, our hearts will feel a little better." Feng Ruxue pleaded, looking at Chen Xiang with eyes full of guilt.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang heaved a long sigh and accepted their compensation.

Chen Xiang did not have any hatred towards Feng Ruxue and Qing Que. After all, their strength was limited, and cooperating with them was for the convenience of the beginning.

"Right, after the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele evolved, the new Law of Creation is the Spirit Transformation Law!" Feng Ruxue said. She remembered that Chen Xiang was extremely curious about this previously.

That’s why there were so many powerful Heavenly Spirit Dragon beast that came to attack the city. They wanted to obtain the power of the Spirit Transformation Law, so that more Dragon beast would turn into human forms. This way, they would be able to have a strong power. The bluebird added.

"So, who activated this rule?" Chen Xiang asked again.

"It’s a person from the Myriad Tao Mausoleum ... You can’t say that it’s a human, but a beast type. Otherwise, it’s impossible to activate such a law. " The cyan sparrow said.

"Oh right, Young Master Shen, among the people that came out from the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, there are some that are opposing the ancestor of the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa. Even now, we do not understand those people well enough, so we will help you investigate those people and see if they are good people." Feng Ruxue said. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "Then I will take my leave, I am worried that the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa will send people over!"

"You must be careful!" She was very worried for Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang smiled slightly, then left the Snow Pavilion with Mei Jing Sisters.

Jiang Simei and Jiang Sijing had both entered the You Yao Mountain Villa, and Chen Xiang had also changed his appearance. He was mixed in the crowd, he did not plan to leave the Myriad Tao City, he still needed to cultivate spatial laws and other rare Rule Dao line.

At the same time, he also wanted to find out the origins of the group of people from Myriad Tao Mausoleum. If one of them was a mortal enemy of the Old Ancestor of Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa and was strong enough, then he would give it a try and see if he could cooperate with him.

The news was spread very quickly, and the entire Myriad Tao City knew of the mysterious people who had returned from the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

Chen Xiang came to Grandma Jiang’s shop, wanting to ask her if she knew about these things.

After the Grandma Jiang found out about Chen Xiang’s current situation, he consoled, "Chen Xiang, you don’t have to worry. Although that ancestor of the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa is strong, he still has many opponents! It’s just that you never want to offend other forces, especially the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa, which is why I gave up cooperating with you. "

"Then grandmother, do you know the background of those people who came out of Myriad Tao Mausoleum?" Chen Xiang asked, he felt that this Grandma Jiang was extremely mysterious, and must know something.

"They all entered the Myriad Tao Mausoleum at the same time period, and that was also the worst loss they had ever suffered in the history of the Myriad Tao City. The majority of the experts did not return, but the experts never expected that they would return safely after so many years, and their strength had even increased by a lot."

"One of them had a grudge with the ancestor of the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa. He was one of the three great figures of the Myriad Tao back then, I wonder if he had returned."

Grandma Jiang took out a piece of paper. On it was a drawing of a middle-aged man with a full beard.

"This is one of the three great individuals, Xue Yunxiong, who is sworn enemies with the ancestor of the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa, Wang Long." The Grandma Jiang said.

"Alright, I’ll see if I can find him!" Chen Xiang nodded, he had already memorized the person in the portrait in his mind.

Back then, the three heroes of the Myriad Tao all had their own small gangs, but because the three of them were gone and not to return, the small gangs gradually declined as well. Grandma Jiang laughed: "Maybe they are thinking of buying a new soldier from the new one, you can go and try."

"Grandma, as far as I know, there are a lot of guys who came back. Are they all big shots from this side?" Chen Xiang suddenly felt that the Myriad Tao City was becoming more and more lively.

"Yes, but back then, their forces weren’t as strong as the seven great villas, so they couldn’t control the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele. It’s hard to say now ... The three great doors are also getting ready to move and fight for control of the Myriad Tao Divine Stele. It will definitely be very lively next. " The Grandma Jiang laughed: "Quickly go and check if Xue Yunxiong has returned. He’s not a bad person."

After Chen Xiang found out about this from the Grandma Jiang, he hurriedly left the shop to find out where the group of people who returned from the Myriad Tao Mausoleum were.

Not long after the Dragon beast attacked, someone from the Myriad Tao Mausoleum returned. It was impossible for there to not be a connection among them, and many people thought the same. It had been less than a year since the opening of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.