Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"He has already died in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum." Xue Qing’s expression was calm, it could be seen that he had already opened his mouth, and this matter had also happened many years ago.

"Maybe... Maybe he’ll be like your grandpa and come out after a while. " Chen Xiang consoled.

"That won’t happen. Even my grandfather and the others didn’t have such a thing as a Pearl of Life, but my father did, and it’s already broken." Xue Qing laughed bitterly: "When I first entered the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, I had already mentally prepared myself for that."

"Oh right, Brother Xue, do you think your grandfather’s current strength can be stronger than that old ancestor of the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa?" Chen Xiang changed the topic and asked.

"It’s hard to say. If they all increased their strength in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, then it should be on par with them. After all, at their level, it would be difficult to pull apart the distance. Xue Qing shook his head: "But, if there was any conflict between my grandfather and the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa, my grandfather would definitely lose, Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa has a large number of people."

These words made Chen Xiang a little worried, he was worried that Xue Yunxiong would not be able to cover him.

He thought about it carefully. Xue Yunxiong had just returned from Myriad Tao Mausoleum, he was sure that he was weak now, unlike the Old Ancestor who was going to control the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa.

The elders in the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa were still very strong, and there was a strong expert amongst them who held one of the powers in control of the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele.

Xue Yunxiong did not recruit any troops from the city because he was afraid that the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa would cause trouble, so he chose to stay in the small village outside.

Chen Xiang and Xue Qing chatted as they arrived at the small village. Although it was late at night, the village was bustling with noise and excitement.

The place was filled with people. Although the place was very simple and crude, the people gathered here were drinking and swearing loudly. It was very lively and filled with joy.

"What is this?" Chen Xiang was suspicious, it was the same for Xue Qing, it was as if there was a gathering here.

There were more than a thousand people here, and all of them looked like brute force brutes. However, they were currently drinking, eating, and laughing in a very heroic manner. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"Do you want to come as well?" An old man sitting on a table in front of them saw Chen Xiang and shouted.

Chen Xiang and Xue Qing walked over, Chen Xiang was extremely accustomed to this kind of situation.

Although Xue Qing was dressed neatly and neatly, he did not resist at all in this place where alcohol was splattered. He and Chen Xiang walked over and sat on a stone chair that was dripping with alcohol.

"Come, come, come. Drink, drink. Even the enemies of our Head Xue must first drink a few bowls of wine." The old man poured wine for Chen Xiang and the others.

Hearing the old man’s words, Chen Xiang and Xue Qing were extremely happy, because they were sure that Xue Yunxiong was here.

"I wonder if us juniors can go meet your Head Xue. We have admired him for a long time." Xue Qing did not directly say that he was Xue Yunxiong’s grandson. Just now, he had also sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang, telling him not to say it for the time being.

"Of course you can, but you have to drink." The old man laughed out loud. "Those who have come today are guests, and can see our Head Xue."

"Old mister, is Senior Xue preparing to do something earth-shattering? Otherwise, he wouldn’t be so grand today." Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course. We’ve already been serving wine and having a feast here for a few days. If you have the time, you can also eat and drink here for a few days." The old man took a large dragon pig and laughed, "Eat, eat, eat!"

Chen Xiang and Xue Qing looked at each other and laughed, then ate a bowl of it, and tore apart the entire dragon pig that was being roasted until it was fragrant.

There was a lot of Dragon beast meat here, so if you eat like this for a few days and nights, you would also need a lot. It could be seen how generous Xue Yunxiong was.

After eating his fill, the sky was about to brighten. Xue Qing wanted to go see Xue Yunxiong very much, but the old man told him not to worry, he said that Xue Yunxiong would come out after dawn.

Chen Xiang, on the other hand, was more patient. The wine here was good, and the meat was good, he ate and drank until he was satisfied, but here, he had no qualms about it.

At dawn, a black shadow suddenly flew over and slowly landed on top of a roof.

This person was dressed in black and had a robust and burly body. Although he was middle-aged, he was still very handsome. He had two strands of a beard on his mouth and had a hearty smile on his face.

"I, Xue, have arrived late. Please forgive me, heroes. The reason you are here today is because you think highly of me, Xue. Therefore, this jar of wine is for everyone."

Xue Yunxiong boldly drank and took out a big jar of wine, then poured it into his mouth. Once again, everyone raised their bowls and toasted as well, and waves after waves of toasts came out, filled with a heroic spirit.

Chen Xiang looked at Xue Qing and saw that he was extremely excited. After all, seeing his own grandfather was exactly like how the rumors said he was.

After Xue Yunxiong finished drinking, he threw the wine jar away and said: "Even though many of my brothers from back then have gone, I, Xue’er, have never forgotten about them. This jar of wine is for them."

That year, Xue Yunxiong had gone to the Myriad Tao Mausoleum and did not return, so his gang was subjected to many humiliations and had to be disbanded in the end. Some of them were even killed by someone.

Chen Xiang realized that many of the people here were people that had been with Xue Yunxiong back in the day, which was why they were gathered here today.

"Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa, Western Tiger Mountain Villa ... "I, Xue, will definitely find them and take this opportunity while I’m not around to bully my brothers. If there are people from these three powers here, you all must tell those old fellows when you return that I, Xue, am still alive. Sooner or later, I will flatten all their villas."

Xue Yunxiong’s voice was filled with grief and anger, and it resounded throughout the entire little village.

"Most of you are here to follow our Head Xue, right?" The old man beside Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course we are, otherwise what would we be doing here? Right now, those villas are becoming more and more arrogant, and there are still those three big gates. If they were to control the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele, they would definitely be much more powerful than the seven big villas."

"That’s right, Western Tiger Mountain Villa is especially tyrannical. The few small gangs under his banner are becoming more and more arrogant, but Western Tiger Mountain Villa just sat there and did nothing. We were bullied until we were miserable."

"And when we join another force, they would despise us for being weak. People like us who are weak and have no backers, we would suffer unspeakably in the Myriad Tao City and get bullied all the time."

"I wonder if the Head Xue will despise us."

After Xue Yunxiong heard this, he said in a clear voice: "Of course I won’t hate you, but I won’t accept trash, and I don’t care if my power is low or weak, but you must prove that you are a person who is willing to work hard, who is ambitious, who is lazy, and that kind of villain, I, Xue, don’t want any of them."

"I, Xue, do not guarantee that you will enjoy wealth and prosperity, but I promise that if you are my brothers, I will absolutely not allow you to be humiliated by those powers again."