Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

In order to prove that he was someone who was willing to work hard and had great ambition, everyone was also fighting recklessly. They all talked about what they had experienced.

Of course, Xue Yunxiong was not stupid, he would not believe his words.

Everyone be quiet, if you want to follow Xue Yunxiong, you have to prove yourself, I have to find a way to see if you are willing to work hard.

Xue Yunxiong said as he took out a golden item and threw it into the forest outside the village.

With a swoosh, a golden platform suddenly appeared on the other side.

This high platform had a hundred steps. Everyone had already guessed that it would not be easy to climb these steps.

"You’ll be considered to have passed the test for climbing this flight of stairs." Xue Yunxiong shouted, at the same time, a group of people rushed up, but after reaching more than 10 steps, they retreated.

Not knowing why, Chen Xiang and Xue Qing were also baffled, because they did not try.

"Head Xue, isn’t this a little too difficult?" A middle-aged man asked, "It’s impossible to go up these stairs. There’s something wrong with the stairs, they just can’t be moved."

"This high platform is called ’Heart Refining Platform’. It does not look at a person’s strength, but at their heart. If your heart is determined to follow me, you can naturally easily walk up." Xue Yunxiong said.

Sure enough, at this time, there was a very young man who suddenly reached the 80th step, and then, under the gazes of everyone present, ascended to the top of the platform.

"Little brother, quickly come down and register." The old man laughed, with one glance, he could tell that he was Xue Yunxiong’s old subordinate.

Back then, Xue Yunxiong’s group of brothers did not need to walk on this stage, as Xue Yunxiong trusted them greatly.

Soon after, more and more people began to climb up the stairs. Many of them had already climbed more than ten levels, so it was impossible for them to climb any further.

"Your heart is not sincere enough." The old man shook his head and sighed when he saw that some people were unable to climb it.

After that, another group of people left, and more than half of them passed. Chen Xiang carefully observed, and saw that most of the people that walked up looked to be old, but their cultivation levels were actually higher.

These people were the ones who previously said that they were bullied a lot, but now they knew that only Xue Yunxiong could stop them from being bullied. Thus, they decided to follow Xue Yunxiong wholeheartedly, because they trusted Xue Yunxiong a lot.

Those who couldn’t make it up were mostly those with high cultivation bases. These people were all dressed decently, and looked like they were having a good time.

Chen Xiang guessed that this kind of people all had other motives in their hearts. It was because there were always rumors that the experts that came back from the Myriad Tao Mausoleum had many good divine arts and treasures in their hands.

At this time, Chen Xiang was also asking if he could go over there. He wasn’t really serious about hanging out with Xue Yunxiong, he just wanted to work together with him and under Xue Yunxiong’s protection, if he could avoid being bullied by the ancestor of the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa. If he earned his own Dao crystal, he would also give Xue Yunxiong some.

"I’ll try." Xue Qing patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder, and then quickly ran up the stairs. In just a few breaths, he had already reached the top, and could be considered as having passed.

After Xue Qing came down, the old man praised him: "You little punk, look at you, you seem to be that kind of pampered young master, and your cultivation is also not bad. I didn’t think that a person like you would actually sincerely want to follow this group of people."

"What’s your name?" He wanted to register with Xue Qing, as long as he passed, this old man would know a brand.

"Xue Qing."

"Xue Qing, right?" After the old man finished speaking, he suddenly frowned: "This name is so familiar ..." Xue Qing, could it be ... "

The old man was shocked, he finally understood why such a young man could rush up to him, it was because Xue Qing was Xue Yunxiong’s grandson.

"Shh." Xue Qing smiled at the old man.

The old man immediately understood and nodded, then patted Xue Qing’s shoulders.

Xue Qing pushed Chen Xiang and laughed: "Why aren’t you going."

Chen Xiang spread out his hands and said: "Forget it, I don’t think I can go."

Hearing Chen Xiang’s words, Xue Qing was a little shocked, and asked: "Why? Didn’t you say you wanted Head Xue to protect you?"

"That’s right, but I don’t want to follow him. I came to find him to do business with him." Chen Xiang said.

"Doing business." The old man was a bit curious. "What kind of business?"

"Old grandpa, you probably came out from Myriad Tao Mausoleum with Head Xue." Chen Xiang asked.

"Yes." The old man nodded, because he was Xue Qing’s friend, he still cared a lot about him.

"Do you guys still lack Dao crystal s?" Chen Xiang asked again.

"We don’t need it right now, but we will definitely need it in the future. Don’t tell me you can help us earn a lot of Dao crystal?" The old man said.

I’m just a small figure, how could I suddenly make a profit, and you guys will definitely have to build up a force in the future. When that time comes, your business will be diverse, and you will be able to earn Dao crystal s from many aspects, right? Chen Xiang said.

"That’s good. If you really want to do business with us, you’ll have to take the stairs as well." The old man laughed, "We do not wish for hostile forces to sneak in."

"Then can I really climb it?" Chen Xiang looked at the stage. Many people had tried to go up many times, but none of them were able to, as they were all blocked by a strange force from the very beginning.

Once they were able to cross the first ten levels, the rest were basically fine.

"If you are sincere, you can definitely do it." The old man said, "Only in this way can we trust you."

"Hurry up and go." Xue Qing urged her, because he felt that Chen Xiang was a bit more mysterious and had a strange secret technique to change his appearance. Furthermore, he had to look for his grandfather to do business and even form enmity with the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa.

"Fine." Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Chen Xiang had no choice but to give it a try. He walked to the bottom of the stage and followed the group of people up the wide staircase.

There were a lot of people, but it did not take long for Chen Xiang to feel that there were very few people around him.

He found that he could actually make it through the ten flights of stairs, and then he forced himself up, and soon he was at the top, which meant he had passed.

"How unbelievable." Chen Xiang was very curious about the Heart Refining Platform, it actually had such a strange power.

After Chen Xiang came down, he came to the side of the old man.

"Looks like you don’t have any intentions towards our Head Xue. You really came here to do business. What’s your name?" the old man asked.

"I’m only doing business, yet I have to register?" Chen Xiang said in a low voice: "I don’t plan to ... "I’m used to hanging out with all of you. If I can earn enough, I might just leave."

"As you wish. When you leave, we will not oppose you. After you register, it will be convenient for you to contact us. Moreover, this jade token will allow us to trust each other." The old man laughed, "Quickly say your name."

"Chen Xiang."

Upon hearing the name, Xue Qing took a deep breath: "So you are Chen Xiang, you should just be a little kid."

"I am no brat. Although my cultivation is low, I am no younger than you." Chen Xiang chuckled.

Of course, Xue Qing had heard about Chen Xiang in the Myriad Tao City. He also knew that Chen Xiang was now being targeted by the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa, and the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa wanted to completely control Chen Xiang.

Because of this, the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa also pressured the Phoenix Mountain Villa not to protect Chen Xiang, so Chen Xiang no longer cooperated with the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa.

Many well-informed people in Myriad Tao City knew about this.