Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Xue Qing and Chen Xiang hadn’t known each other for long, but he didn’t know where Chen Xiang’s true origins were. Now that he finally knew, he was exceptionally happy.

His grandfather had just returned from Myriad Tao Mausoleum and was preparing to make a comeback. He also lacked a few capable people to help him, and Chen Xiang was such a powerful Alchemist, even if he was only doing business with his grandfather, his grandfather wouldn’t lose out.

When they were in Myriad Tao City, many people knew that Chen Xiang had earned a lot from working together with Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa.

Now that Chen Xiang had nowhere to go and was willing to rely on Xue Yunxiong, he would definitely allow Xue Yunxiong to earn money as well. Xue Qing was sure of this, but he also knew that Chen Xiang had previously sold Tianhun gold Dan and Gumai Dan through Tai Bo and Feng Ruxue, and they had earned a lot from this trade.

If anyone worked with Chen Xiang now, they would definitely earn a lot.

Very quickly, they selected people who wanted to follow Xue Yunxiong. There were more than 500 of them, and another 200 to 300 old subordinates of Xue Yunxiong.

Of course, compared to the seven great villas and the three great gates, there were only a pitiful few people.

It was difficult at the beginning of everything. Furthermore, as a strong Ranker, Xue Yunxiong would definitely have a way to expand his influence in the future.

"Fellow brothers who have ascended to the Heart Refining Stage, please follow me!" Xue Yunxiong shouted as he flew towards the little village.

Since Xue Yunxiong was able to fly, he must have trained to reach the Flying Path. Experts like him usually trained in a few rare Rule Dao line.

However, flying meridians were something which many experts had to train in.

Anyone who ascended the Heart Refining Stage would be able to obtain a jade plate, and those people with jade plates were all following Xue Yunxiong towards the little village.

Xue Yunxiong did not plan to bring them into the village at all. Instead, he wanted to pass through the village and head towards the forest at the back.

After passing through the forest, they saw a huge city built on a wide plain.

"This is the Cloud Heaven City, from now on, this is our home." Xue Yunxiong laughed loudly, then flew towards the Cloud Heaven City.

The Cloud Heaven City was very big, it was square shaped like a city with walls on all four sides. Furthermore, there was a wall inside the wall, which should be the inner region.

Chen Xiang guessed that the outside world of the Cloud Heaven City must be open to the public. Otherwise, they would not have built it so big, nor would they have built a separate inner region in the center.

"In the future, the outside will be a market or something, and in the middle will be our old lair." Xue Yunxiong said, and this was exactly what Chen Xiang had guessed.

Chen Xiang felt that this Xue Yunxiong must have a way to attract a large group of people here!

The reason why Myriad Tao City was able to gather a large group of people was because there was a Myriad Tao Divine Stele in the middle, and if Cloud Heaven City wanted to gather people here, they would need something similar, if not why would they come here.

Chen Xiang estimated that the Cloud Heaven City was about ten times younger than the Myriad Tao City and could be considered very big for a Villa.

"Could it be that this was created from a divine artifact?" Chen Xiang could only guess, that at this time he had already followed the rest of the people into the Cloud Heaven City, running on the wide and empty streets, and headed towards the center region.

In the center, there was also a small square city. Just now, Xue Yunxiong had said that it would become their gathering place.

"In the middle is the Cloud Sky Villa, which is our foundation. Everyone can live there." Xue Yunxiong said, and then he opened the door. There were actually a few people inside, all of them seemed to be very strong.

"Head Xue, what must we do to attract people to this city in the future? The reason why the Myriad Tao City is able to gather billions of people is because the Myriad Tao Divine Stele is located there. " Someone suddenly asked, which was why Chen Xiang was so curious.

Xue Yunxiong laughed: "You don’t have to worry about that, I have my own ways. As for the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele ... We will have one here in the future! "

This place will also have the Myriad Tao Divine Stele in the future!

Everyone could not believe that the Myriad Tao Divine Stele was an extremely mysterious existence!

If a force could gain control of the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele, then exchanging Dao crystal for Law beads would be much cheaper!

For example, Rare Principle Beads, could only be purchased from powers that required a hundred million Dao crystal s, and after being sold off, would still cost ninety million, moreover, they would only be sold off if they were bought in large quantities, and sometimes even after being sold off, it would cost ninety-five million more.

However, it was said that those powers who controlled the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele could actually use eighty million or even seventy million Dao crystal to refine a Law beads from the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele.

No one knew the specifics of the process, because refining Law beads was a very secret, and it was all the responsibility of the strong warriors in the big powers.

Chen Xiang also found it hard to believe that this would be true. If Xue Yunxiong could really do it, then it would undoubtedly be able to quickly increase the overall strength of Cloud Sky Villa!

He immediately thought about the mysterious Myriad Tao Mausoleum that Xue Yunxiong had gone to before and maybe found out some secrets about the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele from her.

"Everyone, let’s find a place to rest first and pick whatever you want! "Oh right, don’t think that this is just a small matter. No internal fights are allowed here, the moment you discover it, you will be severely punished." Xue Yunxiong said in an extremely strict tone.

The majority of the people here had been humiliated and bullied in the Myriad Tao City. They would not fight, but only fight against the people who had bullied and bullied them before.

"Brother Wang, you stay here and watch. I’ll be right back!" Xue Yunxiong’s face suddenly became serious, and looked towards a direction.

That old man nodded: "Go!" 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Xue Yunxiong immediately flew into the air, towards the direction he was staring at, and when everyone looked towards the sky, they only saw bursts of electric light.

"They’re fighting?" Xue Qing said: "Isn’t that Myriad Tao City over there?"

"Head Xue should be going to fight for the control of the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele!" Although he looked like an old man, Xue Yunxiong was extremely respectful to him.

"Is that okay? He’s the only one who went there? " Chen Xiang was a little surprised. He alone was going to fight for the control over the Myriad Tao Divine Stele.

"Of course this isn’t a problem, there are a lot of fellows who came back from the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. In addition, those three gates haven’t been controlled by the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele yet, so everyone is working together to force the seven great villas to release their power, otherwise, it’ll be a fight to the death." Wang Ge chuckled and said: "Let’s see if the seven great villas dare to fight with us."

Previously, the Seven Great Villa only had three gates. Although the three gates were young and talented and were quite powerful, even if they worked together, they still wouldn’t be able to suppress the Seven Great Villa, which was a far cry from the strength of the Seven Great Villa.

Now that Xue Yunxiong’s group of ancient experts had returned, the pressure on the seven great villas was huge. Even if they could stop the three great gates, Xue Yunxiong and the rest of the strong experts, they themselves would suffer huge losses.

"The seven great villas have controlled the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele for so long, it’s time for other people to have a taste of their sweet spot." The seven great villas have controlled the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele for so long, it’s also time for the others to have a taste of their sweet spot. Xue Qing laughed, "It seems that we will be able to control the Myriad Tao Divine Stele very soon."