Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang felt that it was not as simple as controlling it, because Xue Yunxiong had already tried it himself. This Cloud Heaven City would definitely own his own Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele, and only then would he be able to attract others over.

And now that Xue Yunxiong had gone to fight for control of the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele, he reckoned that it was for something inside the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele.

"Could it be that the Head Xue is trying to extract something from the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele and create its own?" Chen Xiang suddenly said, his words that Brother Wang and the other experts from the Myriad Tao Mausoleum were secretly surprised.

Seeing their reactions, Chen Xiang knew that he had guessed right.

"Not bad, I didn’t expect you to actually think of it." Brother Wang patted on Chen Xiang’s shoulder and smiled: "Our Head Xue has just returned, yet you have come to look for him to do business. Your actions are different from the masses, it seems like you will definitely do something in the future."

Xue Qing curled his lips and said: "He’s already a bit accomplished right now."

"Senior Wang, did Head Xue learn about the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele from the Myriad Tao Mausoleum?" Chen Xiang asked again. The appearance of the Myriad Tao Divine Stele had always been a mysterious matter.

"That’s right, but only the Head Xue has it. The old man from the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa will become a huge obstacle now." Brother Wang said.

"Then wouldn’t Head Xue have to fight with that old fellow? Right now, fighting with someone whose strength is comparable to yours is not a wise move." Chen Xiang said.

"Of course not, Head Xue would not do such a difficult thing." Brother Wang mysteriously smiled, his smile was extremely sinister.

Chen Xiang rolled his eyes as he thought of something, and started chuckling as well.

Xue Qing looked at them in a daze and asked softly: "What are you laughing at?"

"Head Xue should have reached an agreement with some big shots to help them build the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele in their own territory, and would even cooperate with a few of the powers in the Seven Great Villa. After all, moving the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele to one of their own homes was the dream of many powers." Chen Xiang laughed: "This way, everything will go smoothly."

"Although the ancestors of the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa are strong, they are outnumbered. If they were to be attacked by a few powerful forces, the days of their Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa s could be considered to be over."

Brother Wang nodded with a smile: "That’s right, that’s what Head Xue planned to do. Of course, Head Xue only wants to join hands with those villas that have enmity with Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa."

"Where are the three gates?" Xue Qing asked.

"The three great doors are not good people. As soon as Head Xue returned, he had already investigated the three great gates, and in order to exert pressure on the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa, he had only cooperated with the three great gates. In order to obtain control of the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele, the three great gates had also agreed to cooperate with us."

"They didn’t know that our Head Xue had that sort of ability. Head Xue only agreed to help the Southern Bird Villa and the Qilin Villa build the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele because those two villas had conflicts with the old ancestor of the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa."

"Everyone is tired, let’s go in and choose a place to rest." Brother Wang said to the crowd.

Xue Qing patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder, and laughed: "Brother Shen, let us live together, I am curious about some of your matters."

Xue Qing was Xue Yunxiong’s grandson, and the only descendant of Xue Yunxiong, if he could get to know Xue Qing well, Chen Xiang’s future here would be very good, and Xue Qing was also not bad, so he was very willing to be friends with Xue Qing.

There were mountains, water, and gardens. The environment was very beautiful, and Chen Xiang and Xue Qing chose a small courtyard by the lake.

"Brother Shen, I heard that you are very close to that Feng Ruxue, did you take advantage of her?" Xue Qing asked while grinning.

"Nope." Chen Xiang laughed and scolded him: "You look serious, I didn’t think."

"I’m a man too." Xue Qing curled his lips: "I won’t hide it from you. Right now, I’m quite familiar with a little Vermillion Bird in the Southern Sparrow Villa. Now that my grandfather has returned, I’ll have him help me propose marriage."

Chen Xiang had never interacted with people from the Southern Sparrow Manor before, so he did not know much about it either.

"Quite the skill." Chen Xiang praised.

"Don’t be modest, you’re stronger than me. Those twins are also very good ..." Of course, those young disciples of the Villa all want to conquer such a noble and cold beauty like Feng Ruxue. "

"Don’t spout nonsense, Mei Jing Sisters and I are only friends." Chen Xiang shook her head: "Feng Ruxue and I are just cooperating, we are no longer in contact."

"Could it be that you plan to give up just like that? You and Feng Ruxue are so close, it’s a rare opportunity, and many people can’t even try to get close to her. Xue Qing said: "I think you should abduct her and have Phoenix Mountain Villa cry." 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"I don’t have that kind of energy now, I plan to earn some more Dao crystal and make myself stronger. Previously, I almost got enslaved by the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa’s old turtle. Chen Xiang laughed: "What’s more, I have a lot of women, it’s just that you don’t know about them."

"My goodness, I can tell that you have quite a few women just by looking at how smirked you are." Xue Qing laughed: "Oh right, what are you using that appearance for now?"

Chen Xiang immediately changed back to his handsome and youthful appearance. Upon seeing it, Xue Qing nodded his head: "This face is pretty good, but it’s still worse than mine."

"Stop being so smug, I’m going to rest first. Give me the biggest secret chamber here, I’m going to use it to concoct pills." Chen Xiang said: "The Cloud Heaven City is open for sale, when the time comes, I will take out my pills to sell."

"Oh yeah, why do you have so many pills? There are hundreds of thousands of them, and they can’t even grow beans that fast. Did they fall from the sky?" Xue Qing was very curious about this.

"I have my own secret art of alchemy. I can refine many pills as fast as possible. This is my secret." Chen Xiang said: "Go and ask Senior Wang, I want to get a better shop."

"No problem, I’ll go right now." Xue Qing immediately went to find Brother Wang, and Chen Xiang entered the secret room.

He would first rest for four hours, then begin to refine Gumai Dan.

He could refine fifty thousand Gumai Dan in a day, and he could spend a day to refine fifty thousand in a day.

These pills were extremely suitable for the group of cultivators that had just joined the Cloud Sky Villa. Chen Xiang planned to use these to exchange for a better storage space.

After he exited the secret room, Xue Qing who was outside immediately rushed in.

"Chen Xiang, my grandfather has already successfully constructed the Myriad Tao Divine Stele here, I have also met with him. I also told him that you wanted to do business with him, and I will handle the matter regarding him. Xue Qing laughed.