Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Directly cooperating with Xue Qing was naturally not bad, but Chen Xiang felt that he had to ask Xue Yunxiong about some things.

"Your grandfather is really amazing. It’s only been two days, how did he manage to get a Myriad Tao Divine Stele back?" Chen Xiang said, "Can we go take a look at the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele?"

"Of course you can. He said that as long as you are a brother of the Heavenly Cloud Villa, you are free to use Dao crystal s to refine Law beads." Xue Qing laughed: "When the time comes, we can also sell the Law beads and earn a bit of difference in prices."

This was precisely the benefit of having the Myriad Tao Divine Stele. However, Chen Xiang understood that the seven great villas before only allowed the higher ups to use the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele.

However, Xue Yunxiong was very generous to everyone so the seven great villas could not compare to him at all.

The cheaper Fire rule beads required 10,000 to be able to be bought, but if he was the one using the Heavenly Dao, he could use seven or eight thousand Dao crystal.

This meant that the people in the Cloud Sky Villa could use the Myriad Tao Divine Stele to earn a little bit of Dao crystal.

In order to become a tens of millions or hundreds of millions of Law beads, one would need to have a lot of Dao crystal to sell, so ordinary people would not easily do it.

"Grandfather has a secret technique that can extract the soul of the divine tablet from the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele and then use it to construct the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele. The Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele is currently located in the middle of this Cloud Sky Villa." Xue Qing said: "I’ll bring you to see it now."

"What about your grandfather?" Chen Xiang wanted to meet Xue Yunxiong.

"He went to the Southern Bird Villa and the Qilin Villa, and is helping them build the Myriad Tao Divine Stele ... At that time, he will also help me propose to the little Vermillion Bird of the Southern Sparrow Manor, hehe. " Xue Qing was smiling extremely happily. To be able to recognize his grandfather, to have such a strong and powerful grandfather love him so dearly, made him, who had lost both his parents for so many years, feel very happy.

Chen Xiang had already seen the Myriad Tao Divine Stele, he saw that a lot of people were queuing up, using Dao crystal s to exchange for Law beads s.

The Myriad Tao Divine Stele was very small, it looked like a very ordinary stone tablet.

To condense a Law beads, all one needed to do was to place it in a very large storage space inside the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele. The Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele would very quickly condense a Law beads and place it at the top of the stone tablet.

"Grandfather said that in order to attract more people to the Cloud Heaven City, he would sell cheaper Law beads s, for example, Fire rule beads s would sell for 10,000 in the Myriad Tao City, but here, they are selling for 8,000." Xue Qing said: "The Myriad Tao Divine Stele that Grandfather condensed is more stable, seems like it is stronger than the Myriad Tao City. We only need seven thousand Dao crystal to condense it into a Fire rule beads, and it is very stable."

"Sometimes, Myriad Tao City’s Myriad Tao Divine Stele requires seven thousand, sometimes it needs seven thousand and five hundred. Sometimes it needs eight thousand. It’s very unstable."

Chen Xiang stood at the side and watched curiously, saying, "Since Head Xue has extracted the soul of the Divine Stele, it will definitely affect the quality of the Divine Stele."

"It’s possible, but isn’t that a good thing?" Xue Qing laughed.

This was indeed a good thing. If the quality were to fall, then Cloud Heaven City would be able to develop. After a while, Cloud Heaven City would replace Myriad Tao City.

Furthermore, Xue Yunxiong needed to have enough strength to withstand the blows from the other forces.

"Chen Xiang, do you want to get some Law beads as well?" Xue Yunxiong said, "It’s very simple. As long as you put the Dao crystal in, and then place your hand on top of the Divine Stele, you will be able to feel the various rules inside. You can just choose the Law beads that you need to condense."

"Not now." Chen Xiang shook his head, of course he wanted to try, but he was worried that it would be too scary, because what he needed to do were all very expensive types, and would be at the 100 million level.

Chen Xiang observed that the majority of the people here were just going to condense very cheap Law beads, and the most expensive one was only at level 100,000. After all, these people were not that rich. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

But since they could sell the Law beads, they would definitely get rich slowly in the future. It was just a matter of time.

"I need to return to Myriad Tao City." Chen Xiang said to Xue Qing.

"Alright, be careful." Xue Qing nodded: "When my grandfather returns, I will tell him that you have something to discuss with him."

Xue Qing could tell that Chen Xiang was anxious to see his grandfather.

Chen Xiang left the Cloud Heaven City, and then quietly went to Myriad Tao City’s shop.

"Why did it close?" Chen Xiang looked at the sky, it was only the evening now, in the past, there were no shops in Grandma Jiang.

Chen Xiang continued to knock on the door, but no one replied him.

Just as he was about to forcefully retreat, he suddenly felt Feng Ruxue moving towards him. Because he had encountered Feng Ruxue when he used the Flight rule beads that Feng Ruxue had condensed to cultivate his flight path.

Feng Ruxue knew that he was rushing over to look for Grandma Jiang as fast as he could, and at the same time, was telling Chen Xiang that he had something to talk to him about.

Chen Xiang had already changed his appearance. He felt that he would not be recognized, so he sat at the entrance of the shop and waited.

Not long later, he saw a carriage approaching, and Feng Ruxue was inside.

"Beauty told me to tell you that the two sisters followed Grandma Jiang and left Myriad Tao City. She said that the Grandma Jiang was going to bring them to a place, I don’t know the specifics." Feng Ruxue whispered to Chen Xiang.

"Did she say anything else?" asked again. Grandma Jiang was already very mysterious, and now that he had left in such a mysterious manner, he was not surprised.

"The sisters are very grateful to you. They hope to meet you again in the future." Feng Ruxue sighed lightly. Of course she knew how much Chen Xiang had helped the Mei Jing Sisters.

"It’s a pity I couldn’t say goodbye to them. I hope we meet again in the future." Chen Xiang stood up and sighed.

Just as he was about to leave, Feng Ruxue sent him a sound transmission again, "The change in the current situation is too great and it has already exceeded everyone’s expectations. I feel that the old ancestor of the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa is no longer a threat to you."

"I am clear about this, I might not be able to walk around the Myriad Tao City anymore." Chen Xiang said.

"Are we going to the Cloud Heaven City?" Feng Ruxue also knew about the news from the Cloud Heaven City, and she had also advised Chen Xiang to look for Xue Yunxiong.

"Yes." After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he quickly left.

Feng Ruxue sighed quietly in the carriage. She could only blame herself for being powerless back then, and at the same time, blamed their seniors in the Phoenix Mountain Villa for being short-sighted, because she understood Chen Xiang’s potential, especially his method of refining Law beads. If she could withstand the pressure from everyone and work together with Chen Xiang to sell those refined Law beads, she would be able to obtain even more Dao crystal.

She had promised Chen Xiang that she would not tell anyone else about this, so she did not inform the higher-ups in Phoenix Mountain Villa.

Chen Xiang came here to find the Mei Jing Sisters, but now that they had followed him away, he didn’t know where they were going, which made him a little disappointed.

When he returned to the Cloud Heaven City, Chen Xiang saw that there were already many people there, all lining up to pay the rent to Brother Wang.

The shops here were only for rent and not for sale, this allowed him to obtain Dao crystal s endlessly. After all, the Cloud Heaven City still needed a long time to grow.