Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The law of the jungle in the Dragon beast world was much simpler and more brutal than the human world. In order to survive and become stronger, the Dragon beast had to directly kill and devour the other party.

"That’s true! Since you can transform into a human, you must have experienced the most. " Chen Xiang said.

"Of course, becoming a Heavenly Spirit Dragon beast is not that easy." The Longhua Lion sighed as she recalled her many years of experience.

Chen Xiang looked at the stairs, and said: "Previously, many humans entered, but most of them went to the floors above, are there really good things there?"

Every floor of this thousand floor high tower was a very large place. Moreover, it had existed for many years, so the environment inside was no different from the outside. There was still extremely rich dao qi being absorbed.

"Yes, but they are all in the upper echelons. If you want them ..." I’m afraid that it will be very difficult. You have to go to at least the 100th floor in order to be able to see a relatively good world. " The Longhua Lion said: "Generally speaking, with a human being at the tenth level of the Heaven realm, going to the Hundred Floors shouldn’t be too difficult. Only with bad luck would he die on the way."

Chen Xiang did not come for the treasures, he just wanted to know what was hidden inside.

"Brother Long, you must know some of the secrets of Flying Dragon Pagoda. It can’t be a coincidence that Flying Dragon Pagoda suddenly appeared here, right ... Previously, the Dragon beast of the Dragon beast Forest attacked the Myriad Tao City on a large scale. " Chen Xiang said.

The Longhua Lion lowered its head as if it was thinking about something. After a while, it said, "I can tell you! Of course, you’d better not speak carelessly about things like this, because the fewer people who know about it, the better it is for you! "

"Tell me about it!" Chen Xiang said.

"The Flying Dragon Pagoda has ten unique Myriad Tao Divine Stele, every hundred floors has one, and each one is stronger than the last, especially the one at the top! I do not know the specifics, but I know it from my inherited memories. " The Longhua Lion said.

This aroused Chen Xiang’s curiosity. His current goal was to cultivate even more powerful Rule Dao line, and he would need to rely on the Myriad Tao Divine Stele to do so.

This Flying Dragon Pagoda actually had ten special Myriad Tao Divine Monuments. If it was really like that, then the power of the laws within these Divine Monuments must be very rare and special.

"Then, can you guess what’s so special about the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele?" Chen Xiang was very curious about this. If he was sure now, he would go back to stock up the Dao crystal and prepare to go up to take a look.

"There must be a way to use the power of the Spirit Transformation. According to what I know, a lot of Dragon beast that came out of the Flying Dragon Pagoda turned into human forms when they were at the hundredth floor. At that time, there were a lot of Dragon beast whose cultivation was very low and they were far from being able to reach the Three profound realm Realm." The Longhua Lion thought for a bit and said.

"What else?" The Spirit Transformation Law was of no use to Chen Xiang.

"Then I don’t know. In short, the power of law that exists within the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele exists even in this Flying Dragon Pagoda." The Longhua Lion said: "Right, the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele does not need Dao crystal to be able to condense and produce Law beads. This should be the biggest characteristic of it!"

"Although we do not need Dao crystal, when we condense Law beads, we definitely need some other things. However, these things will definitely be easier to obtain than Dao crystal, because many Dragon beast can cultivate out rare laws from the Flying Dragon Pagoda’s Divine Stele."

They could condense Law beads even without using Dao crystal!

That was actually not bad, just that Chen Xiang did not know what kind of Ancient Code could be found here!

"So you’re going in here now?" Chen Xiang felt that they could become friends with the Longhua Lion.

"Yes, we are preparing to head to the tenth floor and guard the stairs leading to the eleventh floor. From the eleventh floor onwards, the Dragon beast are all stronger." The Longhua Lion said.

"Then the next time I come, I’ll directly go to the tenth floor to find you!" I’ll bring some wine next time. " Chen Xiang snickered.

"Anytime!" The Longhua Lion cupped his hands towards Chen Xiang.

"Farewell!" Chen Xiang left the Flying Dragon Pagoda.

The Longhua Lion watched Chen Xiang leave and muttered to himself, "This Chen Xiang is indeed an extraordinary person. He is a mysterious and powerful Alchemist within the Myriad Tao City, and there are no experts protecting him from behind, causing him to hide in all directions. He was recently targeted by the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa’s Wang Long, and the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa’s ancestor actually wants to enslave him.

This Longhua Lion actually knew about Chen Xiang’s situation. It could be seen that he had been hiding in the human world for a long time, and knew a lot about the human world.

"This person is an interesting person. I hope he can live a little longer!" When the Rankers from the Myriad Tao Mausoleum returned, none of them were good stuff. " The Longhua Lion sighed.

When Chen Xiang was about to fly out of the door, he used the Counter Power to make himself invisible and it looked like he would fly out.

So he heard the Longhua Lion’s words!

"None of the treasures that came from the Myriad Tao Mausoleum are good? Could it be that Xue Yunxiong is the same? " Chen Xiang didn’t dare believe it, because he himself had come into contact with Xue Yunxiong before.

"You need to be more careful!" Chen Xiang had only seen Xue Yunxiong from afar, but he had never spoken to him before.

"What if Xue Yunxiong is with the other experts from the Myriad Tao Mausoleum?"

Chen Xiang could not help but worry. He did not know why, but he believed more in the Longhua Lion!

On the way back to the Cloud Sky Villa, Chen Xiang had been thinking about this the entire time, because his current situation wasn’t too good. Xue Yunxiong was the only one he could rely on!

Furthermore, his relationship with Xue Yunxiong’s grandson was extremely good. Previously, he had already trusted Xue Yunxiong very much, and believed that he would be able to go about with a smooth sailing under Xue Yunxiong’s protection and earn a large amount of Dao crystal s! Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"There must be something wrong with that, but unfortunately, I can’t find the Grandma Jiang right now!" Chen Xiang had already arrived outside the Cloud Heaven City.

He did not know if it was because of the Longhua Lion’s words that made him feel that the Cloud Heaven City had suddenly become terrifying.

"Let’s sneak in first!" Chen Xiang allowed himself to become invisible, then he entered the Cloud Heaven City and headed towards the Cloud Sky Villa.

Arriving at the Cloud Sky Villa, Chen Xiang saw Xue Yunxiong. At this moment, he was drinking happily and talking loudly with many people, becoming part of everyone else.

None of them noticed Chen Xiang. After all, Chen Xiang was very proficient in using the Counter Power now, and this was all cultivated by him when he was crossing the Dragon beast forest.

They drank until it was night before Xue Yunxiong went to his room to rest. When Chen Xiang saw that Brother Wang also went in, he immediately floated over and turned into a grain of sand that rolled into the crevice on the ground.

"Brother Wang, that brat Chen Xiang did not follow me over today?" Xue Yunxiong asked in a low voice.

"That’s strange. I clearly gave him a flying cloak, so he should be coming." Wang Ge frowned.

When Chen Xiang heard their conversation, he had a bad premonition. Furthermore, he also saw that Xue Yunxiong seemed to have changed into a different person, his expression filled with evil.