Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang flew in the air for a distance before returning to the Myriad Tao City.

He still had other friends in the Myriad Tao City, namely Tai Shangzhen and the Tai Clan elder. Chen Xiang wanted to find them and tell them everything, so they would be on guard.

In the afternoon, Chen Xiang went to a house near the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele. He entered a large hall and saw Tai Shangzhen at the counter.

Chen Xiang had already changed his appearance, and Tai Shangzhen could not recognise him either. Right now he was worried that Tai Shangzhen was also possessed by the Evil Demon Soul.

"I can only take the risk." Chen Xiang came to the counter and immediately transmitted his voice to Tai Shangzhen.

"Elder Tai, it’s Chen Xiang. How have you been recently?"

Hearing Chen Xiang’s words, Tai Shangzhen’s face was filled with joy. He nodded at Chen Xiang and then brought Chen Xiang to a secret room.

Chen Xiang was also the same, he was extremely worried that Tai Shangzhen had been pushed to the top.

"Chen Xiang, something big happened recently. I never thought you would dare to come back here, it’s too dangerous." Tai Shangzhen said with a serious expression.

"What’s the big deal?" Chen Xiang asked.

"There’s something wrong with the Seven Great Villa’s upper echelons, even Tai Bo and Tai Bao are not in the right either. Recently, they’ve always been asking me about you and asking me to find a way to contact you." Tai Shangzhen frowned: "I don’t know what’s going on, but I keep having the feeling that the righteous energies in Tai Bo and Tai Bao’s bodies had already disappeared."

Tai Shangzhen was originally a Leader of the Supreme Ocean Sword Sect. The way he cultivated the way of the sword allowed him to wield a body of Righteous Qi, which was why he could feel that something was amiss in the Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa.

Chen Xiang sighed. He was sure that Tai Bao and his sister had already suffered.

"What a pity. If I had discovered them earlier, I might have been able to save them." Chen Xiang said with some self-blame.

"What did they discover earlier? Could it be that they’re already dead?"

Tai Shangzhen had a lot of trust in Chen Xiang, when he first came here with the other people, only Chen Xiang had a good relationship with him, other than the few people from the Pill Dao whose locations were unknown, the rest of them had all changed.

Chen Xiang told Tai Shangzhen about what happened to Xue Yunxiong after he was carried by the Evil Demon’s Soul. Upon hearing that, Tai Shangzhen was extremely shocked, his face was filled with fear, because his current situation was extremely dangerous. As long as those people needed him, they would take over his body.

"The two elders of the Tai family should have already died. Their souls have already been devoured by the evil spirits." Chen Xiang said, "Old Tai, you should leave this Eastern Dragon Mountain Villa. Right now, this place is extremely dangerous, anyone with even the slightest of strength would have their bodies devoured. Soon, this Myriad Tao City will be under their control."

"After all, I am friends with Tai Bo and Tai Bao. I want to take revenge for them ... If I am certain that they have been killed, then I will destroy their bodies as well and let them die in peace. " Tai Shangzhen’s tone carried grief and indignation.

"One must have strength in order to take revenge. Tai Bo and Tai Bao are already very strong, and now that they have the Evil Soul’s possession, their powers will definitely become even stronger." Chen Xiang said.

Tai Shangzhen thought for a bit, and also sighed, he was clear about the strength of Tai Bo and Tai Bao, and he was indeed not their match at the moment.

And this Myriad Tao City could not tolerate him any longer. If he continued, he would become extremely dangerous.

"Old Tai, come with me to the Myriad Tao Lake outside the city. There’s a very safe place there." Chen Xiang said. He felt that the Flying Dragon Pagoda was a pretty good place.

"In the Myriad Tao Lake, didn’t a strange tower just appear? There are a large number of powerful Dragon beast there, how can they be safe." Tai Shangzhen was very confused about this.

"That tower is called Flying Dragon Pagoda. Although there are many powerful Dragon beast inside, it is much safer than inside." Chen Xiang said: "Once we get there, you’ll understand."

"Alright, let’s go now." Tai Shangzhen found an excuse, then quickly exited the city with Chen Xiang, heading towards the Flying Dragon Pagoda.

On the way, Chen Xiang told Tai Shangzhen about the situation inside the Flying Dragon Pagoda, because he was worried that there was no way to increase his cultivation.

was extremely happy to learn that there was also the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele in the Flying Dragon Pagoda.

When night fell, Chen Xiang and Tai Shangzhen finally arrived at the Flying Dragon Pagoda, and then, they went up to the tenth floor. He discovered that aside from the fact that the first floor was extremely dark, all of the nine floors above had mountains and rivers, and Dragon beast s as well.

There were many mountains near the tenth floor’s stairs. When Chen Xiang and Tai Shangzhen appeared, the Longhua Lion rushed over.

"You’ll be back in a few days." The Longhua Lion looked at Tai Shangzhen and laughed: "You also brought a friend. You aren’t thinking of rushing over right now are you?" Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"To reach the 100th floor ... I think I’m having some difficulties, but it’s hard to say for my friend. He’s very strong. " Chen Xiang laughed.

Tai Shangzhen was at the peak of the Heaven realm, although he had not reached the Three profound realm, he had only trained in it for a part of its power.

"Brother Long, the fellows that came back from the Myriad Tao Mausoleum are really not good people. I almost fell for them. Chen Xiang thanked him sincerely.

"Oh, so the last time you heard me ..." "So you have a good relationship with those people." The Longhua Lion said.

Chen Xiang nodded.

"Follow me." The Longhua Lion brought Chen Xiang and Tai Shangzhen to his cave. On the way, Chen Xiang introduced Tai Shangzhen to the Longhua Lion.

After entering the cave, Chen Xiang took out some wine, and the three of them drank as they talked about the Evil Soul s.

The Longhua Lion knew more about the affairs of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum than Chen Xiang and the others.

"I think all of you should have guessed it already, that those guys are the Eternal Evil Soul of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, one of the dangers in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. If they were to accidentally enter the Evil Soul’s lair and get their bodies taken by them, the consequences would be the same as now. The Longhua Lion said: "Usually, this is the case for those who have been imprisoned in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum for many years, to come back."

"Then what can I do to see through them?" Tai Shangzhen asked: "The last time Chen Xiang saw me, he was still extremely cautious of me, and worried that I had been caught red-handed."

"Old Tai, didn’t you feel that something was wrong with them? I just couldn’t sense it." Chen Xiang curled his lips.

"However, I can only sense it very vaguely. I am simply unable to ascertain it." Tai Shangzhen shook his head.

"It’s very rare for anyone to sense that something is amiss with them." The Longhua Lion’s face revealed a shocked expression: "That kind of Evil Soul is a very evil thing. If one wants to feel them, one must cultivate their own Qi of Justice to be able to do so."

"Of course, that is a method of direct detection. I have a method that can easily see through them with the assistance of some things."

The Longhua Lion took out three pearls, and said: "These are righteous Law beads, if they are carried with you, the moment that kind of Evil Soul appears, you can find it through this pearl."