Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Ever since the Longhua Lion saw that Chen Xiang had succeeded in refining the Law beads, it had started to admire him from head to toe. Although Chen Xiang was not as strong as it was, this ability was something that he respected.

"What method?" The Longhua Lion trusted Chen Xiang very much.

"You should also have the Laws of Spirit Transformation in your body, right?" Chen Xiang asked: "Generally speaking, Dragon beast can only condense the Spirit Transformation Law after cultivating to the Three profound realm, and then transform into a human, right?"

"Yes, Dragon beast or other savage beasts will automatically form their own Spirit Transformation Dao Veins when they are in the Three profound realm, and become humans." The Longhua Lion said, "After you become a human, you can train with the human body and learn powerful human methods. That way, we beasts can improve more quickly."

"Good, then you can try and see if you can extract the power of the Law of Spirit Transformation from your own Spirit Transformation dao vein and condense it into a bead." Chen Xiang said.

Previously, he had successfully used Feng Ruxue’s Flight rule beads to cultivate and open his flight channels. However, there was a slight mistake, and that was because Feng Ruxue was born with the flight rule, which resulted in him still being able to sense Feng Ruxue.

On the other hand, believed that the Longhua Lion’s Spirit Transformation dao vein was cultivated to the Houtian realm, so he did not think that the situation would occur between him and Feng Ruxue.

"This... Is it really possible? I’ve tried it before, haven’t I? However, I did not succeed, because the Spirit Transforming Law beads that I formed all had some traces that I am unable to be used by others. In the human world, this is also the case. What do you want the Myriad Tao Divine Stele for? " The Longhua Lion shook its head. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"You don’t know. After being refined by me, you will be able to use it. I have succeeded before, so try it and you will know." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Alright, I won’t need anything if I want to try." The Longhua Lion immediately went to agglomerate it.

Chen Xiang waited for a whole day and after that, the Longhua Lion condensed twenty pills for him!

now felt that refining this kind of Law beads did not have any harm, because this would give him more experience. In the future, if he wanted to grow even better, other than refining pills, he would also need to refine this kind of Law beads!

Although it was called a Law beads, he still saw the Law beads as a law pill.

The more Chen Xiang refined, the more proficient he would be. When he refined again in the future, his speed would be much faster, so he was very willing to do this kind of thing.

In a day’s time, those twenty Law beads would be completely refined by him!

The most excited people were still the Longhua Lion, which meant that he would be able to create ten of these Heavenly Spirit Dragon beast soon. These Heavenly Spirit Dragon beast were all very strong, especially after transforming into human forms, their strength had increased by leaps and bounds.

... ....

In the blink of an eye, Chen Xiang had been here for a year. Originally, the Longhua Lion had been together with more than a thousand of them, but now those Dragon beast had all changed into human forms.

Chen Xiang had also broke through to the third level of the Tai Dao realm. He had a lot of Tianhun gold Dan s’ ingredients at hand, and after being refined with the Crash method, their effects had increased many times, which was why he was able to improve so quickly.

"I can’t go on like this. Elder Brother Long, I want to go up now to take a look. Even after a year, there still hasn’t been any news for me." Chen Xiang was a little worried.

"That’s fine too, since you have the ability to become invisible, you should be safe on the way. I’ll wait for a few more brothers and then prepare to go to the 100th floor." The Longhua Lion said.

Chen Xiang nodded his head, and then climbed the stairs. Over the past year, he had also quietly gone to the Myriad Tao City, because the two elders of the Tai Clan had said that the Myriad Tao Mausoleum would open its doors, but it was different now, because there were many changes in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

For example, he had asked the group of Evil Soul s to come back earlier, and now the Flying Dragon Pagoda s had appeared. No one knew when the Myriad Tao Mausoleum would open safely again.

If he had the strength, he could force his way in, but that would be very dangerous.

Chen Xiang used the Counter Power and started to climb up the stairs layer by layer. After passing through the twentieth floor, he realized that the stairs had disappeared!

When he came up from below, he could always see the stairs at once, but not from here.

"Since it’s so big here, it would take some time to find the stairs. No wonder Taibai had been gone for so long. Just searching for the stairs is enough."

Chen Xiang had the flight rules, adding that his flying speed was already very fast, he could fly on the 21st floor to search.

There was a lot of water on this level, just like a vast ocean. However, there were a lot of islands and there were a lot of Dragon beast on each island.

"These Dragon beast are not weak, they are at the several levels of Tai Dao realm!" Chen Xiang flew across an island at a low altitude. Below him, a dragon tiger was chasing after him, jumping up continuously to bite him.

"Going to the 100th level, most of them should have already taken human form!" Chen Xiang now understood why Longhua Lion wanted to develop their own powers. This was because the Flying Dragon Pagoda was the world of Dragon beast.

"Damn it, I finally found it!" After flying for an entire day, Chen Xiang finally saw the staircase, and remembered its location.

He had the Law of Flight, so it was quite easy to find him. If he didn’t have the Law of Flight ... He didn’t even dare imagine how long he would have to search for it.

He was suddenly worried that Tai Qiang would not be able to find the way up because he was trapped inside one of the floors.

When he went to the level above, Chen Xiang thought that he was still at the level he had just been on, because there was still a lot of water here.

"This damned place... I wonder if there really is a hundred levels. " Chen Xiang began his complicated search.

Now that he had only gone up two floors, he felt like he was going crazy. It was hard to imagine what it would be like to go up to the 100 floors.

Thinking of this, Chen Xiang could not help but roar!

"Calm down, you can’t be so impetuous. I’m still alright, if it was anyone else, even if they weren’t killed by Dragon beast, they would have probably gone crazy." Chen Xiang took a deep breath, and calmed himself down.

Just like this, he used two months to finally arrive at the 80th level!

After twenty floors, he spent almost all of his time on every floor, searching for the stairs.

"If I remember correctly, this is the 80th level, and the environment is different!" Chen Xiang was on a floor filled with mud.

He felt that every floor was a huge world. There was a sky and a moon, and it was difficult to find them in a giant tower.

On the lower floors, he had encountered water, fire, thunder, gale, snow, rain, etc., a variety of elements, and this was the dirtiest place.

"I think eighty to eighty-nine people have this kind of character. I have to get out of this suffering as soon as possible." Searching for the floor was originally very boring, and if he were to encounter such a terrible environment, it would cause his mood to become very bad.

After ten days, he finally arrived at the 90th floor. What he did not expect was that there were falling meteorites everywhere. He did not know where they came from but they kept falling like rain.