Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

The old man looked at his disciple run away in anger, and could only sigh, his strength was also limited, he was unable to fight against the Azure Dragon School, and could not help his disciple.

The helplessness of this master and disciple were seen by Chen Xiang. Of course he could not help, because he was only at the third stage of the Tai Dao realm, far from it!

The beefy man came under a big tree. He hit the tree with his fists and broke it with a few blows.

"This elder brother, why is he so angry?" Chen Xiang revealed his real body and walked over to ask.

"Who are you?" The sturdy man could not help but be shocked when he saw Chen Xiang suddenly appear. He thought to himself that he was not cautious enough just now, and someone approached him but did not notice.

"I was just passing by and felt the presence, so I came to take a look." Chen Xiang had a smile on his face, and his tone was extremely respectful and humble.

The muscular man was also an honest man. Seeing that Chen Xiang was so friendly, he sighed: "I am a piece of trash who cannot take revenge for my own brother. I can only come to eat and vent my anger.

"Little brother Chen Xiang, how should I address you?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Yi Chong!" The sturdy man laughed at himself: "Because of this name, I can always easily allow Yi Chong to move."

Chen Xiang had a good impression of the sturdy man, he looked simple and honest, without any wariness towards outsiders.

"Big Brother Yi, are your targets for revenge very strong? Chen Xiang asked. He only knew now that it was the head disciple of some Azure Dragon School.

He is the chief disciple of the Azure Dragon School, and at such a young age, he is already at the late stage of the Heaven realm. Yi Chong’s face was filled with anger when he mentioned him.

"Is the Azure Dragon School very powerful?" Chen Xiang knew nothing about this place.

"You don’t know! Brother, did you come up from below? " Yi Chong was a little surprised, "I heard that it was the Flying Dragon Pagoda’s opening day this time around and it’s not easy to come up from the bottom up in such a short amount of time ... But bro, your cultivation isn’t strong. The lower floors are very scary, and without a certain level of strength, it’s very difficult to get up. "

"I came up with my seniors on the ninety-ninth floor and was lost. Then I found my way up by chance." Chen Xiang sighed, it was as he had guessed, it was very difficult to come here under the Three profound realm, he was worried.

"So that’s how it is, no wonder!"

Yi Chong sat on the ground, leaned against a tree trunk and said: "The Azure Dragon School is built by the Azure Dragon clan within the Flying Dragon Pagoda, and is one of the strongest sects ... In addition, there are the Vermillion Bird Sect, profound Marital School Sect, White Tiger Sect, Qilin Sect, and the Phoenix Sect.

Chen Xiang was secretly surprised, these were the seven great villas outside the Myriad Tao City, he did not know if there was any sort of connection between them during this period of time.

In short, the sects in Flying Dragon Pagoda were much stronger than the ones outside!

"These seven sects were all established by the Beast Race! And humans can also join them, of course, there are sects that humans have built themselves. Although there are many that are strong, they are far from being comparable to sects like Divine Beasts. After all, Divine Beasts are a force to be reckoned with, and it is already good that our human sects are able to succeed in power. "

Chen Xiang never thought that humans could develop so well in the Flying Dragon Pagoda.

"Brother Yi, what sect are you from?" Chen Xiang asked: "Are there any requirements to join these sects?"

"Of course there’s a request. This request might be difficult, but it’s not easy to fulfill either... "Entering those sects requires a fee every year." Yi Chong’s face was filled with displeasure, "A year requires a hundred million Dao crystal s, which are the requirements of the top sects. And the first, second, and third rate sects that come down are respectively fifty million, thirty million, and ten million for a year!"

Chen Xiang was also shocked by the request, it was extremely difficult, if it was in the Myriad Tao City, many people would have been rejected, and now, he knew that Dao crystal were used, and he still had a few hundred million Dao crystal.

"We need so many Dao crystal, where are we going to get them? Oh right, are there a lot of people in the seven Divine Beast Sects? " Chen Xiang asked. If there were a lot of people, then wouldn’t the seven sects be extremely rich?

"The Dao crystal s are mainly going to the other floors to mine, there are a thousand floors. If we are lucky, we can find a piece of the Dao crystal mine, then we would be rich, all of the Dao crystal mines here have reserves of tens of billions of dollars." At this time, Yi Chong was in a much better mood when he mentioned the Flying Dragon Pagoda’s situation to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang had experienced hundreds of levels from the bottom up, and those floors were all filled with extremely rich Dao Qi. It would not be difficult to nurture a Dao crystal mine, and maybe there were also floors below, since every floor was huge, just like a large world.

The resources of the Flying Dragon Pagoda could be said to be very plentiful!

Yi Chong continued: "I don’t have that many Dao crystal s, so I chose a master. My master is also very good to me ... My brother’s luck is good, the person who took him in as his disciple is Azure Dragon School, so he doesn’t need. That way, he can learn the Azure Dragon School’s absolute arts inside the Azure Dragon School. "

"There are quite a few people in the Azure Dragon School, and there are quite a few in the one hundred floors of the Azure Dragon School ... Of course, not all the disciples of Azure Dragon School have to pay a fee, for example my brother, if you are accepted as a disciple by a true disciple of the Azure Dragon School, you will be exempt from the fee. " Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"Is there the Myriad Tao Divine Stele here too?" Chen Xiang asked again: "The Azure Dragon School must have received a lot of fees every year, right? If they have Dao crystal, then wouldn’t they be able to get a lot of Law beads?"

"That’s right, but the Myriad Tao Divine Stele is not fixed here. It will only appear once a month, and once a month, it will disappear. Therefore, all sects and families need a lot of resources to investigate the location of the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele. " Yi Chong said: "So for the rest of us who haven’t joined the big sect, we need more Dao crystal to buy them."

Before, Chen Xiang had heard the Longhua Lion say that the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele was very special, and that the number of Dao crystal used inside wouldn’t be many. But now that he had come here, the things he said were completely different.

It was rather special. It had only appeared after a month, and the location of its appearance could not be determined. This was simply a scam, it would definitely raise the price of the Law beads.

"How many Dao crystal cores does a spatial Law beads need?" Chen Xiang mustered the courage to ask as he was mentally prepared.

"300 million!" Yi Chong said.

Chen Xiang almost fainted. When he was in Myriad Tao City, the Myriad Tao Divine Stele only required seven to eight thousand Myriad Tao Crystals to condense a spatial Law beads.

"How many pills will be needed to form a Dao meridian?" Chen Xiang asked again. If ten of them were to condense it, three hundred million per pellet would only be three billion.

"A hundred pills!" Yi Chong had shattered Chen Xiang’s beautiful fantasies.