Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang really wanted to rush down to find the Longhua Lion and beat him up. Previously, the Longhua Lion said that there were very few Dao crystal that had been used up by the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele.

"Bro, what’s wrong with you? "Why are you so unhappy?" Yi Chong saw Chen Xiang’s expression and asked inside.

"Someone told me before that the amount of Dao crystal here would be very little. Where I was previously, I would only need a hundred million Dao crystal to buy spatial Law beads." Chen Xiang laughed bitterly.

"Did that bastard say that? F * cking fart! There are a lot of Dao crystal here and a lot of them have to be consumed. My master has personally used the Dao crystal to go to the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele and condense the Dao crystal. Otherwise, the cost would be around two hundred million Dao crystal. "

Although this was not a good thing for Chen Xiang, but if he was thinking in a good direction, then this could be said to be a good thing because the fact that he could refine Law beads meant that he could sell it for a higher price.

"Just what kind of existence is this Flying Dragon Pagoda? Each floor is a huge world, could it be that they exist to train the Dragon beast? " Chen Xiang was extremely curious about this.

There are currently two ways of saying. The first way is that the Flying Dragon Pagoda is a boat, and once all the worlds are about to be destroyed, all sorts of raw Spirit Beast would be summoned into the tower. Once the outside world is destroyed and reborn, all the living beings that enter the tower will leave it and become very strong, protecting the world that was reborn outside.

"D. I. Ben. Read. This is the home of all beasts, the birthplace of all beasts. There are many tunnels that lead to different worlds, and they will constantly transport different kinds of beasts to those worlds to maintain the diversity of the world. "" No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.

Chen Xiang felt that the second kind of legend was more reliable, because in many worlds there were dragons and phoenixes.

"Bro, you just came here, I’ll take you for a walk around here!" Yi Chong laughed: "You can stay at my house. My house isn’t very luxurious, don’t despise it!"

"Of course I don’t mind." Chen Xiang was also very happy as he followed Yi Chong to his residence.

Originally, Yi Chong wanted to go down to the ground floor to train, but it was extremely dangerous, so he was stopped by his master at the staircase.

Yi Chong’s house was quite far from here. Chen Xiang followed him for an entire day, and finally arrived at a small town. Yi Chong’s house was located at the side of the town.

On the way, Chen Xiang asked a lot of questions about the hundred floors. He never thought that the Flying Dragon Pagoda was bustling with activity, there were more than a billion humans, with tens of thousands of cities of various sizes, and the places where the seven Divine Beast Sects resided were the most bustling areas.

"It’s hard to imagine such a world inside the Flying Dragon Pagoda." Chen Xiang had not thought that there would be so many people here, but he did not expect that there would be so many of them.

"Of course. The Flying Dragon Pagoda has existed for millions of years, and so many humans have entered the Flying Dragon Pagoda. Furthermore, there are the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele and endless resources inside that place. Yi Chong said: "My ancestors lived in a small world. After that small world was destroyed, he was lucky enough to survive, and even opened up a path to Divine Wasteland.

Chen Xiang was currently in Yi Chong’s house. This was a large house, only a little old, probably left behind by his ancestors.

"Sigh, after my younger brother was crippled, it would be difficult for him to recover in the future. Right now, walking is a problem. The head disciple of the Azure Dragon School is also quite cruel. He said that we’re all from the same sect, but he actually showed no mercy. " Although Yi Chong was furious, he was mostly feeling helpless.

"If I had known earlier, I would have stopped him from fighting for the position of chief disciple. Now, it’s all ruined."

Yi Chong doted on his brother a lot, and his brother’s achievements were much higher than his. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have had the strength to fight for the position of chief disciple.

"Where’s your brother?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It’s in the Azure Dragon School! His master had been good to him too, and had been left by him in the Azure Dragon School to recuperate! Azure Dragon School’s current chief disciple is a very brutal person. Originally, my brother was about to admit defeat, but he didn’t give my brother the chance to do so. "

Chen Xiang could guess what happened during the competition.

"You rest for a few days first, I will go with you to the Flying Dragon City, and prepare to start the Flying Dragon Association there." Yi Chong said: "At that time, let’s see if we can meet up with my brother." VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"Flying Dragon Association?" Chen Xiang had heard of it before, but at that time, he was eavesdropping, so he did not dare to ask.

"It’s the once in a hundred years grand meeting of the Flying Dragon Pagoda. At that time, the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation will appear in the Wyvern Square in the middle of the Flying Dragon City ... Those Myriad Tao Divine Stele only appear once every hundred years, and the number of Dao crystal that are required is extremely small. That plaza can hold tens of thousands of people to condense Law beads at the same time.

"With my strength, can I go too?" Chen Xiang never thought that there would be such a good thing. He felt that the Longhua Lion saying that the Myriad Tao Divine Stele here required a few Dao crystal ought to refer to the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation that had appeared.

But before that, I must definitely accumulate a few more Dao crystal. Otherwise, when the time comes, I can obtain a placing, but there won’t be many Dao crystal that would go and condense their Law beads. Yi Chong laughed: "Your chance is relatively higher because you’re a Tai Dao realm cultivator. Although there are ten stages to the Tai Dao realm, because the condition of your dao veins is different from that of the Celestial Sect of Wonders, your strength cannot be determined by just your cultivation alone."

"My Heaven realm is not good. The difference of one level is like heaven and earth." Yi Chong said: "At that time, I will just join in the fun to see if I have the chance to take revenge on that bastard."

"How long until Flying Dragon Association starts?" Chen Xiang asked. Although he had several hundred million Dao crystal in his possession now, it was not much, and he was worried that it would not be enough.

"One more year!" Yi Chong said: "Time is tight, we will need more than a month to get to the Flying Dragon City!"

How could it be so far away? This allowed Chen Xiang to have a clearer understanding of the world inside the Dragon’s Level 100. It was actually so vast, and far from being as small as it looked from the outside.

Chen Xiang rested for a few days before hurrying with Yi Chong to the Flying Dragon City, where there were no Dragon beast along the way. Yi Chong said that all of the Dragon beast on this floor had long been killed and had gone to another floor to hide, so in order to kill the Dragon beast, one had to go to another floor.

After more than a month, Chen Xiang and Yi Chong finally arrived at the Flying Dragon City. The Flying Dragon City didn’t have city walls, but it was an extremely huge city, and there were over a hundred million people present.

Flying Dragon Association was organized by the people who came down from the 200th floor, and this was to ensure fairness. Chen Xiang had already been understood the specifics, so the details would be announced when they started.