Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 275 - Divine Weapon’s Trail

------------ Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Another day passed. Early morning, sunlight shone upon an embracing couple of a strapping young man and a beauty. The scene seemed to be very warm. Chen Xiang opened his eyes, he had released a rather large amount of Heavenly Sun Fire Spirit’s Fire Qi, making him very tired, and it was only because Long Xueyi was keeping a close watch on the surroundings was he able to embrace a beauty and rest.

Liu Menger’s beautiful and stunning face return to its past splendor, and at this time, she appeared even more beautiful and moving, as if a flower has bloomed, filled with a kind of glamorous charm.

"She has fused successfully." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang nodded his head, but he did not release Liu Menger from his embrace. He was worried that in the future, he would not be able to hold Liu Menger again, despite knowing he would definitely be cursed by Liu Menger.

Liu Menger, feeling the dazzling sunlight shining upon her, slightly lifted her eyelid, raised her head and looked at Chen Xiang. Her blurred pretty eyes were filled with a complex look, she too didn’t know how she should face this kind of thing. At this moment, she had already recovered her strength, but she did not leave Chen Xiang’s arms.

"Sister Menger, congratulation! You have fused with the Fire Spirit." Chen Xiang sincerely congratulated, then lightly stroked her hair.

"En! Thank you!" Liu Menger said in a tender tone. At this time, she suddenly felt that there was something strange inside her nails, causing her to think of how she mindlessly scratched Chen Xiang’s back when she was enduring the pain.

Just when Liu Menger wanted to clean up Chen Xiang’s wound, Chen Xiang closely hugged her and said, "It’s nothing serious. I will not let you go, lest I’m unable to hold you in the future."

Liu Menger lightly spat, "Little fool, quickly release me. If I’m like this with you, what do you want me to do?"

Chen Xiang released Liu Menger and obediently laid down on the ground. Liu Menger, seeing the numerous staggered bloody scratches on Chen Xiang’s back, felt a heartache. She once again looked at both of her hands, which were filled with blood and some skin she had scratched out.

After Liu Menger woke up, the atmosphere was not as embarrassing as Chen Xiang had imagined. On the contrary, it was filled with a light warmth, making Chen Xiang feel secretly happy.

"Sister Menger, your flames are now very formidable, right?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I think my Fire Spirit is much special than I imagined! You little rascal also have Fire Spirit, right, and it seems it is also as formidable as mine." Liu Menger, with some herbal water, carefully wiped those deep scratches on Chen Xiang’s back. Unconsciously, her eyes became somewhat moist, although she knew these small injuries were rather nothing to Chen Xiang, she still felt an inexplicable pain in her heart.

"En, regarding our Fire Spirits, it can’t be spoken to anyone! Because there is a powerful organisation that specially crossed worlds to catch Fire Spirit users! Not to mention this organisation can even seize the Fire Spirit within one’s body! Sister Menger, you definitely have to keep it a secret." Chen Xiang seriously exhorted.

"I know about this organisation, it is called Fire God Temple. My parents once told me about them, and told me that if I ever go to the Heavenly Realm, I must avoid the Fire God Temple, no matter how rich the condition they give. I cannot join them." Liu Menger’s complexion also turned dignified.

After some kind of powder was applied on Chen Xiang’s back, he felt cool, and very soon, the flesh on his back began to regrow, filling up those deep scratches. It was the White Jade Dan, and regarding ordinary external injuries, was very useful.

Chen Xiang’s clothes have already been clawed through, so he just took off his clothes. Liu Menger didn’t felt shy, as if she had been accustomed to this. Her eyes were peering at the white dragon tattoo on Chen Xiang’s left arm as she asked, "What is this?"

"Tattoo." Chen Xiang casually said. Liu Menger also didn’t hold any doubt, as she didn’t feel anything wrong with the white dragon.

Liu Menger released her jade lotus disc, and after she boarded with Chen Xiang, it flew towards the Fragrance City.

"Sister Menger, give me a hug!" Chen Xiang said in a low voice.

"No way, we will be seen and it will not be good." Liu Menger rejected the request of little rascal.

Chen Xiang sighed in disappointment, before laying down on the disc.

"Little rascal, do not always think of something bad, you need to become strong... I’ll enter the Heavenly Realm much quicker than you, by that time..." Liu Menger didn’t continue to speak.

Chen Xiang smiled and said, "Sister Menger, after you go to the Heavenly Realm, will you wait for me?"

"But of course!" Liu Menger knew Chen Xiang was certainly out of ordinary, after the kiss with Chen Xiang, she found her own feeling towards him had already become clear.

Hearing Liu Menger’s affirmation, Chen Xiang felt relieved.

"You can’t let Xianxian and Youlan know about this." Liu Menger said with a flush on her face, thinking of cheating with her only apprentice’s husband, she suddenly felt extremely ashamed. She felt very bad, and at the same time, she cursed Chen Xiang, this little rascal, who was actually so lascivious, even made a move on his wife’s master.

Chen Xiang sat up, looked towards Liu Menger, took out the Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade and said, "Sister Menger, now only the whereabouts of the White Tiger Divine Weapon remains unknown. We already have the three divine weapons, perhaps after we bring the three weapons together, it could produce a contact with the fourth White Tiger Divine Weapon."

While speaking, on Chen Xiang’s body, the Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor already appeared.

Staring at Chen Xiang wearing a battle armor, looking prestigious and handsome, Liu Menger was in a trance. Last time, after she saw Chen Xiang put on the Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor, she had a complex mood for Chen Xiang.

"Little rascal, when I was scratching your back, why did you not released the Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor?" Liu Menger lowered her head and spat.

"You have the Vermillion Bird Tender Thread, I was afraid that if I released it, it would affect your fusion with the Fire Spirit." Chen Xiang grinned, "Sister Menger, hurry up and release your Vermillion Bird Divine Weapon."

Liu Menger nodded her head, waved her tender white hands, only to see a transparent ribbon appear on her hand, wrapped around her body. She looked like a fairy, making Chen Xiang stare at her in a daze.

When the three divine weapons were brought closer together, it exactly happened as Chen Xiang had predicted, it really produced a bizarre contact. Very soon, in Chen Xiang and Liu Menger’s mind, a tiger’s roar resounded, filled with slaughtering aura.

"It can really sense the White Tiger Divine Weapon’s location, what the hell is it?" Chen Xiang muttered.

Liu Menger looked at the direction from where the tiger roar came, her voice became rather serious, "It came from the direction of the Free Immortal Sea, I heard there is a huge whirlpool in the nearby sea, and every once in awhile, it will appear. Is it because there is a mysterious realm?"

"Should be. How often does that whirlpool appears?" Chen Xiang hastily asked.

"Three years, I’ll inform you after investigating." Liu Menger said. At this time, she had become very close with Chen Xiang, and now her thoughts were mostly for the sake of Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang nodded his head and received the Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor and the Azure Dragon Slaughtering Devil Blade. Liu Menger was the Empress of the Divine Weapon Heavenly Empire, of course she would have gathered information regarding the other forces, specially the Free Immortal Sea. For this powerful influence that had suddenly appeared, she had even sent someone undercover.

"Sister Menger, give me a kiss." Chen Xiang pulled Liu Menger’s sleeve and said with an evil laugh.

"Humph, do not give!" Liu Menger attitude was very firm, then softly added, "It is not that difficult to see us. And if we are exposed, we will definitely be in trouble."

A translated work of Xianxiaworld