Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

After cultivating the spatial dao vein, Chen Xiang finally felt a bit of safety, and now he dared to work even more boldly.

"I have to go out and try." After Chen Xiang came out of seclusion, he went to find Wu profound and asked him how he was going to get to the 101st floor.

"You want to go to the upper level? Why are you going there?" Wu profound asked.

"I just want to take a look. Could it be that that floor is very dangerous?" Chen Xiang heard that there weren’t any Dragon beast on this level, which was why he wanted to go to the upper level. As for the ninety-nine floors below, they were filled with meteorites.

"I am certain of the danger. If you go with your current cultivation level, it will be a bit inappropriate, why don’t I touch you? I am at the late stage of the Heaven realm anyway." Wu profound laughed.

Chen Xiang already knew that Wu profound was at the late stage of the Divine Sky Realm. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have been able to defeat the Young Master of Drunken Fragrance Pavilion so easily.

"No need, I’ll go myself. Don’t forget that I’m a Alchemist." Chen Xiang laughed mischievously. Wu profound immediately remembered that since Chen Xiang could refine Law beads, he must definitely cultivate in a rare and powerful Rule Dao line.

"I’m just worried that you might get hurt. Since you think that’s okay, then go and take a look." Wu profound nodded.

"Oh right, Wu profound, do you know the disciples of Azure Dragon School, I heard that they are very powerful." Chen Xiang asked. When he came here, he immediately knew Yi Chong, Yi Chong’s brother was injured by that disciple.

When was in Flying Dragon Association, he said that he wanted to fight to the death with that disciple, so Chen Xiang felt that he had to help Yi Chong. After all, Yi Chong was a decent, honest person.

Hearing Chen Xiang talk about the disciples of the Azure Dragon School, Wu profound’s face slightly changed.

"This fellow is very powerful, very terrifying ..." All of the sects are extremely surprised that he is able to become their disciple, because the reputation of the Azure Dragon School is not bad, but the current disciple is a sinister and ruthless person. " Wu profound shook his head: "Disciple here means that in the future, he will take over the entire sect, and there’s a very high possibility for him to become a Leader."

"If such a person were to become the Leader, it would be an extremely terrifying matter."

"Isn’t he at the late stage of the Heaven realm? You are also at the late stage of the Heaven realm, so your strength should be comparable to him, but you seem to be very afraid of him." Chen Xiang said. Since they were both at the late stage of the Heaven realm, the difference between them shouldn’t be too big.

Wu profound shook his head: "Other than needing to comprehend, Heaven realm still needs Law beads to cultivate. The difference between the initial, middle, and late stages of Heaven realm is really because of the Three profound Divine Junctures."

"Three profound Divine Junctures." Chen Xiang had heard that the Heaven realm mainly required one to open three profound entrances. As long as he could open one, he would be able to enter the Heaven realm.

"The Heaven realm opens up the Three profound Divine Junctures, and after it comes the Three profound realm. The main thing is to cultivate the Three profound Divine Junctures, and the Three profound realm also consumes a lot of Law beads." Wu profound saw that Chen Xiang had a face full of doubt and said, "Let me tell you something then ... I really don’t know what’s going on with you. Even though your pill forging is incredible, you don’t know a thing about cultivation. "

"You are now at the tenth level of the Tai Dao realm, and have already cultivated the Spirit of the Dao gods to the maximum, and the next thing to do is to strengthen the Spirit of the Dao gods, and unearth the power of the Spirit of the Dao gods, allowing the Spirit of the Dao gods to release even more dao energy in one breath. This way, when we use dao energy, we can instantly use more dao energy, and our power will also become stronger."

"How much stronger?" Chen Xiang asked. Right now, he also felt that the bottleneck they had to face was not enough Primitive Tao Power s, even though he could transform into an even stronger profound door based on the Ancient Code and Rule Dao line.

However, Spirit of the Dao gods was, after all, the source of every power.

"Under normal circumstances, the difference between the tenth stage of the Tai Dao realm and the initial stage of the Heaven realm would be ten times, and the difference between the early and middle stage of the Heaven realm would be ten times, while the difference between the middle and late stage is still ten times."

Hearing that, Chen Xiang’s face changed slightly: "Doesn’t that mean that there’s a thousand times difference in strength between you and me now?"

"Of course not, I was talking about the usual case. If the Gate of Wonders is really big, or if there is a strong and rare Rule Dao line, the difference between you and I can be shortened to a hundred times."

Chen Xiang curled his lips: "So that means you’re much, much, much stronger than me."

Wu profound laughed, "That’s right, although my strength is thousands of times stronger than you, my ability is far inferior to yours. I work for you everyday, I am your subordinate."

"How do I open the Three profound Divine Junctures?" Chen Xiang asked.

"So you’re saying... This will depend on luck and perception. " Wu profound sighed: "There are some who can’t break through to the late stage of Heaven realm even after they reach the early stage of cultivation very quickly. This is fate."

"There are three divine entrances within the Spirit of the Dao gods, which are known as the Three profound Divine Junctures. When I opened one of the profound entrances, the amount of dao energy that surged out of the Spirit of the Dao gods was more than ten times that of before."

Chen Xiang understood quite a bit, and said: "After clearing three profound God s, you should be able to reach the late stage of the Heaven realm, don’t you think that there are no pills that can help you to open the Three profound Divine Junctures?"

"No, I’ve never heard of any miraculous medicine that could help me. But at this stage, eating Law beads s can help me understand the key to clearing Three profound Divine Junctures, and every person’s situation is different, I also ate a lot of Law beads s to succeed." Wu profound said: "Furthermore, you have to eat those that are very expensive, and the help will be great. Since you can refine Law beads, it shouldn’t be a problem."

Wu profound felt that Chen Xiang would only be able to break through sooner or later. After all, he knew how to refine pills and he could earn a lot of Dao crystal.

"Will I be able to break through? I’m very worried about getting stuck in this Heaven realm." Chen Xiang laughed bitterly.

"Well... It’s hard to say. The son of the Leader s from the White Tiger Sect was stuck here for too many years, laughed at by others for so many years, then committed suicide. The White Tiger Leader s expended a lot of resources, but in the end, none of them succeeded. "

"Don’t scare me." Chen Xiang pretended to be terrified. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"I really am not trying to scare you. To tell you the truth, one of my big brother was like this, watching as the people beside him continuously broke through Heaven realm, and he kept on walking, until he finally had to leave his family. It was really too hard to endure in that kind of environment."

"Using Law beads can help me comprehend. If I don’t understand the way to open profound God, then Law beads will just be wasting their time." Chen Xiang couldn’t understand this point.

If the Law beads is fused with the Spirit of the Dao gods, it can strengthen the Spirit of the Dao gods and make it stronger. This can forcefully extract more dao energy when you really need it, and can increase your strength by quite a bit. " Wu profound said: "When you’re training, I’ll understand for myself."

Chen Xiang had a fairly good understanding of the Heaven realm now, so he decided to wait for him to personally go and cultivate for a while. He would leave the profound Wu Dan Pavilion and head towards the one hundred and first floor.