Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang closed up for more than ten days, but he did not make any progress at all. He had no choice but to let Wu profound buy Dragon beast s worth one hundred million.

He wanted to try using the Dragon Law Rule Beads and see if he could gain insights into the Three profound Divine Junctures if he ate it.

Wu profound did not know why Chen Xiang wanted so many corpses of the Dragon beast, but he did not ask.

Chen Xiang still had three billion Dao crystal s, which was a lot in the eyes of many. However, Chen Xiang felt that it was very little, because he wanted to cultivate Heavenly Alchemy Dao line!

He had asked Wu profound before, but there was actually a Heavenly Alchemy Dao line here.

But there was something here from the beginning, which made Chen Xiang feel that the rules were very ancient as well!

However, Heavenly Alchemy rule Beads s were extremely expensive, and in Wu profound’s eyes, they were supreme powers of the Ancient Code. He didn’t even know what use the Ancient Code had.

Wu profound did not know whether or not he had trained in the Laws of Heaven, but although many sects knew that there existed such laws, when the Myriad Tao Divine Stele appeared, they had never used a Dao crystal to condense them, because condensing a single Heavenly Alchemy rule Beads already required a price of over four billion.

Wu profound had heard that if one bought one, it would require at least five billion Dao crystal s!

Under normal circumstances, a hundred Law beads would be required to cultivate it, but a hundred would be required to buy one. I. Ben. Read. Fiction requires five hundred billion Dao crystal!

So even though Chen Xiang had three billion now, he felt that it was far from enough, even though he only needed twenty Law beads s!

"We can only look at Flying Dragon Association!" Chen Xiang planned to cultivate in seclusion for another half a month. If he was unable to open one of the profound God s gates, he would temporarily give up.

This was because he wanted to earn more Dao crystal. After he obtained the Flying Dragon Association’s quota, he would be able to use the least amount of Dao crystal to condense even more rare Law beads.

"A hundred million Dragon beast corpses can allow me to condense two Dragon Law Rule Beads!" Chen Xiang did not expect to receive such a huge harvest.

Although the Law beads s here were much more expensive than the Myriad Tao City s, the corpses of the Dragon beast s here were very cheap, and the corpses here contained even more Dragon Energy.

"Two Dragon Law Rule Beads s is six hundred million, but I only used one hundred million! If I refine them again, these two Dragon Law Rule Beads can be sold on the black market. At that time, they will definitely sell for two hundred million! " VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Thinking about it, Chen Xiang felt joy in his heart, it was just that the refining process was a little more complicated than before, it would require at least an entire day to be completed. However, it would save them a lot of costs, and it would still be more worthwhile. At least they wouldn’t need to let those powers earn so many Dao crystal.

The next thing he wanted to do was to make the two Law beads for himself to eat, he wanted to see if he could figure out a way to open the Three profound Divine Junctures.

He ate one of them. It was worth a billion and it made his heart ache, but he had no choice, it was all for the sake of allowing him to quickly break through to the Heaven realm!

After eating it, he immediately fused the power of the law that the Law beads refined into the Spirit of the Dao gods. He did not know what uses it had, and that was what Wu profound told him.

He focused his mind and refined the power of law into the Spirit of the Dao gods!

"The tenth level of the Dao Dan realm is only a matter of cultivating the Spirit of the Dao gods to the mature state, but it is not at the peak of strength. I feel that there is still room for display." At this time, Chen Xiang could feel that the Spirit of the Dao gods was becoming stronger.

Although the Spirit of the Dao gods was strong, it was still the same as before. The amount of Primitive Tao Power extracted from it was the same as before, with the same intensity, it did not increase by much.

Very quickly, more than ten days had passed. Chen Xiang did not gain anything, but he had slowed down to refine the Law beads bit by bit.

"Looks like my time isn’t up yet!" Chen Xiang took out another Dragon Law Rule Beads. He was considering to eat it, and continued to try to open the Three profound Divine Junctures.

"Eat another one!" Chen Xiang had decided that if he did not succeed, he would stop for a period of time to earn Dao crystal s.

Before he ate, he gave Wu profound another two hundred million Dao crystal s and told him to purchase the corpse of the Dragon beast. For the time being, he did not tell Wu profound the uses of the Dragon beast.

Wu profound had told Chen Xiang before, the majority of Flying Dragon Pagoda were filled with Dragon beast s and Dao crystal, as if they were endless. After so many years, the resources inside did not decrease, but instead became richer and richer, which was also the reason why many rankers did not want to leave the Flying Dragon Pagoda.

After Chen Xiang ate the second pellet of Dragon Law Rule Beads, he did not have much hope. Even if he failed, he would not lose the Law beads, because the Law beads could continue to strengthen his Spirit of the Dao gods.

While Chen Xiang was cultivating, more than ten days had passed unknowingly. Even now, he had not made any progress, and just when he was feeling a little disappointed, he suddenly felt the Spirit of the Dao gods moving!

The Spirit of the Dao gods was like a golden ball of light floating in the sky within his Divine Sense Sea. It emitted a piercing light, just like the scorching sun at noon, and was still revolving non-stop.

At this time, his Spirit of the Dao gods was violently swaying!

"What’s going on? Don’t tell me that I have to open a profound God Barrier? " Chen Xiang also did not ask Wu profound what would happen when he made the call.

He immediately focused his mind and looked inside the Spirit of the Dao gods.

The inside of the Spirit of the Dao gods was in chaos, as though it was a golden ocean that was constantly churning.

As the Spirit of the Dao gods shook non-stop, the light it emitted became even more intense.

"What is this? White pearls? " Chen Xiang saw a white pearl inside the Spirit of the Dao gods. It was not big in size, the remaining space was just big enough to fit two of these pearls inside.

"Could this be the profound God Pass?" Chen Xiang saw that the Spirit of the Dao gods had stabilized, and then tried to circulate it.

In that instant, he suddenly felt that the Primitive Tao Power he extracted from the Spirit of the Dao gods was more than ten times stronger than before.

"I’ve broken through?"

Chen Xiang couldn’t believe it, he thought he would need at least a few years, because Wu profound had previously said that it would be extremely difficult. But now, he had only eaten two Law beads s that he had refined himself, and had successfully broken through.

"Seems like stepping into the Heaven realm will not be difficult!" Chen Xiang walked out of the secret room happily.

"Chen Xiang, the corpse of the Dragon beast that you wanted, here!" When Wu profound saw Chen Xiang coming out, he immediately passed two Storage bag over. "I can’t hold it in anymore, I really want to know what you’re doing this for!"

"The thing that makes a fortune!" Chen Xiang laughed, "How many Dao crystal pills? I mean. After the refinement, the pill would be five times better than the original. Six times! "

When Wu profound heard it, he was stunned, and he took a deep breath: "Dragon Law Rule Beads s are slightly more expensive than other Rare Principle, they need three hundred and fifty million. If it’s a large quantity, then it’s actually three hundred million Dao crystal s.