Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 276 - High Rank Tournament

------------

Chen Xiang stuck out his tongue. Although Liu Menger said so, in his heart, he was still somewhat happy, because the current scenario was not what he had imagined. He had thought Liu Menger would ignore him, but now it seemed Liu Menger acquiesced her feelings.

The Flying Disc’s speed had become even faster. Chen Xiang knew that after the fusion with the Fire Spirit, Liu Menger’s strength improved by a lot, he was also happy for Liu menger.

"We will soon arrive at the Fragrance City!" Chen Xiang said with some excitement.

"Little rascal, aren’t you too anxious to see that seductress, Hua Xiangyue?" Liu menger suddenly became extremely jealous as she spoke with a tone filled with jealousy.

Chen Xiang laughed and said, "Of course not! Hua Xiangyue, although pretty good, but still not as good to me as Sister Menger. She at most had sold the spirit herbs to me at some cheaper price, but Sister Menger and I have gone through life and death."

"You little rascal, which demon technique did you use to charm that seductress, Hua Xiangyue?" Liu Menger felt a lot better. What they had experienced together had already laid a foundation for their relationship, while Hua Xiangyue, from the start, only wanted to win Chen Xiang over, so naturally, her relation was not as good as Liu Menger’s with Chen Xiang.

When they were just about to reach the Fragrance City, Liu Menger covered her face with a white muslin and said, "We will go to the the Divine Weapon Shop in the Fragrance City. If you have important business even though you have to look for Hua Xiangyue, do not delay because of me."

Liu Menger realized that Chen Xiang definitely came to the Fragrance City to participate in the alchemy tournament, and also to purchase some precious herbs. A large auction would be held here, if he processed things through Hua Xiangyue, it would naturally be much easier. She didn’t want to delay Chen Xiang just because of how she felt.

"Sister Menger, you’re truly good!" Chen Xiang reluctantly smiled and said. Liu Menger was like a virtuous wife, he knew Liu Menger’s heart had already been captured by him, and it was only because of some reason that they had yet to break the final layer.

Chen Xiang, with a hat and a black cloth on his face, followed behind Liu Menger into the Fragrance City in a quick speed. Many others dressed like them could often be seen in the Fragrance City, because some people were worried about exposing their identity, lest unnecessary trouble would come knocking at their door.

After entering the Divine Weapon Shop, just as the owner saw Liu Menger, he suddenly jumped from shock, then respectfully brought Liu menger and Chen Xiang on the third floor.

Liu Menger would often come to the Fragrance City in order to buy a large number of dans, that was why the owner so easily recognized her. Here it was also her residence.

After entering, Chen Xiang shamelessly pestered Liu Menger, and eventually, Liu Menger softened as she hugged and kissed Chen Xiang. It was also the first time she had a kiss with Chen Xiang under clear conscious, and she only promised this once.

After kissing, it was already a little more than half an hour, and Liu Menger was completely flushed red. She scoffed and said, "There will be no next time, unless you can... justifiably stay together with me!"

Chen Xiang sighed lightly, together with Liu Menger justifiably was easier said than done. Although three wives and six concubines were common in this world, one must still have the ability to do so, especially to get someone like this goddess, Liu Menger.

Seeing Chen Xiang looking dejected, Liu Menger spat, "Greedy little rascal, you have Xianxian and Youlan, these two beauties, yet you are even having the idea of me..."

Chen Xiang mischievously laughed, "Who made Sister Menger become so enticing. No way, besides, I also have a little ability... Cough Cough, I still have to look for Hua Xiangyue. That seductress cannot wait to eat me out completely."

Liu Menger became jealous, she tenderly snorted and said, "Then leave quickly!"

Chen Xiang happily left. Liu Menger licked her lips and recalled the feeling from a while ago. She could not help but heave a complex sigh, "Little rascal, I’ve spent six Nirvana Tribulations, there are three more left. I don’t know if I can survive... I just don’t want you to be too sad at that time"

Nirvana Tribulation was very frightening, people who had never experienced it would not understand how nervous Nirvana Realm martial artists were, especially when the Nirvana Realm was approaching, it was like end of the world. Liu Menger had crossed six Nirvana Tribulations, and crossing them was not very easy, in fact, she almost died.

Chen Xiang had just arrived at the stairs, but after listening to Long Xueyi conveying this sentence to him, he actually clenched his fists. He obviously knew about Nirvana Tribulation; many Nirvana Tribulation martial artists fell in their eighth and ninth tribulation. It was also the reason why even though many sects had been established for many years, there were still a scarce amount of Nirvana Realm martial artists. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"Little rascal, don’t bother her too much. It seems her seventh tribulation is about to come! If her mind is not calm, it would be very detrimental to her when her Nirvana Tribulation comes." Su Meiyao said.

"She have the Vermillion Bird Tender Thread, and she had also fused with the Fire Spirit, they will aid her in crossing the tribulation." Bai Youyou said. She was comforting Chen Xiang, and this caused Chen Xiang to feel warmth.

"You can ask Elder Dan or Gu Dongchen to talk about their experience while crossing the seventh tribulation. This information will be very helpful to her. I think it is better to ask Elder Dan, she is a woman, she will surely describe it in more details." Long Xueyi said.

Chen Xiang nodded his head. No matter the price, he would make Elder Dan look for Liu Menger and tell her about her experience in crossing the tribulation. He knew Gu Dongchen’s strength was not as good as Elder Dan, that was why Elder Dan must have crossed her seventh Nirvana Tribulation.

After strolling around outside, Chen Xiang inquired about many of the stuff he wanted to know. The first thing he asked about was the auction, and the second was where to register for the alchemy tournament. All in all, the tournament was divided into three levels, low rank tournament, which was for 1st and 2nd level alchemists; middle rank tournament, which was for 3rd level and 4th level alchemist; and finally, the high rank tournament, which was for 5th and 6th level alchemist. The high rank tournament was the most watched tournament, moreover, the rewards were also very rich, making the tournament really worth watching.

"There are still three months left before the registration ends. I do not want to participate in the middle rank, I want to participate in the high rank tournament!" Chen Xiang clenched his fist, then rushed towards the Danxiang Tower.

"At the very least, you have to be a 5th level Alchemist, and the bar is too high for becoming a 5th level Alchemist!" Su Meiyao said.

Chen Xiang arrived at the Danxiang Tower. Each floor had a plaque, representing each level of alchemist. He remembered that the 5th level of the alchemist was more detailed compared to previous levels.

"The 5th level Alchemist is divided into low level, medium level and high level. The low level requires the capability to refine three kinds of Low Grade Profound Level Dans. Now I can refine the Elemental Spirit Dan and the Building Foundation Dan, I am only short of one dan!" Chen Xiang clenched his fist, he was secretly excited, "It is enough, I can register for the high rank tournament if I can become a 5th level low level alchemist."

The Elemental Spirit Dan and the Building Foundation Dan had a relatively high content of metal. And because the ingredients for refining Building Foundation Dans were lacking, when refining Low Grade Profound Level Dan, many will not choose refining Building Foundation Dan. It was also true for the ingredients of the Elemental Spirit Dan, moreover, its refining difficulty was also big. If Chen Xiang didn’t have a fire spirit or had much experience in refining the Building Foundation Dans, he probably would have failed too many times. In Su Meiyao’s opinion, his ninety-nine failures were already very rare and heaven defying.

Because it was too difficult to refine the Profound Level Dans, no matter what kind of Profound Level Dan it was, as long one could refine it, it meant the improvement of their alchemy level. That was why 5th level alchemists and above ranks were once again divided. Otherwise, in light with the previous low levels, one must at least be able to refine three kinds of middle-grade profound level dans before their alchemy level would improve.

A translated work of Xianxiaworld