Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"You ... Why didn’t you say so earlier? " Chen Xiang’s expression became somewhat ugly. If he was added to the group of Three profound realm, he would definitely cry to death.

"Hehe, you don’t have to worry about that. You shouldn’t be thrown into the Three profound realm group, but the later stages of the Heaven realm are certain, at least you’ll be with those disciples." The old man laughed sinisterly.

Chen Xiang tightly held onto the ten Law beads s. This was indeed not good for him.

In that group of disciples, the strength of their Dharmic powers was above 2000, but he was only 100. If the competition rules were related to strength, then he would be in deep trouble.

If he could obtain a placing and enter the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation, with the fifty billion Dao crystal in his possession, he would definitely be able to earn a huge sum of money and obtain far more benefits than the ten stalks of Flight rule beads in his possession.

Chen Xiang sat on the ground silently, he was in a very bad mood.

... ....

This was the difference between the Three profound realm and other people. Chen Xiang now knew that his speed was simply too fast.

"Qin profound is here." When Chen Xiang saw Qin profound, his speed was much slower than many of the Three profound realm s. There were even some in the late stage of the Heaven realm who were faster than him.

Chen Xiang suddenly realised something.

Qin profound knew the rules of the competition, so he deliberately slowed down his pace so that he could lower the number of participants in the group.

Now he finally understood why Qin profound was so relaxed before. It was because he understood the rules of the competition.

However, the old man previously said that the rules of the competition were confidential, yet Qin profound actually revealed it to Qin profound.

"There’s something fishy about this Flying Dragon Association. I spit on it, to think I felt that it was very fair before." Chen Xiang secretly sneered in his heart.

When Qin profound arrived and found out that Chen Xiang was actually ranked tenth, he was extremely shocked. Now he understood why Chen Xiang could run away last time, because Chen Xiang had a secret method that allowed him to move extremely quickly.

In battle, speed was also very important, and it was also a part of one’s strength.

Therefore, Flying Dragon Association’s words made sense from the new group arrangement.

Many people knew that Chen Xiang was the tenth in the early stage of the Heaven realm, so they were just as shocked as Qin profound. They were secretly glad that they were not in the same group as Chen Xiang, because facing such a terrifying speed, it would be difficult for them to hit him.

Wu profound came, one of them was Chen Xiang who ran for ten and obtained ten Flight rule beads. When he was pleasantly surprised, he suddenly knew that the second round would start from a new lineup, so when he saw Chen Xiang’s ugly expression, he could understand Chen Xiang’s feelings.

"I was careless." Chen Xiang sighed.

"It’s fine, you use that piece. Even I don’t dare to underestimate you with that kind of strength. To be honest, even if I wanted to hit them, it would be very difficult. I’ve fought against the Three Profound experts before so I can’t even touch a single hair on their bodies." Wu profound shook his head and sighed.

"Alright, next, I just hope that I won’t be included in the monsters’ group." Chen Xiang sighed.

The Human Ranking 6 had been renewed, and the 100 slowest people had been eliminated.

After half a day, the few elders who were in charge of the Flying Dragon Association finished their new arrangement.

Chen Xiang’s face did not look good, because he was now in the same group as Qin profound. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Because Qin profound’s speed was too slow, he didn’t need to be in the same group as the Three profound realm.

"Now we’re in trouble, I’m actually in the same group as you." Wu profound frowned: "My speed is very slow .... "Why are you in this group?" Wu profound was very suspicious.

"This Flying Dragon Association is not fair. Clearly, someone intentionally arranged it this way. We have to be careful, and all of the disciples are also in this group." Chen Xiang said in a heavy voice.

That’s right, they are so afraid of Qin profound, when the time comes, they will definitely help Qin profound, and in the second round, there will be a hundred people eliminated. Wu profound nodded.

"In the second round, we will have a competition to hunt Dragon beast. All the powerful Dragon beast will have Dragon beast Dan in their bodies, and at that time, the hundred people in each group who obtain the least Dragon beast Dan will be eliminated." The old man said.

"The time limit is one month. Other than that, you still need to go to the 110th floor of the Flying Dragon Pagoda. We will be there first." The old man said.

The second round was not a battle, so Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief.

"Do we still need to regroup after the second round?" One of them asked, which was what many people wanted to know, Chen Xiang was not the only one who complained that he was placed in a strong group.

After resting for three days, you can begin to hunt the Dragon beast. At that time, all the Dragon beast Dan that you have obtained will have to be handed over to us. " With that, the old man flew away.

Wu profound took out his horse carriage and entered it with Chen Xiang.

"Wu profound, help me get the one billion corpses of the Dragon beast. I’ll be refining the Law beads for the next three days." Chen Xiang said with a serious expression.

"Alright." Wu profound knew what he was going to do. Chen Xiang was currently in a very dangerous situation and he was also in the same situation. There was still time for Chen Xiang to make a breakthrough during this period of time.

"I can already feel that this is someone who Qin profound is colluding with the Flying Dragon Association, and has purposefully lined me up with him. It looks like he’s deliberately trying to kill me." Chen Xiang’s face darkened: Don’t think I’m easy to bully.

To use such a method to deal with him, this sort of unfair treatment was extremely infuriating.

After returning to the profound Wu Dan Pavilion in the Central Region, Wu profound immediately bought a billion corpses for Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang took it and quickly refined it.

"I need to become stronger, I need to get a placing in the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation. I need to find out who colluded with Qin profound."

Chen Xiang’s heart was filled with anger, now he could only increase his own cultivation quickly, in order to win the next round.

In two days of time, Chen Xiang had refined twenty of them. If it was anyone else who had consumed them, they would be able to cultivate a set of Dragon Path Meridians.

And he wanted to use these Law beads to clear the second profound God, and step into the middle stage of the Heaven realm.

Wu profound was waiting for Chen Xiang. The three days of rest were already up, but Chen Xiang did not come out ... He could only continue to wait.

Now, the others had all started to go to the higher floors of Flying Dragon Pagoda to hunt Dragon beast s, only Chen Xiang and Wu profound had not come out.

After waiting for five days, Wu profound suddenly heard the sound of a dragon’s roar coming from inside the profound Wu Dan Pavilion, and it was from Chen Xiang’s secret room that the roar came from.

At this time, Chen Xiang’s body was being encircled by a scattered green dragon. He didn’t know what was going on either, he only knew that he had already opened the second profound God, and was already at the middle stage of the Heaven realm.

"The green dragon in my second Divine Sense Sea actually came out of its own body."

Chen Xiang pinched the green dragon, he could feel that there was a blazing Dragon Blood moving inside the green dragon’s body, and it was a living green dragon.