Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 277 - Hundred Beasts Dan

------------

Among the low-grade profound level dans, there were some which were rather easy to refine, however, these dans seemed to be of no use to many people, and their herbs were expensive. These kinds of dans only had one advantage, and that was to be used for practice. Although herbs were very expensive, they were still not as rare as the herbs for the Building Foundation Dan and the Elemental Spirit Dan.

Chen Xiang decided to go for the Hundred Beasts Dan. This dan was comparatively easy to refine, but it was among the less useful type. Because the herbs were expensive, and the refining difficulty was a little harder than the high-grade spirit level dans, it was included in the low-grade profound level dan.

The Hundred Beasts Dan was mainly used to feed or lure spirit beasts. It was greatly appealing to all spirit beasts from grade one to grand nine, it was a dan which could make spirit beasts advance their level, however, to humans, it had no effect whatsoever. That was why it was not among the useful dans, yet it was still sold in certain markets, especially for those who were raising their own spirit beasts, to them, it was an essential dan.

Among the low-grade profound level dans, there were other kinds of dans, but those were not commonly used. There were a good several kinds of detoxication dans, healing dans, as well as some dans which were rather useful for specific purposes. They were also relatively more difficult to refine, however, as long as an alchemist has mastered the basics of refining the Building Foundation Dans and the Elemental Spirit Dans, refining these dans would not be that difficult.

"The herbs of the low-grade profound level dans are all very expensive, it seems I really have to look for that seductress, Hua Xiangyue." Chen Xiang said in a low voice as he climbed up the Danxiang Tower.

There were some herbs which were not open for sale to the public. Only someone with special demands and good relations with the Danxiang Taoyuan could buy these herbs. This was Danxiang Taoyuan way to prevent them from being bought by hostile forces or devil path sects.

Chen Xiang’s relation with the Danxiang Taoyuan was very good. Last time, he had saved the disciples of Danxiang Taoyuan, and he himself was very familiar with Hua Xiangyue. Not to mention in the Southern Wasteland, he had once again saved the disciples of the Danxiang Taoyuan. In the tower, Chen Xiang didn’t reveal his identity, he only said he had important business and wanted to discuss with Mrs. Li.

Mrs. Li, once she saw a man with half his face covered, could not help but frown. At this time, she suddenly heard a voice transmitted into her ear.

"Mrs Li, it’s me Chen Xiang!" Chen Xiang’s voice was like cemented into a wire, which was transmitted directly into Mrs Li’s ears, causing Mrs Li to be slightly surprised. She nodded her head to Chen Xiang, and then took Chen Xiang to higher floor.

"Young Master Chen, I know you will come. Dean had told me that once Young Master Chen arrived at the Fragrance City, he have to be treated as a VIP." Mrs Li said with a kind smiled.

Dean? The Danxiang Taoyuan’s Dean actually thought so highly of him, and this made him a little flattered. He laughed and said. "Mrs. Li, I already have a place to lodge, I came here to buy spirit herbs, and I need to buy them in bulk."

"Young Master Chen, what if I let you talk with Manager Hua? She is not far from here, and she will be able to come here quickly. If the amount is too large, it’s better to deal with her."

Mrs. Li was somewhat surprised. A while ago, the Extreme Martial Sect had just purchased a large number of dans from the Danxiang Taoyuan, but now Chen Xiang also wanted to carry out a bigger trade. A brat that could have so much wealth was rather marvellous.

Mrs. Li knew that Chen Xiang could refine the Building Foundation Dan, but knowing how to refine didn’t mean he had already refined countless Building Foundation Dans. For this, she felt it was quite a pity.

Chen Xiang waited for less than half an hour before Hua Xiangyue arrived. Once she saw it was Chen Xiang, she let out a soft snort, "Little guy, aren’t you overflowing with riches? Yet you’re still looking for a discount from me, huh?"

It was obvious that only after Hua Xiangyue had dressed herself well did she come. She wore a snow white longuette, which revealed her white and jade-like pretty shoulders, as well as her delicate and beautiful collarbone. Along with a beautiful red glistening hair ornament, Hua Xiangyue was rather enticing. With a slightly shaking shiny gemstone earrings, this stunner at the moment was the most charming woman Chen Xiang had ever seen.

Seeing Chen Xiang’s dazed appearance, Hua Xiangyue was proud in her heart, she walked to the chair beside Chen Xiang and gracefully sat down. Her delicate fragrance wafted towards Chen Xiang, and after it drifted into Chen Xiang’s nose, he could not help but feel refreshed.

Hua Xiangyue, this charming and mature had a dismissive smile hanging on her face. She said in a mocking tone, "Little rascal, am I beautiful today?"

Chen Xiang nodded his head and spoke very seriously, "Very beautiful, if you take off your clothes, you will be definitely more beautiful. Although you are already very beautiful, I feel you will be a lot more beautiful without them!" Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Hua Xiangyue suddenly began giggling, "You little rascal have not changed a bit, what do you want to buy, speak quickly! Right, you little rascal actually hid from me that you know how to refine Building Foundation Dans, so hateful!"

Speaking till here, for some unknown reason, Hua Xiangyue became angry, which left Chen Xiang somewhat baffled.

"I want the herbs for the Hundred Beasts Dan, aside from the spirit beast’s core and the auxiliary herbs, I want the rest."

Chen Xiang had a lot of monster cores. In the Southern Wasteland, he had even killed a profound beast and obtained the devil elemental nuclei, which could also be used for refining Hundred Beasts Dan.

Hua Xiangyue was somewhat shocked. She did not know why Chen Xiang wanted to refine Hundred Beasts Dan, and it seemed he needed a lot of materials.

"How many sets do you want?" Hua Xiangyue asked, "Beast Elemental Fruit, Spirit Beast Grass, Clover Roots, Demon Flower, these four?"

Chen Xiang nodded his head, "First give me fifty sets."

"So many!" Hua Xiangyue shouted in surprise, "You want to do what?"

Chen Xiang smiled and said, "Of course it’s for alchemy. I am planning to become a 5th level Alchemist, albeit low level, but with this, I can participate in the high rank tournament."

"Little rascal, don’t you know only to refine Building Foundation Dan? That is a rather common among the low grade profound level dans. As far as I know, among the low grade profound level dans, only the Building Foundation Dan and the Hundred Beast Dan are relatively easy to refine. As for the others, either the herbs are rare, or they are very difficult to refine. Now with only three months left, it is certainly too late. You obediently register for the middle rank tournament!" Hua Xiangyue advised.

"I do not want you to waste your money on these irrelevant matter!"

Chen Xiang just smiled, "Xiangyue, let’s make a gamble then? If in three months I can become a 5th level Alchemist, give me a kiss."

Hua Xiangyue tenderly snorted before decisively denying, "I’ll rather not bet!"

This left Chen Xiang somewhat surprised, he didn’t expect Hua Xiangyue to actually refuse so decisively.

Chen Xiang stuck out his tongue, then asked, "Sister Hua, approximately how many crystal stones should I need to pay you? Do you have enough materials here?"

"Don’t worry about it. There is no one to buy them for too long, the ingredients must be moldy by now. Although this stuff is good for practice, its refining time is too long. Unless there is a large number of spirit beasts to nurture, its usefulness is not that great." Hua Xiangyue, seeing Chen Xiang was so resolute, could only give up, "Each set for two hundred thousand crystal stones, it is lot cheaper for you."

Chen Xiang, regarding this price, was also quite satisfied, because from one set, he could refine seven to eight dans, which could be sold for two to three hundred thousand crystal stones.

However, the total amount he had to pay was about ten million crystal stones, which caused Chen Xiang’s heart to ache. For this, he had to pay two thousand True Elemental Dans. Before arriving, he had brought more than ten thousand True Elemental Dans, he didn’t expect to suddenly be relieved of so many. What he was most worried about was whether these True Elemental Dans would be enough for the auction.

A translated work of Xianxiaworld