Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Ru Xue, what plans do you and your family have for the future? "This time around, I am truly sorry for making things difficult for you all ..." Chen Xiang felt that this child phoenix of Feng Ruxue’s was really not easy to deal with.

"This Flying Dragon Pagoda is so big, there must be a place for us here. My grandfather and the others are planning to venture into this Flying Dragon Pagoda, and I will go with them." Feng Ruxue said: "Actually, if it wasn’t for you, we wouldn’t even know what the face of the Phoenix Sect is like!"

"Look at the two profound Wu Dan Pavilion in the Central Region. You can go find them when you have time and chat with them." Chen Xiang said: "After all, these phoenix doors on the hundredth floor are not orthodox. It is possible that the phoenix doors on the thousandth floor and above would be a little better."

When Feng Ruxue heard that the Mei Jing Sisters and the others were here, he was pleasantly surprised. "Alright, I’ll go look for them now, I won’t disturb you anymore!"

Chen Xiang saw Feng Ruxue to the door, then quickly went to find Wu profound.

"Wu profound, quickly open the door! There’s an urgent matter!" Chen Xiang knocked twice before he opened the door hastily.

"What is it? The seven great sects are coming for us? " When Wu profound opened the door, he was so shocked that his face turned pale.

"If the seven great sects really did attack me, do you think I would be so calm?" Chen Xiang laughed as he entered Wu profound’s room.

"Since when have you been so calm?" Wu profound curled his lips: "What exactly happened?"

"The Leader s of the seven major sects are coming over!" Chen Xiang said calmly.

"What?" Wu profound had just let out a sigh of relief, but his face immediately turned green again from fear. "Look at you, you’re already like this, why are you still so calm! What should we do now? " Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"Don’t worry, they only came a few days after Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation appeared. We still have time! At that time, we will quickly exchange all of the Dao crystal for Law beads s and then fly far away. " Chen Xiang said: "I heard that the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation only allows Late period of Three profound realm and those below to enter, right?"

That’s right, that’s right, that’s not bad, you are so strong, you are invincible in the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation, hahaha. Wu profound laughed loudly. He knew Chen Xiang’s capabilities, especially his ability to preserve his life and escape, were extremely outstanding.

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "I came to ask you, when the time comes, can we exchange all of our Dao crystal for Law beads in a short period of time?"

"I’m not too sure about that. There are so many of your Dao crystal, but it seems like no one has ever brought so many of them in before." Wu profound shook his head: "We will be able to enter very quickly, and at that time, we will know. Right now, the most important thing is for us to safely leave the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation."

"At that time, the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation will definitely not be safe." Chen Xiang clenched his fists and said: "I’m going to rest. I need to wait for the best preparations."

... ....

At the same time, he was also familiar with the power of the Three profound realm. At the same time, he needed to understand the Three profound realm better in order to quickly break through.

Before this, he already knew that the strength of the Three profound realm s would be extremely terrifying, but now, he could feel that it was very correct that he had chosen to open the profound doors at all costs, allowing him to lay down a very good foundation.

A few days later, in the middle of the night, there was a loud explosion accompanied by an intense earthquake.

Chen Xiang immediately stood up and looked out the window. He saw that the Center of Flying Dragon City’s Wyvern Square was covered in white light.

"Chen Xiang, the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation has appeared." Wu profound shouted from outside: "We need to hurry."

"Alright!" After Chen Xiang opened the door, he and Wu profound immediately headed to the Wyvern Square.

Arriving at the Wyvern Square, Chen Xiang saw many people. In the middle of the Wyvern Square, there was a large ball of white light that covered everything, making it impossible to see what was going on inside.

There was a small entrance at a place in the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation, which was the entrance to the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation, and at the entrance, there were a few old men guarding it.

The people who had passed the first three rounds, were now all lining up to enter the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation. Chen Xiang and Wu profound’s arrival made many people retreat, and even the people in front of them had to quickly move out of the way.

"The both of us have passed the third round of examination. We can enter now!" Chen Xiang asked with a very calm tone. Both he and Wu profound took out a jade tablet.

"But... You can enter! " He did not know why he suddenly became nervous. Maybe it was because he had seen Chen Xiang’s lightning like strength before, and had witnessed how Chen Xiang killed Li Li with his own eyes, but when he saw Chen Xiang, he could not help but be respectful.

Chen Xiang and Wu profound anxiously walked in, this way, even if the experts of the seven big sects came, they would not be able to do anything.

"Is the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation safe?" Chen Xiang looked around, all the stone tablets in the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation were as tall as a person, and had only reached 10,000 just now.

It should be safe now. Even the people from the Late period of Three profound realm can’t beat you. The old men at the door earlier were all from the Six Gods Stage, but they were also very afraid of you. Wu profound said as he anxiously took out a few Dao crystal s and poured them into a piece of Myriad Tao Divine Stele. "Inside this Myriad Tao Divine Stele, there is a lot of space to hold these Dao crystal s.

Very quickly, Law beads appeared on top of the Myriad Tao Divine Stele.

"This is ..." The Flight rule beads! " Chen Xiang said: "How many Dao crystal did you use?!"

"30 million!" Wu profound was overjoyed, "About ten times less!"

"Only ten times!" Chen Xiang was a little disappointed.

"Ten times is not a small amount. Under normal circumstances, a Dao crystal would need three hundred million to buy one, but ten would be bought at three hundred million." Wu profound curled his lips: "This is enough for me."

"Do you only want to exchange for Flight rule beads?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Yes, I want to fly." Wu profound laughed.

"Fine, you exchange for 12 pills. I’ll help you refine them. That should be enough for you to cultivate your flying Dao meridian." Chen Xiang said.

At this time, more and more people came in.

"That’s great!" Wu profound laughed.

Chen Xiang also took out a Dao crystal and placed it inside a Myriad Tao Divine Stele.

"Chen Xiang, what Law beads are you refining?" Wu profound asked.

"Secret!" Chen Xiang chuckled, and then waited for the Law beads s that were condensed at the top of the Divine Stele.

Very quickly, a Law beads appeared on the Divine Stele. This Law beads was much larger than normal Law beads.

"What kind of Law beads is this? It’s actually this big! " Wu profound was shocked. He had never seen or even heard of such a Law beads.

"As for the use of Heavenly Alchemy rule Beads, I’m not sure either!" Chen Xiang took the Law beads and frowned: "It took up one billion of my Dao crystal!"

Wu profound gulped his saliva. He did not think that Chen Xiang would actually come here to get something like this, he had already told Chen Xiang before, Heavenly Alchemy rule Beads s consume a lot of energy.

At this time, in the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation, he had actually spent a billion Dao crystal to obtain it. He also wanted to know what this kind of Law beads could be used for, to actually be so precious.