Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

After Chen Xiang took out one pellet, he went on to make a second Heavenly Alchemy rule Beads. However, after he put in the one billion Dao crystal, he actually did not manage to condense another.

"What’s going on? Is one billion Dao crystal gone just like that? " Chen Xiang ruthlessly smacked twice on the Myriad Tao Divine Stele.

"Are you sure you have enough Dao crystal s?" Wu profound asked, he also felt that it was strange. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"I’m very sure that I let a billion Dao crystal in." Chen Xiang said softly when he saw someone walk in.

Wu profound didn’t know what was going on either, but he shook his head. After all, Heavenly Alchemy rule Beads s were rarely seen, and a majority of people had never even heard of it.

The first time he heard of Heavenly Alchemy rule Beads, he was in the Myriad Tao City. At that time, someone told him that Heavenly Alchemy rule Beads were extremely special, and when they first started to refine, they needed extremely few Dao crystal. And later on, they would need even more Dao crystal.

Thinking about this, Chen Xiang continued to place the Dao crystal in. After he added 200 million, a Law beads appeared on top of the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele.

"Motherf * cker!" "It really is a scam!" Chen Xiang cursed in his heart, he did not know how much more he would need.

"Why is it okay again?" Wu profound asked.

"I need even more of those things." Chen Xiang said in a low voice: "I don’t know if I have enough Dao crystal s or not."

"There’s actually such a thing!" Wu profound was also extremely surprised.

At this moment, more and more people came in. There were more than a thousand of them, and all of them were still alive after the third battle.

Originally, those chief disciples would definitely come in, but now that they were killed by Chen Xiang, it was extremely lonely and desolate.

Chen Xiang traded the Myriad Tao Divine Stele and put in the one billion Dao crystal. He thought he could exchange for a Divine Stele so he could use fewer Dao crystal.

This time, Chen Xiang used one and a half billion Dao crystal to condense one pellet.

"It’s already three pills!" Chen Xiang felt that he should be more than enough to condense a dozen pills, but he quickly felt that his idea was very wrong.

Because on the fourth pill, he used two billion Dao crystal. Each time the number of Dao crystal increased was very strange, without any pattern.

At the fifth pill, he spent three billion!

"Damn it, the fifth pill only cost thirty pills!" Chen Xiang ruthlessly struck the Myriad Tao Divine Stele. Previously, he thought that he would be able to call the wind and summon the rain here with the forty billion Dao crystal. However, he didn’t expect this kind of result.

Then, the sixth grain was used four billion, the seventh was used five billion, the eighth was used six billion, the ninth was used seven billion, and the tenth was used eight billion!

"Alright, my Dao crystal is almost used up!" In less than an hour, Chen Xiang had almost used up all of the Dao crystal in his possession, leaving him with only about a billion.

"How much is it?" Wu profound knew that Chen Xiang was extremely rich. Although he had taken ten billion to buy the Dragon beast, he still had forty million, so his usage of the Dragon beast was much faster than’s.

"Close to 390 ... A hundred million is only his ten pills. " Chen Xiang was so angry that he wanted to scold them, this Heavenly Alchemy rule Beads was much more precious than he had imagined.

Although there were only ten pellets, he could use the Heavenly Alchemy to refine Law beads into a pellet to increase its effectiveness! Otherwise, he would need a hundred pills.

If he used the Myriad Tao Divine Stele outside, it would be hard to imagine how many Dao crystal s he would need to gather a hundred of them. He felt that fifty billion was a conservative estimate, if it continued to grow, it would be possible even if it was a trillion.

But this also meant that the Heavenly Alchemy rule Beads were extraordinary, even with a large number of them, it was difficult to fill up the amount that was needed to increase.

"Fortunately, I came in early. If there are people who want to condense Heavenly Alchemy rule Beads, then they will definitely need more!" Chen Xiang had nothing else to do here, he observed his surroundings to see if there were any suspicious people.

The Law beads that Wu profound needed to condense all very little consumed Dao crystal, so he still needed some time.

"It’s getting slower and slower, mainly because more and more people are coming in here. What dogshit Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation, they are basically disassembled into ten thousand pieces of the Divine Stele." Wu profound snorted.

Previously, Wu profound only needed a moment to condense one pellet, but it would take a moment to condense one pellet, but after a while, he was only able to condense three pellets in two hours.

Because the people of Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation had already reached three thousand!

"Only a thousand people participated in the Flying Dragon Association. Where did the rest of the two thousand come from?" Chen Xiang frowned, he now understood why the seven major sects wanted to reduce their numbers, because the more people there were, the slower they would be. Even if there were more Dao crystal, it would still take a lot of time.

"They must have come from the seven great sects. I just don’t know if there will be more people coming in. There are still seven thousand seats." Wu profound said.

Chen Xiang concentrated and listened to the other people’s conversations. See if he could find out if they were the people from the seven big sects.

Soon, he heard something that piqued his interest.

"What’s going on? The Heavenly Alchemy rule Beads was actually unable to condense ... Didn’t the Leader say that it only required a billion Dao crystal? Now, the one billion Dao crystal have already entered and been refined, but are unable to condense any Law beads. "

"Go out and ask Leader. Anyway, this Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation is now ours, and we can enter and exit as we wish." Another person said.

Leader s of the seven major sects had already arrived, they were outside!

What surprised Chen Xiang was that Leader s of the seven major sects were condensing Heavenly Alchemy rule Beads s, but they were too late. He was also secretly happy, just now that disciple had put in one billion Dao crystal and it had already been refined by the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele. If he did not continue putting in the Dao crystal, the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation would not return it.

Chen Xiang had already condensed ten Heavenly Alchemy rule Beads before this, so if someone wanted to condense the eleventh pellet, that would require at least eight billion Dao crystal.

Just as Chen Xiang was rejoicing secretly in his heart, more than thirty elderly people suddenly came in from the Late period of Three profound realm.

"Wu profound, something’s wrong!" Chen Xiang anxiously patted Wu profound and said softly: "More than thirty old fellows from the Late period of Three profound realm have come. Seems like they are here to mess with me."

Chen Xiang had done it long ago, and now he was only helping Wu profound condense his Law beads, because Wu profound himself wanted to earn his own Dao crystal using these Law beads.

Chen Xiang handed over the recently condensed Law beads s to Wu profound, then he walked towards the thirty-odd elders.

They had all seen Chen Xiang’s portrait before, and the reason they came here was to look for him.

"Chen Xiang!" A tall and sturdy old man at the front shouted in a cold voice.

"Are you looking for me?" Chen Xiang asked: "You want to kill me? Who sent you? "

"We are not here to kill you, we are here to capture you! We are disciples of the Three profound realm s of the seven major sects, the Leader allowed us to come in just so that we could capture you and bring you back. Do you know the crime that you have renounced? " The old man asked coldly.

"I don’t know. Can you tell me?" Chen Xiang laughed and said.

"He’s still laughing even when a great catastrophe is about to befall him!" "Fine, I’ll tell you now!" When the old man saw that Chen Xiang was still smiling mischievously, he immediately became angry: "You are making a ruckus in Flying Dragon Association, killing the heads of the seven major sects ...."

"You don’t need to say anything!" Chen Xiang suddenly brandished his sword, and no one knew when he had already called out his sword, nor did they see how he had stabbed it, but they only saw that a new hole had appeared on the strong elder’s neck and forehead.