Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 278 - Disappeared Mainland

------------

Hua Xiangyue, seeing Chen Xiang’s somewhat painful appearance, was secretly please.

"Take it. I wish you can be successful, but according to my experience, unless you have not failed this Hundred Beasts Dan one hundred to two hundred times, you will not be successful." Hua Xiangyue handed the four main herbs of the Hundred Beasts Dan to Chen Xiang,

Chen Xiang received them over, smiled and said, "These fifty are enough for me to be successful, don’t you know I’m an alchemy genius! But I truly didn’t expect you to carry so many spirit herbs on you."

"That is of course! I’m the one in charge of Danxiang Taoyuan." Hua Xiangyue, to Chen Xiang’s words, was doubtful. She had never heard of anyone becoming successful in refining the Hundred Beasts Dan in just fifty tries.

Chen Xiang pretended to be surprised, "So to say, Sister Hua, you are a rich madam?"

"Hei hei, are you now regretting not receiving me as your maid?" Hua Xiangyue teasingly said, extended her beautiful hands and lightly stroked Chen Xiang’s cheek. Those pair of watery eyes stared at Chen Xiang flirtatiously and with affection; they were glistening in tempting and captivating splendor, causing Chen Xiang to fiercely gulp down a mouthful of saliva.

"But of course, if you were my maid, I’d have you accompany me to sleep everyday and bath with me together." Chen Xiang lightly held Hua Xiangyue’s tender and beautiful hands, and said with an evil laugh.

Feeling her hands lightly stroked by Chen Xiang, she could not help but feel somewhat ashamed as a light red glow appeared on her face. She wanted to retract her hands, but Chen Xiang was still holding them tightly. She didn’t expect Chen Xiang to actually be so bold and frivolous.

Only after Chen Xiang had thoroughly enjoyed the feeling of holding Hua Xiangyue’s tender hands, did he released them, which made Hua Xiangyue tenderly spat a mouthful, "I’ll leave you a room here for you to refine dans. This is the safest location in the Fragrance CIty."

Chen Xiang shook his head, laughed and said, "No need. I have a place to stay. I feel I will be much more safer there than here."

"Do you mean the Divine Weapon Shop?" Hua Xiangyue did not know why, but in her mind, Liu Menger’s silhouette immediately popped out, causing her voice to be filled with jealousy.

"Congratulations, you guessed it correctly!" Chen Xiang grinned, then turned around to leave.

"What is the relation between you and Liu Menger?" Hua Xiangyue asked in a tender tone, stopping Chen Xiang on his tracks and not letting him leave.

"Whatever relation I have with her, is it part of your business?" Chen Xiang pursed his lips and said, making Hua Xiangyue to pout and stamp her foot.

"You little rascal! Aren’t you aware of what’s in my mind?" Hua Xiangyue pinched his arm.

Chen Xiang sat down, and in a complaining tone, he said, "Sister Xiangyue, just a moment ago you received two thousand True Elemental Dans from me. Of course I understand your intentions." Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"Humph, little rascal, tell me honestly, what is your relation with Liu Menger?" Hua Xiangyue, with a rather serious look, asked.

Chen Xiang couldn’t understand why these women would all be this sensitive. Before, it was Liu Menger who had asked his relation with Hua Xiangyue, and now it was Hua Xiangyue who was asking the very same question about his relation with Liu Menger.

"My wife is her apprentice, and she is good to her apprentice, so she also treats her apprentice’s husband better. It is precisely this kind of relation. Like a sister, she is very kind to me." Chen Xiang said, he promised Liu Menger that he would never speak of their relation to anyone.

"I don’t believe you, there is certainly something fishy. Although it seems ridiculous, I still believe my instincts." In the Southern Wasteland, Hua Xiangyue had discovered the look in the eyes of Chen Xiang and Liu Menger was rather different. Moreover, both of them would occasionally glance at each other, although it was not obvious, she still caught it.

Hua Xiangyue was certainly jealous. Even if Chen Xiang was blind, from her tone, it was impossible for him not to notice. However, he was not clear about Hua Xiangyue’s motive, he and Liu Menger could be so close, because he and Liu Menger had experienced many things. In addition, they both knew too many of each other’s secret, and Chen Xiang’s huge potential also played a big part in bringing them both closer.

Hua Xiangyue also knew when to stop. She could guess the reason why Chen Xiang refused to admit it. It was all for confidentiality, that was why she also didn’t want to be entangled in this matter.

"Little rascal, have you ever gone back to the secular world?" Hua Xiangyue asked.

"I still have not. I intend to wait for the Danxiang Taoyuan Grand Meeting to end. After that, I’ll go back." Chen Xiang said, he too very much missed his father.

Hua Xiangyue lightly sighed, "It seems Liu Menger have not told you and Xue Xianxian about the secular world. The whole secular world suddenly disappeared, only a big ocean was left."

"What?" Chen Xiang fiercely stood up. He stared at Hua Xiangyue with a look of disbelief.

"Liu Menger definitely knows about this, even your Dean knows about it. Last time, he and I had a talk about it!" Hua Xiangyue said.

Chen Xiang’s whole body trembled as his mind went blank. Since the secular world had disappeared, then what about his father and the Chen Family? Where did they go?

"I will go take a look!" Just as Chen Xiang had said this, Hua Xiangyue grabbed his arm, "Don’t worry, they are definitely alright. The only thing that’s for sure is that the secular world is not submerged by the sea. The entire piece of mainland suddenly disappeared. It is the same as some legend in the Chenwu Mainland, that was why your Dean and Liu Menger didn’t tell you."

Chen Xiang calmed down and asked, "What legend?"

"According to legend, before the Great Calamity befell, the secular world will suddenly disappear. After the Great Calamity is over, it will be back again. Afterwards... afterwards, there will be many frightening corpses on it, that scene was too horrifying." As Hua Xiangyue spoke, her face was filled with fear.

Corpses? Immortal and Devil Cliff, corpses of immortals and devils, Chen Xiang immediately thought of this, then though of Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou being lured to the Immortal and Devil Cliff by their enemy. However, that was the secular world, how could there be powerful immortals and devils? And Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou didn’t seem to be inhabitants of the secular world.

"Do you mean to say..." Chen Xiang suddenly thought of something. In his heart, he was shocked, in light with all of this, the secular world might have gone to the Heavenly Realm!

"You do not have to worry about it. The secular world will be back, and its residents will all be safe." Hua Xiangyue comforted.

Chen Xiang heaved a long sigh, his mood was very low.

At this time, Bai Youyou said, "She is speaking the truth, the secular world will be back, however, it will still need some time."

"Little rascal, do not think too much about it. Just concentrate on improving your strength, it will certainly help you during the Battle of Three Realms. In the Southern Wasteland, the Devil God was already eyeing on you, by the time the battle begins, you will be in great danger." Su Meiyao said.

Chen Xiang left the Danxiang Tower and returned to the Divine Weapon Shop. Liu Menger had already familiarized herself with the new power of the Fire Spirit. At the moment, when she saw Chen Xiang’s complexion was not good, she asked in a concerned manner, "What happened?"

"Sister Menger, do you already know about the disappearance of the secular world?" Chen Xiang, with a lowered-head, asked.

Liu Menger lightly sighed and said, "Was it Hua Xiangyue? Why is it that this seductress doesn’t have any sense of propriety, why did she tell you these things!"

Chen Xiang knew Liu Menger had concealed this not only to him, but to Xue Xianxian too. However, he also knew that it was all for their sake, that was why he didn’t blame Liu Menger.

A translated work of Xianxiaworld