Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

He was the old disciple of the Late period of Three profound realm. Although he was unable to step into the Six Gods Stage, he was still an old disciple after all. He had rich battle experience, and unexpectedly had two holes pierced in his body in the blink of an eye.

"What is causing a ruckus in Flying Dragon Association, killing your chief disciple? Nonsense, who the hell doesn’t know what those bastards were doing to me back then? You actually have the face to say here that they are my crimes? Just allow them to kill me, not allow me to kill them? Was it my fault that I killed them? You bastards, I have seen many of you. "

As Chen Xiang spoke, his anger rose. He was using the Shrinking step and teleportation, whether or not he used invisibility to charge into the group of Three Profound experts, the Heavenly magic sword in his hands danced crazily, in the blink of an eye, a few elders were chopped into pieces.

"Attack!"

They knew that Chen Xiang was strong, but they never expected him to be this strong. They were all Late period of Three profound realm s, and in an instant, several of them died on their side.

"Celestial squad!" Chen Xiang released the Six Realms mirrors. At that time, his Six Realms mirrors had also shone upon the Celestial squad and had already been copied inside.

Under Chen Xiang’s control, the Six Realms mirrors circled in the air, the mirror constantly shot out waves after waves of heaven killing power. After those Three profound realm Elders were struck, their bodies immediately turned into ashes.

At this time, Chen Xiang had already disappeared as well. Hiding to the side, he controlled the Six Realms mirrors to kill these few elders, and he also teleported in front of some of the fleeing elders from time to time to kill them.

At this time, the inside of the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation was bustling with noise and excitement, the power produced by the Celestial squad was like thunder, rumbling non-stop, causing the inside of the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation to shake.

In a few moments, all that was left of the thirty odd Late period of Three profound realm Elders who walked in were a pile of torn clothes and powder. All of them had been killed by Chen Xiang.

Seeing that someone was about to run out of the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation, Chen Xiang immediately blocked their way and coldly said: "Are you from the seven major sects? "Don’t worry, I promise I won’t kill you!"

The man swallowed his saliva and said, "I... I am not from the seven major sects. I was just worried that I would be affected by it.

"Are you really not from the seven great sects?" Chen Xiang laughed, he had heard the man talking about him at Azure Dragon School just now.

"It’s really not!" That person was very afraid of death, and he spoke with determination.

"I hate people who lie to me the most! I have a pill here. If you eat it, and if you lie, it will explode. " Chen Xiang handed over a pill.

Who didn’t know that Chen Xiang was a genius alchemist now? The reason why the seven major sects wanted to capture him alive was to obtain his alchemy techniques!

Thus, no one dared to suspect that the pill was fake!

But Wu profound knew that the pellet was actually a Tianhun gold Dan, and did not have the same effect that Chen Xiang had mentioned.

"I... "I ..." The man’s forehead was suddenly covered in sweat as he stuttered, "I’ll eat ..."

The moment he received the pellet, his expression became gloomy and cold. He then took out a short blade and quickly slashed towards Chen Xiang’s neck.

Chen Xiang frowned, he only snorted, and his body released a burst of astonishing power, which directly shattered the blade.

"You’re from the Azure Dragon School, don’t think that I don’t know you’re lying to me." Chen Xiang’s eyes shot out two beams of fire, striking the man’s body, instantly burning him to ashes.

"Everyone from the seven great sects, come out!"

Chen Xiang released a burst of pressure that enveloped the entire Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation, his eyes were like lightning, bringing along a cold killing intent, he swept his gaze across the crowd and those who were seen by his eyes, all felt their hearts trembling, as though they were ants.

"I’ll count to two. If you don’t come out, then die. I have a way to find out whether or not you’re disciples of the seven major sects ..."

"One ..." After Chen Xiang finished counting, a large group of people rushed out and stood in the most spacious area, which was also close to the entrance.

"There’s actually more than 2000 people. It’s not small ..." I also can’t be bothered to kill you all, get out of here, tell your Leader to send a strong guy to fight me, I’m so bored to death. "

Chen Xiang opened up a path, looked at the group of people, and shouted: "What are you looking at, quickly scram! Do you want me to kill you all? "

As soon as he finished speaking, a large group of people rushed out.

"You guys aren’t from the seven great sects. Continue with your matters!" Chen Xiang sat at the entrance and spoke to the people inside.

Wu profound heaved a sigh of relief and laughed: "Now, I can condense a Law beads a little faster!"

There were only eight hundred people here, so it was going to be very fast!

After entering the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation, the person with the highest cultivation could only be the Late period of Three profound realm, but Chen Xiang, who was at the early stage of the Three profound realm realm, was extremely terrifying.

... ....

The area outside the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation was full of people, and the seven people standing at the very front, as well as several tens of white-haired old men, were the Leader s and elders of the seven major sects.

"What do we do now? Once all of the Late period of Three profound realm s are dead, the results of entering the early and middle stages of the Three profound realm will be the same. Azure Dragon School’s face was filled with anger: This little beast, when he comes out, I will definitely let him know how powerful I am. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Just as he finished speaking, a large number of black pills came out from the entrance.

"What is this?"

After an old man saw it, he picked one up and looked at it. Suddenly, a ’bang’ sound was heard! The black pills in his hand suddenly exploded, and the pills on the ground also exploded.

A series of explosions sounded out, and when Chen Xiang who was inside heard it, he could not help but laugh.

The people outside were originally dressed neatly in luxurious clothing. However, their clothes had been blown into rags, and many of their faces were covered with black items, making it difficult to wash them off.

gave a lot of these materials to Chen Xiang, and she also gave some of the things Du Xiaoling got from him.

Those were all refined by Chen Xiang inside the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation.

"I don’t understand, I want to kill him!" Azure Dragon School took out a mirror and looked at his face. It was full of black stains that were difficult to remove, his white hair had been dyed black, but the things that came out from those pills were very strange, causing his hair to be crushed into a ball.

Everyone’s hair was tied into bundles, and their bodies were in tatters. Their faces were dark and unsightly, and they were all battered and exhausted.

"Haha ..." When Chen Xiang stuck his head out and saw it, he immediately laughed heartily and then immediately hid his head inside.

"Little trash, I’m going to kill you."

An elder roared, and threw a strong palm attack towards the entrance. The powerful palm strike struck towards the white light barrier outside Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation, which exploded with a loud sound. The light barrier suddenly flashed, and reflected an even stronger force.

"Be careful!" The dozen or so elders began to work together to resist the rebound force. Otherwise, the juniors behind them would definitely suffer heavy casualties.