Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

had heard from Wu profound before that when the old man attacked Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation, he suffered such a strong counterattack. It could be seen how powerful the counterattack power of the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation was.

"So powerful, what kind of existence is this Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation?" Just now, Chen Xiang had also felt how terrifying the power of the Divine Stele Formation was.

"I wonder how these God Tablets are formed. I have to take a look!" Chen Xiang had nothing else to do now, he was waiting for Wu profound to condense the Law beads, even if Wu profound managed to condense it, he would still have to stay here for a while, until the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation disappeared.

Because he wanted to study this Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation!

"Chen Xiang, what are you doing?" Wu profound saw Chen Xiang taking out a sword and walking towards a Divine Stele, and anxiously shouted: "Don’t do anything rash!"

"Don’t act recklessly. I just want to take a look at the interior of the Divine Stele. I’m just here to take a look."

Chen Xiang said, he had already raised his sword, and when the people inside saw him, they were immediately terrified, afraid that Chen Xiang would make a big commotion while slashing at the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele, endangering them.

The Heavenly magic sword slashed at one of the Divine Stele and only let out a burst of humming sword cries, but there was no other reaction. Even though Chen Xiang had used a lot of energy, it did not cause any waves.

"To think that the Divine Stele was able to absorb energy. How amazing." Chen Xiang touched the place where he had just chopped off a few times, and discovered that there was not a single trace of it, "Who refined this, it’s so strong!"

Then he held the divine tablet.

"Hey, what are you doing now?" Wu profound was also shocked a moment ago. He had thought that Chen Xiang would really be able to slash open the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele, but he never thought that even with Chen Xiang’s strength, he would not be able to leave a single trace on the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele.

"Let me try and see if I can pull it out!" Chen Xiang held onto the Myriad Tao Divine Stele tightly and shouted loudly, using all his strength to lift the Myriad Tao Divine Stele up. At this moment, it looked like a very deep part of the Myriad Tao Divine Stele had stabbed into the ground.

Wu profound felt that Chen Xiang was a little funny, and laughed: "Do you think this is a radish, that easy to pull out? With Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation here, you must be extraordinary, even a slash from you could not hurt him at all, let alone pull him out.

Just as he finished speaking, he knew that he was wrong, because Chen Xiang had already pulled out a bit of the Myriad Tao Divine Stele, and now, he was being pulled out bit by bit.

"Hehe!" Chen Xiang laughed: "It’s quite taxing, I never thought that the Myriad Tao Divine Stele would loosen up so easily."

Very quickly, Chen Xiang pulled out a piece of the Myriad Tao Divine Stele. More than half of the Myriad Tao Divine Stele was buried under the ground, and at this moment, Chen Xiang had pulled it out completely.

"This... It’s really possible! " Wu profound was shocked, the others were also the same. They looked at the Divine Stele that was a level higher, this was the complete picture of it.

"What are you going to do with it?" Wu profound asked. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"It must be pretty good to use it for a fight. This thing is so sturdy!" Chen Xiang said, holding onto the Myriad Tao Divine Stele, he swept it towards another direction, causing Wu profound’s face to change greatly, he never thought that Chen Xiang would actually be so mischievous like a child.

Chen Xiang swept the Myriad Tao Divine Stele towards the other one. "Boom!" A loud sound was heard, and the two pieces of the Myriad Tao Divine Stele were not damaged in the slightest. They were extremely sturdy.

"Amazing, I wonder what it would be like to use it to beat someone!" Chen Xiang exclaimed: "Seven sects’ fellows, hurry up and send some people over, let me try!"

The corner of Wu profound’s mouth twitched: "If I get hit, I’ll definitely become a meat patty. Don’t even think about using it as a weapon, because when the time comes, the Myriad Tao Divine Stele will disappear. "

"Yeah!" Chen Xiang sighed: "I even planned to take away all of the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele."

"Do you think it’s your family’s big radish!" Wu profound could not help but laugh and say.

"What if I put it in my storage divine tool?" Chen Xiang said: "At that time, the Myriad Tao Divine Stele won’t be able to fly anymore."

Chen Xiang suddenly felt that he was extremely quick-witted.

"This... That’s not good! What if the Myriad Tao Divine Stele couldn’t escape and exploded? "It will hurt you." Wu profound was a little speechless, he actually wanted to take all of the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele for himself.

"Got it!"

Chen Xiang suddenly thought of an idea, and then took out the Chuangshi god furnace. He let the Chuangshi god furnace grow in size, and then placed the Myriad Tao Divine Stele inside.

"What are you doing!" Although Wu profound had guessed it, he did not dare believe that Chen Xiang would do it.

"Hehe, you know it!" After Chen Xiang stuffed the Myriad Tao Divine Stele into the Chuangshi god furnace, he sat down cross-legged.

That’s right, he was planning to refine the Myriad Tao Divine Stele, as for what he was going to refine into, Chen Xiang didn’t know either, he was just planning to refine it first to see.

Wu profound knew that Chen Xiang had mastered an extraordinary refining technique that could refine anything, but he never thought that Chen Xiang was actually going to refine the Myriad Tao Divine Stele now.

To Chen Xiang, this was not anything surprising; he had previously refined many things using the Heavenly Alchemy.

Chen Xiang had already released an intense flame that burned the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele!

The Chuangshi god furnace was truly worthy of its status. Under the channeling of Chen Xiang’s Three profound realm, the World Creation Divine Flame that was released was incomparably strong. In less than an hour, it melted the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele.

"It turned out to be white after melting. What is this thing made of?" I just don’t know if I’ll be able to eat it after refining it into a pill. " Chen Xiang thought in his heart, he was really looking forward to the moment of condensing the core.

Although the Myriad Tao Divine Stele was very sturdy, when he used the Heavenly Alchemy to refine it, the difficulty wasn’t that high. To Chen Xiang, it was much easier than refining many pills.

In just an hour, he would reach the Core Formation stage!

"Do you want to try using the Crash method?" Chen Xiang never thought that it would actually be a smooth process. For the more precious pills, he liked to use the Crash method to process them for a round, so that he could improve the quality.

"Let’s give it a try. I’m free anyway ..."

When Chen Xiang decided to condense a core, he chose to first refine using the Crash method.

"Is the Myriad Tao Divine Stele that weak?" Chen Xiang had already stopped his attacks and started to condense his pellet.

Soon, a white pill was formed. It had only been two hours!

"This... Did I succeed? " When Wu profound saw Chen Xiang taking out a pellet from the Chuangshi god furnace, he was extremely shocked in his heart. Chen Xiang actually refined a pellet of the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele into a pellet.

"Let’s see what effect it has."

Just as Chen Xiang brought the pill to his mouth, Wu profound suddenly shouted: "Wait!"

"What for?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Will anyone die if I eat it?" Wu profound was a little worried.