Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang felt that there were no problems, but he still thought about it carefully. He recalled the refining process to see if he had met with any unstable energy.

"There shouldn’t be any problems."

When Chen Xiang was refining, he had a certain degree of understanding towards the power of the Divine Stele. Previously, he had thought that the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele was made out of some special material, but after he used the Heavenly Alchemy to refine it, he discovered that the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele was made out of energy.

"This Myriad Tao Divine Stele is formed from energy. The main thing is that this energy is being guided by a special energy, which is why it was able to synthesize the mysterious Myriad Tao Divine Stele. I think this energy is also something that was created by humans."

"Let’s call it Myriad Tao Divine Pellet!" Chen Xiang put the pellet into his mouth, closed his eyes, and felt the power of the pellet.

At this moment, Wu profound’s heart was in his throat, he was very worried that something would happen to Chen Xiang.

Picking out the Divine Stele was nothing much. At most, they could only be considered curious, but to refine the Divine Stele into a pill and eat it was not something a normal person could do.

"Any reaction?" Wu profound was also very curious. After all, this was a pellet refined using the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele.

Chen Xiang did not reply, because at this moment, he did not know why but for some reason, he had entered a very peculiar state. Previously, he was carefully sensing the flow of energy, but unknowingly, his consciousness had followed along with the flow of that + 1

Energy flows without being able to extricate itself.

At this time, he knew that Wu profound was talking to him. He answered first, but was unable to wake up no matter what, causing him to suddenly panic.

However, just as he was feeling very scared, he suddenly found himself in a very large square stone building.

This building looked as if it was made from countless huge rocks piled up in all directions. It was tens of thousands of meters high and appeared to be as large as several cities.

He had never seen such a thing before, and now that he was standing under this square shaped stone tower, he felt like he was just an ant.

"What is this?" Chen Xiang was very suspicious in his heart, "What does that have to do with the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele?"

Just as he was about to ask, he suddenly saw that one of the corners of the square shaped stone tower had collapsed, and there were many things on that corner that were the size of the Myriad Tao Divine Stele.

That corner seemed to have been attacked by something, which was why it fell down. This stone tower was extremely huge. Just one corner alone had hundreds of thousands of stones on it.

"Could it be that this is the horn that made the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele?" Just when he thought he could guess. Before long, he saw the stones that fell down forming a tower, it was the Flying Dragon Pagoda.

The Flying Dragon Pagoda was already incomparably huge, but it was only made from a corner of the square tower.

"Who built it?" Chen Xiang couldn’t see who did it, he could only see that the stone with the falling horn was quickly forming a tall tower.

"This... Not the Flying Dragon Pagoda. " Chen Xiang realized that he guessed wrong again, because he saw that this tower that looked very similar to the Flying Dragon Pagoda entered the gigantic tower, and the corners of the tower returned to normal.

Now, Chen Xiang suddenly thought of something!

"This is ..." Myriad Tao Mausoleum! " Chen Xiang’s heart skipped a beat. This incomparably huge tower was the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. He had heard that there was something similar to the Flying Dragon Pagoda in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

"Flying Dragon Pagoda and that tower are so similar, there must be a connection!" Chen Xiang guessed that because at that moment, he saw the door of the pagoda suddenly open and then close.

The square tower is so big, the door is definitely bigger, because the Flying Dragon Pagoda can enter through the door!

At that moment, he saw a huge key inserted into the key ring on the door. The door then opened. The moment the door opened, the key bounced off and turned into many rectangular rocks!

"The Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele is actually the key, the key to enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum?" Chen Xiang was extremely shocked, he did not expect that these Myriad Tao Divine Stele had just left the Myriad Tao Mausoleum to come here.

"In other words, the Myriad Tao Mausoleum is currently opening and if we want to close the gate, the key must belong to us. If we do not return the key, who knows what will happen!"

Chen Xiang had already refined one of the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele, so he felt that he wouldn’t be able to restore the key.

"Chen Xiang, Chen Xiang!" Wu profound slapped Chen Xiang, his face full of anxiety.

"What for?" Chen Xiang suddenly opened his eyes and looked at his own body.

"Are you done? Did you fall asleep? " Wu profound asked: "When you ate that thing, what was your reaction?"

After Chen Xiang swallowed the pellet, he saw the Myriad Tao Mausoleum and knew that the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele was the key to opening the doors to the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. He couldn’t understand why he would see such an image.

"Reaction?" Chen Xiang looked at his own Spirit of the Dao gods. He only knew that the energy generated by the Myriad Tao Divine Stele had entered one of the profound God’s gates.

"There’s no reaction!" Chen Xiang felt that this piece was abnormal, so he did not tell Wu profound: "Oh right, how does the Three profound realm look like? You need to train like this? "

"You don’t know that? Although I am not at the Three profound realm, I have done a lot of homework on it. " Wu profound said: "I have already formed the Law beads, so you have to decide when to leave, while we are still safe, I will tell you."

Chen Xiang felt that there was a reaction from his profound God, so he wanted to understand the cultivation knowledge of the Three profound realm.

"Cultivating the Three profound Divine Junctures, then integrating the three great Three profound Divine Junctures s, would allow you to very much step into the Three profound realm! As for Three profound realm, it will mainly increase the number of participants from the three profound God s. " Wu profound said: "You should understand now, as long as the profound God’s Barrier increases in size, then the amount of dao energy coming out of the profound God’s Barrier will increase."

Chen Xiang took a closer look at his own Spirit of the Dao gods, and realized that it was actually a little bigger than when he first stepped into the Three profound realm, and it was even a little bigger when all three profound God s entered at the same time, so he did not notice it just now.

"To what extent?" Chen Xiang asked.

"One profound God Entrance after another will be separated and refined. The profound God Entrance is as big as the Spirit of the Dao gods and will fill up the entire Spirit of the Dao gods. Then, the second profound God Entrance will be inside the biggest profound God Entrance and the third will be inside! This way, it means that the Spirit of the Dao gods is at the outermost layer and the three profound God s are layered on top of each other. " Wu profound said: "When a profound God has the highest level, it means that the first stage is full! When I start to cultivate the second profound God Barrier, I will be in the middle stages! " Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "Alright, let me give it a try now, and see if I can speed up my cultivation. If I can, at that time, I might be able to go out and fight with those guys."