Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Wu profound just so happened to reach the late stage of the Divine Sky Realm and then step into the Three profound realm at a critical moment. These things truly happened to Chen Xiang.

"Since they’ve all left, only the two of us are left here. The guys outside probably won’t dare to come in. Just do whatever you want to do now." Wu profound patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder and laughed.

"Alright, then we’ll start plucking radishes now!" Chen Xiang laughed.

Pulling a radish was to pull the entire Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele out of the ground.

At first, Wu profound thought that it would be difficult, but he never expected that after personally testing it, it would actually be extremely easy. In just two hours, he and Chen Xiang had already pulled out over a thousand pieces.

"I will start refining it now. I only ate one pill before, so I can’t exactly feel the benefits of this pill. That’s why I have to eat more." Chen Xiang said.

"Alright, I will be responsible for pulling out these stone tablets." Wu profound nodded, he definitely hoped that Chen Xiang would be stronger. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Because it was extremely easy to refine the Myriad Tao Divine Stele, Chen Xiang would refine them together with tens of pieces before he went on to refine them.

"Even though there are ten thousand Divine Stele here, there isn’t just a few keys to it. Therefore, I must use the Crash method to refine it, and that way, I will be able to obtain the power of an entire key. " That was Chen Xiang’s plan.

Now that he had consumed two of the pellets, he channeled the energy of the pellets into one of the profound God Entrances and started cultivating in the profound God Entrances alone. This made it even clearer whether the Myriad Tao Pellets he had refined were effective or not.

This time, he did not see the same scene from before, which also made him feel weird. When he first ate, why did the image of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum appear?

Two of the Myriad Tao’s divine pellets were quickly refined, but his first profound God was a lot bigger than the other two.

"There’s hope!" Chen Xiang was pleasantly surprised: "There are still quite a few of the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele here, if I refine all of them into Myriad Tao’s Divine Pills, I will have no problem stepping into the Late period of Three profound realm, at that time, even if I fight against Six Gods Stage’s Leader, I would have the strength to fight."

Previously, Chen Xiang was still worried that the protection of the Myriad Tao Divine Stele would disappear after he took them out, but now, it had not disappeared. However, his strength was weakening bit by bit and he wouldn’t be able to hold on for too long.

Chen Xiang also sped up to refine it!

He had two plans. If he had not stepped into the Late period of Three profound realm, he would have brought Wu profound and escaped using the power of space.

Secondly, if he were to step into the Late period of Three profound realm, he planned to have a good fight with the Leader s of the divine beast sects outside.

The Leader s outside turned black and white, and even shouted that they wanted him to confess. What made him most angry was that this group of people wanted to use some kind of soul searching technique on him to steal the Heavenly Alchemy and the God Murdering Sword Techniques from his memories.

Unknowingly, Chen Xiang’s first profound God Barrier had already been filled to the brim with Spirit of the Dao gods, and now that he had stepped into the middle stages, he began to cultivate the second one!

"What exactly is the Myriad Tao Divine Stele made of? It actually has such a rich energy, allowing me to quickly fill up the entire profound God." Chen Xiang was very surprised. "I wonder what will happen after I finish eating all of these Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele, does it have the power of the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele?"

The most peculiar thing about the Myriad Tao Divine Stele was that it could condense Law beads s. If he had the power of the Myriad Tao Divine Stele, he would be able to become like the Myriad Tao Divine Stele. As long as he had the Dao crystal s, he could condense Law beads s himself.

"Let’s hope so! Hehe, then I will be a Myriad Tao Divine Stele myself. " Chen Xiang was secretly delighted.

Wu profound had already piled tens of thousands of Myriad Tao Divine Stele beside Chen Xiang, making them look like a tall wall.

Now, Wu profound had nothing else to do, observing from the side. In the short span of ten days, he could sense that Chen Xiang had become much stronger.

At this moment, Chen Xiang had not restrained his aura, because when he was refining pellets, especially when using Crash method, he needed to consume a lot of energy and it was very strong, so he would release some of it.

"How is it?" Wu profound asked: "You have already eaten over two thousand pieces!"

"Middle stage of the Three profound realm!" Chen Xiang opened his eyes and smiled to Wu profound: "Seems like I can enter the Late period of Three profound realm s here, if nothing goes wrong with this barrier!"

took in a deep breath. The Three profound realm was also a stage where progress was difficult, but Chen Xiang was still able to progress by leaps and bounds. What surprised him the most was that Chen Xiang had used the Myriad Tao Divine Stele to break through.

"You’re really something!" Wu profound sighed.

"Don’t worry, when I break through, I will help you refine all the Law beads once, and the effect will be ten times more!"

"Ten crystals apiece. Good, good. Hurry up! I’m afraid the shield won’t hold. " Wu profound looked at the white light barrier.

"Yes, I will increase my speed." Chen Xiang frowned, he was truly short on time: "The further the journey, the harder it is for profound God to cultivate, I have to work harder and harder."

Chen Xiang had originally planned to refine the Heavenly Alchemy rule Beads here, but he never thought that after refining the Myriad Tao Divine Stele, he would receive such a huge harvest.

The protective light barrier protecting the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation grew weaker and weaker. Previously, he could not see anything inside from the outside, but now he could vaguely see a little.

If this continued, people outside would definitely be able to see what was going on inside!

... ....

"According to how the Myriad Tao Divine Stele descended in the past, this barrier can only last for two months. After the barrier disappears, the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation will still be here for another month, at that time we can still use the Myriad Tao Divine Stele, and only we can use it." The Azure Dragon School from the Azure Dragon School chuckled, "Let’s see where this fellow Chen Xiang can hide then!"

The entire plaza was currently surrounded by experts from the seven major sects, both inside and outside, layers and layers. There were over ten Six Gods Stage s flying in the sky, and if the protective shield disappeared, they would immediately attack Chen Xiang.

"A month’s time is enough for us to use Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation to condense Law beads." The Leader s of the Qilin Sect also laughed, "The most important thing is that if we can take down Chen Xiang, all of our seven great sects will be mobilized. Chen Xiang, however, cannot escape even if he has wings.

They were extremely patient. After waiting for another month, they could already clearly see the situation inside the barrier. The barrier of light would soon disappear.

When the experts of the seven major sects saw the situation inside, they nearly vomited blood. The Myriad Tao Divine Stele was all gone, leaving behind many holes!

Wu profound smiled and waved at the people outside, he was much calmer now, because he knew that Chen Xiang would definitely be able to enter the Late period of Three profound realm s. With the foundation of Chen Xiang’s profound door, with his strength, even if he could not defeat the experts outside, running away would definitely not be a problem.