Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

It was only then that the people from the seven major sects remembered that someone from the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation had said that Chen Xiang had gone crazy and pulled out the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele.

However, at that time, Chen Xiang had only pulled out one piece, he did not expect that in the past few days, Chen Xiang had always taken out the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele one by one.

"The Myriad Tao Divine Stele is gone ... Where exactly is this fellow hiding the Myriad Tao Divine Stele? We must definitely make him hand it over! "

"That’s right, he’s only been hiding the Myriad Tao Divine Stele. We can still use it if he hands it over!"

"We have been preparing for a long time for the Flying Dragon Association this time, how can we just let it go like this? Wait for the shield to disappear and let this guy have his way. "

Chen Xiang was currently cultivating. When he could see the outside, he also felt very anxious as he walked around.

"Chen Xiang, are you ready? This barrier will soon have news. " Wu profound asked in a low voice.

Chen Xiang did not answer. He was currently focused on cultivation, and the moment he woke up, he would definitely have a breakthrough. Wu profound was very sure of this, but he did not know if Chen Xiang could break through before the light barrier disappeared!

At this moment, there were already people outside trying to attack the light barrier. Powerful forces struck it, causing it to continuously emit booms and explosions. Various rays of light flickered continuously, causing the interior of the light barrier to change into different rays.

Chen Xiang’s brows were tightly knitted, and beads of sweat dripped from his forehead. At this moment, he could feel that kind of threat from the outside world!

The light barrier was getting weaker and weaker. At the same time the light barrier was shaking, waves of energy could already penetrate in, causing Chen Xiang’s hair to be blown around randomly.

"There won’t be a rebound of energy anymore. We need to seize this opportunity to break this barrier of light, so that he won’t be able to escape successfully after breaking through."

Everyone saw Chen Xiang cultivating and were very worried, because they had already seen Chen Xiang’s cultivation speed before. It was extremely fast, and after Chen Xiang broke through, his strength would definitely increase dramatically.

This also made them want to see the alchemy skills that Chen Xiang had learned even more. They thought that the reason why Chen Xiang could improve so fast was definitely because of the powerful alchemy skills.

RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU...!

The plaza didn’t erupt with noise. The onlookers all walked far away at this moment. They knew that once the light barrier was broken, a fierce battle would definitely break out.

"This is the Flying Dragon City, please give me some face and go cause trouble elsewhere, okay?" A stern voice suddenly rang out, shaking everyone’s eardrums. It was a very domineering tone, causing everyone to immediately stop.

Wu profound heard the voice and was startled. He said to Chen Xiang in a low voice: "This is Flying Dragon City Lord, I had thought that this guy was in cahoots with the seven major sects, but now it seems that isn’t the case!"

Chen Xiang could hear Wu profound’s voice but he still did not answer. Right now, he could very well cultivate his third profound God s to the maximum.

"Flying Dragon City Lord... You have always been in the Center of Flying Dragon City, so you should know about Chen Xiang, right? Now, take a look at the Myriad Tao Divine Stele inside, it’s all lost to this guy. " The Azure Dragon Leader said, "Moreover, he even killed more than thirty experts from the Three profound realm that we had sent in, causing us to suffer heavy losses."

The Flying Dragon City Lord wore a red dragon armor and a golden cape. On the cape, there was a mighty and domineering Soaring Dragon statue. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"I am aware of the rules for entering the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation, only those who have passed the Flying Dragon Association’s assessment can enter, your people being killed in there is completely within the rules, don’t you know?" The Flying Dragon City Lord laughed coldly.

"This ..." The people from the seven great sects couldn’t say anything.

"I am also very clear about the Flying Dragon Association’s assessment. You all suffered a setback, don’t blame others, don’t think that I don’t know the tricks you guys are playing in the dark! I have only turned a blind eye to all of you, as long as it did not harm Center of Flying Dragon City, I will not bother with you! "

"And now you all actually want to fight? Do you all want to destroy my Center of Flying Dragon City? If you want to hit me, then f * ck off. " Flying Dragon City Lord’s tone was extremely strict, and there was even a hint of anger on his face.

If not, the Leader s of the seven major sects would not be so afraid. They did not want to become enemies with the Flying Dragon City Lord right now!

Although they did not want to become enemies with the Flying Dragon City Lord, if the dog was anxious, it would jump over the wall.

The Flying Dragon City Lord’s face suddenly became gloomy, because the current atmosphere was very strange. The people from the seven major sects actually wanted to attack him!

"Flying Dragon City Lord, you have been a part of the City Lord for a long time and your days have been quite good. I advise you to obediently stay in your own City Lord’s Mansion and not get involved in this matter." The Azure Dragon Leader said, with a threatening tone.

"If you guys weren’t fighting in my territory, I wouldn’t even bother to care about these trivial matters!" The Flying Dragon City Lord did not show any sign of backing down. His sturdy body trembled and a domineering aura surged out, causing people from the seven major sects to involuntarily take a few steps back.

"In that case, don’t blame us!" The Qilin Sect Leader shouted coldly, "Do it!"

Wu profound was startled, he felt that the people of the seven major sects had all gone mad, and were actually fighting the Flying Dragon City Lord!

There were only two people who attacked: the Qilin Leader and the Black Tortoise Leader. The profound Marital School was famous for their defense, and the Qilin Sect was a powerful offensive sect. Both of them had extremely strong offense and defense, and if they worked together well, it would not be easy to defeat them.

The Flying Dragon City Lord was also very surprised, he never thought that these people would actually make their move, he fiercely jumped into the air, in case the battle spread to the Center of Flying Dragon City!

"It’s enough to have these two to stall the Flying Dragon City Lord. If our seven sects join hands, this Flying Dragon City would be considered nothing." Azure Dragon School sneered: "This guy was sent down from above, he probably doesn’t have much ability, which is why he was planted here as the City Lord. Since he doesn’t know how to act, we will teach him how to conduct himself."

Everyone looked at the battle in the air. At this moment, waves of energy were constantly coming down from above, and the stone tiles above the Flying Dragon Square were being shattered by the energy waves. Not long after, the entire Flying Dragon Square, other than the inside of the barrier, was a complete mess.

"Flying Dragon City Lord is indeed not that strong! With just this bit of ability, we can now take care of Chen Xiang in peace. "

"It can’t be said that he’s not strong, after all he can fight them alone, and even hold the upper hand, he has his own concerns too, afraid that he will destroy Flying Dragon City, so he can’t use his full strength, Flying Dragon City Lord’s strength is still pretty strong, we can’t underestimate him ..."

"Oh no, Chen Xiang is gone!" A person suddenly shouted. His voice startled the spectators.