Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was currently only in the Late period of Three profound realm and had not stepped into the Six Gods Stage, but he felt that this should not be a difficult matter! The Heaven realm and the previous two were both said to be very difficult, but they were both easily broken through by him.

"Alright, wait for me!" Chen Xiang took the Law beads that Wu profound passed over, then hurriedly ran to a secret room.

He and Wu profound did not return to the profound Wu Dan Pavilion. Although the profound Wu Dan Pavilion was Wu profound’s family’s property, they were still monitored by the profound Marital School. Now that the Black Tortoise Leader had been destroyed by Chen Xiang, the rest of the Leader would definitely go all out to seek revenge.

"Even though those Leader s are from the Six Gods Stage s, they are probably only in the early stages of the Six Gods Stage s. I actually killed them so easily!"

Chen Xiang guessed in his heart. He was currently in the Late period of Three profound realm, so if he was in the late stage of the Six Realms mirrors s, he definitely would not be that weak.

"Could it be that the Six Gods Stage is really a realm that is difficult to break through?" Chen Xiang had asked Wu profound about Six Gods Stage before, but Wu profound actually didn’t know anything about this.

"I can only find out for myself!" We must first cultivate the Heavenly Alchemy Dao line. " Chen Xiang had promised Wu profound that he would refine Law beads s for him, so he would first refine the Law beads that Wu profound had refined.

There weren’t many of these Law beads, and given that he was also at the Late period of Three profound realm, refining them was simply too easy. It just needed a bit of time.

After a few days, Chen Xiang came out of the secret room and handed over the Law Energies to Wu profound. When Wu profound saw that the quality of the Law Energies had increased by a lot, he was instantly ecstatic and immediately felt grateful to Chen Xiang.

"Wu profound, I plan to go to a higher floor, what about you? "What are your plans?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I think I will stay here for now. Since Black Tortoise Leader was killed by you, my family is prepared to take this opportunity to fight for the position of Leader." Wu profound said: "Of course, we are also not sure if we will be able to obtain it in the end. In short, this is an opportunity."

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "Then I will go cultivate first, when I come out, I will probably be leaving!"

"Mm, it’s really my luck to be able to meet you!" Wu profound patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder and laughed.

Chen Xiang chuckled, then entered the secret room and took out the Heavenly Alchemy rule Beads.

"The Heavenly Refining Laws, just what sort of Laws are they?" This should be a relatively rare and mysterious law, is it related to the Heavenly Alchemy? " Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Chen Xiang looked at this Heavenly Alchemy rule Beads and started to frown as he thought about it. He did not manage to find any information regarding this Heavenly Alchemy rule Beads in the Heavenly Alchemy.

"Let’s cultivate the Heavenly Alchemy Dao line first!" Chen Xiang placed the Heavenly Alchemy rule Beads into the pill furnace and started refining it.

He originally thought that this would be extremely difficult to refine, but he didn’t think that it would be as easy to control as the other Law beads.

He only had ten of these Heavenly Alchemy rule Beads, and he needed a lot of Crash s in order to raise his quality to a very high level. This was the only way he could cultivate Rule Dao line with very few of them.

"After I refined the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele into a pill and ate it, could it be that I am the key to enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum? I wonder what it will be used for. " This confused Chen Xiang, as he did not know if it would affect him in the future.

After all, the Myriad Tao Divine Stele was an extremely mysterious object. Even though it contained a strange and vast power, the relationship it had with the Myriad Tao Mausoleum made Chen Xiang worry.

"Right now, there’s no use worrying about it. We’ve already eaten, and we’ve even cultivated to the Late period of Three profound realm. We can’t regret it even if we want to. Hopefully, there won’t be any problems in the future." Chen Xiang swallowed a law pill he had just refined, and then, he continued to refine it...

Although refining Heavenly Alchemy rule Beads was easy, after eating them, he would need to refine them for a much longer time than other Law beads. Right now, he needed twenty days to refine one.

In these twenty days, he had refined all of the remaining Heavenly Alchemy rule Beads into pills!

"If this continues, I’ll need another half year to completely refine it." Although it would take a long time, Chen Xiang was very patient, even though he was looking forward to the moment the Heavenly Alchemy Dao line was born.

Time flew by quickly when he was training. Soon, half a year had passed.

In this past half a year, Chen Xiang had never come out of this secret room, nor did he know what had happened outside! Of course, he also managed to cultivate the Heavenly Alchemy Dao line.

"Strange, the Heavenly Alchemy Dao line cannot produce any power, what is going on?"

Chen Xiang felt very disappointed about this, because the Heavenly Alchemy Dao line could not be like the flying dao channels and the spatial dao channels.

"Could it be that this is useless?" Chen Xiang clenched his teeth, the Heavenly Alchemy Dao line that he had painstakingly cultivated with, was actually completely useless.

He had been trying in the secret room for a few days now, yet he was still unable to activate his power from the Heavenly Alchemy Dao line, which caused him to be extremely disappointed.

"It will definitely work, but I don’t know how to use it! Forget about it, go out and ask Wu profound about what happened outside. "

Chen Xiang was very interested in what happened after Flying Dragon Divine General arrived. At the same time, he also wanted to know if Flying Dragon Divine General would find trouble with him.

"Wu profound, what’s wrong, why do you look so ugly?" The moment Chen Xiang came out of the secret room, he saw that Wu profound’s face was very white, and his spirits were low.

"Oh, I’m hurt! When we were fighting for the profound Marital School, my family lost again, and this time we lost very thoroughly. Wu profound shook his head and sighed, after which he drank a huge bowl of wine.

"When did this happen? "How did you lose in the end?" Chen Xiang came over to his side and checked his injuries. It was obvious that this had happened in the past few days.

"They have an expert assisting them ... I wish I could dig three feet out of the ground and find you as well. It is clear that there is an even stronger force that has joined in, and this is also the power that was lured out when we went to fight over the position of Black Tortoise Leader. " Wu profound said in a heavy voice, "This happened three months ago, but a few days ago, I was ambushed and almost lost my life."

Chen Xiang’s eyes flickered, and said: "Seems like it’s getting more and more interesting! "Rest assured, I will avenge you. I will definitely find out who ambushed you!"

"I believe you! By the way, someone wants to see you. It was even Flying Dragon City Lord Yi Tianqi, he had already been stripped of his position in the City Lord, it is also the doing of that mysterious power behind this, he said that he killed two Leader s and saved him, he is here to thank you. "

After Wu profound finished speaking, he said in a low voice, "Even so, you still have to be wary of him!"

"I understand. How do I meet him?" I will find him and ask him if he knows anything. "

Chen Xiang had already planned to visit the seven major sects after leaving seclusion. When those fellows had initially wanted to capture him alive for the Soulsearch, he felt uncomfortable thinking about it now. He would not let things rest until these people were eliminated!