Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Do you think our cultivation is too simple?" are you wasting your time? " The old man was also surprised, he had also seen Chen Xiang’s battle just now, and knew that his strength was indeed not weak.

"Yes!" Chen Xiang said: "It will not help me in the slightest!"

They were clear about Chen Xiang’s strength, especially Gu Qingtian, and when they saw the content of the cultivation, their faces immediately became pale white. Although they were powerful, they were more or less people who had grown up cutely.

But Chen Xiang still felt that that was not enough!

"This cultivation method can temper a person’s willpower. This is very useful for cultivation of the Six Realms magic kungfu. As for the increase in strength ... "This will strengthen the body. Of course, this will have to be endured." The old man said.

"I feel that I already possess this kind of willpower, because I’ve already experienced this kind of cultivation a long time ago!" Chen Xiang said. He had experienced things more cruel than them, so these experiences were nothing in his eyes.

The old man was speechless. He thought for a bit and said, "If that’s true, then after you participate once, you feel that it’s useless. You can go participate in the inner sect examination. As long as you enter the inner sect, you don’t have to cultivate like this."

"Alright!" Indeed, the reason Chen Xiang came to the Primal Daoist Sect was to find a backer. It was because his Primordial Daoist Sect was rather concerned about its disciples.

Soon, the novel Ybdu. Chen Xiang and the others came with the old man to the middle of the mountain. There was a cave here, and the outer disciples could only train inside it.

The cave was located in the belly of the mountain, which led to the primal sky mountain. It was very spacious and could accommodate many people for cultivation.

"Alright, feel free to find a place to stay!" When it comes to women, we need to be together with other women. " The old man said, "Tomorrow morning, you will follow the team and enter the primordial lightning pool. After soaking in it for a day, you will enter the primal lightning zone ... Every time it starts, a name will be called, and if you don’t come, you will be punished. "

Chen Xiang randomly found a cave and rested inside. Today’s great battle had made him feel extremely tired.

"I need to hurry up and enter the inner sect to confirm that Lin Xirong’s father is not here. If I can find him, maybe I can understand more about the Natural Law Divine Lord." This was also one of the reasons why Chen Xiang had entered the Yuan Shi Tao School.

Aside from that, he also needed to find a medicine pill that could allow him to quickly enter the Six Gods Stage. According to his knowledge, it was extremely difficult for the Three profound realm to enter the Six Gods Stage.

As long as they entered the Six Gods Stage, they would definitely be able to become a Successor Disciple.

Early morning on the second day, Chen Xiang and the other new disciples lined up together.

There were a lot of new disciples, more than a hundred of them, and most of them were disciples from prestigious families. Chen Xiang entered the Primordial Flame Lake with them and soaked them inside.

"You are not allowed to use your Dao power to resist, and you are not allowed to use Dao power to protect your body! Even though it will be very painful, I won’t let you die. A middle-aged man in charge of monitoring said. He was from the Six Gods Stage and was not weak.

Just as he went down, many people cried out in pain!

Even those who were able to hold it in had painful expressions on their faces.

Gu Qingtian’s body could be said to be stronger here, but the muscles on his face were tensed up from the pain, and his face slowly turned green.

Murong Jin could not help but moan in pain, the muscles on his face twitched continuously. Just as he wanted to rush over, he was suppressed by a burst of force from the middle aged man at the side.

At the same time, Gu Qingtian also started shouting. In here, it could not be considered as an embarrassing matter, because other than Chen Xiang, everyone else was shouting in pain.

Previously, Gu Qingtian and the others thought that Chen Xiang was exaggerating a little, but now that they had personally experienced it, they knew just how terrifying Chen Xiang was.

The middle-aged man by the pool was also surprised by Chen Xiang, he had even specially checked if Chen Xiang was using Dao Energy to resist, but after carefully checking a few times, he realized that there was not a single bit of Dao Energy leaking out of Chen Xiang’s body, but there were quite a few people who were releasing their Dao Energy nonstop, wanting to resist the scorching heat. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

However, all of their Dao power had been sucked away by the special formation!

"If you can’t take it, you can tell me, then immediately leave the Yuan Shi Tao School. There’s no need to feel embarrassed. After all, all of you are well aware that quite a few people can’t bear it and have to leave the Yuan Shi Tao School." The middle-aged man said, "This is only the beginning. If all of you have enough strength to take the inner sect examination, then you don’t have to cultivate like this."

"But, if one wants to pass the inner sect examination, it is impossible to not practice like this! Let me tell you this, the first round of the inner sect examination is to soak in a pool that is even scarier than this.

"The second stage is naturally the Lightning Territory. It is also one day, and the Lightning Territory there is even more terrifying than this place!"

"The third stage is a lot more relaxed and is a mental test. There will be all sorts of mental challenges, and it will be easier said than done because it won’t be painful, and it will be even harder since many people can pass the first two stages and not the last one."

Chen Xiang’s calm voice was heard: "As long as you pass these three tests, you will become an inner disciple?"

The middle-aged man nodded, "That’s right, every three months there will be a test, and it will be conducted in groups. Just like now, everyone will be immersed in the pond, and even if we can’t, we still have a chance, because our test will not lose our lives."

"Then when is the next assessment?" Chen Xiang asked again, while the others cried out in pain, but Chen Xiang was able to speak calmly with others, causing many people to think that Chen Xiang was cheating.

"Ten days from now, it will be your resting time. You can go and have a try." The middle-aged man also felt that something was wrong with Chen Xiang, he felt that even he could not remain as calm.

Chen Xiang nodded his head, then closed his eyes. Right now, he was not forcefully enduring it, rather, he was not in pain at all.

A day had passed. Although everyone was in pain, no one fainted. After knowing that they could rest for an hour, they all jumped to the edge of the pool like frogs.

Here were men, and the woman was on the other side, and it was said that the heat of the fire was as strong as that of the man.

"The reason why the Yuan Shi Tao School is so powerful is because of the foundation that was laid here. The middle-aged man smiled and said, "Rest first. After that, we’ll go to the Lightning Territory and let you all experience a different level of pain."

Everyone was cursing in their hearts, other than Chen Xiang, everyone here had the intention to leave, but in the end they endured it, they also did it for the sake of dignity, if they were to withdraw right after entering, they would be laughed at by the people here, and it would be terrible if it got out.