Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Lin Jitian had been here for many years, and when he first came up by himself, he did not expect that he would be able to come to the Divine Wasteland alive.

After that, he explored the Divine Wasteland for a long time by himself, and found the entrance to the Flying Dragon Pagoda in the end.

"Sigh, I am truly sorry for abusing Rong. Back then, I was truly heartless and abandoned her just like that." Lin Jitian heaved a long sigh, his face full of guilt.

"She’s having a good time." Although Chen Xiang had a grudge with him before, they became friends in the end. Now, Lin Xirong’s personality was much better, and he got along well with the other girls in the Hundreds of Flowers Village.

"That’s good, that’s good."

Lin Jitian took a sip of his wine. He didn’t ask Chen Xiang what their relationship was, but he could tell that Chen Xiang had treated Lin Xirong well, otherwise he wouldn’t have come here to help Lin Xirong look for his father.

"I will have a chance to see her in the future." Chen Xiang laughed: "Uncle, don’t tell me your cultivation has always been like this, it shouldn’t be. No matter what, you are a former Primitive Supreme Lord, and have a certain level of foundation."

"I was originally a Tai Zun realm cultivator, but my luck was bad. After entering the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, I got injured, and then that happened." Lin Jitian’s face was filled with helplessness as his strength regressed. This was indeed an extremely tragic thing.

When Chen Xiang found out that Lin Jitian had been to the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, he immediately took out the righteous Law beads, but it did not have any reaction, causing him to heave a sigh of relief.

"Justice Law beads." Lin Jitian suddenly laughed: "Looks like you’ve also encountered that kind of thing before."

"This... Please forgive me, Uncle. " Chen Xiang did not expect Lin Jitian to actually know about the affairs of the Evil Soul.

"It’s fine, I can completely understand. When those guys from the Myriad Tao Mausoleum came back, many of them did indeed get pushed over by the Evil Soul, and some even carried the Supreme Lord’s cultivation." Lin Jitian laughed out loud. "Back then, when an elder of the clan’s supreme level came out from the Myriad Tao Mausoleum and infected the entire Evil Soul, the last sect was extremely unfortunate."

"Uncle, is the Myriad Tao Mausoleum really so scary?" Chen Xiang was very curious about the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. Adding to the fact that he had previously eaten the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation, he saw an image of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

Don’t you see that the Yuan Shi Tao School is empty? Those inner disciples went all out in their cultivation, and before they could enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, they had already stepped into the Six Gods Stage. Lin Jitian said: "With your current cultivation, you will not be able to go, even the worst is at the early stages of Six Gods Stage."

"I know, that’s why I need to find a way to increase my cultivation." Chen Xiang needed to level up even more now, he never thought that he would be preparing to enter Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

If you can step into the Six Gods Stage before you enter, then I’ll follow you. I’m pretty familiar with the inside, and I’ve even picked up some good stuff before. Lin Jitian said as he took out a black pole: "This item is called the Six Legged Divine Rod."

"God stick, this name doesn’t sound too strong." Chen Xiang couldn’t help but laugh. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"Don’t laugh, this thing is very strong. Back then, I was able to beat that Supreme Elder of the Azure Dragon School into a dog." Lin Jitian chuckled: "Even though I am currently a Three profound realm, as long as I recover, I will be able to regain my new strength."

"So it’s like that, what do you mean by beating me up into a dog?" Chen Xiang was very curious about the power of the six divine rods.

"One swing of the rod. If the hit is accurate, that fellow will die immediately. Then, the dog will be reincarnated into the animal path." Lin Jitian laughed: "Impressive, of course, you can also turn others into pigs or something. But the most important thing is that guy still has his memories, but he himself became a beast."

"So vicious, but I like it." Chen Xiang exclaimed.

"Hehe, beating people up is fine, but those Evil Soul are most afraid of this rod of mine. If they were to be hit by it, I can immediately turn them into pigs and dogs." Lin Jitian’s face was full of arrogance as he laughed: "When the time comes, I’ll bring you in and guarantee your safety."

"Uncle, you have such a powerful weapon, why are you injured?" Chen Xiang was very suspicious about this: "What other powerful things is there in Myriad Tao Mausoleum?"

"I was injured by someone. Someone tried to use this stick of mine, and it was a few very strong guys who tried to attack me at the same time." Speaking of this, Lin Jitian’s face was filled with indignation.

Chen Xiang thought for a moment, then said: Don’t tell me that it was done by someone Uncle is familiar with, that normally speaking, if you are not a familiar person, it would be difficult for him to injure you, but if you are surrounded by experts, even if Uncle cannot beat them, it would not be a problem for you to escape, because if the opponent lets you escape, I’m afraid that you can still kill Uncle.

"Smart." Lin Jitian praised them, "Those fellows weren’t as strong as me, and in the end, they were beaten into pigs by me, then killed by them. I will only tell you this, because at that time, I was in the same squad as them, and they saw me picking up this rod, and used it to beat up many fellows into dogs, cows, sheep, and pigs.

"The Yuan Shi Tao School actually has such a person. I thought this place was safe before this." Chen Xiang took a deep breath.

"They’re not from the Yuan Shi Tao School, they’re from the Six Great Divine Sects s. You might not have heard that there are four stronger sects hidden within this thousand floor, and once they become Four Great Divine Sects, they will all be able to grasp a portion of the Four Great Divine Arts. For example, the one behind the Yuan Shi Tao School is the Six Great Divine Sects s who cultivate the Six Realms magic kungfu."

"Then there’s the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect. This one cultivates the Heavenly Alchemy, it’s very mysterious, I don’t know which sect he’s in charge of, then there’s the Heaven’s Mandate Divine Sects, then there’s the one who cultivates the Heavenly spirit kunfu, and lastly there’s the one who cultivates the God Murdering Sword Techniques."

"There is actually such a power." Chen Xiang had indeed not heard of them before, but he was certain that these four Divine Sects s were very powerful.

"Every time I enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, this Four Great Divine Sects will participate because this Four Great Divine Sects was the one that was built. They have a detailed map of the place, and after I killed those guys that plotted against me, I got the map." Lin Jitian said in a low voice.

Because Chen Xiang knew Lin Xirong and even helped Lin Xirong come here to find him, Lin Jitian was very close to him. That was why he told Chen Xiang such a secret.

Lin Jitian actually had a map of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, this made Chen Xiang extremely excited, he wanted to go there and take a look.

"Uncle, what is the relationship between Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation and Myriad Tao Mausoleum?" Chen Xiang had always been suspicious of this, even though he could guess one thing.

"Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation is the person who turned the key into the key, but no one knows how to turn it into the key, so after a while, everyone thought that it was a legend. However, from the few guys who plotted against me, I found out that only Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect knows how to turn the key into the key, and of course, the key is not only to open the door to Myriad Tao Mausoleum, but also to open many tombs inside."