Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Encountering such a thing also caught Chen Xiang by surprise. Judging from his arrogant attitude, this golden-robed man definitely had a good background.

But if he was allowed to pick the herbs like this, wouldn’t he be taking the blame then?

Chen Xiang took out a bead, and said: "Earlier, an elder told me, if there is someone who wants to forcefully pick the herbs, let me crush this bead!"

"You ... "Ignorant fellow, you must have just arrived!" The follower behind the golden robed man immediately sneered: "The young master in front of you is the son of the third hall master of the Super Origin Dan Hall, Yu Haorui. He came to pick the medicinal ingredients, and he doesn’t need any of the Golden Jade Medallions."

"I don’t care who he is! I only recognize the Golden Jade Token, if you guys are truly capable, getting the Golden Jade Token will not be a problem, right?! " Chen Xiang did not believe him, he felt that these two were here because they recognized him as a newcomer, so they wanted to take advantage of him.

If the other party came to pick the jade token when they didn’t have any, they would investigate and if they refused to admit to it, then they would make him take the blame. This small trick was easily seen through.

"Alright, remember this. I must let you have a good look." Yu Haorui was full of anger, he snorted, and left.

Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief, shook his head and sighed: "As expected, it’s as Uncle Lin said, the environment inside is not very good! As long as I can obtain the pill formula, I’ll leave immediately! "

With the recipe, he would be able to break free. The novel ybdu. If he broke through to Six Gods Stage, then he could become a true disciple, and wouldn’t have to suffer these retards anymore.

At night, an elder came to this place.

"Elder, it’s so late. What’s the matter?" Chen Xiang asked. At the beginning, he had guessed that the Elders Guild would talk about Yu Haorui, but the Elders did not.

"These herbs are almost ripe. Pick them up tonight. As long as the flowers don’t hurt the stem, I’ll wait for you inside." The elder took out a Golden Jade Token and entered the room.

Chen Xiang immediately went to pick the flowers planted on the three acres of land.

"That’s right, leave it for the night in the basement. Tomorrow, we will begin to organize and refine it." The elder nodded in satisfaction and pointed to the entrance to the basement.

When Chen Xiang came up, the elder said: "You were tired just now, go rest. I’ll stay here and watch."

Chen Xiang, on the other hand, was not tired. These matters were all trivial to him, but he still needed to rest, and then, he returned to his room.

In the middle of the night, he suddenly sensed that something was wrong. He jumped up from the bed and hastily headed to the larger room next to the herb field.

"Where did this guy go?" Didn’t you say that you need to stay the night? " Chen Xiang suddenly felt that something was amiss. He immediately entered the basement and saw that the three thousand flowers were all gone.

"We’ve been tricked!" "Damn old bastard!" Chen Xiang angrily struck the wall with his palm. Not long after he entered, he was already tricked.

If that elder said that he was taking all the flowers, he wouldn’t be able to explain it.

"Do we have to help this bastard take the blame?" Good... Since you dare to harm me, Chen Xiang, then I will not be merciful, and will return it back to you a hundred times, a thousand times over. "

Chen Xiang’s heart suddenly became gloomy and cold. Although these flowers were all high-grade Heavenly God medicine, they were easy to plant, he had a lot of them in the You Yao Mountain Villa, he immediately plucked them and placed them in the basement, then quickly walked up.

Daybreak, that elder came, and he even brought Yu Haorui, the hall master’s son over!

Seeing the two of them together, Chen Xiang understood even more. So these two had colluded with him to plot against him.

Behind them was an old man with long, straight white hair. This old man seemed to be filled with righteousness, and there was even a faint medicinal fragrance coming from him.

"Master Wang, the Sansu flowers you want is in the basement!" When the elder spoke, he was very respectful to the old man.

However, Chen Xiang had already seen through all of this, and remembered what happened just now. The arrogant Yu Haorui was laughing at him, the elder was extremely calm, as though nothing had happened.

"Good, good, good. This Sansu flowers is the main ingredient to concoct the Spirit-Restoring Pill. Its healing effect is very good." That Master Wang laughed and said, "After waiting for three years, I have finally matured!"

"Master Wang, for the past three years, these Sansu flowers have been under the care of this Chen Xiang fellow, and he has taken good care of them." The elder pointed at Chen Xiang and laughed, this was to let the Master Wang know that was in charge of all the Sansu flowers, at that time, it would be even easier for him to bite Chen Xiang.

"If it’s really good, then I will definitely get a reward!" Master Wang looked down and nodded with a smile. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Chen Xiang harrumphed in his heart, then followed them into the basement.

The elder opened the door and entered. When he saw that the place was filled with Sansu flowers, he was stunned.

Yu Haorui was also the same, because he and this elder had already overnight kept the Sansu flowers in their pockets, and then shifted the blame to Chen Xiang, making Chen Xiang take the blame. At that time, Chen Xiang would be punished, but they would be able to sell off a large number of Sansu flowers.

"Not bad, you planted well!" Master Wang was extremely happy. With a wave of his sleeve, he took care of the Sansu flowers, then smiled as he said, "Little guy, you took care of all the Sansu flowers, right? I have never seen such a good Sansu flowers, you use your talent in this area! "

The elder and Yu Haorui were both stunned. They did not know how Chen Xiang suddenly produced so many Sansu flowers, and the quality was so good too.

"Reporting to Master Wang, these are all grown by this brat!" Chen Xiang immediately nodded his head, since that elder had said that he was under Chen Xiang’s care for the past three years, even though he had only been here for a few days.

"Alright, alright, alright. Come with me from now on! I also have some medicinal fields to take care of, let’s go! " Master Wang was a very cheerful old man. He always had a smile on his face, and now he was even happier.

Chen Xiang also never thought that it would be such a result.

"Then I ask Master Wang to take good care of me in the future!" Chen Xiang was also very happy. He then looked at the elder and smiled, "Thank you elder for taking good care of me these past three years. I will remember all the good things you have done.

With that, Chen Xiang followed Master Wang and left the basement!

Yu Haorui watched as Chen Xiang and the Master Wang left with a cold expression on his face, "What’s going on!? This guy who makes people feel so disgusted is actually able to follow by Master Wang’s side. My father had recommended it many times to Master Wang, and wished that I would be able to follow by his side. However, I never succeeded! "

"This newbie actually stayed by Master Wang’s side just like that? Right, what exactly are those Sansu flowers? We were the ones who took them away! "