Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Yu Jinggong was also a Alchemist. Even though he could refine Taizun Dan, he couldn’t become a Supreme Pill God because a true Supreme Pill God needs to be acknowledged. However, Yu Jinggong’s usual scheming and scheming skills were not bad, so he was able to become the third hall master of the Super Origin Dan Hall.

"That’s right!" Yu Jinggong nodded with a smile, "Right, the road ahead is more dangerous, it’s better not to go over!"

"Oh? I’ve walked this path twice, and I haven’t encountered any danger! "" No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no... Just as the Master Wang finished speaking, a cry came from the other side, it was a beast with flying Dao Veins.

When the cry came out, Master Wang’s face slightly changed, before he anxiously controlled the flight divine tool to descend.

"As expected, this road is really dangerous!" Although the Master Wang had the cultivation of a sovereign, he had been refining pills all year round and his fighting experience could be said to be lacking. If not for the urgent situation, he would rarely take action.

"There is the supreme Dragon beast ahead, it should be a Dragon Eagle, its strength is’ pretty strong ’, but she just laid some Dragon Eagle eggs, her body is currently very weak." Yu Jinggong said: "How about this, Master Wang and I will go together, and kill this Dragon Eagle, and also ’get’ the Dragon Eagle egg. Master Wang should know the value of the Dragon Eagle egg."

Master Wang thought for a moment, then said: "Then what about these juniors?"

"They can do it here, Elder Li is a late stage Six Gods Stage, and my Rui Er is also an early stage Six God, my three disciples are all mid stage Six God, their strength is still sufficient, with them here, nothing will happen." Yu Jinggong said.

Hearing that, Chen Xiang felt that something was wrong, Yu Haorui hated him to the bones, and other than him, the rest of the people here belonged to Yu Jinggong, which was extremely disadvantageous to him. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"Master Wang... I’ll go with you. " Chen Xiang said, he did not want to stay.

"You don’t have to worry, just wait here for me." Master Wang looked at Yu Haorui and the others, and said: "Chen Xiang is only at the late stage of the Three Profound Realm, don’t bully him. If I find out, don’t blame me for being rude."

Chen Xiang did not know what value the Dragon Eagle Egg had, to actually be valued so highly by the Master Wang, and so he followed Yu Jinggong just like that.

Not long after they left, Chen Xiang sensed that the atmosphere wasn’t right.

"What do you want?"

Just as Chen Xiang finished speaking and was preparing to teleport away, several white lights suddenly shot out from all directions. In an instant, his body and Divine Sense Sea were attacked by the extremely numbing Thunder power.

"This is the power of the Supreme Realm!" Chen Xiang’s entire body was in pain, the Thunder power was also very intense, it directly struck his Spirit of the Dao gods, causing it to tremble, and was unable to send out any force.

"Haha ..." A waste of Late period of Three profound realm, you want to struggle? " Yu Haorui fiercely stomped on Chen Xiang’s abdomen, bringing a burst of flame energy into Chen Xiang, causing him to almost scream out loud. This Yu Haorui was in the early stages of Six Gods Stage, and his profound strength was not weak either.

"Are you not afraid of the Master Wang?" Chen Xiang shouted in anger.

"Hmph, whether he can come back or not is one thing!" Yu Haorui laughed out loud. "Brat, your innate Rule Dao line is pretty good ... "Also, you must have mastered some powerful pill techniques, and they are all mine now."

"Don’t even think about getting it!" Chen Xiang wanted to delay as much time as possible so that his Spirit of the Dao gods could stabilize. As long as he could send out a certain amount of Dao energy, he could teleport away.

"Whether or not I can obtain it is not up to you to decide! It’s up to me! " Yu Haorui pinched Chen Xiang’s throat: "I was very jealous of you before, but before long, that Rule Dao line of yours will be mine."

Suddenly, a gust of wind blew past, and a black-robed old man appeared. This old man had a dense Thunder power on him.

Chen Xiang was sure that he was injured by this man just now. After all, this man was an expert of the Tai Zun realm, and was not someone he could defeat now.

"Uncle, can you really use the Pulse Shifting Technique?" Yu Haorui asked: "This guy seems pretty ’strong’, the Dao power he released just now was extremely astonishing."

"That’s right, so I used the Thunder power to injure his Spirit of the Dao gods, and in that case, he will not be able to use Dao Energy, if not he would definitely be able to run away, and it would be difficult for us to catch him." The black-robed old man looked at Chen Xiang and two beams of white light shot out from his eyes into Chen Xiang’s.

"Uncle, what are you doing?" Yu Haorui asked with great curiosity: "I want to give this guy a good beating, he doesn’t look good to me."

"We’ll talk about it after we succeed in the Soul-Search Meridian!" The old man in black said, "If his body is too weak, it will affect the meridian transfer. I will first search his soul and see if I can ’activate’ his pill techniques."

Chen Xiang’s Spirit Fox was in excruciating pain. The opponent wanted to break the defense of’s soul, but his Spirit Fox’s defense was very strong. Even though the opponent was attacking him with lightning fast power, it did not crumble.

"This fellow, his soul defense is extremely strong!" The old man in black robe was surprised. "It looks like it will take some time!"

Chen Xiang endured yelling, because he couldn’t be distracted. He had to concentrate his’ spirit ’and let his Spirit of the Dao gods recover, only then would he be able to escape, if this continued, his soul might really be searched.

"You bunch of bastards, I, Chen Xiang will definitely not let you off!" Chen Xiang roared furiously in his heart. His still trembling Spirit of the Dao gods had already gradually stabilized.

The defense of his soul was being broken bit by bit, and just as he was about to succeed, Chen Xiang’s Spirit of the Dao gods used a burst of dao energy to pass through Chen Xiang’s spatial dao vein.

Chen Xiang immediately unleashed Space wind, allowing his body to move along with it. In the blink of an eye, he disappeared from where he stood!

"What’s going on?" Yu Haorui suddenly shouted: "Why did he suddenly disappear?"

The black-robed old man’s face was also filled with shock. He didn’t know what was going on. This was because there were very few people here who knew how to use the power of space, so he didn’t think that the power of space was involved.

"He actually ran away, quickly go look around!" The black robed elder anxiously shouted: "If he returns to the Original Tao or something like that, it will definitely be very troublesome."

The protective shield protecting his soul was not light at all. Although his body was struck by lightning, it wasn’t much of a problem, because the Thunder power was mainly used to attack his Spirit of the Dao gods.

Right now, his Spirit of the Dao gods had stabilized, but there was still a little problem with it, and this would require some time to recover.

"We’ve finally escaped! I wonder how Master Wang is doing now! Oh, I hope he’s all right! " Chen Xiang didn’t think about anything at this moment. Closing his eyes could help him recover faster.

After three days, he arrived on the ground after he had gone invisible. When he came out, he immediately saw Yu Jinggong and the black-robed old man.

"What about the Master Wang? How is he now? " It seemed that he had just met Yu Jinggong.

"He has already fallen into the dragon bone abyss!" Yu Jinggong said: "I almost suffered too, I didn’t expect the Dragon Eagle to be so strong ... ... That’s right, where’s Chen Xiang? Have you not succeeded yet? "

"Ai, he ran away!" The black-robed old man sighed, "This guy possesses the Heavenly Alchemy Dao line, he’s not an ordinary guy from the start. We have underestimated him."

Chen Xiang clenched his fist tightly, such a good Master Wang like him had actually been killed!

...

...