Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

When Yu Jinggong heard that Chen Xiang had run away, he was immediately enraged. "You bunch of useless brats, actually allowed a Three profound realm brat to escape!"

"Brother, listen to me!" The black robed elder quickly told Yu Jinggong everything that had happened.

"Looks like he’s been injured quite badly. You all continue to look around separately!" I will first return to the Primal Beginning Pill Gate and retrieve the divine medicine from the Master Wang. Afterwards, I will have someone come here to help me search for Chen Xiang. " Yu Jinggong said.

Master Wang had already fallen into the Dragon Bone Abyss. Whether he was dead or alive was unknown, but he had most likely died. Otherwise, Yu Jinggong would not be so calm, as killing a master was an extremely serious matter.

Chen Xiang could see that Yu Jinggong was able to cover the sky with one hand inside the Super Origin Dan Hall. At that time, he would definitely be able to explain everything and no one would suspect that it was him.

Therefore, Chen Xiang felt that no one would believe his words even if they were exposed.

"I can’t let this guy take the Master Wang’s divine medicine! I have to go back and take a look as well!" Chen Xiang immediately used Teleportation to return back to Original Tao in front of Yu Jinggong.

He had sneakily entered the Original Tao’s gate. Although the Master Wang’s treasure land was protected by the array formation, he could still pass through if he used the White Tiger Leap.

However, after entering, he found that all the ingredients had disappeared!

"What’s going on? Someone beat you to it? " Chen Xiang was surprised, but just as he was about to leave, he suddenly heard a voice by his ear.

"Is it Chen Xiang?" This was actually a matter of the Master Wang.

Chen Xiang was using invisibility now, but Master Wang could sense him, shocking him yet again.

"It’s me!" Master Wang, how are you now? " Chen Xiang was able to hear about the matters of the Master Wang, and his mood suddenly improved a lot. After all, the Master Wang was very good to him.

"Sigh, my body has already been destroyed. Fortunately, I previously trained in the soul of the Supreme Being, so I placed it in the treasure land. Once my original body dies, my soul will be resurrected. Right now, I only have the soul of the Supreme Being left to the very weak ones." Master Wang said, "You are above? Are you dead too? I really never thought that Yu Jinggong would be such a bastard! "

Chen Xiang felt that although the Master Wang was old and had a high cultivation, he was still too naïve, he was actually deceived. Maybe it was because he had been cultivating in seclusion for a long time, so even though he was young, he had never seen it before.

"I did not die. I was captured by him, but I ran away!" Chen Xiang revealed his true form, and said: "I knew they were here to plunder your medicine, I quickly rushed over, and planned to destroy this place, and not let them have it!"

"I don’t have many ingredients here. They have all been taken into the Divine Sense Sea of the Supreme Being’s Soul." Master Wang said: "It seems that my scheming is not as good as yours. You have always been on guard against them!"

Now, the Master Wang finally understood why Chen Xiang wanted to hunt the Dragon Eagle with him.

"Then, Master Wang, what do you plan to do now? Won’t you pick them off? " Chen Xiang said.

Even though I am a master, I have already died, so there is no value in it. Therefore, they will not get rid of Yu Jinggong and the other brothers for my sake, since they are all Overlords, they are also very strong in this Super Origin Dan Hall. " Master Wang asked: "Do you have any containers on you that allow me to stay here? I need a stable and safe place. "

"Yes!" Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors, and then a ball of white light floated over and entered the Six Realms mirrors.

"Not bad, I can feel a very rich Primitive Tao Power from this. Your divine tool is’ pretty ’powerful!" Master Wang laughed: "From now on, I will stay with you until I am able to cultivate my ’flesh’!"

"Alright, I will definitely protect you well!" Chen Xiang was still very respectful to the Master Wang.

"Chen Xiang, your teacher told me, do you have a Heavenly Alchemy Dao line?" The Master Wang suddenly asked: "When Yu Jinggong pushed me down the dragon bone abyss, he told me that you have the Heavenly Alchemy Dao line."

"That’s right!" Chen Xiang admitted it, "What happened to the Heavenly Alchemy Dao line? Why is that guy so reckless!? "

Chen Xiang brought the Master Wang and quickly left the place.

"Sigh, it’s hard to explain in a single sentence! If you are able to use the Heavenly Alchemy Dao line, you must have a Heavenly Alchemy art. These two are both extremely valuable things, and as long as you are a Alchemist, no one would not want to have it. " The Master Wang sighed, "From now on, you have to be careful and use the Heavenly Alchemy Dao line!"

"The only people who know about my eternal Heavenly Alchemy Dao line are Yu Jinggong and the others. They must definitely eliminate them." Chen Xiang said: "Otherwise, sooner or later, they will leak out everything." Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"Yes, but. Your current strength is insufficient! Dealing with the early stage of Six Gods Stage is not a problem, but dealing with the late stage Six Gods Stage would be extremely taxing, let alone the Tai Zun realm. " The Master Wang said.

The Tai Zun realm was indeed strong, so if Chen Xiang wanted to kill them, he could only rely on Lin Jitian.

"Go to the Heavenly Refining Conference first. If you want to step into the Six Gods Stage, then so be it. I have friends there that are worthy of your trust. The Master Wang said.

"Alright, I’ll go now!" Chen Xiang left the Super Origin Dan Hall, and quickly flew to the location where the Heavenly Refining Auction was held.

The location of the event was in the middle of a lake. There was an island and a small village on top of it.

Chen Xiang floated in the air. After seeing the island, he said to the Master Wang, "I found that island!"

He had flown for more than ten days before arriving.

"Now that you haven’t entered the village with the jade plates, you have to think of something. Anyway, I can’t show my face!" Master Wang said: "I got it, I’ll give you a pill, this is a low rank Taizun Dan, when the time comes, you can ask them if they can use this pill to exchange for the qualifications to participate."

Chen Xiang saw a golden pellet on the surface of the Six Realms mirrors, and asked: "What pellet is this?"

"The Supreme Six Armed Dan, after eating it, can let a Tai Zun realm person have six arms, it can be considered a kind of miraculous pill." Master Wang laughed: "Do you want to try? I still have two of these pills! "

"No need!" Chen Xiang felt that it was very unnatural when he thought about how he had six arms.

Holding this pill, he changed his appearance and arrived at the entrance to the village. At this time, he felt a familiar aura.

"Yu Jinggong’s egg is here!" The Master Wang in the Six Realms mirrors also felt it.

Chen Xiang calmed himself down, then turned his head to look, only to see Yu Jinggong bringing a few people over. After he revealed his jade tablet, the guards anxiously let them in.

"We absolutely cannot let these fellows return to the Super Origin Dan Hall alive." When Chen Xiang saw them, his anger flared up, and after that, he chatted with the door guard. When the door guard found out that he was going to give him a Supreme Ocean Six Armed Pellet, his face was filled with joy, and then let him in.

...

...