Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Read the domain name of this site online in plain text

When Master Wang heard the words Heavenly Alchemy soul, he immediately cried out!

"I never thought that the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect would have such a situation!" Master Wang exclaimed: "I don’t know much about Heavenly Alchemy soul, I only know that it can release something called a Heavenly Alchemy immortal power, and it’s very strong! As long as one obtained the Spirit of Dawn, they could merge it into a Divine Weapon, and that Divine Weapon would have the Heavenly Alchemy immortal power. "Access:"

"What do you mean by that?" Yue Yang asked. Chen Xiang was still in the Three profound realm now, but he was confident that he could enter the Six Gods Stage in a short amount of time.

"Every so often, the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect’s Heavenly Refining Divine Cauldron will give birth to the soul of this dawn. However, the Breaking Dawn Soul had its own master. If it did not meet the criteria set by the Breaking Dawn Soul, then the Breaking Dawn Soul would not be able to fuse with it! Therefore, whenever there is a situation like this, Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect will hold a competition, and allow the Spirit of Dawn to watch the competition on the spot. "

"The winner will receive the approval of the Spirit of Dawn! At that time, Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect’s own disciple will also participate ... Maybe all the other Divine Sects s will come, and those Divine Sects s should be the most clear about the power of the Spirit of Dawn. "

Chen Xiang immediately called Yu Jingming and asked him when he would participate in the competition.

"From today onwards, there are still seven days. When we register to participate, we will need to test the strength of the Six Gods Stage s on the spot! After registering, one must refine a total of thirty thousand Natural Law Dan in two hours. Only then, can one obtain the qualifications to enter the competition. "

There were still seven days, so Chen Xiang was not in a rush.

"What about the auction? When will it start? " Chen Xiang was extremely interested in Yu Jinggong’s Gold pagoda Ganoderma, as it was something that could help him enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. He didn’t know whether he could suppress the death poison either, so he ’got’ the Gold pagoda Ganoderma to defend himself.

"Five days later!" Yu Jingming quickly replied.

"Alright, I’ll go check out the auction when the time comes."

Chen Xiang calmed his mood and then ate that pellet of Pill Six-gods Guiyuan Dan.

Although the quality of the pills refined with Crash s were high, and the medicinal power contained within was strong, but after consuming them, their speed of refinement was not slow. Chen Xiang felt that they were much faster than the pills he refined before.

"I must succeed! I must participate in that competition!" Chen Xiang closed his eyes and chanted in his heart. At this time, the medicinal power had already surged into his Spirit of the Dao gods. After the three profound God s felt the medicinal power, they gradually shrank and fused together.

The Six-gods Guiyuan Dan continued to release its medicinal power in a steady stream while refining itself and pouring it into the Spirit of the Dao gods. It continued to produce a strong medicinal power that pushed the Three profound Divine Junctures in the Spirit of the Dao gods to fuse with it ...

"We’re going to succeed, let’s continue!" Chen Xiang saw that the fusion speed of the Three profound Divine Junctures had already started to slow down. If he could not succeed in one go, then the Three profound Divine Junctures would return to how it was before.

Fortunately, the Six-gods Guiyuan Dan he refined had a very strong medicinal power. Even though there was only a tiny bit of the remaining medicinal power, it was able to successfully fuse Three profound Divine Junctures together and condense six primordial spirits!

The six Primal Souls were extremely special as they floated in the Three profound Divine Junctures like six balls of flame!

Inside the golden Spirit of the Dao gods was a big ball of white light, and inside the big ball of white light, there were six bright flames that were floating back and forth!

After he succeeded, Chen Xiang opened his eyes, clenched his fists and released a burst of power from the Spirit of the Dao gods!

In the blink of an eye, powerful Dao energy surged out!

"He’s more than ten times stronger than before. Both the Spirit of the Dao gods and the Three profound Divine Junctures are now very powerful." Chen Xiang felt the powerful strength he had just obtained, and his heart surged.

"Yu Haorui, you definitely can’t let me meet you. Otherwise, the only thing you can do is die." Chen Xiang remembered back then when Yu Haorui had kicked him viciously, she wanted to obtain his Heavenly Alchemy Dao line.

After breaking through, although Chen Xiang was elated, there were still a lot of things he needed to do, and they were rather risky.

Yu Jinggong’s Gold pagoda Ganoderma were very precious, and he couldn’t just buy them. That would require more than twenty billion Dao crystal, and he didn’t have the time to gather that many Dao crystal right now.

Therefore, he could only use methods!

The Gold pagoda Ganoderma was Yu Jinggong’s, so he was not worried at all. At that time, if he had the chance, he would immediately make his move.

"Yu Jingming, did you ’get’ me the right to enter the auction?" Chen Xiang whispered to Yu Jingming.

"I got it, I’ll send it to you now." Yu Jingming immediately headed towards Chen Xiang’s residence. Chen Xiang was staying at a few villagers’ homes, which was a relatively safe and quiet place.

Yu Jingming snuck over quietly and entered Chen Xiang’s room, giving him a jade token.

"This is the jade token to enter the auction place." Yu Jingming said.

"Did Yu Jinggong suspect you? "You better be careful, this guy is so vicious to his own little brother. If he discovers you, you might be killed." Chen Xiang said.

"Don’t worry about that, I will pay close attention. He won’t notice anything, and right now he doesn’t have any suspicions towards me, so this is an extremely important period for him. Because he wants to obtain the Heavenly Alchemy soul, he needs to gather a large amount of Dao crystal and hire a decent level of Alchemist to participate in the competition." Yu Jingming said.

"Where is the Gold pagoda Ganoderma now?" Chen Xiang had to understand the situation.

"It’s still on Yu Jinggong’s body. He only took it out that day when it was his turn to take action. After all, these things are so precious, so he can’t be at ease being kept by others." Yu Jingming said.

"Alright, you can go back now!" Chen Xiang frowned. This way, he wouldn’t need to ’get’ the Gold pagoda Ganoderma.

These few days, Chen Xiang had been observing everything inside and outside the auction venue, trying to figure out how to steal the Gold pagoda Ganoderma when he sees it. He also signed up for the Pill Forging Competition, and he even used his own name right away.

If he did not use his real name, and Yu Jinggong exposed him, it would be troublesome. He was not afraid of Yu Jinggong here.

"The people from the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect must also have Heavenly Alchemy Dao line. If I had the Heavenly Alchemy Dao line, there shouldn’t be anything strange about it." Although Chen Xiang thought this, he was still a little worried that his possession of the Heavenly Alchemy Dao line would be exposed.

Today, the auction started. After Chen Xiang used his transformation technique to turn into a small old man, he slowly walked into the auction place.

After entering, he immediately used the transmission talisman to contact Yu Jingming. He found out that he was currently in the same room as Yu Jinggong, and couldn’t see him from the outside.

"will bring the Gold pagoda Ganoderma up to the stage later! It’s mainly because Yu Jinggong wishes for his son to have some face. " Yu Jingming sent a message to Chen Xiang.

...𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m