Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Yu Jingming looked at the furious Yu Jinggong, feeling extremely happy in his heart, only he knew that Chen Xiang had done it. At this moment, he was even more impressed with Chen Xiang’s methods, to actually be able to do it in that situation.

"At this moment, there is not a single person missing outside. They were told not to leave this place and all of them have been investigated thoroughly. The person who stole the Gold pagoda Ganoderma must still be outside." Yu Jinggong said. He was the one who had lost, and the people at the auction would definitely not be responsible for the compensation.

"You should be aware that many of the people who are participating in this auction are from solid backgrounds. I cannot keep them here. If you are able to do so, then go ahead and attend the auction." The people at the auction house thought that they were not at fault, which made Yu Jinggong very angry.

"You all ... It was all in vain that I trusted you all so much, and yet you all want to shirk your responsibilities. " Yu Jinggong shouted in anger.

"Humph, if someone is really stealing your Gold pagoda Ganoderma from us, we will definitely try our hardest to catch him, but no matter how you look at it now, it seems like you are all putting on an act and trying to trick us. If you have evidence to prove who attacked us, we will definitely do our best to capture that person." The auctioneer said.

When Yu Jinggong heard this, he was so angry that the corner of his brows trembled, and he snorted: "Let’s go."

... ....

After Chen Xiang succeeded, he left the auction far, far away. Furthermore, he had already planted the Gold pagoda Ganoderma, and it wouldn’t be long before the Gold pagoda Ganoderma would reproduce.

"Master Wang, have you ever entered the Myriad Tao Mausoleum?" Chen Xiang asked: "I think Yu Jinggong went in there before, he probably got a lot of good stuff from there."

"The Myriad Tao Mausoleum is very dangerous, although anyone can enter, the chances of survival are very small. Of course, if we can pass through the Flying Dragon Experience Place, then it would be even safer to enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum." Master Wang said: "However, the Flying Dragon Experience Place is controlled by the Flying Dragon Palace, and if we do not enter, even if we are able to, without sufficient strength to pass, the only road left for us is death."

Chen Xiang had also heard about the matters of the Flying Dragon Experience Place before, which required one to have an extremely high realm and strength to enter.

When the Myriad Tao Mausoleum opens, the Four Great Divine Sects will work together to open the Transmission array outside the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. At that time, the people from the Four Great Divine Sects will lead the people from the other sects into the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

"I must go and take a look." Chen Xiang mainly entered the Myriad Tao Mausoleum to go there. If he could get some good stuff there, it would not be bad.

Chen Xiang felt that he had a good chance of winning against all the other Alchemist s. As long as it wasn’t Alchemist participating in the competition with the Tai Zun realm, he wouldn’t feel any pressure.

In the Alchemist of the Tai Zun realm, there were still many strong existences. For example, the Master Wang was extremely powerful, but it was a pity that they were half dead right now, and that was all because of Yu Jinggong.

"Chen Xiang, Yu Haorui went out alone. Do you want to follow him?" Yu Jingming suddenly said to Chen Xiang.

"He left alone. Where did he go? He left the village." Chen Xiang’s heart moved, at the auction, Chen Xiang had almost killed him, but he was afraid that it would cause a huge commotion and attract powerful Tai Zun realm Rankers, preventing him from participating in the pill refining competition.

"He did not leave the village and instead went to gather with some of the young genius disciples of Yuan Shi Tao School." Yu Jingming told Chen Xiang the location, it was a hotel.

When Chen Xiang arrived, he saw a few people that he was more familiar with. They were the Murong Brothers, Liang Jinjun, Zhao Yunqiao and Gu Qingtian.

"Aren’t these guys just outer sect disciples? Why would they be together with Yu Haorui?" Chen Xiang had a good influence on them previously, because at that time, they had all rejected the famous Supreme Realm invitation from the Yuan Shi Tao School and stayed in the outer sect to train, relying on their own strength to enter the inner sect.

Chen Xiang had already changed his appearance, he was not afraid of them recognizing him, he walked into the hotel and saw Yu Haorui coming out to welcome them.

Yu Haorui’s face was full of smiles, not one bit depressed because he lost his Gold pagoda Ganoderma, but his mood was actually so good.

"All of you are famous disciples of the Supreme Realm in the Yuan Shi Tao School, there is no need to be polite to me." Yu Haorui chuckled, and then brought them all to the upper floor of the hotel.

Chen Xiang was secretly shocked. The Murong Brothers had actually entered the inner sect and acknowledged the Overlords as their masters, no wonder Yu Haorui treated them so well.

Other than the Murong Brothers, there were also many other young true disciples of the Yuan Shi Tao School. This Heavenly Refining Conference had not only attracted the Alchemist to attend, some of the Overlords had also come to purchase pills, so they brought a lot of their young disciples.

After Chen Xiang disappeared, he entered the hotel and went to the third floor. There was a very spacious hall here, where Yu Haorui and the other young geniuses were all gathered.

"My friends, you have stayed in the outer sect before. Do you know a person called Chen Xiang?" Yu Haorui asked after telling the Murong Brothers to sit down.

After Chen Xiang had escaped, Yu Jinggong and the others had not given up. However, after searching through that place for a while, they were still unable to find Chen Xiang.

In this way, he would be able to obtain the inheritance of Chen Xiang’s Heavenly Alchemy Dao line and alchemy techniques. He had previously investigated Chen Xiang and knew that Chen Xiang had come from the outer sect.

When Chen Xiang had first entered the outer sect, he had participated in many battles, thus, it was very easy for Yu Haorui to find out about these things.

"I know him, but I’m not familiar with him. He just stayed in the outer sect for a short while and he already passed the inner sect entrance exam. We never saw him again." Gu Qingtian said: "Brother Yu, what are you looking for him for?"

"After this Chen Xiang came to the inner sect, he entered the Super Origin Dan Hall and stayed with the Master Wang. However, this fellow is extremely vicious, after killing the Master Wang, he took all the medicinal herbs in the Master Wang’s treasure grounds. Right now, the entire Super Origin Dan Hall is searching for him." Yu Haorui said as he grinded his teeth, looking as if he was serious.

After Chen Xiang heard this, he was very angry in his heart. He wished that he could immediately go out and slap Yu Haorui’s mouth, then speak such nonsense. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Master Wang died in an abyss caused by his father, and now he was being falsely accused.

"Is this true? Is this true?" Gu Qingtian didn’t dare believe it, because he had fought with Chen Xiang before. He felt that Chen Xiang wasn’t that kind of person.