Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Regarding this matter, Yu Jinggong would never admit it, and Chen Xiang had no evidence either. Since the Master Wang did not come out, the truth was still in the clouds.

Although Yu Jinggong had rebutted him, many people did not believe that Chen Xiang was the culprit. Even if Chen Xiang had already stepped into the Six Gods Stage, at the very least, he was still a Tai Zun realm, and Chen Xiang was unable to deal with him.

Furthermore, Yu Jinggong was from the Tai Zun realm, so he had enough strength to scheme and murder Master Wang. Therefore, many people believed that it was Yu Jinggong who did it.

Yu Jinggong still had some power, so none of Master Wang’s friends dared to do anything to him.

It wasn’t until the day of the competition that Chen Xiang finally showed his face to participate in the competition. At this time, he was surrounded by Master Wang s who clamored about the situation there.

Chen Xiang had discussed this with Master Wang before; if asked, how should he answer, now, Chen Xiang would answer according to what Master Wang had said before.

Since the Master Wang was the one who guided Chen Xiang and answered the questions, many people believed in Chen Xiang’s words.’s words were too preposterous.

"Master Wang is in a secret place to cultivate his fleshly body. Once he has finished cultivating, he will naturally come to find you. At that time, the truth will be out." Chen Xiang said to the old men, this group of old men all possessed the Supreme Force. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"Alright, at that time, if we are certain that it was Yu Jinggong who did it, we will definitely not spare him."

"Yu Jinggong this guy, already knew that he would say something. YB Du is a very sinister person in Super Origin Dan Hall, I never thought that you would dare to harm Master Wang. "

"It’s just that there is no evidence. If Master Wang can come out, he can take Yu Jinggong down right now."

Many people chose to believe in Chen Xiang!

Chen Xiang also wanted Master Wang to come out, but it was extremely dangerous. At the moment, Master Wang only had an extremely weak soul, so if he came out, it would be very dangerous. And the Master Wang didn’t want others to know that he was with Chen Xiang either. This would cause Chen Xiang to be in extreme danger.

Because Chen Xiang wanted to participate in the competition, everyone stopped surrounding Chen Xiang and allowed him to enter the arena.

Right now, it was the preliminary competition, to refine a high quality Natural Law Dan at the specified time. This was not difficult for Chen Xiang, he completed it quickly.

After passing through the preliminaries, Chen Xiang would obtain the qualifications!

By noon, there were only a hundred or so people who passed the preliminaries, Chen Xiang never thought that there would be so few people who passed.

"The official competition starts at night and it’s only one match. I have to compete with these hundred experts, so the pressure is not small." At this point of time, Chen Xiang found out that there were twenty disciples of the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect who had passed the preliminaries with the fastest speed possible.

The rules for the competition had yet to come out, but Chen Xiang believed that it would definitely be fair, because it was primarily to let the Heavenly Alchemy soul approve, and when the time came, the spiritual Heavenly Alchemy soul would also be present to watch.

Chen Xiang was patiently waiting in the competition hall. He heard that they were preparing the medicinal ingredients, which was why they started at night!

"Chen Xiang, what do you have with Flying Dragon Palace? Just a moment ago, a Flying Dragon Envoy came to find Yu Jinggong to talk about your business. " Yu Jingming sent a message to Chen Xiang.

Hearing Flying Dragon Envoy, Chen Xiang’s heart trembled! Back then, he had gotten all the pieces of the Heavenly Alchemy art from the Flying Dragon Envoy!

Now that the Flying Dragon Envoy was here, it was obvious that he knew that he had taken away the broken pieces, and coincidentally found out about the Gold pagoda Ganoderma, which was why he thought of the Heavenly Alchemy art fragment.

Flying Dragon Envoy might suspect that it was me! But he doesn’t have any evidence, but he definitely knows that I will always have a Heavenly Alchemy Dao line, and I even know how to use it. Chen Xiang was secretly worried.

"They went to your place." Yu Jingming sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang had already sensed the aura of the Flying Dragon Envoy, he immediately closed his eyes and pretended to close them to rest. This was the territory of the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect, the Flying Dragon Palace would definitely not dare to act rashly, and as a member of the Yuan Shi Tao School, he would definitely not act rashly.

Chen Xiang did not look at the Flying Dragon Envoy, and started to laugh coldly to himself. Yu Jinggong could be considered a member of the Yuan Shi Tao School, but he had actually colluded with the Flying Dragon Palace s.

"Chen Xiang!" Yu Jinggong shouted, her voice was cold and filled with killing intent.

There were a lot of Alchemist s in the hall, all of them had some power, the younger Alchemist s were all there too. Yu Jinggong’s sudden shouts disturbed them from their rest, they immediately glared at Yu Jinggong, causing his expression to change.

Chen Xiang stood up, and laughed: Oh, isn’t this Yu Jinggong? And this person is Flying Dragon Envoy, our Yuan Shi Tao School has always been at odds with him, but you, Yu Jinggong, have a very good relationship with him! "

"It’s also no wonder. Since you even dare to harm your own sect’s Master Wang, colluding with the Flying Dragon Palace is naturally nothing much!"

Yu Jinggong was startled, he never thought that Chen Xiang would actually reveal the identity of the Flying Dragon Envoy just like that, he thought that Chen Xiang would not dare to say it.

Now, Chen Xiang dared to say nothing!

The people here all hated the Flying Dragon Palace more or less, because the Flying Dragon Palace was extremely tyrannical. It was not only because of the enmity between the Yuan Shi Tao School and himself, the other sects were also like this.

At this time, the hall master of the Yuan Shi Tao School was walking together with the Flying Dragon Envoy.

"Chen Xiang, did you take away my things?" Flying Dragon Envoy scolded angrily, because he lost the Heavenly Alchemy art fragment, causing him to receive a very serious punishment.

"What is it?" I don’t know! No wonder all of you want to splash dirty water on me when you get together. " Chen Xiang would definitely not admit that he was the one who took the Heavenly Alchemy art away.

"Don’t think I’m afraid to tell you." The fact that the Flying Dragon Envoy knew about Chen Xiang being on the hundred floor was extremely shocking.

"Tell me!" I am not afraid, but you should be! " Chen Xiang laughed, "What losses will I suffer? Right now, I am someone from the Yuan Shi Tao School, and although there is a trash like Yu Jinggong, the Yuan Shi Tao School is still better off. "

The Flying Dragon Envoy clenched his fist, just as he was about to speak, an old man walked in and said coldly: "If there’s any grievances, we can settle it outside, everyone should rest here, get back to normal, familiarize ourselves with the competition grounds, and don’t make a ruckus."

This old man could tell at a glance that he was an extremely powerful one, causing both Flying Dragon Envoy and Yu Jinggong to reveal a trace of fear. Then, they glared at Chen Xiang, before hurriedly leaving.

Until night fell, when Yu Jingming received news that both he and the Flying Dragon Envoy did not tell anyone about him possessing the Heavenly Alchemy Dao line. It was because they all wanted to obtain the Heavenly Alchemy Dao line, and were afraid that it would be taken away by someone else.

"These two fellows are underestimating me. Once I obtain the Heavenly Alchemy soul, I will definitely take care of them both." Chen Xiang was in an extremely good condition, he was extremely confident in his ability to participate in the competition.