Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

This competition was hosted by the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect and the ingredients were also provided by the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect. At this moment, the Alchemist who were waiting in the hall for the competition to begin were all extremely curious about what kind of rule this competition would follow!

The disciples of the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect also didn’t know the rules, so when many people asked them about it, they shook their heads. They said that they themselves didn’t know either, so it could be seen that the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect was still fair.

Chen Xiang felt that no matter what rule it was, as long as he had sufficient strength, he would definitely be able to achieve good results.

Very soon, it was night. Other than the Alchemist who were participating in the final competition, there were also many people who came to watch. These people were all disciples of the Supreme Lord and the Supreme Lord.

Chen Xiang saw that the Murong Brothers were here, they had all followed their master!

Yu Haorui was also there, and when Chen Xiang looked at Yu Haorui, he just so happened to be looking at him, with eyes full of hatred and anger, as if he wanted to rush over and eat him.

Seeing Yu Haorui’s expression, Chen Xiang smiled at him, but it was filled with disdain, which made Yu Haorui even angrier.

The center of the Main Hall was very spacious, with over a hundred Alchemist taking out their pill furnaces and sitting there, it did not feel crowded at all.

"The people from Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect are here!" A person suddenly said in a low voice. He saw more than ten old men suddenly walking in front of him.

Read > Fiction

The people in the great hall all stood up hastily. Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect was a mysterious and powerful sect, and every time they held a Heavenly Refining Conference, many people would benefit greatly from it.

The Alchemist was very respectful to the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect!

After the dozen or so elders from the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect walked out, they took out a white ball of light and placed it on a table.

"Could this be the Heavenly Alchemy soul?" When Chen Xiang saw the white ball of light, he had a strange feeling.

"Everyone has been waiting for a long time. I will not waste any time and directly tell everyone the rules of the competition." An old man said before gesturing for everyone to sit down.

After everyone had sat down, the old man said, "The final result of this competition will be decided by everyone!"

The old man waved his hand, and then a large group of sturdy men walked in, all of them holding a large jade jar filled with medicinal ingredients. Although these medicinal ingredients were all high grade Heavenly God medicine, it caused many of the Alchemist s to be extremely shocked.

Some of these medicinal ingredients were things that they had never seen before, while others they had seen before. However, they were extremely rare and belonged to the rarer kind!

There were a total of one hundred vats of such medicinal herbs, and none of them were heavy at that. This caused many people to be shocked at the strength of the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect, to have such a deep foundation!

"Here are a hundred types of high-grade heaven’s great medicine. If you want to know the specific details of these medicinal herbs, you can just send your consciousness into the jade vat and find out!"

"In this competition, you will need to concoct a pill formula yourselves, and then use the effects of the pills to determine if you will be able to obtain the final victory. Once you have concocted the pills that you created, everyone will vote for you, and the one with the highest number of votes will decide whether to give the Heavenly Alchemy soul to him according to the circumstances."

When Chen Xiang heard the rules, he could not help but frown, the other Alchemist s were the same, all of them discussed softly, everyone was worried that something unfair would happen.

The difficulty of this competition was quite high. How could one select the most effective medicinal pill from the hundred types of medicinal ingredients that would emerge from the competition and earn the recognition of many people?

This was a huge challenge to the comprehensive ability of a Alchemist, and it was also the first time Chen Xiang had encountered such a competition.

"The competition should last for twelve hours. You should hurry up and finish it as soon as morning breaks!" The old man said, "It’s starting now. If you fail, you just have to finish it within the specified time!"

After saying that, it started. The hourglass started to pour down, and all the participating Alchemist s started to understand the effects of these hundred types of medicinal ingredients. This way, they would know how to concoct the best medicinal pellets.

Each large jade vat contained over a hundred portions of medicinal ingredients, so the medicinal ingredients were sufficient.

Just like the others, Chen Xiang also sent his consciousness into the jade vat, obtaining information on every type of medicinal herbs. These medicinal herbs were all strange, many of them had never appeared before, and were extremely unfamiliar.

Chen Xiang quietly observed the twenty disciples of Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect. At this moment, their eyebrows were tightly knitted, which meant that they did not know how to mix the medicinal ingredients, and that Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect did not favor their disciples.

After all, this competition was only to get the approval of the Heavenly Alchemy soul, if he cheated and won, when the Heavenly Alchemy soul fused with the winner, they would definitely know if the person had cheated, and in the end, he would not be able to merge with the soul, so even if he cheated and won, there would be no benefits.

"There are actually Five Elements Dew Fruits!" After Chen Xiang finished reading, he was shocked to discover that the spirit had not returned to the purple bamboo shoot.

Chen Xiang did not plan to ask the Master Wang for guidance, because in that case, he had cheated, and might not be able to merge with the artifact spirit in the end.

"The Five Elements Dew Fruit is the main ingredient used to refine Six-gods Guiyuan Dan. Although it lacks the Spirit Returning Violet Bamboo, it can still play a major role."

Chen Xiang did not understand much about the herbs here, but he knew, other people were the same, because most of the herbs taken out by the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect were rarely seen, and from the looks of the confused looks on the faces of the Alchemist people, they were obvious.

"The Five Elements Dew Fruit’s main function should be towards the Six yuan god. If I add something into it, it might be able to refine a pill that can make the Six yuan god stronger. Eating this kind of pill can speed up the growth of the Six Gods Stage."

Chen Xiang thought for a while, then looked for the ingredients related to this area, to see if they could be combined together.

After an hour had passed, Chen Xiang was unable to find anything. However, there were already people starting to concoct the pill, it was just a try to do so.

"I’ll give it a try, since there are so many herbs here!" Chen Xiang picked out the Five Elements Dew Fruit, added three types of medicinal herbs that had a certain effect on the Six yuan god, and then began to refine it.

He finished the pill in an hour, and after he ate it, there was no effect at all. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"I’ve met with a problem this time!" Chen Xiang sighed in his heart. He looked at the other Alchemist s and saw that they were also flustered. Many of them had just picked the herbs and were a little excited.

This competition was extremely challenging, Chen Xiang had not felt this nervous in a long time!

"My previous thoughts were wrong. The herbs here are just high-grade Heavenly God medicines, even though they have a use for Six Gods Stage, they are still very limited. I should focus on whether they are useful for Three profound realm s." Chen Xiang changed his way of thinking.