The Heavenly Alchemy soul was placed on the table in front of them. After witnessing the entire competition, everyone knew that the Heavenly Alchemy soul picked its owner.

"Kunyun, this is the Heavenly Alchemy soul, see if you can fuse with it. If not, then you have not obtained the recognition of the Heavenly Alchemy soul." The Great Elder pointed at the white ball of light on the table.

Although Kunyun concocting the Sky Profound God Pellet was not bad, it was far inferior to Chen Xiang’s. It was only through coincidence that he caused the most votes, but the Great Elder had said before that this was not the standard for judging one’s final victory.

Now that Kunyun had obtained the chance to fuse with the Heavenly Alchemy soul, he was very nervous. The Heavenly Alchemy soul was originally something that belonged to the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect, and because no one in the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect was able to fuse with a Heavenly Alchemy soul, he would use this method.

Before, when Kunyun was in the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect, he had also attempted to fuse with the Heavenly Alchemy soul, but in the end, he did not succeed. Many of the’s outstanding disciples had this opportunity, but in the end, all had the same result.

Right now, Kunyun had passed the competition and obtained first place, so he had a second chance. It was just that he was not completely sure, because he was very clear on the gap between him and Chen Xiang.

This number one should have been Chen Xiang’s, but he was unwilling to give in. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"Drop some blood." The Great Clan Elder said, "If you are unable to successfully fuse them, let Chen Xiang give it a try. Do you have any objections?"

"If I really am unable to succeed, then of course I have no objections. This means that I did not obtain the approval of the Heavenly Alchemy soul." Kunyun said as blood dripped onto the white ball of light.

Just as Kunyun was filled with anticipation, the white ball of light suddenly released a white flame, burning away Kunyun’s blood.

"This... "How did it turn out like this? I clearly already got first place." Kunyun’s fusion had failed, and many people could only sigh. Especially the people from the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect, they understood the Heavenly Alchemy soul the best.

"I... I’ll try again. " Kunyun did not care about whether the Great Clan Elder agreed to it or not, he anxiously dripped some blood on the Heavenly Alchemy soul, but the result was still the same.

"Kunyun, do you still not understand? You haven’t obtained the recognition from the Heavenly Alchemy soul." The Great Elder shook his head and sighed. At this moment, his expression was somewhat solemn.

"Great Clan Elder, why doesn’t the Heavenly Alchemy soul approve of me?" Kunyun was depressed.

"I don’t know either, this kind of thing has happened a few times since ancient times. Once, the Heavenly Alchemy soul died itself out because it couldn’t find its master." The Great Clan Elder looked at Chen Xiang and said, "Chen Xiang, come over and try it out."

Chen Xiang nodded, and walked over. At this time, he was also a bit nervous, and the Heavenly Alchemy Dao line in his body twitched for some reason, as if it was very excited.

He took a deep breath to relax, and then dripped his blood on top of the white ball of light. His blood could actually seep through the transparent crystal on the surface of the white ball of light and enter the ball of light.

Seeing this scene, everyone present was shocked.

Chen Xiang was actually able to successfully fuse with the Heavenly Alchemy soul, and obtained the approval of the Heavenly Alchemy soul.

Kunyun secretly gritted his teeth as he looked at Chen Xiang.

"That’s what I’m going to do next." Chen Xiang was pleasantly surprised, but his face was very calm.

"See if you can absorb the Heavenly Alchemy soul into your body." The Great Clan Elder said, "The Heavenly Alchemy soul has finally found a suitable master."

With a thought, the Heavenly Alchemy soul turned into a streak of white light and entered Chen Xiang’s body.

"What exactly is the use of the Heavenly Alchemy soul?" Chen Xiang knew nothing about this, he only knew that it was powerful.

"Different Heavenly Alchemy soul have different functions, and we don’t know about your Heavenly Alchemy soul either. We can only ask you to properly unearth his power for yourself, since the Heavenly Alchemy soul has acknowledged you, you will definitely not disappoint the Heavenly Alchemy soul in the future." The Great Clan Elder heaved a sigh of relief. Finding a master for the Heavenly Alchemy soul was an extremely important mission.

The Heavenly Alchemy soul was like a sacred artifact in the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect, many experts in the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect also wanted to obtain it, but the Heavenly Alchemy soul did not approve of them. Helpless, the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect used this method to give the Heavenly Alchemy soul away.

Seeing Chen Xiang, this outsider who had obtained such a good thing, many young disciples of the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect were unconvinced. However, they could not say anything, because even though they had tried to fuse with the Heavenly Alchemy soul before, they did not succeed.

"The only reason why Chen Xiang can fuse with the Heavenly Alchemy soul is because he possesses the Heavenly Alchemy Dao line. This in itself is unfair." Yu Jinggong suddenly said, he was also extremely jealous, he was willing to give it his all, wanting to create trouble for Chen Xiang, and expose that Chen Xiang had the Heavenly Alchemy Dao line.

Chen Xiang actually had a Heavenly Alchemy Dao line, which made everyone present dumbstruck.

The Heavenly Alchemy Dao line was an extremely precious dao vein. If one wanted to use Dao crystal s to condense and refine from the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele, it would require an extremely large number of Dao crystal s, which could go up to a trillion or so.

Even in the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect, only a few virtuous and respected Original Ancestor would have such a dao vein.

"Great Clan Elder, he has the Heavenly Alchemy Dao line ... That’s why we obtained the recognition of the Heavenly Alchemy soul. This is not fair to us. " After Kunyun recovered from his shock, he said hurriedly. He was even more jealous in his heart, he was a very outstanding young disciple in the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect, he didn’t even have a Heavenly Alchemy Dao line.

What’s unfair about that, even if the Heavenly Alchemy Dao line does not approve of him, would it approve of you? Chen Xiang has the Heavenly Alchemy Dao line, so it is very suitable for the Heavenly Alchemy soul. The Great Clan Elder’s voice was extremely cold. "Kunyun, I have truly misjudged you, to actually be so impetuous. My heart is filled with jealousy, and cannot bear to see the face of others."

The Great Clan Elder swept his gaze across the disciples of the other Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect s. These disciples were also extremely jealous of Chen Xiang, but they did not say anything.

"I’m not jealous, I’m just unwilling." Kunyun looked at Chen Xiang and said: "Although he has the Heavenly Alchemy Dao line, so is refining pills, but that does not mean that he is outstanding. If we are comparing strength, I am not weaker than him."

"That’s right, Great Clan Elder, we are not weaker than him, but why give the Heavenly Alchemy soul to him, even if we have to give it to him, we have to accept it wholeheartedly." A Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect disciple said, and the other disciples all agreed with his words.

"Alright." The Great Clan Elder was somewhat angry. His Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect’s disciple was actually so delicate and kind, he said to Chen Xiang, "Chen Xiang, you have already obtained the Heavenly Alchemy soul, but my Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect’s disciples aren’t convinced, do you have a way to convince them?"

"When we were refining pills, we had already competed against each other, but we were still unconvinced. Let’s compete in the most primitive way, let’s compete with whoever is stronger." Chen Xiang was currently in the early stages of Six Gods Stage, he was extremely confident in his own strength.