Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Because they were enveloped by the barrier just now, no one outside could feel the terror of the Heavenly Alchemy immortal power. At this moment, Chen Xiang had also restrained his Heavenly Alchemy immortal power!

Although he did not sense it, he could tell from the expressions of the few elders of Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect that the fusion of Chen Xiang’s body and the Heavenly Alchemy soul had become extremely terrifying. Furthermore, this was an example of a Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect that had never appeared before.

"Chen Xiang... Where exactly did you get your Heavenly Alchemy Dao line? And you still need the Heavenly Alchemy art, right? From what I know, the Heavenly Alchemy art does not contain any secret techniques, but you do! " Yu Jinggong suddenly said sternly: "I heard that you possess a type of Invisibility Technique. Was my Gold pagoda Ganoderma stolen by you that day?"

When Chen Xiang heard this question, he only intended to ignore it! However, the Heavenly Alchemy soul in his body did not agree, and in an instant, ignited the hidden anger and hatred towards Yu Jinggong in the bottom of his heart!

"Yu Jingming, cooperate with me later and kill that bastard Yu Jinggong here!" Chen Xiang suddenly transmitted to Yu Jingming, as his body was already starting to tremble, and waves of faint red mist came out.

When the Great Clan Elder saw this, he immediately shook his head towards the other elders, signalling for them not to stop Chen Xiang!

"Chen Xiang, you ... What do you want? " When Yu Jinggong saw the anger and killing intent on Chen Xiang’s face, he couldn’t help but tremble, and those people on Yu Jinggong’s side all left one after another.

"Yu Jinggong, that day, you people tricked the Master Wang into taking me away, and then captured me to get my Heavenly Alchemy Dao line and Heavenly Alchemy art. If I didn’t escape, even if I didn’t die at that time, I would have been crippled by you people! What do you think I am going to do now? " Chen Xiang said angrily, the fiery red mist coming out from his body becoming more and more dense.

"Hmph, no matter how powerful you are, you are only at the early stage of Six Gods Stage. I’m not afraid of you!" Yu Jinggong sneered: "Your Heavenly Alchemy Dao line and Heavenly Alchemy art originally did not come from the right place. Otherwise, you would not have hidden it yourself!"

"Die!" Chen Xiang’s body suddenly flashed, and a burst of flames burst out, the Heavenly Alchemy immortal power!

He looked at Yu Haorui who was beside Yu Jinggong, and his eyes shot out two balls of fire, instantly hitting Yu Haorui’s body!

The power of Heavenly Alchemy immortal power entered Yu Haorui’s body and instantly erupted, producing a strong flame that instantly turned Yu Haorui into powder!

"Rui ... "Rui’er!" Yu Jinggong was stunned, he never thought that Chen Xiang would actually dare to make a move, and his strength was beyond his imagination, to actually kill his son in an instant.

"You have to die too!" Yu Jinggong was furious, he was just about to stand up, but who knew that Yu Jingming, who was beside him, would suddenly attack.

Yu Jingming held two short swords, in a blink of an eye, he had stabbed out hundreds and thousands of times, the sword and sword had pierced through Yu Jinggong’s body, and fresh blood was flowing out!

"You ... "You ..." Yu Jinggong was not dead yet, but he was unable to unleash his full strength.

"You poisoned me and controlled me for so many years, causing me to do many evil deeds. Right now, I only want to wash away my previous crimes!" Yu Jingming said coldly.

Everyone could not help but take a breath, this Yu Jinggong was actually so venomous, to the point where he even dared to do such a thing to their own older brother. Previously, everyone could not believe that Yu Jinggong did such a thing to the Master Wang, but now, it seemed to be true!

"Whatever you asked me to do before, I will admit it!" I didn’t expect that you would actually harm Master Wang. Master Wang’s kindness towards me is as heavy as a mountain and my character is straightforward. I am a master that many people respect ... But in order to obtain Chen Xiang’s Heavenly Alchemy Dao line, you sent the Master Wang away yourself, and yet you wanted to kill it.

Yu Jingming was serious, reprimanding Yu Jinggong! Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"Yu Jingming... Your poison ... "It’s been solved..." Yu Jinggong felt pain all over his body, and then, he began to laugh maniacally with his head raised: "It’s not that easy to kill me!"

As he spoke, his body suddenly turned into a cloud of black fog, attempting to float and fly away ...

Chen Xiang whose entire body was still burning with Heavenly Alchemy immortal power, suddenly flew over, and struck the black mist with his palm, causing Yu Jinggong to scream in pain, he returned to his original form, and dropped to the ground.

"Trying to run?" Chen Xiang sneered, his palm that was burning with Fire of Heavenly Alchemy power struck towards Yu Jinggong’s chest!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The might of the Heaven Blasting Palm activated by the Heavenly Alchemy immortal power was berserk. After the force entered Yu Jinggong’s body, it strongly vibrated and fused with the Fire of Heavenly Alchemy power, burning and destroying every inch of the bones in Yu Jinggong’s body. In the blink of an eye, Yu Jinggong’s body turned into a pile of ashes.

This was the body of the Tai Zun realm, and was actually turned to dust by an early stage Six Gods Stage palm.

"Chen Xiang, please forgive me for what I have done to you in the past. I was’ forced ’to do so. Yu Jinggong used poison to control me!" Yu Jingming suddenly knelt down towards Chen Xiang and kowtowed even further.

"Quickly get up, if not for your intentional failure that day, I might have been killed by Yu Jinggong’s remnants." Chen Xiang hurriedly helped Yu Jingming up. It was also for the sake of being washed away by Yu Jingming. After all, Yu Jingming really did do many bad things under Yu Jinggong’s threat.

Following that, Yu Jingming thanked Chen Xiang profusely and requested that the Overlords of the Original Tao s take him back to the Original Tao to receive his punishment.

"I really didn’t expect so many things to happen today!" The Great Clan Elder from the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect said suddenly: "Chen Xiang, your ’flesh’ has already merged with the Heavenly Alchemy soul ... I can also release the Heavenly Alchemy immortal power, so I still have something I need to tell you. "

"Senior, please speak!" Chen Xiang said.

"Follow me!"

The Great Clan Elder brought Chen Xiang to a secret room.

"Chen Xiang, do you know of another important use of the Heavenly Alchemy immortal power?" The Great Elder said.

"What is it used for? I basically do not know anything about the Heavenly Alchemy soul. " Chen Xiang said.

"I didn’t want to tell you this, but I didn’t expect you to be so compatible with the Heavenly Alchemy soul, so I must tell you now." The Great Clan Elder said with a cold expression, "The Heavenly Alchemy immortal power can intimidate the evil beings within the Myriad Tao Mausoleum ... But at the same time, it could also attract some powerful beings from the Myriad Tao Mausoleum! So, before you have enough strength, you must not go to Myriad Tao Mausoleum! "

"Am I not strong enough yet?" Chen Xiang asked: "Isn’t it quite far from entering the Myriad Tao Mausoleum?"

"Even though you are not weak now, you are not strong enough to deal with that kind of thing. The Heavenly Alchemy immortal power is what attracts them the most. You do not have the Supreme Being’s cultivation, so if you were to encounter such a thing, it would be extremely dangerous. " The Great Elder said, "Of course. If you want to go, I won’t stop you. You should carefully consider it!"

The Great Clan Elder told Chen Xiang all of this and then left!

Chen Xiang was not afraid. The reason he was able to become invisible and use the power of space was because he was working so hard to enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. He was able to protect himself in there, so he definitely would not miss this chance to enter!

...