Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang used the fastest speed he could muster to get to the outskirts of the Dragon Devil Dead Land.

The last time he came here, the ground of the Dragon Devil Dead Land was covered in black soil and it was completely empty. In the depths of the Dragon Devil Dead Land, there were many broken gigantic mountains and huge rocks exploding everywhere.

However, now that they were here, it was a sea of people below them. Many people were digging randomly, and there were many big pits, and many huge rocks were being broken ...

"I wonder if the Heavenly Alchemy seal is powerful." Chen Xiang increased his speed and headed inside, but he did not know how to find it.

The reason the Flying Dragon Palace could find the Heavenly Alchemy artifact in such a short period of time was obviously not because they were lucky. They definitely had some way to sense the existence of the Heavenly Alchemy artifact.

Many people only dared to ’randomly’ dig outside, but they did not dare to go inside. Heavenly Alchemy artifact were found inside, and only those with the Supreme Lord’s cultivation level dared to go inside to investigate.

"Chen Xiang, what’s the situation outside? What code did the Leader s of the Original Tao have to say? " Master Wang did not know what was happening outside, he was very concerned about it and asked anxiously.

"I’m already inside the Dragon Devil Dead Land!" Chen Xiang said, his words caused Master Wang to be unable to say anything, maybe Master Wang wanted to say some dirty words, but he was unable to do so due to his self-control.

"Elder Wang, you don’t have to worry. The Leader s of the Original Tao’s Gate allow disciples to enter. Some of the overlords have already brought their disciples on their way and are waiting for the final news. Then, they will enter this place to investigate." Chen Xiang said: "Not long ago, a person from the Flying Dragon Palace obtained a Heavenly Alchemy seal from the Dragon Devil Dead Land.

The Master Wang didn’t say anything. After thinking about it carefully, he said, "Anyway, there are dangers inside the Dragon Devil Dead Land. You must be careful."

"I know!" Chen Xiang laughed: "You and I are together, if I die, I will be very irresponsible towards you."

"It’s good that you know that. I thought you forgot." Master Wang laughed bitterly: "Right, do you know which guy in Flying Dragon Palace got the Heavenly Alchemy seal?"

"I don’t know!" Chen Xiang really wanted to know who it was, but he didn’t know: "I just heard that this person rode a dragon bat in there!"

"The guy riding the dragon bat?" Master Wang shouted, "It’s actually this guy, many people don’t know him, but I do know, I know this guy!"

"What?" Do you know him? " Chen Xiang never thought that the Master Wang would actually know a Ranker in the Flying Dragon Palace.

"Yes, no one knows his name, but he has a nickname called Bat Super Venerable. His strength is unfathomable, and the dragon bat he’s raising is also a special beast among the Dragon beast. It’s extremely powerful, able to fight against one of the Grand Elder alone." Master Wang said, "Back then, because I refined a type of pill, he needed the blood of dragon bats. When I found this guy, he agreed to give me some dragon bat blood and had me prepare five billion Dao crystal for him!"

"At that time, I had prepared a Dao crystal, but this guy didn’t know his words well, so he still cheated and raised the price temporarily. He wanted me to pay seven billion Dao crystal before he was willing to give me a jar of dragon bat blood."

"And then?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"I didn’t agree later on, and then he stole my Dao crystal, and I was even beaten up by him! It was also because the Leader s of the Original Tao s had appeared afterwards that they helped me get back the five billion Dao crystal. " Master Wang sighed helplessly. "This is the most humiliating part of my past. I rarely bring it up to others and he himself didn’t even spread it!"

"Elder Wang, how much do you know about this fellow?" Chen Xiang asked.

"He is the target of the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect’s pursuit, because he once snatched away the Prime Emperor of a Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect, and his Heavenly Alchemy artifact! Initially, Flying Dragon Palace was also worried that Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect would take revenge on him, so he kicked him out of Flying Dragon Palace, but after a period of time, he returned back to Flying Dragon Palace. "

The Master Wang continued, "I heard that the Flying Dragon Palace valued the Bat Super Venerable very highly, that’s why I paid a huge price later on to make the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect let go of this enmity!"

Chen Xiang’s eyes lit up, and said: "For Bat Super Venerable to be able to find a set of Heavenly Alchemy artifact in such a short period of time, it means that he wasn’t blindly looking for it! You said earlier that he had a Heavenly Alchemy artifact, right? "

"Yes, that’s a big fork. It’s called the Heavenly Refining Divine Trident! Initially, this Bat Super Venerable arrogantly said that this weapon was most suitable for him to use, so it was his, and then he snatched it away. " Master Wang said: "This guy is just like that. I was robbed by him before, but fortunately he only simply beat me up a few times."

"It sounds like this guy is a bastard!" Chen Xiang couldn’t help but laugh. Right now, I’ll also try to see if I can detect the location of the Heavenly Alchemy artifact.

Chen Xiang’s own body was equivalent to a Heavenly Alchemy artifact. He slightly released a bit of the Heavenly Alchemy immortal power, and after a short while, a reaction occurred. Even though the distance between them was far, he could clearly feel it.

After sensing something, Chen Xiang excitedly flew over with his fastest speed!

In the depths of Dragon Devil Dead Land, there was a patch of greyness and confusion, just like before a storm.

An hour later, Chen Xiang was getting closer and closer to a Heavenly Alchemy artifact, but when he neared it, he discovered that there was a gigantic black shadow in front of him.

He took a closer look and realized that the shadow had wings. It was fat and fluttering its wings as it hovered in the air.

"Dragon Bat!" Chen Xiang was startled, he never thought that he would actually meet Flying Dragon Palace, and see that black colored bat.

It was really big, like a big house. It was pitch-black in color, and its fur was soft and fluffy. It looked like a lizard and had a pair of huge black wings.

This dragon bat was currently spitting out a black coloured flame towards a small mountain below.

When Chen Xiang got closer, he also tried his best to conceal himself. Dragon bats and Bat Super Venerable were both very strong, and not something he could deal with.

"What’s going on? Why did we meet this guy? " Chen Xiang observed carefully as he saw Bat Super Venerable.

The Bat Super Venerable was dressed in a black robe and sitting on the back of a Dragon Bat. He wore a funny mask on his face and his appearance could not be seen.

"Who’s sneaking around?" Bat Super Venerable suddenly spoke. It sounded like a child’s voice.

"Don’t think that I don’t know that you are nearby. I can sense you. If you don’t come out now, don’t blame me for being ruthless." Bat Super Venerable shouted using the child’s voice again.

Chen Xiang did not dare to appear. Bat Super Venerable was so powerful, if he appeared, he might be killed immediately, even though the other party’s voice sounded like a child’s.

... Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

... 2hh + 25142947-- >