Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang waited outside the cave. Although the Leader s outside were in closed-door training, they did not come out for a long time. Every once in a while, he would come out to see if there was anything important. More recent chapter access:.

Chen Xiang’s luck was good. After waiting for only a day, Leader came out from inside, he was actually an elegant youth with a delicate face and dressed in green clothes. This was actually the first time Chen Xiang had seen a Leader.

"Disciple Chen Xiang greets Leader." Chen Xiang immediately bowed.

"Chen Xiang?" After the Leader heard this, he smiled and asked, "What business do you have with me?"

It was obvious that the Leader knew about Chen Xiang’s situation.

"It’s about that Dragon Devil Dead Land. I just came back from there! I understand you said there wouldn’t be any danger in it. But I met something strange in there. " Chen Xiang hurriedly told the Primordial Leader about him encountering a Dragon Demon.

When the Primordial Leader was listening, his face was solemn. After hearing it, he asked, "Why is it like this? The six Divine Sects told me that there weren’t any big dangers inside ... But from what you said, there is danger. "

"I’ll go ask the people from the six Divine Sects s. Wait for me here, I’ll be back soon." The Leader returned to his cave in the mountain.

Chen Xiang guessed that there must be something to contact the six Divine Sects s, such as a communication array.

Not long after, the Leader came out. He frowned and said, "Something bad has happened! This time, we are going to be hurt badly by the six Divine Sects s, so we have to hurry to the Dragon Devil Dead Land and call back all of our Supreme Elders, otherwise they will be in danger. "

"Leader, what’s going on with those Dragon Demons? I clearly saw them running out, but I didn’t see a single one." Chen Xiang asked, both he and the Bat Super Venerable were extremely confused by this.

"The current Dragon Demon has evolved ... This was something that the six Divine Sects s had just discovered not long ago. After these Dragon Demons came out, they all transformed into human forms and hid themselves, and maybe they would come out once in awhile, and when the time was right, they would gather together to commit evil. "

Chen Xiang had previously seen those Dragon Demons before, and those Dragon Demons that looked extremely ferocious were actually able to turn into humans. With so many Dragon Demons hidden in the human world, just thinking about them made her feel terrified.

"Then how do we know who the demons are?" Chen Xiang asked, he had never seen the Dragon Demon before using the Dao heart Eye, so he did not know the characteristics of the Dragon Demon.

"This is what we are most worried about right now. The Dragon Demons have the same ability as the Evil Soul ... Evil Soul, you should be aware of this! " The Leader said.

If the Evil Soul was able to take over the human body and soul, then Chen Xiang’s two friends would be in trouble. He had even killed the Evil Soul before, so he naturally knew of the Evil Soul’s tricks.

"Understood, does that mean we can only use the justice Law beads to distinguish?" Chen Xiang said as he took out a justice Law beads.

"That’s right, the most important thing right now is to go to the Dragon Devil Dead Land and gather all our people. Dragon demons are much more terrifying than Evil Soul. Dragon demons can live in a human’s body, so the original body of the Dragon Demon is still retained. "

The Leader took out a large bell and tossed it into the air. As the large bell shook, waves of golden light flashed and it made a "dang dang dang" sound.

"The body of a Dragon can be stored in a human body? This ... This is too scary! " Chen Xiang’s heart was full of goosebumps whenever he thought about it.

"That’s right. If the human body is damaged during battle, they will use their own body! If they were to be stored in the human body, it would be equivalent to having a layer of meat shield around them. "

After the threw out the big bell, many people started to come over, they were all from the Six Gods Stage and the Supreme Emperor.

Chen Xiang saw Yu Jingming and made a mistake. He was punished to ponder over the matter for more than a thousand years, but when there was an emergency, he could come out. For example, the current bell sound must have been released because of an extremely urgent situation.

The Primordial Leader had everyone head towards the vicinity of the Dragon Devil Dead Land to spread the news, informing our clan’s disciples to return quickly, and also bring the righteous Law beads with them.

Chen Xiang did not go. He had more important things to do, which was to raise his strength.

The Bat Super Venerable was strong enough, at the latter stage of the Supreme Realm, but he was still scared and ran away inside the Dragon Devil Dead Land. His little strength was not even worth mentioning in the Dragon Devil Dead Land.

"I wonder if they will still be going to the Myriad Tao Mausoleum ... Could it be that every time the Myriad Tao Mausoleum opened, there were always this many things? " Chen Xiang returned to his living quarters. Right now, he did not go to Super Origin Dan Hall as there were too many things about that place.

However, it would be much better in the Original Tao Sect. At least, when many disciples saw that he was a Six Gods Stage, they would all be respectful to him.

The matter of the Dragon Devil Dead Land suddenly appearing when the Myriad Tao Mausoleum was about to open made Chen Xiang feel extremely helpless. He anxiously wanted to enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum to take a look, but he did not dare go forward because of his own words, and he was also unfamiliar with it. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

But if everyone were to go together, they would definitely want to settle the matters of the Dragon Devil Dead Land, because those that went there were all experts. If they were to leave, the Dragon Demons in the Dragon Devil Dead Land would definitely cause a ruckus.

"Could it be that the reason the Dragon Demon hid was to wait for this opportunity? The brains of these Dragon Demons are pretty good, they actually know how to scheme. " Chen Xiang took out the Compendium of Medicinal Materials written by the Master Wang. He wanted to familiarize himself with the majority of the ingredients here and refine a pill that would be useful in raising the strength of the Six Gods Stage.

Chen Xiang read it for three days and memorized it all.

Although there were quite a few medicinal ingredients in the Master Wang, none of these ingredients were helpful for the advancement of the Six Gods Stage. This made Chen Xiang feel somewhat depressed.

"The last time you participated in the Heavenly Refining Conference, you should know where there were the most medicinal ingredients." The Master Wang laughed.

"Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect should have a lot of rare medicinal ingredients ... But is it easy to get it? " Chen Xiang shook his head: "What’s more, we don’t even know where Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect is."

"Didn’t that bat spirit ask you to help him transfer a Heavenly Alchemy artifact to the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect? As long as you can find the people from the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect, it should be easy for you to do so. It would be best if you go to that village and search for them. Master Wang was quite clear about this kind of thing.

"Alright, I’ll go take a look now." Chen Xiang immediately set off, heading to the small village where the Heavenly Refining Auction was held.

He did not need to worry about the Dragon Devil Dead Land, he only needed to pay attention to identifying the Dragon Demons. The matters of the Dragon Devil Dead Land will be dealt with by the Four Great Divine Sects, his strength is so weak, it will not help him at all.

After arriving at the small village, Chen Xiang saw that most of the people here were ordinary people, unlike the last time, when there were many strong warriors.

...

...