Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang wandered around the little village for a long time, before suddenly realizing that his righteous Law beads s had lit up! This meant that there were either Dragon Demons or Evil Soul s in this area. He immediately became vigilant, and then used the Dao heart Eye to observe his surroundings. The updates were quick.

He wanted to try and see if he could see through the Dragon Demon with his Dao heart Eye, but he didn’t expect that after trying for a bit, he was able to see through it immediately!

Under the observation of the Dao heart Eye, the surface of the people walking around the village was enveloped by a layer of white mist, and although the Dragon Demon’s outer appearance was also a layer of white mist, there was a ball of red light inside. Chen Xiang could easily see it with his Dao heart Eye.

The person the Dragon Demons were attaching themselves to was an old man, so Chen Xiang did not make any moves, he only followed this old man, and waited for a place with no people before making his move.

He planned to search through the memories of the dragon and find out what plans the dragon had.

However, while he was following the Dragon Demon, he suddenly discovered that there were quite a few people following the Dragon Demon. These people were all middle-aged, and had pure auras of fire on their bodies.

"Are these guys the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect’s men?" Chen Xiang had met many people from the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect before, and all of them had this kind of aura.

"Looks like this is the case for Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect. I’ll follow them now and let them do it ..." When the time comes, I’ll ask them if they can help me contact the higher ups of Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect. " After Chen Xiang made up his mind, he had no plans to attack again.

The Great Clan Elder of the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect gave Chen Xiang a good impression, so Chen Xiang thought that the people of the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect should still be pretty good. Although that Kunyun had a rather extreme idea, he still couldn’t represent a Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect.

Inside the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect, the Great Clan Elder and the other old men were all relatively reliable when it came to seeing if the higher ups were reliable.

Chen Xiang very carefully followed the Dragon Demon, but those few middle-aged Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect s did not notice Chen Xiang, so they could not make their move inside the village. Thus, they could only wait for the Dragon Demon to leave the village, or go to a place without people.

"I wonder how many of these things are inside!" Chen Xiang used the Dao heart Eye to observe his surroundings, but he only saw one Dragon Demon.

"This Dragon Demon shouldn’t be too strong. If it’s a powerful Dragon Demon, it would invade the body of an even stronger human, but right now, this Dragon Demon is only an old man with a Late period of Three profound realm." Chen Xiang thought so, and all the Evil Soul were the same.

At night, the Dragon Demon finally returned to his residence, it was a remote manor. Chen Xiang was currently floating in the air, watching the extremely vigilant Dragon Demon.

Just as the Dragon Demon entered the courtyard, the five middle aged men from Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect suddenly flew out. At the same time, a huge golden net descended, enveloping the old man.

Then, he quickly withdrew the net and captured the Dragon Demon alive!

"They actually caught the Dragon and Demon alive? What are they trying to do?" Chen Xiang was very suspicious about this, and now he felt that he had appeared as well.

After the few middle-aged men withdrew their nets, Chen Xiang immediately appeared behind them. Sensing that something was wrong, they all took out their weapons one after another.

"Greetings, big brothers!" Chen Xiang immediately bowed: "This one is Chen Xiang, I noticed him on the streets today, and followed him all the way here. I didn’t expect the other big brothers to also be like me."

Of course they had heard of Chen Xiang before. They had just obtained the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect’s Heavenly Alchemy soul, it would be difficult even if they hadn’t.

"How did you find this guy?" A middle-aged man asked.

"Pass this!" Chen Xiang took out a piece of righteous Law beads. "I will bring this with me ... Is this fellow a Dragon King or a Evil Soul? "

"You know about the Demonic Dragon?" The middle-aged man was somewhat surprised, because they had only just found out about this sort of thing.

"It was my Original Tao s who told me!" Chen Xiang laughed: "I wonder why my brothers want to capture this Dragon Demon alive?"

"These are the orders from the higher-ups, this is the tenth one we’ve caught." A middle-aged man sighed, "These Dragon Demons are very cunning. Moreover, there are a lot of them hiding in the crowd right now. I don’t know what to do."

"Are you guys from the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Yes sir!" The middle-aged man nodded.

"I have something important to see your Great Elder. Can you help me tell him?" Chen Xiang said again.

"No problem!" The middle-aged man knew that Chen Xiang’s identity was special and immediately agreed. Since he was only passing the information to the Great Clan Elder, the Great Clan Elder seeing him or not had nothing to do with him.

Then, Chen Xiang said that if the Great Clan Elder of Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect was willing to come, they would meet there. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

... ....

Chen Xiang waited there for three days before finally seeing the Great Elder of the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect.

"I wanted to come earlier, but there’s nothing I can do. I have been through too many things in this period of time ... are all related to the existence of Dragon Devil Dead Land s. " The Great Clan Elder of the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect saw Chen Xiang and smiled apologetically. His impression of Chen Xiang was also very good.

"Do you have something important to talk to me about?" The Great Elder asked.

Chen Xiang took out the Heavenly Refining Divine Fan and handed it over to the Great Clan Elder.

Of course the Great Clan Elder recognized this fan. When he saw it, he could not help but be startled, "You obtained this fan from the Dragon Devil Dead Land?"

As the Great Clan Elder of the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect, he was very clear who owned the fan, so he immediately thought of the fan that could only be found in the Dragon Devil Dead Land, and now that Chen Xiang wanted to give it to him, he was very surprised.

"I found it inside the Dragon Devil Dead Land, but it wasn’t me who found it. It was the Bat Super Venerable ... He wants me to give this thing to your Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect as compensation! "

Chen Xiang laughed helplessly: "He said that he wants the Heavenly Refining Divine Trident, and since it is very suitable for him to use, he will not return it."

The Great Clan Elder laughed, "It is already not bad that this kid has such intentions ... The Bat Super Venerable has a rather good personality, but it’s just that there’s a bit of a problem with his character. If he can be guided properly, he’ll still be a pretty good guy.

The Great Clan Elder kept the fan away. He was already more familiar with the Bat Super Venerable, and the latter’s strength was very strong as well. Just this point made him not dare to underestimate him.

"Grand Elder, I hope you can agree to another matter." Chen Xiang said: "I will definitely repay you."

"What is it?" The Great Clan Elder knew that the relationship between Chen Xiang and Bat Super Venerable was not bad. Otherwise, Bat Super Venerable would not have allowed him to transfer the Heavenly Alchemy artifact.

"Can I stay in Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect for a while? "I need some ingredients to concoct pills. It’s not easy to find them outside." Chen Xiang said.

"No problem, the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect has many disciples who can refine pills, at that time you can also ’interact’ with them!" Of course, the medicinal ingredients that you need, can only be bought with Dao crystal s. " The Great Clan Elder immediately agreed. He felt that inviting Chen Xiang into the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect was a good thing.

"Oh right, Great Elder, why did you capture the Dragon Demons alive?" Chen Xiang asked again, this was a question that he was more curious about.

...

...