Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"This is the most dangerous place within the thousand floors of Flying Dragon Pagoda. If you enter without even a bit of strength, you will most likely die! If we can pass this trial and reach the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect, after a round of observation, we can become the disciples of the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect. "Access:." The Great Elder said.

Not long after, Chen Xiang saw a large green area in front of him, within it was a beautiful lake, the surroundings of the lake was green, and some flowers were floating within the lake.

Many wooden buildings were constructed on the oasis, all of which were not very tall, but rather simple and looked very peaceful.

"This is a really good place!" Chen Xiang could not help but exclaim.

"Our Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect is the lowest-profile within the Four Great Divine Sects, and the other three great Divine Sects are all extremely luxurious. If you have the chance in the future, you can go take a look." The Great Clan Elder said, "You are from the Original Tao, and with your ability, becoming a disciple of the six Divine Sects s is not a difficult matter. Even my Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect wants to accept you as a disciple."

Chen Xiang and the Great Clan Elder were heading to Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect together, so it was extremely safe and they did not encounter anything along the way.

The Grand Elder’s Frisbee flew to the top of the oasis and landed on the small island in the middle of the oasis’s large lake. There was only one house on this small island.

"This is my residence!" The Great Elder said, "You’re my guest now. You can stay here from now on. Choose a better room to be satisfied with!"

"I don’t care. It’s so quiet here." Chen Xiang was very satisfied.

"Great Clan Elder, we need to buy the herbs here. I do not have that many Dao crystal s, do you have a place to earn them?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course, all of the pills here can be freely traded! If you want to earn Dao crystal here, don’t keep a low profile anymore, you do not need to hide your strength here. Although there are some disciples in Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect who are easily jealous, they do not dare to come recklessly. The Great Elder laughed. "I know that you still have some powerful methods up your sleeves."

"Great Clan Elder... Could it really be like this? I’m worried that it will have a huge impact on the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect later on. " Chen Xiang said: "Because if I want to earn Dao crystal, I would mainly sell it myself. I am worried that I would rob the business of your Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect disciples!"

"This is a good thing!" The disciples of the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect were far too unambitious. They were content with the current situation and if they did not give them some pressure, they would think themselves to be high and mighty ... Especially those disciples who don’t know how to refine pills. They always look down on those who don’t know how to refine pills, so when they sell the pills, the price they offered was very good. "

"Over time, this group of alchemy disciples will form an alliance. With the high price of the pills, they will be able to squeeze out the Dao crystal of the other disciples ... Of course, although we have controlled them before, these brats have joined hands to resist us. They refused to refine pills for a few months to protest, and in the end they had no choice but to do so. "

Speaking of these things, the Head Elder was helpless, "If you can lower the price of the pill, I will thank you very much. When the time comes, those fellows will not be able to say anything!"

"Then I won’t be polite!" Chen Xiang laughed: "The disciples of Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect should all be very rich, I can very quickly fish up a large number of Dao crystal."

"Isn’t your purpose here to buy rare medicinal ingredients?" You should have a method to hasten the growth of the medicine right? Generally speaking, you do not need to buy too much, but there are benefits to getting more Dao crystal. You will need more Dao crystal to enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum! " The Great Elder said.

"Is this true? "Don’t lie to me!" Chen Xiang already knew that the Great Clan Elder wanted him to fight against the group of disciples, maybe he could think of a reason to stay for a little longer.

"It’s absolutely true. If you don’t believe me, you can go and ask the other people that have entered the Myriad Tao Mausoleum! Sometimes, when encountering a formation that needs to be activated, a large number of Dao crystal s or mechanisms that require Dao crystal s to resolve. " The Great Clan Elder laughed: "Some people simply do not have enough Dao crystal with them, and thus miss the chance to obtain treasures. At the very least, you will have to have several tens of billions of Dao crystal on you before you can take anything you see. "

"Sounds pretty fun! I really want to quickly enter Myriad Tao Mausoleum to take a look. " Chen Xiang was just joking, there were dangers inside the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, and now the Natural Law Divine Lord was trapped inside.

"Then you better stay here. I will tell the others that you are my guest! I have to find the other elders and the Leader to discuss about the Dragon Devil Dead Land. " Mentioning the Dragon Devil Dead Land, the Great Clan Elder’s mood immediately grew heavy.

Chen Xiang nodded, then watched as the Great Clan Elder left. He took out a map that the Great Clan Elder gave him, and on it, introduced the layout of the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect on this green area.

"Right now, I should go to the Heavenly Alchemy Alchemy Street and take a look. Those people over there are all selling medicinal pills." Chen Xiang immediately flew up towards that street. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The reason why there were so many rare medicinal ingredients in the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect was because the elders of many disciples were able to enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum and obtain many strange and strange medicinal ingredients from it before growing many more.

When Chen Xiang arrived at the Medicine Street, the shops there released a rich fragrance of flowers and herbs. Medicinal materials were expensive here too, but they were not as outrageous as the pills.

Chen Xiang came to a shop, and after he went in to ask around, the ingredients used were indeed relatively cheap, but the ingredients here had gone through a special process, making it impossible for them to grow seeds. Many ingredients used in this way were used, it was to avoid buying their own ingredients.

"These guys are really cunning. This way, even with the World God’s Spring, I won’t be able to grow them in large quantities. I can only duplicate them through the purple pearl, but the purple pearl needs a lot of them, especially the Supreme God Potion."

When Chen Xiang came, he did not think of this!

All of the medicinal ingredients possessed by the people who sold them were unique, passed down from their ancestors. In order to rely on the unique medicinal ingredients to earn Dao crystal s, they would use special methods to process the medicinal ingredients, not affecting the quality of the medicinal ingredients. At the same time, they would make it impossible for these medicinal ingredients to grow and reproduce.

This way, the medicinal herbs sold in the stores only repeated those that were common to them. Each store had their own special medicinal herbs, and the more expensive the ingredients, the more expensive they were.

"The price of medicinal ingredients has also caused the price of the pill to rise." Chen Xiang shopped in more than ten shops, and those medicinal materials that were unique to him were all very expensive.

In this way, the Taizun Dan that was refined using this kind of medicinal material was extremely valuable. One could only imagine, it would cost at least five thousand Myriad Tao Crystals each!

Only after Chen Xiang visited the pill shop, did he realize how naive he was. Here, the cheapest Taizun Dan was still worth a hundred million pills!

Of course, the price of Natural Law Dan s was much better, with tens of thousands of Myriad Tao Crystals like this, it was still acceptable! And there were even good Natural Law Dan s with tens of millions on them.

For example, the Converse Profound God Pellet that Kunyun refined last time was already beginning to sell. Five thousand Myriad Tao Crystals for one pellet, that was simply snatching.

There were many disciples in the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect and this place was similar to a city, so many people did not know about the presence of Chen Xiang.

"The last time I refined the Six Shenprofound Dan’s medicine, there were still some, and they were not processed at all, haha ... ..." This kind of pill can definitely be sold. "

Chen Xiang was secretly rejoicing in his heart. The Six Shenprofound Dan s’ medicine were in the hands of the Great Clan Elder, but the Great Clan Elder did not sell these pills to him. Instead, he regularly rewarded some outstanding Late period of Three profound realm disciples.