Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang spent more than half a day to carry out various kinds of investigations. He wanted to know what kind of ingredients and pills were the most expensive. More recent chapter access: * ww.

For pills, healing and raising one’s cultivation was the most common, as well as the one that had to be used the most often. The demand was the greatest, so the price was relatively high!

There were many types of ways to increase strength, such as making the ’Profound Door’ open wider, making the ’Dao God’ stronger, allowing the Three profound Divine Junctures to open faster, making the Six yuan god stronger, and so on!

For example, there were more than ten types of pills that could help Three profound realm step into the Six Gods Stage. However, these pills would usually need to be consumed in large amounts in order for the effects to be obvious, and not necessarily allow a person to step into the Six Gods Stage.

Just like the Six-gods Guiyuan Dan that Chen Xiang had eaten before.

Although this pill only had a very slight effect, its price was still very high. Many people could only take this pill when they had no hope of breaking through. It was better than not being able to break through and die.

"When my medicinal ingredients mature, it will be time for me to show off my skills here."

After walking for a day, Chen Xiang returned to the old house in the middle of the lake to rest. At this time, the Great Clan Elder also returned.

"How was it, did you play well in Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect?" The Great Elder smiled.

"Not bad, it’s quite lively. There are indeed a lot of pills here and many of them are unique. It has really broadened my horizons." Chen Xiang said, "For a Alchemist like you, the environment here is very good."

"Inside the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect, there are disciples who possess Heavenly Alchemy Dao line. Although there are, they are not as outstanding as you, so I believe that even if you do not have the Heavenly Alchemy Dao line, your pill refining ability is still far superior to many disciples of our Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect." The Great Elder said.

"Great Clan Elder, do all of the disciples here understand Heavenly Alchemy?" Chen Xiang asked: "Complete?"

"The disciples of the Four Great Divine Sects all possess a complete set of four great divine arts ... But everyone’s comprehension of the Four Great Sacred Techniques is different. " The Great Elder said, "Different people will display different results after cultivating."

"For example, Heavenly Alchemy, some are used to refine pills, some are used to refine artifacts, some are used to set up arrays, and some are used for battles. These are all used in different directions!"

"Every disciple has a complete Heavenly Alchemy!" Chen Xiang did not expect this. "I thought a complete Heavenly Alchemy had already been lost in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum."

"If you want to be more accurate, this argument is indeed reasonable." The Great Clan Elder’s words puzzled Chen Xiang.

"We have Heavenly Alchemy and Heavenly Alchemy art! And the other one is lost. " The Great Elder said. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"I even lost one of them!" Inside the Myriad Tao Mausoleum? What’s the third part? " Chen Xiang was immediately very curious, because he mainly trained in Heavenly Alchemy.

"Legend has it that the third part is inside the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. I don’t know what it is, but that was what the Heavenly Alchemy Venerable Ancestor said back then. He had seen the third part before, it was carved on a wall inside the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. The Great Elder sighed, "What a pity!"

"How can this be? If it is carved onto the wall, with his ability, he can remember everything with just a glance and then pass it back to you guys so that you can comprehend it! " Chen Xiang said: "This way, it won’t be lost!"

"Things are not as simple as you think! Heavenly Alchemy Venerable Ancestor once said that the wall only has one word, "Heavenly Refining". But after he had comprehended these two words, these two words were extremely vague, and he did not see it, as he said that he had to use the Heavenly Alchemy in order to see it clearly. Yet, he had used ten thousand years to comprehend those two words. "

The Great Clan Elder looked at Chen Xiang, "Do you understand now? So even if we see that wall, we won’t get anything out of it. "

This made Chen Xiang extremely curious, he wished he could immediately look at the wall!

"You should be making your move tomorrow, right?" The Great Clan Elder laughed: "Let us, the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect’s disciples, see how strong the Heavenly Alchemy you have mastered is! You learned the Heavenly Alchemy by yourself, cultivated the Heavenly Alchemy Dao line, obtained the Flying Dragon Palace to steal our Heavenly Alchemy art, and can grow so strong. Not only me, but many of the old fellows in our Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect are very interested in you! "

Although the disciples of the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect all had Heavenly Alchemy s, they had all more or less been guided by someone. On the other hand, Chen Xiang had only climbed over the river using his own hands, which was why the Great Clan Elder was extremely interested in him.

"Yes, there will be an operation tomorrow. I plan to sell the Six Shenprofound Dan that we created." Chen Xiang said: "There shouldn’t be any problems with that right?!"

"This is a good thing. This will allow the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect to have a new batch of disciples very soon." Right now, there were more and more Dragon Demons in the Dragon Devil Dead Land. He also hoped that his own disciples could quickly level up.

Chen Xiang said: "It’s such a pity, there are many unique medicinal ingredients here that have been treated and unable to cultivate!"

The Great Clan Elder laughed: "The ingredients sold are all like that, but you have enough Dao crystal s, you can go look for them to buy the seeds, as long as you promise them not to sell the ingredients, they will agree to sell them to you, but it will require a lot of Dao crystal s, which are usually ten times, dozens, or even a hundred times the price of the ingredients!"

There were hundreds of millions of these special medicines. If he wanted to buy seeds, wouldn’t he need billions of billions of dollars to buy a single one?

This was indeed very expensive, but Chen Xiang didn’t have many Dao crystal, and he had to prepare to enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, which required a lot of Dao crystal.

Chen Xiang still did not make any movements on the second day. He planned to wait until there were more ingredients before starting to refine Six Shenprofound Dan s and selling them in batches.

He continued to stroll on the street. As he walked, he suddenly saw a man riding a handsome white lion. This man was also quite handsome.

"Isn’t that Zhao Kunxin?" Chen Xiang immediately turned his head. He had beaten this Zhao Kunxin before and had even ruthlessly trampled on his pride. He was worried that there would be a conflict, so he did not plan to meet Zhao Kunxin.

Zhao Kunxin was currently conversing happily with his friends. Riding on a handsome white lion, he headed towards the hotel on the street, which was a place many noble people frequented, so it was normal for them to meet rich people like Zhao Kunxin on the street.

"I heard this Zhao Kunxin just got a Dragon magic herb. This Dragon magic herb can be used to refine Dragon Magic Dan." A person whispered after seeing Zhao Kunxin leaving far away.

"Dragon Magic Dan? What is this for? " Curious, Chen Xiang asked. [Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]