Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The Great Clan Elder was very curious as to why Chen Xiang wanted the Dragon magic poison.

"You want to poison someone else?" The headmaster then asked, "Even if you poison it, it won’t immediately flare up. It will only flare up after a period of time. This usually depends on how poisoned the person is and how their physique is."

"I want to try. My resistance to this poison is impenetrable." Chen Xiang laughed: "Great Clan Elder, you definitely have it, quickly let me try!" Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Then, he took out a black bottle and poured a drop into Chen Xiang’s cup of tea. "This is the Dragon magic poison, I extracted it myself. Don’t worry, at most, the ones that won’t kill you with poison will only result in you being very negative for a period of time. "

Chen Xiang picked up the cup of tea and drank it. After that, he focused on feeling the Dragon magic poison, but he could not sense anything. This made him even more baffled.

"Alright, you should go back to your room to rest. I think you’ll have a fit soon." The Great Elder couldn’t help but smile, "After you experienced it, you knew how powerful this poison is. I also tried it back then."

Chen Xiang nodded, then returned to his room and waited for the poison to strike.

He suddenly felt that he was very funny, actually doing such a stupid thing.

The next morning, Chen Xiang laid on the bed, feeling weak all over, his mind was in a mess and he was yawning non-stop.

"Am I really poisoned?" Shen, Shen and Xiao said that Xiao Xiang had just gotten out of bed not long ago. He then laid back on the bed, not wanting to get up. He was very tired.

"No, I must resist this poison!" Chen Xiang had already experienced the poison’s power, so even if he fused with the Heavenly Alchemy soul, he would not be able to escape.

He struggled to get up from the bed and staggered into the courtyard. He looked listless, as if he had not slept for many days.

"Not bad, you can actually get up." The Great Clan Elder was surprised and laughed, "I had thought that you would need to sleep for a few days! At the very least, I took that drop of poison, so I wouldn’t be able to get up by the next morning.

Chen Xiang sat down heavily on his butt, yawned, and said lazily: "This poison is indeed powerful ... Is it really only the Dragon Magic Dan that can be unraveled? "

"There’s only the Dragon Magic Dan, the Zhao Clan is rich now." The Great Clan Elder said, "After Zhao Kunxin was taught a lesson by you the last time, he became much more obedient.

"No, I can’t take it anymore. I’m very tired!" After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he fell asleep on the table.

When he woke up, five days had already passed!

"Motherf * cker, what a powerful poison. I haven’t experienced the feeling of being poisoned for a long time!" The Dragon magic poison in Chen Xiang’s body had already been eliminated, and he once again recovered his fierce and energetic state.

Chen Xiang had been lying on this table for five days already. When the Great Clan Elder saw him wake up, he smiled and said, "This is the Dragon Magic Dan I just bought.

"Of course. Right, how much is this Dragon Magic Dan? " Chen Xiang asked.

"Five thousand Myriad Tao Crystals for one pellet. This time, this Zhao Clan has some conscience!" The Great Clan Elder passed the pellet to Chen Xiang: "This is my gift to you!"

Five thousand Myriad Tao Crystals is still a conscience! This made Chen Xiang secretly despise him in his heart.

"I’ll try!" Chen Xiang drank another drop of Dragon magic poison.

He waited until the morning of the second day and started feeling sleepy again. He immediately ate that piece of Dragon Magic Dan.

"The Dragon Magic Dan is really good!" Chen Xiang walked out of the house, and in order to test for this poison, he also wasted several days of time.

"That’s true. Right now, this kind of pill is also very popular. Furthermore, eating one would be able to resist the Dragon magic poison for a month." The Great Clan Elder said, "If you go and buy them now, you will definitely not be able to buy Dragon Magic Dan. Not only our Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect needs them, all the other Divine Sects’s people will also come and buy them."

"Great Clan Elder, are Zhao Clan and the rest selling the Dragon magic herb?" Chen Xiang himself also wanted to save up some Dragon Magic Dan s, if he wanted to refine it himself, he would be able to refine more out of it.

"Of course I’m selling it. A Dragon magic herb’s one hundred million, this is the supreme divine medicine." The Great Elder said.

"A hundred million Dao crystal, why is it so expensive? Dragon Magic Dan s only have five thousand Myriad Tao Crystals each! " Chen Xiang shouted in shock.

"One Dragon magic herb is able to refine two or three, so the price is this. If you think that you can steadily refine three Dragon Magic Dan with one Dragon magic herb, you can directly buy three." The Great Clan Elder said: "But to use Dragon magic herb s to stabilize and produce three pellets, it is not easy, the Dragon magic herb itself is extremely special, I can only guarantee that it can produce two pellets, and most Alchemist s can only produce one pellet."

Chen Xiang decided to try refining the Dragon Magic Dan. He left the small island and went to Zhao Clan’s shop. He spent five hundred million Dao crystal and bought five of them.

"Chen Xiang?" Just as Chen Xiang left the store in Zhao Clan, he saw Zhao Kunxin.

Zhao Kunxin rode on his beautiful white lion, and he was also surprised to see Chen Xiang, although he already knew that Chen Xiang came to Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect at the invitation of the Great Clan Elder, he did not expect him to appear in their family’s shop.

"Hello, Young Master Zhao!" Chen Xiang politely smiled at Zhao Kunxin.

Everyone here had heard of Chen Xiang’s name, but they had never seen him before. Now that they knew who he was, many of them came over to take a look.

After all, Chen Xiang was someone of the Heavenly Alchemy soul, and he had even defeated Zhao Kunxin ruthlessly. Now, they had actually met Zhao Kunxin in Zhao Kunxin’s shop.

"Hello, I didn’t expect to see you again, in Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect! "What kind of medicinal herbs did you buy?" Zhao Kunxin smiled at Chen Xiang, it seemed that he did not hate Chen Xiang.

"Dragon magic herb!" Chen Xiang would not hide it, Zhao Kunxin would find out sooner or later anyway.

"Do you want to refine your own Dragon Magic Dan? This is a Taizun Dan, you are only at the early stage of Six Gods Stage now, so it will be quite difficult for you. On the surface, Zhao Kunxin did not reveal any expression of hatred towards Chen Xiang, but everyone could see that this Zhao Kunxin really hated him.

"Young Master Zhao doesn’t need to worry about that!" Chen Xiang also didn’t want to have any conflicts with Zhao Kunxin, so he hurriedly left the shop.

"Chen Xiang, do you still have more Six Shenprofound Dan? I want to buy it, the price is easy to negotiate with you! " An old man suddenly shouted when he saw Chen Xiang walking out.

This old man was from the Late period of Three profound realm, his face had many wrinkles, if he did not break through, he would die of old age.

"Yes, one hundred million Dao crystal!" Chen Xiang said.

"One hundred million Dao crystal pills? "Don’t tease me, you’re too much of a bully." The old man said angrily.

Chen Xiang was suspicious, and said: "How did I bully you?"

"100 million Dao crystal is so cheap, you must be lying!" The old man continued.

"Exactly!"

Young lad, don’t think that just because you concoct pills that you are strong that you do not respect the elderly. You are in the wrong.

Zhao Kunxin began to laugh coldly, "Chen Xiang, even though you are the guest invited by the Great Clan Elder, it is not right for you to look down on people this much!"

"Old sir, you have misunderstood, I really want to sell one hundred million Dao crystal s for one pill!" As Chen Xiang said this, he took out a piece of Six Shenprofound Dan and gave it to me. "This is the Six Shenprofound Dan, you can eat it first and then give it to me."

The old man was stunned for a moment, and then received it: "Is this really a Six Shenprofound Dan?"

Only he was sure, that it was the Six Shenprofound Dan, and Chen Xiang was actually selling it for a hundred million each. This made him extremely pained, if it was sold to him, he was sure that he would kill the other party for a few billion or so.