Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Six Shenprofound Dan’s reputation was great, partly because this pill had defeated Zhao Kunxin, and partly because many Late period of Three profound realm s regarded this pill as very sacred.

To many people who were stuck in Late period of Three profound realm, no matter how expensive they were, they would think of ways to earn Dao crystal s to buy them. Because to this group of people, if they did not break through, they were as good as dead!

Therefore, Chen Xiang selling them at one hundred million Dao crystal for one pellet made many feel that it was impossible, it was simply too cheap!

"Is this really a Six Shenprofound Dan?" When the old man received the pill, he still didn’t dare to believe it.

"You’ll know when you eat it." Chen Xiang laughed: "If I can’t let you break through, I don’t want your Dao crystal!"

"Alright!" The old man suddenly became excited, and after consuming the pill, he immediately felt the strong force of the pill entering his Divine Sense Sea, entering the Spirit of the Dao gods.

Sensing the medicinal power, the old man was so excited that his entire body was trembling. He immediately gave Chen Xiang a Storage bag and said: "There are two hundred million of them, your pill is real, thank you very much!"

With that, the old man left in a hurry. He wanted to find a quiet place to cultivate and break through.

After Chen Xiang received the two hundred million Dao crystal, he was secretly overjoyed. He never thought that the disciples of the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect would become so rich.

Zhao Kunxin saw Chen Xiang doing a business at the entrance of his shop. The novel ybdu. He didn’t feel good about it at all. What he felt most was jealousy and an inexplicable sense of anger!

"Chen Xiang, how many Six Shenprofound Dan do you have? I want them all! " Zhao Kunxin suddenly said, because he had already seen many people getting restless, wanting to buy the Six Shenprofound Dan from Chen Xiang.

Only Chen Xiang and the Great Clan Elder had the Six Shenprofound Dan’s medicinal ingredients, and back then, Chen Xiang had taken a lot of them from the jade vat. Zhao Kunxin also knew, so he determined that the Six Shenprofound Dan in Chen Xiang’s hands were all made from those medicinal ingredients, which meant, that the Six Shenprofound Dan in Chen Xiang’s hands did not have much, if he could buy them and sell them, then he would definitely be able to earn a lot by that time.

Chen Xiang could already guess Zhao Kunxin’s plan with his knees.

"Great Clan Elder said that selling the Six Shenprofound Dan is beneficial to Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect, as it can let the disciples of Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect enter the Six Gods Stage even faster." Chen Xiang said.

"That’s fine. Sell the pill to me, and we’ll help you sell it. This way, you’ll be able to save a lot of trouble." Zhao Kunxin laughed, "I guarantee that you’ll be satisfied with the price I gave you!"

Everyone was cursing at Zhao Kunxin in their hearts. Everyone knew that the Zhao Clan was very evil, if not for the pressure from the Leader and the rest, the Dragon Magic Dan would definitely have made a huge profit this time, raising the price. But if they did this, they would have angered the higher ups of the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect.

Chen Xiang thought for a moment, then nodded: "Alright, if the price is satisfactory, I can let you help me sell it."

Of course, Chen Xiang was very clear that he hated at the moment, it was just that he did not reveal it, he could already feel Zhao Kunxin’s killing intent.

When he was fighting with Zhao Kunxin previously, Zhao Kunxin had tried his best to cripple him, and he had never forgotten about this.

Zhao Kunxin smiled slightly: "Come in!"

Chen Xiang followed Zhao Kunxin to the living room inside the shop, after entering, Zhao Kunxin went straight to the point, and said: "Five hundred million pills, how much do you have, how much do you want?"

"The price is good, but..." I’m worried that you won’t be able to finish it! " Chen Xiang shook his head and laughed.

"How many do you have?" Zhao Kunxin did not know how many medicinal herbs Chen Xiang had taken from the jade vat at that time. Although he did not have the precious medicinal herbs of the Six Shenprofound Dan, he knew that the medicinal herbs would not be easy to cultivate. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Three hundred pills!" Chen Xiang said: "Do you want to finish it?"

Even though Zhao Kunxin was already mentally prepared, he couldn’t help but take a deep breath. Three hundred pills, five hundred million would be a hundred and fifty billion Dao crystal s!

However, with his current abilities, he really couldn’t afford it!

He never thought that Chen Xiang would actually be able to obtain so many medicinal ingredients from the Great Clan Elder, and was able to refine three hundred Six Shenprofound Dan.

"Fine, give me some time. Wait for me here, I’ll be back soon." Zhao Kunxin felt that this was a very good opportunity. If he were to buy the only batch of Six Shenprofound Dan, he would be able to sell them twice more.

There were a lot of people from the six Divine Sects s and Chen Xiang did not know how many, but when he investigated the shops these few days, he realized that the disciples were all very rich. After all, this was a big Divine Sects and all the disciples in the Divine Sects had ways to earn a lot of Dao crystal s.

Moreover, not only were the six Divine Sects’s pellets sold internally, they were also sold externally. The disciples of the other three Divine Sects s would often come here to buy large amounts of pellets.

"150 billion should not be much to Zhao Clan, he seems to be very rich!" Chen Xiang thought to himself, if he could get his hands on this set of Dao crystal, he could buy the Seeds for the Supreme God Pellet.

Zhao Kunxin said that he would be back soon, but Chen Xiang had waited for an hour and Zhao Kunxin had not appeared yet. He could understand that a hundred and fifty billion was not a small amount and it would take some time.

"Master Wang, I’m already in Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect. The Great Clan Elder of Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect is a good person, if you reform your body quickly, I think you should seek his help." Chen Xiang said: "Maybe you can even stay in the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect!"

Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect was like a sacred place to the Master Wang.

"Can Grand Elder really make people feel at ease?" Master Wang was moved.

"I can definitely make you feel at ease. I think people are always very accurate." Chen Xiang said.

"Alright, then you can help me talk." Master Wang had already made her decision.

Of course, Chen Xiang could also help the Master Wang, but at this rate, he did not know when the Master Wang would be able to reconstruct his true body.

Zhao Kunxin came, he came by himself.

Chen Xiang had thought that Zhao Kunxin would bring a senior from their Zhao Clan, but he didn’t.

"It’s done?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Three hundred pills, right? Don’t lie to me, I’m very serious. " Although he did not manage to obtain the Heavenly Alchemy soul at the Heavenly Refining Conference, Zhao Kunxin was still a top-notch genius within the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect.

Therefore, when the matter of the Great Clan Elder favoring Chen Xiang was found out by the people of the Zhao Clan, the elders of the Zhao Clan denounced the Great Clan Elder one after another.

The Great Clan Elder did not say anything. As an elder, he wanted to maintain harmony in the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect, so he could only accept it. The power of the Zhao Clan was rather strong in the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect, so he did not want to provoke them.

"I’m serious too!" Chen Xiang took out a jade box and opened it. Inside, many Six Shenprofound Dan s shining with white light appeared, causing Zhao Kunxin to stare blankly.