Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Gold House Home Home Page | Total Clicklist | Weekly Clicklist | Monthly Clicklist | General Collection Legacy Version | Collect Golden House | Set as First Page Gold Room Chinese, Golden Book House

[ /images/hjw_10.jpg Golden Room Chinese, Golden Room /images/banner.jpg ] [ /images/hjw_15.jpg First Page

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents] /images/hjw_20.jpg ]

The article’s query: Popular keywords: "The Great King of the Daolords is sparing your life in the myth of the era of flying swords". Light blue ocean bright yellow handsome green light elegant red powder aristocratic family white world gray world gold house Chinese

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]

Author’s: Fantasy | Oriental fantasy | Upgrade | Cultivation | Hot blood | Shuang Shuang | Beauty | Queen Palace | Martial God | Elegant | Ambiguous | Pills | Silent Rogue | Arrogant Pill God | More Please remember the name of this site: Golden House Pride World Pill God 2837

"Do you want it?" Chen Xiang laughed: "I don’t want to go."

"Is it, is it the real Six Shenprofound Dan?" the middle-aged man hurriedly asked.

"Of course it’s true! You are also a disciple of the Heavenly Refining Divine Sects, so even if you don’t know how to refine pills, you can still recognise pills right? " Chen Xiang took out a Six Shenprofound Dan.

"It should be true. This pill energy can let my Three profound God s clearly sense it." The middle-aged man quickly took out a hundred million Dao crystal and bought it.

After he ate it on the spot and felt the strong medicinal strength, he immediately dashed out and looked for a place to refine it.

Chen Xiang walked while selling them, and very quickly, he sold more than a hundred, the news spread like wildfire, and many people who came to the Heavenly Refining Divine Sects rushed to the street where Chen Xiang was at to buy Six Shenprofound Dan.

They had originally prepared many Dao crystal, and were already the best prepared to be slaughtered, but never would they have thought that Chen Xiang would suddenly sell them at a hundred million each. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

When they first heard this news, no one believed it because it was simply impossible.

However, later on, when more and more people bought Six Shenprofound Dan, they had no choice but to believe it, and all went to find Chen Xiang to buy it.

Chen Xiang only walked half a circle on the streets of the Heavenly Refining Divine Sects, and already sold over three hundred Six Shenprofound Dan s.

When Zhao Kunyun heard the news, he immediately turned green from anger and almost spat out a mouthful of blood. He also suppressed his anger and rode on his White Lion to where Chen Xiang was.

From far away, he saw that Chen Xiang was surrounded by many people waiting to trade with him.

"Take your time, I still have some left. Everyone is limited to one pill." Chen Xiang laughed and shouted. There were many people who needed Six Shenprofound Dan, and they were very happy to see many people buying it. He was also very happy.

"Zhao Kunyun is here!" A person suddenly shouted.

Originally, it was noisy here, but after knowing that Zhao Kunyun had arrived, everyone immediately quietened down and looked at Zhao Kunyun who was riding on a strong white lion.

Zhao Kunyun’s face was extremely gloomy, the muscles on his face twitched, he was currently enduring a great amount of anger and was unable to vent it, as though he was about to explode from the anger.

"Brother Zhao, do you still want the Six Shenprofound Dan?" Chen Xiang smiled and shouted to Zhao Kunyun: "Six Shenprofound Dan s are for sale, just one hundred million Dao crystal s!"

"You ... Wait and see! " Zhao Kunyun was so angry that his entire body was trembling, his voice trembling with anger, as he shouted at Chen Xiang while gritting his teeth.

With that, Zhao Kunyun rode on his White Lion and quickly left the place. He needed to find a place to vent his anger, if not he would really explode in anger.

"Why did he leave just like that?" Chen Xiang couldn’t help but laugh. Seeing Zhao Kunyun’s expression earlier, he sincerely laughed heartily.

Then, he would continue to sell his Six Shenprofound Dan!

After Chen Xiang sold himself for two days, he had finally sold out all of the Six Shenprofound Dan s. He was very satisfied with the thousand Six Shenprofound Dan being sold for a hundred billion.

Everyone was aware that Chen Xiang had tricked Zhao Kunyun, first selling a batch of Six Shenprofound Dan to him at a high price, then selling them here at a low price, causing Zhao Kunyun to poop out his pants.

Everyone felt that Zhao Kunyun did not die from anger, and was very impressive.

When Chen Xiang was done selling, he said that he would continue selling after a while. He said that he had a large number of Six Shenprofound Dan, and was afraid that no one would be able to buy them.

Therefore, many people were waiting for the next time Chen Xiang appeared. Many of the people who were invited by Zhao Kunyun earlier were also waiting for him.

Zhao Kunyun held an auction as scheduled, but no one took interest in it. It could be said that he had suffered heavy losses, and the entire Zhao Family viewed Chen Xiang as their enemy.

Of course, the Heavenly Refining Divine Sects had also spread that the Six Shenprofound Dan in Chen Xiang’s hands were all provided by the Great Clan Elder, because the Great Clan Elder had previously been oppressed by the strong Zhao Family before.

Although there was such a saying, there were also people who jumped out to refute. This was because many people who bought the Six Shenprofound Dan had the same unique aura, and all of them had a faint divine might of heavenly refinement.

Everyone felt that it was not strange for Chen Xiang to be able to use the might of the Heavenly Refining Spirit to refine pills, so they were sure that the Six Shenprofound Dan that Chen Xiang was selling were all refined by him.

This way, Chen Xiang’s reputation grew even higher. To be able to make the mysterious Heavenly Refining Divine Power Pill concoct pills, make the divine pellets have a unique Heavenly Refining Divine Spirit Aura, and sell the divine pellets at such a cheap price to benefit the masses, this caused many people to be filled with respect and awe.

"The Heavenly Refiner’s soul has chosen the right person. As expected of the Heavenly Refiner’s soul of our Heavenly Refining Divine Sects, it has even benefited many disciples of our Heavenly Refining Divine Sects."

"That’s right, it’s too smart for the Heavenly Refiner’s soul to choose Zhao Kunyun. That guy always wants to scam us, not choosing him, and he’s still not convinced."

"Chen Xiang is from the, and to be able to come to our Heavenly Refining Divine Sects as a guest, it is all thanks to the Great Clan Elder. Looks like the next time we choose Great Clan Elder, we must give him a vote."

The Great Clan Elder sat in the carriage, his heart feeling happy when he heard everyone’s conversation. He was the same as everyone else, the Heavenly Refiner’s soul had not chosen the wrong person, and now Chen Xiang was bringing the good news to the Heavenly Refiner Divine Sects.

Right now, Chen Xiang lived on the Great Clan Elder’s small island, quiet and safe. The reason he dared to scam Zhao Kunyun was also because he had the support of the Great Clan Elder.

"The refining methods of the Heavenly Refining Divine Sects s are really amazing. Even though I have used this technique to duplicate the medicinal ingredients, I am still unable to reproduce them."

Chen Xiang had thought that after using the purple pearl to duplicate those medicinal ingredients that had undergone special treatment, they would be able to grow again, but he still could not succeed.

"It seems like I can only honestly buy seeds. I already have 250 billion, so there shouldn’t be much left to buy."

However, the effects of the purple gold bead were very strong. One pellet could replicate a kind of supreme divine medicine, but the refining time was quite long, and it was not as fast as growing it with the World God’s Spring.

"I’ll condense the purple gold bead when I have time, and with the assistance of the Creation Divine Spring, I’ll be able to quickly obtain a large amount of the supreme divine medicine."

Chen Xiang’s current goal was to quickly level up to the Tai Zun realm. The Heavenly Refining Divine Sects had a lot of ingredients and the pills made from these ingredients could allow a person to progress rapidly in the Six Gods Stage, but it would take a lot.

Chen Xiang walked out of the courtyard. Seeing that the Great Clan Elder had returned, his expression became heavy.

"Grand Elder, what’s wrong?" Chen Xiang hurriedly asked, the Great Clan Elder had been understanding about the Dragon Demons.

"The Four Great Divine Sects is preparing to hold a conference, which will be held at the Heavenly Refining Divine Sects. At that time, the Flying Dragon Palace will also be here, so this meeting should be to discuss about the Dragon Demons." The Great Elder replied, "This meeting is extremely urgent. Moreover, there will also be an audience with the High Ancestor!"

Please remember your home domain name: Golden House

Shortcut keys: Previous Chapter | Next Chapter (" "or" tP") Next Chapter (" → "or" tN") Back button: Back to the page Previous Chapter | Arrogant Pill God Catalog | Next Chapter Mobile (Simplified) Mobile Phone Page Version (Traditional)

Browse Records [ /images/hjw_35.jpg ]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Letter Index: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | J | K | L | M | N | P | Q | R | S | T | W | X | Y | Z

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Contact us: [email protected] Page Execution Time: 0.0020021