Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang understood the current situation of the Great Clan Elder. These kind of urgent meetings were usually held when the situation was extremely serious.

He had always been inside the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect, so even though he had some information on what was going on outside, he did not know the specifics, and did not ask Grand Elder about the matters of the Dragon Devil Dead Land.

"Is the situation outside very serious?" Chen Xiang asked. The Dragon Demon’s matter was related to the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, because the Dragon Demons wanted to enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, he did not know what they wanted to do there. In short, it was not a good thing.

"Yes, right now we both have a lot of information, and we will be able to communicate at that time. We will have to wait until then to find out the specifics." The Great Elder said, "You don’t have to worry about this kind of thing. There’s no use worrying about it. Just focus on concocting pills!"

The Great Clan Elder patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder, then returned to his room.

Chen Xiang anxiously ran to the medicine street and bought three types of herbs. These three types of herbs, together with the two that the Master Wang had given him, he would be able to refine a low levelled Taizun Dan called "Taiji Yuanshen Dan". This kind of pill was very helpful to the Six Gods Stage, it could quickly raise the level of the Six yuan god.

Chen Xiang only bought three types of herbs, he did not directly buy the seed, because he still did not know how effective the Taiji Yuanshen Dan was.

If the effect was not good, then the seeds he bought would also be expensive. One must know that the seeds here were worth tens of billions of dollars each.

The three types of medicinal herbs that he had bought were all flowers while the herbs that the Master Wang had given him were herbs. Chen Xiang had long heard of the refining methods of the Taiji Yuanshen Dan from the Master Wang, and it was deeply engraved in his mind.

"I will first refine it, and then use the Crash method for the second batch." Chen Xiang planned to familiarize himself with them before he went on a rampage.

The quality of the pellets refined from Crash method had increased by many times, which saved a lot of medicinal ingredients and time.

Now that he was using the Heavenly Alchemy immortal power to refine pills, the difficulty would decrease greatly.

Ever since he discovered that he could use the Heavenly Alchemy immortal power to refine pills, he had not tried to use it to refine pills. Now that he thought about it, he was filled with anticipation.

Taiji Yuanshen Dan were only low tier Taizun Dan, but this type of pill could be raised based on the grade of the medicinal ingredients.

Most of the Supreme Force Divine Medicines on the market were of low quality, while the price of medium quality was at least ten times, or even a hundred times higher than the lower quality ones.

The majority of Taizun Dan could evolve, which meant that for the same type of pill, the grade of the medicinal ingredients would determine the grade of the pill.

"If the effects of this Taiji Yuanshen Dan are not bad, then the herbs I grow in the future will be of high quality." Chen Xiang knew clearly that it was not easy to reach the peak of Six Gods Stage. If he wanted to be fast, even using the Crash method to refine it would not be enough.

This required a higher grade of pills.

It was Chen Xiang’s first time refining a Taizun Dan, and he did not feel the strain, but it was a little relaxing. This was because he had used the Heavenly Alchemy immortal power, otherwise, even if he had the Heavenly Alchemy Dao line, it would not have been so easy.

The price of Taizun Dan being sold in the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect was considered expensive in Chen Xiang’s eyes, mainly because it was difficult to refine.

Buying it outside of Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect would be even more expensive!

There was a heaven and earth difference between Taizun Dan and previous Natural Law Dan, especially when it came to the difficulty of refining them, just refining the medicinal ingredients was enough to hurt one’s mind.

Chen Xiang had used no less than two days, and was still using the burning of divine might released by the strongest Heavenly Alchemy immortal power. If not for this support, he felt that he would need at least ten times more time.

"As expected, the Supreme One Divine Medicine is very difficult to deal with. The Master Wang had said before that he would need at least fifteen days to deal with it. If I do not have the Heavenly Alchemy Dao line and the Heavenly Alchemy immortal power, I would need at least twenty days to complete them! "

Chen Xiang thought that if he wanted to use the Crash method, it would be extremely difficult!

"Taizun Dan are indeed hard to refine. They can no longer refine several batches in two hours like they did in the past. Refining one batch a day is already very fast."

Just as Chen Xiang came in contact with the Taizun Dan, he felt that the refining process was a little difficult.

Even so, it gave him hope.

Pills that were difficult to concoct tended to have excellent effects.

Someone like him, who was in the early stages of Six Gods Stage, would find it difficult to eat this kind of precious Taizun Dan without the support of a powerful force.

Even a genius like Zhao Kunxin would only be able to eat one pellet every month.

"After the collision, the quality will definitely be better! The effects of such a difficult pill to refine would definitely not be weak. " Chen Xiang was filled with anticipation. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

The next step after being refined by the medicinal ingredients was not easy either. Fortunately, he used the divine flame to easily burn down all the scattered Medicine crystal and then merge them together.

In order to refine high quality pills, Chen Xiang did not refine many pills. These pills were mainly for his own consumption, and when refining many pills, he would usually sell them.

From start to finish, Chen Xiang took five days to refine a single Taiji Yuanshen Dan!

He did not eat them immediately, but refined a batch of Six Shenprofound Dan. There were five hundred in total, and after selling them, he sold them for another fifty billion.

He had been concocting pills in seclusion for a few days, but no one saw him. They were worried that he would not sell any more Six Shenprofound Dan, and that he would go out to buy Zhao Kunxin’s expensive Six Shenprofound Dan.

Therefore, he needed a long time before he could sell some Six Shenprofound Dan, in order to maintain his mobility. Only then would others go to Zhao Kunxin to buy some.

After fishing for tens of billions, Chen Xiang returned to the small island and ate a Taiji Yuanshen Dan.

"This is something that I have spent five days refining. Just buying the medicinal ingredients requires six hundred million Dao crystal. It must have good effects." The three kinds of flowers Chen Xiang bought from here were all two hundred million Dao crystal, and a seed required two hundred times the price, which was forty billion seeds.

With Chen Xiang’s current financial power, buying the seeds of the three kinds of flowers was very easy. Adding them all up, it would only be sixty billion Dao crystal s.

After eating the Taiji Yuanshen Dan, Chen Xiang attempted to use the Heavenly Alchemy immortal power to refine the medicinal power. However, the effect was very good, the speed of refining the medicinal power was very fast, if not, he did not know how much time he would need to refine it.

"According to this speed, I’ll be able to finish refining it in one night." During the process of refining, Chen Xiang was relaxing his entire body and resting. At this moment, he could feel that the Six yuan god was increasing in strength after being refined at a rapid pace.

Although the improvement was obvious, he still needed to consume more of these pills in order to achieve a breakthrough!

At daybreak, Chen Xiang exhaled lightly: "The effect is still satisfactory. According to this speed, I would be able to breakthrough after eating around a hundred more pills or so! This kind of pill is very helpful to Six Gods Stage, even a seed is worth buying! "