Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Lin Jitian poured tea for Chen Xiang and the Bat Super Venerable, and said: "You must be here to look for Chen Xiang, you little demon! Do you want me to avoid it? "

Bat Super Venerable said: "No need to evade! The Myriad Tao Mausoleum being is ready to open up, which means we can go there. But before we do, we have to find a good companion, and I am here to find Chen Xiang as my companion. "

Back then, if not for Chen Xiang, he definitely would not have been able to escape from the terrifying Sky Cavern in Dragon Devil Dead Land, but Chen Xiang could have even brought him along to escape.

"Can I go with Uncle Lin?" Chen Xiang said: "How about we go in groups of three?"

Chen Xiang felt that with these two late stage Overlords by his side, he would definitely be much safer. Lin Jitian and Bat Super Venerable were not ordinary late stage Overlords.

"Alright!" Lin Jitian and Bat Super Venerable said in unison. They trusted Chen Xiang so much that even though they had only just met him, they did not suspect him.

"But the Transmission array has already been occupied by the Dragon Demons. So, we should first chase those Dragon Demons away, right?" Chen Xiang said: "Furthermore, when we enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, what will happen to the Dragon Demons here?"

"Your esteemed ancestor will be guarding this thousand floor, so we can go to the Myriad Tao Mausoleum! This honorable ancestor level fellows have all been to the Myriad Tao Mausoleum many times, which is why they are able to reach the honorable ancestor’s level of cultivation. However, this time, you have assured us that if we are able to return alive, most of them will have advanced by leaps and bounds. " The Bat Super Venerable said.

"Speaking of which, all of you are in the late stage of the Ancestor Realm. Wouldn’t you be able to become Ancestors very soon?" Chen Xiang laughed: "If that’s the case, then it’s fine, but when the time comes I’ll have two backers that I can depend on."

"How difficult!" Lin Jitian sighed.

"That’s right, it’s extremely difficult!" Four Great Divine Sects’s Leader and many of the powerful elders are only at the late stage of the Supreme Realm. Both he and Lin Jitian were of the late stage of the Overlord, so they had a deep understanding of this matter.

"Little bat, you’ve also been called here. Are you preparing to start fighting the dragon demon?" Chen Xiang asked.

"That’s right, we will be leaving in a few days at the earliest. At that time, all of us disciples will be going out to fight against the Dragon Demons at the Ancient Transmission array." Bat Super Venerable said, "Don’t go and join in the fun. This time is extremely dangerous."

Now, the most important thing to do was to take back the Transmission array.

Flying Dragon Experience Place has already been besieged by the Dragon Demons, and a portion of the Supreme Elders have already rushed over. This time, there are least people from the Flying Dragon Palace, and I’m the only one in the later stages of the Supreme Realm. "

The Flying Dragon Experience Place was also a crucial place, and also the target of the Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable. Once the Dragon Demons attack, the Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable would head towards the Flying Dragon Experience Place, but through the Flying Dragon Experience Place, its strength was unimaginable.

Once the Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable obtains great power, they would definitely go to the Myriad Tao Mausoleum!

This was something all the upper echelons of Four Great Divine Sects wanted to know. Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable was an existence on the same level as the ancestors of the ancient times.

Although there were a lot of good things in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, but they shouldn’t have attracted that much attention!

But now that the Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable had been resurrected, a plan to go to the Myriad Tao Mausoleum had been made!

"Alright, I will do my best to increase my strength when I head to Myriad Tao Mausoleum." Chen Xiang said. He was still weak in the early stages of Six Gods Stage, in order not to drag things down, he had to quickly level up.

Lin Jitian and the Bat Super Venerable had already agreed that they would get to know each other when they fight the Dragon Demons in the legends. It was fortunate that they would be able to cooperate better when they enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum in the future.

Chen Xiang walked out of Lin Jitian’s house as he calculated his next move.

"To deal with the Dragon Demons, I still need Dragon magic herb. The last few Dragon magic herb that I have are all processed, so I am unable to grow them." Chen Xiang just knew that Lin Jitian and Bat Super Venerable were enough to buy the Dragon Magic Dan, and he made a huge profit this time.

Walking out of the villa, Chen Xiang suddenly saw two women dressed in plain clothes, but they had extremely beautiful faces, and their appearances were all exactly the same.

"Beautiful!" Chen Xiang was pleasantly surprised, he never thought that he would meet the two sisters Jiang Simei and Jiang Sijing here, and one of them was in the early stages of Six Gods Stage.

They were originally taken away by the mysterious Grandma Jiang, but who would have thought that after their separation, they would also advance by leaps and bounds. Chen Xiang was even more curious about the identity of the Grandma Jiang.

He quickly transmitted his voice to the two girls. They were also very happy.

Chen Xiang had already changed his appearance, so they couldn’t recognize him. However, when Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to them, they immediately knew where Chen Xiang was. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"We went out to look for you, but we couldn’t find you. I didn’t expect you to be here." The two girls hurried over to Chen Xiang’s side.

"Follow me!" Chen Xiang immediately brought the two girls to the mansion on the small island.

The disciples of the Four Great Divine Sects had all heard of his name before, and many of the disciples of the Four Great Divine Sects had already eaten the Six Shenprofound Dan that Chen Xiang had refined before.

"Grandmother and I are both at the Heaven’s Mandate Divine Sects. Grandmother’s master and elders are all elders of the Heaven’s Mandate Divine Sects, so it was very easy for us to enter." Jiang Simei laughed, her attitude towards many people was extremely crude, but she was the only one who was gentle with Chen Xiang.

Jiang Sijing aside, she was a gentle, beautiful and quiet woman to begin with. She was very happy to be able to meet Chen Xiang.

"Heavenly Fate Divine Sects! Cultivating Heavenly spirit kunfu, right? " Chen Xiang laughed: "It’s great to be able to see you all again!"

"We missed you a lot too. We were all very worried about you when you met with trouble in the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation back then." Jiang Sijing said.

"I urgently need your help right now, but I don’t know if it’s convenient for you guys." Chen Xiang knew Jiang Sijing’s ability, he could grow medicinal herbs.

"Of course we can, we were only here to watch the show, the fighting was done by the middle and late stages of Six Gods Stage, we can stay by your side." Jiang Simei said: "I’m so bored to death in Heaven’s Mandate Divine Sects, and all kinds of cultivation are very dangerous, I don’t even have any pills to eat!"

Jiang Simei chuckled: "If I follow you, there will definitely be a lot of pills to eat!"

"Of course! However... The herbs here are all special and have been treated, so there’s no way to grow them. However, I have the seeds and they are all supreme divine medicines. If you want to grow them, it will take some time. " Chen Xiang said.

Jiang Sijing immediately understood what Chen Xiang meant, he wanted her to help him cultivate the medicinal herbs for him.

"That’s no problem. With my sister and I helping you, you’ll be able to grow a lot soon." Jiang Sijing smiled sweetly.

"Beauty can grow flowers?" Chen Xiang laughed in disbelief.

"That’s because we are twins. With the help of an elder, we can obtain each other’s dao veins and abilities. Now that I think about it, it’s truly amazing." Jiang Simei said.