Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

When Jiang Sijing’s Earth Laws grew medicinal herbs, it displayed an astonishing effect. Back then, when Jiang Sijing was in the You Yao Mountain Villa, he had quickly helped Chen Xiang grow a large amount of medicinal herbs.

And now, it was not only Jiang Sijing, but also Jiang Simei. The two sisters had such high cultivation bases, if they were to grow them together, the speed would be even more terrifying.

"Great! I’m really lacking medicinal ingredients right now. I won’t treat you unfairly when the time comes." Chen Xiang laughed.

"When did you mistreat us?" Jiang Simei smiled beautifully.

"Elder Brother Shen, let’s go to You Yao Mountain Villa now. When we were at Heaven’s Mandate Divine Sects, Grandmother also told us to cultivate the medicinal herbs for the Heaven’s Mandate Divine Sects. However, the Heaven’s Mandate Divine Sects’s Alchemist’s attitude towards us was very bad, and they didn’t intend on giving us any compensation. We couldn’t be bothered to help them." Jiang Sijing said.

Chen Xiang allowed the two sisters to enter the You Yao Mountain Villa, then he gave the Taiji Yuanshen Dan seeds to them along with some other medicinal ingredients.

Other than this, Chen Xiang also asked them to help him grow the Six Shenprofound Dan’s medicinal herbs. He felt that the Six Shenprofound Dan could still be sold for a period of time.

"Look, does this Dragon magic herb have a way to grow it?" Chen Xiang handed over those Dragon magic herb he bought over to the Mei Jing Sisters. They have the Earth Laws, so they might have some tricks up their sleeves.

These medicinal ingredients had all been treated and could not be grown. Chen Xiang always had many clever ideas, but this time, he had no other choice.

Jiang Sijing and Jiang Simei had already planted the seeds. Now, all they needed to do was to release the power of the Ancient Code at regular intervals to water them before they could quickly grow them. Their Ancient Code Power had fused very well with the Creation God Spring and the effect would be even better.

After they finished watering, they picked up the Dragon magic herb and carefully looked at it.

"The main reason why these strange flowers and herbs can reproduce is because there is a trace of regeneration energy inside, but now the regeneration energy has been removed from the Dragon magic herb, so no matter what method is used, it is difficult to cultivate these herbs." Jiang Simei came to a conclusion after looking through it.

"Just like sister said, the Qi of rebirth is the most important! If we were to allow the plant to grow new life force, then we can use it to grow new plants. " Jiang Sijing laughed, "Others may be unable to do anything, but Big Sister and I can’t!"

Chen Xiang was somewhat disappointed previously, but when he heard Jiang Sijing’s words, he was overjoyed: "What method? There are many powerful pill masters in Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect, but none of them can do anything! "

"It’s the same for any plants. We only need to borrow the regenerative aura from other plants!" Jiang Simei said: "You are a pill refiner, you have come in contact with many medicinal ingredients and are very clear on them, you should know that the origin of the plants are the same!"

"That’s right, countless flowers, plants, and trees are all born from the same source." Chen Xiang said, he even used this principle to create the Original source refining.

"Big sister and I can be considered to be born from the same origin, so even if big sister doesn’t have the Earth Laws, because we share the same origin, through some secret techniques, she can have everything I have, and I can have everything about him." Jiang Sijing said: "Big sister and I will now grasp this kind of mysterious secret method, and we will need two lives to execute it."

Chen Xiang immediately understood that what the Mei Jing Sisters needed to do now was to use the mysterious telepathic power between the twins to let the Dragon magic herb sense the other strange flowers and herbs that possessed the regenerative aura. This way, the Dragon magic herb would be able to generate the regenerative energy from its new womb.

"Can this really work?" Chen Xiang felt that this was unbelievable.

"It will definitely be possible ... We’ve even tried to fuse the effects of the two Spirit Flowers together to create a new breed ... It can be considered a cross! " Jiang Sijing laughed, "After blending and crossing, the effect of the new breed will be even better."

"Then give it a try!" Chen Xiang was currently very excited: "I wonder if I can create a new Dragon magic herb."

"Of course we can, we’ll try it now, but first we have to see what you have here." Jiang Simei said.

Chen Xiang’s You Yao Mountain Villa had also planted many different kinds of strange flowers and herbs. Although there were many low level ones, they could still grow to high levels through evolution. He had borrowed a lot from the Master Wang to make copies.

"You have a lot of flowers and plants here!" We have to play. " The last time she was here, she did not see this much.

"We can play a lot of new varieties." Jiang Simei said. At the moment, they were extremely interested in this. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Then you guys just have to slowly mess around and come up with even better medicinal ingredients. In addition, with my alchemy skills, there will be endless medicinal pills. It would be hard for us to not become stronger." Chen Xiang laughed.

"I want to become your Ancestor!" Jiang Simei said in an extremely domineering manner, "There will always be a few fellows in Heaven’s Mandate Divine Sects who look down on me. When I become a senior, I will return and teach them a lesson."

It could be seen that the sisters had suffered greatly in the Heaven’s Mandate Divine Sects. Only when they were with Chen Xiang would they feel happy, because on one hand, Chen Xiang could make them stronger. On the other hand, he was very concerned about them and was always thinking for them.

Chen Xiang had originally planned to refine pills, but now that he knew that the Mei Jing Sisters and the rest had that kind of consummate technique, he anxiously ran to the Pill Street to buy many rare and precious herbs. Although there was no rebirth Qi, but since the Mei Jing Sisters and the rest could solve this problem, he did not need to buy any seeds.

"While many people are still in Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect, I will first refine and sell a few more Six Shenprofound Dan." When Chen Xiang returned to the small island, he took out the herbs and started to refine them. He felt that three hundred billion Dao crystal s was still not enough.

Right now he did not need Dao crystal to buy seeds, but he needed to enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. The Myriad Tao Divine Stele came from the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, and the speed at which the Dao crystal was being absorbed by the Myriad Tao Divine Stele was extremely crazy.

"I need at least a trillion Dao crystal!" Chen Xiang felt that even if he sold the Six Shenprofound Dan now, he wouldn’t be able to get his hands on the trillion Dao crystal so easily.

Right now, the time to enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum was getting closer and closer. He didn’t know if he could succeed either.

After a few days, he refined yet another thousand Six Shenprofound Dan. This also took him a few days to sell them all, and it was much harder to sell than before.

He was already so hard to sell here, let alone Zhao Kunxin and the others.

However, Zhao Kunxin’s Dragon Magic Dan was selling it well, because it had been consumed many times. After eating a Dragon Magic Dan, the medicinal power would only last for a short period of time.

"It’s a success. Although this is not the original Dragon magic herb, it still has the effects of the Dragon magic herb." Jiang Simei said.

Chen Xiang hurriedly entered the You Yao Mountain Villa, and saw a golden grass in Jiang Simei’s hands.

"What is the combination of a Dragon magic herb and this thing?" Chen Xiang asked.