Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

The Great Clan Elder also knew very well that the Zhao Clan hated Chen Xiang to the core, so he also said that if anyone dared to touch Chen Xiang, it meant that they had become his enemy.

Chen Xiang was very popular in Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect, now everyone suspected that Chen Xiang had a secret method to quickly grow medicinal herbs, if not he would not have so many Dragon magic herb.

But Chen Xiang did not admit it, he only said that those Golden Dragon Magic herb were obtained from the Dragon Devil Dead Land, he had a lot of them.

If others were to notice, it would not be a good thing, so Chen Xiang would not admit to using that ability.

Chen Xiang was currently focused on refining the Taiji Yuanshen Dan, he needed power very much. Although his pill techniques were outstanding, no matter how skilled he was in pill techniques, without sufficient strength, he would not be able to withstand the threat of danger.

Furthermore, he was going to go to the mysterious Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

After taking down the Transmission array, Four Great Divine Sects and Flying Dragon Palace had set an exact time to head to Myriad Tao Mausoleum in two months.

The Myriad Tao Mausoleum would open up for a period of time. As long as they could enter during this period of time and come out, they would not miss the opening of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

The biggest reason why Chen Xiang entered the Myriad Tao Mausoleum was to find and kill the Natural Law Divine Lord!

Right now, he was weak, so even if he met the God of Heaven, he might not be able to fight against him. He only hoped that when the time came, Lin Jitian would be able to talk to the God of Heaven. Bat Super Venerable had enough power to help him kill Natural Law Divine Lord.

There were still two months left, and it was a very short period of time for many people. At this time, those who had decided to head to Myriad Tao Mausoleum were all hurriedly making preparations.

... ....

Two months had passed, and the Great Clan Elder had gently knocked on Chen Xiang’s door.

Chen Xiang who was still concocting pills woke up quickly. His face was filled with regret, because he had not stepped into the middle stage of Six Gods Stage yet!

"Six Gods Stage is indeed not that easy to break through!" Chen Xiang looked at the high quality Taiji Yuanshen Dan in his hand. He had refined this just now, but it was too late for him to eat it now.

Chen Xiang anxiously opened the door and saw that the Great Clan Elder had already donned a set of strong and sturdy armor, so he was probably going to head out immediately.

"Grand Elder, are you leaving now?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Not bad, we’ll be starting off in an hour. Are you not ready yet?" The Great Clan Elder asked when he saw that Chen Xiang was not that excited.

"It’s about time. Let’s go!" Chen Xiang could only find some time to eat that piece of Taiji Yuanshen Dan and then quietly refine it, to see if he could step into the middle stage of Six Gods Stage.

Chen Xiang followed the Great Clan Elder to the great plaza of the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect. It was already filled with people, all of them from the Four Great Divine Sects and the Four Great Divine Sects.

The last time they attacked the Transmission array, there were only a thousand of them, but it had increased to two thousand now!

For the large Four Great Divine Sects and Flying Dragon Palace, two thousand people was considered very little. This was to keep a portion of the people here to guard, so that the Dragon Demons wouldn’t take advantage of the situation to enter.

Chen Xiang had already made an agreement with Lin Jitian and Bat Super Venerable to move out together, and now that Lin Jitian and Bat Super Venerable were here, he immediately went to find them when he arrived at the plaza. He had already greeted the Great Clan Elder.

The Great Clan Elder did not say anything about this. He was very clear about the strength of the Bat Super Venerable, and that Lin Jitian was not weak either. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"Chen Xiang, when we enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, the ones we need to pay attention to are not the bastards inside, but the bastards hiding in the plaza." Lin Jitian said. He had entered the Myriad Tao Mausoleum before, and had a lot of experience. The last time he entered, he was tricked by humans.

When Lin Jitian was with and the Bat Super Venerable this time, they were all people that he understood. Therefore, he was very at ease, not like the last time, where it was a temporary arrangement.

"I know! I feel that the thing I need to pay attention to the most are those fellows from Zhao Clan. They should be really eager to eat my flesh and blood right now. " When Chen Xiang looked at Zhao Kunxin, he could see the viciousness in his eyes.

"Rest assured, as long as the Ancestor does not attack, Old Lin and I can withstand it. Unless there are eight late stage Overlords surrounding and attacking us, no one will be able to harm you." The Bat Super Venerable was not too worried. He understood Chen Xiang’s ability to escape very well.

After everyone had arrived, they divided into more than ten teams and began to head towards the ancient Transmission array. This was still quite a distance away.

A few days later, they arrived at the ancient Transmission array.

This Transmission array was extremely huge, actually a lot wider than the big plaza in Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect.

When Chen Xiang arrived here, he could immediately feel the remnant Evil Dragon Qi. Previously, this place was filled with the corpses of the Dragon Demons, even if they were burnt to ashes, the Qi was still very dense.

Opening the Transmission array would consume a large amount of Dao crystal. Chen Xiang had heard from the Great Clan Elder that it would take at least a hundred billion Dao crystal to successfully activate it.

These Dao crystal were produced by the Four Great Divine Sects and Four Great Divine Sects together, and each side only needed to pay twenty billion Dao crystal. To these kind of big shots, this was just a small number.

When he came back, he would need to use the same amount of Dao crystal, so he didn’t need to use the Dao crystal if he wanted to follow the group.

Once the Four Great Divine Sects and the Flying Dragon Palace were teleported, they would be open to other people, and those people would need to gather enough Dao crystal to activate the Transmission array before they could head to the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

It took more than six hours to open the Transmission array, and after it did, Chen Xiang felt a spatial ripple. Then, a golden light flashed before his eyes, and they arrived at a place with fresh air.

"He has already left the Flying Dragon Pagoda!" Chen Xiang looked around, he was very sure right now, because when he was in Flying Dragon Pagoda, he could feel the unique spatial energy of Flying Dragon Pagoda.

However, there was no space here!

"They should be on top of the Divine Wasteland. Where is the Myriad Tao Mausoleum?" Chen Xiang looked left and right, but he did not see Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

When he was on the hundred floors of the Flying Dragon Pagoda, Chen Xiang had refined and eaten the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation. At that time, he saw the image of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

"We still have a way to go to Myriad Tao Mausoleum, the ancient Transmission array only told us to leave it, otherwise we would need to walk it layer by layer, or through it, in order to leave it." Lin Jitian said: "Let’s go! The leaders are all the Great Elders of the Four Great Divine Sects s and Flying Dragon Palace s.

On the way to Myriad Tao Mausoleum, they encountered over a dozen waves of terrifying Dragon beast’s attacks. Luckily, the people here were all skilled and were able to push back Dragon beast.

After walking for around a month, Chen Xiang finally saw the Myriad Tao Mausoleum in his image as he was fusing with the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation.