Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

From afar, the Myriad Tao Mausoleum looked like a giant square stone that was located on the ground, and at this time, Chen Xiang and the rest were still very far away from the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, so they could clearly see the entire appearance of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

"One hundred and thirty thousand feet tall, one hundred and fifty thousand feet wide, and there is also the universe inside. This is the mysterious Myriad Tao Mausoleum." Lin Jitian said: "The first time I saw it, I was extremely shocked."

It was’s first time seeing it with his own eyes, but because he had seen the image before, he did not exclaim out loud like the others when he saw it.

The Myriad Tao Mausoleum was black, and on the way there, Chen Xiang also heard that the Myriad Tao Mausoleum’s expression would change. Sometimes it would be white, sometimes it would be gold, and in short, it would change in various colors.

And only when it turns black would it mean that the Myriad Tao Mausoleum would be opened. Furthermore, the inside of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum would be very safe.

When it was white, a portion of the entrance to Myriad Tao Mausoleum was opened, but it was extremely dangerous inside. At this time, a majority of the people who went in were unable to come out.

"There are others!" The Bat Super Venerable suddenly said, Chen Xiang could also feel the Qi, and there were quite a number of them.

Chen Xiang immediately looked towards the direction where the Qi came from. All of them looked very familiar, he knew who these people were, they were the big shots from the Myriad Tao City, just that they were all possessed by the Evil Soul.

"Xue Yunxiong!" He couldn’t help but say these three words, "This guy, he actually came as well, and even had those Leader Elders from the Divine Beast Sects in the hundred floors of the Flying Dragon Pagoda s."

"You know them?" Lin Jitian asked, he was not worried about them, because all of them were weak, with their cultivations of around the middle stage of Six Gods Stage.

"I understand, most of them are about to be possessed by the Evil Soul, you guys be careful, maybe they still have a powerful Evil Soul on their hands." Chen Xiang said.

Back then, Chen Xiang had already known that the Leader s of the Divine Beast Sect were very close to the Evil Soul s, so he suspected that those Leader s had all been possessed by the Evil Soul s.

When Xue Yunxiong and the other Evil Soul s came out of Myriad Tao Mausoleum, they had many strong Evil Soul s whose bodies had yet to be found.

And Xue Yunxiong and the rest of the Evil Soul s were only at the Six Gods Stage. In the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, the Six Gods Stage s were considered weak, Chen Xiang guessed that they had the Tai Zun realm’s Evil Soul s, but he did not find a good body, so he was not able to take them out.

Chen Xiang told the worries in his heart to Lin Jitian and the Bat Super Venerable. After knowing that they were a group of Evil Soul s, they immediately became cautious. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Before, when they went to fight against the Dragon Demons, they had to always be on guard against being devoured by them. In this regard, they had some experience.

"My friends, are you from the top of Flying Dragon Pagoda?" The one who spoke was Xue Yunxiong, he had a gentle smile on his face.

Chen Xiang also felt that it was strange, why would Xue Yunxiong and the others appear here? Could it be that the hundred floors of Flying Dragon Pagoda also have an ancient Transmission array that leads to here?

"Not bad, where are you from?" An old man from Flying Dragon Palace asked. He was very cautious at the moment and did not walk over.

"They are all Evil Soul!" Lin Jitian suddenly shouted: "Everyone be careful!"

Just as he finished speaking, the expressions of Xue Yunxiong and the others changed. With a wave of their hands, they threw countless black beads.

The black beads released an evil aura, with one glance, one could tell that they were all Evil Soul!

Just as Chen Xiang had guessed, Xue Yunxiong and the rest had a large number of strong Evil Soul s in their hands. Now, they had thrown out their Evil Soul s in order to let these Evil Soul s choose the appropriate body to possess.

"A bunch of evil beings." He was an elder of the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect, and although his voice was low, it released a golden sound wave. The black beads that were thrown over were instantly shattered, and all of the Evil Soul s ran out.

When the elders of the Four Great Divine Sects and the Flying Dragon Palace saw so many powerful Evil Soul s, their expressions became extremely serious. They all had a tacit understanding and immediately set up a huge enchantment around everyone to protect them from the attacks of the Evil Soul.

When the time comes, these old fellows could defend against Evil Soul, but for the other juniors, it was hard to say.

"Quickly destroy them!" Bat Super Venerable shouted towards the group of people.

Xue Yunxiong and the others were still outside the barrier with a sinister smile on their faces. The barrier was covered by a mass of black fog and the fog was formed by the mighty.

"How dare the evil creature be impudent!" A burly man from the six Divine Sects s shouted loudly. A few "boom boom" sounds of thunder rumbled in the air as a large amount of six colored lightning bolts fell like rain on the surroundings of the barrier.

After the Evil Soul was struck by the lightning, they all dispersed. Some of them even started to scream, floating around in the air, wailing like ghosts and howling like wolves.

"The six divine lightning from the six Divine Sects s are not simple. This kind of Evil Soul is also afraid of being struck by lightning." Lin Jitian laughed: "Evil Soul is underestimating our Flying Dragon Pagoda’s thousand floors!"

After that, the elders of the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect also took action, releasing a purple gold flame. They controlled the flame to turn into a giant palm and slapped the fleeing Evil Soul s.

It had only been a moment, but the mighty and mighty Supreme Evil Soul was already scared out of her mind!

Let alone this kind of, even when they were alive and had flesh and blood, this group of elders were not afraid of them, let alone a Evil Soul who only knew how to frighten people.

Xue Yunxiong and the others were so scared that their faces turned green. Previously, they thought that the Supreme Evil Soul they had released would quickly swallow all of them.

But who would have thought that those powerful Evil Soul s would not even be able to withstand a single blow, and were taken care of so quickly!

"These Evil Soul must have made a mistake. I never expected us to be so strong." Lin Jitian laughed.

This group of people could be considered to be the apex existences within the thousand floors of the Flying Dragon Pagoda.

"Kill!" Just as the voice of an old man faded, more than ten shadows flashed out from the enchantment, and the powerful aura released from their bodies rushed towards Xue Yunxiong’s group like a terrifying wave.

Xue Yunxiong and the rest had a few hundred people, but the dozen or so elders were able to rush over, releasing a burst of powerful force and crushed the few hundred of them, turning them into dust.

"It’s boring. We don’t need to do anything." Lin Jitian yawned, but since the enchantment had been put away, everyone immediately rushed there.

What happened just now was very sudden, but right now everyone was very calm, as though nothing had happened at all. They continued to head towards the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

"Chen Xiang, what’s wrong?" Lin Jitian patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder and asked softly.

"I have a strange feeling that something is following us." Chen Xiang looked behind him and said: "We have to be careful, I have a feeling that before we enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, we will have to go through a great battle."