Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

This was not a conscious thought on Chen Xiang’s part, but rather an extremely weak aura that Chen Xiang had sensed, and this aura contained a faint killing intent.

Chen Xiang had killed before, so he could feel it, even though it was weak. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Right now, he just could not confirm what that aura was. He also did not know where it came from.

"Really? Should I tell them? " Lin Jitian said.

"I’m not sure right now, but that’s what I think!" However, he still sent a sound transmission to the Great Clan Elder of the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect.

His relationship with the Great Clan Elder of Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect was not bad. After the Great Clan Elder heard his sound transmission, he also became cautious.

Anyways, they were about to enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum at this time, so everyone was on high alert.

All along the way, they were extremely quiet and did not encounter any dangers. They also gradually approached the gigantic Myriad Tao Mausoleum, at this time, they could no longer see just how vast the Myriad Tao Mausoleum was. Although they had not arrived at the bottom of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum yet, they were shrouded in the gigantic shadow of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

Upon entering this shadow, a cold shiver went down everyone’s spines.

"What’s going on? This Myriad Tao Mausoleum is a little strange, different from last time. " Lin Jitian said.

"That’s right, it makes people uneasy. What’s going on?" Bat Tai! One! Ben! Read! The Novice Sovereign had the same feeling, he had also entered the Myriad Tao Mausoleum before.

"Everyone, pay attention!" The Great Clan Elder of the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect shouted, "We might not even enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum before we face a huge battle."

The Myriad Tao Mausoleum was right in front of him, but the door was not completely open. There was only a small crack, but because the door was very big, the crack that was revealed was also very big.

The wind was coming from the gap of the door!

Chen Xiang was lost in thought as he looked at the big door of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, and said: "The big door is opening slowly, but the opening speed is very slow, adding that the big door of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum is too big, it’s hard to find."

The entrance to the Myriad Tao Mausoleum was as high as the sky, and this entrance was also known as the Door of the Heavens and the Earth.

"In the past, the opening of the Gate of Heaven and Earth was much smaller than it is now, only enough for ten people to walk past it side by side as if they were walking between two mountains. But now, it’s so wide, it’s not a problem even pushing through the mountain." Lin Jitian also felt that it was very strange.

As they approached the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, they were enveloped by a depressing atmosphere!

This kind of feeling made people uncomfortable. If they didn’t have a firm will, they would have easily collapsed by now. Everyone was already enveloped by a formless and terrifying aura.

"Should we retreat?" An elder suddenly said: "Obviously, there’s something wrong with the opening of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum this time."

"That’s right, how about this? Let’s wait for a while longer and see. If things return to how it was in the past, we can go back inside. While we’re waiting, we can notify the two ancestors and have them come over to take a look." A bald old man said.

Now that they were already here, no one wanted to return. However, they were still very cautious and didn’t rush in just like that.

Everyone rested where they were and waited patiently. Chen Xiang also grabbed the opportunity to eat a Taiji Yuanshen Dan, and then had Bat Super Venerable and Lin Jitian watch over him.

As time passed, the Heaven and Earth door opened wider and wider. The darkness could be seen through the crack in the door.

Although the door was opening wider and wider, the eerie wind that was blowing out from inside was abnormally much weaker, causing people to be even more confused.

A few days had passed and Chen Xiang had already refined that Taiji Yuanshen Dan but he had still not stepped into the middle stage of Six Gods Stage.

Under such circumstances, he desperately needed power, but he still did not succeed!

"I can only refine one more." Chen Xiang immediately took out the medicinal ingredients and then calmed his heart to refine them.

He was not the only one who was concocting pills here, the elders of Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect were also making use of their time to do so.

Ten days had passed and Chen Xiang had successfully refined one Taiji Yuanshen Dan!

"Is your ancestor not here yet? This door has been completely opened. This is an unimaginable scene! " An elder said anxiously, "There must be a problem with the Myriad Tao Mausoleum!"

The Myriad Tao Mausoleum’s Gate of Heaven and Earth had been completely opened. Even though the huge ancient door was completely opened, the inside of the door was pitch black, and it was impossible to see anything. It was like the mouth of a huge beast, dark and sinister.

Just as Chen Xiang was about to eat the Taiji Yuanshen Dan, he heard someone shout, "Your ancestor is here, and it’s five of them!"

Sensing the aura, everyone who was resting hurriedly stood up. The five reverends and two elders had arrived. The five reverends were all very young and not as old as everyone had imagined.

"Leader!"

"Palace Lord!"

A few of the elders shouted in shock. It was actually the Leader himself, it was obvious that the situation was not ordinary.

The Leader’s and the Flying Dragon Palace’s hall masters all looked very young, but they were all revered ancestors’ cultivations.

"What the hell is going on?" An old man asked, "Why is there such a situation? The Heaven and Earth Gate has completely opened. This sort of thing has never happened before."

"Is it a good thing or a bad thing!"

The six Divine Sects s said, "We are also not sure, so we came here personally to take a look! This time, an unprecedented situation has indeed occurred in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. Maybe it is because of this, but the Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable is still in the Flying Dragon Pagoda! "

"Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable is doing everything possible to obtain power through the Flying Dragon Experience Place, it should be related to entering the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. Therefore, we do not know if it is safe to enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum now, please wait patiently outside, we will go in first to investigate." The Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect said.

Everyone nodded their heads in agreement. Given the current situation, they didn’t dare to go in the same way.

The five giants turned into several streaks of light and flew into the endless darkness inside the Heaven and Earth door ...

Not long after they entered, Chen Xiang suddenly shouted out: "There’s a Dragon Demon!"

He was extremely familiar with this aura, it was the extremely strong aura that Chen Xiang had sensed in the depths of Dragon Devil Dead Land that day!

"It’s the Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable!" The Bat Super Venerable cried out.

When the Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable appeared, everyone immediately sank into fear. However, they could only see a black astral wind suddenly blowing towards them, and then rushing towards the Heaven and Earth Door.

"Go ..." Gone? " One of the old men was covered in cold sweat. The moment Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable appeared, they felt as if doomsday had arrived.

"Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable has entered the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, but there is still a large group of Dragon Demons around, they have been here since a long time ago." Chen Xiang said: "Prepare for battle, if we cannot win, we can only enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum!"