Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

After Chen Xiang was stopped, he tried to use the White Tiger to jump in, but to no avail.

"Strange, are there any restrictions on the passage?" Chen Xiang frowned: "You two are both from the Tai Zun realm, so you are able to enter this passage. The previous few seniors are also from the Tai Zun realm, and I am from the Six Gods Stage, so I am restricted from entering."

The Great Elder walked over and tried the two tunnels. Indeed, there was one that he could not enter.

"One of these two passages is for Tai Zun realm s and below to enter, the other passage requires the cultivation of Tai Zun realm." The Great Clan Elder said, "Chen Xiang, looks like you can’t be with them anymore. Take the Six Gods Stage passage!"

"Alright, I’ll be fine by myself." Chen Xiang nodded his head, although he was regretful, but he could not do anything about it.

Just like this, Chen Xiang entered the passage by himself. After entering, he saw many forks in the road, but he did not enter any of them.

Many people were the same as him. They did not choose the fork in the path and kept walking, wanting to reach the end before making a decision.

Chen Xiang was walking at the front, he walked the fastest, but he did not expect to see a few Law beads scattered on the ground! Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"Is this the benefit of being in front?" Chen Xiang secretly laughed, and picked up those Law beads s. Although they were just Fire rule beads s, they still made him feel that there were treasures in Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

This was the first time most of the Six Gods Stage that followed behind him had entered, and they were also a little worried that there would be danger, so they did not dare to walk too fast, or take the lead.

Therefore, they thought that Chen Xiang was leading them to scout out the path. If he met with danger, there would definitely be some movement, at that time, they would also be able to react in time.

There were a lot of people following behind Chen Xiang, but they had also quickened their pace because they could sense a few weak auras of the Law beads.

This meant that there was a Law beads in front!

There were as many Law beads and stones in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, if Chen Xiang walked in front, the people behind them would not be able to get anything, right?

In order to avoid being on the same path as others, some people started to choose other paths and forks. This way, when they met with good things, they would be on their own.

Chen Xiang had picked up quite a few Law beads along the way, but they were all not good Law beads. For example, it was easy to get hold of Fire rule beads or water Law beads.

Just as he was at a loss, he suddenly felt a weak breath of life. He saw a small pile of things emitting a faint green light in front of him.

He quickly walked over and saw that it was a small pile of green pearls, there were more than a hundred of them. From the dense life force, there was no doubt that they were Law beads s, there were actually a hundred of them!

The life Law beads was also one of the rare life Law beads, a hundred of them required hundreds of billions of life Law beads to obtain!

"I’ve earned big!" Chen Xiang immediately picked it up, and the moment he did, a group of people came over.

"Chen Xiang, quickly put it down!" Zhao Kunxin saw Chen Xiang holding onto a large pile of life Law beads, and immediately shouted.

Seeing that they had arrived, Chen Xiang kept the Law beads and then laughed: "First come first served, who told you to walk so slowly, it’s all mine!"

"You have to give us at least half of what you see, otherwise you won’t be able to leave here alive." Zhao Kunxin and the rest had a lot of people, with ten of them, there were six or seven in the late stage of Six Gods Stage.

These people were all disciples of Zhao Clan and were not weak. If they were to attack together, Chen Xiang would definitely not be able to defeat them.

"Zhao Kunxin, are you trying to steal it? I will remember that right now, I do not have the strength, so I cannot do anything to you. However, once I have enough strength, I will definitely make you pay the price. "

Chen Xiang sneered, and then immediately leaped toward a fork in the road. After a few continuous teleportations, he disappeared.

Zhao Kunxin shouted: "Quickly chase, this guy has over a hundred life Law beads in his hands, that’s the equivalent of a trillion life Law beads, we must definitely obtain them."

When they came in, Chen Xiang knew that they had to be wary of humans in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. He just didn’t think that they would encounter this kind of thing so soon.

Chen Xiang used Teleportation, his speed was extremely fast, and very quickly, he left Zhao Kunxin and the others behind. Furthermore, there were still many forks in the road in front of him, at his speed, Zhao Kunxin and the rest wouldn’t be able to catch him.

There were many tunnels inside that were complicated. Although Chen Xiang was walking randomly around inside, he would leave behind his mark so that he could remember the way back.

"There are many stone chambers, but they are very difficult to open and cannot be entered by teleportation. What is going on?" Chen Xiang saw hundreds of stone rooms on the way, but he could not enter one at all.

"Oh right, use the Dao crystal!" Chen Xiang had previously heard that the Myriad Tao Mausoleum required a large amount of Dao crystal to obtain things.

He came to the stone door of a stone room, but no matter how hard he tried, he could not see the place where the Dao crystal were placed.

"I have a divine sense scout out." Chen Xiang pressed his hand on the stone door and probed it with his divine sense, discovering that there was a very large storage space inside the stone door.

"Do I have to put the Dao crystal in this storage space?" Chen Xiang immediately began to place the Dao crystal into the storage space inside the stone door.

He released a billion Dao crystal and the stone door opened. He quickly entered, but there was nothing inside, it was very bright.

Chen Xiang carefully observed the bright stone room. The stone room was not big, and could only fit five or six people, it was not a tomb, because he did not see any kind of sarcophagus.

"He wasted one billion Dao crystal?"

Chen Xiang sighed, but just as he was about to go out, he suddenly heard someone say: "You are not with the Dao crystal, this stone room is of great help to you, of course, you need more Dao crystal to be of great use."

Unexpectedly, someone was talking to him, causing Chen Xiang to immediately become vigilant.

"What the hell are you? "Where is it?" Chen Xiang took out the Heavenly magic sword s and looked around.

"Hehe, I am Time Ghost, and this is my tomb, welcome." The voice chuckled. It sounded magnetic.

"Time Ghost?" Chen Xiang was puzzled.

"When I was alive, I was a person who knew how to control the laws of time. Although I died, I could still control the laws of time, but only in this tomb, and I needed enough Dao crystal!" The Time Ghost said.

"Tell me the details." Chen Xiang said.

"One billion Dao crystal, buy me one day. You will be staying here for one day, but outside, only two hours have passed." Time Ghost said: "If you need more time, this is a good opportunity for you."

"One billion a day, it doesn’t seem too expensive!" Chen Xiang really needed this time, because he was only in the early stages of Six Gods Stage, and he would break through to the middle stages very soon.

If he could step into the middle stage and meet Zhao Kunxin’s group again, he wouldn’t have to run anymore and would be able to fight against them directly.

"Alright, I’ll buy it for ten days!" Chen Xiang said. Only twenty hours had passed outside of the ten days.

Ten days was not a long time for Chen Xiang. He only needed to put nine billion Dao crystal into the storage ring on that door.