Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

When Chen Xiang approached, he didn’t expect that the ones fighting would be the Yuan Shi Tao School’s disciples, which meant it was Gu Qingtian, the five young genius disciples: the Murong Brothers, Zhao Yunqiao, and Liang Jinjun.

"Zhao Kunxin, you are all dignified disciples of the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect. To enter such a despicable place, it would be akin to killing someone and stealing their possessions." Gu Qingtian scolded. There were only five people on his side, but Zhao Kunxin and his group only had a little more than 10 people, their abilities far exceeded Gu Qingtian and the rest.

"Didn’t these guys know to be on guard when they came in?" If you can’t beat him, you can run! " They were all injured. If they continued to fight, they would only end up getting killed by Zhao Kunxin in the end. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"It’s all of you who refused a toast to a drink. You had to hand over the Flight rule beads, yet you refused to hand it over. You are courting death. Who can you blame?"

Zhao Kunxin still argued back and forth while laughing sinisterly. He and a few late stage Six Gods Stage did not participate in the battle and only watched from the side.

"Also, you guys have a pretty good relationship with this Chen Xiang guy, so no matter what, you won’t be able to escape today. Rest assured, I will definitely send Chen Xiang to accompany all of you. "

Hearing this, the anger in Chen Xiang’s heart surged. He anxiously rushed over, stealthily came behind Zhao Kunxin, took out his Heavenly magic sword, and hacked towards Zhao Kunxin and the rest.

With a swoosh, Chen Xiang quietly swept out with his sword. In the blink of an eye, five to one days passed. The head fell to the ground, blood flowing out from its neck!

Chen Xiang’s sneak attack succeeded, five of the late stage Six Gods Stage s had their heads chopped off by him, but Zhao Kunxin’s head did not fall down, because he seemed to have a very strong defensive treasure, blocking the Sword Qi that Chen Xiang had chopped at him.

Zhao Kunxin was originally enjoying watching the show, but then he was suddenly drenched in blood all over. He suddenly looked around, only to see that the heads of the few late stage Six Gods Stage s beside him had all been chopped off.

The people who were fighting with Gu Qingtian and the others also noticed the situation, and just as they were about to come over, they realized that there were water vines under their feet, wrapping around them, preventing them from moving.

The Six Gods Stage that attacked Gu Qingtian was only at the early stage. Chen Xiang was already at the middle stage of the Six Gods Stage, so dealing with these people was still very easy.

Seeing these enemies in front of him being unable to move, although Gu Qingtian was also extremely terrified, but his heart was more filled with rage. He suddenly waved the long blade in his hand, aimed at a single person, and cut them into two.

Seeing that, Murong Jin and the rest also took action, killing all the people who surrounded them!

Zhao Kunxin was stupefied, he was stupefied, his heart was filled with fear, just when he was about to capture Gu Qingtian and the rest, he did not expect such a strange thing to happen.

Chen Xiang had already brandished his Heavenly magic sword, and with an extremely fast speed, pierced towards Zhao Kunxin, in an attempt to kill him. But who knew that when his Heavenly magic sword pierced towards Zhao Kunxin, it was blocked by an extremely strong force.

"Zhao Kunxin!" Gu Qingtian’s eyes were also red as he rushed towards Zhao Kunxin.

Zhao Kunxin reacted, he did not know what he did, but his body suddenly flickered with an extremely strong white light, and after a few moments the white light disappeared, and Zhao Kunxin followed the white light and disappeared.

"What’s going on? Where are you! " Gu Qingtian was about to get close to him, but Zhao Kunxin suddenly disappeared.

Chen Xiang never thought that Zhao Kunxin would have so many defensive divine tools on his body. The last time he fought with Zhao Kunxin, he had never seen Zhao Kunxin use these divine tools before.

"Could it be that this fellow’s seniors were worried that he would die and so they asked him to bring a lot of defensive divine tools with him?" Chen Xiang closed his eyes, sensing the remnant spatial fluctuations. A moment ago, a divine artifact on Zhao Kunxin’s body activated the spatial energy, teleporting him away ...

"I really didn’t expect there to be such a spatial divine artifact. It can teleport us for a short period of time at a critical moment and avoid danger." Chen Xiang had already sensed Zhao Kunxin and immediately teleported there.

Zhao Kunxin was in a fork in the road, gasping for breath, he used the Escaping Divine Equipment, consuming a large amount of Dao energy, his body was extremely tired.

He did not expect that he would run into the few dangers of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, and he could feel the killing intent just now!

"This is really strange. I almost succeeded, and I ended up getting involved in something like this!" Zhao Kunxin ruthlessly smashed on the wall, only to discover that his fist had been caught.

This scared Zhao Kunxin and made him shout out loud!

"Zhao Kunxin, I never thought you would be afraid too!" Chen Xiang laughed, and revealed his true form.

Seeing that it was Chen Xiang, Zhao Kunxin immediately understood what had happened just now. It was actually Chen Xiang who did it!

"Shen ... Chen Xiang! " At this time, Zhao Kunxin acted like he had seen a ghost. He knew that the enmity he had with Chen Xiang was something that he had chased after and killed after him ever since he entered the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

He did not expect Chen Xiang to have made a breakthrough!

Zhao Kunxin had already been unable to defeat Chen Xiang previously, so there was no need to mention the fact that he had already achieved a breakthrough.

"That’s right, it’s me! Your entire team has been wiped out and you’re the only one left. Don’t you feel lonely? " Chen Xiang laughed, and suddenly used all of his strength to shatter Zhao Kunxin’s fist.

Zhao Kunxin screamed in pain. He hated the person in front of him the most and wanted to kill him the most, but now he had fallen into his opponent’s hands and was being ravaged.

"Don’t kill me, don’t kill me, I don’t want to die, let me go, I’m wrong, I’m just trash, I’m just an animal, don’t lower yourself to me."

Zhao Kunxin could clearly see the situation at hand, and anxiously begged for mercy.

"You’ve targeted me time and time again. How can I just let you go like this?" Chen Xiang gave Zhao Kunxin a few slaps with his palms, causing his face to turn red and swollen black.

Zhao Kunxin screamed in pain again and again, and scolded in a sinister manner: "Chen Xiang, you shall die a horrible death. Our Zhao Clan has an ancestor, if I die, he will definitely find you and help me take revenge."

"Don’t worry. If he comes to me for revenge, he will be the same as you right now. He will be captured by me, beaten up, then killed." Chen Xiang mocked a few times, then punched and kicked Zhao Kunxin again.

Zhao Kunxin was extremely mischievous and could not bear the suffering. After being ravaged by Chen Xiang like this, he obediently handed over many Dao crystal, as well as the things they obtained from entering.

"There are only tens of billions of Dao crystal, that’s too little!" In Chen Xiang’s eyes, this was indeed very rare, but to the disciples of many families, it was an extremely large number.

"Chen Xiang, you bastard!" Zhao Kunxin spat out a mouthful of blood and cursed: "I’ll give you one last chance, if you kill me, you will die a horrible death! Once I die, I will use one of my life’s divine tools to teleport what you have done to me to my Zhao Clan’s Elder. "