Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Earlier, Chen Xiang had discovered that Zhao Kunxin had indeed fused with a pretty good spatial divine tool, which possessed spatial strength. It had been in a state of activity since a moment ago, so what Zhao Kunxin said should be true.

"I think that you have already passed it down to the elders of your Zhao Clan." Chen Xiang sneered, he had a rather good understanding of these spatial divine tools.

"No!" When Zhao Kunxin was speaking, his eyes flickered; clearly, he was speaking.

"Since I have beat you up so badly, even if I let you go, your Zhao Clan will not rest until we are dead. I might as well just get rid of you." Chen Xiang laughed: "Walk well, I will send you on your way!"

When Zhao Kunxin saw that Chen Xiang’s killing intent was set in stone, his body shook and trembled violently. The fear of death was extremely scary to him.

Just as Zhao Kunxin wanted to shout, Chen Xiang’s quick sword had already slashed over, the Heavenly magic sword that was releasing divine fire cut him into pieces with a ’shua’ sound.

"Looks like I won’t be able to go to Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect in the future. Fine, if this trip of Myriad Tao Mausoleum goes smoothly, I don’t need to stay in Divine Wasteland at all."

Chen Xiang missed his family and friends in the Natural Law World a lot. After killing Zhao Kunxin, he rushed back to the main road, he wanted to go to the middle of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum to take a look at the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall s’ techniques.

Returning back to the largest passage, Chen Xiang sped up his footsteps and rushed forward madly.

The center of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum made him very curious, especially because there was a Heavenly Alchemy stone wall there, and the last part of the Heavenly Alchemy was on the stone wall.

Although the last step was extremely difficult to learn, Chen Xiang still wanted to take a look.

However, as he was running, he was suddenly startled by an extremely strong spatial wave.

When he came to the Divine Wasteland, he very rarely met with spatial energy of this level.

This was a very strong power of space. After Chen Xiang was enveloped by the power of space, a flash of white light appeared in front of him, and then he arrived at a place filled with trees.

"Where is this place?" Chen Xiang took in a deep breath. The air inside was unexpectedly very fresh, possessing the smell of nature, it didn’t seem like a dead Myriad Tao Mausoleum at all.

It was surrounded by Evergreen Ancient Tree. The tree trunk was huge, and there were many vines wrapped around it. There were many complex and thick roots wrapped around the tree, causing it to look very old.

Originally, he was in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, but he suddenly came to a forest, which made Chen Xiang puzzled.

The weather was good, and the sun shone in, brightening up the forest.

When Chen Xiang was looking around, he sensed auras coming from all directions, so he immediately walked over quickly. In order to ensure his safety, he used invisibility!

What surprised him was that he was not the only one who entered this place, many other Six Gods Stage s were also present. He saw a few Six Gods Stage disciples present, who were also Zhao Clan s.

"Could it be that all of the Six Gods Stage have come here? Just like me, they also sensed an aura? " Chen Xiang asked curiously, as he quickly rushed to the place where the Qi was being released.

Soon, he arrived. What was emitting his aura was a large black box. This box was located in a spacious area in the forest.

At this time, many people were near the big box, and they were all from Four Great Divine Sects and his people. All of them were at Six Gods Stage’s level of cultivation.

Everyone was discussing in low voices. They were all extremely surprised to be suddenly here. What was the reason that caused this? None of them knew.

"My friends, you have come from far away to participate in this game. Thank you very much." A voice came from mid air, but Chen Xiang could not see nor sense any of the people, so he did not sense it, but the person who spoke was powerful, and had transmitted over here from another space.

"Who are you?" A big fellow shouted, "We are returning to the Myriad Tao Mausoleum!"

"This is the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, but you have moved to a different area. Welcome to the Abyssal Blue Profound Sea in the middle of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, this is a small island on the Abyssal Blue Profound Sea." The voice laughed: "As long as you participate in this game, it is possible to obtain a large number of Dao crystal, the most you can get is a trillion!"

"Is this true?" The big man asked happily.

But the condition is that everyone has to participate. If anyone refuses to participate, you must kill that person. You can just call me Lan Hong Tao Priest.

The voice of the Lan Hong Tao Priest was very kind, and also laughed, giving off a sense of righteousness.

"Right, there’s still one more person hiding here. Hurry up and get him out, otherwise the game will not start." The Lan Hong Tao Priest said again.

The person Lan Hong Tao Priest was talking about was Chen Xiang!

Suddenly coming to this damned place, what game was he going to participate in? In order to understand what was going on, he had to appear.

Seeing that someone had suddenly appeared, everyone could not help but take a deep breath. It was Chen Xiang, and they did not know it.

There were many people who recognized Chen Xiang, especially the people from Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect!

"Alright, now that everyone’s here, let’s begin! There are many holes in the black box, so you guys can reach into the hole and grab a bead. When you guys get the bead, I’ll tell you guys what to do next! " The Lan Hong Tao Priest said.

Everyone immediately walked over and surrounded the large black box. They reached into the small hole inside and pulled out a purple bead.

There were a total of one thousand and three hundred people. Everyone was in an orderly manner and they all quickly obtained a small purple bead. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"Alright, I’ll tell you the rules of the game now!" The purple pearls that you have obtained have all fused with you. Once you all die, the pearls will become ownerless pearls. " Lan Hong Tao Priest said, "When these purple pearls are complete, their color will change into black and white."

"There are only thirteen black of them, the rest are all white! If he killed the person holding the black pearl and took it, he would be able to obtain the hundred billion Dao crystal. Those who have the black pearl cannot kill their own kind. Those who have the black pearl are your own kind! Of course, if you kill a person with a white bead and get their ownerless white bead, you can earn a billion Dao crystal in exchange. The more you kill, the more you get. "

Hearing the rules of the Lan Hong Tao Priest, everyone’s heart shook, they actually wanted to kill each other!

"What if I don’t kill him?" Chen Xiang said.

"It doesn’t matter if you don’t kill them. You can leave here in a month anyway. If you don’t want to kill them, you can choose to hide and wait until the game ends." The Lan Hong Tao Priest laughed: "How many Dao crystal you can obtain in this game all depends on you guys. Now I will begin to change the color of the purple pearls in your hands!"

After Lan Hong Tao Priest finished speaking, the purple pearl in everyone’s hands suddenly flashed with red light, and after the red light disappeared, the color changed!

Chen Xiang looked at the pearl in his hand, and actually emitted waves of strange black light. Even though he was tightly holding it in his hand, the black pearl kept emitting black light, and he was unable to place it inside his storage space and Divine Sense Sea.