Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

There were only thirteen people who had obtained the black beads. The black beads in their hands shone with a black light, and it was quickly remembered by someone!

"Hehe, don’t throw away the pearl in your hands. The person who finds it can track the owner of the pearl based on its location. This is very dangerous." The Lan Hong Tao Priest laughed. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"Bastard!" Chen Xiang couldn’t help but curse in a low voice as he stuffed the bead back into his clothes, yet it still flickered with a black light.

To his surprise, even if he went into stealth, the bead would still be able to glow with that strange black light.

Chen Xiang did not participate in the game for the sake of the Dao crystal, he did not lack Dao crystal now. He just wanted to return to the passageway quickly and head towards the middle of Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

How could he have known that this game had such lousy rules, letting a large group of people chase after him!

At this time, those who had obtained the black pearl were all feeling the same as Chen Xiang, extremely angry. Other than Chen Xiang, the others who had the black pearl were all very worried.

"The game starts now. Why aren’t you running away from the black pearl? Are you waiting for death here? " Seeing that no one was moving, the Lan Hong Tao Priest hurried them.

Just when everyone was indifferent, a middle-aged man suddenly appeared in front of an old man with a black bead in the blink of an eye. Just when everyone was indifferent, a middle-aged man suddenly moved in front of an old man with a black bead in the blink of an eye.

He picked it up. One? Ben? Read? The novel’s black pearl said: "I have already obtained a black pearl, where is my Dao crystal?"

Just as he finished speaking, the black pearl disappeared and an Storage bag appeared in his hand.

"There is indeed a hundred billion, haha ..." The middle-aged man laughed maniacally and immediately charged towards the other people with black beads in their hands. Then, some of the greedy people also started to kill.

"This guy is from Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect, the person he killed just now is from Heaven’s Mandate Divine Sects. Everyone must be careful, don’t offend the other Divine Sects." It was unknown who was the person who spoke, but in short, it was someone with a white bead in his hand. They were considered the safest.

Chen Xiang realized that the people who received the black pearl were not weak. Seeing the group of greedy fellows rushing towards them, they all jumped and ran in different directions.

Of course, they remembered these people who wanted to kill them. After the game was over, if they were still alive, they would definitely not let this bunch of white pearl people who wanted to kill them get away.

Chen Xiang was the fastest as he left this place after a few moves. However, he discovered that the black pearl was extremely strange and was continuously releasing aura fluctuations. It was clear that it was attracting people over here and he was unable to hide it at all.

Chen Xiang held the black pearl in his hand, and could clearly feel the movement of the white pearl, at this time a few people rushed towards him.

"If these people want to kill me, then I won’t be polite. No matter who they are, as long as they want to kill me, they will be killed." Chen Xiang took out the Heavenly magic sword, but he was not invisible at the moment, so even invisibility was useless, the black pearl on his body continued to flash with a black light.

"That bastard Lan Hong Tao Priest wants to kill me. Please don’t let me meet you." Chen Xiang really hated the people who planned this game.

Originally, he wanted to hurry up and head to the middle of Myriad Tao Mausoleum, but this guy suddenly pulled him here to play this deadly game.

Chen Xiang was not afraid of battle, there were many in the late stage of Six Gods Stage here, but they were nothing to the current him, because his cultivation was at the middle stage of Six Gods Stage and he had opened up all the profound doors, so even if he did not go all out, killing those in the late stage of Six Gods Stage would not be a problem.

"It’s from Zhao Clan!" Chen Xiang recognized him instantly. "The guy raised by the Zhao Clan is that greedy!"

When Chen Xiang saw that the other party had disappeared, he immediately teleported over. The man was shocked, and immediately became alert.

But Chen Xiang actually appeared behind him, and by the time he had reacted to it, he had already been cut in half by Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword.

"Bastard, you want to kill this old man? inter-