Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was not easy to kill, and everyone knew about this. That was why the people from the Zhao Clan went forward and thought that with just a few people, they could kill Chen Xiang, but they didn’t expect that Chen Xiang was already in the middle stage of the Six Gods Stage, making dealing with them easy.

With the black pearl, he would attract many greedy people. Chen Xiang no longer planned to hide everywhere, but decided to stay here and wait for the person who wanted to kill him.

Only the Six Gods Stage would be teleported here. As long as there were no Tai Zun realm s, Chen Xiang would be fearless. Even if the Tai Zun realm attacked him, he would be able to escape. And for those of the late stage of Six Gods Stage, there would only be death.

Greed could make people take risks. Many people would bet that they could kill the person who had the black pearl and earn billions of Dao crystal.

But, most of these people were dead, and were all killed by Chen Xiang!

As long as the other people with the black pearl could sense that someone was nearby, they would immediately flee. It was very difficult to find them.

But Chen Xiang was different. Chen Xiang was just waiting at one place, killing as many as he came!

The middle-aged Zhao Clan who had obtained hundreds of billions of Dao crystal was also killed by Chen Xiang.

Most people did not know that it was Chen Xiang. They only knew that it was someone with a black pearl who could obtain a trillion after killing the beast, but it was already too late when they got close.

The moment Chen Xiang discovered that someone was approaching, that person would be deemed to be the one who came to kill him.

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]

The Slaughter game had finally ended, and the forest had experienced many battles, but it seemed so quiet. Many people were killed here, but the forest still looked lively, as if the dead could bring life to the forest. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Chen Xiang had killed a total of three hundred white bead people, and all of them were here to kill him. He did not know what kind of sect they were from, but whoever came to kill him would definitely die.

In this game, he was undoubtedly the biggest winner, with a total of 400 billion Dao crystal!

"The game is over. You can go back now!" Lan Hong Tao Priest laughed out loud. "You guys should be enjoying yourselves, if there’s a chance next time, I’ll invite you guys to participate in the competition. Goodbye!"

Everyone was elated as they waited for the transmission to complete. After a while, a white light flashed from their bodies and was sucked away by the power of space.

Chen Xiang felt the power of the spatial energy and suspected that the Lan Hong Tao Priest was controlling the power of spatial energy!

Lan Hong Tao Priest’s strength was actually this strong, his control over the use of spatial energy had also reached an extremely high realm.

However, just when Chen Xiang thought that he could return to the main road, he realised that he was on an even smaller island.

There could only be one house on this island, and he could see it all in one glance.

There wasn’t even anything on the bare island, so Chen Xiang shouted, "Lan Hong Tao Priest, didn’t you say that you can let me go back now? "How did you get me here?"

When they came here before, Lan Hong Tao Priest had said that this place was called the Unique Blue Profound Sea. Chen Xiang looked around at the deep blue ocean surface of the ocean and thought that this place was indeed very strange, but it was definitely within Myriad Tao Mausoleum. "They can go back, but you can’t!" The voice of the Lan Hong Tao Priest appeared behind his body. Chen Xiang turned around and saw an old man with blue hair, blue robe and blue beard.

Seeing Lan Hong Tao Priest, Chen Xiang couldn’t help but jump in fright. This was the first time he had seen someone like this, especially those weird blue haired, blue bearded, blue brows ... His eyes were blue.

Chen Xiang felt that this Lan Hong Tao Priest might even have blue blood!

"You are Lan Hong Tao Priest? What exactly did you bring me here for? " Chen Xiang asked, he could not see the cultivation level of the Lan Hong Tao Priest, but he felt fear in his heart, although the Lan Hong Tao Priest looked strange, he was actually very strong.

"You little rascal, you’re quite a good seed. I’m going to take you in as my disciple." Lan Hong Tao Priest cackled, his laughter was crafty.

"What if I don’t want to?" Chen Xiang did not have a good impression of the Lan Hong Tao Priest, he must be an evil person to be able to create such a brutal scene like a killing game.

"If you don’t want to, you have to die! I know very well what tricks you have up your sleeve, don’t think you can escape. " Lan Hong Tao Priest snickered.

"What’s so good about being your disciple?" Chen Xiang asked: "Right now, I have a very important matter, I don’t know if you can help me."

"There are definitely benefits, what important things do you have to do in this Myriad Tao Mausoleum? "Don’t tell me you’re going to pick things up in here." Lan Hong Tao Priest chuckled: "As long as you acknowledge me as your master, sign a blood contract with me and become my disciple, I can give you anything you want."

was even more unwilling to acknowledge Yun Che as his master since they had to sign a blood contract. He had only intended to pretend to be his disciple in the first place before finding an opportunity to escape.

"I need to go to the center of Myriad Tao Mausoleum, there is a very precious thing there! Can you take me with you? If you can bring me there, it means that you have sufficient strength. That’s why I am willing to be your disciple. " Chen Xiang guessed that the middle Myriad Tao Mausoleum was very scary.

Sure enough, he saw Lan Hong Tao Priest’s expression change slightly, and he confirmed that Lan Hong Tao Priest was extremely terrified of that place.

"About this..." Lan Hong Tao Priest hesitated, that place was truly dangerous for him, he himself had to consider it carefully, not to mention that he would need to bring Chen Xiang along.

"What’s important in there to get?" Lan Hong Tao Priest had seen Chen Xiang’s methods before, with his cultivation, he could see through Chen Xiang’s potential even more.

So he knew that Chen Xiang was very mysterious. There must be something in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum that was trying to attract Chen Xiang!

Lan Hong Tao Priest had also been in Myriad Tao Mausoleum for a long time. He was very clear that many of the people who had just arrived did not understand much about the Myriad Tao Mausoleum and did not know about the mysterious and terrifying region in the middle of Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

"I don’t know what my Heavenly Alchemy Venerable Ancestor left in there all those years ago, so I can only find out when we get there! I have the Heavenly Alchemy soul, so as long as I go there, I will be able to sense it. " Chen Xiang quickly made up a lie.

Before, when the Lan Hong Tao Priest was observing the battle, he had already felt the Heavenly Alchemy immortal power on Chen Xiang’s body. At that time, he had also felt very surprised that there was actually someone who had fused the Heavenly Alchemy soul into their body.

The people inside the Myriad Tao Mausoleum were rather familiar with the Four Great Divine Sects. After all, the Four Great Divine Sects had built a part of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum back then.

"Fine, I’ll bring you there. Once you arrive, you will willingly acknowledge me as your master." Lan Hong Tao Priest considered for a moment before agreeing to Chen Xiang’s request.

Chen Xiang nodded his head, a blue light flashed on Lan Hong Tao Priest’s body, causing Chen Xiang’s eyes to hurt from the blue light, his vision becoming completely blue.

After the blue light disappeared, he looked around and actually returned to the wide passage.

"I hate this place." The Lan Hong Tao Priest snorted, then fiercely grabbed onto Chen Xiang’s shoulders and said: "I can bring you to the center of the competition very quickly. As long as you can get there, you will have to acknowledge me as your master.