Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The Lan Hong Tao Priest grabbed Chen Xiang’s shoulder tightly and used the power of space, wasting his time in this passage. It was just as Chen Xiang had guessed before, the Lan Hong Tao Priest was able to use the extremely strong power of space!

"Just what is this guy’s cultivation level?" The use of the power of space has already reached the acme of perfection. Then, what kind of place was that strange blue profound sea from before? " Chen Xiang was confused.

When Lan Hong Tao Priest brought Chen Xiang on the journey, he did not forget to hide. Although Lan Hong Tao Priest was strong, he was still afraid of something here. Chen Xiang could feel that after Lan Hong Tao Priest entered the tunnel, he seemed to be afraid of something.

"Could it be that he’s worried about encountering danger entering the Myriad Tao Mausoleum? This fellow is so afraid to enter the heart of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, just why is he doing this? " Chen Xiang could only think that he did not get an answer.

An hour later, the Lan Hong Tao Priest brought Chen Xiang to the end of the passage. The lens of the passage was a white light screen, and it was clear that as long as they entered the light screen, they would be able to reach the center of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

Lan Hong Tao Priest stood in front of the light screen and did not immediately go in. It was as if he was making a difficult decision.

"What is it? Is there something in there that you’re afraid of? " Chen Xiang laughed: Isn’t the power of space very strong? Logically speaking, you shouldn’t have to be afraid of anything. "

"Humph!" Lan Hong Tao Priest felt Chen Xiang’s contempt for him and felt extremely uncomfortable in his heart. After he let out a cold snort, he brought Chen Xiang and stepped into the white light curtain.

After entering the white light screen, Chen Xiang immediately heard the chirping of birds. It was extremely lively.

What appeared in front of him was not a dark and gloomy scene, but a garden with hundreds of flowers blooming in the sun. There were many birds perched on the branches of the trees, cheerfully jumping and jumping, and there were many colorful and beautiful flowers under the trees.

"Is this the center of Myriad Tao Mausoleum?" Chen Xiang found it hard to believe that the center of this mysterious and terrifying Myriad Tao Mausoleum was actually such a beautiful scenery.

"Not bad, you can acknowledge me as your master now!" The Lan Hong Tao Priest said.

"But... I have yet to confirm if this is the middle of Myriad Tao Mausoleum. " Chen Xiang said: "Maybe it was you who brought me into some space? How easy it is for you to use space so well! "

"Why would I lie to you? This is the center of Myriad Tao Mausoleum, although it looks beautiful, but here it’s very scary. " Lan Hong Tao Priest said, "Hurry up and acknowledge me as your master!"

Just as he finished speaking, Chen Xiang had suddenly disappeared. Chen Xiang used all of his spatial energy and discovered that he was actually unable to teleport, but he was still able to escape at an extremely fast speed.

Seeing Chen Xiang running away, Lan Hong Tao Priest immediately scolded him and chased after him.

Chen Xiang suddenly understood what the Lan Hong Tao Priest was afraid of, because teleportation was not allowed in this place, it was the energy that the Lan Hong Tao Priest relied on the most.

He never thought that Chen Xiang would actually be this cunning. He originally thought that if Chen Xiang was unable to use his spatial energy, it would be easy to chase after.

But after chasing for a while, Lan Hong Tao Priest knew that it was not easy. It was mainly because Chen Xiang knew how to use invisibility, and after invisibility, Lan Hong Tao Priest needed to concentrate his spirit to sense Chen Xiang, but after sensing it, Chen Xiang ran a distance.

"This old bastard is actually able to sense me after I’ve become invisible. He’s quite amazing. If this goes on, I won’t be able to do anything and will definitely be caught by him." Chen Xiang immediately changed his direction again. Lan Hong Tao Priest was not able to continuously sense where he was, especially after he changed his direction.

After half an hour, Lan Hong Tao Priest was gradually familiarizing himself with the hidden Chen Xiang. Even if Chen Xiang suddenly changed his direction, he could still continue to sense where Chen Xiang was.

"Don’t even think about escaping!" Lan Hong Tao Priest increased his speed, his hand shot out a ball of blue light that struck Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang’s back was hit by the ball of blue light, and there was an aching pain, making him cry out involuntarily. What made him unbearable was, after the pain drilled into the inside of his body, it actually swelled up, wanting to push his body apart, causing his body to swell uncomfortably.

"Bastard!" Chen Xiang suddenly jumped into the air and released the Heavenly Alchemy immortal power, forcing out all of the energy that entered his body.

"Heavenly Alchemy seal, go!" Chen Xiang took out the Heavenly Alchemy seal that the Bat Super Venerable had given him and smashed down onto the Lan Hong Tao Priest below.

The seal of the Heavenly Alchemy seal lit up with a very big word, ’refined’. It burned with a raging fire, Heavenly Alchemy immortal power released waves of sound, and in the next moment, it struck the ground and destroyed a large area of trees and flowers. The ground was scorched black.

Lan Hong Tao Priest who was attacked by Chen Xiang had his entire body burnt black, but he was completely fine when he got up.

"Bastard, you’re courting death." The Lan Hong Tao Priest was very angry. His body turned into a blue rainbow, flew up from the ground, and smashed into Chen Xiang’s body.

Chen Xiang was not in time to dodge, he was struck by the blue rainbow, his body felt like it was about to explode, and he was also sent flying. At this time, his body was still wrapped in blue flames, and waves after waves of searing pain hit him, causing Chen Xiang to scream in pain.

Lan Hong Tao Priest was after all a middle stage Tai Zun realm, and it was countless times stronger than Chen Xiang. Even if the Lan Hong Tao Priest held back, when Chen Xiang received an attack, he would definitely be severely injured.

"Little thing, do you really think that my Lan Hong Tao Priest is that easy to deal with?" Lan Hong Tao Priest laughed coldly and walked towards Chen Xiang.

Just as Lan Hong Tao Priest took two steps forward, his expression changed. He saw a purple net suddenly appear, trapping him inside. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Lan Hong Tao Priest immediately struggled, a blue light flashed on his body, and the blue flames continuously ignited, releasing wave after wave of boiling hot Qi.

However, the Lan Hong Tao Priest was unable to break free from this huge net.

"Hmph, Azure Blood Tribe member, you won’t be able to escape. This is a Purple Deity’s Net that is meant for Blue Blood Pigs." The one speaking was a man wearing purple clothes with a head of elegant purple hair. He slowly descended and slightly waved his hand, putting the purple net away into a purple box.

The Lan Hong Tao Priest was also taken in.

The purple-haired man saw the blue flames burning in the distance. He lightly swept over and arrived beside Chen Xiang, who was currently being set ablaze by the blue flames.

"He should not be able to live anymore. Truly a fellow who doesn’t know his own limits. He only has the cultivation of Six Gods Stage, but he wants to provoke a Blue Blood Boar in the middle stage of the Tai Zun realm. He deserves to be killed." The purple-haired man floated into the air and then muttered to himself, "This person is a blood man, I’ll send him off!"

With that, the purple-haired man threw a palm at Chen Xiang, which instantly flashed with purple light, causing the palm to hit the ground, causing a large piece of dirt to fly out. With a burst of purple gale, Chen Xiang disappeared.

After the purple-haired man left, Chen Xiang slowly crawled back up. His body was already burnt black.

"This bastard, I’ll remember you. Don’t let me meet you!" Chen Xiang looked in the direction the purple-haired man disappeared in and took a deep breath.

When the purple-haired man attacked, he immediately hid inside the Chuangshi god furnace. Although the Chuangshi god furnace was powerful, but after being hit by the palm, its entire body had cracked and it had suffered severe injuries.