Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had previously heard from Time Ghost that the people being held by the Myriad Tao Mausoleum were all very powerful.

However, the question was, who was it that had imprisoned him here?

"Because of the jade of their bloodline, the Blood Race is divided into different grades. Amongst them, gold, purple, white, and black are the four most powerful bloodline races. As for the other colors, their blood is about the same. Feng Xue Nan was extremely confused: "Therefore, every time we see them, we would avoid them from afar."

"Why did they want to kill you?" Chen Xiang was confused by this, the last time Lan Hong Tao Priest was seen by Purple Blood Man, they were all taken away.

"Right now, the purple, gold, white, and black races are the strongest, and the other blood-red races are all going to become their slaves. We were unwilling, so we decided to leave and form a small race. "That’s why once we go out and are discovered by those violet-gold people, we aren’t captured. We are killed because we are all seen by them as fleeing slaves." Feng Xue Nan sighed sorrowfully.

Purple, gold, white and black, these four blood-colored races were actually so powerful. Even someone like the Lan Hong Tao Priest was only a slave!

"Myriad Tao Mausoleum is really scary! Other than the four races, are there any other powerful forces? " Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course! The Divine Ghost Empire was one of the stronger empires here. Even the purple, gold, white, and black empires did not dare to provoke them. Even if the Divine Ghost Empire’s Ghost Emperor was in deep sleep, no one would dare to enter their territory! and then kill the Flying Dragon Ghost Realm. This is an extremely terrifying place, filled with dragons and very, very powerful. "

"And then we saw that the White Bones Imperial was filled with a group of white skeletons, the most evil ones, and also extremely powerful. However, it was quite far from us, and in the middle of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, we are called the Colorful Forest, the most beautiful place."

When Chen Xiang came in, he was also surprised by the beauty of the place, but he didn’t expect that there would also be an extremely cruel law of survival here.

"Feng Xue Nan, have you heard of the Natural Law Divine Lord’s matter?" Chen Xiang asked. Originally, he only wanted to test his luck to see if this Natural Law Divine Lord was famous here.

He calls himself the Natural Law Divine Lord and is also called the Heavenly Law Bone King. He is rather special, when he first came in he was in the Divine Ghost Empire, and after he was assigned the Divine Ghost Empire to enter the White Bones Imperial, where he trained in the White Bone Method, and became the White Bone King. He is very powerful.

This Natural Law Divine Lord actually had such a position!

"Then what kind of strength is it?" Chen Xiang had previously estimated that the Natural Law Divine Lord was a Tai Zun realm, but now it seemed that it was definitely not what he had imagined.

"It’s said that he’s from the Venerable ancestor realm, I’m not sure either!" Feng Xue Nan shook his head: "In the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, out of the four forces, only Divine Ghost Imperial Country is a blood person like you, and the others are not."

In the two tunnels, the Time Ghost had once mentioned the Ghost Emperor.

"Why are there so many powerful people locked up in Myriad Tao Mausoleum? What are they doing?" Chen Xiang asked. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"Some were attracted here while others were locked in here from the very beginning. In short, there are many strong fellows who are unable to leave this place. This is all for the sake of stability outside!" Feng Xue Nan said: "I heard that as long as it’s an expert outside, they will definitely come to this place and be locked inside. It will be very difficult to leave this place."

"As for whether it is true or not, I am not sure. But there are a lot of experts who are unable to leave, but there are also some who can leave.

The Heavenly Alchemy Venerable Ancestor had been here many times, and Chen Xiang had heard the Great Clan Elder say that it was true.

On the other hand, Natural Law Divine Lord only imprisoned him once and that was indeed strange. Chen Xiang suspected that Myriad Tao Mausoleum would only imprison some evil people to prevent them from disturbing the outside world.

"Then do you know where the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall are?" Chen Xiang had originally wanted to look for the Natural Law Divine Lord, but after knowing that the Natural Law Divine Lord was powerful, he immediately gave up on that idea. He couldn’t even beat a Tai Zun realm Purple Blood Man, much less a White Bones Imperial’s White Bone King.

Therefore, going to the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall now was the most important thing for Chen Xiang. Learning the Heavenly Alchemy on the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall would increase his own strength.

"Heavenly Alchemy stone wall? Of course I know that there aren’t many people in Myriad Tao Mausoleum who don’t know about the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall. It’s a very famous place, but it’s also very dangerous, and many people die there every day. When Feng Xue Nan talked about Heavenly Alchemy stone wall, he also felt a bit of fear: "Big Brother, where are you going?"

"Well, can you tell me how to get there?" Chen Xiang had already known that Heavenly Alchemy stone wall were not simple. Now that Feng Xue Nan had said this, he had a deeper understanding of Heavenly Alchemy stone wall s.

Many people died there. It was clear that they went there to learn the Heavenly Alchemy. However, they did not learn it.

"Of course you can, but big brother you must be careful, without your cultivation level in the Tai Zun realm, heading to the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall will not be a good thing." After that, he took out a map and indicated a general direction.

The only thing on the map was the Colorful Forest, and in the middle of the Colorful Forest was a seven-colored river. Following the directions of the seven-colored river’s flow, one would be able to reach the area where the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall resided, and the seven-colored river’s end was very close to the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall.

Chen Xiang left Feng Xue Nan’s underground room and used his fastest speed to head towards the Rainbow River. At this time, he had an even greater yearning towards the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall, and he didn’t know why he suddenly become so fanatical. It was probably because the Heavenly Alchemy soul in his body had affected him.

A day passed, and Chen Xiang finally saw the Rainbow River. The river water of the Rainbow River wasn’t of seven colors, but under the sunlight, it looked like a rainbow from high up in the sky. When the river fell, the water was clear and colorless.

The river flowed very slowly, and the water was very clear. One could occasionally see many fish swimming in groups within the river. These fish swam in groups. Each group had a different color. This was also a beautiful scene within the river.

After Chen Xiang became invisible, he quickly followed the flow of the river and flew towards the end of the Rainbow River, where the legendary Heavenly Alchemy stone wall would appear!