Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang could no longer see the Purple Blood Man, but the presence they left behind was still floating above the Rainbow River. Chen Xiang increased his speed and flew above the Rainbow River, he was already impatient to head to the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall.

Knowing that the Four Great Divine Sects s were all at the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall’s side, Chen Xiang felt more relaxed. This way, when he went to the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall, it would be much safer.

When he was in Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect, he had gained quite a bit of fame. The Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect’s Leader would definitely recognize him, and he felt that the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect’s Leader would take care of him at that time.

The White Bones Imperial was filled with bones, as if everyone in this vast world had died here.

"Why is the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall in the White Bones Imperial?" From beginning to end, Chen Xiang could not believe that all of the people here had died because of the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall. In the White Bones Imperial, any random digging could dig out a human head; it was simply filled with white bones.

Chen Xiang increased his speed and flew. Half a day later, he suddenly saw a piece of green land in front of him.

From time to time, there would be the cries of birds. When they got close, they could smell the strong scent of life, full of vitality, which was out of place for the death aura in the White Bones Imperial. The Rainbow River was also precisely flowing into this oasis.

"Could the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall be inside?" Chen Xiang looked at the four directions outside the oasis. There were many short mountains, and these short mountains were also piled with many white bones.

"Forget it, let’s go in and take a look!" Chen Xiang flew above the Rainbow River and quickly entered the oasis.

The moment he entered the oasis, he felt that the entire oasis seemed to be covered by a barrier. However, the barrier didn’t have any special power; it was just a faint aura.

"What is the use of this Spirit Formation?" Chen Xiang was free to enter and exit at this time, there weren’t any restrictions on the barrier.

Only after entering the oasis did he find out the use of the enchantment. The enchantment could only stop the death aura outside, and at the same time, it also released a dense life force to nourish the oasis and enliven it.

The two banks of the river were the most beautiful, with all kinds of beautiful flowers and herbs. As dusk approached, the flowers and plants here shot out beautiful lights, causing the previously clear river to become colorful.

For a Heavenly Alchemy stone wall to stay in such a beautiful place, Chen Xiang was very familiar with it. He had previously heard that the surrounding area of the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall was filled with corpses.

Late at night, Chen Xiang was flying in the forest. In front of him, he could see a weak golden light and a faint Heavenly Alchemy immortal power coming from it, causing his entire body to tremble!

The Heavenly Alchemy stone wall was right in front of them!

When he got closer, he saw many people along with the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall!

The Heavenly Alchemy stone wall was not that big, it was like the mountain walls of a small mountain, and that small mountain was only the size of an ordinary house.

The only lush green thing on this small mountain was a bare mountain wall, and the bare mountain wall was currently glowing with a golden light.

To be exact, the reason why the stone wall could emit light was because the two words "Heavenly Refining" were glowing!

The Heavenly Alchemy stone wall’s mountain was located on a prairie, but no one approached the prairie. On the contrary, many people were currently sitting cross-legged on the ground outside the prairie, staring at the small mountain.

"Are they all comprehending the Heavenly Alchemy inside the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall?" Chen Xiang slowly descended to the ground. He realized that the people here were all very harmonious, and there weren’t any conflicts.

He searched for the group of Purple Blood Man in the crowd and quickly found them. These Purple Blood Man s were all standing at the edge of the grassland, seemingly discussing something.

"What are they going to do?" Chen Xiang saw that some of the people had also stood up, staring angrily at the group of Purple Blood Man.

Chen Xiang watched from the side and suddenly saw the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect standing up. He had also sat down on the ground and started to comprehend the Heavenly Alchemy seriously!

"Bloodviolet clan, behave yourselves." Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader shouted in a low voice and walked over.

After all, he was a Leader of the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect. As he cultivated in the Heavenly Alchemy, everyone there would be respectful towards him.

"Even though you are a Leader of the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect, the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall is not yours. What do you want me to do?" The purple-haired man sneered: "We are going to go in now and destroy the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall!"

With that, the few powerful Purple Blood Man turned into a red light and rushed towards the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall.

"You bunch of idiots, are Heavenly Alchemy stone wall so easy to destroy?" The Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader did not stop him and stood there sneering.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

After the few Purple Blood Man s rushed over, their strong powers struck the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall, but it only caused a loud explosion. On the other hand, the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall did not sustain any damage.

The most terrifying thing was that the berserk power unleashed by these powerful Purple Blood Man s were actually all absorbed by the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall.

Long before this batch of Purple Blood Man s, there had been many people who had attacked the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall, and the results were the same, unable to shake this mysterious and powerful Heavenly Alchemy stone wall.

Chen Xiang was curious, all of the Purple Blood Man s were only at Supreme Realm, with the strongest being at Late period of Tai Zun realm, while the Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader s were at the Ancestor Realm, so the Purple Blood Man s were not even afraid of the Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader s.

"How exactly do you want to comprehend the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall? Let me take a closer look! " Chen Xiang looked at the word "Heavenly Refining" on the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall.

What shocked him was, even though the Purple Blood Man were continuously attacking the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall, the word "Heavenly Refining" could still clearly be seen from the start. As long as he stared at the two words on the stone wall, everything else would disappear!

Right now, he could no longer see the Purple Blood Man, nor the mountain, nor the lush green grassland. He could no longer see the people around him.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

Suddenly, the word "Heavenly Refining" exploded in front of Chen Xiang’s eyes, causing him to come back to his senses. He looked around, then looked at the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall, and saw that everything was exactly the same.

"Comprehension failed?" Chen Xiang took a deep breath and asked Mei Jing Sisters. Only then did he find out that ten days had passed.

There were more and more people surrounding the grassland, and there were also some people in the grassland. There were more than ten Purple Blood Man s and Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader s inside.

"What are they doing?" Chen Xiang immediately asked a sober old man beside him.

"The revered ancestors of the Purple Blood Clan have come. I wonder what kind of madness they are going through to destroy the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall, but they did not succeed! Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader will go and stop them now. " The old man said, "These guys are really full." Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

The Purple Blood Clan’s ancestor was a purple-haired old man. He was very tall and thin, and a huge ball of purple light condensed in his hand.

"Enough!" If you want to destroy the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall, don’t you want to make the other low leveled races stronger because of the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall? How laughable, to actually enslave another blood-colored race for a lifetime, the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall are unable to be destroyed, and doing so would be useless. "

Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader’s body shook, he opened his palm and a small golden bell appeared. After the small bell rang, a berserk Heavenly Alchemy immortal power shook the bell, shaking the entire world.