Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

After Chen Xiang entered the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall, he thought that he would receive a great harvest. Just when he was extremely excited, he felt a piercing pain all over his body. Access:.

He looked around him. Right now he was in a sea of Fire of Heavenly Alchemy power, and the divine flames here had all sorts of colors, the golden divine flames in them forming long trails. When he walked along this path, the pain was much less.

"It hurts!" Chen Xiang did not take a single step forward, as wave after wave of burning heat entered his body from the bottom of his feet and then rushed up to his head, causing him to almost faint. He only took a dozen steps, and knelt on the ground while holding his head. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Even though he had previously suffered from many kinds of painful experiences and torments, he still couldn’t bear the piercing pain brought by this Heavenly Alchemy immortal power.

This kind of piercing pain would cause him to die and he would collapse. He could only retreat a little at this moment!

As he retreated, there would also be pain. However, he did not move forward like he usually did. He looked at the golden light screen behind him. That should be the door that led to his exit.

"The Great Dao of Heavenly Refining ..." Chen Xiang looked at the four words that appeared in front of him and grinded his teeth, "It’s a pity that I don’t have enough strength to advance right now!"

"I will definitely come back. I will definitely walk all the way to the end!" Chen Xiang could only plan to leave first and try to increase his own strength again. If he went over right now, he would definitely die.

Chen Xiang had no choice but to withdraw at this moment.

After some torture, Chen Xiang finally fell out of the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall, and at this time, he was already covered in wounds.

The moment he came out, Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader immediately flew over, picked him up and placed him into the golden bell.

Chen Xiang did not know what had happened outside after he had entered the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall but his current injuries were extremely serious and he had fallen into a deep sleep.

... ....

It was unknown how long Chen Xiang slept for, but when he woke up, he discovered that his wounds had completely healed. He was lying on a stone bed, on top of a mountain cave.

Just as Chen Xiang stood up, he saw a middle-aged man wearing golden clothes walking over.

"Leader!" Chen Xiang anxiously shouted.

The Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader chuckled, then said to Chen Xiang: "There’s no need to get up, continue resting. You have at least just recovered from your injuries, but your ’spirit’ isn’t too good yet."

"After I entered the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall, what happened outside?" Chen Xiang asked: "Then did you kill Reverend Bloodviolet?"

"I can’t kill him. He’s the same as me, also at the early stage of the Ancestor Realm. It would be very difficult to kill him! Fortunately the other three Divine Sects s came and chased him away, I waited for you outside for ten days! " Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader said: "What did you see inside the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall?"

"I went in for ten days?" Chen Xiang was extremely shocked. He felt that he had not even been inside for an hour, and ten days had already passed since he had entered outside.

"I saw a great path of Heavenly Refining inside, but I could not reach the end. I only walked about ten steps and I was injured to this extent." Chen Xiang sighed.

After Chen Xiang had fainted from his injuries, the Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader had already checked on his body. Chen Xiang’s body could be said to be extremely strong, although he was only at the peak of the late stage of Six Gods Stage, it was very difficult to find someone at the same level with a body like his. Even if it was a lot of early stage True Sovereign Realm cultivators, they could only be slightly stronger than Chen Xiang.

Even so, Chen Xiang still suffered such heavy injuries!

then told Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader about the situation of the Heavenly Refining Great Dao in detail.

"So the legend is true. There really is a great dao of Heaven’s Refinement inside the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall." After listening, Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader sighed, "But to reach the end of the Heavenly Refining Great Dao is extremely difficult."

"Not only is it difficult, it’s deadly!" Chen Xiang shook his head and sighed: "Am I still in Myriad Tao Mausoleum?"

When the time comes, we will be able to leave. With your current situation, it would be best for you to return to Flying Dragon Pagoda to cultivate for a while. Although there are many strong fellows in Myriad Tao Mausoleum, it is not suitable for cultivation. The Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader said.

Chen Xiang also had this plan. After returning to the Flying Dragon Pagoda, if he succeeded in his cultivation, he would try to cultivate it there.

Once he entered the Heavenly Refining Great Dao, he would have more power to deal with it. Although he was afraid of the Great Dao, at the same time, he had a strong sense of conquest, the more he wanted to conquer something that terrified him, the more he needed to conquer something, and that was the only way to overcome his fear!

"What about the Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable? Didn’t he also come in? Why did he come in? " Chen Xiang was also very worried about Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable, he knew that Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable was very strong.

"Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable is trapped inside. He should not be able to leave! Of course, it would be hard to say if he had passed Flying Dragon Experience Place’s Practical Experience. " Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader laughed: "This guy is currently heading to Flying Dragon Ghost Realm to find his old enemy."

"The Flying Dragon Ghost Realm must be filled with dragons!" Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief. Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable being unable to leave this Heaven Prison was indeed a good thing.

"That’s right, they are all powerful dragons. Most of them were attracted by the various legends in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, so they are unable to leave." Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader laughed: "Generally speaking, as long as a person with an evil power comes in, it will be very difficult for them to escape. Unless there is the slightest error on the part of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, then they will be able to let a large group of Dragon Demons escape."

"Also, it is very difficult for someone with the cultivation of Venerable Ancestor Later-stage to come out, and our Heavenly Alchemy Venerable Ancestor only had a mid stage ancestor back then. It would be very difficult for him to come out."

The Heaven Prison was used to restrain some super strong warriors.

"We have been in here for quite some time. I wonder how is Flying Dragon Pagoda doing now, there are a lot of Dragon Demons up there." Chen Xiang said.

"Without the Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable, those Dragon Demons won’t be able to make the weather. Right now, all four of us Leader are inside, so we don’t need to worry about the situation outside. That’s why we plan on cultivating inside." Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader took out a pellet and gave it to Chen Xiang: "Eat it, it will help recover your spirit."

After Chen Xiang ate it, he immediately felt the benefits of the medicine’s power, and his spirit became much better.

"Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader, have you heard of Natural Law Divine Lord?" Chen Xiang thought about it and asked.

"Of course I’ve heard of him. He’s very famous now, but he’s one of the ten great Bone Kings of White Bones Imperial, and is very powerful. I’m not his match." Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader said: "But he will never be able to leave this place. I heard that he controls another world!"

"Yes, he controls the Natural Law World. I came from that world!" Chen Xiang said, "I want to take back the Natural Law World from him, so that he won’t be ’messed up’."