Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

The Refining Leader had a rather good understanding of the situation. He would often enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum and get to know quite a few of his friends. Access:.

"It’s true that he’s in control of the world of the Dao, but for now, he won’t dare to do anything to the world of the Dao for a short period of time. The world of the Dao is a part of his power; as long as it isn’t a threat to him, he definitely won’t destroy it." The Leader said, "But in the future, it will be difficult. Because he has to control a world and if the world is not stable, he will have to transfusion his own blood. At that time, it will be a burden for him."

"What if it becomes his burden? "What are the consequences of the Dao World?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"If it became his burden, he would definitely find a way to abandon the world of the Dao. At the same time, he would destroy the world of the Dao." The Refining Leader thought for a moment, then told Chen Xiang, because this kind of result, was not what Chen Xiang wanted to hear, and it would cause a lot of psychological pressure for Chen Xiang.

"The world of the Dao is his world, after all. He won’t let anyone get their hands on his destruction!" But of course, the prerequisite for destruction was that the world of the Dao was useless. If the Dao World was still valuable, he would definitely drain the Dao World’s energy. This would be a form of destruction for the Dao World. "

After hearing what Leader had to say, Chen Xiang’s heart felt incredibly heavy. He really wanted to return to the dao world to see how it was doing right now. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"Don’t worry, he’s the White Bone King right now. If the Dao World is always in a stable state, he won’t make a move." The refined Leader patted on Chen Xiang’s shoulder: "Right now you need to focus on raising your cultivation, do not be disturbed, if you ’f * ck’ too much, it might have a negative impact on your mental state."

"I know! Leader, when are we going to return to Flying Dragon Pagoda? " Chen Xiang was in a hurry to go back, because he would never be able to cultivate in peace in Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

"Soon, within ten!" The Leader said, "You must have obtained some rewards from entering the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, right?"

’s harvest was indeed not good. He obtained many life Law beads and hundreds of billions of Dao crystal, and even killed this annoying fellow, Zhao Kunxin.

"No, no!" Chen Xiang smiled, he would not tell the Alchemist Leader about him killing Zhao Kunxin, although he did not have a good reputation there.

"After you go back, are you going to go back to refine Divine Sects or are you going to go back to the six?" The Refining Leader knew the conflict between Chen Xiang and the Zhao Clan.

"Let’s return to the Divine Sects first, I have friends there." Although Chen Xiang was viewed with hostility by the Zhao Clan, the Great Clan Elder still treated him extremely well. Furthermore, the Master Wang was also currently inside the.

The Refining Leader had brought him out of the White Bones Imperial, followed the Seven Colored River, passed through the Colorful Forest, and finally arrived at a large canyon.

"After passing through the Great Canyon, you will reach the Divine Ghost Imperial Country! The great doors of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum have always been opened by the Divine Ghost Imperial Country. " The refined Leader said: "The main reason why the Divine Ghost Imperial Country is here is to obtain a large number of Dao crystal, so we will think of a way to open the big doors of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum at regular intervals, and let a large number of Dao crystal come in."

The Time Ghost that Chen Xiang had met before entering the stone room had consumed quite a lot of his Dao crystal.

"If you are unlucky, you will accidentally enter the Colorful Forest or the White Bones Imperial, which is not a safe place. If you do not have enough strength, you will die if you leave the Divine Ghost Imperial Country." The Refining Leader brought Chen Xiang through the canyon and entered a huge black coloured palace.

Arriving at the palace, Chen Xiang saw many familiar wide paths.

Accompanied by the refined Leader, Chen Xiang left the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, and returned to the Primordial Transmission array, returning to the Thousand Floors of the Flying Dragon Pagoda!

Although he could safely return during this trip, Chen Xiang was still very suspicious. The Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation he refined did not seem to have any effect.

Previously, he had heard that this Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation was a key, but what exactly did this key open? There was someone who could open up the many tombs inside, Chen Xiang did not know how to use them.

"Myriad Tao Mausoleum will open it from time to time. When the time comes, Four Great Divine Sects will also know about it. The Leader brought Chen Xiang to the island where the Great Clan Elder was at.

When the Great Clan Elder saw Chen Xiang coming back, he was extremely agitated. He was worried that something bad had happened to Chen Xiang since Chen Xiang had already been missing for more than ten years!

The Refining Leader and the Great Clan Elder chatted for a while before they left the island.

"Great Clan Elder, how is Master Wang now?" Chen Xiang laughed: "Has he recovered yet?"

Just as he finished, Master Wang walked out from the house and laughed: "Ghost, I’m almost recovered. I can concoct pills now."

"Master Wang, you are still so ’fine’!" Chen Xiang walked over and laughed.

Soon after, Chen Xiang and the two old men started talking about the things that happened inside the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. When the Great Clan Elder found out that Chen Xiang went to the Refining Stone Wall, he was extremely shocked.

In truth, the Great Clan Elder’s strength was still considered strong, after all, he was a Late period of Tai Zun realm. If he was at that time, Chen Xiang would not have been treated like that by the Lan Hong Tao Priest, and might not even be able to beat the purple-haired man.

However, the Supreme Realm cultivators in the middle of Myriad Tao Mausoleum all had some strange powers. For example, the spatial strength of the Lan Hong Tao Priest was extremely terrifying.

The Lan Hong Tao Priest had secretly ’snuck’ into the Divine Ghost Imperial Country, and even placed many of the Six Gods Stage s into his own Divine Sense Sea World. That strange blue profound sea was playing a killing game inside, so he was very clear on Chen Xiang’s every move.

It’s just that the Lan Hong Tao Priest was taken away, Chen Xiang guessed that the Lan Hong Tao Priest would become a slave if he was taken back.

"Master Wang, I am now at the peak of the late stage of Six Gods Stage, how can I step into the Tai Zun realm? Is there any miraculous elixir or medicine? " Chen Xiang asked.

"The peak of the late stage of Six Gods Stage. If you want to achieve the unity of the six gods, then you will be able to cultivate the Six souls and you will be able to step into the Tai Zun realm." The Master Wang said, "This is not easy. The Six Gods Unity already requires the user to continuously use their own powerful dao energy to control the fusion of the Six yuan god, but they also need a certain amount of comprehension to allow the Six yuan god to complete the final fusion. Many people have tried it a thousand times, but they were unable to succeed."

"Why can’t I succeed?" Chen Xiang had also tried it before, and it truly was not a success. Even though he could ’knead’ all the Six yuan god together, it could not fuse together in the end, and once it was absorbed by Dao Energy, the Six yuan god would immediately disperse and return to its original state.

...