Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

When Chen Xiang was refining it, he had also thought of separate refining the three Twin Colored Divine Fruits so that it would not require too much blood. However, he also thought that if he refined it separately, he wouldn’t be able to combine the six types of origin. More recent chapter access: * ww.

Refining them at the same time was equivalent to connecting the six bloodlines together. Although refining them separately also required one’s blood, there was no connection between the three Twin Divine Fruits. He would have to refine them once more. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

After bleeding for two hours, his source energy had only turned slightly red. To have all of it turn blood-red meant that he would have to continue bleeding for a long time.

"I need to rest!" No matter how strong Chen Xiang’s regeneration ability was, he could not endure this crazy method of continuously letting the blood flow. He rested for an hour, and after producing a large amount of blood, he started to refine again.

His Divine Sense Sea World grew a large amount of medicinal ingredients, and after he absorbed the energy released by the medicinal ingredients, he could also increase his recovery rate.

Other than that, there were also various things in his Divine Sense Sea World. These things could continuously release energy, such as the Creation God’s Spring, which could ensure his recovery speed.

This was a middle tier Taizun Dan, so refining it would definitely take a long time, especially at the start, where it required the fusion of six different types of origin laws and the release of blood. This was something that ordinary Alchemist s could not do.

Chen Xiang only managed to make him practice this desperate blood refinement because of his years of accumulated experience.

Ten days and ten nights later, within Chen Xiang’s Chuangshi god furnace, all six different types of source energy were finally refined blood-red by Chen Xiang.

"This is good!" Chen Xiang took a deep breath, then used the power of divinity and gathered the six origin energies together.

After being refined by Chen Xiang using the Blood Refinement Art, the different Source Energy could easily be merged together. Following that, the ’Medicinal Qi’ and ’Medicinal Crystals’ would also be merged quickly.

After going through the difficult process before, the remaining was very simple for Chen Xiang. Although he was currently very tired, his heart was excited and full of vigor.

Because it was for him to eat, he only refined one pellet. This way, the quality would be higher.

"Could it be that just one pill is enough for me to step into the Tai Zun realm?" Chen Xiang looked at the blood-red ball of extremely enchanting light, and his heart was filled with anticipation.

Originally, there were six colours in the spirit energy released by the medicine, but because the origin of the medicine had been turned blood-red by Chen Xiang, it had all turned red right now.

The process of condensing the pill was extremely fast. It only took six hours!

"Is this the Huazun Dan? I wonder if it’s really effective! " Chen Xiang looked at the Huazun Dan that was like a ruby. He really hoped that it could let him step into the Tai Zun realm, but he was also prepared to be disappointed.

No one had ever proven the efficacy of such a pill!

"If I do not succeed, it will only be a wasted time. Isn’t it just half a year of time?" Chen Xiang placed the pellet into his mouth and swallowed it.

Inside the You Yao Mountain Villa, Jiang Simei and Jiang Sijing both hoped that this pill would allow Chen Xiang to step into the Tai Zun realm. During this period of time, Chen Xiang had put in a lot of effort!

After eating the Taizun Dan, Chen Xiang channeled his medicinal power into the Spirit of the Dao gods in the Divine Sense Sea. If he succeeded in stepping into the Tai Zun realm, the Spirit of the Dao gods would undergo a huge change, and he would be able to cultivate the Six souls!

After Chen Xiang ate the Huazun Dan, he immediately felt a power that was connected to his blood slowly seeping in. Inside the Spirit of the Dao gods, the Six yuan god was suddenly enveloped by a blood-red light, and following Chen Xiang’s control, the Six yuan god gradually gathered together!

Before, Chen Xiang had to use a lot of effort to fuse the Six yuan god. Although it could not be completely compatible with the Six yuan god, it was still extremely difficult to ’knead’ it.

And now, after Chen Xiang ate the Huazun Dan, he merely channeled the medicinal power into the Spirit of the Dao gods, and the Six yuan god inside naturally sucked it in, and gradually merged together.

This made Chen Xiang’s heart race. This was a pretty good start, which meant that it was possible to successfully fuse the Six yuan god.

Chen Xiang was currently in a very natural state. He did not even need to worry about the Six yuan god in the Spirit of the Dao gods, as it would naturally and gently fuse with one another. This kind of process was extremely enjoyable for him, causing him to be immersed in an extremely special kind of slumber.

He did not know how much time had passed, but when he woke up, he realized that the Spirit of the Dao gods had already disappeared.

It was actually those six Beast statue!

These Beast statue were from the second Divine Sense Sea, but they were from the first Divine Sense Sea!

"Could this be the Six souls?" Chen Xiang was not sure, but he immediately went to look at the Second Divine Sense Sea, only to find that the Second Divine Sense Sea had disappeared!

"The second and first Divine Sense Sea have fused!" Chen Xiang never thought that such a situation would occur. That Huazun Dan was actually so powerful, and directly allowed his first and second Divine Sense Sea to fuse together.

Although this change had occurred, Chen Xiang was still more at ease. Because he had already made a breakthrough, he could feel that the dao energy he released from the Six souls was more than ten times stronger than before.

"Alright, these Beast statue should belong to the extremely special Six souls!" Chen Xiang looked at the six small Beast statue floating above the First Divine Sense Sea.

These Beast statue were extremely huge during the second Divine Sense Sea, but in the first Divine Sense Sea, they were as small as little birds in the sky.

However, this Six souls was extremely terrifying, and could be released with just his will. After it was released, all of them would become living Heavenly beast.

Furthermore, these Heavenly beast would not die, at most, they would only be injured.

"Did you successfully break through?" Jiang Sijing felt that Chen Xiang had already awoken from his slumber, and immediately asked.

"I broke through. I’m already at the early stage of the Tai Zun realm, but I’m still not sure if the Huazun Dan would have such an effect." Chen Xiang said: "Oh right, how long did I sleep after eating the Huazun Dan?"

"One month!" Jiang Sijing said: "Elder sister and I are both peak late stage of Six Gods Stage, you just need to refine one for us. Any one of us can make a breakthrough, as long as one of us makes a breakthrough, then with the cultivation of Twin Life Mysterious Techniques, we can help each other out."

"How amazing." Chen Xiang exclaimed. In this way, as long as one of them cultivates, the other one can break through without doing anything and save a lot of time.

"Alright, then I’ll immediately refine a Huazun Dan." Chen Xiang said, "That’s right, help me plant a little more Supreme Blood Coconut!"