Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing Chen Xiang coming out, the Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader sat him down.

"I already know about your situation. You don’t have to worry about the Zhao Clan, I will suppress those over there! If Zhao Clan dares to act recklessly during this period of time, I will definitely make them suffer. " Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader’s forceful words surprised Chen Xiang.

He originally thought that Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader would be afraid of his ancestor, but now it seemed that his Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader was actually prepared to become enemies with his ancestor.

"Leader, did something happen?" Chen Xiang asked, he also suddenly had such a feeling. "

"Latest news, there are abnormal situations in the Dragon Devil Dead Land, the number of Dragon Demons are increasing, strong Dragon Demons are also like this, and the Dragon magic poison on the Dragon Demon is even stronger, the broken Dragon Magic Dan in the Zhao Clan can’t hold on for long, and they are even selling for such a high price." Mentioning this matter, the Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader was very angry: "This is simply taking advantage of the situation. It’s fine if they sell it expensive, but you actually forbid them to sell it.

"Right now, if I really need Dragon Magic Dan, even I would have a hard time refining so many. I am willing to provide cheap medicinal ingredients for Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect’s shop." Chen Xiang said: "They can sell the Dragon Magic Dan at a price of fifty million or even more. Right now, the problem is that they are afraid of the Zhao Clan, so they do not dare to take my medicinal ingredients. "

"Give me the medicinal ingredients, and I’ll help you sell them. I want to see if they are afraid of the Zhao Clan or me." When the Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader found out about what the Zhao Clan was doing, he became even more furious. If he did not urgently need power right now, he would definitely find a chance to make a move on the Zhao Clan.

Chen Xiang had given Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader a large group of Golden Dragon Magic herb s, and Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader was also very surprised that Chen Xiang actually had such a large amount of medicinal herbs.

Chen Xiang’s You Yao Mountain Villa had a large number of these Golden Dragon Magic herb, and he sold them at the price of thirty million each. He sold them for more than three thousand and obtained a large number of Dao crystal.

"There are even more serious situations in the Dragon Devil Dead Land. It’s just that we are not certain about them yet." Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader said in a serious tone: "Previously, Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable was already quite strong, but there seems to be something even more terrifying than Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable."

"That guy is nurturing a large amount of Dragon Demons unceasingly. He sent people to the abyss to investigate, but all of them died, they were all from the Tai Zun realm."

Dragon Devil Dead Land had always been a mysterious being, and many years ago, such a powerful being like Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable was already born. Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable was heavily injured and sealed within Dragon Devil Dead Land, but now that Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable had broken through the seal and recovered his injuries, he was even more powerful than before.

"Could it be that the Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable has another purpose for entering the Myriad Tao Mausoleum?" Chen Xiang thought about this and asked in shock: "Myriad Tao Mausoleum is also very mysterious, could it be that there is some relationship between Myriad Tao Mausoleum and himself?" Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"I don’t know. If only Heavenly Alchemy Venerable Ancestor and the others were still alive. Only they knew about this." The Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader said: "Right now, the only people who are familiar with this matter are the Flying Dragon Palace Leader, but this fellow is both righteous and evil, rarely appearing, and rarely interfering with the matters of the Flying Dragon Palace."

"On the other hand, when something happened to Myriad Tao Mausoleum last time, he rushed here in a hurry. He entered the Myriad Tao Mausoleum and wandered around for a bit before returning." The Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader said.

When he talked about Flying Dragon Palace Leader, his expression was complex, it seemed like there was some sort of story between him and the Flying Dragon Palace Leader.

"Wouldn’t it be fine if we just go to the Flying Dragon Palace and ask him?" Chen Xiang said: "You should know this Flying Dragon Palace Leader!"

"Of course I know him. Speaking of him, he is my ancestor and is my grandfather’s brother." Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader sighed. "But he became enemies with my grandfather back then, and we didn’t get back together."

Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader and Flying Dragon Palace Leader actually had this kind of relationship, but Flying Dragon Palace Leader didn’t seem to have come to find him, which meant that Flying Dragon Palace Leader also thought of the same thing and didn’t seek revenge on his enemy’s descendants.

The Great Clan Elder suddenly flew over and said, "Leader, Flying Dragon Palace Leader is here!"

Chen Xiang and Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader revealed an astonished expression. They did not think that Flying Dragon Palace Leader would come right at the moment they were talking about the Flying Dragon Palace Leader.

"Ask him to come here." The Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader hastily said.

The Great Clan Elder immediately left, and before long, Flying Dragon Palace Leader came over. He was dressed in black robes and had a hood covering his head, and was a tall and skinny old man with a stern expression. When he came in, he looked at Chen Xiang with his sharp eyes.

"Granduncle!" Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader politely called out, then invited him to sit.

Flying Dragon Palace Leader nodded, and waved his hand: "I won’t be sitting down, I’m just telling you, don’t go to Dragon Devil Dead Land for this period of time. With your current strength, going there is certain death! If we go and provoke him, and lure him out, we will have no choice but to quickly withdraw from the Flying Dragon Pagoda. "

With that, the Flying Dragon Palace Leader left!

Chen Xiang, Great Clan Elder and Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader were all stunned when they heard it. There was truly something terrifying inside the Dragon Devil Dead Land.

"Why is this happening?" The Great Clan Elder was frightened, there was actually something that threatened the existence of the Flying Dragon Pagoda.

"I don’t know. Even if I went to chase after him, he wouldn’t tell me. My great-uncle has this kind of personality." Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader shook his head: "Right now, the most important thing for us to do is to stop the Demonic Dragons from messing around here."

"Now we have to protect the Flying Dragon Experience Place. According to our investigations, the Draconians aren’t going to enter the Flying Dragon Experience Place, they are going to destroy the Flying Dragon Experience Place. I wonder why they are doing this." The Great Elder said.

"Seems like things are getting more complicated. If I can’t stay in the Flying Dragon Pagoda, could it be that I can only go on the road to enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum?" Chen Xiang said.

The inside of Myriad Tao Mausoleum was also a very large world, it was just that the environment inside was very bad, there were even more strong people, to the weak, it was hard to survive inside.

"Chen Xiang, get ready to enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum next time." Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader warned.

Since Chen Xiang was able to enter the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall and pry into its secrets, Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader felt that the secrets hidden inside would allow their Heavenly Refining Faction to become even stronger.

The Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader didn’t want Chen Xiang to involve himself in other things, so naturally, he was prepared to enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. Chen Xiang had just returned from the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, and he was already at the Tai Zun realm.

"Alright, when is the next time Myriad Tao Mausoleum opens?" Chen Xiang asked.

According to the information I received, there are still about nine months left. The Myriad Tao Mausoleum is opening more and more frequently, and this is mainly opened by the Divine Ghost Imperial Country. The Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader patted Chen Xiang’s shoulders: "Work hard. I’ll bring you into the Myriad Tao Mausoleum when the time comes."