Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

After Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader left, Chen Xiang immediately returned to his room to refine Dragon Magic Dan.

The Dragon Magic Dan that he refined had been refined using many Crash s, so he had given this kind of Dragon Magic Dan to Lin Jitian and the Bat Super Venerable before.

Now that such a huge change had occurred in the Dragon Devil Dead Land, he was very worried. Therefore, he had to refine a few more high quality Dragon Magic Dan to protect himself.

One month had passed and the result of the Primordial Blood Coconut Tree in You Yao Mountain Villa had come to fruition. He was prepared to use the blood in the Primordial Blood Coconut to refine the Huazun Dan.

As long as one person from Jiang Sijing’s group could step into the Tai Zun realm, they could use the Twin Life Mysterious Technique to synchronize themselves.

"The blood of the Supreme Blood Yam is truly powerful. This godly fruit is truly strange." Chen Xiang exclaimed, "The blood within the Supreme Blood Coin is much stronger than the blood of an ordinary late stage Six Gods Stage."

Chen Xiang took a careful look at the blood inside the Blood Coconut, and realized that there was a lot of blood inside. It was very thick, and he felt that it would only take ten of the Blood Coconut to refine one Huazun Dan.

"Alright, I’ll start refining it now. This Supreme Blood Coin is really out of my expectations!" Before, Chen Xiang also only had the Supreme Blood Coin, so he didn’t open it carefully to have a look.

Now that the coconut tree had produced so much of the Supreme Blood Coconut, he took a closer look.

Chen Xiang started to refine the Huazun Dan. This time, the refining process was different from last time, but the difficulty was still the same. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

He first put all the ingredients into the pill furnace, then opened a piece of the Rare Blood Coconut. He poured the blood from the Coconut Fruit into the pill furnace, and then guided the blood into the source energy.

It had only been a short while, but Chen Xiang was already very excited, because this method worked. He saw that the six different source energies had all changed, and these changes were all the same as when he used his own blood to refine the pill.

Then, he continued to refine according to this rhythm. After ten days and ten nights, he successfully refined a Huazun Dan.

What he did not expect was that the quality of the ingredients he had refined this time was much better than what he had eaten last time. He immediately handed "them over to Jiang Sijing and Jiang Simei.

Then, Jiang Simei decided to eat the Huazun Dan.

After she ate them, Chen Xiang and Jiang Sijing continued to busy themselves with their work.

"Sijing, if you succeed, you will need to plant more of those Supreme Blood Cores." Chen Xiang said: "Perhaps when the time comes, we will need to help even more late stage Six Gods Stage s to step into the Tai Zun realm, or sell some in exchange for Dao crystal."

Chen Xiang already had a lot of Dao crystal, and he did not really "flower" them, but he still felt that the Dao crystal was very useful.

For example, Divine Ghost Imperial Country often opened the Gate of Heaven and Earth to let outsiders in just to earn a large amount of Dao crystal.

Why does the Divine Ghost Imperial Country need so many Dao crystal? Although Chen Xiang didn’t know, he was sure that the Myriad Tao Mausoleum would need a large number of Dao crystal to do something important.

Therefore, he wanted to take this opportunity to earn more Dao crystal before entering the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

When he walked out of the house, he saw that the Master Wang was also in the courtyard.

Master Wang’s face was filled with joy, he was in a very good mood. When he saw Chen Xiang, he anxiously laughed and said: Haha, I have finally succeeded in refining the Huazun Dan, I have not succeeded in refining this kind of pill, it took me many years, I never thought that a brat like you would actually find a way, it is truly admirable.

"Elder Wang, I’ve already successfully refined it with the Supreme Blood Coconut. I just don’t know how effective it is right now. I’ve already sent someone to test it." Chen Xiang said: "I will tell you about it later!"

Master Wang laughed: "Alright, I also want to test this Huazun Dan. Although you are able to eat this pill and enter the Tai Zun realm, if you are you, perhaps other people are different from you."

"Elder Wang, if this kind of pill can really allow late stage Six Gods Stage to easily step into the Tai Zun realm, then how many Dao crystal s should this type of pill be sold for?" Chen Xiang asked, if it was really possible, he would definitely use this pill to earn some money.

"At least a hundred billion Dao crystal s. Even though it’s very expensive, it’s definitely worth this price." Master Wang said, "Firstly, the effects of this pill are very mysterious. Just by its effects alone, it already far exceeds this price, and many people would definitely be willing to pay such a price for it. Furthermore, the medicinal ingredients used are rare, making it difficult to grow."

"A hundred billion Dao crystal is only a conservative estimate. If it’s an auction, then the price is ... "Tsk tsk, they must be higher." The Master Wang said.

"Really? People in the later stages of Six Gods Stage were that rich? If they were not so rich, would the people behind them be willing to pay such a heavy price for them? " Previously, Chen Xiang’s estimation of this kind of pellet was only 10 billion Dao crystal s, he thought that this was the limit of what the later stages of Six Gods Stage could endure.

"You don’t understand. If you have sons, grandchildren, disciples, and you have a large number of Dao crystal, are you willing to give up billions of Dao crystal for them to allow the younger generation to easily step into the Tai Zun realm? You must know that if you are unable to step into the Tai Zun realm, you will die of old age after all. This is equivalent to extending your life, and furthermore, you will be able to obtain an even more powerful strength. " The Master Wang laughed.

Chen Xiang felt that it was true too. Although they could sell it, he felt that this kind of miraculous pill would benefit even more people.

This way, he could obtain even more Dao crystal!

If it wasn’t that easy to get his hands on the ingredients, he would definitely not think like this and would try his best to sell the pill at the highest price.

Right now, he had a method to quickly obtain this kind of rare medicinal ingredient, so he felt that he should do something to give more people who have no hope of entering the Tai Zun realm the chance to consume this pill.

Chen Xiang told the Master Wang of his thoughts, which the latter listened to, nodding his head and praising: "Your thoughts are very good, allowing more people to enjoy the mysterious pill you concocted, this is also a kind of Dao pill spirit."

"If it is really useful, then I have decided to sell the method to refine this kind of pellet and the seed publicly, and promote this kind of Huazun Dan." Chen Xiang said.

"Alright, if you need my help at that time, I am willing to do such a thing for you." The Master Wang said.

After finishing the conversation with Chen Xiang, Master Wang went to find someone to try out his Huazun Dan.

Jiang Simei who was in the You Yao Mountain Villa still needed a period of time before he could fully display the effects of the Huazun Dan’s medicine, but during this period of time, Chen Xiang made a trip to the Original Tao Gate.

He originally wanted to look for Lin Jitian, but he found out that Lin Jitian had already left the Original Tao’s Door.

Lin Jitian and Bat Super Venerable’s relationship was currently very good and they had been together for a long time. Chen Xiang guessed that he should have gone to find Bat Super Venerable.

But Bat Super Venerable had said before that he wanted to charge into the Venerable ancestor realm!

"Where did Uncle Long go?" Chen Xiang really wanted to ask Lin Jitian about the Myriad Gods Abyss, even though he had not decided whether or not he should go.

Just as he was about to leave the Original Tao, he suddenly felt a strong aura approaching him.

He was quite familiar with this aura.

"It’s the Leader of the Six Great Divine Sects s." Chen Xiang was shocked in his heart, "What is he doing here?"