Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The Original Tao was the number one sect of the six Divine Sects s, however, Chen Xiang had heard from him that the s that rarely came here were at most Elders. More recent chapter access: w.

Chen Xiang guessed that the Six Realms Sect Leader was here to inform the disciples of the Original Tao so that they would pay attention to the Dragon Devil Dead Land.

"Chen Xiang, wait!" Just as Chen Xiang was about to rush down the mountain, he was suddenly stopped by the Six Realms Sect Leader.

did not expect that Six Realms Sect Leader would actually come to call him. He immediately stopped and asked: "What is it?"

"Follow me!" The Six Realms Sect Leader said, following that, he flew in the air, Chen Xiang immediately flew up and followed behind him.

Chen Xiang had guessed wrongly, the Six Realms Sect Leader had actually come for him!

He followed the Six Realms Sect Leader out of the Original Tao’s Gate and arrived at a barren mountain.

"Six Realms Sect Leader, what’s the matter?" Chen Xiang asked in confusion.

"Yes, do you have a Divine Equipment with you? This Divine Equipment is related to the Six Realms magic kungfu." Six Realms Sect Leader asked.

"That’s right!" Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors was a pretty good Divine Equipment, it had been by his side for a long time and was very useful.

"Can I have a look?" Then, he took off the bamboo hat on his head. To Chen Xiang’s surprise, his appearance was actually very similar to Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader’s.

"What is your relationship with the Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader?" Since Chen Xiang did not take out the Six Realms mirrors, he was still a little worried about the Six Realms Sect Leader.

"He’s my big brother ... Our Four Great Divine Sects s are the four brothers. " Six Realms Sect Leader laughed: "Didn’t he tell you?"

Chen Xiang shook his head. Even so, he still did not fully trust Six Realms Sect Leader.

"Alright, I’ll go look for my elder brother now and have him come over... Sigh, my Six Realms Sect Leader has also failed, you are a disciple of a ’sect’ of the Original Tao, but you do not trust my Six Realms Sect Leader, but trust him. " Six Realms Sect Leader laughed at himself.

Chen Xiang spread out his hands: "Sorry, I have to be on guard against people, I have to be on guard against people, I have been like this before, so I have to be on guard!"

The Six Realms Sect Leader was a Dao Ancestor, but Chen Xiang felt that if he ran, the Six Realms Sect Leader could not do anything to him.

You go back to the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect first, and I’ll look for you there. The Six Realms Sect Leader said.

"Alright!"

Chen Xiang anxiously returned to the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect, he was already at the early stage of the Tai Zun realm, so when he used the spatial energy to teleport, he teleported even further, allowing him to quickly return to the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect.

He waited in Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect for a few days, and Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader and Six Realms Sect Leader finally came.

After the Six Realms Sect Leader arrived, he chuckled and said, "Now you finally believe me, right?"

Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader also laughed: "Chen Xiang, just let him take a look at that divine weapon. With me here, he won’t take it." Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors and handed it over to the Six Realms Sect Leader, saying: "This is called the Six Realms mirrors, when I obtained it, I also obtained the Six Realms magic kungfu from inside.

Six Realms Sect Leader took a look and said with a frown: "It is indeed a very powerful divine tool. No wonder when I saw you, I could always faintly feel a unique aura."

"Then Six Realms Sect Leader, what do you think of this?" Chen Xiang asked: "The most amazing thing about Six Realms mirrors is that it can replicate all kinds of formations. It’s just that while replicating, it requires more dao energy to maintain it, allowing it to be completed in a short period of time."

"You probably don’t know the more powerful ways to use it yet!" Six Realms Sect Leader chuckled, then returned the Six Realms mirrors to Chen Xiang.

There were stronger Six Realms mirrors s! After Chen Xiang received it, she anxiously asked: "How do I use it?"

Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader was also very curious as he looked at his younger brother.

"Have you heard of Six Realms Time and Space Door?" The Six Realms Sect Leader said.

Chen Xiang shook his head.

Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader knew about it and immediately replied: "I have heard about it, Six Realms Time and Space Door is a very strange place. Legend has it that there’s a big door in it, after you grasp it, you can control the Six Paths of Samsara, but I do not know what its uses are."

"By mastering the Six Paths of Samsara, one can decide one’s life and death, and one can control one’s destiny. However, that isn’t something which an ordinary person can do." The Six Realms Sect Leader said, "That ’Six Daos Gate’ is itself a very strong and independent existence. Humans cannot control it, but we can use it!"

"What are the benefits of using the ’Six Daos Gate’?" Chen Xiang asked.

"The advantage is that you can use the ’Six Daos Gate’ to travel to any place, and you can see anyone’s fate through the ’Six Daos Gate’. Once you know where that person is, you can go there freely." Six Realms Sect Leader said, "However, this still requires a certain amount of Spatial Force. You should have already cultivated it to the Spatial Path, so it shouldn’t be a problem."

Chen Xiang looked at the Six Realms mirrors in his hand and said: "You mean to say, my Six Realms mirrors can help me enter the Six Realms Time and Space Door?"

"Yes, but you need to cultivate in six different types of Law bloodlines before you can do that." Six Realms Sect Leader asked: "Do you have six Law beads now?"

"No!" How could I possibly prepare such a thing at any time? " Chen Xiang spread out his hands: "Where can I ’get’ them, if you need Dao crystal s, it won’t be a problem, I don’t lack any Dao crystal."

"I only have ten pills here. Generally, it requires a hundred pills. " Six Realms Sect Leader took out ten six Law beads s.

"Ten is enough." Chen Xiang laughed: "I only need to refine it once, I will be refining it now." That’s right, after I have cultivated the power of the six laws, how can I enter the Six Realms Time and Space Door? "

"When the time comes, as long as you are able to comprehend it yourself, you only need to use your six dao principles to activate a sufficiently powerful Six Realms’ Power." The Six Realms Sect Leader said.

"Alright, I’ll give it a try now." Chen Xiang quickly entered the house to refine six Law beads s.

... ....

"Big brother, if he can enter the Six Realms Time and Space Door, when the Heavenly Refining Great Dao is unable to hold on, he will be able to enter the Six Realms Time and Space Door to rest. He will come out after resting." Six Realms Sect Leader said: "He entered the early stage of the Tai Zun realm so quickly, which is already very impressive, but it is not enough for him to pass the Heavenly Refining Great Dao."

"I know, I hope he can succeed. Whether or not Flying Dragon Pagoda can be saved all depends on him, so we must help him." Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader said: "That’s right, if Zhao Clan does anything at that time, you can help me out and eliminate all of them."

"Don’t worry, that won’t be a problem!" I’ll go back first. When he succeeds, you can tell me. " After Six Realms Sect Leader finished, he left in a hurry.

Chen Xiang, who was refining the six Law beads, did not know that he was being entrusted with such an important responsibility. Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader did not tell him, but she did not want him to feel too pressured because of this.