Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

When Chen Xiang returned to the house, it only took him one day to refine all of those Law beads. After eating them, he started to cultivate the six types of bloodline laws ...

As long as he had enough Law beads, cultivating dao veins was a very simple task. Chen Xiang’s current cultivation speed was extremely fast, on one hand, the Law beads that he had refined before had the power to quickly refine them himself.

The other thing was that if he used the Heavenly Alchemy immortal power to refine it, it could be faster.

It was always within three days that Chen Xiang successfully cultivated all six types of bloodline.

"Dao channels are pretty good at cultivation!" Now let’s see if we can open the Six Realms Time and Space Door through the Six Realms mirrors. " Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors and circulated the Dao Energy in his body.

Dao energy gushed out through his meridians, turned into Six Realms’ Power, and flowed into the Six Realms mirrors s.

After the Six Realms’ Power entered the Six Realms mirrors, the Six Realms mirrors’s mirror immediately released a golden brilliance. Chen Xiang looked at the mirror’s golden radiance and his eyes flashed.

"It’s just my consciousness entering, that’s all. My body is still in the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect, could this be the Six Realms Time and Space Door?" Chen Xiang looked at the white pearls one by one. He looked at one of them, wanting to use his consciousness to investigate it, but he did not succeed.

"Now that I have entered the Six Realms Time and Space Door, how can I find someone’s wheel and teleport to that person’s side?" Chen Xiang’s mind thinking about Xue Xianxian, only to see a white bead suddenly flying in front of him.

"Is this Xianxian’s wheel of ingyun?" Chen Xiang really wanted to laugh, but he could not see it at all, but he could feel Xue Xianxian’s exuberant life force from this wheel. This life force was filled with liveliness and joy, Xue Xianxian was originally a very optimistic and cheerful woman.

"It seems like she’s living a good life now!" Chen Xiang couldn’t help but smile, and then, he grabbed the wheel of ingyun and tried to sense Xue Xianxian’s position.

Very quickly, he had a feeling. This feeling was unclear, but he knew that Xue Xianxian’s current location was very far away from him.

"Let’s see if we can teleport there." Chen Xiang immediately used the power of space and wanted to open a spatial tunnel to go over.

He had not succeeded, and he had expended a great deal of spatial energy, so he had no choice but to rest.

"Looks like I don’t have enough strength to open up a spatial passageway and head back!" Just now, Chen Xiang could feel that his own spatial energy was continuously being transmitted out, and he wanted to pry open a large door. However, after he exhausted all of his strength and before that large door opened, he had no choice but to give up.

Chen Xiang thought for a moment, then left the Six Realms Time and Space Door. He needed to recover now, the consumption just now was too huge, causing him to be extremely listless.

He had to rest for an entire day to recover. He had lost a lot of blood while refining the Huazun Dan, so he didn’t need to rest for that long.

To teleport across the Life Wheel was extremely difficult, especially when crossing a world. The consumption was even greater.

"This time it’s in Flying Dragon Pagoda, this should be okay!" Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors and entered the Six Realms Time and Space Door.

He was already very familiar with it now. He would be able to enter the Six Realms Time and Space Door in a short amount of time and also be able to find the Injun Wheel that he was looking for.

This time he was looking for Lin Jitian!

He had previously gone to Yuan Shi Tao School to look for Lin Jitian, but he did not find him. He did not know where Lin Jitian had gone to, and now he wanted to see if he could teleport to’s vicinity.

"Alright, take a look!" Chen Xiang took a deep breath, then, with a thought, he channeled a large amount of spatial energy, teleporting himself near Lin Jitian.

He could sense Lin Jitian’s approximate location through Lin Jitian’s ingyun wheel. This location was not exactly accurate, and would usually not be able to be teleported to that person’s side, and would only be nearby.

In the blink of an eye, Chen Xiang felt that more than half of his power had been used up!

At the same time, he appeared on a desolate mountain. He looked around and found that there was no one here.

"What kind of place is this?" Uncle Lin is here? " Chen Xiang closed his eyes and entered the Six Realms Time and Space Door once again. After confirming Lin Jitian’s exact location, he sprinted towards a small mountain, and found that Lin Jitian was right in the direction of the small mountain.

Chen Xiang arrived near the short mountain and observed around it for a while before he found a cave that was blocked by a large rock.

"Uncle Lin is inside?" Chen Xiang immediately teleported. Chi so, there was no need to move the rock.

After entering, Chen Xiang could already feel Lin Jitian’s aura. He quickened his pace and quickly found Lin Jitian.

Lin Jitian was currently sleeping soundly on a stone bed, and was not cultivating.

"Uncle Lin!" Chen Xiang laughed and shouted, shocking Lin Jitian who suddenly jumped up.

After Lin Jitian sat up, he was extremely alert and almost attacked Chen Xiang, but after knowing that it was Chen Xiang, he also relaxed.

"Brat, how did you find me?" Lin Jitian was very curious about this. He felt that he had stolen it secretly and no one would know that he was here.

It would be alright if beasts from above were to accidentally enter this place, but the one who came was Chen Xiang, so he would still come in quietly.

"This is a unique skill that I’ve just learned." Chen Xiang laughed, "Impressive! By the way, where is this place? Uncle Lin, why are you hiding here? "

"You actually don’t know this place?" So how did you get here? It appeared out of nowhere? " Lin Jitian was even more curious.

"I used teleportation to come here. Of course I don’t know what kind of place this is!" Chen Xiang took out a chair and sat down, then asked: "This place is lifeless, what kind of place is this? Why did you come to this place without saying a word? "

"You don’t know, this place is very strange. When I first entered the Yuan Shi Tao School, one of them brought me here." Lin Jitian said: "That Zhiongdi of mine is also a mysterious fellow. He has always believed that there is something hidden in this place." Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"He brought me here several times. He was looking for that thing. I didn’t believe it at first, until he was bitten to death by a rat here ... I believe there was something really powerful hidden here, and then there was a strange light here, and then overnight the whole area became bare. "

After listening to Lin Jitian’s story, Chen Xiang also felt that it was very strange, and asked: "What kind of strength is that? He was actually bitten to death by a mouse? "How old is that mouse? Is it poisonous?"

Lin Jitian shook his head: "That mouse is only the size of a palm, it isn’t poisonous! That mouse was extremely terrifying. It bit off a piece of my chest and drilled into my body, instantly devouring all of my bones and flesh. My strength is not weak either, he is in the middle stage of the Tai Zun realm. "