Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang couldn’t believe that a middle stage Tai Zun realm could actually be eaten by a palm-sized mouse, even now, he couldn’t believe it was real!

"Uncle Lin, you are taking too much risk!" There is such a powerful mouse here, and you still dare to sleep here! " When Chen Xiang came in just now, he saw Lin Jia sleeping soundly. The updates were quick.

Lin Jiexi scratched his head and smiled, "I am just a bit tired ..." But don’t worry, there aren’t any rats in this area. I’ve been searching around here for some time. "

Lin Jia took out a pearl and said, "As long as those mice approach, the pearl will light up! There will also be a lot of noise, and the rats can only move in one area, and once they leave that area, they will immediately die. "

"Uncle Lin, have you ever seen that kind of rat?" Chen Xiang also wanted to go take a look. He felt that it wouldn’t be that easy for the mouse to eat him.

"Of course I’ve seen them before, didn’t I? I’ve searched around here for a while, so I’m sure there’s a Spirit Formation here, and those mice that are sealed within the Spirit Formation cannot escape. I was almost killed several times within the Spirit Formation, and those things are really very scary." Lin Jiexi said: "Chen Xiang, you’re here now, do you want to come with me to take a look inside the enchantment?"

"Of course you can!" Chen Xiang was also very curious about the barrier, and hurriedly said, "Hand it over to me for defense."

Bat Super Venerable had previously told Lin Jia that Chen Xiang had extremely powerful defensive skills and escaping abilities in the Dragon Devil Dead Land, so Chen Xiang suddenly coming here was a good thing for Lin Jia Lai.

After Chen Xiang and Lin Jia walked out of the cave, they took out the Six Realms mirrors and sat on top of it together.

"Chen Xiang, fly higher! When the time comes, you will know where that region is!" Lin Jiexi said.

It had only been an hour, and he could already see that below him, there was a region that was surrounded by a large number of mountains. If he were to draw a straight line between those mountains, then the outside of this region would be a hexagon.

"Using the mountain as the starting point to draw formation patterns, this is a very ancient and powerful formation." Chen Xiang had some knowledge of array formations. After all, his few women were extremely adept in this area.

"This area is indeed very strange, especially this Spirit Formation. It does not restrict anything from entering or exiting from the outside, but it does restrict anything from exiting." Chen Xiang said, then controlled the Six Realms mirrors to fly downwards.

Lin Jia nodded, "There are quite a few of those rats. When I went in, I saw more than ten of them, and they wanted to attack me as soon as they saw me. I don’t know what was in those rats, but my brother had been searching this area for a long time and died without finding anything."

The brother that Lin Jia spoke of was a companion that he had good relations with. When he mentioned this matter, he could not help but feel sad.

"Then did he find out anything about this place?" I think he must be hiding something from you. "Oh right, where is this place located?" Chen Xiang asked.

Lin Qi said: "Flying Dragon Palace is only three miles from here, and Flying Dragon Experience Place is also in the vicinity, but this place has always been deathly still, and is known as the Flying Dragon’s Death Grounds! Flying Dragon Experience Place and Flying Dragon Palace are rather lively at the edge of the wyvern death zone. " Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"This is Flying Dragon Palace’s territory!" Chen Xiang did not expect him to cross such a long distance in an instant, and arrive here from the Refining Divine Sects.

"Yes!" Have you never been here before? Flying Dragon Palace is right around here. I originally wanted to invite Bat over, but he’s still in closed door cultivation, so he came alone. " Lin Jiexi said.

Bat Super Venerable was still in closed-door training to break through the Venerable ancestor realm. If he successfully made a breakthrough, he might become the most eccentric ancestor in all of history.

Chen Xiang had already brought Lin Jia De into the enchantment, but just as they entered, he felt an ancient Qi, accompanied by a warm wind, which was strange and mysterious.

This area was still quite large, and there were tens of thousands of mountains here. It was a very important area.

The reason why the barrier was able to restrict the strange rats from escaping was because of the powerful barrier created by the formation on the mountain.

After Chen Xiang entered, he was so careful that he did not dare to come into the ’mess’, as he was afraid that he would destroy the formation of the barrier.

"Where is the mouse?" Chen Xiang looked around and asked.

There was plenty of light inside. The sunlight was shining everywhere and everything could be seen clearly.

However, Chen Xiang did not see Lin Zong’s terrifying rat.

"He must be hiding somewhere. If he wants to meet these rats, he’ll have to stay here for a while longer." Ever since Lin Jia had entered this area, he had been somewhat nervous and on high alert. That terrifying rat had left behind a very large shadow for him.

Chen Xiang urged his Six Realms mirrors to move quickly towards the deeper parts of the region.

After flying for a while, he suddenly saw a black shadow approaching. Chen Xiang had extremely good eyesight, with one glance, he could tell that it was a palm sized black colored mouse, no different from a normal mouse, only its face was darker.

"It appeared!" Lin Jia immediately shouted out loudly. He threw out a beam of light from his hand, sending that terrifying rat flying.

The terrifying rat’s speed was indeed very fast. If it wasn’t careful, it would definitely be attacked!

His attack speed was very fast, Chen Xiang just saw the terrifying rat, and was already sent flying by Lin Qi.

He could tell that Lin Jia had a lot of experience dealing with this kind of rats!

"So powerful, he actually didn’t die!" Chen Xiang felt that Lin Jia Village’s attack was scary, but he didn’t kill the rat when he entered.

The rat was sent flying. It whizzed away as it landed on the ground. The speed at which it escaped was very fast.

"How is it, I’m not lying to you, right? "The rats here are like dogs. The moment someone gets near, they will immediately attack." Lin Jia had just finished.

The Space Domain that Chen Xiang released immediately sensed that a terrifying rat was quickly approaching and arrived at the bottom of his Six Realms mirrors.

The Six Realms mirrors had long released a very strong protective shield, so Chen Xiang was not very worried.

However, after that terrifying rat jumped up, it unexpectedly produced a very powerful force, charging forward from the Six Realms mirrors’s point of view.

In just an instant, the Six Realms mirrors was sent flying high into the sky. Luckily Chen Xiang was able to stabilize the Six Realms mirrors in time, otherwise, it would have flown even higher.

"These things are too scary!" Chen Xiang was also covered in cold sweat. This kind of terrifying rat, its strength was equivalent to a Late period of Tai Zun realm.

...

...