Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

If anyone from the Tai Zun realm came in, no matter how cautious they were, it was still very difficult to guard against this kind of rat!

Before, Chen Xiang did not think so, but now, he suddenly admired Lin Jia, the person who was walking in and out of this place was actually still alive.

"Find a way to catch one!" Chen Xiang suddenly said, seeing him being so foolish, Lin Jia was startled.

"Ghost, this is very dangerous. What do you want this thing for?" Lin Jia found it hard to understand, and he didn’t want to do that because it was too dangerous.

"Catch it and take a look, why is this thing so powerful!" Chen Xiang said: "There must be a reason why this terrifying rat is so powerful. It might even be able to discover something from the inside."

Chen Xiang laughed, "This thing is like a treasure to me! "Oh right, Uncle Lin, have you ever killed this kind of rat before?"

"Where is it?!" It was good enough that he wasn’t killed by the rat. He actually wanted to kill the rat? This kind of rat is hard to kill. " Lin Qi shook his head. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Chen Xiang took out the Chuangshi god furnace!

The Chuangshi god furnace gradually grew larger under his control, then he increased his flying speed. Not long after, he sensed a terrifying rat approaching, so he immediately controlled the Chuangshi god furnace to fly over and cover the mouse.

His speed was still a bit too slow, and the rat dodged him.

Chen Xiang did not give up and continued to try. With his previous experiences, he was now very cautious of these rats, as long as a mouse approached him, he would immediately use Spatial Teleportation to avoid their attacks, to avoid being knocked away by the energy.

"What exactly is hidden inside? There are actually so many terrifying rats guarding it! " Chen Xiang felt that these mice were here to protect this place.

Half a time had passed, and he had tried using the Chuangshi god furnace many times, but failed to catch a single rat, as he was always a little bit off, and those mice were also unable to attack the Six Realms mirrors.

Lin Jia also relaxed when he saw how safe it was on the Six Realms mirrors.

"It’s really hard to catch!" Chen Xiang took out another one. This was also a Divine Dao tool, but it was a bit weaker.

The rats here flew around everywhere as the number of them increased. They were all attacking Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors, the rats had never seen such an intruder before.

If it was before, when he was attacked by so many rats, as long as it was a Tai Zun realm, he would definitely die.

Lin Jia knew that it was very safe above the Six Realms mirrors, but seeing so many rats leaping about, his entire body was covered in cold sweat, if these rats could break through the Six Realms mirrors’s defense, he and Chen Xiang would probably be eaten alive by these rats.

Chen Xiang then released his Spirit Qi and at the same time, controlled the coordination of the Chuangshi god furnace!

It finally worked. Finally, it managed to hold on to a mouse, and after it was captured, the mouse struggled non-stop. Just as it was about to struggle free, Chen Xiang’s Chuangshi god furnace was covered up.

"Got it!" Chen Xiang shouted happily, and then, he controlled the Chuangshi god furnace back to his hands.

Lin Jia asked worriedly, "Is your furnace safe?" If they were to run out, we would all be in danger! "

Lin Jia did not expect Chen Xiang to catch such a terrifying rat. Seeing how the Chuangshi god furnace was shaking uncontrollably, he was worried that the rat would run out of the furnace and bite him to death.

"Don’t worry, my pill furnace is very sturdy." Chen Xiang chuckled, then placed both hands on the pill furnaces, releasing an extremely strong divine might fire.

He controlled the Six Realms mirrors to fly higher, so that it wouldn’t be knocked into the air by the rats below.

"What are you doing?" Lin Jia asked curiously when he saw Chen Xiang looking like he was concocting pills.

"I’m concocting pills!" Chen Xiang said.

Lin Jia was stunned, he never thought that Chen Xiang was really concocting pills!

"Heh heh, using beasts to concoct pills isn’t anything strange, right? Some Alchemist s like to use beasts to concoct pills. " Chen Xiang said.

"But... A terrifying rat is no ordinary beast. " When Lin Jia saw the furnace stabilize, he hurriedly asked, "Is the rat dead?"

"I only made terrifying rats because they weren’t ordinary. I wouldn’t be bothered if they were normal beasts." Chen Xiang laughed: "The mouse has already been suppressed by me, it has quieted down a lot, now I will see if I can use fire to refine it."

Chen Xiang’s flames were still very strong, especially when using the divine flame. It could produce an extremely terrifying heat, as if it could burn anything.

"This rat is very strange, it can actually absorb fire!" As Chen Xiang smelted the pill, he observed the terrifying monster rat in the furnace.

He had used a very strong divine flame to burn it, but that mouse had absorbed a massive amount of flames!

"It’s not absorbing by itself, but the blood and flesh of a rat. Is it something that can absorb strong flames just by being alive?" Chen Xiang never thought that such a thing would happen. Although the divine flame was strong, if it was absorbed, it would be troublesome.

"Continue!" After Chen Xiang observed carefully, he determined that although this terrifying rat could absorb his divine fire, the speed at which it absorbed it was still relatively slow. As long as he could continuously increase the intensity of the flames to burn, this mouse would definitely not be able to hold on for long.

He had to burn it several times before he was able to burn the rat to death!

"He’s finally dead, he’s really tenacious!" Chen Xiang took out the mouse from the Chuangshi god furnace and it unexpectedly turned into a golden light that emitted a strong golden light.

Lin Jia also felt that it was very strange, he touched the golden mouse’s body in his heart and shouted in shock: "This is ... ... This is the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body that only exists in the Venerable ancestor realm Realm! "

"This rat actually has the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body. No wonder it was so powerful, no wonder I couldn’t kill it no matter how hard I tried."

Chen Xiang had also heard about the powerful Myriad Tao Golden Body, he never thought that such a terrifying strong body would appear on a mouse.

Chen Xiang anxiously threw the rat’s corpse into the Chuangshi god furnace and said: Let me see if I can refine the pill. "Haha!"

Lin Qi took a deep breath: "Stepping into the Venerable ancestor realm, has very high requirements for the body. If I can really refine the pill, it might be able to help the strong."

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "That’s right, let’s give it a try first. If it’s really useful, then we must catch all the rats here."

Although they haven’t found the thing that was hidden here, Chen Xiang had already discovered something of value, and was waiting for him to succeed.

Lin Jia was also patiently waiting. He was currently in the Late period of Tai Zun realm, and his’ flesh ’body was not strong enough. If he could be like those rats, possessing the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body would be much easier for him.

After Chen Xiang refined it for a while, he frowned and said, "The Myriad Tao’s Golden Body is not good for incineration. As expected, it is a very strong body, and this will take a very long time."

...

...