Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

A small mouse already possessed the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body. To be able to raise such a mouse in such a place, it must be something special. Chen Xiang still suspected that someone intentionally placed these mice here to protect this mysterious place. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"It would be great if I could succeed. After taking this pill, my physical body will definitely improve very quickly." Chen Xiang now really hoped that he could become stronger and faster.

It was with great difficulty that he managed to create the Huazun Dan, but the Huazun Dan only helped him step into the Tai Zun realm.

Therefore, Chen Xiang needed to find another type of pill to quickly become stronger.

"Have you made any progress?" Lin Jitian had always been patiently waiting. After the perspiring Chen Xiang opened his eyes, he immediately asked.

"No, the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body is very difficult to burn. I have to burn it to refine it into a pill!" Chen Xiang sighed: "I’ll have to wait a little longer. It’s only been a day since I started, after a few days, will I be able to move it?"

Lin Jitian nodded his head: "Just focus on your pill refining, I’ll be fine here."

Although Lin Jitian was afraid of those mice, but if they came, he could still hold them off for a while.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang then released an even stronger Fire of Heavenly Alchemy power to burn the mouse that had the Myriad Tao’s body inside the pill furnace.

After Chen Xiang refined it consecutively for two days, he realized that there was still no change to the mouse.

This made him want to give up, because it was simply too difficult to burn!

"We can only look at the Chuangshi god furnace!" Chen Xiang activated a igniting array inside the Chuangshi god furnace, causing his flames to become even more intense.

If he did this, then in order to maintain the operation of the formation, it would consume a lot of his Dao power. Right now, he was in a rather dangerous place, so he hadn’t done this before.

Now, in order to refine this mouse, he had no choice but to use it, and at the same time, controlled the Six Realms mirrors to fly out of the barrier.

Outside the barrier, the terrifying rat would be safer.

After leaving the barrier, Chen Xiang was even more daring to refine it. After using the fire supporting array formation of the Chuangshi god furnace, his fire intensity increased by more than twofold.

After increasing his strength, he could clearly feel some progress.

"There’s movement!" Chen Xiang burned continuously in this state for two days, and finally, he had some progress. This made him very excited.

As long as it can be incinerated, there is hope that it can be refined into a pill.

"Really?" Lin Jitian was also happy and shouted.

"Hehe, with this speed, in ten days, I’ll be able to burn that mouse’s body." Chen Xiang laughed, he had already determined that the igniting array formation inside the Chuangshi god furnace was effective, so he decided to operate it like this.

However, the refining speed was still too slow for him. He controlled the Six Realms mirrors to leave this place and return to the cave where Lin Jitian stayed before.

After entering the cave, he took out many Dao crystal and placed them inside. In this way, the array formation inside the Chuangshi god furnace would be maintained by the Dao crystal.

If he were to use his own power, it would be hard for him to maintain the six burning array formations that he had just activated.

In addition, he also wanted to place the Six Realms mirrors inside the Chuangshi god furnace, so the Six Realms mirrors could release an even more powerful igniting array. This way, he would be able to burn off the mouse’s corpse much faster.

This was also the reason why he had to stay away from danger. This way, he would be able to use Six Realms mirrors to help him refine pills.

Of course, relying on a few large arrays to refine pills would consume a lot of energy. Fortunately, he had a lot of Dao crystal.

With the addition of a few large formations, the flames of Chen Xiang’s divine might became even stronger, and the speed of burning also became faster and faster. Within three days, the mouse’s body was completely burnt and refined.

Those large formations had been in operation for three days, and had consumed thirty billion Dao crystal. Right now, he already had approximately two trillion of them, so these thirty billion Dao crystal were not really too much for him.

"This is great! I never would have thought that all these formations would be activated so quickly." Chen Xiang rarely used those large formations before, because his flames were strong enough. No matter how difficult the medicinal ingredients he encountered were, as long as he had a bit of time, he would be able to handle them.

Now that he had met this mouse with the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body, he had no choice but to try this kind of formation. He had not expected it to have such a good effect.

After the rat’s body was burned, it turned into a cloud of mist, which was formed from many tiny golden particles.

What surprised Chen Xiang the most was that the ball of mist was extremely thick.

"Could it be that this golden fog is what allowed the mouse to cultivate the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body?" Although he was separated by a Chuangshi god furnace, when he used his mind to control the ball of mist, he was able to determine that the ball of mist was actually more than a million kilograms!

"Uncle Lin, can you see how heavy this pill furnace is!" Chen Xiang said, that ball of mist was extremely warm inside the pill furnace, Chen Xiang was not worried about anything else happening.

"Alright!"

Lin Jitian immediately walked over and picked up the Chuangshi god furnace Chen Xiang was carrying, and when he lifted it up, his eyebrows immediately furrowed tightly.

"At least ten million pounds. Good god, why is it so heavy?" Although Lin Jitian was carrying a heavy pill furnace, he looked to be very relaxed. This kind of weight was nothing for a cultivator like him.

"This was caused by that mouse being refined. I thought I was mistaken just now, so I let you see it." Chen Xiang said: "Now I will just have to see if I can refine it into a pill. If I succeed, maybe I can use this mouse’s body to help me cultivate the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body."

"Just look at him and you’ll know." Lin Jitian said.

Chen Xiang continued to refine it, he did not consider using Crash method, the energy inside was so terrifying, if he were to charge into it, if he did not control it well, the Chuangshi god furnace would definitely be destroyed.

Moreover, it would not be easy for him to condense that energy into a pill.

Luckily, his Six Realms mirrors was able to help him. There were many large arrays within the Six Realms mirrors, and one of them was the large formation to assist him in condensing pills. It was especially effective against this kind of powerful energy with a single attribute.

In the previous refining stage, Chen Xiang took seven days, but the condensing of a core took eight days!

He had spent a total of half a month, which meant that he wanted to wait a long time.

"I’ve finally managed to condense a pill, let’s call it Jinzun Dan!" Chen Xiang looked at the golden pellet and laughed: "Uncle Lin, I’m just looking. Please watch out for me!"

"Alright, but you have to be careful. This is something made from those mice." Lin Jitian said, his eyes filled with worry.

"Don’t worry, based on my many years of experience, there’s nothing wrong with this pill." Chen Xiang said as he ate the pellet.