Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

After eating it, a burst of energy immediately exploded out, causing Chen Xiang’s body to abruptly burst out with a burst of golden colored mist, as his body also expanded a little due to the energy. <>

Seeing this scene, Lin Jitian was so scared that he started to sweat profusely. He was worried that Chen Xiang would explode into pieces, so he anxiously walked over to inspect Chen Xiang’s body.

"Don’t worry, I’m fine." Chen Xiang grinned. Although the situation just now looked terrifying, Chen Xiang himself had felt it the most.

Although that power suddenly exploded inside his body, it didn’t cause him any pain. Instead, it made him feel very comfortable.

After Chen Xiang consumed it, he felt that the pellet was like an eternal spring that continuously surged with energy. It surged crazily in his limbs and bones, flowed through his entire body, and fused into his body, strengthening his body.

After three days, Chen Xiang was finally able to recover from the swelling. After waking up, he felt that his condition was very good, but what he did not expect was that the Six souls inside his Divine Sense Sea had actually grown a lot larger.

The Six souls was originally one of six small Heavenly beast but it had clearly become larger now. He had only eaten one Jinzun Dan.

"How do you feel? Can I cultivate it to the benefit of the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body? " Lin Jitian asked anxiously, he had been waiting anxiously for the past few days.

"I feel very good!" I am sure that this pill can help people cultivate the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body. " Chen Xiang excitedly told Lin Jitian: "But there is a lot to be done. At least a hundred of them are needed in order for a person to cultivate the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body."

A hundred pills meant a hundred terrifying rats.

"Are there many rats in that forbidden area?" Chen Xiang asked, as he understood the situation the best.

"Many, at least thousands, perhaps even tens of thousands of those rats!" Lin Jitian laughed: "Let’s go, we’re going to capture him now!"

"Alright!" If the Chuangshi god furnace of Chen Xiang could place a large amount of these mice, it would be easy for the Chuangshi god furnace to attack from the outside, but the defense of the inside was extremely strong. Wanting to come out from the inside was not easy.

Other than the Chuangshi god furnace, Chen Xiang could also lock the rats inside the Six Realms mirrors. The Six Realms mirrors had a few spaces that could store life, and one of them was specially made to hold strong things.

Chen Xiang and Lin Jitian went back to the enchantment once again, and together they captured the terrifying rats. They planned to use a long time to catch all the rats inside the enchantment.

To them, the mice inside were extremely precious medicine. As long as they could catch a large amount of it, they would be able to obtain a great fortune.

Chen Xiang calculated it and said that if he wanted to refine a hundred Jinzun Dan, then he would need three trillion Dao crystal s. This made him suddenly feel a lot of pressure, and right now, not only did he need to refine a hundred Jinzun Dan pills, he also needed to refine three hundred Jinzun Dan s for Lin Jitian and the other Mei Jing Sisters s. Then, that would be nine trillion Dao crystal s!

"I need to go back and earn more Dao crystal." Fortunately, Chen Xiang could sell the Huazun Dan now, so the Huazun Dan would definitely be very popular. At that time, he would definitely be able to earn a lot of Dao crystal from them.

In the following days, Chen Xiang and Lin Jitian were frantically catching rats. If they were to go back and tell others that they had been catching rats for the past few days, others would definitely think that they were joking. If it was true, they too thought that they had gone mad, to actually do such a thing!

Unknowingly, about nine months had passed. Chen Xiang felt that it was about time to return to the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect.

Because it was time for the Myriad Tao Mausoleum to open. He had promised the Leader s before, and this time he would go in with him.

Chen Xiang had already captured over a thousand terrifying rats, these types of rats were all imprisoned in Six Realms mirrors s, even he himself felt that it was a little ’hairy’. If these mice ran out, it would be a disaster!

"Uncle Lin, I’ll come find you after I finish refining this pill!" Chen Xiang said: "Refining this kind of pellet requires time and a large number of Dao crystal. I am unable to complete it in a short period of time."

"Of course I know, as long as you remember, it’s fine. I’m also going to the Myriad Tao Mausoleum this time, and I’ll get a little more good stuff there. I’ll sell you all the Dao crystal that I got." Lin Jitian laughed. He had seen Chen Xiang refining Jinzun Dan and he knew that one pellet would consume at least thirty billion Dao crystal.

If it was Chen Xiang taking all the responsibility of the Dao crystal, it would definitely be unbearable! Lin Jitian himself was too embarrassed to ask Chen Xiang to drop so many Dao crystal.

Chen Xiang used the Six Realms Time and Space Door and brought Lin Jitian back to the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect.

Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader was already waiting for Chen Xiang at the island where the Great Clan Elder resided. Seeing that Chen Xiang had returned, he immediately asked, "Have you used the Six Realms Time and Space Door?"

"It’s been used. Everything was successful." Chen Xiang responded, "How is Flying Dragon Experience Place doing now?"

"After a few huge battles, I finally managed to push back the Dragon Demons. However, the situation is still not looking good. It seems like the terrifying thing that is Dragon Devil Dead Land will pop out at any time." Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader said: "Let’s go, we are heading to Myriad Tao Mausoleum now!"

... ....

This time, the Four Great Divine Sects still arranged for many people to enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum to search for treasures. Chen Xiang and the Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader were together, walking at the front, and was the first group to enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

Being together with Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader, the entire journey went by without a hitch. Very quickly, arrived at Colorful Forest with Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader, then followed him and flew towards the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall.

"At that time, it will inevitably be a huge battle." Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader’s expression was solemn: "The news of you being able to enter the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall has already spread, especially those people from the Purple Blood Clan, they will definitely come to take revenge."

"But you don’t have to worry, the Leader can stop them." VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "Leader, after I entered the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall, what kind of good stuff can I get? Even though you all didn’t say it, but I feel like you all are facing a great crisis. Are you all betting everything on me now? "

"We don’t know what’s inside the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall either. In short, it’s just our hope." Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader said: "When you walk down the path of the Heavenly Refining, if you are unable to continue, enter the Six Realms Time and Space Door and come out again after recovering. You should be able to reach the end of the path after repeating this way."

"So that’s how it is... However, this would take a long time! Especially in the Heavenly Refining Road, not long after I entered, a lot of time had passed outside. Wouldn’t that be the same as losing a lot of time? " When Chen Xiang thought of this, he felt a little uncomfortable.

"If you can reach the end of the path, what’s so special about this amount of time?" The Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader chuckled, "The Heavenly Refining Great Dao will not disappoint you. You just have to rest assured that you can go."