Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader’s speed was extremely fast, and he had even taken many shortcuts. Very quickly, he arrived outside the oasis where the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall were. <>

It was just that outside this oasis, Chen Xiang could feel many powerful auras coming from the oasis, which made his heart tremble.

"What a terrifying power, just how many powerful fellows are gathered there?" Chen Xiang’s heart couldn’t help but start to pound. He had rarely felt this kind of fear before.

This feeling was as though he would die once he stepped into the oasis.

After Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader brought Chen Xiang here, he did not immediately enter the oasis either. He also felt the terrifying aura from the oasis.

"This is trouble!" Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader clenched his fists tightly. "I never thought that someone of this level would come!"

"What kind of people are they?" Chen Xiang wiped off his cold sweat and asked, he did not dare enter right now, even though he had many methods, but before that powerful existence, he was still nothing but trash.

"Divine Ghost Imperial Country’s Ghost Marshal, White Bones Imperial’s Bone King ... Also, the Flying Dragon Ghost Realm s of the Flying Dragon Ghost Realm, other than these, the purple, gold, white and black, powerful elders of the four Blood Clans are also here. " The Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader frowned and said: "Right now they are gathered here, they should be here for you."

Chen Xiang was also horrified when he heard these names.

"Then what do we do? Would you like to return it to the King’s Cage? " Chen Xiang immediately said: "Leader, can you deal with them?"

"No way!" Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader shook his head. "Even if the Leader s of our Four Great Divine Sects join forces, we can only deal with one of them.

Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader sighed: "Seems like I can only come next time, they guessed that I would bring you here this time, so they have been waiting here for a long time."

"What are they waiting for me for? They want to catch me? " Chen Xiang knew that this was related to him being able to enter the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall.

"I don’t know, but it’s not a good thing!" For the sake of safety, we can only wait. " Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader patted Chen Xiang’s shoulders: "Let’s go back now."

Flying Dragon Pagoda was currently facing a crisis, and if this were to drag on, the consequences would definitely become even more serious. Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader obviously wanted to pry into the secrets of the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall sooner so that they could obtain great strength and overcome the crisis Flying Dragon Pagoda was currently facing. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Just as Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader was walking back with Chen Xiang, he suddenly saw a black shadow flash by. Chen Xiang was extremely familiar with this aura.

"Flying Dragon Palace Leader!" Chen Xiang could not help but shout in shock.

"You want to go back?" Flying Dragon Palace Leader looked at Chen Xiang, then looked at him and asked.

"There’s nothing we can do. The strong from the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall are all gathered together. I’ll bring this kid over. I know very well what the consequences will be." Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader said helplessly.

"What if I accompany you?" Flying Dragon Palace Leader looked at the oasis in front of him: "However, I have a condition. After this guy enters the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall, he wanted to share the secret he obtained with me, telling me everything inside without reservation.

Chen Xiang felt that there was no problem with this, and said: "But you must also promise me, no matter what, you must not go against me, and must not become my enemy, and even more so, not kill me."

Although Flying Dragon Palace Leader did not directly do anything fatal to Chen Xiang, Chen Xiang did not have any good impressions towards him.

"How about establishing a blood contract?" The Flying Dragon Palace Leader said.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang readily agreed. He also urgently needed strength right now, mainly because he wanted to get rid of this bastard, Natural Law Divine Lord, so that he could return to Natural Law World as soon as possible.

After they had decided on the blood contract, Chen Xiang and Flying Dragon Palace Leader were extremely relieved. Then, he walked in front, with Chen Xiang and Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader following behind him.

"Wait a minute, if they want to make a move, I will use all my strength to stall them. Then, it will all be up to you." At this time, they had already entered the oasis.

"Can you? They have so many powerful guys. " Chen Xiang said: "Your strength should be on par with the Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable. It’s fine to deal with a single Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable, but there are several people there who are as powerful as the Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable."

"No problem at all!" The Flying Dragon Palace Leader said, "But I’m afraid not many people did it! In the past, the Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable killed all the Leader s, but I was the only one who survived, I am still very strong, and after so many years of closed door cultivation, I have also improved a lot! "

"The power of the Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable has decreased. This is mainly because he used most of his strength to create the Dragon Demon! Divine Ghost Imperial Country’s Ghost Marshal should be here to watch the show, White Bones Imperial’s Bone King should be here to help, Purple, Gold, White and Black, the Blood Tribe should be here to help as well, I can completely suppress them. "

This Flying Dragon Palace Leader was so scary, Chen Xiang was a little suspicious!

"White Bones Imperial’s Bone King will definitely take action! If my guess is not wrong, this fellow should be Natural Law Divine Lord. I have a grudge with him, he will definitely come personally. " Chen Xiang said, "Are you really that powerful? I can’t tell! "

"Hmph, Flying Dragon Experience Place has a total of nine roof, but I can already go to the seventh roof, what do you think?" Flying Dragon Palace Leader sneered: "The guy beside you, he can only go to the second floor!"

Chen Xiang looked at Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader, who’s face was also filled with shock.

It was very obvious that he was a very powerful existence that was able to go to the Seventh Heaven Stage of the Flying Dragon Experience Place!

"Great ancestor ... I didn’t expect your improvement to be so great! " The Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader exclaimed.

"Sooner or later, the Flying Dragon Pagoda will be destroyed, and the Flying Dragon Experience Place is the most precious thing to the Flying Dragon Pagoda. Before the Flying Dragon Pagoda is destroyed, I must make good use of the Flying Dragon Experience Place, or else, it will be very difficult to find a place to raise my strength in the future." The Flying Dragon Palace Leader said.

"Leader, what is the concept of Flying Dragon Experience Place’s Seventh Heaven Platform?" Chen Xiang asked in a low voice.

"If we’re talking about strength, then Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable can go to the third or fourth Heaven Stage ... If the White Bones Imperial’s Ten Great Bone Kings are like that on the fifth Heaven Stage, they are at most number six! " Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader said, "Do you understand now?!"

Chen Xiang never thought that the skinny black clad old man in front of him would actually contain such a terrifying power within his body!

"Looks like I can successfully enter the inner part of the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall this time." Chen Xiang said, "Is there really something good inside?"

"There must be, the Myriad Tao Divine Technique is inside!" Flying Dragon Palace Leader suddenly said.

"Myriad Tao Divine Technique?" Chen Xiang had never heard of such a godly skill.

"The most complete fusion of the Four Great Sacred Techniques is the Myriad Tao Divine Arts. After learning it, you will be able to integrate and master all the Four Great Sacred Techniques." The Flying Dragon Palace Leader said, "And the Heavenly Alchemy is the basic cultivation method of the Myriad Tao’s divine arts."

Chen Xiang suddenly understood why it would be easier for him to learn the other three divine arts after learning the Heavenly Alchemy.

He had not expected the four great mystical arts to be fused into one, but they had been subtly separated! [Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]