Chen Xiang felt that the so called Myriad Tao Divine Technique existed inside the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall, but it would definitely not be easy to obtain it.

"There is a legend in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, as long as you cultivate the Myriad Tao’s divine arts, you can leave the Myriad Tao Mausoleum! Many of the fellows here are imprisoned in this Myriad Tao Mausoleum, so of course they would want to leave. However, they do not have enough power, and only by cultivating the Myriad Tao Divine Arts can they break through and obtain the power to leave this place. " The Flying Dragon Palace Leader said.

Many of the people imprisoned in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum were unforgivable evildoers, such as those in the Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable and those in the Natural Law Divine Lord who were unable to leave after entering.

The reason the Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable was willing to enter this place was also to make himself stronger. Since this was a world, there were plenty of resources. The biggest benefit for him was that there was still a lot of room for growth. Otherwise, he would be restricted greatly when he was in the Flying Dragon Pagoda.

If he wasn’t careful, he would still be sealed. If he was, it would take many years for him to come out of the seal.

After entering the oasis, he was not far from the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall. Chen Xiang started to get nervous, he was going to enter the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall soon.

Stepping into the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall would require him to endure a very terrifying power. This kind of power would make him wish he were dead, as if he had been pierced by many burning needles.

"Are you ready?" Flying Dragon Palace Leader said: "We will go over first. If there’s anything wrong, I will immediately start a war with them! Then, you guys can decide for yourselves. "

"Alright!" Chen Xiang nodded.

"Granduncle, it’s up to you!" Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader said: "When I send Chen Xiang in, you will have to wait here for him to come out safely. Otherwise, even if he can reach the end of the Heavenly Refining Great Dao, if he is not protected after he comes out safely, it will all be for naught."

"Don’t worry, I’ve already considered everything." Flying Dragon Palace Leader sneered: "Let’s go!"

In the blink of an eye, the Flying Dragon Palace Leader had brought Chen Xiang and the others to the open space where the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall were.

The Heavenly Alchemy stone wall was still glowing with a gold light, and many of them were still in front of the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall, causing a strong Qi force to form there. If the weaker people were unable to resist the Qi force, they would not dare to come closer, and if they came closer, they would be covered in cold sweat from fright.

"Chen Xiang is here!"

A person shouted. No one knew who it was, but with this shout, the atmosphere immediately changed, becoming solemn and murderous.

Feeling the killing intent, Chen Xiang could not help but be shocked, there were many people here that wanted to kill him, but he did not know why!

"Flying Dragon Palace Leader!" Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable growled, it was a tall man dressed in black dragon scale armor, upon seeing Flying Dragon Palace Leader, his face revealed a look of hatred.

Flying Dragon Palace Leader only scanned the people here, then brought Chen Xiang and Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader to the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall.

Just as they were walking over, a few auras immediately attacked them. At that time, Chen Xiang could feel the aura of the Natural Law Divine Lord and he immediately looked towards him.

Natural Law Divine Lord was dressed in a white robe, he was a man with a pale face and white hair. When he saw Chen Xiang, his eyes flashed with a trace of ruthlessness.

"What are you guys doing?" Flying Dragon Palace Leader shouted loudly. His black robe suddenly broke and flashed with several golden lights, each of them transforming into a flying dragon. They flew up high in the sky and turned into hundreds of huge golden dragons, covering the entire oasis’s sky.

Golden rays of light shot down from the sky as the golden dragon lightning continued to strike down. A rumbling sound was accompanied by waves of majestic dragon roars, shaking the earth until it seemed as if it was about to split open.

Under the immense pressure of the dragon, many people felt that their shoulders were too heavy to move.

At this time, the Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader brought Chen Xiang to the front of the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall. Chen Xiang immediately activated the Dao Energy in his body and released the Heavenly Alchemy immortal power.

After releasing the Heavenly Alchemy immortal power, the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall had a reaction and immediately sucked Chen Xiang into it! Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

After Chen Xiang entered the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall, he knew nothing about what was happening outside, and he also knew that time was of the essence. He only spent a short amount of time inside, while many days would have passed outside.

Flying Dragon Palace Leader and Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader will stay outside for a while longer, and the danger will increase!

"The battle outside must be very intense. It’s such a pity that we didn’t manage to spectate for a while!" Chen Xiang did want to see it, but now was not the time.

Inside the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall, the Great Way of the Heavenly Refining appeared. After he stepped onto the Great Way of the Heavenly Refining, the power that made him feel fear appeared, and it was as if his body was suddenly struck by a few strong streams of scorching Qi. The sudden pressure made him feel as if he was being crushed, and he almost vomited blood.

"Why is this power getting stronger and stronger?" Chen Xiang was shocked, he had thought that after raising his strength, he would be able to resist the power of the Great Way of the Heavenly Refining, but who knew that as his cultivation level increased, the power inside would also increase.

"Although the power of the Great Dao of Heavenly Refining has increased, my strength has increased even more!" Chen Xiang looked at the endless great Dao of heavenly refinement, and suddenly felt powerless in his heart. He felt that reaching the end was simply too far, and he would need to suffer and suffer the entire way.

Thinking of this, he began to feel fear in the depths of his heart. He wanted to retreat!

However, in order to obtain the supreme Myriad Tao Divine Arts hidden within, in order to defeat the Natural Law Divine Lord, he had to reach the end. Only then could he obtain the Divine Arts, become stronger, seize control of the Natural Law World, and return to see his beloved that he had always missed.

As long as he thought of the lover that he had respected for many years, Chen Xiang was suddenly filled with fighting spirit. Gritting his teeth and rushing forward, in the end, he could not bear the pain and kneeled on the ground, almost falling down.

"Six Realms Time and Space Door!" Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors s, and let himself enter the Six Realms Time and Space Door.

Even though his mind had only gone in, his physical body outside did not experience any more pain. This surprised him; he did not expect this to be useful.

Previously, Six Realms Sect Leader was not sure if this would work, but now, he did not expect it to have such a good effect.

"This way, my body will be able to recover for a period of time. I wonder how much time has passed outside." Even when Chen Xiang was inside the Six Realms Time and Space Door, he did not feel the loss of time.

After that, he came out of the Six Realms Time and Space Door, sprinting on an extremely painful path. After he could not take it anymore, he immediately entered the Six Realms Time and Space Door to heal his injuries. After repeating this tens of times, he walked on the great path of the Heavenly Refining, and just like that, he passed a long, painful year.

The rainbow had always been after the rain, and although it had caused Chen Xiang to feel pain all over, he had finally reached the end of the Heavenly Refining Great Dao!

...

...