Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

At the end of the path was a table. On the table was a white jade book with nothing written on the cover. The updates were quick.

When Chen Xiang came to the table, the burning pain suddenly disappeared, causing his entire body to relax. He carefully ’touched’ the book, and felt a chill.

He picked up the jade book and opened it. Every page inside was blank. There was nothing inside!

"Is this the Myriad Tao Divine Technique?" Chen Xiang looked around, and even went under the table to look once, but he did not find anything.

Just as he was about to carefully inspect the mahogany table, he realized that many cracks had suddenly appeared on the table. Then, it shattered, turning into a red light and flew away.

"Is this the only thing at the end of the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall?" Chen Xiang looked at the book in his hands and frowned. There was nothing written on it!

"Try dripping blood!" Chen Xiang immediately dripped blood on it, but to no avail.

Following that, he used many techniques to prevent the book from making any movements. Coming here, he obtained this mysterious thing, causing Chen Xiang to suddenly want to curse.

He had placed all his hopes on this book, but there was nothing about it!

"There must be something ..." Chen Xiang released the Heavenly Alchemy immortal power and gave it a try, but there was still no response.

After tossing and turning for the majority of the day, Chen Xiang rested for a bit, but he did not despair.

After all, he had been busy for a very long time. He would never give up on something like this.

"We’ll talk about it when we get back. I wonder if the Flying Dragon Palace Leader will be able to do anything about it?" Chen Xiang looked at the Heavenly Refining Great Dao, and his scalp went numb, because he still had to endure the pain and walk back.

"Heavenly Alchemy stone wall, this broken place!" Chen Xiang could not help but curse, and then stepped onto the Heavenly Refining Great Dao. Just as he stepped onto it, he originally thought that he would immediately endure immense pain, but it did not come.

Chen Xiang was ecstatic, he laughed: "Haha, when we reach the end, we’ll go back and be fine!"

Just like this, Chen Xiang continued to run wildly all the way, stopping and walking uncontrollably. He did not have to endure the pain, hence he was extremely fast!

In just a day’s time, he had reached the big ’door’ that led in!

It had taken him over a year to get here, but he had only taken a single day to get back. This meant that this path was not very long. It was just that it was very difficult to walk on.

Chen Xiang stood in front of the light curtain and took a deep breath. He didn’t know what would happen after he left, and he didn’t know how many years had passed since he came out. In short, when he came in, the fight outside was extremely fierce!

"Let’s go all out!" Chen Xiang clenched his teeth, and ran frantically towards the light screen.

After rushing out, what Chen Xiang saw shocked him. It was not an oasis anymore, it was filled with water!

The short mountain that the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall was on was now like an island in the middle of the water.

Chen Xiang looked forward, in front of him was the endless blue ocean. It was currently noon, and the sun was extremely intense.

"What happened? You became like this after a single battle? " Chen Xiang climbed to the top of the mountain where the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall was.

"Hey!" Chen Xiang shouted, but there was no reaction.

"What should I do now? Go back? The direction has changed! " Chen Xiang was now unable to determine the direction to return to. Previously, Flying Dragon Palace Leader had promised him that he would wait for him outside, but now, he had yet to come.

Just as Chen Xiang was about to leave, he suddenly saw a small golden dragon swimming towards him like a small snake.

"This should be the Flying Dragon Palace Leader’s golden dragon!" Chen Xiang had seen the golden dragon released by the Flying Dragon Palace Leader before, and its aura was the same as this little golden dragon’s.

He immediately went over and caught the little golden dragon and asked, "Can you hear me? What had happened? Why is there such a huge change outside! " VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"You’re still alive!" The golden dragon spoke out. It was the voice of the Flying Dragon Palace Leader.

"Nonsense, of course I’m alive! Just what is going on, I want to go back! " Chen Xiang suddenly felt that a long time had passed outside.

He suddenly wanted to curse. He had lost so much time because he couldn’t understand a single book.

"What’s the situation now?" Chen Xiang asked.

The little gold dragon sighed and said, "This has already been over ten thousand years! This is the only body I have left. "

"What? You’re already dead?" Chen Xiang did not dare believe that the extremely strong Flying Dragon Palace Leader would actually die, and only the little golden dragon remained to support his existence.

"It’s not that I’m completely dead, it’s just that my body has been destroyed and my soul is still there." Flying Dragon Palace Leader said: "All these years, I have been waiting for you to appear here. Now, I have finally found you! "Oh right, how long have you been in there?"

"It’s only been a little more than a year and it’s already been ten thousand years outside. Damn it, laozi is spending so much time on it!" Chen Xiang could not help but scold loudly, as he held onto the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall tightly: "What happened to this broken stone wall? Why isn’t the light shining anymore? No one will come to understand what is going on with this Myriad Tao Mausoleum, there’s water everywhere! "

Jin Long sighed. "In the past ten thousand years, many things have happened... You definitely didn’t expect that, among them, all of the Four Great Divine Sects s died! "

"What? They ..." They are all dead! " Chen Xiang was stunned, he did not dare believe that Heavenly Alchemy Sect Leader, who he had been laughing and talking with was now dead, and this was more than a year ago.

"Why? Why would they die?" Chen Xiang suddenly thought of Lin Jitian, the Great Clan Elder and the people who were on good terms with him, and he wondered how they were doing.

"It’s a long story!" The Flying Dragon Palace Leader lied on the ground and said, "I’ll tell you slowly!"

The Flying Dragon Palace Leader and Chen Xiang talked for a long time, listening to Chen Xiang’s shocked tone. In the past ten thousand years, there had been too many things happening! Although the Flying Dragon Pagoda was not destroyed, the world had been turned upside down inside, especially above the Thousand Floors, which was now the world of the Dragon Demons!

Humans had already become very low level organisms, and could only survive if they were loyal to the Dragon Demon. Four Great Divine Sects and the Flying Dragon Palace were completely ruled by the Dragon Demon!

When the Flying Dragon Palace Leader suffered a crushing defeat in battle with the Dragon Elder, he could only protect his soul and hide inside the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, which was why he was not killed.

Dragon Demon Sovereign did not dare enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, and he hated the Myriad Tao Mausoleum very much, so he would send many strong humans there soon, causing a huge commotion inside. He even cooperated with the White Bones Imperial and the Flying Dragon Ghost Realm, making a mess of the inside of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

As for the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall, because it was hard for it to comprehend anything again, it had gradually been forgotten!

"I obtained this at the end of the Heavenly Refining Great Dao. I wonder just what use it has!" Chen Xiang took out the nameless jade book and helplessly said: "You’ve been wasting so much time, just because you got this thing?"

"This... This is the Myriad Tao Divine Arts, you have succeeded. " Flying Dragon Palace Leader said excitedly.

...

...