Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang could not believe that this thing, which did not have any content, was actually the legendary Myriad Tao Divine Arts!

"Is this true? Why is there nothing in it? " Chen Xiang anxiously said: "Palace Lord, do you know of any way to use it? "Hurry up and tell me!"

Ten thousand years had passed, and Chen Xiang also didn’t know how the Natural Law World was doing right now. He was extremely anxious, and really wanted to return to take a look, but he didn’t have enough strength. The updates were quick.

"Open this book and put it on the ground. I’ll try." The Flying Dragon Palace Leader seemed to have a deep understanding of the Myriad Tao Divine Arts. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Chen Xiang nodded and followed his instructions.

"You just wait patiently." Flying Dragon Palace Leader didn’t know what to do as he laid on the jade book.

While Chen Xiang was waiting, he entered the Six Realms Time and Space Door to check Xue Xianxian’s Wheel of Fate. After he finished looking, he discovered that Xue Xianxian’s Wheel of Fate was still in quite a good state, and he could still feel joy and happiness from it. This made him feel a lot more at ease, and he then went to inspect the Wheel of Fate of his other ’women’ one by one, who were already friends and relatives.

As long as the Wheel of Destiny was still there, it wouldn’t be a big deal.

Lin Jitian and the Great Clan Elder were also here, which meant that they were still alive. The Four Great Divine Sects’s Wheel of Fate was already gone, and they were indeed dead.

When Chen Xiang was inside the Six Realms Time and Space Door, he suddenly felt a strong wave of Heavenly Alchemy immortal power outside, he immediately left the Six Realms Time and Space Door. He saw that the ’Jade Book’, which was placed on the ground and opened, released a golden light that shot towards the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall.

Chen Xiang looked at the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall that was being ’shot’ by the golden light. Seeing that there were more than a hundred chants written on it, he immediately memorized them all.

"This is the complete extent of the Myriad Tao’s divine arts ... Although it is simple, it can combine the Four Great Sacred Arts and fuse them into one. If you have the Four Great Sacred Techniques in your mind, you can combine them all to form the Myriad Tao Divine Arts. " Flying Dragon Palace Leader said, "Do you remember now?"

"I’ve already remembered it." Chen Xiang said.

"Alright!" After Flying Dragon Palace Leader finished speaking, the ’jade’ book stopped releasing a golden light.

"Keep it safe, only by cooperating with the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall can you see the contents. You have memorized it already, so you won’t need it again in the future." Flying Dragon Palace Leader said: "Your trip this time wasn’t in vain. It has already allowed you to obtain the Myriad Tao’s divine arts."

Flying Dragon Palace Leader had also learned it himself, but it was not convenient for him to cultivate in his current state, so there was a sense of loss in his voice.

"Then how is Natural Law Divine Lord now?" Chen Xiang asked.

"He’s still the Bone King of the White Bones Imperial. He was originally ranked seventh, but now he’s ranked first. This guy has a pretty good relationship with the Dragon Demon Lord, even though they haven’t met each other before." The Flying Dragon Palace Leader said.

Even the Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable had to call him master, it showed just how powerful he was.

Now that Dragon Demon Sovereign has taken over the Flying Dragon Experience Place, only with his permission can they enter it to cultivate. Otherwise, no one is allowed to enter.

After the Flying Dragon Experience Place was taken over, the growth of humans was limited. This way, it would be difficult for them to defeat the Dragon Demons in the future.

As long as you were in Flying Dragon Pagoda, you would be enslaved by the Dragons and Demons for your entire life!

The ancient Transmission array that was teleported from the Flying Dragon Pagoda to the Myriad Tao Mausoleum was also controlled by the Dragon Demons, making it even more difficult to enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

"Why did this place become a sea?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Wasn’t it because of the war ... The battle was too intense, causing the ground around the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall to collapse. Afterwards, more and more water came from the Rainbow River, and over time, it became an ocean. " Flying Dragon Palace Leader mounted Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors.

"Do you want to return to the Flying Dragon Pagoda now?" The Flying Dragon Palace Leader said.

"That’s right, I have to go back. With my ability, it shouldn’t be a problem for me to quietly grow inside." Chen Xiang said.

"But... It’s not easy for you to return. The formation to return is already under the control of the Dragon Demons. " The Flying Dragon Palace Leader replied, "It was also with great difficulty that I came here back then."

As long as I leave this area, I will be able to use my spatial power and return to the Flying Dragon Pagoda. With my current strength, this shouldn’t be a problem. Chen Xiang said.

"That’s for the best, then let’s go back! You must think of a way to go to the Flying Dragon Experience Place, a place that can make you stronger. " The current Flying Dragon Palace Leader was extremely weak, so he could only rely on Chen Xiang.

Although Chen Xiang did not have any good impressions towards the Flying Dragon Palace, he and the Flying Dragon Palace Leader did not have any deep grudges either. They had a common enemy now, and both had a common goal.

The Flying Dragon Palace Leader was not as arrogant as before. After all, he no longer had the strength that could look down on all the heroes, and he could no longer be arrogant.

Under the guidance of the Flying Dragon Palace Leader, Chen Xiang came to the Divine Ghost Imperial Country and then used the power of space to return there.

When he returned, he used the Six Realms Time and Space Door, so he was able to sense where Lin Jitian was.

"So fast!" Although the Flying Dragon Palace Leader was strong in the past, they were not strong enough to be like Chen Xiang.

"It’s also exhausting my strength." Chen Xiang let out a long breath, "Ten thousand years have passed, but I haven’t made any progress in all these years. The Dragon Demons in the Flying Dragon Pagoda must be very strong."

"That’s not it. You are an early stage Tai Zun realm after all, and you even possess a Heavenly Alchemy immortal power!" The Flying Dragon Palace Leader said: "Even though the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect is dead, he left you something. It is in the Great Clan Elder’s hands, you must find the Great Clan Elder."

"What is it?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"The most valuable treasure of the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect, the Heavenly Refining Divine Cauldron!" The Flying Dragon Palace Leader said, "This is a supreme divine object, the Heavenly Alchemy soul was created using the divine furnace. Back then, he risked his life just to protect this divine object and let the Great Clan Elder take it away."

"Is he really going to give it to me?" Chen Xiang didn’t dare believe that such an important thing was actually going to be given to him.

"Who should I give it to if not you? Only you are worthy of this divine cauldron, your Heavenly Alchemy soul and body are fused, and you are even cultivating the Myriad Tao Divine Technique. " Flying Dragon Palace Leader said: "So you have to quickly find the Great Clan Elder. Right now, many people are looking for him ... ... Especially that Zhao Clan! "

"Zhao Clan?" Of course Chen Xiang did not forget. He was just curious about how the Zhao Clan was doing now.

"Zhao Clan is now a follower of the Dragon Demon, a lackey of the Dragon Demon. These bastards!" The Flying Dragon Palace Leader cursed.

"Alright, I’ll go find the Great Elder now, but I need to find two friends first. They’re both pretty strong." Chen Xiang wanted to find Lin Jitian and Little Bat, they were still alive.

Lin Jitian was now near him.

...

...