Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Although Flying Dragon Palace Leader was the only overlord of the Flying Dragon Palace and was extremely powerful, many people in the Flying Dragon Palace knew that he was very respectful.

However, ever since he had lost, the people who had been loyal to him in the Flying Dragon Palace had all pledged their allegiance to the Dragon Demon. Only then would they be able to continue living.

When the Flying Dragon Palace Leader brought up this matter, he really wanted to go to the Flying Dragon Palace and kill all of those fence-sitters.

Chen Xiang came to the foot of a large tree. The trunk of the tree was very thick, and could fit a small house inside.

"Uncle Lin." Chen Xiang shouted from the powerful tree trunk.

Using the Dao heart Eye, Chen Xiang could immediately tell that there was a space inside the tree trunk, but he could not clearly see if there was anyone inside.

However, he had sensed from the Six Realms Time and Space Door that Lin Jitian’s ingyun wheel was here, so Lin Jitian would definitely be.

"Isn’t it here? "That’s impossible!" Chen Xiang waited a while, but still did not make any move, as his heart was filled with suspicions.

Just as Chen Xiang was about to use the spatial teleportation technique, the big tree suddenly shook, and released a white light, then Lin Jitian walked out.

"Uncle Lin!" Chen Xiang was very excited.

Lin Jitian was even more agitated than him, he had thought that Chen Xiang had died and it had been ten thousand years since they last met.

"Brat, you didn’t die! That’s great!" Lin Jitian quickly pulled Chen Xiang into the tree trunk.

Behind the jinqui was a small hall, where Lin Jitian had been hiding all these years.

Chen Xiang could also tell that Lin Jitian’s current cultivation was still at the Late period of Tai Zun realm, so it would not be easy for him to step into it.

"Uncle Lin, how have you been these past few years?" have you not stepped into the Venerable ancestor realm yet? " Chen Xiang felt that this ten thousand years should be enough for Lin Jitian to break through.

Lin Jitian shook his head: "Right now, improving is becoming more and more difficult. According to what I know, if one wants to enter the Venerable ancestor realm, they would normally have to go to the Flying Dragon Experience Place to cultivate.

"What about the little bats? Do you have any contact with him? " Chen Xiang asked. The little bat had said before that it would cultivate and charge into the Venerable ancestor realm.

"He has already become your ancestor. I haven’t seen him for many years. The last time I saw him was more than a thousand years ago." Lin Jitian sighed: "Last time, he said that he was going to the Dragon Devil Dead Land. I wonder how he is doing now."

"Why do you want to go to the Flying Dragon Experience Place after stepping into the Venerable ancestor realm?" Chen Xiang released the little golden dragon. This was the Flying Dragon Palace Leader, he understood the matters of the Flying Dragon Experience Place the best.

The Flying Dragon Palace Leader said: "The Flying Dragon Experience Place has a special power, and after actually cultivating inside, it can allow people to cultivate the Golden Body of the Myriad Tao. If they want to become an ancestor, they must have the Golden Body of the Myriad Tao."

Lin Jitian nodded, "I never thought that after separating for ten thousand years, how have you been? Where are they? "

"I’m inside the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall ... I’ve only been inside for more than a year. " Speaking of this matter, Chen Xiang felt very uncomfortable, he had lost ten thousand years in vain.

Then, Chen Xiang told Lin Jitian about the situation inside the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall.

Lin Jitian knew that Chen Xiang was still alive, and also knew that there was hope!

Now that the Flying Dragon Experience Place was under the control of the dragon demon, without extremely powerful strength, it was impossible to overthrow the dragon demon’s rule. In that case, it would be almost impossible to use the Flying Dragon Experience Place to cultivate the Golden Body of the Myriad Tao.

However, Chen Xiang was able to use the corpse of such a terrifying mouse to refine a Jinzun Dan, and this Jinzun Dan was able to help a person cultivate the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body.

Because he could not break through, Lin Jitian looked much older.

Chen Xiang now knew that refining Jinzun Dan was his top priority, but he still had to find Little Bat and the Great Clan Elder. In this situation, he needed to gather these trustworthy people.

After Chen Xiang sensed the little bat’s location from the Six Realms Time and Space Door, he brought Lin Jitian there. This place was very close to the Dragon Devil Dead Land, and when they arrived, Chen Xiang sensed the aura of the Dragon Demon and thought that he had entered the Dragon Devil Dead Land.

If Lin Jitian had not told him that this was only a city outside of Dragon Devil Dead Land, he would not have believed it!

"How is it inside the Dragon Devil Dead Land?" Chen Xiang looked in the direction where the dragon’s demonic aura was coming from.

"There are a lot of Dragon Demons there. They have already built a city inside, but I have no idea where these Dragon Demons came from." Lin Jitian said: "Are you sure that the little bat is here?"

"I’m sure I’ll be able to find him soon." Chen Xiang said, then once again entered the Six Realms Time and Space Door. Not long later, he teleported with Lin Jitian.

This time they came to a dark cave in the mountain.

Coming here and sensing the weak aura of the little bat, Lin Jitian immediately shouted excitedly: "Little bat, I am Old Lin!"

When Lin Jitian shouted, the surroundings suddenly lit up, only to see a gigantic golden bat hanging upside down on the belly of the mountain, following that, a green haired teenager running out from the dragon bat’s wings.

The little bat looked like a child previously, but now he was a teenager. His strength had increased a lot as well.

"Old Lin, Chen Xiang!" The little bat knew them and couldn’t help but laugh happily.

Afterwards, Chen Xiang and the other two started to chat with each other. They knew that the reason the little bats were at this place was to observe the Dragon Devil Dead Land, because there were too many secrets hidden in the Dragon Devil Dead Land.

He had been here for many years, and had gained a lot! CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"There are already cities built in the Dragon Devil Dead Land, and all of these cities actually have Transmission array s. These Transmission array s are actually connected to other large cities." The little bat said: "These Transmission array are not easy to arrange, but they understand!"

"There must be a master capable of using the Transmission array to help them from the back." Chen Xiang said, "Who exactly is it? Why are you helping these guys! "

"I don’t know. In short, the Demonic Dragon has gradually become more human. On the outside, it looks like a human, but if we fight, it will reveal the shape of a Demonic Dragon." The little bat shook its head: "There are currently many Dragon Demons in the Dragon Devil Dead Land. In the few large cities, humans are allowed to join them, and I need to agree to become their slave or serve one of the Dragon Demons."

"Humans have a very low status in there. If you have strength, you don’t need to be a slave, but you need to be one of their subordinates."

Chen Xiang said: "We must change this situation. These Dragon Demons are always hidden dangers. We don’t even know what they want to do!"

After that, Chen Xiang told Little Bat of his plan to look for the Great Clan Elder with him. He was worried that he would encounter danger on the way, because with the protection of the Venerable ancestor realm, he would be much safer.