Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Bat immediately promised Chen Xiang to go with him to look for the Great Clan Elder. The updates were quick.

The Great Clan Elder had the Spirit Refining Furnace in his hands, and Chen Xiang felt that if he could get it, it would allow him to refine the Jinzun Dan a little faster.

In this situation, it was hard for him to earn Dao crystal by selling pellets and medicines, and he did not have many Dao crystal with him right now. If he were to use Chuangshi god furnace s to refine, he would need a large number of Dao crystal.

When Chen Xiang sensed the Great Clan Elder from the Wheel of Fate in the Six Realms Time and Space Door, he realized that the situation for the Great Clan Elder was not bad. Her life force was extremely strong, and from this, Chen Xiang could tell that the Great Clan Elder was in a very good condition.

Moreover, he could clearly sense the location of the Great Elder!

After teleporting twice, Chen Xiang finally arrived at the place where the Great Clan Elder was hiding. This was a desolate, lifeless land.

However, not long after, he saw an old man quickly flying over. It was the grand elder.

When the Great Clan Elder of the Refining Divine Sects saw Chen Xiang, he was very excited and immediately increased his speed by a fold.

At this moment, he still could not believe it. He pinched Chen Xiang’s arm and felt that there was blood and flesh on it.

Lin Jia, the bat sitting beside Chen Xiang, also started laughing.

"Grand Elder, have you been well these past few years?" Chen Xiang smiled slightly.

"He’s still alive. That’s not too bad." The Great Clan Elder laughed bitterly. Even though he was still alive, the entire Divine Sects was already under the control of someone else. The Zhao Clan controlled the Divine Sects and he was often hunted down and killed by the Zhao Clan.

What caused him the most grief was the death of the Leader who refined the Divine Sects!

"Do you have anything to gain from going inside the stone wall?" The Great Elder asked.

"Yes!" Chen Xiang nodded: "Let’s talk somewhere else!"

The Myriad Tao Divine Arts that Chen Xiang had obtained from the stone wall was extremely important, he had planned to pass it down to the Great Clan Elder since the Great Clan Elder had brought the Leader along with him!

The Great Clan Elder brought Chen Xiang into a secret room deep underground. After he went down there, Chen Xiang immediately passed down the Myriad Tao’s Divine Arts to him.

When the Great Clan Elder obtained the Myriad Tao’s Divine Arts, he felt excited and at the same time sad. If the Leader was still alive, he would definitely be very happy.

"This is the Spirit Refinement Furnace, Leader gave it to me that day and asked me to transfer it to you. If I didn’t fulfill Leader’s last wish, I would have already gone to Dragon Devil Dead Land and fought for my life." The Great Clan Elder handed the Spirit Refinement Furnace over to Chen Xiang. It was a golden cauldron, and it looked very simple, as if it was made by a child using mud.

"This is the Spirit Refinement Furnace?" Why does it look so terrible! " Bat said, "It’s like being pinched by a child!"

"Hehe, this Spirit Refinement Furnace is truly being pinched by a child. Moreover, it is the first cauldron under the heavens!" "Legend has it that after the child produced a cauldron, a surge of power was absorbed by the child. The cauldron also absorbed the first bit of power from the earth, so it became this Spirit Refining Furnace."

"Of course, this is only passing down from the sect. I don’t know if it’s true or not, but in short, this is the Spirit Refinement Furnace without a doubt." The Great Elder said.

Chen Xiang took it over and held it in his hand. When he touched it, he could feel the terrifying power within the Spirit Refinement Furnace ...

Then, he took out the Chuangshi god furnace!

The Chuangshi god furnace had also merged with other cauldrons before, so he wanted to see if the Chuangshi god furnace could still fuse with this Spirit Refinement Furnace.

What he did not expect was that they were able to fuse together once again, and the two cauldrons actually came into a tacit understanding as they clashed.

The moment they collided, a golden light flashed. Chen Xiang and the others could not see the situation clearly!

"What’s going on?" The Great Clan Elder was extremely anxious. This was a treasure of the Divine Sects, and now this strange phenomenon had occurred.

"After fusing the Spirit Refinement Furnace with my pill furnace, I will still be able to preserve the abilities of the Spirit Refinement Furnace." Chen Xiang laughed: "Don’t worry."

The Chuangshi god furnace and the Spirit Refinement Cauldron quickly merged together, and their shape did not change much, and they still looked like Chuangshi god furnace!

However, Chen Xiang realized that Chuangshi god furnace could also transform into the shape of a Spirit Refinement Cauldron!

Of course, Chuangshi god furnace s were more beautiful!

"It’s fused ..." "What’s this called?" The Great Clan Elder could not help but exclaim in his heart when he saw the treasure he obtained from refining the Divine Sects change to something else.

"Cauldron Forging Furnace!" Chen Xiang laughed: "This thing should be able to speed up my refining process. If it’s true, we might not be able to change the situation!"

The Great Elder shook his head. As long as that guy is alive, there will be no hope for us at all. He is a very powerful being, and even Flying Dragon Palace Leader died miserable deaths in his hands! "

"I’m not dead yet!" Flying Dragon Palace Leader suddenly ran out and shouted. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"Fly ..." Flying Dragon Palace Leader, you are still alive! " The Great Elder said in surprise.

"Of course I’m alive. How can I die that easily? Sooner or later, I will seek out the Draconians to seek revenge. " At this time, Flying Dragon Palace Leader had also grasped the Myriad Tao Divine Arts. With the Myriad Tao Divine Arts, he felt that he still had a chance to make a comeback.

"That’s good. I will now continue to refine pills. First, I will allow Uncle Lin and Great Elder Lin to become revered ancestors!" Chen Xiang said. Ten thousand years had passed and the Great Elder was still in the Late period of Tai Zun realm, so his situation was the same as the Lin Family’s.

"You have a way?" The Great Clan Elder couldn’t believe that Chen Xiang could actually refine a pill that could help him step into the revered ancestor realm.

"I just have a certain amount of confidence that I can do it. This will take a bit of time." Chen Xiang said: "Right now, I need to make a trip to Myriad Tao Mausoleum!"

"Why are you going to the Myriad Tao Mausoleum?" The Great Clan Elder did not understand, "The situation in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum is also very bad, Divine Ghost Imperial Country does not dare to casually open the big doors of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum now!"

"It’s fine, even if I don’t open the door, I can still enter!" Chen Xiang laughed: "All you need to do is wait here for me. Right, you guys must think of a way to ’get’ more Dao crystal for me. I need a large number of Dao crystal right now, and it would be best if I could get a few trillion! "

Tens of billions of Dao crystal were all there! However, Lin Jia, Bat and Great Elder were not ordinary people. Although they could not guarantee that they could get their hands on it, they still nodded their heads and promised Chen Xiang as much as possible as they tried to get their hands on more Dao crystal.

Chen Xiang only had three trillion Dao crystal on hand, he did not know if it was enough!

If Chen Xiang could enter the Six Realms Time and Space Door and grasp the power of space, he could teleport himself out and enter the Divine Ghost Imperial Country s.

There were no spatial restrictions within Myriad Tao Mausoleum, so Chen Xiang could easily enter.

Once again entering the Divine Ghost Imperial Country, Chen Xiang followed his memories and arrived outside the house where the Time Ghost was.

In order to save time, Chen Xiang could only come to Time Ghost!

"Time Ghost, I’m here again. Do you still remember me?" Chen Xiang snickered after entering.

"It’s you!" You... How did you get here? does not seem to have opened it yet. " Time Ghost exclaimed: "You have become much stronger!"

"Un, not bad. I need to buy some time now!" Chen Xiang said with a smile, "Is it still okay now?"

...

...