Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

If Chen Xiang wanted to quickly refine Jinzun Dan, he would need a large number of Dao crystal to activate the array formation inside the furnace, but he did not have that many Dao crystal. The updates were quick.

Therefore, he could only use more time to refine it, which was why he thought of coming to this place to look for Time Ghost.

"Of course you can, but the usual price is one billion Dao crystal for one hour. If you stay inside for one hour, it will only take two hours!" Time Ghost was very willing, he had not had any business for a very long time.

"I’m going to stay here a little longer." Chen Xiang laughed: "Is that okay too?"

"No problem, as long as you have many Dao crystal, you can stay as long as you want." On one hand, there were very few people who could find him here, and adding that the opening of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum’s Earth Gate was not that frequent, the last time someone came here, was seven to eight thousand years ago.

The last time he bought the time from Time Ghost, it was also with Chen Xiang!

"Alright, I’ll buy 30 first!" Chen Xiang gave Time Ghost thirty billion Dao crystal.

If he were to use an array formation to refine a Jinzun Dan, the cost would be over ten billion, but now that the Chuangshi god furnace and the Spirit Refinement Furnace had fused into a furnace, the speed would definitely increase.

Chen Xiang estimated that he only needed twenty billion Dao crystal to do that! ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Right now, he did not know that this method was more worthwhile, so he could only enter and give it a try.

Chen Xiang took out a mouse from the Six Realms mirrors. This mouse had entered into the Refining Stone Wall with him, so the time they spent there was the same. It had only been a little more than a year.

"Now let’s see if I can refine this thing without activating the formation inside the cauldron." Chen Xiang placed the mouse into the furnace and poured the strong divine flame.

After entering the furnace, the divine power fire immediately increased by more than ten times. It had suddenly increased by this much, which was unexpected for Chen Xiang!

"The Spirit Refinement Cauldron is indeed powerful. After it merged with my Chuangshi god furnace, it became even more formidable!" Chen Xiang was extremely agitated. Even if he did not use Dao crystal s now, he could still incinerate the mouse’s Myriad Tao’s Golden Body.

"According to this speed, I should be able to refine one out of three pills!" Even if I had to use thirty billion Dao crystal s to activate the formation previously, it would still take me half a month. According to this speed, I can refine ten of them in a month inside this place.

"I need to stay here for 300 pills before I can refine 100 of them. About 100 of them can cultivate the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body!" Chen Xiang thought, it was not that hard a task for him, but it would be a little boring.

"Looks like I have to try out the Crash method. If I am successful in my attempt, I might only need fifty of them to cultivate to reach the Myriad Tao Golden Body. I can also save more rat ’flesh’."

Chen Xiang patted the furnace, feeling that it should be able to withstand the power that came out from the collision.

"Alright, let’s try to use the Crash method!" Chen Xiang had already made his decision, thinking that he needed to become stronger even faster. After all, ten thousand years had passed since the dao world started.

After two more days, Chen Xiang was already prepared to condense the pellet, and in order to perform the Crash method, he needed to do so at this stage.

He took a deep breath and then skillfully activated the Crash method, controlling the lump of golden energy into eight strands, and then fiercely collided with them!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

As expected, the furnace was able to withstand the pressure. Even though there was a lot of commotion, the furnace was fine.

"It’s a success!" Chen Xiang was also sweating profusely, he himself had tensed up in that instant, he was extremely satisfied with his control, and was able to hold out just now.

"What the hell are you doing?" Time Ghost was shocked by the commotion.

"I’m concocting pills!" What’s wrong? "Does it have a big impact on your room?" Chen Xiang asked: "Don’t tell me that you’ve ’ruined this house’, right?"

"Of course not, it’s just a little scary!" The Time Ghost laughed.

"Time Ghost, hasn’t your Divine Ghost Imperial Country’s Ghost Emperor woken up? I heard that your Divine Ghost Imperial Country was being suppressed really severely. " Chen Xiang asked.

"Isn’t that so? There’s no other way. Who knew that when the Flying Dragon Ghost Realm and the White Bones Imperial united, our dynasty would become like that? " Time Ghost said.

"So, what are you going to do next?" Chen Xiang asked again.

"I don’t know, how could a minion like me know?" However, the current Myriad Tao Mausoleum is in a very bad situation. It has been a long time since such a noisy and noisy situation has occurred, would there be a big battle? " The Time Ghost replied, "Fortunately, I do not need to participate in the battle."

Chen Xiang asked a few more questions, but Time Ghost didn’t understand any of them, so Chen Xiang didn’t continue asking.

Next, he charged at the Jinzun Dan twice!

Very quickly, the second collision ended and a Spiritual God was born! Pills with a Spiritual God could form and refine themselves.

"Great! With a Spiritual God, I’ll be able to fuse a lot more!" Chen Xiang laughed out loud. After that, he would enter the Core Formation stage, and after that, he would be unable to control himself.

Very quickly, this [Second Crash] s Jinzun Dan was refined, and Chen Xiang immediately ate it. That way, he would be able to find out how effective the medicine was!

After eating, the Jinzun Dan refined itself, and the refining speed was extremely fast. It wasn’t long before he clearly knew the effects.

"It’s five times better than before. In that case, I only need twenty of them to cultivate the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body." Chen Xiang clenched his fist.

To him, refining 20 pills was a piece of cake. It only took him two months!

Originally, he planned to give it to the Great Clan Elder and the rest to eat, but now that this situation had occurred, he changed his plan and refined all of the Jinzun Dan that he needed in one go.

"One of the Great Elder, Uncle Lin, I, and Mei Jing Sisters would need eighty pills, which would probably take around eight to nine months. Three hundred or so, which is equivalent to three hundred hours outside! "In other words, Uncle Lin and the others will need to wait for a month. It’s not a very long time."

And before, Chen Xiang would need half a month to refine one pellet, and need to refine one hundred to be able to cultivate the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body, but now, he would need twenty, and twenty would only need two months!

The reason why he could improve so much was all because of the Spirit Refinement Furnace. The furnace that the Spirit Refinement Furnace had merged with his Chuangshi god furnace was extremely powerful, allowing him to refine Jinzun Dan at twice the cost of half the effort.

After that, Chen Xiang bought a total of about 300 million years from the Time Ghost, using up about 300 billion Dao crystal. This 300 billion was nothing to Chen Xiang, and was definitely worth it in his opinion.

Time Ghost was also very happy, coming here would be a huge deal!

After three hundred years, Chen Xiang had long cultivated the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body, and also stepped into the middle stage of the Tai Zun realm. The Jinzun Dan’s power could strengthen the Six souls, but it could only help him reach the middle stage.

However, he had the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body, which meant that it would no longer be difficult for him to step into the Venerable ancestor realm!

...

...