Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang walked out of the room, left the Myriad Tao Mausoleum and returned to the Flying Dragon Pagoda.

He had only left for two months, but was already at the middle stage of the Tai Zun realm at the moment. Furthermore, he had cultivated the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body, and all of the Mei Jing Sisters s inside the You Yao Mountain Villa had also stepped into the Tai Zun realm and cultivated the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body, quickly advancing to the middle stage of the Tai Zun realm.

Lin Jitian and the Great Clan Elder were both at the peak of Late period of Tai Zun realm, they only needed to cultivate the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body, and they would be able to become revered ancestors.

They had been stuck in the Late period of Tai Zun realm for many years already, but because they could not go to Flying Dragon Experience Place to cultivate, and because they could not cultivate the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body, they were unable to break through.

When Chen Xiang returned, he immediately gave the Jinzun Dan to them!

The Great Clan Elder took the twenty Jinzun Dan pills, still having some suspicions about this, because he had never heard of a pill that could help a person cultivate the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body. Although he was also a Alchemist, this was still too inconceivable to him.

However, Lin Jitian knew very well that this was true, because he knew the terror of those mice!

"Uncle Lin, is that enchantment still there?" Chen Xiang asked.

Back then, it was precisely because of that place that Lin Jitian came across those terrifying rats. If that barrier was still there, then there would definitely be treasures left inside.

"I’m still here, are you going?" Lin Jitian asked: "Do you want me to go with you?"

"There’s no need. I’m already in the middle stage of the Supreme Realm. My power is much stronger than before. When I was in there, there was no problem, let alone now." Chen Xiang laughed: "I just don’t know if they noticed anything strange about that place."

"There are some Dragon Demons that have tried, but the Dragon Demons do not understand much about it. Soon, all of them have been eaten by rats!" Lin Jitian said, "I will go to the capital every once in a while, and there will always be many Dragon Demons there ... Right now, there should be quite a few Dragon Demons or humans inside. "

There were a lot of Dragon Demons, and they loved to walk around. In this past ten thousand years, it was not strange that the Dragon Demons had found that place. Chen Xiang was worried that the things hidden inside might be found.

Lin Jitian and the Great Clan Elder would need a period of time to refine them, so Chen Xiang planned to go inside the mysterious barrier to find out.

After Chen Xiang told the Great Clan Elder and Lin Jitian what would happen after he ate the Jinzun Dan, as well as the things that he needed to pay attention to, he headed towards the barrier.

Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors, sat on top of it, and then used his spatial energy to teleport over.

Chen Xiang let Flying Dragon Palace Leader come out from the Six Realms mirrors and asked: "Flying Dragon Palace Leader, do you recognize this place? The mouse I mentioned before appeared in here. "

"Let me think... It would be even better if you could tell me the terrain within a ten thousand kilometer radius. This will help me determine what kind of region this is. " The Flying Dragon Palace Leader said.

"Alright, I’ll tell you the situation in the area with a radius of a thousand miles first." Chen Xiang then rode on his Six Realms mirrors, and flew a circle above the barrier, before turning everything he knew into an image for Flying Dragon Palace Leader to see.

The Flying Dragon Palace Leader was one of the earliest ancestors and could be considered to be one of the oldest existences in the Flying Dragon Pagoda. Now that Chen Xiang wanted to know what was hidden inside the barrier, he could only ask the Flying Dragon Palace Leader.

Not long later, Flying Dragon Palace Leader suddenly exclaimed: "It’s actually this place!" VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"Where is it?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously, the Flying Dragon Palace Leader was aware of his situation.

"You should know that the Myriad Tao Mausoleum is a heavenly prison, where many extremely strong and evil beings are imprisoned. And after the evil spirits leave, they will not be able to come out." The Flying Dragon Palace Leader said.

"Bucuo!" "What does it have to do with this place?" Chen Xiang thought for a while, then asked, he could not think of any relationship between the two.

"But, in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, there were demons that ran out themselves. This place is where the evil monster once resided, and now, the evil demon should already be dead, when he ran over, he was sealed in this place by a mysterious power."

The words of the Flying Dragon Palace Leader made Chen Xiang’s body tremble. An evil demon that could run out of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum must be very powerful.

"Are you sure that guy is dead?" Chen Xiang anxiously flew out of the barrier, he was worried that the evil demon hidden inside would suddenly appear.

"He should already be dead, otherwise he would have already run to the ground!" Flying Dragon Palace Leader said, "Back then when he was sealed in this place, we didn’t dare to get any closer. We were worried that he would kill us!"

"How much do you know about this? Will there be anything good left behind? " Chen Xiang asked, and then flew inside the barrier. At this time, he knew that there were a lot of people below.

"I only know that this is a big rat, a very powerful rat monster." Flying Dragon Palace Leader replied, "I know nothing else."

A powerful mouse monster! Chen Xiang thought about those little mice. They were truly powerful, they could even easily kill the Late period of Tai Zun realm!

"How can I find what’s hidden here?" Back then, Lin Jitian’s friends knew that there was something inside, but it seemed that it was already dead.

Chen Xiang used the Dao heart Eye to look at the ground from midair, but was unable to discover anything.

"Oh right, those mice should know a bit about this. I wonder if I can search through their memories!" Chen Xiang caught a mouse, and then used Soul Absorbing Devil Spell on the mouse to search its memories.

Mouse’s memories were not many, and it was very simple, but he could give Chen Xiang very useful information.

There was a underground palace under this barrier. In Lao Shu’s memory, he had mentioned when he would return to the underground palace and when he would come out. Furthermore, if anyone approached him on the ground, he must kill them and eat them.

Chen Xiang didn’t find anything useful in the mouse’s memories, and it also didn’t have anything to do with the mouse Ancestor.

"Do you want to know?" Chen Xiang pondered. After all, there was a big rat nest down there, and although he had caught a lot of rats inside, there were still a lot of them.

"Descend!" Chen Xiang made his decision, and then, he released a very strong spatial sensing power to sense everything in the surrounding space.

It took him over two hours to sense the underground palace. After which, he immediately teleported.

"This underground palace is really deep. As expected of the mouse nest of the Ancestor." Chen Xiang came to the underground palace. It was very dark here and there wasn’t the slightest bit of light.

Because he accidentally made a little noise, many dots of green light suddenly appeared. When he took a closer look, he couldn’t help but feel his scalp go numb. It was actually a lot of rats!

These mice were as powerful as the ones he had captured. They were all rats with the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body, and possessed terrifying speed!

"Dammit, why are there so many rats?" Chen Xiang took out a light emitting stone and illuminated his surroundings. There were many rats, but the thing that attracted him the most was a black bead.