Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The bead was as big as a watermelon and it was black all over. There were a lot of black energy inside the bead. At this moment, he saw a tiny mouse coming out of the black bead!

"Was it the black pearl that gave birth to the mouse?" Chen Xiang never thought it would be like this, he thought there was a female mouse crazily making mice. <>

Right now, Chen Xiang was holding onto the Six Realms mirrors. The array formation released by the Six Realms mirrors had a strong defensive power, and a lot of rats flew over, but were repelled by the array formation above, causing them to be unable to approach him.

"What exactly is this thing?" Chen Xiang immediately told Flying Dragon Palace Leader about the black pearl he saw.

"Quickly go and get it. This is an extremely precious item. If I’m not wrong, it should be a beast core left behind by the Ancestor after his death!" The Flying Dragon Palace Leader said anxiously.

Originally, Chen Xiang wanted to walk over to take a look, but he was stopped by a large group of rats. Although these rats were unable to injure him, they released a huge amount of power and were frantically trying to break through the formation to protect him.

During the collision, Chen Xiang found it difficult to even move, so he had no choice but to retreat.

"You can’t stop me!" Chen Xiang laughed mischievously, and then, using the spatial extraction technique, he took the black pearl into his hands.

"How do I use it now?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Drops of blood. We’ll know when we drip blood." Flying Dragon Palace Leader replied, "As for what it will be used for, I’m not too sure either. In short, it will definitely be useful."

Chen Xiang immediately bled!

As the blood dripped, he suddenly had a strange feeling. After he understood this feeling, he was suddenly overjoyed!

He did not expect that he would be able to sense all the rats here!

The rats here were all his slaves, and they were all under his control. Furthermore, he could see everything the rats were looking at!

"That’s great!" Chen Xiang thought for a bit, then all the rats gathered here, and many of them started to move back.

He counted over five thousand rats!

These rats could not leave the boundary, but he could!

As long as he put these mice into the Six Realms mirrors, he could bring them away.

Not long after, he put all five thousand or so mice into the space within the Six Realms mirrors and left the underground palace.

He also realized that as long as he injected his Dao Energy into the black Rat emporer beads, he would be able to make it give birth to mice, and the rat would only need to absorb a certain amount of Dao energy to grow quickly.

These rats all had strength comparable to the Late period of Tai Zun realm, especially when they ganged up and attacked it together, they would definitely win.

"How are things now?" Flying Dragon Palace Leader asked anxiously, he did not know that Chen Xiang could control this rat.

"I’m the new King of Mice now, haha." Chen Xiang laughed, he had already left the barrier with the group of rats.

This barrier was only famous because of the powerful rat that killed the Tai Zun realm. Now that this mouse had been brought away by Chen Xiang, this place would also become a deathly zone in the future.

Chen Xiang returned to the belly of the mountain where Little Bat was. The Great Clan Elder and Lin Jitian were still in closed door cultivation, while Little Bat was not.

"I wonder where that fellow went!" Chen Xiang had originally planned to invite Little Bat to the Dragon Devil Dead Land to have a look.

He felt that being able to control these rats would give him a lot of power. Even if he went to the Dragon Devil Dead Land, he wouldn’t need to worry about being surrounded by the Dragon Clan.

"There’s no need to wait for him. Go directly to Flying Dragon Palace and see if there’s any way to enter there. You need to go to Flying Dragon Experience Place to gain experience!" Flying Dragon Palace Leader said, "You will know once you enter the Flying Dragon Experience Place. If you cultivate inside, the power you will gain will make you stronger!"

"With the same Late period of Tai Zun realm, if one has been trained in the Flying Dragon Experience Place, their strength would be stronger than other Late period of Tai Zun realm s."

If Lin Jitian and the Great Clan Elder succeeded, they would also step into the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage. Furthermore, he was still in the middle stage of the Tai Zun realm, so he had to use this time to catch up. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Right now, he had no good way to continue levelling up, so he could only go to Flying Dragon Experience Place to take a look.

Flying Dragon Palace Leader was the most familiar with Flying Dragon Experience Place, and under his guidance, they quickly reached Flying Dragon Palace!

There were large cities around Flying Dragon Palace, and it was already very lively in the past, but now that they were ruled by the Dragon Demons, the ones managing the cities around the Flying Dragon Palace were still the same people, they had all betrayed the Flying Dragon Palace Leader, surrendered to the Dragon Demons, and became the Dragon Demons’s underlings.

This was something that the Flying Dragon Palace Leader would never forget!

Right now, no one dared to sell Dragon Magic Dan, no one even dared to mention, after all, this was the world of the Dragon Demons!

One of the strengths of Dragon Demons was their poison. Almost every Dragon Demon could release the poison of Dragon Demons, and the poison released by the powerful Dragon Demons was even more powerful!

However, the poison released by the powerful Dragon Demons had an instantaneous effect, and there was no way to guard against it at all, unless one ate the Dragon Magic Dan beforehand.

Only the Zhao Clan and Chen Xiang possessed the Dragon Magic Dan s’ medicine. The Zhao Clan was currently a loyal supporter of the Dragon Demon Empire, and they had long since destroyed all the Dragon Magic Dan s’ medicine, letting them die, so as to display their loyalty.

Therefore, in the current battle, you had to be very accurate and fast. Otherwise, if you couldn’t kill the dragon with a single blow, the dragon would immediately poison you with its poison once it reacted!

Without the Dragon Magic Dan, the poison of the Dragon Demons were fatal, especially after being poisoned by the strong poison of the Dragon Demons.

Chen Xiang was in a city around Flying Dragon Palace. Although there were many Dragon Demons here, they were still a lot fewer compared to humans.

In this place, regardless of whether one was strong or weak, the Demonic Dragon was an existence similar to a great lord. No human would dare to offend the Demonic Dragon!

Although they were ruled by the Dragon Demons, humans still lived a good life. Unless they were unlucky, accidentally provoking the Dragon Demons would make them miserable.

Humans had been ruled for a long time. Due to the great disparity in strength, they had gradually lost their will to resist. In addition, their current situation wasn’t that bad. In order to preserve their lives, no one would make enemies with the Dragon Demons.

The strongest amongst humans was the Flying Dragon Palace Leader, but the Flying Dragon Palace Leader was defeated by the Dragon Demon. Ever since the Flying Dragon Palace Leader was defeated, the human had not pulled himself together.

But from time to time, there would be a small group of humans secretly fighting against the Dragon Demons, often assassinating some of the more evil Dragon Demons!

"What kind of existence is the Dragon Demon? People are not human, dragons are not dragons, and demons are not devils! " This was Chen Xiang’s conclusion to the Dragon Demons.

The Dragon Demons all had the outer appearance of a human, had a strong Dragon Power and a certain level of demonic nature. There were indeed quite a few Dragon Demons committing evil, but Chen Xiang also discovered that some Dragon Demons, because they had interacted with humans over the years, had gradually absorbed their human nature. After all, they had lived together for almost ten thousand years.

"The Flying Dragon Experience Place is about to be opened. I heard that this was’ created ’by some Dragon Devil Princess." Chen Xiang heard a voice as he walked past a street.