Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The Flying Dragon Experience Place had always been controlled by the Dragon Demons, and it had never been opened to the public. It was only open to those humans loyal to the Dragon Demons, or to the Dragon Demons. <>

"Dragon Devil Princess? Was she the daughter of the Dragon Lord? What exactly is she thinking and why is she doing this? " After an old man heard this, he became excited: "If I can go to Flying Dragon Experience Place, maybe I can make a breakthrough and live a few more years."

Chen Xiang anxiously asked Flying Dragon Palace Leader about it. He also told him about the opening of the Flying Dragon Experience Place.

"Dragon Devil Princess? Back then when I was fighting against the Dragon Lord, I didn’t know that he had a daughter! " The Flying Dragon Palace Leader said, "It could have been born later on ... However, this Draconian Ancestor himself was capable of producing a large number of Draconic Demons. Just how did he manage to produce this’ girl ’? And it’s even some kind of princess! "

The very first Dragon Demon had a hideous face when it was born, but after that, it turned into a humanoid shape. Even if it took the form of a Dragon Demon, it would at most maintain the appearance of a large portion of the human race.

It was equivalent to becoming a human dragon. Chen Xiang could become like that in the past! His recognized sister, Leng Youlan could also do it, this was the Draconian!

"Motherf * cker, could it be that the Demonic Dragon has changed for the better?" After all, so many years have passed. " Flying Dragon Palace Leader was also very suspicious about this. "Forget it, this is a good thing after all. You must go inside Flying Dragon Experience Place to cultivate for a while."

"I know. I will go in and out and start cultivating the Myriad Tao Divine Arts." Chen Xiang said: "If I continue to live like this, I feel that I will clash with the Dragon Demon sooner or later ... Even if I do not clash with the Dragon Demons, I will definitely not let you off, and I will not let you off! "

Right now, he was very weak compared to the Natural Law Divine Lord, so as long as he was strong, he would do anything.

The Flying Dragon Experience Place was going to be opened soon, and this news quickly spread through the streets. Everyone on the first floor of the Flying Dragon Pagoda knew about this, and now that there were Transmission array, it was much more convenient for people to come and go, so the information circulated even faster.

Although the Flying Dragon Experience Place s were open, there was still a limit to their ability to enter the Flying Dragon Experience Place s. First, they had to undergo an assessment, which meant that not everyone could enter.

Although it sounded rather harsh, it was not difficult for those who wanted to enter the Flying Dragon Experience Place. Those who wanted to enter the Flying Dragon Experience Place were mostly people stuck in the Late period of Tai Zun realm.

"Does the Demonic Dragon need Dao crystal?" Chen Xiang suddenly felt that this was a possibility. The reason the Myriad Tao Mausoleum opened it earlier was also because the Divine Ghost Imperial Country needed a large amount of Dao crystal.

"Flying Dragon Palace Leader, would the Dragon Demons really need a large number of Dao crystal? Previously, it was the same for the Divine Ghost Imperial Country. " Chen Xiang said.

"That’s a possibility!" Flying Dragon Palace Leader thought for a moment: "Other than Heavenly Alchemy stone wall, there are other things that can make people stronger in Myriad Tao Mausoleum. Maybe they need Dao crystal to go there."

"As for the details, only those who are familiar with the Myriad Tao Mausoleum would know." The Flying Dragon Palace Leader said.

Chen Xiang headed to the Flying Dragon Palace to register and participate in the assessment. He felt that it would be very easy for him to pass, even though he was only at the middle stage of the Tai Zun realm, he could still cultivate the Golden Body of the Myriad Tao without using the Heavenly Alchemy immortal power.

"Another examination. I’ve already participated in this kind of examination who knows how many times." Chen Xiang had no choice but to participate in the competition.

Now that he could safely enter the Flying Dragon Experience Place, he did not plan to take any risks. After all, he was still too weak, if there was a large group of Patriarchs guarding the Flying Dragon Experience Place, it would be very dangerous for him to enter, and he would not be able to cultivate peacefully.

"I heard that the exam is very simple. As long as you pass the test, there’s no need to fight." A person said.

"It’s true. I passed it without a hitch as an elder!" I heard that this time, Dragon Devil Princess will also enter the Flying Dragon Experience Place to cultivate with everyone. "

"Dragon Devil Princess needs a group of powerful human experts to follow them. I wonder why? Their race has many powerful Dragon Demons, so why are they looking for humans? "

"I heard that the current situation of the Dragon Demons is very chaotic. There are two others who have the same strength as Dragon Demon Lord, and a large number of Dragon Demons are controlled by the other two Dragon Demon Great Leaders. Although her father has some control over them, he is not trusted by her."

"This is not a good thing. If the Dragon Demons were to fight, we humans would be in an even worse situation. When that happens, we will definitely be forced to fight the Dragon Demons. The number of humans that will die will be the greatest." Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Although he was not sure whether it was true or not, he felt that it might happen.

Chen Xiang immediately told Flying Dragon Palace Leader about this.

"How could this happen? Dragon Demon Sovereign ... this fellow ... Serves him right! Back then, if he had not destroyed me and allowed me to co-exist with him, he would have had me as his helper at that time. Then, I could have led the humans to fight against his powerful enemies. " Flying Dragon Palace Leader laughed coldly: "This matter should be true, if not the rumors would not have spread out! These Dragon Demons are becoming more and more human, and they have also learnt the art of scheming and fighting human beings, haha! "

The strongest power would usually not collapse because of external factors, and the majority would collapse because of internal strife. Chen Xiang had encountered many such things over the years.

This kind of thing happened to the humans and beasts, but even now, this kind of mysterious dragon demon was still hard to escape from!

Of course, this couldn’t be considered a good thing. If there were internal conflicts within the Dragon Demons, humans would definitely be affected and many people would die.

Chen Xiang queued for half a day before finally entering a large hall within the Flying Dragon Palace. Inside the Dan Hall, there was a spirit power testing bead, and as long as he placed his hand on it, the bead would emit a golden glow. Even if he passed, and paid the ten billion Dao crystal, he would be able to obtain a sign and enter the Flying Dragon Experience Place together with him.

Finally, it was Chen Xiang’s turn. He only used a little bit of dao energy to make the pearl release a golden light, and previously, many people used the power of their breast milk to release their dao energy. It took a long time before the pearl lit up, which was also the reason why they had been queuing for so long.

Seeing this, many people knew that Chen Xiang, this young one, was a guy that hid his strength well.

After Chen Xiang passed through, he paid the Dao crystal and obtained a plate. In front of the Dragon Demons, he dripped his blood and fused with the jade plate, they did not ask for Chen Xiang’s name, but only told him to head to the Flying Dragon Experience Place in ten days, and where he would be waiting for the Flying Dragon Experience Place to open up.

After Chen Xiang obtained the tablet, he left the Flying Dragon Palace. He wanted to inform Lin Jitian and the Great Clan Elder of this news, even though they were still in closed-door training, he had left a note at the entrance of their stone room, which they could immediately see the moment he came out.