Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang left the note to tell Lin Jitian and the Great Clan Elder his whereabouts and immediately headed out of Flying Dragon Experience Place to wait for them to enter the Flying Dragon Experience Place.

Flying Dragon Experience Place was a huge floating platform, with a total of ten Flying Dragon Experience Place s. The first floor was the stage, and the highest one was located below.

Every Flying Dragon Experience Place was a million miles away from each other, and even if he were to ascend to the first Flying Dragon Experience Place, he would only be barely able to ascend to the second Flying Dragon Experience Place.

It was said that every Flying Dragon Experience Place was as big as a giant island, and there were extremely complicated environments on top of them. As long as one could cultivate for a period of time on top of them, they would be able to absorb a type of mysterious power, and cultivate the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body.

Chen Xiang had already cultivated the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body, he had only entered the Flying Dragon Experience Place to find out what the cultivation above the Flying Dragon Experience Place was like.

The legend was rather hard, but most people could endure it. Chen Xiang felt that he should not have any problems.

At this time, many people were waiting under the First Flying Dragon Experience Place!

If one wanted to enter the Flying Dragon Experience Place, they had to use a huge Transmission array beneath the Flying Dragon Experience Place. Although they could also fly into the air to get close to the Flying Dragon Experience Place, they could not do so because the Flying Dragon Experience Place was shrouded in a barrier. It was extremely difficult to do so because the Flying Dragon Experience Place was surrounded by a barrier.

Chen Xiang had never tried it before, he had already paid the Dao crystal, so he did not want to take the risk in public. If he was accidentally discovered by the powerful Dragon Demons that were guarding inside, it would be extremely dangerous. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"I don’t know if the first Flying Dragon Experience Place is only open for you, but with your current strength, the first Flying Dragon Experience Place isn’t enough to satisfy you." The Flying Dragon Palace Leader said, "You must at least go to the third Flying Dragon Experience Place to have any results."

"When the time comes, I will know. If that is not possible, I will think of something." The reason Chen Xiang went to Flying Dragon Experience Place to cultivate was also to increase his strength, if the first Flying Dragon Experience Place was truly useless to him, he would definitely think of a way to continue his journey.

... ....

The sky was still dark, and there were still four hours before dawn. But at this time, many people were extremely excited, because after dawn, the Flying Dragon Experience Place would open, and at that time, they would be able to step onto the Flying Dragon Experience Place. Although they could not guarantee that they would be able to cultivate the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body, it was the only hope they had to break through.

In the days that Chen Xiang was waiting, although there were only two thousand people who were observing the place, these two thousand over were all from the Tai Zun realm, and a few hundred of them were from the Late period of Tai Zun realm.

What Chen Xiang did not expect was that there were also some Dragon Demons here.

"Someone from the Zhao Clan? They’re also here to join in the fun? " Suddenly, Chen Xiang heard someone discussing. The Zhao Clan’s few Tai Zun realm s were also here.

It was only later that Chen Xiang found out that Zhao Clan’s people did not have to pay Dao crystal s to enter, and that they had come to supervise a few people doing whatever they wanted on top of that.

Daybreak, Chen Xiang was the same as many others, he was secretly excited in his heart.

In the distant sky, a beautiful, snow-white Dragon horse suddenly flew over.

The Dragon horse was very white and beautiful, but the person riding the Dragon horse was wearing black tight clothes, which contrasted sharply with the snow-white Dragon horse. What was even more obvious, was that the person riding the Dragon horse had a faint demonic aura, which was also inconsistent with the pure aura of the Dragon horse.

The black clothed person wore a conical hat, but from the figure it could be seen that it was a woman. Even though the aura on her body carried a faint demonic aura, she was very powerful, at least from Venerable ancestor realm.

"Dragon Devil Princess is here! Someone said in a low voice.

This was actually the Dragon Devil Princess, Chen Xiang was suddenly curious, the purpose of this Dragon Devil Princess opening the Flying Dragon Experience Place, although there were a few guesses, but they were only guesses, no one was sure what she was planning to do.

After the arrival of the Dragon Devil Princess, a few Venerable ancestor realm Dragon Demons took out a few things, they were all used to activate the Transmission array to teleport people to the Flying Dragon Experience Place.

At this time, everyone had already walked into the Transmission array!

Dragon Devil Princess had already mounted on his white horse and flew directly to Flying Dragon Experience Place.

Seeing that, Chen Xiang immediately asked the Flying Dragon Palace Leader: "Why can she fly herself?"

"I used to be able to do it too, but she was able to directly fly because she had the Flying dragon bead in her hands!" Flying Dragon Palace Leader said: "As long as there is a Flying dragon bead, we can enter that barrier at any time. I had several of these Flying dragon bead, but after my body died, it would be gone too."

"Aren’t you putting such an important thing in the Divine Sense Sea World?" Chen Xiang curled his lips: "Otherwise, I would have been able to directly kill them now."

"Well, actually, it was me who used it during the battle. It had quite a bit of power. Otherwise, my soul would not have been able to escape." The Flying Dragon Palace Leader said: "Every thousand years, Flying Dragon Experience Place will drop one of these Flying dragon bead. If the Dragon Devil Princess has one, then it means that she is quite powerful."

The Transmission array had already been activated, and in the blink of an eye, Chen Xiang and a group of people had already arrived at the first Flying Dragon Experience Place.

This was a place filled with the fragrance of flowers, it was filled with a kind of extremely comfortable energy. When Chen Xiang absorbed a little of this energy, he was immediately sure that this could allow people to cultivate the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body.

"Flying Dragon Experience Place’s environment is pretty buu! I thought it was bad! " Chen Xiang looked around at the beautiful flowers and plants, and his mood inexplicably became good.

"This is only the location of the Transmission array, moreover the Myriad Tao’s power is the thinnest here. If you really need to cultivate the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body, then you need to head to the place with the densest and most concentrated Myriad Tao’s power. That place is also the most dangerous place." The Flying Dragon Palace Leader said.

"How can I go to the second Flying Dragon Experience Place?" Chen Xiang came to an old man and asked. This old man was a Dragon Demon, from Venerable ancestor realm.

"If you want to go to the second Flying Dragon Experience Place, you need to rely on your own strength. As long as you find the Flying dragon bead here, you can bring it up to the Flying Dragon Experience Place." The old man said.

Finding the Flying dragon bead was easier said than done, there might not even be one here!

Chen Xiang did not ask any further, and left the Transmission array, following the direction indicated by the Flying Dragon Palace Leader. The Flying Dragon Palace Leader was very familiar with this place, so it might be able to guide him to the Flying dragon bead.

Chen Xiang left the Transmission array not long after. If he wanted to leave the Flying Dragon Experience Place, he could have just gone to that Transmission array.

Under the guidance of the Flying Dragon Palace Leader, Chen Xiang arrived at a blazing mountain. This place was filled with flames, and the intense flames made even Chen Xiang, who had cultivated the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body feel very hot, let alone the others.

"We might be able to find the Flying dragon bead here, this is the place with the densest power in the Myriad Tao." The Flying Dragon Palace Leader replied, "I found two of them here before. The Flying dragon bead that you need right now is the second Flying Dragon Experience Place that fell, this kind of Flying dragon bead is more difficult to find, the location where it fell is not fixed, and it will even run around by itself. "

"According to my many years of experience, the second Flying Dragon Experience Place’s Flying dragon bead would usually go to the place with the densest power in the Myriad Tao. This kind of Flying dragon bead is very spiritual, and if it is grown for a long time, it can still be cultivated to an adult."