Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Hearing that the Flying dragon bead could transform into a human, Chen Xiang was in disbelief. If she could become a human, then she would be very strong.

"Have you seen it?" Chen Xiang asked: "Is it very powerful?"

"I heard that it’s really powerful. I’ve never seen it before!" The Flying Dragon Palace Leader said.

Although Chen Xiang was unbearably hot in this sea of fire, he could still persevere with this kind of heat.

He walked in the sea of flames for several days, yet he still could not find the Flying dragon bead.

This mountain range was extremely large. He didn’t know how long he would have to fly into the air or use the Dao heart Eye to search for it. He wanted to see if he could use the Dao heart Eye to search for something.

After he became invisible, he flew in the sky for two days, then suddenly used the Dao heart Eye to search for a black dot that was moving.

"Found it, what is it?" Chen Xiang looked down at the rapidly moving dot below him, and was unable to determine what it was: "Could it be the Flying dragon bead? What color are Flying dragon bead normally? "

"Black!" Flying Dragon Palace Leader said: "Flying dragon bead can fly by itself, its speed is still very fast."

"Then that’s right, maybe our object is the Flying dragon bead." Chen Xiang immediately flew into the Flying Dragon Experience Place. He could not use the power of space, otherwise he would have already flown up to the second Flying Dragon Experience Place.

He dived into the sea of fire, suddenly seeing a figure, he was extremely shocked, and quickly said to Flying Dragon Palace Leader: "I know the Flying dragon bead s, the Flying dragon bead can indeed turn into a human ... ... And very powerful. " ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

When Chen Xiang swooped down, he wanted to stop the flying black dot, but he discovered that it was a black shadow that was flying past. This caused him to jump in fright, and he immediately thought of the Flying dragon bead that transformed into a human.

"Quickly chase!" Flying Dragon Palace Leader said: "If the Flying dragon bead turns into a human, it must be very powerful, you have to be careful, if possible, grab him!"

Chen Xiang immediately chased after him with his fastest speed for a good half a day before catching up.

After nearing the black figure, Chen Xiang didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. "It’s actually Dragon Devil Princess ... I never thought it would be this girl. I thought it was the Flying dragon bead that turned into a human, what is she doing in here? Could he also be looking for Flying dragon bead? "

The black shadow that Chen Xiang had seen before was not a humanoid Flying dragon bead, but a Dragon Devil Princess. Dragon Devil Princess was running wildly in this blazing mountain range, not knowing what he was doing.

"Maybe she is also looking for Flying dragon bead, Flying Dragon Experience Place is still very powerful, if she wants to reach the upper level, she definitely needs Flying dragon bead, looks like she does not have any Flying dragon bead from the upper level." The Flying Dragon Palace Leader said.

At this moment, Chen Xiang was closely following behind Dragon Devil Princess. Using his Dao heart Eye to observe, he discovered that there was indeed a blurry black dot in front of him.

"Could it be that there really is a Flying dragon bead flying? Dragon Devil Princess is chasing after us? " Chen Xiang never thought that the Flying dragon bead’s speed would be so fast, that not even the ancestors of the Dragon Devil Princess would be able to catch up.

Right now, he could only barely keep up, and he had expended a lot of energy.

Just like this, Chen Xiang chased for a few days straight before escaping from the Blazing Mountain Range and arriving at the flat prairie. Chen Xiang could now clearly see the well-built figure of the Dragon Devil Princess chasing after a black pearl with extreme speed.

Now, Chen Xiang was sure that Dragon Devil Princess had already found the Flying dragon bead, and even caught it for a very long time, but he couldn’t catch it.

"She must have already discovered you, but she can’t be bothered with you. Otherwise, she would only let the Flying dragon bead escape." The Flying Dragon Palace Leader said: "It’s not easy to capture Flying dragon bead, but whether we can succeed is one thing. Back then, many people could encounter it, but very few could catch it in the end."

Chen Xiang was also currently thinking of a way to capture the Flying dragon bead. He felt that if he ever encountered a Flying dragon bead, he had to release his divine web as soon as possible and capture the Flying dragon bead.

Just as he was distracted, a delicate shout suddenly came, "It’s flying towards you!"

did not expect the fellow who was flying in a straight line to suddenly come back with a big turn.

Chen Xiang regained his senses and immediately took out the huge golden net that he used to capture the terrifying rat. The net covered an extremely wide area and instantly trapped the pearl inside.

Once it was trapped, Chen Xiang quickly withdrew the net. As he retracted the net, he threw out the Six Realms mirrors, who instantly flew to the sky above the Flying dragon bead and covered the struggling Flying dragon bead and kept it inside.

Dragon Devil Princess looked at the panting Chen Xiang, and said with a frown: "You, I never thought that you would actually catch the Flying dragon bead, who are you exactly? It seems like you know a lot about Flying dragon bead, there are a lot of ways! "

Dragon Devil Princess had a ponytail, tanned skin, her face was originally that kind of sweet, but right now her face was stiff and cold. She had her hands folded across her chest, looking valiant and formidable, just like a female warrior.

Chen Xiang was on his guard as he faced the Dragon Devil Princess. He was a Dragon Demon, after all, and he had even caught a Flying dragon bead.

"What is it? "Are you careful that I don’t make a move against you?" Dragon Devil Princess snorted in disdain: "I am not the kind of person to imagine. You can consider yourself lucky that you have obtained the Flying dragon bead!"

After he finished speaking, Dragon Devil Princess continued to rush towards the Blazing Mountain Range.

"Wait!" Chen Xiang shouted. Since he could capture Flying dragon bead, this Dragon Devil Princess had helped him a lot.

"What for?" Dragon Devil Princess turned around and asked.

"Dragon Devil Princess, you want to go to the second Flying Dragon Experience Place, right?" Chen Xiang asked.

"You are willing to give me the Flying dragon bead?" Dragon Devil Princess looked at Chen Xiang, she suddenly felt that Chen Xiang was strange, she then stared at Chen Xiang’s normal face and said: "This is not your original appearance, right?"

Chen Xiang just nodded his head, "I can’t give you the Flying dragon bead, but we can go to the second Flying Dragon Experience Place together!"

"How?" Dragon Devil Princess asked.

"You can enter my storage-type Divine Equipment, and then I’ll bring you there. This is the best method for both of us." Chen Xiang smiled slightly: "If you are worried, you can just make a blood contract with me."

"I am a Dragon Demon from the Venerable ancestor realm. Not to mention ordinary storage divine tools, even the powerful space masters of our Dragon Clan are unable to contain me, let alone yours." The Dragon Devil Princess said, then turned and prepared to leave.

"You haven’t even tried it, how do you know? If storage of divine tools is truly not possible, then just enter my Divine Sense Sea! " said, his Divine Sense Sea World was rather powerful, it should not be a problem for him to accommodate a Ancestor, furthermore, he had already trained in the Golden Body of the Myriad Tao.