Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 290 - Yue Jianglin

------------

In a hall on the first floor of the Danxiang Tower, majority of the populace does not dare to breathe loudly, and some of the timid ones all carefully began to retreat. The center of the first floor of the Danxiang Tower was where the Elemental Spirit Dan was being showcased. Hua Xiangyue did so in order to improve the prestige of the Danxiang Tower, as well as to open the outlook of the alchemists in the Danxiang Tower; having it attract some trouble was out of her expectations.

Beside the cabinet showcasing the Elemental Spirit Dan, a middle-aged man with an extraordinary bearing stood. An oppressive and arrogant aura was being exuded from his entire body, and a long sword was hanging on his back. With a single glance, anyone could recognize him as a member of the Proud Sword Sect, but the kind of pressure he just released a moment ago deterred many people. Some of the onlookers recognized this middle-aged man, for he was the Dean of the Proud Sword Sect, Yue Jianglin!

Once Hua Xiangyue arrived, she coldly spoke, "Yue Jianglin, did you come here to make trouble?"

She most abhorred this kind of arrogant guy, especially if it was from the Proud Sword Sect. Since ancient times, all of their members were like this, that was why she most hated dealing with the people from the Proud Sword Sect.

Chen Xiang, from afar, watched as the lively scene unfold. Chen Xiang felt the same as Hua Xiangyue, he too hated the guys of the Proud Sword Sect, and he had also slaughtered a few of them. In addition, in the annals of the history, the disciples of the Proud Sword Sect had been oftenly killed by disciples from the rest of the eight righteous sects.

Yue Jianglin, seeing it was just Hua Xiangyue, had a look filled with disdain, he arrogantly said, "Are you the supervisor of the Danxiang Tower? What about your Danxiang Taoyuan’s Dean? Quickly ask her to come out."

"You do not deserve to see her!" Hua Xiangyue’s eyebrows pressed together as she replied in a slightly furious tone.

Everyone in the hall were extremely shocked, they all didn’t recognized Hua Xiangyue. Only the disciples of the Danxiang taoyuan knew that Hua Xiangyue was the supervisor of the Danxiang Taoyuan, but how could she dare to speak as such with Yue Jianglin. Yue Jianglin was the Dean of the Proud Sword Sect, from where was her confidence coming from?

Yue Jianglin already knew that the Dean of the Danxiang Taoyuan rarely appeared in public, yet he was taking this stance. He believed that only the Dean of the Danxiang Taoyuan could talk with him.

"Little girl, I want to buy this Elemental Spirit Dan. For this matter, you could not call the shots, quickly call your Dean out!" Yue Jianglin’s tone became a bit milder, yet it did not ease up the irritation everyone felt.

Hua Xiangyue sneered, "The Elemental Spirit Dan was bought by me, if I wished for it, I can even eat it on the spot, why can’t I take responsibility?"

Yue Jianglin was surprised for a moment, he thought that the Elemental Spirit Dan was refined by the Dean of the Danxiang Taoyuan. After seeing Yue Jianglin’s complexion, both Chen Xiang and Hua Xiangyue were secretly excited.

Chen Xiang didn’t expect that this old man, who had been living for more than ten thousand years, to actually be so stupid. Looking at his appearance, it was pretty clear that he was very much in need of the Elemental Spirit Dan. He garnered so much attention and so clearly revealed his intention, wouldn’t he clearly be swindled by the others?

Chen Xiang, in his heart, quickly thought of a plan as he continued to watch the scene unfolding in front of him.

"Say your price, I want this Elemental Spirit Dan!" Yue Jianglin, with both his hands behind his back, spoke dismissively, as if no matter how much it would be, he was going to buy.

"I’m not selling!" Hua Xiangyue had no shortage of crystal stones or True Elemental Dans, as such, she was not going to sell, especially now that she was agitated at Yue Jianglin.

"Little girl, you should better know how to behave a bit, this Elemental Spirit Dan is very important to me..."

Yue Jianglin didn’t even finished speaking, before Hua Xiangyue lightly stroked her hair, such an enthralling action instantly garnered the attention of some onlooking men. She put on a forced smile and said, "Little girl? Yue Jianglin, sooner or later, your Proud Sword Sect will be destroyed with this foul temper of your. I will not sell it, what are you going to do? If you have the guts, then try to destroy the Danxiang Taoyuan!"

Yue Jianglin’s whole body trembled in rage, how could he not know the strength of Danxiang Taoyuan? He was clearly aware of the contacts of the Danxiang Taoyuan. If the Danxiang Taoyuan was in difficulty, the Extreme Martial Sect and the Divine Weapon Heavenly Empire would not stand idly, and he was most afraid of Gu Dongchen. He knew that his strength was far below Gu Dongchen’s.

"This Elemental Spirit Dan is too important to me!" Yue Jianglin said. Now it appeared as if he was asking others, "This can allow my son to breakthrough his bottleneck, I ask you to sell it to me!"

Hearing his words, Chen Xiang was laughing even more heartily. Yue Jianglin had a genius son, and many people knew about this, because Yue Jianglin very prominently publicized his own son. But who knew that when his son was about to advance to the Extreme State, he suffered from Qigong Deviation, and was inflicted with serious injuries. After recuperating for many years, he once again recovered to his pinnacle strength, but his spirit sea had not improved. He needed his divine sense, and only then could he fully recover.

However, the consciousness of Yue Jianglin’s son at that time had taken a huge hit, he could not cultivate a bit of divine sense anymore. While there were other dans that were specialized for cultivating the divine sense, they were all still inadequate. He had already tried various ways, but he still failed to achieve any result. Before, Elder Dan advised that it might only be possible with the Elemental Spirit Dan; the moment his spirit sea recovered, he could immediately breakthrough.

Because the Elemental Spirit Dan had not appeared even once, Yue Jianglin’s son had stayed in the 9th level of the True Martial Realm for many years.

When Chen Xiang heard about this, he knew that he could ruthlessly swindle Yue Jianglin.

The Elemental Spirit Dan, at most, was worth no more than one million crystal stones. For a Dean, this was only a small number, even ten million crystal stones were not even worth mentioning.

Hua Xiangyue thought of giving a price of ten million, but just as she was about to promise, Chen Xiang’s voice rang in her mind.

"Dear sister, how much are you planning to swindle from him?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Ten million, ruthless, right!" Hua Xiangyue replied back.

"Ruthless my ass!" Chen Xiang said with ridicule.

"No way. If I ask for a higher price, others will say my Danxiang Taoyuan took advantage of someone’s crisis and swindled him. Ten million crystal stones are already very sinister." Hua Xiangyue indeed wanted it to be a bit more higher.

"You tell him to participate in the auction. At that time, the Elemental Spirit Dan will appear, hei hei!" Chen Xiang said with an evil laughter.

Hua Xiangyue’s eyes lit up, she immediately understood Chen Xiang’s intent. She secretly praised Chen Xiang’s approach. If Yue Jianglin was really in need, during the auction, they could intentionally raise the price. Not only would it make Yue Jianglin spew blood, their profits would also be bigger. Thinking up to this point, Hua Xiangyue was extremely excited in her heart.

Hua Xiangyue said, "No, I can not sell it to you. From the beginning, the seller had said that we could not sell it to others, we have to respect the seller’s opinion, because we, the Danxiang Tower, are doing a business where credibility is everything. However, he told us that at the time of the auction, there will be another Elemental Spirit Dan."

"The auction will begin very soon, you have waited for more than a thousand years, can’t you wait for such a short span of time?"

Originally, Yue Jianglin had been prepared to be ruthlessly swindled, but he didn’t expect Hua Xiangyue to speak as such. In his heart, he secretly heaved a sigh of relief, if it was in the auction, maybe it could be cheaper.

Yue Jianglin let out a cold snort, before he waved his sleeve and left, making Hua Xiangyue tenderly snort in response. Here, everyone knew of the legendary Dean of the Proud Sword Sect, or at the very least, had heard rumors about him. He was a very annoying guy who could make others hate him.

Seeing such a beauty get angry, these men, in their heart, all began hating on Yue Jianglin. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Hua Xiangyue angrily snorted. She left the first floor as Chen Xiang excitedly followed her.

"This guy, in the future I’ll definitely ruthlessly kill him, however in the Fragrance City, aunt will definitely make him lose him countenance." Hua Xiangyue was very angry, in an unique elegant room she tenderly cursed.

Chen Xiang laughed and said, "Dear sister, take it to the auction, at that time I’ll definitely share it with you a little!"

Hua Xiangyue took the Elemental Spirit Dan, thinking of very soon she could be able to see Yue Jianglin suffer, suddenly a charming and enthralling smile appeared on her face.

A translated work of Xianxiaworld