Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Although Dragon Devil Princess was stronger than Chen Xiang, Chen Xiang was not afraid of her at all. Dragon Devil Princess looked very serious and fierce, but it made people not afraid of her, as if she was born to be close to others. No matter how fierce she looked, it was not like she could not make people fear her.

Chen Xiang guessed that Dragon Devil Princess’s current performance was not her real self. She was probably just "putting on an act".

"How about this, you enter my storage divine tool ... I promise I won’t do anything to you. " Dragon Devil Princess said, "Your strength is weaker than mine, so it’s not a problem for me to store you in my spatial divine tool! It’s not good for me to go to your Divine Sense Sea. If something happens, I’ll kill you. "

However, Chen Xiang was not afraid. He felt that since the Dragon Devil Princess had entered his Divine Sense Sea, he had a way to suppress her.

"Sure, we have to make a blood contract." Chen Xiang thought for a while, then said: "However, if the Flying dragon bead is going to be mine, I will only temporarily give it to you to use."

"Alright!" Dragon Devil Princess was also very straightforward and agreed immediately.

Very quickly, Chen Xiang and the Dragon Devil Princess established a blood contract. The Dragon Devil Princess took out a small house and said: "This is a stable, my white Dragon horse is inside. You can feel aggrieved.

Chen Xiang nodded his head and then hurriedly wrapped himself with spatial energy. Just when he thought he was about to enter the stable, he heard the Dragon Devil Princess exclaim in surprise.

"Strange, you are at least in the middle stage of the Tai Zun realm, so I should be able to catch you, but I didn’t succeed." Dragon Devil Princess was puzzled.

After all, Chen Xiang had cultivated the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body, and his body had been fused with the Heavenly Alchemy soul, so a normal storage divine tool would not be able to keep him.

Dragon Devil Princess’s sweet face was filled with suspicion. She stared at Chen Xiang and asked: "Who are you exactly? You are definitely not an ordinary guy, are you hiding your true strength? "

"I’ve already made a blood contract with you, so it doesn’t matter who I am!" Chen Xiang laughed, "Let’s hurry up and go to the Second Flying Dragon Experience Place. I’ll take you there when you enter my Divine Sense Sea World."

"Hmph, let’s establish a blood contract!" Dragon Devil Princess also did not ask further. Chen Xiang was indeed very mysterious, which made her very curious.

After Chen Xiang and the Dragon Devil Princess had made a blood contract, he brought her to a quiet place in the You Yao Mountain Villa and told her not to wander around.

Chen Xiang carried the Flying dragon bead and followed the Flying Dragon Palace Leader’s instructions, quickly flying towards the sky and heading towards the second Flying Dragon Experience Place.

He flew for an entire day and finally arrived at the bottom of the huge platform. Then, he used the Flying dragon bead to touch the stone wall above and was sucked into the suction force.

After being absorbed, he arrived at a forest with fallen leaves. The ground was full of fallen leaves, so he quickly released Dragon Devil Princess.

"There shouldn’t be any Flying dragon bead that could cause this!" Chen Xiang asked.

"Sure, I just need to use a bit of strength." Dragon Devil Princess stayed in Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea World for a day, he was extremely curious about Chen Xiang’s cultivation. Logically speaking, Chen Xiang was only at the middle stage of the Tai Zun realm, so the Divine Sense Sea World was unable to contain her, this Ancestral Dragon Demon.

However, it was possible for Chen Xiang, and she stayed in Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea World in a stable and steady state.

"That’s good! I feel that this place is not enough, I plan to go to the upper level, how about we go find the Flying dragon bead together? With one more person and one more power, it would not be so easy for you to capture that Flying dragon bead if the two of us did not join hands. " Chen Xiang said. He had already experienced the speed of the Flying dragon bead and found it difficult to capture it alone.

"Alright!" Dragon Devil Princess didn’t even think before she agreed. It could be seen that she also had the same plan.

Chen Xiang had known this Dragon Devil Princess for a few days. Although he did not understand her well enough, he felt that she was a kind-hearted and kind person. It was hard for him to understand why the Dragon Demon was so human.

Of course, Flying Dragon Palace Leader hated Dragon Devil Princess to death, because the princess’ father was the one who killed Flying Dragon Palace Leader.

When Flying Dragon Palace Leader heard that Chen Xiang was very close to the Dragon Devil Princess at the moment, he did not object. Instead, he allowed Chen Xiang to get hold of the princess ...

"Dragon Devil Princess, did you mean to say that Flying Dragon Experience Place is open to the public?" Chen Xiang asked, many people had speculations about this matter, but could not confirm their suspicions.

"Bucuo!" "My father is currently one of the big shots of the Dragon Demons, and the Dragon Demons have three big heads. Every Dragon Lord’s child has the right to use the Flying Dragon Experience Place once, and now that it’s my turn to use it, I’ll open it for everyone." Dragon Devil Princess nodded. After being in contact with Chen Xiang for a period of time, she was no longer as cold as she was before.

"So it’s like that! Dragon Devil Princess you are so kind, different from the Dragon Demon that I imagined. " Chen Xiang laughed: "The dragon demon in my memory is very ferocious."

"There are these kinds of Dragon Demons. None of them have completely evolved, or haven’t evolved enough. These Dragon Demons are about 20% like us, the Dragon Clan." Dragon Devil Princess continued: "As our strength increases, we Dragon Demons will become more and more like humans ... We used to laugh at the lack of unity in the human race, but now we too. "

"Human nature is changeable, good and bad, not as bad as you think! Humans can stand forever, and love and hate are inevitable entanglement, which can form a colorful world. " Chen Xiang said with an open-minded smile.

"You seem rather open-minded!" Dragon Devil Princess took out a map and looked at it intently.

Chen Xiang moved closer to take a look, and asked: "What map is this? Looking for Flying dragon bead s? "

"My father gave it to me." Dragon Devil Princess pointed to the red areas on the map: "These are all places where Flying dragon bead have appeared." Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"It’s quite far from here." Chen Xiang said: "Let’s hurry up!"

Dragon Devil Princess kept the map and said: "This time, when I opened Flying Dragon Experience Place, I didn’t know if it was a good thing or bad thing. In short, this is something I have been wanting to do for a long time, although my father did not oppose me, the other Dragon Demons did."

"No matter if it’s a good thing or bad thing, you’ve already done it. It’s too late to go back on your words now!" Chen Xiang laughed: "Let’s hurry up and go, I’m in a hurry to go to the Third Flying Dragon Experience Place."

Dragon Devil Princess let out a light sigh, and then, with agile footsteps, he flew to the front in the blink of an eye, while Chen Xiang immediately gave chase.

They had flown for two days, and arrived in a world of ice and snow. There was currently a snowstorm, and even though the Dragon Devil Princess was a revered ancestor, the snowstorm was extremely violent and difficult to walk on.

Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors, but it was to no avail. The environment of the Flying Dragon Experience Place was really bad, they could only wait until the blizzard stopped before starting to search for the Flying dragon bead.

A few days passed and once the snowstorm stopped, Chen Xiang and Dragon Devil Princess would be searching for Flying dragon bead in this world of ice and snow.

After they walked for a while, they suddenly heard someone shout, "The Flying dragon bead is hidden inside this ice mountain. Take a good look.

After Chen Xiang and the Dragon Devil Princess looked at each other, they withdrew their auras with great tacit understanding and then quietly walked over. It was clear that the two elders and the dozen or so middle-aged men were discussing how to get the Flying dragon bead out of the ice mountain.

"It’s the people from the Zhao Clan!" The Dragon Devil Princess sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang, "They are the strongest out of the human race today. Those two elders are all revered ancestors, so it would be difficult for me to go against them!"

"Didn’t they join your Dragon Clan? Are you going to make a move against them? " Chen Xiang asked.

"They have pledged their allegiance to the enemy camp of my father. If I have the chance to make a move against them, of course I won’t miss it. It’s just that right now, it’s very difficult!" The Dragon Devil Princess said.