Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang looked at Zhao Clan’s group carefully. Since he could not handle the two Venerable ancestor realm s, the rest were not a problem.

The Dragon Devil Princess herself definitely belonged to the Venerable ancestor realm, it was indeed difficult for her to deal with the two Ancestors.

"How did they come to the second Flying Dragon Experience Place?" Chen Xiang asked: "There are more than 10 of them, could they have come here like us?"

"It should be, he definitely has a Flying dragon bead, otherwise he would not be able to come here." Dragon Devil Princess said, "Let’s wait for the chance! We cannot defeat them, but we must definitely snatch the Flying dragon bead from their hands. "

Dragon Devil Princess looked at Chen Xiang, and warned him: "Wait a minute, don’t make a move recklessly. They have two ancestors on their side, and their strength is equal to mine.

"I know!"

Chen Xiang felt that it wouldn’t be a problem to deal with the middle aged men with Tai Zun realm. If it was before, he might not be confident, but after obtaining the Rat emporer beads, he could control thousands of strong rats.

For a person from the Zhao Clan to possess a Flying dragon bead, they should be valued very highly. Chen Xiang had previously suspected that the Flying dragon bead was accidentally obtained by the people from the Zhao Clan, and was not given to him by the Dragon clan leader.

But then, an old man took out a round disk. Dragon Devil Princess was obviously very excited as he sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang, "This is the item to capture the Flying dragon bead.

"From the Demonic Dragon Violet Emperor? How can he have this kind of thing, do you Dragon Demons have that much understanding of Flying dragon bead? It can actually refine this kind of thing. " Chen Xiang was very suspicious.

Dragon Demon Sovereign is my father, Dragon Demon Violet Emperor is one of the reinforcements of the Zhao Clan, and the other one is the Blood Dragon Demon. These three strongest Dragon Demons are all of similar strength, but my father is slightly more powerful than them, mainly because my father has a powerful weapon in his possession.

Just as the Dragon Devil Princess was speaking, the round disc in the old man’s hand suddenly lit up, and a black bead suddenly flew out. It was the Flying dragon bead!

Chen Xiang could not use the power of space here, if not he would definitely use the spatial energy to retrieve the Flying dragon bead.

Seeing that the Flying dragon bead was about to land on the round disc, the Dragon Devil Princess was clearly very anxious. He wanted to take action, but he had concerns.

Just as the Flying dragon bead was about to land, a black shadow suddenly jumped out. It was a huge rat that swallowed the Flying dragon bead in one gulp.

Following that, Chen Xiang released a few dozen terrifying rats that bit at the ten plus middle-aged men from the Tai Zun realm. In an instant, these rats bit into their flesh and entered into their bodies.

Your two ancestors had just reacted when those ten middle-aged men were eaten up by those rats!

"This... "What is this?" The old man shouted in anger and immediately started his attack. However, these rats ran very fast and immediately drilled into the ground, disappearing in the blink of an eye.

The rats were all let out by Chen Xiang, but he never thought that these mice were actually so strong. He remembered that when he caught these mice before, they were not that powerful.

Dragon Devil Princess was even more shocked to the point that her charming little mouth gaped open. She was also completely dumbstruck by the scene from a moment ago. She, as a member of the Dragon Clan, had man-eating Dragon Demons, but they were not as terrifying.

Previously, Chen Xiang had heard from others that this kind of rat could quickly eat one Tai Zun realm, let alone several of them eating the same person at the same time.

"Such a powerful mouse, let’s call it Heaven devouring rat!" Chen Xiang secretly gave this rat a name.

Chen Xiang and Dragon Devil Princess did not dare make a sound, because the two Ancestors were looking for the rat that had just disappeared.

"Can you deal with these two guys together?" Chen Xiang said to the Dragon Devil Princess through sound transmission: "Now is the best chance to get rid of them."

"I can at most tie with them!" Dragon Devil Princess shook his head: "Even though their Zhao Clan has claimed to have already destroyed the Dragon Magic Dan, I can’t be sure if they have it or not. If they did not have Dragon Magic Dan s, they would not be my match at all. "

Only now did Chen Xiang remember that this Dragon Devil Princess could use very powerful Dragon magic poison. Luckily, he already had the Dragon Magic Dan he refined.

"So it’s like that!" Chen Xiang frowned as he thought of something: "Get me some Dragon magic poison, I want a small bottle!"

"What are you doing here?" asked. Dragon magic poison normally do not give it to others easily, and to a human at that.

"If they have Dragon Magic Dan, they can resist your Dragon magic poison! But if your Dragon magic poison is to be added with other poisons and change the characteristics of the Dragon magic poison, it will be impossible for the Dragon Magic Dan to defend. " Chen Xiang said: "Next, you have to keep an eye on them, wait for me to finish concocting the poison, then make a move on them."

Chen Xiang still hadn’t told Dragon Devil Princess that he had released those Heaven devouring rat and he was hesitating on whether he should tell her or not.

"You really can?" This was the first time Dragon Devil Princess heard such a thing. She felt it was very magical, but she also had a suspicious attitude towards it. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"You already know what kind of sh * t it is!" Chen Xiang said: "I will enter your Divine Sense Sea World to refine it. You just need to follow the two of them."

The two great Patriarchs did not separate. They had the feeling that there were people nearby, and they were worried that if they split up, they would be killed one by one. After all, they had advanced quite a bit.

In the end, the Dragon Devil Princess still gave Chen Xiang a small bottle of Dragon magic poison and let Chen Xiang enter her Divine Sense Sea World.

Chen Xiang originally thought that he could find out how the Divine Sense Sea World s of the Dragon Devil Princess were like, but he didn’t think that he would be brought to a wooden house so easily.

Chen Xiang had a lot of different poisons in his hands. Back then, he had also learned a lot of refining methods from Du Xiaoling, and also, Lv Qinlian and Bai Ziqian were his women.

Even if he was not very good at it, he was confident that he could change the characteristics of the Dragon magic poison, making it impossible for it to guard against him.

Very quickly, Chen Xiang picked a few poisons that were similar to Dragon magic poison s from the various poisons, and mixed them with the Dragon magic poison s to refine.

He only used half an hour’s time to refine a completely new poison, which maintained the characteristics of the Dragon magic poison. At the same time, he also changed some aspects of the Dragon magic poison so that the Dragon Magic Dan had no effect on it.

Chen Xiang himself also knew how to refine Dragon Magic Dan, so he knew this the best!

"Princess, I’m done!" After Chen Xiang finished refining, he placed the small bottle of venom on the table and said: "When you use it, if you are also poisoned, you only need to use the Dragon magic poison in your body to cure the poison."

Dragon Devil Princess didn’t dare be sure if this poison was really effective right now, as even she could be poisoned.

"You can see just by looking. If you don’t succeed, you can just run away." At this time, Chen Xiang was still in her Divine Sense Sea World, and the moment he finished speaking, he was released by her.