Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had even planned to stay in her Divine Sense Sea World for a little longer.

"Is that really useful?" Dragon Devil Princess asked: "Why does it look no different from my Dragon magic poison!"

"You should know just by looking!" Chen Xiang felt that it wasn’t too difficult to change this poison slightly, especially the Dragon magic poison s.

Dragon Devil Princess ate a small drop and immediately felt drowsy. After that, she hurriedly urged the Dragon magic poison in her body to resist the poison that invaded her body, waking her up.

"I’m not lying to you, right?" Chen Xiang chuckled.

Dragon Devil Princess looked at Chen Xiang in astonishment. She had already tested the poison just now and was sure that it could be used.

"Alright, I will go and fight them now. In battle, I will secretly release this poison." The Dragon Devil Princess said.

The two reverends were resting right now. During this period of time, they had been searching for the mysterious mouse. They had heard that there was this mouse inside a barrier, but they didn’t expect it to be here as well.

It was daytime now, but the two ancestors were still on guard. They would occasionally fly into the sky and use their divine senses to scan the area.

Just as they were searching, the Dragon Devil Princess suddenly flew into the air. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Dragon Devil Princess had changed into a set of gold coloured armor just now to cover her sexy and sexy figure, as well as a helmet. Right now, she was not sure if she would win or lose, if she were to lose, she could still run, and her identity would not be discovered.

Chen Xiang was watching the battle from afar. He knew that Dragon Devil Princess’s attack speed was extremely fast, and almost killed the old man with a single sword strike, but just as she was about to succeed, the other old man quickly shot out a ball of red light from the ground. If she did not dodge, she would have been severely injured.

"Who are you?" An old man asked, but Dragon Devil Princess did not reply her, she only brandished her sword and continued to attack, in the blink of an eye, a few of the mountains around her were destroyed by her sword force.

"Isn’t this the God Murdering Sword Techniques? "So awesome, she actually learned it!" Chen Xiang never thought that the Goblin would actually be able to learn the Four Great Divine Arts.

Very quickly, the old man on the ground also flew up, and the two attacked Dragon Devil Princess together.

"These two old fellows are very strong!" Chen Xiang could immediately tell that Dragon Devil Princess was no match for him.

Just then, the Dragon Devil Princess released the Dragon magic poison. When the two ancestors sensed the Dragon magic poison, they were immediately shocked.

"Dragon magic poison, you’re a Dragon Demon?" One of the elders sneered. It was obvious that he had been prepared for this.

"You must be Dragon Devil Princess! Haha... Your father is going to be finished. Do you think that by killing us, your father will be safe and sound? " Another old man started to talk.

"We all have Dragon Magic Dan, you can’t really be naive enough to think that we destroyed all of their medicine ingredients, right? Furthermore, the Dragon Demon Violet Emperor has allowed us two Dragon Magic Dan to defend ourselves. " The old man sneered.

At this time, Dragon Devil Princess did not fight anymore. If she continued, she would only be injured, and quickly escaped.

The two elders didn’t let her go and followed closely behind her.

However, just as they wanted to chase him, a wave of sleepiness suddenly came over, making them immediately become listless and extremely tired. The sleepiness rising up made them want to have a good night’s sleep.

"This is ..." What was going on? The Dragon Magic Dan is no longer working? " An old man cried out in surprise, then he let out a loud roar. His body suddenly shook, and a black mist surged out.

The other old man did the same, and their bodies spewed out a black mist.

"These two old fellows actually forced more than half of the blood out of their bodies in order to alleviate the poison that invaded their bodies." Chen Xiang did not expect them to be so experienced in dealing with this poison.

Just then, that poison was effective, and she had just started rejoicing in her heart, but then they eased the situation. Although her strength was greatly reduced, she was still not a match for them.

"Humph, Little Witch, you’re dead meat!" They knew that since the Dragon Devil Princess could use this kind of Dragon magic poison, they wanted to get rid of him even more.

At this time, they had already used all their strength to chase after the Dragon Devil Princess, one in front and one behind.

"Get off the ground, don’t be in the air." Chen Xiang anxiously transmitted to Dragon Devil Princess, this way, the Dragon Devil Princess would definitely be killed, this was one of Chen Xiang’s strong teammates, he could not watch helplessly as his teammates died.

He just did not expect that the strength of these two old fellows was actually so terrifying. Even after sacrificing half of their blood to expel the poison, they were still so powerful.

The Dragon Devil Princess could only follow Chen Xiang’s instructions and hurried to the ground.

The ground was just a piece of barren land, she didn’t know what Chen Xiang wanted with her.

"I’ll try my best to delay the two of them, divert their attention, and leave the rest to me." At this time, Chen Xiang had already hidden himself and sent a sound transmission to the Dragon Devil Princess.

After the Dragon Devil Princess heard Chen Xiang’s sound transmission, he immediately took off his helmet and looked at the two old men who were about to attack.

When the two old men heard this, they immediately stopped their attacks. That kind of Dragon magic poison was truly terrifying to them, they immediately thought that this could be caused by the Dragon Devil Princess Princess’s father. If her father had that poison, then it would be a huge threat to them.

If they could get some useful information from the Dragon Devil Princess, they might be able to find a way to dispel this poison.

"To tell you the truth, even the Dragon Demon couldn’t resist the kind of Dragon magic poison my father created." Dragon Devil Princess laughed coldly, "You think that the Dragon Demon Violet Emperor will be the big winner, then you are completely wrong. Even though my father looks weak at the moment, he is still the Dragon Demon Lord."

"You were the one who tried to kill us first, now we have to capture you!" The two elders had already decided to capture Dragon Devil Princess and use some other method to create the origin of the Dragon magic poison.

Just as they were about to attack, a black shadow suddenly appeared like a violent storm and shrouded the two elders in the blink of an eye.

The Dragon Devil Princess immediately took a deep breath, there were actually over a thousand of those mice that suddenly appeared, she immediately thought, there was a high possibility that these mice were released by Chen Xiang.

"What are you doing? Hurry up and let those Dragon magic poison out!" Chen Xiang urged Dragon Devil Princess through sound transmission.

Dragon Devil Princess immediately scattered all of the Dragon magic poison Chen Xiang had refined before. At this moment, the bodies of the two old men were riddled with thousands of wounds caused by the rats.