Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Your Ancestor, after all, is your Ancestor. Thousands of Heaven devouring rat are unable to instantly eat them, and only bite over a few wounds on their body.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" The two Ancestors shouted, and their bodies released a strong flame. A terrifying power quickly spread out, shaking the rats away.

However, Dragon Devil Princess had already released a large number of Dragon magic poison!

When the Dragon magic poison seeped into their bodies, it immediately caused them to feel the poison, causing their spirits to become sluggish, the Dragon Devil Princess knew that the rats would immediately burrow into the ground after being struck, and they would also be able to attack them with ease, instantly releasing thousands of sword strikes, turning the two old men’s bodies into countless pieces.

Although Dragon Devil Princess had successfully killed them, they did not have the time to react. What happened just now was still vivid in their minds, especially those terrifying rats!

Chen Xiang walked over while giggling, and she was finally able to heave a sigh of relief.

"Those rats are yours?" She was a little unhappy because Chen Xiang had already let out a rat to snatch the Flying dragon bead away, but he did not tell her.

"Sorry, that is my secret. I was still considering whether I should tell you or not." Chen Xiang laughed as he released his flames to burn down everything on the ground.

Right now, Dragon Devil Princess was very cautious towards Chen Xiang, because the rats that Chen Xiang released were too terrifying. She thought about how if she were to be continuously bitten by thousands of these rats, she would have a chill down her spine.

"Don’t be afraid of me, if I wanted to deal with you, I would have already done it!" Chen Xiang laughed.

Thinking back to what happened before, the Dragon Devil Princess blamed herself for being too negligent, especially when Chen Xiang told her to try out the Dragon magic poison, it would be the most dangerous of them all. If Chen Xiang didn’t tell her how to interpret it, she would be at Chen Xiang’s mercy.

Right now, she also knew that if Chen Xiang wanted to make a move against her, there were indeed many opportunities, so she could see that Chen Xiang did not have any ill intentions towards her.

"We have the third Flying Dragon Experience Place’s Flying dragon bead in our hands. We can kill it now!" Chen Xiang took out the Flying dragon bead and threw it in his hands.

"Un, let’s go!" Dragon Devil Princess really wanted to know Chen Xiang’s origin, but she knew that no matter how she asked Chen Xiang, he would not tell her.

Dragon Devil Princess once again entered Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea World and was brought by Chen Xiang to the third Flying Dragon Experience Place.

Before, Flying Dragon Palace Leader had already said that as long as he could get to the Third Flying Dragon Experience Place, he would have some sort of effect on Chen Xiang. Now that he had arrived, he could feel that the Third Flying Dragon Experience Place was indeed different.

When he arrived, he felt that it was extremely difficult for him to lift his hand. It was as if his arm had been entangled by a force, making it very difficult for him to lift it.

At this moment, it was extremely difficult for him to walk or stand. This would be of great help to his body’s cultivation.

Although Chen Xiang had cultivated the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body, his Myriad Tao’s Golden Body was still very young, and he needed to go through this training to become more mature and stable.

Chen Xiang called Dragon Devil Princess out. After Dragon Devil Princess came out, his footsteps were actually much faster than his.

"You aren’t very strong, but you have so many methods." As sat on the ground, he knew that Chen Xiang could not withstand the pressure and could only sit.

"I will soon be able to walk freely here, just like you." Chen Xiang curled his lips and then forced himself to stand up.

Seeing this, Dragon Devil Princess could not help but laugh lightly, he went in front of Chen Xiang and pushed him down to the ground.

"Ah... What are you doing! "

Chen Xiang could not help but shout out. When he fell, he was suppressed by a powerful force, but as if he had fallen from the sky, his entire body was in extreme pain.

Right now, it was very difficult for him to get up. Not to mention the pain in his body, the worst thing was that the invisible pressure was very unstable. The pressure in every part of his body was different, and it was constantly changing.

For example, the force pressing down on his thigh was very strong, while the force pressing down on his back was a bit weaker. But after a few moments, the force pressing down on his back suddenly increased, making him want to get up, but was suddenly pressed down by the pressure.

It was as difficult for Chen Xiang, who was lying on the ground, to stand up as it was for a tortoise to roll over on its own.

Dragon Devil Princess was after all her ancestor, she was stronger than Chen Xiang in every aspect, so her resistance to the pressure here could still be considered strong. Chen Xiang struggled on the ground like a turtle, and couldn’t help but laugh.

Chen Xiang said snappily: "Hurry and get me up!"

"Just who are you? Tell me and I’ll help you up. Otherwise, I won’t let you get up." Dragon Devil Princess sat on Chen Xiang’s back, using the tips of his hair to play with Chen Xiang’s ears as he smiled mischievously.

"Damned witch!" Chen Xiang could not help but scold. Previously, Dragon Devil Princess’s face was ice cold and serious, but now, she suddenly turned into a mischievous girl.

Sensing her extremely flexible and big bottom, Chen Xiang couldn’t help but exclaim in admiration in his heart, and then laughed wickedly. "Lady Princess, your butt really has a fleshy feeling, I really like it!"

"You ... "You are a hooligan!" When the Dragon Devil Princess heard it, she blushed and suddenly stood up.

"To be honest, I haven’t played rogue in a long time, don’t give me a chance, or else ..." "Heh heh." Chen Xiang laughed sinisterly, he was finally able to stand up, but Dragon Devil Princess walked over and slapped him with a palm, allowing him to lie on the ground once again.

"Humph!" Dragon Devil Princess squatted beside Chen Xiang and said: "Who exactly are you? Someone like you cannot be a nobody. "

"I’m telling you, you don’t know who I am, but when the time comes, you will say that I lied to you." Chen Xiang said. He felt that ten thousand years had passed and many people had already forgotten about him.

"Tell me about it first." The Dragon Devil Princess said.

"Alright, my name is Chen Xiang. I was originally a disciple of the Yuan Shi Tao School ..." Just as Chen Xiang said this, he saw that Dragon Devil Princess’s face was filled with shock. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"Are you really Chen Xiang?" Dragon Devil Princess asked anxiously.

"You know me?" Chen Xiang immediately revealed his true appearance and sighed, "It’s already been many years, and there’s still someone who remembers me ... Not a human, but a dragon demon that remembers me! "

"You are too modest, many people remember you now, especially those Dragon Clan Leaders, they are always worried about your return from the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall s in Myriad Tao Mausoleum. I didn’t expect you to really come back now. Although you aren’t strong enough, your ability is indeed not small. " Dragon Devil Princess helped Chen Xiang up, and then asked. "What did you find inside the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall? You have been missing for ten thousand years! "

"I’ve only been in the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall for about a year ... But ten thousand years have passed outside, and I haven’t found anything inside. " Chen Xiang sighed: "I managed to cultivate the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body inside."