Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang’s biggest gain from this was the Myriad Tao Divine Arts, even though he had not cultivated it yet, he knew how powerful the Myriad Tao Divine Arts were.

Inside the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, many Rankers wanted to get their hands on the Myriad Tao Divine Arts, and only by cultivating the Myriad Tao Divine Arts, would they be able to obtain more powerful power and escape from the Heaven Prison that had trapped them for many years.

"Is he really only capable of producing the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body? "Don’t lie to me, although I have never tried, I know it’s not that simple." Dragon Devil Princess’s face was filled with suspicion.

"I’m not lying to you!" Chen Xiang spread out his hands. Although the Dragon Devil Princess gave him a bad feeling, he did not dare take the risk and tell him about the Myriad Tao technique, which was an important matter.

"I don’t believe it!" Dragon Devil Princess snorted.

"Okay, I also got a bead inside. Because of that bead, I can control a bunch of powerful rats." Chen Xiang took out the Rat emporer beads and summoned a few of them.

What surprised him was that these Heaven devouring rat could actually maintain a very fast speed in the third Flying Dragon Experience Place.

It was extremely difficult for Chen Xiang to even walk if he wanted to, but under his command, these Heaven devouring rat were still as fast as lightning.

Even the Dragon Devil Princess was stunned. Although she moved quite freely, her speed was still affected.

"These rats are terrible!" The Dragon Devil Princess did not seem to know about the things inside the barrier, so she secretly believed that Chen Xiang had obtained these mice from the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall.

"Apart from these benefits, is there anything else? I keep having the feeling that the inside of the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall is not that simple. " The Dragon Devil Princess said.

"Also... Furthermore, my Heavenly Alchemy has improved a lot. You know that I am a Alchemist, and my alchemy skills are even better now. " Chen Xiang laughed: "The best thing is that I can learn to refine a type of pill that can help people cultivate the Golden Body of the Myriad Tao. It’s just that it will take some time to refine, how powerful is that!"

Although the Dragon Devil Princess was a dragon demon, she still trained in the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body, so of course she knew that it was extremely difficult to cultivate. It was easier for them to cultivate in the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body than it was for humans, but she felt that it was very difficult.

At the very least, they, the Dragon Demons, would not need to rely on the Flying Dragon Experience Place to cultivate the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body, but it would be a little difficult, and once they enter the Flying Dragon Experience Place, their cultivation of the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body would be even faster!

"Is this true?" Dragon Devil Princess was in a state of disbelief. If Chen Xiang could get this kind of medicinal formula and method of refining from the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall, then that would truly be a great harvest.

"Of course it’s true! Not only will it allow you to cultivate the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body, it will also allow you to strengthen the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body, allowing your body to grow stronger nonstop. " Chen Xiang laughed.

He had only just started cultivating the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body, and he would need to continue to strengthen the Golden Body. Only then would his body be able to withstand the attacks, and be able to contain even more power.

The reason Dragon Devil Princess entered the Flying Dragon Experience Place to cultivate was also to strengthen the Golden Body of the Myriad Tao.

"I don’t believe you. Give me one to have a taste." Dragon Devil Princess pouted and said.

"Ten billion Dao crystal pills!" Chen Xiang took out the Jinzun Dan, and laughed: "This is a kind price for you, if you want to sell it, it would at least cost me tens of billions!"

"He cultivated the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body just by eating one pill?" Dragon Devil Princess wanted to snatch it away but Chen Xiang did not give it to her.

"Of course not, I have to eat twenty pills!" Chen Xiang said, this was a Jinzun Dan that he refined using the Crash method, the quality was high.

"Wouldn’t it need hundreds of billions, or even trillions, to cultivate the Golden Body of the Myriad Tao?" As the Dragon Devil Princess spoke, she took out the ten billion Dao crystal s. She wanted to see the effects of this pill, Chen Xiang.

"But it’s worth it! Even if we enter the Flying Dragon Experience Place, there is no guarantee that we will be able to cultivate the Golden Body of the Myriad Tao. Chen Xiang received the ten billion Dao crystal, passed the pellet over, and said: "This is called a Jinzun Dan, look at it. Even though there is only one pellet, you can definitely feel its obvious effects." Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

After Dragon Devil Princess ate it, she closed her eyes and concentrated on refining it. In just a moment, she felt a strong medicinal effect, which made her very surprised. She never thought that there would actually be such a pill.

Chen Xiang would never tell her that these pills were made from mice.

What made the Dragon Devil Princess most curious was that this pill could still be refined by itself. She did not need to worry about it too much, she could still quickly refine it and fuse it into her body, strengthening the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body!

"Hehe, this ten billion definitely isn’t in vain." Chen Xiang asked with a smile. Her beautiful face was filled with astonishment.

"How much do you have left?" Dragon Devil Princess asked.

"There’s nothing else, just that pill just now!" Chen Xiang truly only had one pill left, and this was all refined in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

When Dragon Devil Princess opened her Flying Dragon Experience Place this time, she also received a lot of Dao crystal, so she definitely did not lack Dao crystal.

"Dragon Devil Princess, do you guys really need Dao crystal s?" Chen Xiang suddenly asked: "Previously, the Divine Ghost Imperial Country was also lacking Dao crystal, why is it so? Your father is the leader of the Dragon Demons; he definitely knows something. "

Chen Xiang had accumulated a lot of Dao crystal, so he wanted to know the most important use of Dao crystal.

"I don’t know either, my father didn’t tell me, but he did divulge to me that the Dao crystal he had amassed over the years was about to be used in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, once he enters the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, he won’t be able to come out again, as for how he is going to use it, I don’t know." The Dragon Devil Princess said: "In short, it’s of great use, otherwise he and the Ghost Emperor would not have accumulated so many Dao crystal."

Chen Xiang only had two to three trillion Dao crystal right now, so the Dragon Demon Sovereign and the Ghost Emperor must have accumulated a lot of Dao crystal over the years.

"And what about yourself? "Is there even a little bit of it?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I do have a lot on me. This time, when I open the Flying Dragon Experience Place, all the Dao crystal that I have obtained will belong to me. I don’t know whether or not I’ll be able to come out after I enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum." Dragon Devil Princess replied, "Even though I’m a Dragon Demon, I haven’t done anything bad."

Chen Xiang smiled and said: "I already know when I see you. If you can’t come out, I will bring you out. I think there shouldn’t be any problems with that."

"Alright, the next time Myriad Tao Mausoleum opens, I will bring you there." Dragon Devil Princess said, "Alright, I am going to start my cultivation now. Let’s part here, Flying Dragon Experience Place will only be open for ten years. I hope that the next time I see you, you will become stronger."

Ten years of time was extremely short for people of the Tai Zun realm, but as long as it was not too bad, they could all cultivate the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body here. Chen Xiang did not know how much he could improve in ten years!

The Dragon Devil Princess left very quickly, so Chen Xiang didn’t know what kind of cultivation she was going to do, but at this moment, he was still walking slowly in the direction the Flying Dragon Palace Leader pointed in.