Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The Flying Dragon Palace Leader was extremely familiar with the place, and the place he was guiding Chen Xiang to was also beneficial to him, so Chen Xiang did not doubt him at all. <>

"Palace Lord Old Man, do you think that Dragon Devil Princess really came here to cultivate? I keep having the feeling that she should go to the Fourth Flying Dragon Experience Place. "

When Dragon Devil Princess left just now, her footsteps were so fast that it felt like flying. Chen Xiang was very surprised to see that the third Flying Dragon Experience Place was not suitable for her.

"I have stayed in the Third Flying Dragon Experience Place for a very long time, there shouldn’t be any secrets, what is her purpose in coming here?" When Flying Dragon Palace Leader heard Chen Xiang’s description, he was also very confused about Dragon Devil Princess’s purpose in coming here.

Chen Xiang was also unable to follow Dragon Devil Princess because his current speed was too slow, he was only running a little faster than normal people, but Dragon Devil Princess was as fast as wind and lightning. He was completely unable to catch up, and here, he had restricted his spatial energy.

Even so, Chen Xiang still had a way to follow them. Long ago, he had already sent out a few rats to secretly watch Dragon Devil Princess.

Not only were Heaven devouring rat fast, they had strong attack, and their tracking abilities were also top-notch. At this moment, they were digging more and more holes underground, and at the same time, they could feel the aura of the Dragon Devil Princess.

"That’s the only way!" Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors. Normally, if he used the power of the Law of Flight, the Six Realms mirrors would easily be able to fly.

But now, he didn’t know why, but his own power of the Law of Flight was too weak. Even if he could make the Six Realms mirrors fly, it couldn’t fly too high, its speed was extremely slow and it had to consume its strength very quickly.

Right now, Chen Xiang did not take out Six Realms mirrors s to fly, but to let those Heaven devouring rat s sprint around below them instead. This way, his speed would be extremely fast.

Right now, he only needed to activate the Six Realms mirrors’s array to withstand the pressure as he moved forward at a high speed.

"These rats are so precious, so versatile!" could not help but laugh. Heaven devouring rat could refine Jinzun Dan, could track and sneak attack, and now could even carry him to fly. He could not help but exclaim at the strength of Heaven devouring rat.

Chen Xiang did not dare to let the Heaven devouring rat get too close to the Dragon Devil Princess, so he could only allow the mouse to follow him on the ground.

"This girl must be hiding something from me, I have to go and take a look." Chen Xiang was also an extremely curious person. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

A few days passed, and Chen Xiang complained: "This Flying Dragon Experience Place is really big, even after running for so long, I still can’t see the edge!"

"There is space in Flying Dragon Experience Place, it was very large to begin with, but that brat still hasn’t stopped?" The Flying Dragon Palace Leader said.

"Not yet!" At the same time, Chen Xiang told Flying Dragon Palace Leader the surrounding terrain.

Flying Dragon Palace Leader had been here for a long time and was very familiar with this place. He also wanted to know where Dragon Devil Princess had been before.

Chen Xiang had been informing Flying Dragon Palace Leader about the situation around him these past few days, but he could not say anything either.

"Strange, these places are all very ordinary places!" At this time, Flying Dragon Palace Leader was also very curious, he really wanted to know the purpose of Dragon Devil Princess’s visit.

Chen Xiang could only continue his chase, only then would he know the mysterious purpose of Dragon Devil Princess’s visit.

In the blink of an eye, a few days had passed. Dragon Devil Princess finally stopped, and it was at the front of a large mountain.

Although the mountain was very big, there were many of these mountains here. It was very common.

Dragon Devil Princess stood in front of that huge mountain. No one knew what she was doing, but the Heaven devouring rat Chen Xiang had sent out could only watch her from afar.

planned to let the mouse dig into the mountain and have a look, but who knew that mouse would suddenly lose contact with him!

This usually happened because the Heaven devouring rat died. This meant that the Heaven devouring rat had lost contact with him.

Chen Xiang was extremely clear about how powerful the Heaven devouring rat was, but it had actually died in an instant.

"There’s something strange about that mountain!" Chen Xiang immediately told Flying Dragon Palace Leader about his discovery.

Flying Dragon Palace Leader carefully recalled the terrain around him, but he did not know if there was anything special about this place.

"I feel like that mountain is protected by a powerful enchantment. When my mouse touched that enchantment, he instantly died!" The other rats that Chen Xiang had sent out had already arrived at the underground cave. When they saw the dead body of the rat, they turned to dust.

"Could someone have done something to the Third Flying Dragon Experience Place after I was defeated?" Flying Dragon Palace Leader could only reach this conclusion.

"It’s possible! has not made any moves yet. " Chen Xiang said: "She must know the situation here."

Dragon Devil Princess stood there for an entire day and night before he made a move.

At this time, Chen Xiang had also arrived at a forest far away from the big mountain. He was standing on a big tree and was looking at the Dragon Devil Princess.

Dragon Devil Princess waited for a day before a black screen of light suddenly appeared on one of the walls of the huge mountain. Dragon Devil Princess immediately walked in and the screen of light disappeared!

"There really is something hidden here. What is it?" Chen Xiang immediately told Flying Dragon Palace Leader what he saw just now.

Flying Dragon Palace Leader was also attracted by this matter, he was the most familiar with Flying Dragon Experience Place, but he did not know what was hidden here.

"This must have something to do with the Dragon Demon!" Flying Dragon Palace Leader replied, "These Dragon Demons existed a long time ago. The main reason why we built the Flying Dragon Experience Place was to suppress these Dragon Demons. Could it be that there are Dragon Demons on top of the Flying Dragon Experience Place?"

Chen Xiang used an Invisibility Spell, and approached it bit by bit. Currently, he was very busy with his walking speed, so he did not reveal any kind of aura.

"Let’s see if we can go in and investigate." Chen Xiang took half a day to get to the front of the huge mountain. At this moment, he could sense that there was a powerful barrier in front of him.

Previously, one of his Heaven devouring rat would turn to dust the moment it touched the barrier, but he didn’t dare to mess around now as he was worried that he would turn to dust.

"Is there any way to get in?" At this time, he knew that Chen Xiang was facing a difficult problem.

"I don’t know!" Chen Xiang pulled down a strand of hair to try it out and saw that it was not lost at all. He was so shocked that he quickly retracted his hand.

This made him even more afraid of making a ruckus. He could only walk around this big mountain and see if there was any other way to get in.

A few days had passed since he could not enter the mountain, and it made him very mad. However, when he was about to go crazy, he suddenly felt a few auras approaching him.

"It’s a Dragon Demon! A very powerful Dragon Demon!" Chen Xiang was immediately sure that these auras were all Ancestral Rank Dragon Demons. He immediately concentrated his mind on concealing himself.

Very quickly, he saw three young men arrive. They were all standing in the same place and waiting, just like how they were before Dragon Devil Princess.

"I’ve got it. When the black light screen appears, I’ll follow you in." Chen Xiang decided to take the risk.