Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang inched closer and closer to those three Dragon Demon youths, but none of them noticed Chen Xiang, who continued to stand there in a daze. <>

"Could it be that they are the same as the Dragon Devil Princess, the descendants of the great Dragon Demons? What are they doing gathered here right now? " Chen Xiang was currently only thirty meters away from the three Demonic Dragon youths, which was extremely close.

Considering how slow he was, he had to move even further forward. He had to calculate the time and step into the black light screen with the three men.

He remembered that the moment the Dragon Devil Princess entered, the black light screen disappeared.

"They actually didn’t discover me!" My current strength is too weak. If not for this distance, coupled with the fact that I can use my normal speed and strength, they would have definitely died. " Chen Xiang was standing about a hundred meters in front of the three youths, waiting for the mountain to open.

The three young men waited for a day and a night before a black screen appeared on the mountain wall.

After the black light screen appeared, Chen Xiang immediately walked over, and maintained his pace. When he reached the front of the light screen, the three youths were already by his side, and then he and the three youths stepped into the black light screen at the same time.

After entering, Chen Xiang breathed a sigh of relief, and at the same time maintained his vigilance so that he wouldn’t be discovered by the three youths.

It was dark inside, and he could not see anything. However, he could feel that there were two paths here!

The three youths walked towards one of the paths. Chen Xiang didn’t want to walk with them, so he chose the other path.

"Didn’t those three say anything?" Flying Dragon Palace Leader asked.

"No, they didn’t say a word!" Chen Xiang hoped that they would be able to speak, so they would know a little about the situation, but they did not.

Chen Xiang could only follow the path forward.

Although this place was very mysterious, when Chen Xiang entered, he realized that he could actually use the power of space.

Chen Xiang really wanted to find the Dragon Devil Princess quickly so he could see the reason why she came in here, so he sped up his pace and went forward as well.

After he walked for two hours, he arrived at a spacious hall. The ceiling of the hall was covered in blood-colored stones, causing the entire hall to be enveloped in a demonic red glow. It looked very uncomfortable.

After Chen Xiang entered the hall, he saw many people sitting there. All of them were young people, there were a total of around a hundred people.

There were rows and rows of chairs in the hall, with the Dragon Devil Princess sitting right at the front.

Soon after, he saw the three young men from before walk in through another tunnel. Now, he understood that both tunnels would lead to this place. The main reason why there were two tunnels was because of the man and the woman.

Chen Xiang immediately saw that the location the Dragon Devil Princess was at was near the exit of his passage, which was why he had made such a conjecture.

"These must be the descendants of the giant Dragon Demon. I didn’t expect them to be so powerful, they must all be at your ancestor’s level." Chen Xiang was currently near the entrance of the passage. If anything went wrong, he would be able to leave the hall in time.

These young Dragon Demons must be waiting here for something, Chen Xiang guessed secretly.

Just like this, the Dragon Devil Princess and the group of young powerful Dragon Demons sat there blankly for a few days.

After a few days, they suddenly stood up, and Chen Xiang, who was waiting impatiently, also became alert.

He saw a man whose skin was glowing red walk out. He looked very scary!

"Next, I will choose ten of you as my offerings. Granny Long has been hungry for several days, and you are all nurtured by her. You should also feel the beauty of this world. It’s time to repay her." The red Dragon said.

Demonic Dragon Grandmother!

When Chen Xiang heard these four words, he was scared senseless. Other than the three giants, there was still such a powerful existence among the Dragon Demons!

And the Dragon Devil Princess was actually born of this Dragon Grandmother!

Chen Xiang quickly told this to Flying Dragon Palace Leader.

"So that’s how it is. It seems like the dragon-kind’s ecology should be like the bees. Inside the beehive, the queen ant is responsible for the reproduction. It’s probably the same for Grandma Dragon. However, she usually doesn’t do anything, so the other matters are handed over to the three giant Dragon Demons. "

"Something must have happened to Grandma Dragon. I need to eat something even more powerful."

Chen Xiang looked at Dragon Devil Princess. The relationship between him and Dragon Devil Princess was not bad, he did not wish for this beautiful princess to be eaten.

After the red dragon closed his eyes for a while, he suddenly opened them and said, "I’ve already chosen. Grandma Long Mo told me that she needs your ten ..."

The red dragon ordered ten young Dragon Demons, Dragon Devil Princess was actually among them. Dragon Devil Princess, like the other nine Dragon Demons, were trembling because they were about to be eaten by the Dragon Demon Grandmother!

"Follow me!" The red dragon said, then opened a stone door and walked in.

Although Dragon Devil Princess and the rest were filled with fear and despair, they still had to follow. If they did not go, they would die in the end.

Chen Xiang immediately teleported and followed behind them. He wanted to see what the Dragon Grandmother looked like.

The tunnel was very long. After walking for half a day, they finally reached the end. At the end of the tunnel was a very big cave that emitted a faint white light.

After entering, Chen Xiang did not see the Demonic Dragon Grandmother above him. Instead, he saw a very large crystal pearl, which could accommodate a few people. Inside the crystal ball, there were many floating specks of light. These specks of light were swimming around merrily like small fish.

The red dragon grabbed a young man’s neck and released a red light that enveloped the young man. Then, with a powerful palm strike, the young man threw him into the huge crystal ball. The fish-like dots immediately came back and crazily devoured the young man’s body.

When the Dragon Devil Princess and the others saw this, their bodies trembled because it was their turn to fight next.

"How cruel... Is this thing really the Dragon Devil Grandmother? " Chen Xiang was confused, but the red dragon demon released a red light that enveloped Dragon Devil Princess and the others, preventing them from escaping. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"Haha ..." The red Dragon Demon suddenly laughed sinisterly, and then threw a young Dragon Demon into the crystal ball, letting the thing inside devour it.

Chen Xiang suddenly felt that this crystal ball was not some Demon Dragon Grandmother, but rather something the red Goblin was raising.

The position of the red dragon demon was definitely not ordinary, so no matter what he said, those dragon demons would believe him and would not dare to disobey him. In addition, he was very strong, so even the dragon demon didn’t dare to do anything to him.