Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang thought this was very strange. He heard that the Dragon Demons were raised by those Dragon Demons previously, but now, there was this so-called Dragon Demon Grandmother. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"Could it be that the Dragon Devil Princess and the other high level Dragon Demons are all nurtured by this Dragon Devil Grandmother?" As Chen Xiang looked at the crystal ball, he suddenly thought of his Rat emporer beads.

Very quickly, the first nine young Dragon Demons were all thrown inside, all of them devoured. This is the Dragon Demon of the Ancestor’s cultivation level, all of them were very strong, they melted after entering the crystal ball. "

Now that it was Dragon Devil Princess’s turn, her face was filled with despair, just like the other young Dragon Demons. She never expected that this would be the end result.

Chen Xiang felt that the Dragon Devil Princess was still useful to him, so he wouldn’t just watch as the Dragon Devil Princess was thrown inside.

Just as the Blood Dragon Demon was about to attack, Chen Xiang suddenly used the power of space and teleported the Dragon Devil Princess into the Tianchuang furnace.

Seeing that the Dragon Devil Princess had disappeared, and also feeling that there was a huge movement outside the stone room, the Red Dragon Demon immediately chased after him. He did not expect the Dragon Devil Princess to actually escape. The young Dragon Demons in front of him didn’t dare to disobey him. Even if they were to die, they would die obediently. Even though they had a lot of complaints in their hearts, they didn’t dare to speak them out.

And now, one of them had run away. This kind of courage was admirable to the Blood Dragon!

After Chen Xiang saw that the Blood Dragon Demon had left, he immediately took out the Six Realms mirrors and enlarged it. Then, he covered the huge crystal ball and placed it inside the Six Realms mirrors.

"Success, this thing is way too easy to obtain!" Chen Xiang originally only wanted to give it a try to see if he could take away this "Dragon Demon Grandmother", but he didn’t expect it to succeed so quickly.

After Chen Xiang succeeded, he had consecutively teleported away from the belly of the mountain. After arriving outside, his speed had slowed and he could not use his spatial energy. Fortunately, he had a group of powerful Heaven devouring rat s.

He used a group of Heaven devouring rat s to bring him far away from this place, and then made a tunnel deep into the ground at a hidden location.

If the Demonic Dragon Lady was stolen by him, the Blood Dragon Demons would definitely go crazy. At that time, even Chen Xiang did not know what they would do.

Dragon Devil Princess did not expect himself to be suddenly stuffed into a space. It was a little hot inside, and there was also a terrifying Heavenly Alchemy immortal power.

She had some understanding of Chen Xiang, she knew that Chen Xiang’s body had merged with the Heavenly Alchemy soul, she had previously seen it from the Zhao Clan, so she understood it a little.

"Is it Chen Xiang who took me away, or is it someone from the Zhao Clan?" The Dragon Devil Princess suspected that it was Chen Xiang. In her impression, Chen Xiang had the most methods up his sleeves and was quite bold.

"Just who took me away!?" Dragon Devil Princess shouted. She did not get a response and started shouting inside.

"It’s me, stop arguing!" Chen Xiang replied, "I’ll let you out when it’s safe."

She was isolated from the outside world within the Tianchuang furnace. With this, no matter how many methods the Demonic Dragon had, it would be difficult to find her.

Chen Xiang was currently hiding underground in order to avoid being tracked by the Dragon Demons. At this moment, he only left more than ten mice to scout the surroundings.

"It really is you!" Dragon Devil Princess had already guessed that it was Chen Xiang long ago, but she was still very surprised that Chen Xiang could actually enter that place and rescue her without anyone knowing.

Chen Xiang did not know how powerful the red dragon demon was, but this Dragon Devil Princess did know, to actually get rid of her in an instant under the eyes of the red dragon demon, she couldn’t help but be impressed, if Chen Xiang were to fail, then the consequences would be dire.

"Where am I? is it in your Divine Sense Sea World? " Dragon Devil Princess asked.

"Of course not, you’re in my furnace. I was worried that you would go crazy and mess around with my Divine Sense Sea World, so I threw you in." Chen Xiang laughed.

He also needed that person’s cooperation to move him away, especially when that person possessed great strength. He also needed to relax his entire body.

Dragon Devil Princess had already relaxed his entire body at that time, which was why Chen Xiang was able to smoothly succeed.

"Sigh... "He’s in big trouble. I wonder what will happen to the High Priest." Dragon Devil Princess sat with his back against the wall, hugging his knees, very worried.

"Worried that he would attack your father?" Chen Xiang asked, he could already guess this kind of thing.

"Yes, I hope my father is alert enough to avoid the High Priest’s retaliation." The Dragon Devil Princess said, "Only by entering the Myriad Tao Mausoleum can you hide from the High Priest."

The Red Dragon was the High Priest. Chen Xiang was extremely curious about the High Priest’s situation.

"Is the High Priest very powerful?" Chen Xiang thought back to the fear he had towards the High Priest in the Dragon Devil Princess, and realised that the High Priest was indeed very powerful, causing the Dragon Demons that revered their ancestors to feel fear.

"Extremely powerful. He’s the one who controls Grandma Dragon!" "Back then, when Grandma Dragon Demon gave birth to us, he wasn’t even born. Later on, for some reason, he controlled Grandma Dragon Demon and was even able to use Grandma Dragon Demon’s power. Through her, he was able to sense our lives and where we are."

Dragon Devil Princess suddenly said anxiously: "Don’t stop now, he knows where I am."

Chen Xiang suddenly wanted to laugh, because the Dragon Devil Grandmother was in his hands.

"Then what is Dragon Devil Grandmother?" Chen Xiang asked again: "I saw that crystal ball too. I’m very curious about this kind of thing, I keep having the feeling that it’s very similar to my Rat emporer beads."

"That’s right, there are many similarities between us and your Rat emporer beads. After that, my father used his own strength to cooperate with Grandma Dragon to give birth to me. My father was the first generation of Dragon Demons, and all the previous Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable were of the first generation.

"As for us youngsters, we are the second generation of Dragon Demons. After that, my father and the others, this generation of Dragon Demons, will then use the power of their own Dragon Demons to nurture other Dragon Demons. That is the third generation.

"When a Dragon Demon is strong enough, they can cultivate something similar to a Dragon Devil Grandmother and use it to create their own Dragon Demons. These Dragon Demons weren’t born strong enough to be comparable to humans."

Chen Xiang listened intently as he thought to himself, who exactly was the one who created this Dragon Demon Grandmother? No matter how he looked at it, she looked the same as the Rat emporer beads, except the Rat emporer beads gave birth to mice, and the amount of dao energy required to create them was not strong.