Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Hey, are you still running away? "Don’t ever stop!" Dragon Devil Princess warned. "No, I’ve stopped." Chen Xiang had already brought in the Demonic Dragon Grandmother, so the High Priest definitely could not find out the location of the Dragon Devil Princess through the Demonic Dragon Grandmother.

"You ... This is very dangerous. " Although she still had a lot of questions, she hoped that Chen Xiang could run now.

Chen Xiang laughed: What are you afraid of, I have the Demonic Dragon Grandmother! Could he possibly know where you are from, through the Dragon clan’s grandmother? "

When the Dragon Devil Princess heard this from inside the Tianchuang furnace, he was shocked speechless.

Chen Xiang had guessed her reaction. Just as he was feeling pleased with himself, Dragon Devil Princess said: "Then you must run even more.

When Chen Xiang heard this, he immediately ordered the rats to bring him to the tunnel and run.

"Looks like this Dragon Devil Grandmother is a hot potato!" Chen Xiang cursed: "Why don’t I throw this away?"

"We can’t lose it. Grandma Dragonwitch has always been under the watch of the High Priest. My father and the others have always wanted to get it, but the High Priest never gave it to them." Dragon Devil Princess said, "This is a good thing ... "Oh yeah, why don’t you try and fuse it?"

Fuse with a Dragon Devil Grandmother! After Chen Xiang heard this, he felt that he was going crazy, but he liked to do this kind of thing.

"Okay, I’ll try! I feel that this thing can fuse with my Rat emporer beads. " Chen Xiang felt that this was pretty much the same as concocting pills. Rat emporer beads and Grandma Dragon were both of the same sex type, it wasn’t difficult to fuse them, and there might even be a better effect after being merged with them.

Chen Xiang immediately took out the Rat emporer beads, and at the same time released the Dragon Devil Princess from the Tianchuang furnace, because he needed to use the Tianchuang furnace to refine it later.

"What is this place?" Dragon Devil Princess saw that it was pitch black.

"Deep underground, a basement opened by a mouse." As Chen Xiang said this, he threw the Rat emporer beads into the hole, and then he threw the Demonic Dragon Grandmother inside as well.

"Alright, let’s see if we can fuse the two together." Chen Xiang observed the interior of the Tianchuang furnace and discovered that there were no movements. He then tried to squeeze the two together with his own strength.

However, when he squeezed it out, he discovered that it couldn’t be fused at all, and it wasn’t as easy as refining pills.

"With blood!" Seeing Chen Xiang’s expression, Dragon Devil Princess knew that Chen Xiang did not succeed.

Chen Xiang immediately thought of the blood refinement method and immediately let out a large amount of blood, pouring a large amount of blood into the Tianchuang furnace, soaking it in the Rat emporer beads and Dragon Demon Grandmother.

"What are we doing? That’s crazy." Dragon Devil Princess could not help but mock himself when he saw Chen Xiang tormenting them with their most supreme divine objects.

The reason why Chen Xiang had merged with the Demonic Dragon Grandmother was to escape the tracking of the High Priest. He did not care whether it would work or not, he did not want himself to be tightly entangled by the High Priest.

Very quickly, Chen Xiang’s Blood Refinement Art was in effect. After being refined by with a large amount of his blood, the Dragon Devil Grandmaster had a reaction with him, and under his control, she slowly started to merge with the Rat emporer beads.

Now he could sense that Granny Dragon was in touch with something, and that something was approaching.

"It’s the High Priest!" Chen Xiang suddenly shouted in alarm. At this moment, he could feel that the Goblin Grandmother was walking towards him. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"Then what should we do? I’ll take you with me! " Dragon Devil Princess was very anxious, she knew the High Priest’s true strength the best. She also knew that once the High Priest caught her, she and Chen Xiang were dead for sure.

"No need to run, I just need to cut off the connection between Grandma Dragon and the High Priest." Chen Xiang immediately severed the connection between Dragon Devil Grandmother and the High Priest.

Now that it was gone, he could no longer sense the High Priest. This made him feel much more at ease.

"Let’s go, we need to stay far away from this place, the High Priest is near here," Chen Xiang let Dragon Devil Princess climb onto the Six Realms mirrors s, then had them carry the Heaven devouring rat s and quickly pass through the depths.

As the two things gradually fused, Chen Xiang became more relaxed. The High Priest no longer chased after him, and instead, he no longer felt pressured.

One day later, the Demonic Dragon Grandmother and the Rat emporer beads successfully merged together. The Rat emporer beads had already become transparent, but it was still so big.

He immediately let many Heaven devouring rat enter the Rat emporer beads.

The Rat emporer beads had already undergone a huge change, and Chen Xiang could clearly feel it himself. Now, he wanted to see what would happen after the Heaven devouring rat enters the Rat emporer beads.

He sent the Heaven devouring rat back into the Rat emporer beads and let it temper the rats.

"What about the rats?" Dragon Devil Princess asked curiously.

"I don’t know either. It might take a lot of time, and this Demonic Dragon Beast is currently absorbing a large amount of my Dao energy." Chen Xiang said: "It should take a very long time to change this group of rats."

"You must have experienced many strange things. Based on your experience, what do you think will happen?" Dragon Devil Princess was also very curious.

"I don’t know!" Chen Xiang had thought about it before, but he didn’t know how to guess it.

"Right, how did you get into that mountain?" Dragon Devil Princess asked again, this was also something she was suspicious of, that mountain was constructed together with many strong Dragon Demons, and it was not something that could be casually entered, but Chen Xiang could still ’sneak in’.

After that, Chen Xiang told Dragon Devil Princess how he had snuck in and asked: "You Dragon Demons are really strange, do you want to rebel against that High Priest?"

"What can we do?" He would call us over every once in a while. Although he often fed Dragon Demons to Dragon Demons Grandmother, this is the first time he has fed a second generation of Dragon Demons like us. " The Dragon Devil Princess snorted: "In that situation, it’s useless for us to resist. Our strength is far inferior to him."

"Why did he feed that Dragon Demon Grandmother?" Chen Xiang had already merged with his Draconic Grandmother, he only knew that she needed to absorb a large amount of Dao energy. He could provide it himself, and if not, she would be able to provide it with Dao crystal s.

Just at this moment, he suddenly thought about the use of Dao crystal, feeding this kind of thing was really not bad.

"Grandma Dragon Demon can release a very powerful energy. After he absorbs this energy, he will become even stronger. You must know that when he was just born, he was much weaker than us! "However, I don’t know why he was able to contact Grandma Dragon. He was able to absorb Granny Dragon’s energy and was also able to control her to release energy." Dragon Devil Princess sighed: "After a period of time, he suddenly became very strong, and even controlled Grandma Dragon."