Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang’s next opponent would be the Dragon Demon High Priest. He had to understand more about the Dragon Demon High Priest. Uncle ha-ha!

"Has the High Priest been invincible since then?" Chen Xiang said, "Why didn’t your father and the other two great Dragon Demons join hands to deal with the High Priest?"

"You don’t know, the relationship between the three giants wasn’t like this at first. Although it can’t be said that they are on good terms with each other, it’s still passable that there aren’t any conflicts. The reason for their hostility is because of the High Priest." The Dragon Devil Princess said, "The High Priest was also worried that the three giant Dragon Demons would join hands against him, so he secretly supported the other two Dragon Demons and let them fight against my father."

"In this way, the three of them won’t be able to join hands, and my father has always been stronger than those two giants. Those two giants were worried that my father would destroy them, so with the help of the High Priest, they started to be hostile towards my father." The Dragon Devil Princess said.

Chen Xiang nodded his head, he did not feel that it was unexpected, the high priest was indeed playing quite well, this way he would be able to rest easy and borrow a knife to kill people.

Once the two Goblin Great Leaders finished off Dragon Devil Princess’s father, the High Priest would be able to get rid of the other two Goblin Great Leaders easily.

"Well, then we’ll see what happens to my little mouse." Chen Xiang laughed: "Maybe I can use these little mice to kill the High Priest."

Dragon Devil Princess also wished for Chen Xiang to succeed, but she felt that it was impossible. Previously, it was extremely difficult for Chen Xiang to use this kind of rat against the ancestor of the Zhao Clan.

The High Priest Dragon Demon was so much stronger than the ancestors of the two Zhao Clan!

"Why didn’t you tell me when you came to the gathering? If it wasn’t for me following behind you, you’d be feeding this to Grandma Dragon." Chen Xiang chuckled: "Hurry up and thank me."

"Humph!" Dragon Devil Princess lightly pinched Chen Xiang’s arm: "You bastard, you’re really ’messing around’ ... "Thank you!"

"You’re welcome!" Chen Xiang laughed complacently: "Oh right, don’t tell me you’re called Dragon Devil Princess, don’t you have a name?"

"Of course there is. Although I am a Dragon Demon, but right now, there are people with a human nature too!" Dragon Devil Princess tenderly said: "My name is Long Qiumu."

"Someone with the surname Long!" Chen Xiang laughed.

"Of course the dragon’s surname is Long." Long Qiumu said: "The title of Dragon Devil Princess was given to me by someone else. I have never thought about what kind of princess I am."

"Alright! Do you know where the Flying dragon bead on the flying platform are? " Chen Xiang said: "We need to go to the flying platform. We don’t feel safe here."

It was already difficult for Chen Xiang to stay on the stage, so there was no need to go up to the stage.

"If you go to the 4th Ascending Platform, you’ll probably only be able to crawl on the ground and won’t be able to get up." Long Qiumu said: "You should stay here for a while before leaving!"

"Didn’t you say that this place will only be open for ten years? I can’t wait that long, let’s just go up! "When I get there, I’ll be forced to become even more powerful." Chen Xiang said: "I am currently only in the middle stage of the Tai Zun realm, all of you Dragon Demons are ancestors or something, I simply cannot deal with them."

"Hmph, even the High Priest was fooled by you, and you still say that you can’t handle him?" Long Qiumu lightly snorted, "If you were to become the next ancestor, what then!"

Flying Dragon Palace Leader also didn’t recommend for Chen Xiang to go to the Fourth Flying Dragon Experience Place directly, but if Chen Xiang wanted to avoid the Dragon God, he could only do this.

Although Long Qiumu didn’t recommend it, she had no choice but to go with Chen Xiang to look for the Flying dragon bead.

"There’s actually no ten-year deadline here." Long Qiumu said: "All of this is a lie, if you want to continue staying here, no matter how long you stay, it will not be a problem. Although the Dragon Demons are strong, they are not strong enough to control so many Flying Dragon Experience Place."

"That’s true!"

Chen Xiang and Long Qiumu had already reached the ground level, and headed towards the place where the Flying dragon bead might appear. Those Heaven devouring rat were still cultivating, they couldn’t even be used now, which made it harder for him to walk.

Chen Xiang was currently in Long Qiumu’s Divine Sense Sea World, so they asked Long Qiumu to bring him to the Fourth Flying Dragon Experience Place.

Two days later, they arrived at the Fourth Flying Dragon Experience Place. Even Long Qiumu found it difficult to stay there.

It was just as Long Qiumu had said. Chen Xiang could only lie prone on the ground, as he was suppressed by a strong pressure and was unable to get up at all.

"How are you going to cultivate like this?" Long Qiumu was still alright, at least he could still stand up and walk, but he was unable to even stand up.

"It will definitely work!" Chen Xiang used all his strength to support himself on the ground. He was barely able to hold on for a bit, but when he tried to get up, he was immediately pushed down by the pressure.

Long Qiumu watched from the side and said: "Seems like you will need many years to be able to stand up. There are many energies here that can strengthen your ’flesh’, increase your ’Golden Body’ of the Myriad Tao, and at the same time strengthen your Six souls, allowing your energy to become even stronger. At that time, you will have sufficient strength to stand up."

Chen Xiang did not know how long it would take, but he was frantically absorbing the energy here. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Long Qiumu was right beside Chen Xiang, and seeing how Chen Xiang’s body was frantically devouring the energy around him like a whirlpool, she was immediately shocked, not at the speed at which he was absorbing the energy, but rather the speed at which he was quickly digesting the energy.

"You must have obtained some technique from the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall, right?" Long Qiumu suddenly said: "Don’t try to deceive me, don’t think that I am so easy to deceive. I did not know you well previously, so I did not question you further."

Long Qiumu was very familiar with Chen Xiang now, so she dared to ask.

"Nope." Chen Xiang denied it.

"Hmph, just by looking at the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall, one can comprehend powerful techniques, and not to mention enter! There are some extremely powerful experts who are able to see through the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall and see the cultivation technique deep inside the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall. By chance, they were able to obtain a small part and then, they can become strong. "

Long Qiumu lied on the ground and looked at Chen Xiang who was lying on the ground. Chen Xiang immediately turned his face away and did not look at her.

"What you ’obtained’ inside is the Myriad Tao Divine Technique, right? That is the final form of the Heavenly Alchemy. " Long Qiumu continued: "I have heard of this cultivation technique before! Back then, the reason the Myriad Tao Mausoleum was so big was to encircle you so that you could obtain this cultivation technique. "

Chen Xiang still did not admit it, and said: "What did you say, I don’t even know!"

"Give me back your act, I won’t take your Myriad Tao Divine Arts, I also have my own cultivation techniques." Long Qiumu rolled his eyes at Chen Xiang, and then reached out to pinch the flesh on Chen Xiang’s face: "Tell me, are the Myriad Tao’s divine arts really that powerful?"

Just when Chen Xiang wanted to reveal a bit of the Myriad Tao’s Sacred Art, Long Qiumu suddenly stood up and grabbed him, and started running frantically.

"The High Priest is here!" Long Qiumu sternly said to Chen Xiang: "He is in the vicinity!"