Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 291 - Fire Martial Soul

------------

Hua Xiangyue was not lacking in crystal stones or anything. She only wanted to vent out her anger, that was why she did not want any share from Chen Xiang.

"Little rascal, you’re really bad! Fortunately, sister is not your enemy, otherwise, it would be unfortunate! Right, the auction has a set of rules, you can’t bid for your own goods. I, as the highest supervisor of the auction, of course cannot let you break the rules." Hua Xiangyue said.

"That’s simple, can’t we ask Sister Menger? This should not break the rules!" Chen Xiang mischievously laughed and said.

Hua Xiangyue’s eyes lit up as ambiguously smiled and said, "Liu Menger must seriously instill you obedience!" 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Chen Xiang stuck out his tongue, then hastily left the Danxiang Tower and returned to the Divine Weapon Shop. There was still more than a month before the auction would begin, if by that time, Chen Xiang’s preparation wasn’t enough, he was worried that he could only look at the good stuff, and wouldn’t be able to buy them, because his True Elemental Dans were lacking. For now, he could try to cover up by refining many True Elemental Dans.

In the Black Tortoise Mysterious Realm, he had obtained a large number of herbs for the True Elemental Dan, and in accordance with five dans per set of herbs, it was enough for him to refine more than ten thousand True Elemental Dans. Even considering his quick speed in refining, it would still be difficult for him to completely refine them in this period.

In an hour, Chen Xiang could refine ten times, and using four hours everyday for alchemy, he could refine forty times. In other words, he could only refine two hundred True Elemental Dans everyday. He estimated that at the time of the auction, he would probably be able to refine approximately five thousand dans.

At the moment, he had about eight thousand True Elemental Dan in his possession, but even after all of this, he still felt that it was still lacking.

Chen Xiang began to tediously refine dans. In order to not leave any regrets in that large-scale auction, he could only bite the bullet and go into seclusion. His schedule was very tight, in the day, he would refine dans; while in the night, he would cultivate True Qi; and at the same time, he would also congeal the Golden Dragon Saliva. This way, once he returned to the Extreme Martial Sect, he would be able to quickly accelerate the ripening of a large number of his precious spirit herbs.

When Liu Menger returned, she saw a note on the table in a hall. It was left behind by Chen Xiang, saying he went to seclusion for alchemy, moreover, he also asked Liu Menger to look for Hua Xiangyue.

Chen Xiang refined dans with a firm and calm heart. At the time of the auction, although he could borrow some money from Hua Xiangyue and Liu Menger, he still didn’t want to. It would appear that he had no backbone, and he would even appear as a laughingstock to them.

Time passed away bit by bit, in the Fragrance City, a storm was brewing. Outstanding disciples of various sects, some reputed aristocrats, and even devil sect disciples were mixed in the city to participate in the Grand Meeting.

Dan, for many martial artists, it was something to rely upon. Many came here in order to take advantage of the Grand Meeting to buy some relatively cheaper dans, or came along to join in the fun and open their outlook.

Some Deans also quietly arrived. Some of them were here to procure dans, some came as guest of Danxiang Taoyuan, and some even arrived here to especially make their disciples participate in the alchemy tournament.

Of course, the majority of them all came here for the auction, these Deans not only wanted to buy, but also wanted to sell, that was why in the auction, some very attractive things, which were only in the hands of the Nirvana Realm martial artists, would appear in the auction.

It was precisely because of this that Chen Xiang had to toughen his heart to refine more True Elemental Dans. He was not like those Deans with strong backgrounds, if he didn’t have enough capital, by the time of the auction, he could only impatiently watch in vain.

And, as he expected, before the start of the auction, he was able to refine five thousand five hundred True Elemental Dans, and along with the eight thousand five hundred dans, he had a total of fourteen thousand dans in his hand. However, even after this, he still felt that it was not enough.

"Little rascal, it is very rare to see you so honest. You even went into closed-door training for as much as one month!" Liu Menger, with Hua Xiangyue, sat in the hall while chatting.

Once Chen Xiang came out, he immediately caught sight of the two beauties. He didn’t expect Hua Xiangyue would actually come here so often; the relationship of these two turned out to be better than he had imagined.

Both of them were wearing snow white simple longuette, but both had two different kinds of flavor. One was charming and enthralling, while the other was noble and dignified, none of them was better or worse than the other, making the onlooking Chen Xiang secretly praise in his heart.

"Looking at you being so impatient, it seems that someone will be out of luck?" Hua Xiangyue mischievously laughed and said as she handed a cup of tea to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang walked over and took the teacup, then very uncouthly sat down on the chair, crossed his legs and said, "I’m going to earn True Elemental Dans. I’m not an aloof figure like the both of you, whom, without even doing anything, will still have a large amount of crystal stones and True Elemental Dans."

"Then you’ll have to work hard, this is definitely your first time participating in such a large auction. Your shitty capital is probably only enough to take a look at the fun. When those Deans and Elder level characters come out to bid, your legs will definitely become soft." Hua Xiangyue said in a laughing tone.

Liu Menger chuckled and said, "Little rascal, what if sister lends you a bit?

Hua Xiangyue also followed in, “I can also lend you some.”

Chen Xiang secretly despised them, but he did not immediately refused, "For the time being, there is no need. Wait for the auction to begin, at that time, if I really need more, then we can talk again.”

If it was truly not enough, Chen Xiang could only nonchalantly ask them. Of course he was not afraid of these two threatening him everyday, one must know, the lender was always the master.

"I want to auction two things, it is best if you can auction them at the beginning!" Chen Xiang replied, he had many good stuffs, but some of them were things he could not bear to sell, this point, both Hua Xiangyue and Liu Menger knew.

Hua Xiangyue asked, "What is it? If you want to sell dans, I advise you to forget it. If Yue Jiangling wasn’t impatient, your Elemental Spirit Dan is not worth anything."

Ten million crystal stones for these tycoons was indeed not worth anything.

"I want to sell ten Building Foundation Dans, sell them all together, this should be able to fetch a very high price... and a Fire Martial Soul." Chen Xiang said.

Hearing the three words, Fire Martial Soul, Hua Xiangyue and Liu Menger were both extremely surprised.

The Fire Martial Soul was different from the Fire Spirit. The Fire Martial Soul could only be fused with a single part of one’s body, such as the arm or the leg. As for the Fire Spirit, it would fuse with the whole body and as well as the soul, and it could even allow one to have powerful flames.

When a Fire Martial Soul was fused with the meridians of the arm, no matter what type of True Qi, its user would be able to release flames. The strength of the flames vary from one user to another. If their True Qi was vigorous, then their flames would be stronger.

Chen Xiang had acquired this Fire Martial Soul when he had killed the crown prince, Song Nanming. Although it wasn’t as good as a Fire Spirit, if it was sold in an auction, a lot of people would want to fight for it.

"You really have this thing?" Liu Menger came next to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang took out a small jade bottle and handed it to Liu Menger.

Liu Menger, after observing the jade bottle for a bit, said in surprise, "You little rascal, how can you have so many precious things. It is the first time for me to see a Fire Martial Soul!"

Hua Xiangyue also took a closer look. In the small jade bottle, there was a round red thing releasing a warm current; it was indeed the Fire Martial Soul. Although it was the first time Hua Xiangyue and Liu Menger had seen it, they could still recognize it from the information provided in the records.

"How is it?" Chen Xiang proudly laughed and said.

"Indeed, it is the Fire Martial Soul, but where did you get it?" Hua Xiangyue covered the jade bottle and received it along with the ten Building Foundation Dans. Although it was a very rare thing, but for them, it was of little value. Selling it wasn’t particularly hard for them.

Liu Menger was also very curious, but Chen Xiang laughed and said, "Not going to tell you."

"Humph!"

Chen Xiang returned to his room, now, he knew that these Deans were all richer than he had imagined. Last time, when he had sold the Building Foundation Dans to Gu Dongchen, he gave him a very honest price, yet Gu Dongchen actually still bargained with him, not to mention that he even pretended to be very poor.

He decided to definitely extort his rich martial nephews.

A translated work of Xianxiaworld