Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, Chen Xiang was the same as her, filled with curiosity. Why did the High Priest know they were here, why did she come so quickly?

Chen Xiang was very sure that he had cut off the connection between the Dragon Devil Grandmother and the High Priest, but he didn’t expect that the High Priest would still be able to catch up to him.

"Does the High Priest have any other methods to track him?" Chen Xiang asked, he was also thinking of a way to escape.

"Using invisibility won’t work. The High Priest was able to catch up from the third platform and determine their exact location. Clearly, he knows where they are."

No matter how he thought about it, the only thing he could do was to escape.

The High Priest was extremely powerful. Forget about Long Qiumu, even Long Qiumu’s father was not a match for the High Priest, so right now, Long Qiumu could only madly run for his life.

"He has my Pearl of Life in his hand. Perhaps, he is trying to sense my location through this Pearl of Life. I had forgotten about it before." Long Qiumu scolded in a low voice: "It’s all because of this bastard. At that time, he insisted on taking our Pearl of Life and had no choice but to give it to him. I never thought that he would be able to use the Pearl of Life to track my location."

Chen Xiang asked: "Is there no way to get rid of his tracking method?"

Long Qiumu frowned: "I do, but it will take some time, it’s too late now!"

It was really too late now. Chen Xiang could already see that there was another big ball of red light behind him.

Just as Chen Xiang saw this ball of red light, the ball of red light suddenly exploded, and in the blink of an eye, countless little red lights exploded towards him like rain.

If the red ball of light landed on the ground, it would create a huge crater, which contained a very terrifying power. When rushing over, Chen Xiang anxiously took out his Six Realms mirrors to block.

However, the violent explosion that was produced sent him and Long Qiumu flying.

After they were sent flying, the huge red light ball exploded once again. This time, the light ball was even larger and fell towards Chen Xiang and the rest, like countless huge meteors descending, bringing with it a burst of oppressive Qi.

"You go!" Long Qiumu grabbed Chen Xiang and struck his chest with force, sending him flying.

Chen Xiang never thought that Long Qiumu would actually send him off so decisively. As he flew back, he saw a white light flash on Long Qiumu’s body as he charged towards the High Priest! VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Instantly, the two huge red and white masses of light clashed together, and two sets of red and white huge waves of Qi exploded out, as though a gigantic dome covered the ground, the impact from the collision caused everything in the area to be razed to the ground, while Chen Xiang was also severely injured by the strong wave of Qi!

After Chen Xiang landed on the ground, he immediately used Counter Power to conceal himself. In the Fourth Flying Dragon Experience Place, he had already been under a huge amount of pressure, and now that he was injured, he simply could not move at all.

Fortunately, he was able to make himself invisible in time. As he lay on the ground, he saw a red-faced old man flying over from the sky. It was the High Priest!

"Then what about Long Qiumu?" Chen Xiang was very worried in his heart.

At this time, Long Qiumu was also considered his friend. Even though he was a Dragon Demon, he was a very good person.

Right now, Long Qiumu’s life and death was unclear, and he was powerless to find out, so his heart was very sad!

"That damned High Priest!" Chen Xiang looked at the High Priest who was walking away, his heart filled with resentment.

Chen Xiang told Flying Dragon Palace Leader what happened just now. Right now, he could only tell Flying Dragon Palace Leader everything.

After the Flying Dragon Palace Leader heard this, he said, "Right now, you have to stabilize your own situation! That Dragon Devil Princess is still the daughter of the Dragon Demon Lord, and now that the whereabouts of Dragon Demon Grandmother is unknown, he will definitely not kill Long Qiumu. At most, he will just imprison her. "

"So you must become stronger as soon as possible. Only by doing so can you defeat the High Priest, otherwise the Dragon Devil Princess will suffer a lot."

The most important person to the High Priest was the Dragon Demon Grandmother. After he captured Long Qiumu and brought him back, if he couldn’t find the Dragon Demon Grandmother, he wouldn’t let her go easily. At the same time, he wouldn’t kill Long Qiumu because the key to finding the Dragon Demon Grandmother was Long Qiumu.

"Alright, when my injuries recover, I’ll start cultivating!" When Chen Xiang came to the Flying Dragon Experience Place, he did not cultivate properly since he had encountered so many things.

"That’s right. When facing a powerful fellow like the High Priest, you can only negotiate with him by relying on your own strength. Otherwise, you’ll just be walking into a trap looking for him." The Flying Dragon Palace Leader encouraged him.

Chen Xiang’s life force meridian started to release an endless amount of power to repair his injured body!

The current Chen Xiang still had to overcome the pressure here, but the pressure of the Fourth Flying Dragon Experience Place was too strong, with his current strength, he was unable to stand up.

... ....

After a month, Chen Xiang’s injuries had already completely recovered. He laid on the ground, channeled his energy to absorb the energy here, and at the same time, used the Heavenly Alchemy to refine the energy he absorbed from the Divine Sense Sea!

The energy of the Flying Dragon Experience Place could help people cultivate the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body, it could also help the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body become stronger, allowing the Six souls to become stronger. This way, it could constantly increase its strength.

And now, Chen Xiang was treating the Divine Sense Sea as a pill furnace, refining this kind of energy that was absorbed by him.

Because of his special body, he was able to quickly absorb the energy!

He gathered the large amount of energy he absorbed and used the Heavenly Alchemy to refine it. He gathered this energy to form a huge ball of energy and then divided the ball of energy into eight balls to further refine them using the Crash method!

His Six souls was the six Heavenly beast s, and these six Heavenly beast were currently surrounding the place he was refining his energy.

When he was about to collide with it, the outburst of extremely strong energy would automatically be absorbed by his Six souls. One must know that the outburst of energy was even more intense than the outburst of the Six souls.

After the collision, the power of the Myriad Tao had become stronger, he channeled this power into his body, tempering his body, allowing his own Myriad Tao’s Golden Body to become stronger.

In this way, he would be able to cultivate the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body while cultivating the Six souls!

After the Crash method, the power of the Myriad Tao has increased by a lot. I am only going to use the first Crash, so I have to increase the next level of the Crash.

In order to become stronger quickly, Chen Xiang did not care about the risks that this method brought, because refining such a strong power of the Myriad Tao was extremely dangerous. If he lost control, it would cause great damage to his Divine Sense Sea World.

Not long after, Chen Xiang once again gathered a large amount of Myriad Tao energy and condensed it into a huge ball of light just like last time.

Every time they collided, the resulting shockwave would always be the most violent of Myriad Tao’s powers. Chen Xiang was initially worried that the Six souls would not be used to absorbing his own energy, but what surprised him was that after absorbing the Six souls, it would become even stronger and more powerful.