Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang could only execute three Crash s right now, if he continued, his Divine Sense Sea World would not be able to take it anymore. Refining the power of the Myriad Tao once, would take more than a month, and he would only be able to increase a little at a time...

He was now at the middle stage of the Tai Zun realm. It would only take him a day or two to break through, and many people who used thousands or even tens of thousands of years to break through might not be able to do so.

Chen Xiang was aware of this point, he also knew that if he continued to force himself to quickly break through, it would cause great harm to himself.

Right now, Chen Xiang could only maintain his calmness and patience, allowing himself to steadily improve!

In the blink of an eye, two years had passed. At this moment, he was already able to stand up and barely walk slowly.

It took him two years to step into the Late period of Tai Zun realm. To be able to stand up with such a cultivation, that was pretty good.

Flying Dragon Palace Leader had already said that many of the Late period of Tai Zun realm s could not even stand up, and could only barely run in the early stages of the Venerable ancestor realm. Only people like the High Priest who were at the peak of the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage could fly.

Even though Long Qiumu was a Venerable ancestor realm, she was only around at the early to middle stages. The peak of the late stage was the strongest, so she was basically unable to defeat the High Priest.

"Only by becoming your respected ancestor can I barely resist the High Priest. I don’t even know where he took Long Qiumu to." Chen Xiang looked at the blue sky and clenched his fists.

Running in this place was extremely difficult, but it was also a way of cultivation, as it could make his Myriad Tao’s Golden Body even stronger.

Chen Xiang kept on running, and when he was tired, he would lie down and absorb the endless energy of the Myriad Tao. After he recovered, he would stand up and continue running, and run for a year continuously.

He already possessed the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body, and it was a very powerful and mature Golden Body, so stepping into the Venerable ancestor realm required him to cultivate the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body.

So if he wanted to break through and become a revered ancestor, he only needed to strengthen his Six souls!

His Six souls was one of the six Heavenly beast, and it still looked rather ’small’. If he were to step into the Venerable ancestor realm, the six Heavenly beast would become even stronger.

"You should be able to try the Myriad Tao technique now!" Flying Dragon Palace Leader suddenly said: "If I can help you step into the Venerable ancestor realm, then you will be a brand-new beginning in the Venerable ancestor realm."

"What will happen after I cultivate the Myriad Tao Divine Arts?" Chen Xiang asked: "I thought the Myriad Tao Divine Arts was only an auxiliary type of cultivation technique, a technique that uses dao energy."

"Of course not, the Myriad Tao Divine Arts are a fusion of the Four Great Divine Arts. Although the Four Great Divine Arts are all support, the Myriad Tao Divine Arts after being merged isn’t so simple. If you were to cultivate it, you will definitely feel the benefits of the Myriad Tao Divine Arts! "Of course, you’ll have to figure out how to train by yourself. In short, you won’t be disappointed."

"Everyone has their own differences in cultivation of the Myriad Tao Divine Arts, they have comprehended what is most suitable for them, it can be said to be a very spiritual cultivation technique."

The Flying Dragon Palace Leader paused to let Chen Xiang understand what he had just said, before continuing, "I have yet to start cultivating, but I have already tried to understand the Myriad Tao’s divine arts. If there is anything you do not understand, you can ask me.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang closed his eyes and started to understand the short yet very obscure chants of the Myriad Tao Divine Arts.

These incantations were extremely hard for Chen Xiang to comprehend, and he himself had to chew it many times before finally understanding it a little.

Although he had already obtained the Myriad Tao Divine Arts, it would not be easy for him to understand and cultivate them.

Chen Xiang used two whole years just to understand this Myriad Tao Divine Technique, but he didn’t feel like time was passing by!

After comprehending quite a few of the Myriad Tao Divine Arts, he was shocked to discover that the Myriad Tao Divine Arts actually also contained a supreme technique like the usage of space and time!

He was already able to use space, and thought that his control of space was extraordinary. However, after understanding the Myriad Tao Divine Arts, he realized that his control of space was only superficial.

The use of spatial energy within the Myriad Tao Divine Arts had already reached its ultimate form. Even in many places where spatial energy was restricted, spatial energy could still be used smoothly.

For example, in this Flying Dragon Experience Place, there were many barriers and formations restricting the power of space.

The mantra contained in the Myriad Tao Divine Arts also taught people how to use the power of space in a limited place.

What followed was the control of time!

The most important thing for the God Murdering Sword Techniques was the control of the power of time. Chen Xiang had also previously comprehended the ’essence’ of the God Murdering Sword Techniques, which was to make his own time different from others’. This way, others’ movements would be slowed down for a period of time while he himself would have to speed up.

Taking advantage of this time difference to attack or dodge would make others feel that it was inconceivable.

In the Myriad Tao Divine Arts, the use of time energy was the God Murdering Sword Techniques, while space energy was the Six Realms magic kungfu!

Of course, this was only the main point. Besides explaining how to use time, God Murdering Sword Techniques also had the ability to use fear and death. For example, when the God-killing sword was released, it would cause people to feel fear.

Furthermore, other than the Six Realms mirrors’s ability to use space, it also had the power of life. This was a very profound realm, Chen Xiang was unable to understand it, but he felt that he could still use the power of life to do so.

As for the Heavenly Alchemy, that was the easiest for Chen Xiang. He himself had a very deep understanding of the Heavenly Alchemy, and the main purpose of the Heavenly Alchemy was to teach others how to use various types of energy to resolve the costs of everything in the Myriad Tao.

Finally, it was this part of the Heavenly spirit kunfu, which allowed one to cultivate a body as strong as the heavens themselves. This was also a very profound aspect that Chen Xiang was unable to understand.

The Myriad Tao Divine Arts included the Four Great Godly Arts. Although Chen Xiang had all four of them, there was no key part of them, and that was the part that combined the Four Great Godly Techniques, and that was the Myriad Tao Divine Arts! VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Now that he had obtained the Myriad Tao Divine Technique, as long as he could comprehend the essence of the Myriad Tao Divine Technique, he could use the power controlling techniques from the Four Great Divine Arts with ease.

If it was before, he would need to learn all four techniques at the same time, which was extremely difficult, not to mention being easily distracted, it would also be extremely difficult to learn.

As for learning the Myriad Tao Divine Arts, it would suffice as long as one practiced a cultivation technique. After learning the essence, he would be able to master the other four techniques immediately.

This was all discussed out by Chen Xiang and the Flying Dragon Palace Leader during the past year.

"I understand a lot now, so I can try to cultivate it now!" Chen Xiang closed his eyes and started to absorb the Myriad Tao’s power.

...