Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang followed the method of using the Myriad Tao Divine Arts to absorb the energy of heaven and earth, and watched as the energy of the surrounding Myriad Tao suddenly condensed into water droplets, and entered his body. Access:.

To be able to directly condense the formless energy of the Myriad Tao into liquid state, even Chen Xiang himself was shocked.

The Myriad Tao’s power entered his body, and continuously collided fiercely within his Divine Sense Sea World. After the collision, it merged together, then separated, and then continuously collided ...

At this time, his Divine Sense Sea World was in a state of constant rumbling. The power of his Myriad Tao had already been condensed into a rock, upon colliding with it, it released a deafening explosion of light.

It looked like this was his Crash method, but he did not have the ability to use it. It was just that when he was channeling the Myriad Tao Divine Arts, he wanted to increase the power of the Myriad Tao that entered his body, so he suddenly comprehended this technique.

As they continuously collided, waves of powerful Myriad Tao energy were created and absorbed by the six Heavenly beast in the Divine Sense Sea World.

Just like that, he continued to circulate the Myriad Tao’s divine arts. The power of the Myriad Tao flowed into his Divine Sense Sea like a great river, and then continued to collide with each other, creating extremely powerful waves of air.

This wave of energy surged into his Divine Sense Sea, permeating every part of his body, and then rushed through his entire body.

At this moment, both his’ flesh ’and the Divine Sense Sea were improving at an extremely fast rate! ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

At this moment, Chen Xiang was enjoying this cultivation state very much, because he could feel himself becoming stronger at every moment.

In just half a year, he could cultivate under this state. With just a thought, he could enter this state immediately!

Right now, he already had other thoughts to understand the usage of the spatial energy inside. The flying platform was greatly restricted, preventing him from using the spatial energy, making him feel that it was not safe. Therefore, he needed to grasp the method to use the spatial energy in this limited situation.

This way, the next time he entered the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, he would not have to worry about not being able to use the power of space and becoming afraid of those strong warriors.

In the blink of an eye, five years had passed. The six Heavenly beast inside Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea were already extremely strong, filled with an extremely strong power, and they all started to cheer within his Divine Sense Sea in a lifelike manner.

Along with the simultaneous roar of the six Heavenly beast s, an intense light flashed out from his huge body. Chen Xiang smoothly stepped into the Venerable ancestor realm, his tightly clenched fists were trembling, the moment he broke through, a berserk power continuously surged out!

"Ahh ..."

Chen Xiang roared out, the imposing aura he gave off was so mighty that even the Flying Dragon Palace Leader inside the Six Realms mirrors could feel it.

"I’ve broken through!" Chen Xiang looked at the Six souls inside the Divine Sense Sea World, it was flickering with light, emitting a powerful aura.

Chen Xiang stood up and then flew into the air. At this time, he could already fly freely.

After breaking through, the first thing he would do was to save Long Qiumu.

He took out the Rat emporer beads s.

"What happened to the rats inside?" Chen Xiang had been cultivating for the past few years and hadn’t seen this Rat emporer beads much. After taking it out, he released a mouse.

The rat was still as big as before, but its strength had increased by a lot. It was a Late period of Tai Zun realm!

Other than this, the most inconceivable thing was that the rat had become a human!

Following his will, this person could also turn back into a mouse.

"This... What exactly is going on!? " Chen Xiang was surprised, and immediately turned to look at Flying Dragon Palace Leader.

"It should be a good thing that he integrated the characteristics of the Demonic Dragon Transformation to become a human. After this kind of mouse becomes a human, it will be much easier to accomplish." Flying Dragon Palace Leader laughed: "Can you control their appearances?"

"I’ll try!" Chen Xiang’s mind moved, the muscles and Bones on Mouse Man’s face suddenly moved, and instantly changed his appearance.

It was just that Mouse Man’s expression was very blank, and he looked very stiff.

But following Chen Xiang’s intentions, Mouse Man’s face also had an expression, a smile, and he could even speak. Everything he said was in Chen Xiang’s heart.

"This is equivalent to my external body. Furthermore, I am extremely powerful. It doesn’t matter even if I die." Chen Xiang patted Mouse Man’s body, and nodded in satisfaction.

Following that, he released many more of these Mouse Man s. There were about a hundred of them, making them line up and control them at the same time.

Chen Xiang wanted to familiarize himself with how to control so many familiar faces to do things for him. After that, the number of people he knew increased and finally reached 5,000!

As a result, he had the Mouse Man Army of Late period of Tai Zun realm, and was very powerful. He could even turn into a mouse.

"Great!" After Chen Xiang mastered it, he placed the Heaven devouring rat inside the Dragon Beast.

The reason why he took out the Rat emporer beads was to sense Long Qiumu’s location. He felt that it would not be difficult for him to sense it, since it was already sensed by the High Priest when he was still a grandmother of the Dragon clan.

"Not in the Flying Dragon Experience Place?" Chen Xiang quickly sensed that the place was very far from here and it was not within the Flying Dragon Experience Place.

"Could it be in the Dragon Devil Dead Land?"

Although he did not know exactly where Long Qiumu was, he was certain that Long Qiumu was not dead, which made him feel a lot more at ease.

Although he had used several years of time to raise his strength, he was still very fast, reaching the Venerable ancestor realm from the middle stage of the Tai Zun realm.

"I’ll leave the Flying Dragon Experience Place first. I can already use my space here, so it’ll be easier next time." Chen Xiang tried and was successful in teleporting.

This was what he had learnt from the Myriad Tao Divine Arts.

After teleporting a few times, he suddenly felt more than ten auras approaching him. They were all Demonic Dragons.

Previously, when he had broken through, he had caused quite a big commotion, so it wasn’t strange that he had attracted people over.

"Has the High Priest been sending people to find me here all these years?" Chen Xiang immediately turned invisible and quietly walked towards them.

"Those who are able to move freely here should be your ancestors. These ancestors should be quite precious to the High Priest." When Chen Xiang got closer, he saw that all the Dragon Demons were middle-aged in appearance, all of them were in the early stages of the Ancestor Realm.

The early stage of revered ancestor was still very difficult for Chen Xiang to deal with five years ago, but now he was not afraid at all.

"I should be able to find something from these guys’ memories." Chen Xiang planned to capture two of them alive and use the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell on them.

These more than a dozen Dragon Demons were originally flying in the air, but now they were all landing on the ground.

"This power is very strong! It should be left behind by that comrade Long Qiumu. I never thought that he would actually break through here after a few years. " A middle-aged man looked at the place where Chen Xiang was sitting and sneered: "He is nearby. As long as we capture him back, the High Priest can help us advance to the middle stage of our Ancestor."

...