Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The High Priest had gained the ability to raise the power of the Dragon Demons. Chen Xiang finally understood why there were so many powerful Dragon Demons working for the High Priest.

It wasn’t easy for the Dragon Demons to become strong, especially the weaker ones. They had to rely on a lot of external help, and the High Priest had a way to help them improve, which made them very loyal to the High Priest.

"I must get rid of this High Priest. Sooner or later, he will lead many of these Dragon Demons to turn the world upside down." Chen Xiang could foresee that.

Chen Xiang was planning how to kill all of the Dragon Demons. This required a thorough plan of attack.

Looking at this group of Dragon Demons, he coldly laughed in his heart, "That High Priest really has a good plan. He used the powerful descendants of the Dragon Demon Great Leader as sacrifices, but didn’t use these ordinary Dragon Demons. Clearly, he is trying to weaken the power of the Dragon Demon Great Leader to increase his own strength."

The High Priest was definitely not someone who was easy to deal with.

Very quickly, Chen Xiang thought of an idea. He released over 10 Heaven devouring rat s, turned them into a human, and then rushed out, running in all directions.

Those Dragon Demons who were flying in the air were immediately astonished when they saw so many people appear, and they all looked pretty strong.

"Quickly chase!" A Dragon Demon shouted, "Chase them separately! We must capture them all!"

Chen Xiang did not think that things would turn out like this. As expected, these Dragon Demons split up to chase after Mouse Man.

Although it was just the strength of the Late period of Tai Zun realm, Chen Xiang was not worried at all. He knew that these Mouse Man would definitely be able to stall these Dragon Demons for a period of time.

When Chen Xiang saw that the Dragon Demons were scattered, he immediately ran towards one of them. He just wanted them to separate so that he could defeat them one by one.

Very quickly, he caught up to that Dragon Demon. As he was invisible, he was not discovered, and at that moment, that Dragon Demon was already attacking the Mouse Man from afar.

Just as the Dragon Demon had condensed a powerful black ball of light, Chen Xiang’s Berserker Sword suddenly appeared. With a flash, it shot towards the Dragon Demon’s body.

With a single slash, the Dragon Demon was sliced into eight pieces, cleanly and cleanly.

Chen Xiang immediately threw all of these pieces of meat into the Six Realms mirrors, and then took out the head and used Soul Absorbing Devil Spell on all of these heads!

Very quickly, he obtained a large amount of information from the Dragon Demon’s memories, and found out where Long Qiumu was.

"It is indeed in the Dragon Devil Dead Land, right in the middle of the abyss." Chen Xiang told Flying Dragon Palace Leader everything he knew, "The center of Dragon Devil Dead Land has already been occupied by the High Priest, that is his territory!"

Chen Xiang had been cultivating for the past few years, and many changes had occurred in the Flying Dragon Pagoda!

Long Qiumu’s father had already entered the Myriad Tao Mausoleum and could not come out. The other two great Dragon Demons had already been recruited by the High Priest, who was the strongest in his entire family.

After the Flying Dragon Palace Leader heard about this, he scolded, "That Dragon Demon Lord is such a coward. He didn’t even save his own daughter and hid inside the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. I actually gave myself to such a scumbag for nothing. This is such a great shame."

"Long Qiumu’s current situation isn’t too good. It’s said that the place where she is being held is called Heaven’s Punishment Hell. She would be tortured in any kind of way inside, so I have to hurry up and save her!"

He took out the Six Realms mirrors and entered the Six Realms Time and Space Door to see Long Qiumu’s Wheel of Destiny. He discovered that Long Qiumu’s Wheel of Destiny was extremely weak and seemed to be in extreme pain.

When Chen Xiang found out about Long Qiumu’s situation, he was even more anxious.

Clenching his fist, he immediately teleported to the other dragon demon and killed it in an instant.

The Dragon Demons that had come to search for him were quickly killed by him and thrown into the Rat emporer beads s to feed the rats.

"It seems like mice really like to eat this kind of dragon demon!" Chen Xiang laughed mischievously, and then left the Flying Dragon Experience Place!

... ....

Ten days later, he arrived at the Dragon Demon Imperial City in the Dragon Devil Dead Land. This was the most prosperous city in the Dragon Devil Dead Land, and it was home to many strong humans and dragon demons.

The so-called Dragon Demon Holy Land was the huge sky ditch right in the middle of it, and many powerful Dragon Demons were born there, so it was called the Dragon Demon Holy Land.

Now that Long Qiumu was inside, Chen Xiang had to take action quickly to save him from the torture.

He had entered the Six Realms Time and Space Door here, but was still unable to teleport there.

"Those fellows have never been to that sky ditch ... I have to sneak in myself. " When Chen Xiang flew above the sky of the Sky Cavern late at night, he was already invisible, so it was difficult for others to discover him.

As he neared the sky, he could feel the power of the barrier. If he were to touch it, it would definitely cause a great deal of commotion.

"What exactly is beneath this Sacred Land?" How did the Dragon come out of here? Wait until I save Long Qiumu, then we’ll go and investigate. " After Chen Xiang had cultivated the Myriad Tao Divine Arts, he had improved greatly in every aspect. His use of spatial energy, in particular, had reached an unprecedented level.

Even in a place like the Flying Dragon Experience Place where the spatial laws were restricted, he was still able to use the spatial laws.

Chen Xiang easily went through the barrier and used the White Tiger to jump instantly.

"These Dragon Demons have powerful array masters, and they also have a very profound understanding of the Space Laws. You have to be careful." He knew that Chen Xiang had grasped an extremely terrifying power of the spatial laws, but he was careful to not sail a ship for ten thousand years. He did not wish for Chen Xiang to be careless and cause grave harm to him. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

"Got it!" Chen Xiang had always gone deep into the largest lair of the Dragon Demons.

The High Priest would definitely be more vigilant after losing his Dragon Devil Grandmother. There would definitely be many powerful Dragon Demons by his side.

Since Chen Xiang could think of this, he would definitely not be careless.

Not long after, he entered the depths of the Dragon Demon Holy Land. Below him was actually an extremely large underground palace, which was heavily guarded!

Above the underground palace, there were more than ten early stage Venerable ancestor realm Dragon Demons patrolling. Not long after they passed by, another one came, and there were actually several such teams.

What surprised Chen Xiang was that there were not only the Dragon Demons, but humans as well.

The powerful human ancestor had been turned into a patrol by a dragon!

"It looks like there is something important underneath this Dragon Demon Holy Land. Otherwise, it wouldn’t be so strict." Chen Xiang arrived in front of the large entrance of the underground palace. Even though there were more than ten early stage Ancestor Dragon Demons standing there, they did not discover Chen Xiang.

The powerful invisibility that Chen Xiang used was something that these Dragon Demons had never heard of, let alone seen with their own eyes.

Chen Xiang, who was standing in front of the door, teleported in with a thought and entered the underground palace.

"Flying Dragon Imperial Palace?" After Chen Xiang entered, he stood inside a passage. On the side of the passage, there was a stone tablet with the words "Flying Dragon Imperial Palace" written on it.

This made him very puzzled!

...