Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Flying Dragon Imperial Palace didn’t sound like they had anything to do with the Dragon Demon, but the Dragon Demon treated this place as a holy land, and so many Dragon Demons were born from this place.

"What is the Flying Dragon Imperial Palace?" Chen Xiang anxiously asked Flying Dragon Palace Leader, Flying Dragon Palace Leader must definitely know something.

"Are you sure you didn’t see wrong? The words’ Flying Dragon Imperial Palace ’are written on the stone tablet? " Flying Dragon Palace Leader shouted in shock when he heard it.

"I’m not blind, I’m definitely not seeing things!" Chen Xiang said: "Hall Master Old Man, do you know about the matter of the Flying Dragon Imperial Palace? Quickly tell me, if you understand this place, then you can help me find Long Qiumu faster. "

Flying Dragon Palace Leader did not speak, only after Chen Xiang shouted a few times did he hear Flying Dragon Palace Leader sigh.

Chen Xiang knew that there must be some sort of story behind it. Since the Flying Dragon Palace Leader didn’t say anything, he had no choice but to continue forward and explore it himself.

Just after he walked a few steps, the Flying Dragon Palace Leader sighed and said, "Flying Dragon Imperial Palace was the first Flying Dragon Palace!"

"The earliest Flying Dragon Palace? Four Great Divine Sects seems to be here before your Flying Dragon Palace! " Chen Xiang said.

"Flying Dragon Imperial Palace was created immediately after Flying Dragon Pagoda was finished. Four Great Divine Sects only appeared after Myriad Tao’s Mysterious Technique was split, and Flying Dragon Imperial Palace came out much earlier than Four Great Divine Sects. I originally came from Flying Dragon Imperial Palace, so I created Flying Dragon Palace later on." The Flying Dragon Palace Leader asked, "I never thought that the Flying Dragon Imperial Palace would still be here, but why did it become like this?"

Chen Xiang could speculate that the Flying Dragon Imperial Palace had disappeared very early on. At that time, not even the Four Great Divine Sects appeared, and when the Flying Dragon Palace Leader came out of the Flying Dragon Imperial Palace, he possessed a strong power that allowed him to survive the battle with the Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable.

As for him, he had fought a great battle against the Dragon King’s Ancestor, and although he had received serious injuries, he had managed to survive. This was something that was rarely seen.

"Where do you think Long Qiumu would be?" Chen Xiang asked, he was extremely concerned about Long Qiumu.

"In the past, Flying Dragon Imperial Palace had a Heaven’s Punishment Hall. If it was still there, then Long Qiumu should have been locked inside." The Flying Dragon Palace Leader immediately led Chen Xiang through the complex and complicated path inside towards the Heaven’s Punishment Palace.

"There are all kinds of torture in the Heaven’s Punishment Palace. This kind of torture is not something normal people can endure, even if it’s Venerable Ancestor Later-stage s that enter, they would commit suicide. But Long Qiumu is still alive, so she should be able to withstand it." Flying Dragon Palace Leader said, "You should hurry up! The Heaven’s Punishment Great Formation in the Heaven’s Punishment Great Hall will stop for an hour every day. This half hour is the happiest time of the day for those who enter. "

Chen Xiang had already walked very fast and was using teleportation as well. Along the way, he hadn’t met anyone along the way. Although there were a lot of people patrolling outside of Flying Dragon Imperial Palace with the Dragon Demons, the interior was very empty.

"The High Priest must be here too." Chen Xiang had already arrived at the entrance of the Heaven’s Punishment Hall. There was a signboard at the entrance with a few words written on it.

"Flying Dragon Imperial Palace is the most ancient existence in this Flying Dragon Pagoda. When I was still very young, I didn’t know much about many things in the Flying Dragon Imperial Palace. The gigantic mountain that the Flying Dragon Imperial Palace is located on suddenly collapsed, and Flying Dragon Imperial Palace disappeared in one night."

"Fortunately, at that time, I already had a certain level of strength and I happened to be out, so I survived. After that, I created the Flying Dragon Palace."

This Flying Dragon Palace Leader actually didn’t know what she was doing, so Chen Xiang was very speechless.

"I couldn’t help it, back then this Flying Dragon Imperial Palace was already muddle-headed and didn’t fall, that was already many years ago. I almost forgot about the existence of the Flying Dragon Imperial Palace, I didn’t think that we would actually be in this kind of place." The Flying Dragon Palace Leader said.

Chen Xiang teleported into the Heaven’s Punishment Hall, just as he entered, a bone-piercing cold energy suddenly attacked him, instantly entering his body.

"Ah... What the hell is that thing!? " Chen Xiang’s entire body was in extreme pain, the cold force was like countless ice needles piercing into his body, the pain pierced into his bones and flesh, his internal organs, causing him to be in so much pain that he wished he was dead.

"The Heaven’s Punishment Great Array is currently in operation ... With how cold the air is, if I’m not wrong, it should be the Twin Heavenly Layers of Ice and Fire. The next thing to do is to heat up and think of a way to defend. "

Just as Flying Dragon Palace Leader finished speaking, Chen Xiang felt as if he was being burnt, the cold energy that had just entered his body suddenly became scorching hot, as though needles were stabbing into his body. It was the same pain as before, but also a different kind of pain.

Intense pain came, constantly changing, and in an instant, Chen Xiang had experienced all kinds of pain!

Just when he was extremely disgusted with this feeling and felt very conflicted, for some reason, the Myriad Tao Divine Technique suddenly started to circulate. This method of circulation was one of the parts that he had never been able to understand.

The Heavenly Body Section of the Myriad Tao Divine Arts was one of the hardest parts for him to comprehend, but he could now operate it smoothly.

After remembering that he had smoothly circulated his energy, the pain suddenly disappeared. He, who had been rolling on the ground in pain, was now able to stand up.

"Is everything alright?" Chen Xiang looked around, only to realize that he was in a completely dark space, unable to see anything.

He immediately took out the Six Realms mirrors and entered the Six Realms Time and Space Door. He couldn’t even come out from the Six Realms Time and Space Door before, but now that he and Long Qiumu were in the same dimension, he was sure that he could do it.

After finding Long Qiumu’s Wheel of Fate, Chen Xiang immediately teleported over.

Just as he went over, he heard Long Qiumu scream in pain. He grabbed Long Qiumu and used a method to make him lose consciousness, and then placed Long Qiumu in the You Yao Mountain Villa for their care.

Long Qiumu’s injuries were not light, she had been tortured to the point that she looked terrible. Fortunately, the Mei Jing Sisters had a strong regeneration ability which allowed her to recover quickly.

Chen Xiang did not leave the place. He found out that this place could help him cultivate the Myriad Tao’s Divine Arts.

At the moment, the Myriad Tao Divine Ability was circulating on its own, so he had to take advantage of this situation to comprehend the reason. This way, he would be able to understand it in the future.

After staying here for ten days, he finally understood what was going on and quickly left. After all, the High Priest was here.

Long Qiumu did not wake up. She had already been tortured for a few years, this sudden relaxation would cause her to fall into a long period of cultivation to recuperate. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

After Chen Xiang left the Dragon Demon Holy Land, he immediately went to look for Lin Jitian.

He had not seen Lin Jitian and the Great Clan Elder for a long time as well.

They were still hiding in the little bat’s cave. Chen Xiang’s sudden appearance here did not surprise them at all.

"You’re finally back. I’ve been waiting for you for a long time!" Lin Jitian was still worried about Chen Xiang. Previously, Chen Xiang had left a note saying that he was going to the Flying Dragon Experience Place, but he did not come back, causing them to be worried to death.

"I’m fine." Chen Xiang patted Lin Jitian’s shoulder, and laughed: "Uncle Lin, you are already an ancestor, hehe!"

Great Elder and Lin Jitian were both currently in the Venerable ancestor realm, but they were only in the early stages. Even though they did not know that Chen Xiang had already stepped into the Venerable ancestor realm, they did not dare to underestimate him.

...

...