Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang told them about him going to the Flying Dragon Experience Place in a simple manner, and then asked them about their situation over the past few years.

"Right now, even the Dragon Demons are wildly plundering Dao crystal s. I don’t know why, but ..." The Great Clan Elder replied, "Previously, the Dragon Lord had a conflict with two other Dragon Lord and have entered the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. He should be trying to avoid being hunted down."

"Then the Dragon Demon Sovereign also took a lot of Dao crystal. Does the Myriad Tao Mausoleum need a lot of Dao crystal?" Lin Jitian said.

The little bat was not here. Chen Xiang had not seen him for a long time, so at this time, Lin Jitian and the Great Clan Elder did not know much about the High Priest.

The High Priest had never shown his face and had always kept a low profile, secretly controlling the entire Demonic Dragon Corporation!

"The power structure of the Demonic Dragon is not that simple!" Chen Xiang said in a deep voice and then told them about the High Priest, surprising them greatly.

Especially when the High Priest was able to help the Dragon Demons level up their Venerable ancestor realm, it made their entire bodies tremble.

There were many things about the Dragon Demons that were extremely mysterious. For example, the amount of ancestors the Dragon Demons had, many humans did not know about them, but hearing Chen Xiang say this, the Dragon Demons had more ancestors than they could imagine.

"Then wouldn’t it be too late for us humans to make a comeback?" Lin Jitian sighed.

"That’s not right, what we need now is time. Sooner or later, the Dragon Demons will enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, the Myriad Tao Mausoleum must be hiding something to attract them." Chen Xiang said: "I’m not sure what is inside right now, but we need more Dao crystal!"

Right now, Chen Xiang felt that the billions of Dao crystal s left were too few. The High Priest must have sent so many powerful Dragon Demons to plunder the Dao crystal for the sake of entering the Myriad Tao Mausoleum as well. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Lin Jitian and the Great Clan Elder had also gotten a trillion Dao crystal in these few years. This could be considered to be pretty good.

Chen Xiang did not take their Dao crystal because it was very easy for him to earn Dao crystal.

"When are we supposed to enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum?" The Head Elder asked, "We definitely can’t let someone like the Dragon Demons get their hands on the good stuff inside."

"Of course!" Chen Xiang thought for a while, then said: "When our Dao crystal has enough, we will go in. Great Elder, I will give you some medicinal ingredients! Look and see if Master Wang and I can find a large group of Alchemist s to help refine it. If there are Alchemist s with Tai Zun realm s helping them, then I will help them raise it to the Venerable ancestor realm. "

Chen Xiang had a lot of medicinal ingredients in the past few years that were grown inside the Mei Jing Sisters. The medicinal ingredients refined into pills were extremely useful to many humans, allowing them to quickly break through, such as Huazun Dan s.

The Huazun Dan s were relatively easier to refine. The Master Wang and Great Clan Elder were definitely able to refine them, and Chen Xiang had the most number of medicinal ingredients to refine them.

When the Great Clan Elder took a look at those medicinal ingredients, he could not help but be shocked. He felt that if these medicinal ingredients were to be refined into pills, there would definitely be more than a trillion Dao crystal s.

"Alright!" The Great Elder nodded.

"Okay, I’ll go rest first." Chen Xiang entered a stone room and now that he had rescued Long Qiumu, he could finally heave a sigh of relief.

When he entered the You Yao Mountain Villa, he saw that Long Qiumu was lying on a couch. She was dressed in very little, and only simply encircled her waist and chest, revealing her slender waist that had a few muscles in it. Her slender thighs were stretched out perfectly, making her feel even more comfortable.

"Qiu Mu, are you feeling better?" When Chen Xiang saw the enjoyment of Long Qiumu’s sunbathing, his face was full of happiness. He knew that she did not leave any traces of shadow behind just because she stayed in the Heaven’s Punishment Palace for a few days.

"Alright, there shouldn’t be anything else." When Long Qiumu saw Chen Xiang, she smiled at him. Although she wore very little, she was not afraid of Chen Xiang looking at her with that fiery gaze.

"These past few years have been tough on you!" Chen Xiang said somewhat guiltily, he walked over and helped to comb Long Qiumu’s long hair.

"It’s nothing, it’s just an experiential learning for me. Anyway, it’s over now!" Long Qiumu laughed magnanimously. She was a very optimistic and straightforward woman to begin with, and it was already very good that she was still alive.

"You don’t have to be guilty. You were the one who saved me from the High Priest. If you hadn’t intervened at that time, I would have died a long time ago." Long Qiumu patted the back of Chen Xiang’s hand and laughed: "Isn’t it good now? The High Priest did not get his Dragon Grandmother, nor did he catch you, and you saved me. "

Chen Xiang looked at Mei Jing Sisters who was busy doing his work, and laughed: "Witch, do not bully these two sisters!"

"How dare I bully your woman? They are even so considerate to take care of me, I thank them all too late! " Long Qiumu laughed tenderly: "I didn’t think that there would be two such good girls hidden in Divine Sense Sea World, and they are twin sisters."

"Don’t spout nonsense, they are just my friends ... But speaking of my woman, hehe, that’s a lot. " Chen Xiang laughed sinisterly.

He also sat on a stone stool and took out some delicious food. He felt that Long Qiumu, the female dragon demon, must have never eaten anything good before.

Sure enough, after Long Qiumu ate a little, he started to exclaim in admiration. Although it was just a normal fruit, the taste was extremely good.

"Where are your women? Flying Dragon Pagoda is in a very bad situation right now, it’s not safe if you don’t put them inside. " Long Qiumu said. She understood human men very well, strong human men, there were definitely many women around them, and it was the same for them, the Dragon Demons.

"They’re all in other worlds, and the situation there isn’t too good either. The reason I’m getting stronger is so that I can return early." Chen Xiang sighed, the only way for him to stabilize Natural Law World was to defeat him.

"What’s going on?" Although Long Qiumu knew that Chen Xiang was a genius Alchemist, he still did not understand him well enough.

"Do you know of the Natural Law Divine Lord in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum? This guy controls a lower world, and I came out of that world. " Chen Xiang said.

Long Qiumu immediately understood. She understood the Natural Law Divine Lord quite well, after all, he was quite famous in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, and was the number one Bone King among the Ten Great Bone Kings of White Bones Imperial.

"This fellow isn’t easy to deal with. He should be a Zongshi realm advanced stage cultivator!" Long Qiumu suddenly grabbed Chen Xiang’s hand, as she checked his current strength.

Just as she was investigating, she frowned. "Why are you ... "How is he so strong?"

Chen Xiang pinched her jade hand and laughed: "Isn’t it all because I went to rescue you? I trained with my life on the line."

"He must be cultivating the Myriad Tao Divine Technique!" Long Qiumu could immediately guess.

Chen Xiang nodded his head, "Qiu Mu, do you really not know why the High Priest is gathering all these Dao crystal? Your father has already entered the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, and I heard that he has brought a large group of Dao crystal with him. "

"I wasn’t sure about that before, but when I was captured by the High Priest, he came to see me once and told me the specific uses of the Dao crystal." Long Qiumu said.

...

...