Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was the most curious about this matter, but to think that Long Qiumu would actually tell the truth.

"What is it for?"

"There are many mysterious Transmission array s left in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. As long as we open these Transmission array, we can teleport to some places. I heard that there are many treasures left behind from the Myriad Tao Mausoleum’s construction in those places." Long Qiumu said: "The reason the Myriad Tao Mausoleum was created was to hide some things and it requires one to open those Transmission array s."

"What is it? Did your father tell you? " Chen Xiang asked again, for the Myriad Tao Mausoleum to actually have so many treasury, if it’s true, then the things inside must be extraordinary.

"My father doesn’t know either, but he only found out about this recently. It’s said that many experts from the Divine Ghost Imperial Country, Flying Dragon Ghost Realm and White Bones Imperial have already found those Transmission array, and need a large number of Dao crystal to activate it. As for how many Dao crystal are needed, no one knows." Long Qiumu said: "If you want to go in and try, then you must stock up enough Dao crystal."

The Dao crystal was actually the key to opening the Transmission array, Chen Xiang actually wanted to go over to take a look. He had quite a few Dao crystal, but he felt that it was still not enough.

Right now, he had already told the Great Clan Elder and Master Wang to refine Huazun Dan. If they sold it, he would very quickly be able to obtain a sum of Dao crystal.

"Mn, I’ll earn the Dao crystal first during this period of time. I must go in and take a look." If Chen Xiang were to enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum again, he would not end up in such a sorry state.

Right now, he was at the early stage of the Venerable ancestor realm, and was also able to use the power of space at a high level, even in Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

"What about you? What’s your next plan? " Chen Xiang looked at Long Qiumu’s long hair and asked.

"I don’t have any plans, I’ll just stay here!" My Pearl of Life is no longer in the hands of the High Priest. No matter what he does, he won’t be able to find me. " Long Qiumu lied on the couch, looking around at the calm and beautiful scenery, not willing to leave.

"Up to you!" This place is huge, even if ten of you were here, I would still be able to accept you. " Chen Xiang laughed: "I’ll be going out first. I still have to refine pills to earn Dao crystal s."

"Alright, I’ll help the two girls grow the medicinal plants. It looks like it’s quite fun." When Long Qiumu stood up, the cloth in front of her chest accidentally fell down, but luckily she anxiously turned around and was not seen by Chen Xiang.

Instead, it was her beautiful jade back that was completely revealed in front of Chen Xiang.

"Cluck, cluck ..." Long Qiumu took out a robe and wrapped it around her body. She turned her head and saw the expression on Chen Xiang’s face and couldn’t help but laugh.

"You female dragon, don’t tempt me. It’s very easy for me to control myself." Chen Xiang purposely revealed a lewd smile.

Long Qiumu stuck out his tongue at Chen Xiang, then walked towards the Mei Jing Sisters’s side.

Chen Xiang took a few ingredients needed to refine Huazun Dan and left his own Divine Sense Sea World.

Once he was outside, he took out the Tianchuang furnace and began to refine pills.

Huazun Dan were rather hard to refine in the first place, but now that Chen Xiang was using the Venerable ancestor realm and he had the Tianchuang furnace, refining them would be even easier.

In order to speed up the process of refining, Chen Xiang stuffed a large amount of medicinal ingredients into the furnace, refining around ten to twenty pills in one go.

One had to know that this kind of Huazun Dan only needed one pellet to allow Six Gods Stage to step into the Tai Zun realm, and he could refine twenty pellets a day. This was equivalent to allowing twenty Six Gods Stage to break through.

"I wonder how Master Wang and Great Clan Elder are doing in the process of refining?" Chen Xiang spent ten days to refine two hundred pellets, and then left his stone room.

At this time, only Lin Jitian was the most relaxed as he sat in the hall in a daze. He went out every day to learn more about recent events, so as to be able to understand the movements of the Draconians.

Just as Chen Xiang was about to speak with Lin Jitian, he suddenly sensed something in the hall. He raised his head and saw that the small bat was actually hanging upside down on the hall like a bat. Although he was called a small bat, he was not a bat.

"Little Bat, you’re finally back. Where have you been all this time?" Chen Xiang asked.

The little bat did not answer. He just hung on top of it with his eyes closed.

Lin Jitian shook his head and said: "The little bat is in closed door cultivation, he said that he is preparing to step into the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage." Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

"Ancestor? Late stage?" Chen Xiang was shocked that the little bat had actually reached such a realm.

Lin Jitian nodded his head: "I don’t know where he went, to be able to make my cultivation progress by leaps and bounds, and not even asking him about it, but he said that his cultivation method is different from mine, and telling me is useless."

"Uncle Lin, the Great Elder and Master Wang haven’t come out yet?" Chen Xiang asked as he took out a jade box. Inside the box were Huazun Dan s.

"They asked me to investigate about the Huazun Dan three days ago and even gave me ten of them to sell." Lin Jitian said: "One pellet for 20 billion, I sold them all. Now, I have two hundred billion Dao crystal, I earn this very quickly."

Twenty billion Dao crystal s for one pellet, made Chen Xiang frown. Lin Jitian sold it very quickly, which meant that many people were getting richer and richer.

"Who bought your Dao crystal?" Chen Xiang asked, he was worried that the Huazun Dan would not sell out because it was too expensive.

"They are all ordinary people! I don’t know what’s the reason for this Flying Dragon Experience Place, but the floors down there contain more and more Dao crystal, and as long as they are willing to suffer a little, creating several billion Dao crystal s won’t be a problem! Lin Jitian laughed: "But with the increasing number of Dao crystal, the current items are more and more expensive.

The Flying Dragon Pagoda had so many Dao crystal in these past few years, so Chen Xiang did not know what this meant.

"Uncle Lin, help me sell these. If you sell one, I’ll give you one billion Dao crystal. How about it?" Chen Xiang handed over a jade box to Lin Jitian. Inside it was 20 billion Dao crystal.

"What did you say? If you still think that I am Uncle Lin, then don’t give me the Dao crystal. Even if I wanted to come, it would be useless. " The reason Lin Jitian was able to become your ancestor at this time was all thanks to Chen Xiang.

"This... "Alright then!" Chen Xiang did not reject Lin Jitian’s good intentions. Someone like Lin Jitian, he definitely would not take his Dao crystal.

Lin Jitian knew that there were Huazun Dan s in the jade box, but he never thought that there would be that many. One was 20 billion, but there were 200 pills inside, so the selling price was 4 trillion!

"Alright, I’ll go and sell it now." Lin Jitian was also very excited. When he thought about how he could make such a big deal, he felt that he was really looking forward to it.

...

...