Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Just as Lin Jitian left the cave, the little bat above suddenly dropped down, causing Chen Xiang to scream out in fear.

"Little bat ..." Chen Xiang saw the little bat slowly climb up, its eyes releasing a strange green light.

"Old Lin left?" the little bat asked.

"He left. What happened to you?" Chen Xiang was quite curious about the little bat’s movements in recent years, giving people a mysterious feeling.

"I have something to tell you." The little bat said, "This matter is very secretive, and no one else is to know about it."

Chen Xiang felt it was strange, and said: "Do you not trust Old Lin?"

The little bat said, "It’s not that I can’t trust him. I’m worried that I’ll harm him, so I can’t tell him."

"Alright, let’s talk somewhere else then." Chen Xiang brought Little Bat into his stone room and closed the stone door.

After the little bat entered, it said, "I am now late stage Ancestor, but Old Lin does not know that I did not intentionally lie to him."

"What? You’ve already revered late stage Ancestor?" So fast! " Chen Xiang exclaimed: "How did you manage to level up?"

"It sounds rather tortuous ... In short, it was a fortuitous encounter I had in the Dragon Devil Dead Land. Weren’t I always probing the Dragon Devil Dead Land before this? Afterwards, I stumbled into a mysterious place in the Dragon Devil Dead Land and was trapped inside for a long time. It was during that time that I made the leap forward. " The little bat said.

There was a Flying Dragon Imperial Palace at the bottom of the Sacred Ground in the middle of Dragon Devil Dead Land, so Chen Xiang was not surprised by Little Bat’s words.

"I also went to a mysterious place in the Dragon Devil Dead Land called Flying Dragon Imperial Palace. Did you enter this place?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No, I’ve never been to the Flying Dragon Imperial Palace, but I know it’s there." The little bat said: "The place I am going is the place where World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor went into seclusion, it is very close to Flying Dragon Imperial Palace!"

"World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor?" When Chen Xiang heard this name, he knew that this guy was truly impressive.

"Generally speaking, late stage Ancestor is already at the pinnacle. To reach this realm, one can only obtain greater power by increasing the Dao Meridian, strengthening the physical body, or through other means! To the extremely large number of people, this is the peak of the realm, but there are very few who can break through, and that is the world of pride, and World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor is someone who can step into the world of arrogance. "

Chen Xiang had previously heard from the Flying Dragon Palace Leader that the Venerable ancestor realm was the end and that there was no more realm above it. However, during the time of the Venerable ancestor realm, one could still use various methods to bring their strength to the limit.

There were also a few Venerable Ancestor Later-stage s, and although the Flying Dragon Palace Leader was also a Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, he was exceptionally strong because he had stayed in the Flying Dragon Experience Place for a very long time.

But now, the little bat had told Chen Xiang that there was still an existence of the arrogant realm!

"You want me to go take a look at the Dragon’s Ancestral Space, right?" Chen Xiang said.

"Yes, but it’s a bit dangerous because when I go there, the space is very unstable." The little bat said, "I hope that you can go. Perhaps it will be of some help to you, because there are so many profound things in there that I don’t understand! If you figure it out, you might be able to break through the bottleneck known as the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage in the future.

Chen Xiang also wanted to know the secret of the World Defying Stage.

"Allegedly, the Flying Dragon Imperial Palace back then was created by the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor. Other than the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor, there was also another World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor! The World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor created the Myriad Tao Divine Technique to build the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, creating the entire world. All of the worlds were evolved out of the power of his Myriad Tao bit by bit, and took countless years to become like this. "

"These two are amazing guys, they should still be here! Furthermore, there should be more than just the two of them in World Defying Stage, there must be some of them, I just don’t know where they are at. " All of this was what he had learned in that space.

Afterwards, the little bat told Chen Xiang the location of the dimensional space in great detail.

After Chen Xiang remembered this, he immediately set off!

... ....

On the way, he told this matter to Flying Dragon Palace Leader, and when Flying Dragon Palace Leader heard about it, he was extremely shocked!

He had stayed in the late stage of the Ancestor Realm for many years, and had never known that there was actually a damned World Defying Stage above it!

"What kind of realm is that? Can we enter this realm? Just thinking about it makes me feel that it is hard to believe that a guy of that realm can create something like the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. If we can also step into that realm, then wouldn’t we be able to build a Myriad Tao Mausoleum as well? " Flying Dragon Palace Leader knew how terrifying Myriad Tao Mausoleum was, and the person who created the Myriad Tao Mausoleum’s and Myriad Tao’s divine arts was even more terrifying.

"I don’t know. If we could also enter the World Defying Stage, we would definitely be much weaker than those kind of Patriarchs." Chen Xiang said.

He quickly arrived at the Dragon Devil Dead Land and followed the little bat’s instructions to arrive at an ancient stone forest.

There were huge stone pillars here, and they were scattered everywhere. Many of them had been destroyed by people, resulting in the appearance of many scattered boulders.

The mysterious space that World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor had once resided in was here.

The little bat had made a mark on the stone pillars here. As long as one followed those marks, one would be able to find that space.

It took Chen Xiang more than two hours to follow the markings and finally reach his destination.

Here, there were many of these huge rocks that were left behind after the stone pillars were broken.

The little bat marked the stone, and there was a mysterious space inside. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Chen Xiang placed his hand on the huge boulder, and quickly felt the space inside. With a thought, he entered.

There was not even one book on the shelf, but there was a very thin and old one on the table.

"It’s different from what Little Bat said. He said that there’s only one piece of paper here, but when I came here, I actually saw a book. Could it be that someone had been here before?" Chen Xiang immediately became vigilant, and carefully observed the surroundings of the house.

After a moment, he was certain that there was no one else in the book. Only then did he relax a little and open the book.

After opening it, he found that it was filled with ancient words. Thankfully, he could understand them. Very soon, he was captivated by the contents of the letter and was extremely shocked!

There were many things that Little Bat had told him before, and some that Little Bat had not.

The little bat had previously said that he couldn’t understand too much, which was why he asked Chen Xiang to come over. As for Chen Xiang, he didn’t know why, but he could clearly see what was written on the book.

This was originally a person’s record of what happened, and it was also recorded when the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor was here.

"This room is the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor’s secret room. After the Flying Dragon Imperial Palace sank, this room left the Flying Dragon Imperial Palace, but it did not stay too far away from the Flying Dragon Imperial Palace."

Chen Xiang finally understood why this space would appear here. The book was written on it.