Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang also found the answer why the little bat was looking at things that were different from what he had seen. The things that the little bat and he were looking at on the table were the memories of the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor using a special method.

Different people had different memories of being able to see it.

Because Chen Xiang had cultivated the Myriad Tao Divine Arts, he was able to see even more things.

"World Defying dragon demon... This is a great enemy of the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor, and he’s actually sealed right in this Flying Dragon Pagoda. The World Defying dragon demon is unable to kill him, and even if the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor and the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor joined forces, they would still be unable to defeat him! "

Chen Xiang looked at the contents inside, and told Flying Dragon Palace Leader everything that he saw.

"Although it is impossible to kill the World Defying dragon demon, after they joined hands to seal the World Defying dragon demon here, a large amount of suppression was also placed on the World Defying dragon demon’s soul. This way, it would be difficult for the World Defying dragon demon to break the seal. However, World Defying dragon demon s are extremely powerful, and can even cause some activity from time to time. For example, he used his own blood to create a large number of Dragon Demons. "

"And the reason why these Dragon Demons were extremely evil in the beginning, was mainly because the blood in the World Defying dragon demon’s body carried an extremely evil power ... But in the end, as the World Defying dragon demon’s evil blood gradually weakened, the Dragon Demons created by his normal blood became similar to humans. "

This could explain why all the Dragon Demons that appeared in recent years were so special, and not as vicious as they were in the past.

"Why didn’t you seal this fellow inside the Myriad Tao Mausoleum?" Flying Dragon Palace Leader also understood a lot of things, but he was very confused about this.

"World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor said that the Myriad Tao Mausoleum was originally a place where many strong evil beings were locked up, it is a place with a dense amount of evil energy. If the World Defying dragon demon were to absorb a large amount of it, the World Defying dragon demon would become stronger, maybe the seal would be broken and the Myriad Tao Mausoleum would be destroyed."

Chen Xiang said: "And after sealing the World Defying dragon demon here, they would attract another group of humans here. Over time, the World Defying dragon demon’s evil blood would decrease by a lot, and after the World Defying dragon demon’s evil blood would decrease, the threat would decrease."

"Even though the World Defying dragon demon is sealed, he still wants to escape. That’s why he would occasionally sacrifice his blood to create a Dragon Demon, wanting the Dragon Demon to turn the entire Flying Dragon Pagoda into an environment favourable to him."

"However, World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor and World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor had long anticipated this, so they left a large amount of resources in the Flying Dragon Pagoda to attract a large number of humans. Humans can suppress the Dragon Demons created by the World Defying dragon demon through cultivation, and after a long time, they will weaken a lot of the World Defying dragon demon’s power."

"Their plan is very long. It took countless years for the evil blood of World Defying dragon demon to become extremely thin." Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Chen Xiang had indeed seen that many of the Dragon Demons were almost the same as humans, although there was blood from World Defying dragon demon s in their bodies.

"This World Defying dragon demon is inside the Flying Dragon Pagoda?" The Flying Dragon Palace Leader asked again.

"That’s right, he’s inside the Flying Dragon Imperial Palace, that’s why the Flying Dragon Imperial Palace sank so deep. That’s also because the sealed World Defying dragon demon’s soul woke up, and he used his powerful strength to hide himself deep inside the Flying Dragon Imperial Palace." Chen Xiang saw all of these from the things that the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor left him.

"It’s actually right under the Flying Dragon Imperial Palace!" When Flying Dragon Palace Leader thought back, he could not help but feel fear, he had actually lived in Flying Dragon Imperial Palace for a period of time, if that World Defying dragon demon suddenly broke the seal, they would all be dead.

"The World Defying dragon demon should be much weaker now ..." After Chen Xiang said this, his eyebrows suddenly tightened: "Damn it, the High Priest ... It is very likely that the High Priest was the one formed by the World Defying dragon demon using the last bit of its Evil Blood, so this bastard is very evil. "

Flying Dragon Palace Leader said with a solemn voice: "This is trouble. This guy can help the Dragon Demon become stronger, maybe it’s because of the World Defying dragon demon giving us pointers from behind! He is definitely helping the World Defying dragon demon do something. "

Chen Xiang immediately told this to Long Qiumu who was inside the You Yao Mountain Villa!

Although Long Qiumu had the Dragon Demon’s blood in her body, she was extremely kind. When she found out about this, she couldn’t believe it either!

"Myriad Tao Mausoleum!" Long Qiumu took a deep breath and said: "Based on what you know, the World Defying dragon demon needs a large amount of evil energy to recover, and only the Myriad Tao Mausoleum has enough power ..."

"But the World Defying dragon demon is already sealed here. How is he going to head to the Myriad Tao Mausoleum?" Chen Xiang said: "As long as they enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, they will not be able to come out, and will not be able to bring out the evil power ... ..."

As Chen Xiang said this, he suddenly came to a realization!

And there were also some humans from the Zhao Clan, as well as some humans who were trying to curry favor with the Dragon Demons!

If they were to bring some of the things that the Dragon Demons had created and enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum to gather their evil energy, after accumulating it for a period of time, they would be able to restore the World Defying dragon demon to its original state of extreme evil.

"Zhao Clan!" Chen Xiang clenched his teeth and said: "These fellows will definitely help the High Priest!"

For example, White Bones Imperial and Flying Dragon Ghost Realm. The relationship between these two powers is pretty good with the Dragon Demon, so the High Priest must have arranged for people to talk to them. " Long Qiumu said: "It seems it’s very difficult to stop them!"

"When the High Priest wanted to use me to feed the Dragon Demon Grandmother, he should have been reclaiming her energy. Because the World Defying dragon demon created us second generation Dragon Demons, but it was not evil enough, so he had to reclaim our energy. I finally understand now. "

The ultimate goal of the High Priest was to help the World Defying dragon demon come out!

"Chen Xiang, where are the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor and the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor? Are they dead? The World Defying dragon demon is about to run out! The Flying Dragon Palace Leader was unable to stop this kind of thing, he was still alive.

"I don’t know, but that didn’t say where they were going!" Chen Xiang sighed: "They mentioned that there are some things in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum that they want to pass on, which should be those mysterious formations that require a large number of Dao crystal to activate!"

"Could it be that we can only hide in Myriad Tao Mausoleum? If the World Defying dragon demon comes out, this Flying Dragon Pagoda will definitely be destroyed by it. This is something that has suppressed him for many years. " The Flying Dragon Palace Leader said.

"If he wants to come out, it will take a long time, and maybe World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor and World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor will come back later." Chen Xiang said.

"Then did you mention how one could step into the World Defying Stage?" Flying Dragon Palace Leader was very concerned about this, if he could step into World Defying Stage, he wouldn’t have to be so afraid of World Defying dragon demon.

"Yes, just cultivate the Myriad Tao Divine Technique." Chen Xiang said: "World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor cultivates the Myriad Tao Divine Arts himself! Although the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor is named Dragon Tribe, he was also born from the evolution of the Myriad Tao’s power, and was initially still the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor’s beast pet. "