Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Flying Dragon Palace Leader’s heart was currently filled with hatred! If he was not in such dire straits, maybe he would have already started cultivating the Myriad Tao Divine Arts and search for a way to break through to the World Defying Stage.

But right now, it was not easy for him to recover. First, it would take a lot of time.

"You said that the little bat can advance by leaps and bounds here ... Can you? " Flying Dragon Palace Leader suddenly asked: "Is there any method here that can help you increase your cultivation?"

Chen Xiang shook his head: "No, originally there was some residual powerful force that had already been absorbed by the little bat."

Although he did not have any gains in this area, Chen Xiang knew about the World Defying Stage and felt that it was just a big gain.

What worried him most was that the High Priest was causing trouble here.

"We have to be wary of the High Priest. He probably doesn’t know that I was the one who took away the Dragon Grandmother to save Long Qiumu." Chen Xiang had asked Long Qiumu, but he did not reveal his situation to the High Priest. At this time, many people did not know that he had returned from the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

Especially the people from the Zhao Clan, they had basically forgotten about the name Chen Xiang now. After all, ten thousand years had passed and Chen Xiang had never once appeared.

"Looks like I have to make a trip to the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. Inside the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, there are ways for me to buy more time." Chen Xiang had a good old acquaintance in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, and that was the Time Ghost.

The Time Ghost’s small room could change the flow of time. Chen Xiang felt that if he could give the Dao crystal s more, the Time Ghost might be able to change the flow of time even more. At that time, he would be able to buy more time.

Chen Xiang left this place and returned to find the little bat.

After going back, Little Bat hastily asked Chen Xiang. He too wanted to know how much Chen Xiang knew.

Chen Xiang told everything he knew to the little bat, satisfying the little bat’s curiosity. After hearing all this, the little bat was also worried, he already knew about the existence of the High Priest.

"It seems like I have to find out which human powers the High Priest is cooperating with. If I find out, we’ll kill these guys first." The little bat said.

"Alright, I’ll leave it all to you." Chen Xiang knew that the little bats were extremely good at this sort of thing. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

After the little bat left, Chen Xiang headed towards the Myriad Tao Mausoleum again!

Right now, it was even easier for him to go to the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. Although the door to the Myriad Tao Mausoleum was tightly shut, he could immediately teleport inside and arrive at the entrance to the stone room that the Time Ghost was in.

After entering, Time Ghost immediately greeted Chen Xiang while grinning. Chen Xiang was his very important guest!

"You’re here again, you’ve become even more powerful!" Time Ghost was already very familiar with Chen Xiang. Previously, when Chen Xiang was concocting pills here, he would make a lot of noise.

"Time Ghost, can you make the time range change a bit larger?" Chen Xiang replied, "Dao crystal is not a problem!"

"My greatest limit is to allow this place a year, a day outside ... But, there must be more Dao crystal. " The Time Ghost said.

"How much do you want?" Chen Xiang never thought that the Time Ghost was that powerful, the Time Laws here were extremely difficult to control, the fact that the Time Ghost could change the Time Laws so greatly, was truly surprising.

"Two hundred billion Dao crystal going once. If I use it once, I need to rest for a few days. If we can make you stay here for a day, it will be a year outside. " The Time Ghost said, "Even a hundred billion Dao crystal is not expensive, right?"

"Alright!" Chen Xiang didn’t think that it was expensive either. After all, time was very important now, he wanted to quickly gather more Dao crystal. Only by doing this would he be able to obtain more inheritance in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

The reason why Chen Xiang bought time was mainly to refine Huazun Dan.

There were a lot of people at the late stage of Six Gods Stage, so their strength could be considered not bad. They had enough strength to obtain a large amount of Dao crystal and could go to other floors to search for the Dao crystal’s mine.

Generally speaking, these late stage Six Gods Stage s could accumulate several tens of billions of Dao crystal by their side in just a few decades or a hundred years.

Adding on to the fact that there were more and more Dao crystal in the Flying Dragon Pagoda, this group of people became even richer.

Chen Xiang did not wish for all of their Dao crystal to be taken away by the High Priest.

Right now, Chen Xiang not only wanted to refine Huazun Dan, he also wanted to refine Jinzun Dan for Mei Jing Sisters to eat. Their bodies were still too weak, and they needed to eat more.

In addition, he still had to help the Flying Dragon Palace Leader reconstruct his body, and this would require a large amount of Jinzun Dan s. He planned to use more than ten years to complete all of these. Of course, here in the Time Ghost, it would only be equivalent to ten days outside.

Chen Xiang first refined two thousand Huazun Dan. If he sold them, it would be four trillion!

He then started to refine Jinzun Dan and let Flying Dragon Palace Leader eat them. He also hoped that Flying Dragon Palace Leader would become stronger and be a strong partner in the future.

Just like this, Chen Xiang stayed in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum for more than a month, and completed all of the things that he planned!

If not for the Time Ghost needing rest, he would have been faster!

Flying Dragon Palace Leader had already recovered his original Myriad Tao Gold Body, but he was still a bit short. He planned to go to Flying Dragon Experience Place to cultivate once he returned.

And what Chen Xiang did not expect was that the Jinzun Dan’s effects on the Evil Woman, Long Qiumu, were even better. Long Qiumu had already broken through to the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, and her body had become extremely strong!

Originally, she only had around the initial and middle stages of strength. However, eating those Jinzun Dan had allowed her strength to increase so quickly, causing Chen Xiang to suspect that it was caused by the Heaven devouring rat s that refined them.

After the Rat emporer beads fused with the Dragon Demon Grandmother, it had become a Dragon Demon Rat emporer beads. Long Qiumu, on the other hand, was a Dragon Demon, so the Jinzun Dan that was refined by the Dragon Demon Beast had a much better effect on her.

Chen Xiang left the Myriad Tao Mausoleum and returned to the Flying Dragon Pagoda, bringing him to the first Flying Dragon Experience Place.

The Flying Dragon Palace Leader had many Flying dragon bead, and he could directly head for the higher levels of the Flying Dragon Experience Place, so Chen Xiang didn’t need to take him there.

In order to facilitate communication with the Flying Dragon Palace Leader, Chen Xiang had used his spatial power to refine two Communication jade Symbol paper. If he needed to search for the Flying Dragon Palace Leader, he could directly contact him.

"In a month’s time, Uncle Lin should be able to sell all those Huazun Dan!" Chen Xiang had used two trillion of his Dao crystal s at the Time Ghost.

If Lin Jitian sold it all, then he would have four trillion, how could he not be nervous?

When he returned to the small bat mountain cave, he saw the Great Clan Elder and Master Wang sitting inside. When they saw that Chen Xiang had returned, they all stood up.

"You’re finally back, something happened to Old Lin." The Great Clan Elder hastily replied, "He was captured by the Zhao Clan."

When Chen Xiang heard this, he immediately clenched his fists so tightly that they creaked with sound, and then said in a deep voice: "Why did they want to take Uncle Lin away?"