Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"is jealous of the Huazun Dan that Old Lin is selling, but the relationship between Zhao Clan and the Dragon Demon is very good. <>

"You’re playing this trick again, Zhao Clan is really too shameless, I definitely won’t let them go, I had wanted to do something to them for a long time." Chen Xiang snorted: "I’ll go look for them now!"

Chen Xiang was not afraid of the Zhao Clan.

"Zhao Clan intends to host a large assembly to try the pill thief. It will begin in five days." The Master Wang said, "By doing this, they are obviously trying to lure us out."

Chen Xiang nodded her head: "Don’t be afraid of them, Zhao Clan and the rest should have already forgotten about me. When the time comes, I will change my appearance to another one and see what they have to say."

There were still a few more days before Chen Xiang headed towards the Flying Dragon Experience Place.

Flying Dragon Palace Leader was still here. Not long after he arrived, he received a message from Chen Xiang.

He was very ’excited’ about Chen Xiang. He would definitely help him with this kind of thing, so he immediately left Flying Dragon Experience Place to meet up with Chen Xiang.

Although the Zhao Clan was strong, they were definitely unable to defeat the Flying Dragon Palace Leader. Furthermore, Chen Xiang’s own strength was extremely terrifying, especially after cultivating the Myriad Tao Divine Arts!

His You Yao Mountain Villa also had a Dragon Devil Princess of the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage!

Although the little bat was not here, his relationship with Lin Jitian was already so close. Chen Xiang guessed that he had already gone to the Zhao Clan to save Lin Jitian.

A few days later, Great Zhao City!

Chen Xiang and the others gathered, and the little bat was indeed in the Great Zhao City. This was the territory of the Zhao Clan, and the entire city belonged to the Zhao Clan.

The little bat and Flying Dragon Palace Leader were both very strong. With the two of them, there was no need to be afraid of Zhao Clan’s Venerable Ancestor Later-stage.

"When the time comes, you guys can make your move based on the situation! Because at the moment, we still do not know how much power the Zhao Clan is hiding. " Chen Xiang said.

Zhao Clan has a total of two Venerable Ancestor Later-stage s, and 20 of them are in the early and middle stages of the Venerable ancestor realm. The little bat said, "But when the Trial starts, maybe some powerful Dragon Demons will come."

"That Huazun Dan is highly valued, this kind of pill can allow people in the later stages of Six Gods Stage to quickly become overlords, in a short period of time, it has already become a myth, some people can even earn a lot by buying and selling it." The little bat continued: "Old Lin is still not cautious enough, he was captured by Zhao Clan’s scumbag."

Chen Xiang never thought that the Huazun Dan would receive so much attention from the Zhao Clan and the Dragon Demons!

"They definitely know that Uncle Lin isn’t in charge of selling the Huazun Dan, but their goal is to uncover the identity of the person behind the pill refiner, and that is me." Chen Xiang said: "Looks like they really want the pill formulas."

Master Wang laughed coldly: "These bunch of bastards from the Zhao Clan, they might have the medicine for the Huazun Dan, but they don’t know how to refine it, so they used this kind of despicable method."

When Master Wang obtained the Huazun Dan’s medicine, he had tried for many years but to no avail. In the end, it was Chen Xiang who made it up and passed the method of refinement on to him, allowing him to succeed.

"Zhao Clan has always been like this." The Great Clan Elder sighed, "It is such a great shame to have been in Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect with them."

Tomorrow will be the day when the Trial is held in the middle of Great Zhao City, publicly judging Lin Jitian!

At the same time, they were very angry at Lin Jitian’s methods. A single Huazun Dan was actually only selling for twenty billion, if they were selling it for the Zhao Clan, they would sell it for at least two hundred billion!

Chen Xiang and the rest were in the hotel. On the morning of the next day, they would head to the plaza in the middle of the Great Zhao City. There were a lot of people there, as they came to watch the show.

The people here all felt pity for Lin Jitian, because Lin Jitian still had a lot of Huazun Dan, but he did not give them to the Zhao Clan.

When Chen Xiang arrived and saw Lin Jitian’s injured body, he was so angry that he almost couldn’t control himself!

Fortunately, even if the Great Clan Elder calmed him down, it was because Chen Xiang had come today to fix Zhao Clan up. Since the important figures of the Zhao Clan had yet to arrive, it would be hard for them to not alert him.

When most of the people had arrived, an old man from the Zhao Clan walked up onto the stage. This old man was at the early stage of the honorable ancestor, and was also the strongest out of the present Zhao Clan, the rest were at the middle and late stage of the Tai Zun realm.

The experts of the Zhao Clan’s Venerable Ancestor Later-stage did not move.

"Everyone should know about this pill thief by now!" It was him who stole the medicinal formulas of our Zhao Clan’s precious Huazun Dan. He has already sold a large number of medicinal materials and Huazun Dan at a low price. " The old man said: "This caused our Zhao Clan to suffer grievous losses. Today, we will publicly punish him so that those who have ulterior motives towards us, the Zhao Clan will be kept under wraps."

"Hmph, did you refine the Huazun Dan? "Bullshit!" Lin Jitian immediately scolded: "Why don’t you make a batch on the spot for everyone to see?"

Chen Xiang and the rest were also furious, the Zhao Clan was actually so shameless, turning white into black.

"The ingredients have all been stolen by you ..." It’s difficult to mature Huazun Dan’s medicinal ingredients, and we don’t have enough medicinal ingredients to refine it in a short period of time. " The old man from the Zhao Clan said calmly.

Chen Xiang took a few deep breaths to relax himself, and then shouted: "This one also knows how to refine Huazun Dan, I have the ingredients to refine Huazun Dan in my hands, this senior from Zhao Clan, can you refine a batch of Huazun Dan on the spot for everyone to see!"

When Lin Jitian heard this voice, he also felt very confused, because it was not Chen Xiang’s voice. He immediately looked at the crowd and quickly saw that the person who spoke just now, was a middle-aged man.

This middle-aged man was none other than Chen Xiang himself. At this moment, he was sending a sound transmission to Lin Jitian, "Uncle Lin, it’s me! We’re here to save you, you just have to be patient. "

"You guys hurry up and go! This is a trap, the Draconic Demons and Venerable Ancestor Later-stage experts of the Zhao Clan are all nearby. " Lin Jitian immediately tried to persuade them, he did not want to harm Chen Xiang and the others.

"Don’t worry, we also have a powerful Venerable Ancestor Later-stage on our side." said. Flying Dragon Palace Leader, Long Qiumu and the little bat were not weak. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

The Zhao Clan looked at Chen Xiang, he started to be cautious, he was worried that someone would suddenly rush in to save Lin Jitian.

Chen Xiang squeezed through the crowd and smiled: "Zhao Clan’s pill techniques are excellent. I have known of it for many years and coincidentally have some Huazun Dan medicine ingredients.

The old man from the Zhao Clan had expected all sorts of things to happen, but he never expected such a thing to happen.

Zhao Clan did not know how to refine Huazun Dan, but they did have the ingredients and pill formulas, they just did not know how to refine.