Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang saw that the Zhao Clan elder did not know what to say, and smiled: "Does your Zhao Clan not dare to accept my challenge?"

"Or ... Your Zhao Clan cannot refine Huazun Dan! " Chen Xiang looked at Lin Jitian, and said: "This big brother does not seem to be a pill thief, if he was able to steal Huazun Dan from your Zhao Clan, he definitely would not be weak, nor stupid, and definitely not be stupid enough to do something like sell Huazun Dan publicly, which would attract the eyes of others. <>

Chen Xiang saw that the old man still had yet to speak: "The Huazun Dan is not unique to your Zhao Clan, I can refine it just like that. On what basis are you saying that this big brother stole your pill formulas? Take out the evidence! "

Everyone started to discuss. The Huazun Dan could benefit many people, so its price was not too expensive. It was something that many late stage Six Gods Stage would accept.

Now that the Zhao Clan made such a move, it would be hard to sell this kind of pill in the future.

"Can you really refine Huazun Dan?" A golden-robed old man walked out and asked.

"That’s right. To tell you the truth, the Huazun Dan in this big brother’s hands was really refined by me." Chen Xiang said: "If you release him now and compensate some Dao crystal, this matter will be fine."

"Humph, your words have no basis. Why don’t you try refining it?" His strength was not weak, he was from the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage and his status was also very high. Chen Xiang did not know who he was.

"What about you? You guys, let me have a look as well! " Chen Xiang laughed: "I don’t think you guys know how to refine. You caught my friend and only want to lure me out!"

"Our Alchemist is in closed-door training. Otherwise, he would definitely let you experience the great pill techniques of our Zhao Clan." The golden-robed elder said: "Our Zhao Clan has indeed lost a batch of Huazun Dan’s ingredients. If you really can refine a batch of Huazun Dan, then we can prove that your friend is not a thief or thief. At that time, we will also compensate you."

Chen Xiang was of course clear of the old man’s motive. He wanted to confirm if he really could refine Huazun Dan s, and if he did, they would definitely make a move.

When Chen Xiang had just gone to the Heavenly Alchemy Divine Sect, he was also used by the Zhao Clan for this trick. He felt that it was extremely funny, the Zhao Clan had almost forgotten about him but he still remembered this move.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang took out his Tianchuang furnace.

The Tianchuang furnace had a huge change, the people of the Zhao Clan did not recognize them.

Chen Xiang took out the medicine needed to refine the Huazun Dan, which were the Twin Divine Fruits. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

When the golden-robed elderly man saw these Twin Divine Fruits, he immediately confirmed that they were the ingredients to refine Huazun Dan s. His heart was secretly excited, after many years of unsuccessful attempts, there was actually someone who was able to refine them now.

He had already decided that no matter what, he had to get his hands on this method of refining.

After Chen Xiang took out the pill furnace, he immediately began to refine it. While he was refining, he quietly placed the Supreme Blood Coconut inside, which was the key to refining the Huazun Dan.

Chen Xiang’s technique was extremely brilliant, the golden robed elder could not even see how had managed to put in the Supreme Blood Coconut. In his heart, he was also very curious as to how the person in front of him managed to refine a Huazun Dan.

Chen Xiang refined Huazun Dan very quickly, and it was just two pills per furnace, it took him four hours to finish refining it!

"How is it, I’ve already finished refining it. Can you release him now!" Chen Xiang said.

"Let me see, I don’t know if it’s true or not, and I have to get someone to test it on me." Although the golden-robed elder’s tone was extremely domineering, in his heart, he was filled with admiration for Chen Xiang, because he was unable to refine a Huazun Dan.

Afterwards, he called for a young man. This man was in the late stage of Six Gods Stage, he looked extremely arrogant, and when he came here, he even smiled disdainfully at Chen Xiang.

"If he can step into the Tai Zun realm after eating it, then it will prove that the Huazun Dan you refined is qualified." The golden-robed elder said.

After the man ate it, he sat down to cultivate. Not long after, he started to laugh maniacally because he had already stepped into the Tai Zun realm!

They had actually seen the Alchemist who refined the Huazun Dan. In their eyes, this was a supreme existence, especially for those in the later stages of the Six Gods Stage.

"We can release him now!" Chen Xiang said.

"No, our Zhao Clan’s medicine has indeed been stolen. You have only proven that you can refine Huazun Dan now, but not that you didn’t steal from our Zhao Clan’s Huazun Dan."

Chen Xiang smiled slightly: "Then, what do you think we should do?"

"Come back to Zhao Clan with us and help us investigate. We only need to go for a few days." The golden-robed elder said.

Chen Xiang looked at the man who had just eaten a Huazun Dan, and said: "He ate one of my Huazun Dan, according to the price I’m selling, you guys need to give us twenty billion!"

"You gave it to him voluntarily. What does that have to do with us? If you really want twenty billion Dao crystal, you can ask him for them yourself. The gold robed elder laughed, "Even though he is my son, I am not responsible for the Dao crystal that he owes me."

Hearing that, the man laughed out loud: "Do you really expect me to spit out what I’ve eaten? You gave it to me by an idiot, and you still want me to give it back to you? Just eat shit! "

"I don’t expect you to spit it out. I don’t want you to return it to me. I only want your life!" Saying that, Chen Xiang opened his five fingers, releasing a burst of Heavenly Alchemy immortal power. A huge golden claw print appeared, grabbing towards the man.

Swish!

The man was grabbed by the upper half of his body. When the five golden claw images flashed by, they were like five sharp blades that cut the man into several pieces.

All of this happened very suddenly, and its speed was also unbelievably fast. Although the old man in gold was from Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, and was right beside the man, but all of this happened too fast, and he could not stop it at all!

"Only the dead have no need to pay back the debts they owe!" After Chen Xiang killed the golden-robed elder’s son, he spoke in a calm and composed manner.

At the same time, everyone realized that Lin Jitian, who was tied to the stage just a moment ago, had disappeared! There were also a few more people on the stage.

Little Bat, Flying Dragon Palace Leader and Great Elder had already arrived at the stage.

"You ... Who exactly are you, to actually have such a terrifying Heavenly Alchemy immortal power! " After the old man recovered from his shock and looked at his dead son, he was so angry that his entire body trembled.

"You’re a dead man, why are you asking so much!" As Chen Xiang spoke, Flying Dragon Palace Leader and Little Bat attacked the golden-robed elder from both sides.

When everyone saw this, they immediately scattered like birds and beasts, leaving this place that was about to erupt with a fierce battle.