Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had saved Lin Jitian, so he could go and fight without worry now.

Although the current’s Hall Master was a little weaker than when he was at his peak, he was still extremely frightening!

The little bat is also from the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, but compared to the Flying Dragon Palace Leader, he is far weaker.

The golden robed elder was a Venerable Ancestor Later-stage in the art of alchemy, his battle power could only be considered average.

After he was attacked by the Flying Dragon Palace Leader and the little bat, he quickly discovered that the other party’s strength was extremely strong. He immediately escaped into the air, and then released a ball of golden light in the air, as if sending some kind of signal.

"His companions will be back soon!" Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to Flying Dragon Palace Leader and Little Bat, then teleported behind an old man from the Zhao Clan, waving his sword to kill him.

Facing Chen Xiang’s sneak attack, the old man from the early stage of the Venerable ancestor realm could not even take a single blow!

The powerful late stage ancestor of the Zhao Clan was already in the vicinity with the Demonic Dragons, the golden-robed elder had already given the signal, they could quickly catch up.

Flying Dragon Palace Leader’s strength and the attack of the little bat were both very fierce. With the two of them working together, they quickly caught the golden-robed elder.

The golden robed elder did not expect the person behind Lin Jitian to be so powerful, especially the power of the Flying Dragon Palace Leader. He could not imagine which other human within the Flying Dragon Pagoda was so terrifying.

He did not know that the Flying Dragon Palace Leader was still alive. He had never seen the Flying Dragon Palace Leader before, so he could not think of who it was!

"It seems like you are one of the stronger Alchemist?" Chen Xiang chuckled: "Alchemist s of the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage are extremely precious to Zhao Clan, what a pity!"

"Our Zhao Clan’s reinforcements will arrive soon. You better let us go! Our Zhao Clan is different from the past, behind us, there is the powerful Dragon God High Priest as our backup, you are fighting against the Dragon Demons. " The golden-robed elder did not expect that a Venerable Ancestor Later-stage like his would be caught and pressed to the ground.

His body was being continuously injected with streams of power by the Flying Dragon Palace Leader, suppressing his explosive power, causing him to be unable to move at all ...

"So what if I want to fight against the Dragon?" Chen Xiang grabbed the old man’s hair and pulled his head up. Then, he slapped his face dozens of times, causing his entire face to deform.

"Kill him!" Flying Dragon Palace Leader said, "There are a few powerful auras approaching!"

Chen Xiang took out the Demonic Dragon Beast, then, he nodded towards Flying Dragon Palace Leader, who then smashed his head against the golden-robed elder’s head.

The gold robed elder was immediately shocked and shouted frantically. Chen Xiang and the others actually wanted to kill him.

"You all ... You won’t have a good ending. " The golden-robed elder continued to scream.

"The one who will not end up well is you. Go and die!" Then, a touch of golden light leaked out of his palm and poured into the golden-robed elder’s head. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The golden robed elder’s body trembled, the Divine Sense Sea collapsed, and then erupted with a terrifying power, Chen Xiang immediately kept the corpse back into the Rat emporer beads and fed it to the Heaven devouring rat.

Just as Chen Xiang and the others finished off the gold robed elder, two elders and two Middle-aged Man in Black Armour s flew over and landed in front of Chen Xiang and the others!

At this time, there were still many people watching from afar. With the sudden arrival of these four people, everyone’s hearts were filled with fear, and then they all retreated far away. At this time, they had already retreated outside the city walls, floating in the air as they looked at the plaza in the middle of Great Zhao City.

Out of the four people who had just arrived, two of the old men were the extremely powerful Venerable Ancestor Later-stage s from the Zhao Clan, while the other two were famous generals from the Demonic Dragon Clan, whose strength was much more terrifying than the two old men from the Zhao Clan.

At this moment, the Flying Dragon Palace Leader was also feeling pressured. If he was going to fight against one, he did not feel pressured, but if he and the little bat were to team up, they would need to fight against four Venerable Ancestor Later-stage s that were as strong as they were.

Although Chen Xiang was strong, he was only at the early stage of the Venerable ancestor realm, so dealing with early or middle stage opponents should not be a problem for him. However, Chen Xiang was not able to deal with the powerful Venerable Ancestor Later-stage at the moment.

Chen Xiang also knew that the current situation was not good for them. They could have easily escaped, but he did not want to flee, because this was an opportunity to weaken the Zhao Clan and the High Priest’s strength.

He immediately conversed with Long Qiumu from the You Yao Mountain Villa for a while and Long Qiumu agreed to come out to fight. However, Chen Xiang did not let her come out immediately.

"Wait for a chance. When I tell you to come out, come out. When that time comes, I will cooperate with you and let you complete your sneak attack." Chen Xiang said, then he sent a sound transmission to the Flying Dragon Palace Leader’s Little Bat, telling them to hang on for a while.

"Ole Gold is dead!" A white robed old man from Zhao Clan said, his face was filled with anger as he looked at Chen Xiang and the others, "It was you who killed Old Jin, right?"

"Is that the old man in golden robes? After all, your Zhao Clan asked for it. Not only did you kidnap my friends, you even slander my friends and me for stealing your Zhao Clan’s pill formulas. How shameless are you? Chen Xiang said.

Chen Xiang’s words made the two elders of the Zhao Clan extremely angry. Without a word, they released their aura and rushed over.

The two black armored dragon devils attacked from the side, cooperating with their attacks and rushed up. In an instant, the four of them released a few violent energy waves, striking out with black and white balls of air, enveloping Chen Xiang and the rest.

Flying Dragon Palace Leader and the little bat had already made their moves long ago, waving both of their hands to create a wave of energy to block the incoming berserk energy.

When they were fighting, Chen Xiang had already teleported behind them and had simultaneously hidden himself. They did not discover Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang’s invisibility was something even the High Priest could not detect, let alone them!

Flying Dragon Palace Leader let out a loud roar at this time, and the little bat also let out a blood-curdling shriek, recovering its wound!

In the midst of the fierce battle, the entire square was destroyed. Dense sand and dust covered the battlefield, and in the thick smoke and fog, thunder and lightning continued to flash non-stop. The situation was extremely desperate, and many of the ground of the Great Zhao City had been torn apart by the fierce battle.

After all, he was strong, but the little bat was different. He had just stepped into the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage not long ago.

"Qiu Mu, get ready!"

After Chen Xiang finished speaking, she immediately released Long Qiumu, who had also been concealed by Chen Xiang.

When Long Qiumu came out, she was surprised. She did not expect that the battle outside would be so intense, she immediately understood the situation, and without saying a word, she waved her black staff, releasing four streaks of white lightning that landed on the bodies of the two old men and the two Black Armored Dragon Demons.

"It’s White Demon Dao power!" A Middle-aged Man in Black Armour shouted in shock.