Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang didn’t know what the White Demon Dao Energy was, but he did know that the white lightning that Long Qiumu released was extremely terrifying. It instantly blasted a hole through the four people’s bodies, precisely where their hearts were.

The bodies of the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage’s disciple and the Dragon Demon were extremely terrifying. However, with just a casual wave of Long Qiumu’s hand, four bolts of white lightning struck out, creating a hole in their bodies.

"It’s you... Long Qiumu! " A Middle-aged Man in Black Armour had already recognized Long Qiumu’s strength, but he didn’t know where Long Qiumu was.

Long Qiumu’s appearance had reduced the pressure on Flying Dragon Palace Leader and the little bat’s body by a lot. Furthermore, the opposing party’s heart had been blown open, and their strength had decreased by a lot.

Long Qiumu had been invisible and not discovered by Chen Xiang, which was beneficial for her sneak attack.

Flying Dragon Palace Leader and Little Bat immediately fought back. The situation had reversed, and they were suppressed and even injured by the opponent just now, but now, it was the opponent who was beaten helpless by them.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

Long Qiumu suddenly attacked again, releasing a few rays of white lightning, this time landing on the heads of the four, they were already prepared for the ambush earlier.

However, even if they were prepared, being struck down by the white bolt of lightning, they couldn’t help but be distracted for an instant. In the moment of their absent-mindedness, the small bat had already quickly pierced the bodies of the two Dragon Demons with its divine trident.

Flying Dragon Palace Leader did not use any weapon, but the opponent was distracted for a moment, when the two palms struck the two elders, the dense Wyvern Dao Energy entered their bodies and exploded inside their bodies, causing their bodies to release crackling sounds, their bodies surface continued to explode, spitting out a ball of blood mist, it was extremely bloody.

After the little bats and Flying Dragon Palace Leader attacked, Long Qiumu released another wave of white lightning. In the blink of an eye, these four powerful Venerable Ancestor Later-stage s were beaten up beyond recognition by them, and they fell to the ground while smoking.

"We’ve finally gotten rid of him!" The little bat said. He also knew that someone had suddenly attacked just now.

On the other hand, the Flying Dragon Palace Leader did know that it was Long Qiumu, but the little bat in question did not.

"The High Priest is here!" Flying Dragon Palace Leader suddenly frowned: "This guy is very strong. We are not his match, and they even brought a group of Dragon Demons over.

"Then we have to get out of here!" Chen Xiang knew clearly that their current strength was not enough to fight against the High Priest.

Chen Xiang brought them to teleport and quickly left the heavily damaged Great Zhao City. They returned to the cave where they were hiding.

Lin Jitian’s injuries were not really that serious. He had only suffered a little physical pain, and there were still a few Huazun Dan in his hands that had not been sold out. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Looks like we have to be more careful next time we sell Huazun Dan. Right now, we must be very closely watched." Chen Xiang said, he had refined many Huazun Dan in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, it would not be easy for him to sell them all.

"If there’s nothing else, I’ll be going to the Flying Dragon Experience Place first." Just as Flying Dragon Palace Leader wanted to leave, he looked at the little bat and said: "Brat, you are also my Flying Dragon Palace’s. If you want to become stronger, follow me!"

"Can we bring Old Lin along?" The little bat had joined hands with Flying Dragon Palace Leader just now, so it naturally knew just how powerful the Flying Dragon Palace Leader was.

"Sure!" Flying Dragon Palace Leader knew that they needed a strong helper, and Lin Jitian’s potential was not small.

Lin Jitian gave the remaining Huazun Dan and the Dao crystal he had obtained from selling the Huazun Dan to Chen Xiang, then he left this place together with the Flying Dragon Palace.

"Next up, we will have to hide for a period of time. Let me handle the matter of selling Huazun Dan!" Chen Xiang looked at the Great Clan Elder and Master Wang and laughed helplessly.

... ....

The Master Wang and the Great Clan Elder did not continue to refine pills, but chose to cultivate instead. They also needed to be strong, and now that they knew of the High Priest’s plans, if the World Defying dragon demon broke the seal, they could only hide in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

And in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, there was a need for an even more powerful force in order to survive!

Chen Xiang was in a hurry to sell all the Huazun Dan in his hands.

Now that the Flying Dragon Pagoda was already controlled by the Dragon Demon, and because he was surrounded by the Dragon Demon’s spies, it wouldn’t be easy for him to sell all those Huazun Dan.

Furthermore, he couldn’t work with anyone, nor could he sell it publicly. This was truly a headache.

"Oh right, I have a Mouse Man!" Chen Xiang suddenly smacked his head and thought of the Mouse Man.

Mouse Man was equivalent to his clone. He could make these Mouse Man bring a single Huazun Dan and sell them everywhere. Even if they were discovered by the Dragon Demons, they could quickly escape.

If he could not escape, at most he would just be killed. The death of the Mouse Man would not be a loss to him, he could at least use the Dragon Beast Rat emporer beads to create them.

immediately tried releasing the ten Mouse Man s, separating them into different people. There were elderly, middle-aged, and young ... He told the ten Mouse Man s to each bring a few Huazun Dan to a few cities.

The Huazun Dan was very famous right now, and they were only in the late stage of Six Gods Stage, hoping to buy this pill.

However, after the battle in Great Zhao City, the people who sold Huazun Dan were wanted by the Dragon Demons and Zhao Clan, and they searched everywhere.

When the High Priest first arrived at the Great Zhao City, Chen Xiang and the others had already left, but the High Priest could still feel the aura that Long Qiumu had left behind!

If he did not feel Long Qiumu’s aura, he would have thought that Long Qiumu was still locked under the Flying Dragon Imperial Palace.

So the High Priest immediately returned to Flying Dragon Imperial Palace, and he quickly found out, Long Qiumu was not inside!

Inside the Flying Dragon Imperial Palace, the High Priest held a blood colored bead and furiously shouted, "Who exactly is it? Not only did he take away my Dragon Devil Grandmother, he even rescued that damned girl Long Qiumu!"

"Every time, my defenses are so tight, but I was still shifted." The High Priest was very angry. He might not have done it once, but this was the second time.

Right now, he didn’t know where Long Qiumu was, but he did know that Long Qiumu was definitely with that person with strong concealment abilities.

Furthermore, that person was related to the Huazun Dan, so the High Priest took this matter very seriously.

"This High Priest sure is ..." You want to put up a bounty on me with more than a billion Dao crystal? " Chen Xiang found it funny, he was hiding in a cave on the ground and was trying to sell his Huazun Dan.

In just a single day, he had successfully sold ten of them and earned two hundred billion Dao crystal!

People of the later stages of Six Gods Stage yearned for Huazun Dan very much, so they did not care who sold the Huazun Dan, and did not care about the enmity between the seller of the Huazun Dan and Zhao Clan and the High Priest.

Just like this, after Chen Xiang sold all the Huazun Dan he had brought with him, the ten Mouse Man s were teleported back to him using the power of space and the Dao crystal was then taken by Chen Xiang.