Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

In the following month, Chen Xiang very smoothly sold more than half of the Huazun Dan, and at the moment, his Dao crystal had already reached thirty trillion!

"There are still some that can be sold off very quickly!" After selling it, I will focus on my cultivation to make myself stronger. <>

These days, Chen Xiang had controlled the Mouse Man to peddle the Huazun Dan. Although it attracted the attention of the Dragon Demons, he was still able to get rid of them.

However, today, one of the Mouse Man he controlled had been captured.

The city that the Mouse Man was in was called Tai Feng City, it was a relatively large city, and the person who caught the Mouse Man was a disciple of the Zhao Clan.

Chen Xiang controlled the Mouse Man to sell all the Huazun Dan, and most of them were looking for those late stage Six Gods Stage s. But this time, he didn’t expect that the other party was a disciple of the Zhao Clan, so he directly sold some of them.

"Haha, I’ve finally caught one. Quickly hand over the Huazun Dan in your hands." This disciple of the Zhao Clan was a handsome man who only had the strength of the late stage of the Six Gods Stage. He looked very young and should only be around twenty years old.

Chen Xiang controlled the Mouse Man and asked, "Why should I give it to you? Your Zhao Clan is actually so overbearing, and should have been annihilated during the last battle. "

"Hmph, that’s fine, I’ll bring you back now." At this time, many people had already gathered around to take a look, and after hearing the words just now, they immediately understood what was going on.

A disciple of the Zhao Clan caught him selling Huazun Dan in the street!

Many people had heard that there were people secretly peddling Huazun Dan. Many people were able to successfully purchase them, and those who bought Huazun Dan were considered to be very lucky people. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Regarding the matter of the Huazun Dan, many people did not disagree. They all thought that if the Zhao Clan was not so tyrannical, the Huazun Dan would definitely be able to be sold publicly. Those who needed Huazun Dan s were easily able to buy them.

"You think you can take me back?" Mouse Man laughed coldly. Mouse Man was extremely powerful, especially after the Rat emporer beads and the Dragon Devil Grandmother Bead merged together, Mouse Man’s strength had become even more powerful.

"I think that’s the way you are. What, do you think you can beat me?" The disciples of the Zhao Clan felt disdain towards the other party just because they thought that he was a small fry.

But who knew that just as he finished speaking, Mouse Man’s palm suddenly turned furry. It was a huge mouse claw.

However, his speed was too slow. Mouse Man’s claws had already pierced through his body, leaving behind a few bloody holes on his body, which Mouse Man had pierced through with his claws alone.

As everyone realized this, they were shocked and quickly fled. He was afraid that a fierce battle would break out.

"Humph!" The Mouse Man snorted, transforming into a black light that drilled into the Zhao Clan man’s body, and started to devour his power.

After he finished swallowing, the Zhao Clan man’s body became dry and shriveled, while the Mouse Man also turned human, quickly leaving the place.

Chen Xiang planned to change this old acquaintance’s appearance and then continue selling the Huazun Dan at other places. Just when he was about to teleport this Mouse Man back, he found that he was unable to control the return of the Mouse Man!

"What the hell is going on?" Chen Xiang, who was sitting inside the cave, suddenly opened his eyes and immediately teleported the other Mouse Man back.

The other Mouse Man s could come back, but only that one could not.

"Someone is attacking the Mouse Man." Through the Mouse Man, Chen Xiang could sense a trace of energy fluctuations. It was the fluctuations of space.

In this Flying Dragon Pagoda, there were very few people who could use the power of space, and if they could, they would be extremely powerful existences.

Chen Xiang tried a few more times, but realized that he was unable to bring Mouse Man back!

"What the hell is going on? My power of space has been restricted! " Chen Xiang felt this was inconceivable. His power of space was not what it was before, he could break through the restrictions, but it had still been restricted.

This could only mean that that person’s use of the power of space was about the same as his.

He immediately had Mouse Man run away, but not long after, he blacked out and was covered by something.

Then, through the Mouse Man, Chen Xiang heard someone speaking.

"What a strange thing. I can feel that there’s something controlling it. Hehe, let’s catch it and talk about it when we get back." The man laughed.

"Who exactly are you people? Why are you capturing my clone?" Chen Xiang spoke through the Mouse Man with a very cold and angry tone.

"Oh? So this is your avatar. Your avatar is truly powerful, capable of devouring the power of others. " He knew that the Mouse Man had devoured the man from the Zhao Clan just now, so he was very curious.

"What does that have to do with you? It’s not like I’ve offended you! " Chen Xiang said angrily: "Quickly release my clone, if not don’t blame me for being rude!"

"Swallowing someone else’s power is not right. I merely cannot bear to watch you do this kind of thing. I am only giving you a bit of punishment." That person said, "If you are unwilling, then come find me. Use your great strength to teach me a lesson."

This person was a man. Chen Xiang didn’t dare to be sure of his strength, but he was sure that he wasn’t an ordinary fellow.

"It seems that you are merely a decent fellow. You only took a fancy to my body splitting technique and wanted to lure me out so that you could obtain it." Chen Xiang sneered: "Just you wait, offending me won’t end in a good way."

"I actually hope that you can come find me quickly. I want to know just how powerful you are, haha!" That person’s laughter was filled with ridicule, as though he was not afraid of Chen Xiang at all.

Chen Xiang did not immediately teleport. He was worried that if he went over, his opponent’s strength would be too strong. Furthermore, he would also know how to use the power of space.

His Mouse Man was locked in the same space and had no contact with the outside world, but Chen Xiang could still sense the location of his Mouse Man.

"This guy is leaving the city!" Chen Xiang had to teach this fellow who caught his Mouse Man a lesson.

After the other party left the city, Chen Xiang immediately teleported over and hid himself.

Soon, he knew that there were three people in the distant grass field. All of them were young and handsome men. Although their clothes were different, the patterns on them were all the same; they were all dragon patterns!

Chen Xiang was shocked. He had seen this kind of dragon tattoo before, in the one that was left behind in the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor.

"Are these guys related to the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor?" Chen Xiang clenched his fists: "If they are unwilling to return Mouse Man to me, even if it has something to do with World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor, I will definitely not let them off!"

He immediately flew towards the three men.

After that, he heard them talking.

"Third Bro, you captured that person’s clone. How is it?" A red clothed man asked.

"Nothing, I don’t know if I can lure that guy out. This body splitting technique is very special and strong, they have a very strong space connection, it can actually break through the space limit. As long as the opponent wants it, the clone can go back." He was number three.

Fortunately, I have a spacial divine artifact. I’ve cut off the connection between them, and I’ve restricted the space, so the clone won’t be able to return. On top of that, the clone is weak, so I managed to catch it easily. The blue clothed man laughed proudly.