Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang thought that this man knew how to use the power of space. She did not expect that he had only borrowed the power of a divine artifact to capture his Mouse Man.

Previously, he was worried that if he were to make a move against this man, he would be entangled by his opponent’s Spatial Force. Now, he could stop worrying. If his opponent were to use a divine artifact, then the consumption would be extremely great!

Just as the blue clothed man was feeling full of himself, Chen Xiang suddenly dropped from the sky. With the strength of his palm, he borrowed the impact from the fall and at the same time, fiercely slapped his head. Kacha!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

When Chen Xiang’s palm struck the head of the blue clothed man, a wave of berserk energy exploded, pouring into the blue clothed man’s body!

The blue clothed man immediately screamed miserably, spurted out a mouthful of blood, and the two men beside him were also blasted away by Chen Xiang’s palm strike!

Chen Xiang’s palm attack just now was extremely powerful. He had thought that he would be able to kill his opponent with a single palm, but he never thought that his opponent would have a divine artifact protecting their bodies, which allowed them to absorb and resist the majority of the force. It was just that the opponent had spat out a mouthful of blood.

"Who is it!" The blue clothed man was furious and took out a golden disc. Even though he had suffered a heavy blow from Chen Xiang, he didn’t receive any serious injuries!

"It’s laozi!" Chen Xiang did not appear, but the other party could hear his voice, "Didn’t you say before that you wanted me to come find you? I’m here, if you don’t return my avatar to me, don’t blame me for being impolite, I was just warning you a little. "

He did not expect that Chen Xiang would actually come, and so quickly at that, and even sneak attacked him!

Just now, Chen Xiang’s power had directly poured into his body, straight towards his Divine Sense Sea and his vitals. If not for the Divine Equipment on his body blocking the majority of the power, he would have died just now!

Chen Xiang actually wanted to kill him, this made him extremely angry!

"You ... You actually want to kill me! " The blue clothed man wildly danced about that disc. The disc shot out streaks of golden light towards the sky, randomly creating. He still did not know where Chen Xiang was at this moment.

The other two men were also surprised. They had already prepared themselves for battle, but they didn’t know where Chen Xiang was.

"I’ll give you one more chance, release my clone!" Chen Xiang said.

"Ha! I won’t give it to you. What can you do to me?" The blue clothed man firmly believed that Chen Xiang was unable to do anything to him, because Chen Xiang’s heavy blow earlier had not caused him any harm.

Chen Xiang was slightly angry in his heart, he did not expect this fellow to be so good.

Just as he was planning his next move, the blue clothed man suddenly took out his Mouse Man!

The blue clothed man took out the Mouse Man not to return it to Chen Xiang, but ... Instead, he used the golden disc in his hand to illuminate the Mouse Man.

The disc did not know what kind of divine tool it was, but when the golden light shined on Mouse Man’s body, it caused the Mouse Man to suddenly turn into a golden liquid and melt!

"Are you sure? Your avatar has already been killed by me. If you have the guts then come deal with me!" Haha... "You are a coward, ha-ha, ha-ha....." After the blue-clothed man killed Chen Xiang’s Mouse Man, he laughed maniacally with pride.

Chen Xiang took a small breath and silently took out the Heavenly Alchemy Emperor seal!

The Heavenly Alchemy seal had already been fused with his own Emperor seal, and its power was even more terrifying. He rarely used this Heavenly Alchemy Emperor seal because its power was extremely terrifying.

Right now, the angered Chen Xiang did not care about all that anymore. He just wanted to quickly eliminate this blue clothed man below him.

"Arrogant fellow, you’re asking to die!" Chen Xiang shouted in his heart as his Dharma power surged out, passing through his body and instantly transforming into a terrifying Heavenly Alchemy immortal power.

At the same time, one of the Six souls’s Azure Dragon Holy Spirit also roared and flew out from the Divine Sense Sea. As it passed through his body, an extremely strong Heavenly Alchemy immortal power was added on, and he entered the Heavenly Alchemy Emperor seal s!

Chen Xiang channeled his power into the Heavenly Alchemy Emperor seal. After a burst of Divine Seal, a single word appeared on the surface of the seal: "Refining", and this word was written by an Azure Dragon!

The blue clothed man and his two companions were stunned the moment the word "Refinement" appeared. This dragon’s might was truly terrifying, they were from the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor and were very familiar with dragon’s might, but they had never encountered such a terrifying existence.

After the word "refine" appeared, the pressure that had been released caused the blue-clothed man to be unable to move. At this time, he felt as if he was tightly grasped by the five elemental hands.

After the blue-clothed man’s protective divine tool felt the terrifying power, it started to move on its own. The word "refined" flashed and turned into a green dragon, with two red beams of light shooting out of its eyes. It spat out a green lightning that bombarded the blue-clothed man’s body.

Then, with a loud sound, the Green dragon howler opened its huge mouth, and like a meteorite falling from the sky, its body combusted with cyan colored lightning energy flames. It crashed into the ground and swallowed the blue-clothed man whole, large mouth, and then, its entire body fell onto the ground with a loud thud.

At the same time, the ground began to rise and fall, splitting into pieces ....

Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief, and used the power produced by the Heavenly Alchemy Emperor seal. As he had expected, it was just a flat piece of land, but it had already turned into a hill and ravine everywhere.

"He didn’t die?" Chen Xiang searched down below and suddenly found the blue clothed man. The skin on his body had been cut open, and he was missing an arm, his only remaining hand was holding onto a round plate that was split into two halves.

"What a powerful weapon. He actually saved his dog life!" Just as Chen Xiang was about to fly, he suddenly sensed an extremely powerful Qi.

"The High Priest? How terrifying! No, that’s not right. This guy is stronger than the High Priest. Just as Chen Xiang had stopped, that person had already appeared, and arrived beside the blue clothed man.

It was an old man wearing a white robe. There were dragon markings on his clothes. Indeed, he was here to save the blue-clothed man! VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"Grand master, someone is attacking us. That guy is in the vicinity. Quickly kill him." The other two men suddenly ran over and shouted.

When the blue clothed man was attacked, the two men were nearby. They knew that Chen Xiang’s attack was extremely terrifying, so they ran away as fast as they could. The blue clothed man was locked on by Chen Xiang, they simply could not escape.

The white robed old man looked around him and frowned. Originally, he had a head full of white hair, but now that it had suddenly turned black, he looked young in an instant. This caused Chen Xiang to be alarmed and feel an indescribable fear!

"You possess such powerful strength, why did you attack such a junior?" The old man also knew that someone was nearby. If those two men didn’t remind him, he wouldn’t have noticed.