If he was not agitated by someone, Chen Xiang would not even bother to waste his energy to hit him. <>

"You think I want to kill him? You should have asked him what he did first, so I didn’t bother to do anything to him. Chen Xiang said. He still had not appeared and after he finished speaking, he immediately teleported to another location.

The white robed old man could also feel that Chen Xiang was teleporting away. He was very curious about this kind of person, he never thought that there would be such a person in the Flying Dragon Pagoda.

"All of you, quickly tell me, what is going on?" The white robed old man looked at the two men and asked loudly. His tone was very strict.

"Yes ..." It was Ol ’Three who had captured the other person’s avatar and sent him to return it. Not only did he not return it, he even melted the avatar right in front of the other person and then ... And then that’s it. " When the red clothed man saw the white robed old man angry, he immediately replied while trembling.

"That’s it!" Chen Xiang said, but the red clothed man was not lying.

"Humph, what a sin!" At this moment, the white-robed old man was also furious. He looked at the half-dead blue-clothed man and cursed, "Bring him back, and let your master teach him a lesson!"

With that, the white-robed old man flew away. They were in the wrong for this, and he did not know the strength of his opponent, so he did not dare to make a move.

Seeing that the other party had left, Chen Xiang secretly heaved a sigh of relief.

"The people of the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor are actually this powerful? Is the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor coming back to settle the World Defying dragon demon’s problem?" Chen Xiang was only guessing.

He returned to the cave and continued to control his Mouse Man to sell Huazun Dan.

After a few months, he finally sold all of the Huazun Dan in his hands.

Although there were so many Dao crystal, Chen Xiang did not know if there were enough, but he was still a little worried.

"Forget it, I can only go in and take a look now." Chen Xiang planned to head to Myriad Tao Mausoleum now to search for the mysterious array.

With a teleportation, he left Flying Dragon Pagoda, and arrived in front of Myriad Tao Mausoleum’s Gate of Heaven and Earth!

"It’s him!" When Chen Xiang arrived, he saw the white robed old man. He stood in front of the ’door’ of heaven and earth, not moving an inch and it was unknown what he was doing.

When Chen Xiang teleported over, the old man noticed a slight movement in space.

"It’s you?" He did not see Chen Xiang, but he knew that he had met him a few months ago.

Chen Xiang appeared. He slowly descended to the ground and maintained a distance from the white robed old man as he said, "Do you want to enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum?"

"As soon as the ’Gate of Heaven and Earth’ is opened, I will immediately go in. What about you?" The white robed old man turned around, and asked Chen Xiang when he saw him.

He never thought that Chen Xiang would have such a young appearance. People who have such a young appearance usually cultivate very quickly.

"I can go in any time." Chen Xiang laughed: "Do you want me to bring you along and let you enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum immediately?"

He himself could also use the power of space, but he could not enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. This meant that Chen Xiang’s use of the power of space was much stronger than his.

In terms of strength, Chen Xiang was far inferior to him.

"Do you go in often?" The white robed old man asked.

"I went in a few times!" Chen Xiang walked a little closer and said: "What are you going in for?"

"To find someone!" After the white robed old man finished speaking, he let out a long sigh and turned around to look at the ’Gate of Heaven and Earth’.

"To whom? "You are very strong, much stronger than that High Priest!" Chen Xiang said. At this point, he was already in front of the old man, and could clearly feel his strength.

"Even if I told you, you wouldn’t recognize me." The old man in white shook his head, "I am not much stronger than the High Priest. The High Priest is immortal, I can’t kill him, but he has endless power of the Dragon and Demons. Although I won’t lose to him in a short period of time, once I run out of energy, I will die!"

Chen Xiang didn’t know much about the High Priest. Although Long Qiumu was at Dragon Devil Princess, she knew very little about the High Priest as well.

And yet, this mysterious white-robed elder knew so much about the High Priest. Clearly, he must have fought with the High Priest before!

"You fought against him?" Chen Xiang asked.

The white-robed cultivator nodded his head, "I cannot defeat him. Unless he is destroyed by the master, it would be very difficult to eliminate him. Even if we can kill him, the other High Priest will be born soon!"

"So that means, you entered the Myriad Tao Mausoleum to find the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor?" Chen Xiang had already guessed that the reason the High Priest was so hard to kill must be because of the World Defying dragon demon supporting him.

To exterminate the High Priest, he had to restrain the World Defying dragon demon.

When the white robed old man heard Chen Xiang’s words, he was very surprised. He did not expect Chen Xiang to actually know about the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor and the World Defying dragon demon.

"That’s right, the Dragon Ancestor is inside, but ..." It’s just that I don’t know where he’s at in Myriad Tao Mausoleum either! " The old man in white sighed: "We can only go in. How did you know?"

"I once obtained a bit of memories left behind by the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor, so I know a bit." Chen Xiang laughed, "Even though we had a misunderstanding, I am not your enemy, furthermore, we have a common enemy. If possible, I will help you find the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor."

"Alright, can you bring me in now?" The white robed old man smiled at Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang patted the white robed old man’s shoulder, and then used teleportation to bring him in, walking into the wide passage inside Divine Ghost Imperial Country.

"What’s your name? You should be around the middle stage Venerable ancestor realm! But the power of space is being used to such an extent, this is truly admirable! " The white robed old man asked.

"Chen Xiang! How about you, Senior? " Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"Long Tengyun, World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor can be considered my ancestor! I saw him once when I was very young. " Long Tengyun said: "At that time, when he left our secret realm, he said he was going to the Myriad Tao Mausoleum and he hasn’t returned since."

"Why is he going to the Myriad Tao Mausoleum? Did he say anything? " Chen Xiang never thought that the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor would actually be inside the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

"He said he was going to stay with his old friend. We don’t know who his old friend is. " Long Tengyun was very suspicious about this, "He does have many friends, but many of the elders in our clan do not know who he is going to accompany, nor do they know who is in Myriad Tao Mausoleum!"

Chen Xiang immediately thought of a person!

There was only one old friend in the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor that could make him enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum to accompany her, and that was the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor. In the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor’s memories, the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor was his master, but he had always treated him as his best friend.

In other words, the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor was also inside the Myriad Tao Mausoleum!

This kind of person, was actually in the mausoleum that he had constructed. Chen Xiang could not help but suspect that this mausoleum was probably built for him by the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor! ;