Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang thought about it, and decided to tell Long Tengyun about this matter in the end.

"World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor? I have never heard of him! " Long Tengyun said: "Does our ancestor really have an old friend? We don’t know! "

"Then what other friends does your ancestor have?" Chen Xiang was very surprised. He felt that the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor should be very famous, especially someone like Long Tengyun. <>

"His friends are all beast-type friends. Phoenix, Green Ox ... You should not know. " Long Tengyun frowned: "Just what is the background of this World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor? Do you know? "

"I... I just know a little, I’ll tell you what I don’t know! " After that, Chen Xiang told Long Tengyun about the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor. He did not tell him that the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor was once the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor’s tamed beast and was worried that Long Tengyun would not accept it.

"If it’s true, then this World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor is too powerful. He actually created the Myriad Tao Divine Arts, and this Myriad Tao Mausoleum was also built by him." Long Tengyun was very surprised, he never knew of such a person, and couldn’t help but exclaim in surprise.

Long Tengyun and Chen Xiang walked along the wide passageway, and their voices were not small as well. The echoes produced by their words echoed back to their surroundings.

However, at this moment, a voice suddenly rang out!

"Is the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor really in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum?" This sudden voice gave Chen Xiang and Long Tengyun a huge fright.

They immediately became vigilant!

"Who are you?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously, this was the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, they had to be vigilant. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Although Long Tengyun was strong, he still felt a sense of danger that could threaten him was approaching. He was right beside Chen Xiang, and the aura of power he was releasing right now made Chen Xiang feel fear.

Long Tengyun was actually ready to fight to the death, Chen Xiang suddenly felt a lot of pressure, he did not know what kind of person his opponent was!

A mass of black fog suddenly appeared on one of the walls, and then a person walked out from it. It was a handsome man wearing a gorgeous black robe. He had a crown on his head and looked very noble.

"This is my territory." The man smiled.

"Ghost Emperor?" Chen Xiang said in shock.

"That’s right, the Divine Ghost Imperial Country’s Ghost Emperor is me. You don’t have to be afraid, I’m not like the other fellows here who like to kill innocent people." The Ghost Emperor laughed, "You guys are pretty powerful. The ’Gate of Heaven and Earth’ has yet to be opened, but you can actually enter!"

Chen Xiang had already entered and out a few times already, but the Ghost Emperor did not appear. This time, when he entered with Long Tengyun, he actually lured the Ghost Emperor out.

"This period of time should have been very quiet. It would be hard for the two of you to not be noticed while walking here and making a racket." The Ghost Emperor laughed, "I am very interested in your words and also very curious, so I couldn’t help but casually ask."

"Since you heard our conversation, then you probably know. World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor being here is just my guess." Chen Xiang said.

The Ghost Emperor nodded his head, "We have been here for many years, but we have never seen the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor, so we can’t be sure! If I am sure that the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor is inside, then I think it is not too far away. "

The Ghost Emperor looked at Long Tengyun and said, "You should be able to confirm that, right?"

"I can only tell you this. That was what the Dragon Ancestor said when he left, but I can’t be sure whether he came here or not." Long Tengyun said.

Chen Xiang also felt curious and laughed, "Ghost Emperor, you care so much about World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor, could it be that he is your old enemy?"

"Hehe, he was the one who locked me up here. What do you think?" The Ghost Emperor laughed, "But I don’t hate him, I just want to find him and chat with him about the past. After all, I’m living quite well here, and he even sent a lot of my sworn enemies to accompany me.

The Ghost Emperor and the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor had such a relationship, the Ghost Emperor’s identity became even more mysterious.

"However, this matter must not be known to the other people. They wish they could eat the entire World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor alive." The Ghost Emperor lowered his voice and said, "If you are looking for the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor, what direction do you have? Why don’t we discuss it properly? I am more familiar with the Myriad Tao Mausoleum now. "

"Alright!" Chen Xiang and Long Tengyun both nodded.

The Ghost Emperor waved his hand towards a wall, causing a black curtain to appear on the wall. "Please!"

After that, Chen Xiang and Long Tengyun stepped onto the wall and entered into a magnificent hall.

Long Tengyun’s strength should be at the peak of respect for his ancestors, even if he was not a match for the Ghost Emperor, but he was definitely not far off, so Chen Xiang was not too worried that the Ghost Emperor had any tricks up his sleeves.

"Chen Xiang, did you gain anything from entering the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele that day?" The Ghost Emperor suddenly asked. Previously, Chen Xiang and Long Tengyun had said his name when they were talking, but the Ghost Emperor had heard it.

"It’s nothing, I managed to cultivate the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body inside, and I just got some good stuff ... Furthermore, my understanding of the Heavenly Alchemy has deepened. " Chen Xiang said with a smile, he would never tell this Ghost Emperor Myriad Tao technique.

"Hur hur, really?" The Ghost Emperor laughed, from his expression, one could tell that he did not believe Chen Xiang’s words at all.

Chen Xiang only smiled without speaking a word, the Ghost Emperor could understand him too.

"I thought you had died inside. I didn’t think I would see you again ten thousand years later. Your strength is still so strong!" The Ghost Emperor praised.

"I’ve only been inside for over a year. The time inside is very different from the time outside." Chen Xiang laughed bitterly.

"Then that’s even more amazing. It hasn’t been too long, yet you’ve become so strong." The Ghost Emperor was even more surprised, and was even more sure that Chen Xiang had gotten something good from inside.

Only now did Long Tengyun know how powerful Chen Xiang was. He knew about the Ghost Emperor’s matter, and his clan was relatively more knowledgeable about the Myriad Tao Mausoleum’s forces. But now, this Ghost Emperor actually admired Chen Xiang to such an extent, which showed how capable Chen Xiang was.

"Ghost Emperor, can I ask you something? But there is something about the Natural Law Divine Lord, can you beat this guy? " Chen Xiang asked, if the Natural Law Divine Lord was not eliminated, he would only feel uneasy.

"Of course I know, I’ve fought with this guy before! I can defeat him, but it will not be easy to wipe him out completely. " The Ghost Emperor frowned, "I don’t know why, but this guy is getting stronger and stronger. I heard that ... I heard that he secretly formed a gang, wanting to kill the Bone Emperor of White Bones Imperial and become the new Bone Emperor! "

"Really?" Chen Xiang’s heart suddenly sunk. He had forgotten one thing, while he was becoming stronger, his enemies were also becoming stronger.

"It’s just a rumor. Because he has a pretty good relationship with the Bone Emperor, when he heard that the Purple Blood Clan had insulted the Bone Emperor, he immediately personally went to the Purple Blood Clan and fought a great battle with them. He almost killed the Patriarch." The Ghost Emperor said, "That’s why the rumors are unreliable!" ;