Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The Ghost Emperor could be said to be one of the first people to enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. When he first entered, his strength was already very strong.

Right now, the Ghost Emperor was telling Chen Xiang, if the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor was really here, it was very likely that they were in a certain region!

"Will it be in Flying Dragon Ghost Realm? Is this true? That place must be very dangerous! " When Chen Xiang heard the Ghost Emperor’s analysis, he could not believe it. <>

Although Flying Dragon Ghost Realm brought the word Flying Dragon and there was even a dragon inside, it was obviously not a good thing that Flying Dragon Ghost Realm was willing to accept.

Therefore, Chen Xiang did not believe that the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor would be inside.

"First of all, the creator of the Flying Dragon Ghost Realm has a great relationship with the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor, which is why he used the name Flying Dragon." The Ghost Emperor looked at Long Tengyun and asked, "You should be clear about this matter as well!"

"That’s right, Flying Dragon Ghost Realm’s Wyvern Emperor is indeed one of World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor’s disciples, but because this guy is too evil, after he was brought in by World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor, he could no longer get out." Long Tengyun said: "This Myriad Tao Mausoleum has always restricted those with great strength, but their hearts are filled with darkness."

Chen Xiang coughed dryly, because the Ghost Emperor was also someone who could not come out after entering, and after Long Tengyun realized it, he felt a little awkward.

The Ghost Emperor did not care, and laughed, "It’s fine, you are right. The reason I can’t go out is because I have evil in my heart, but it’s much better now. I think I can go out, but I don’t dare."

"Then are we really going to the Flying Dragon Ghost Realm to look for the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor now? Ghost Emperor, do you have any clues? Flying Dragon Ghost Realm is so big, you can’t possibly go search aimlessly, so how long will it take to find it? " Chen Xiang said, he also wanted to find World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor and let him suppress the World Defying dragon demon that was about to revive.

"I don’t know, that was just my guess. Myriad Tao Mausoleum is vast, it will not be easy to find them!" The Ghost Emperor sighed, "But you can rest assured that I will also send people to investigate. You guys come here regularly and ask me. If you have any good news, you will be able to find out in time."

This was the only thing that could be done now. Long Tengyun did not say anything.

"Oh yeah, I heard that there is some mysterious array inside the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, we can activate it with a large number of Dao crystal." Chen Xiang suddenly said, the Ghost Emperor must have known about this, the Ghost Emperor was just collecting Dao crystal.

"It’s true. Did you come here for this as well?" The Ghost Emperor laughed: "But you might be disappointed, although there are many of these mysterious formations, but they are not everywhere, and you have to find them yourself slowly, even if you find them, you will need a large number of Dao crystal s to activate them."

"As for what is inside, I don’t know."

Chen Xiang and Long Tengyun did not stay long at the Ghost Emperor’s place, and went to Colorful Forest.

Previously, Chen Xiang was unable to use his spatial energy in the Colorful Forest, but now he could.

After entering, Long Tengyun suddenly said: "The Ghost Emperor is very cunning, I guess he knows the location of the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor, it’s just that he isn’t willing to tell us."

"Senior, why do you think that?" Chen Xiang also felt that the Ghost Emperor was a little strange.

"This fellow is like this in the first place..." If the Myriad Tao Mausoleum was built by the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor, then the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor is still here. "He might already be dead." Long Tengyun coldly snorted. "He’s plotting against the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor, if such an existence really dies, the things left behind can be imagined, how can he let others have them all?"

"Also, when you asked him about those mysterious formations earlier, he clearly knew about it. However, he did not tell you in detail and even lied to you. I think he was worried that you would take away too much of the benefits, so he did not tell you."

Chen Xiang felt it was strange. How could he, the Ghost Emperor, not know about the mysterious array formation inside? I just didn’t want to tell him. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

"You can’t get too close to him in the future. The people who are locked in this Myriad Tao Mausoleum are all bad people." Chen Xiang said.

Long Tengyun’s strength had already reached its peak, and would be equally matched with the Ghost Emperor. If they were to fight, it was hard to say who would win and who would lose.

After Chen Xiang and Long Tengyun entered the Colorful Forest, they had been very calm the entire way. Long Tengyun had decided to go to a rather dangerous place in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum; that place was called Dead Land.

When Chen Xiang and Long Tengyun travelled, although they did not have time to enjoy the beautiful scenery of the place, they still enjoyed the tranquility that caused one’s heart to be at peace.

However, this calm was quickly broken. Chen Xiang first sensed that something was approaching them, and the spatial sensing domain he used was extremely sharp. As long as something entered his perception domain, he could immediately sense it.

"There are more than ten guys approaching us. They’re fast!" Chen Xiang’s spatial realm could only sense what was moving within his domain; it could only tell the shape and size of that thing.

From his spatial domain, he could tell that the shape was the same as a human’s. As for the strength, he couldn’t even sense it.

"What is it?" Is it the Blood Race? " Long Tengyun asked, he immediately held his breath, and said: "We were extremely careful along the way, and was actually followed. What’s going on?"

Long Tengyun was very confident in his concealment abilities, and Chen Xiang was not weak either, but he was still tracked. He immediately thought of something and frowned: "Could it be that the Ghost Emperor had arranged for people to follow us?"

Chen Xiang hurried over to Long Tengyun’s side and pressed a hand on Long Tengyun’s shoulder. Then, he used the Counter Power to hide himself together with Long Tengyun and teleported to a large tree.

Beneath the big tree they were at, there were over ten people dressed in light green clothes. None of them looked weak, as they were all in the early stage of the Tai Zun realm.

And judging from their characteristics, they were extremely good at concealment and tracking. If Chen Xiang didn’t have the ability to use the spatial power, he wouldn’t have been able to discover this group of people.

"It’s a Dragon Demon!" Long Tengyun sent two sound transmissions to Chen Xiang. At this moment, he was even more confused, they were actually being targeted by the Dragon Demons.

"It must be the Ghost Emperor who exposed himself to these Dragon Demons." Long Tengyun sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang, "The Ghost Emperor might have already been cooperating with the Dragon Demons. This is trouble, let the World Defying dragon demon know that the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor is inside this Myriad Tao Mausoleum!"

Chen Xiang did not expect the Ghost Emperor to be so cunning, and this made him angry secretly in his heart. He was not easily tricked by others, but now, he was tricked. Chen Xiang thought in his heart. ;