Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang looked down at the ten odd Dragon Demons, his heart also filled with shock, there were so many Dragon Demons in Myriad Tao Mausoleum, and all of them were powerful.

He couldn’t help but suspect that the Demonic Dragon had already formed a hidden force in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. Although it didn’t fight with the other great forces in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, but it had developed in the darkness, and seemed to have a good relationship with other great powers.

"They should be here to kill me!" Chen Xiang said: "But they do not know of your existence, and do not know how strong you are, if not they would not have sent these Dragon Demons to their deaths."

Long Tengyun nodded his head: "This batch of Dragon Demons is very outstanding, their concealing skills are very high, and they are extremely good at assassinations, but they were still sent here. Ming Gui Emperor did not tell the Dragon Demons about my strength."

"Ghost Emperor, this bastard, could it be that he wants you to kill this batch of Dragon Demons? This way, he’ll be able to make the Dragon Demons inside furious. In the end, you and the Dragon Demons fight?" Chen Xiang guessed the Ghost Emperor’s purpose.

"It should be so, the Ghost Emperor told the Dragon Demons where we are, he must have obtained a lot of benefits. Now that the Dragon Demons are in the Flying Dragon Pagoda, I think the Ghost Emperor must have obtained a large number of Dao crystal from them." Long Tengyun took out a very short sword.

After throwing out the dagger, it flashed and became more than ten beams of golden light. If one looked carefully, these ten beams of golden light were all dragons of more than ten strands.

This ~ long ~ wind ~ The dragons flew out and instantly drilled into the heads of the ten or so Dragon Demons. They all held their heads as they frantically rolled on the ground.

Chen Xiang watched with wide eyes. His hands were very powerful, dealing with more than ten Dragon Demons at the early stage of Venerable ancestor realm so easily.

Just as Chen Xiang wanted to go down and kill these Dragon Demons, he saw that their bodies had suddenly swelled up!

Previous Chapter Next Chapter "Boom!" Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

After the Demonic Dragon’s body swelled up, it suddenly exploded and died!

"These lackeys are just here to die." Long Tengyun waved his hand, and the powerful dagger appeared in his grasp.

"So powerful!" Chen Xiang could not help but exclaim.

Long Tengyun said: "The power of the Dragon Demons in here should have been developed by the Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable! It was all thanks to the World Defying dragon demon that he was able to remove the seal. It is possible that he entered the Myriad Tao Mausoleum to help the World Defying dragon demon inspect the situation inside. "

Chen Xiang had guessed before that the Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable was a very important existence in the Flying Dragon Ghost Realm, as they wielded a lot of power and influence. It was unknown whether or not the entire Flying Dragon Ghost Realm was already under the control of the Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable.

"We need to quickly go to the Dead Land. We need to find the both of them quickly! If World Defying dragon demon truly resurrects, the consequences would be unimaginable for us. Only the ancestors of two World Defying Stage can take care of him. " Long Tengyun had already seen through the trap the World Defying dragon demon had laid down long ago.

Chen Xiang nodded: "Where do you want to go, Dead Land? I’ll use the power of space to teleport! "

Long Tengyun told Chen Xiang a direction, and then, Chen Xiang brought him continuously teleported. A few moments later, they arrived at the so-called Dead Land!

"It should be here!" Long Tengyun stood on top of a tall mountain, and looked at the pitch-black forest in front of him.

There were many large mountains in front, but all of them were black, without any plants. Chen Xiang even saw a very wide plain, which was also completely covered with black soil without any signs of life.

"It’s very similar to White Bones Imperial!" said. This was the same as the White Bones Imperial, it was filled with death aura, but the White Bones Imperial had bones everywhere, and there were no bones here.

"If the Dead Land wasn’t that dangerous, he would have been taken over by the White Bones Imperial a long time ago! Usually no one dares to come in, so you can’t even see the bones. " Long Tengyun sighed, "If we enter, it will be dangerous! Chen Xiang, you better not enter. Although you are doing well in all aspects, I am still worried! "

Although the sun was shining brightly, there was black soil everywhere. Just a glance at it would cause chills to run down one’s spine.

"Alright, senior, you go in yourself!" Chen Xiang took out a Communication jade Symbol paper and said, "If we’re close, we can pass a message to me through this."

"Alright!" After Long Tengyun received it, he stared at it and said, "You should be more vigilant in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. It seems like the several powers in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum are all related to the Dragon Demon, and you are now the number one enemy of the Dragon Demon."

"I understand, senior, you have to be careful too!" Chen Xiang smiled at Long Tengyun.

Long Tengyun then flew into the Dead Land, and after Chen Xiang saw his back disappearing, he immediately teleported out of the place.

Although he was curious about the Dead Land, he was more afraid, which was why he did not go in.

And he still had other things to do in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

He had originally entered the Myriad Tao Mausoleum to search for that mysterious array. He had entered with several tens of billions of Dao crystal in his possession just to see what was hidden within the mysterious array.

The Ghost Emperor had told him that the mysterious array formation inside was extremely hard to find, but Chen Xiang did not believe it.

"Seems like I can only go to Divine Ghost Imperial Country to try my luck!" Chen Xiang then quietly returned to the Divine Ghost Imperial Country, to look for his old friend the Time Ghost.

Although Time Ghost was a subordinate of the Ghost Emperor, he didn’t seem to care about other things. He only wanted the Dao crystal.

Chen Xiang did not come to find him to buy time.

"Time Ghost, even though I’m not here to buy time from you, I’m still here to do business with you." Chen Xiang laughed. He was disappointed that Time Ghost was not here to buy time just now.

"What deal?" Time Ghost was someone who had opened his eyes when seeing money, and immediately asked after knowing that he still had some left to earn.

"There are so many of these rooms here, and they all have weird ghosts like you, right?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Yes, do you want to do business with them?" Time Ghost suddenly understood Chen Xiang’s intention.

"I want to find a guy who knows a lot of things. If you tell me where I can find this guy, I’ll give you a hundred billion Dao crystal." Chen Xiang said: "Isn’t this easy to earn!"

A hundred billion Dao crystal wasn’t really a lot to Time Ghost, after all, he had earned over two trillion from Chen Xiang.

Actually, even if you don’t give me the Dao crystal, I will still tell you! However, since you’re so passionate, then I won’t be polite. " Time Ghost snickered.

Chen Xiang secretly cursed in his heart. After giving Time Ghost a hundred billion Dao crystal, he said: "You can tell me now!"

"I know a guy named Well-informed Ghost. He is well-informed, and as for why he is so well-informed, I don’t know either, but if you want to know more, he will definitely tell you." Of course, you have to prepare enough Dao crystal. " Time Ghost said, and then told Chen Xiang the location of the Well-informed Ghost.

...

...

...