Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

Chen Xiang left the stone room of the Time Ghost and went to look for the Well-informed Ghost.

He quickly found it and entered the Well-informed Ghost’s stone room. This stone room was pretty much the same as the one in the Time Ghost.

"You were introduced by the Time Ghost, right?" This was the old man’s voice, the Well-informed Ghost.

Chen Xiang cursed Time Ghost in his heart. He was worried that Time Ghost would tell him all of his secrets. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

"Yes!" Chen Xiang said: "I want to ask you something!"

"Ask away, as long as I know, I will answer you ..." I think you are already prepared. " Well-informed Ghost said.

"How many Dao crystal s do you need?" Chen Xiang asked about the price first, so that he wouldn’t be tricked later.

"100 billion!" Well-informed Ghost said.

"+ again. "See you!" Chen Xiang could tell that the other party was trying to trick him, so he turned around to open the door.

"70 billion ..." Well-informed Ghost quickly lowered the price, but Chen Xiang still opened the door.

"50 billion!" The Well-informed Ghost shouted again.

Chen Xiang then came back and sat down, and laughed: "I am not that easy to deceive."

"You ..." Ask a question first and see if I know anything. " Well-informed Ghost said.

"I heard that the Myriad Tao Mausoleum has many mysterious array formations, and these array formations require a large number of Dao crystal to be activated." Chen Xiang said: "Do you know where you can find this array?"

"This... We need to increase the price. " Well-informed Ghost said: "This is extremely secretive!"

"How much?" Chen Xiang did not feel too surprised, because the Ghost Emperor had concealed this matter from him, and as his subordinate, the Well-informed Ghost was not too loyal.

"30 billion!" Well-informed Ghost said.

"Two hundred. How about it?" Although Chen Xiang had many Dao crystal, he would not use them carelessly.

"Alright!" Well-informed Ghost was very lacking in Dao crystal, so he was more or less willing.

Well-informed Ghost did not immediately answer Chen Xiang’s question. He was waiting for Chen Xiang to give him the Dao crystal, so Chen Xiang had no choice but to take out the seventy billion Dao crystal.

Well-informed Ghost took the Dao crystal, and after he finished counting, he said: "There are many such mysterious formations, so finding them isn’t too difficult. It requires a certain level of skill to do so!"

"You must promise me not to wander around. I’m the one who told you how to find that kind of formation, or else I’ll be in big trouble!" Well-informed Ghost said.

"I understand. Tell me how to find that formation quickly!" Chen Xiang urged.

"Wait!"

Well-informed Ghost spoke slowly after a full hour, "Let me first talk to you about the origin of this mysterious formation! The existence of this kind of formation is for inheritance. As for what kind of inheritance it is, it’s extremely useful to humans. Once obtained, one can advance by leaps and bounds! "

"Is it really that magical?" Chen Xiang felt that this was a little exaggerated.

"It’s really that magical, we collected a large number of Dao crystal just to enter this kind of array to receive the inheritance." Well-informed Ghost said: "I don’t know who will be the one to create these array formations, but I do know how to find these array formations, and it’s the fastest method to do so."

"First of all, if you want to find this kind of array, you need to place the Dao crystal in a very big container, and let the Dao crystal be exposed. This way, the array will be able to sense a large number of Dao crystal, and the Dao crystal will be able to resonate with the array and flash." First of all, if you want to find this type of array, you need to place the Dao crystal in a very large container, and let the Dao crystal be exposed.

"If your Dao crystal does not react, then you will have to continue increasing it. The array is too far away from you, you can only use more Dao crystal to let the array feel it."

Chen Xiang quickly understood the principle of this method, and asked: "Will this work?"

"I guarantee it. I have a lot of credit. I definitely won’t lie to you." Well-informed Ghost said: "Oh right, when you use it, you need to be careful, because a large number of Dao crystal would attract other things."

"Got it, I will go and try it now, if there are any other problems, I will come and find you, I will probably stay in Myriad Tao Mausoleum for a period of time, and I will need some pointers." Chen Xiang said.

"Leave it to me." The Well-informed Ghost laughed.

Chen Xiang left the Divine Ghost Imperial Country and came to Colorful Forest. He felt that the Colorful Forest should be the safest place to be, and its environment was very beautiful. He really liked bringing her here.

Ever since he came here, he did not use the same method that he used with the Well-informed Ghost. Instead, he found a hidden place to hide and took out the Cauldron.

He put a trillion Dao crystal into the furnace and also refined these Dao crystal into a very big bead!

One could imagine the quality of the trillions of Dao crystal compressed into a single bead, which was equivalent to several times their original size.

Suddenly, Chen Xiang felt that if there were not enough Dao crystal, he could refine some of the Dao crystal, and let the Dao crystal level up. That way, he would be able to use a small amount of money to activate the mysterious array.

After he finished refining, he took the Dao Jing bead and went out!

The Dao Jing bead quickly reacted, its eyes flickering.

"Well-informed Ghost didn’t lie to me!" Chen Xiang spun in place, and quickly determined a direction, then teleported in that direction. This was because the Dao Jing bead flashed towards that direction the most frequently, with the brightest radiance.

Just as he teleported over, he suddenly sensed strong auras all around him, causing him to suddenly remember the Well-informed Ghost’s reminder. Using this method would easily attract the attention of the people who were stealing the Dao crystal.

The quality of his Dao Jing bead was extremely high and the aura it emitted was very strong.

"Why are these guys so sensitive?" Chen Xiang immediately kept the pearl. Without the pearl, he did not know where the mysterious array was.

After he became invisible, he would occasionally take out the Dao Jing bead to confirm his direction. After confirming, he would teleport a distance away and then take it out again.

After about half a month, he discovered that this area was filled with people who had been attracted by the strong aura of Dao crystal.

"The Colorful Forest is the territory of the Four Colors Blood Tribe. Could it be that all of these are from the Four Colors Blood Tribe?" Chen Xiang was also annoyed by this group of people, this couldn’t let him rest at ease to search for the mysterious array.

In order to avoid a battle, he took out the Dao Jing bead very carefully. He took out the Dao Jing bead for an instant, then took it out again after teleporting.

The people who came to find him also felt very depressed. They had never encountered such a situation before. They felt as if they were being toyed with and were extremely furious.

"Right here!" At night, the moment Chen Xiang took out the Dao Jing bead, the Dao Jing bead suddenly shot out a ray of light towards the ground.

...

...