Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

Dao Jing bead were refined by a trillion Dao crystal, and the moment they were taken out, they would emit a very strong aura. In addition to that, the formation greedily absorbed the Dao Jing bead’s energy, causing the aura released to be even stronger.

Chen Xiang was extremely anxious at the moment, because he was unable to keep the Dao Jing bead inside. At the same time, he sensed a few powerful auras nearby, and they were all coming towards him.

Chen Xiang could only use an Invisibility Spell to hide himself as he neared the mysterious formation and used the power of space to cut off the Dao Jing bead’s Qi, causing it to immediately stop releasing.

Not long after he disappeared, more than ten people appeared around him. Purple, white, and blond, all of them of the blood-red race.

The other people were all dressed in black. Chen Xiang did not know where they came from, but they were all very strong and were all in the middle stage of the Venerable ancestor realm.

"Who are you people?" When the golden-haired man saw the black-clothed men, he frowned and asked. He didn’t think that there would be so many unknown people fighting over them.

"Who are we? What does it have to do with you?" A black man. It seems like all of them, the black-clothed men, are in the same group.

The golden-haired man was extremely angry. Their Golden Blood Tribe was, after all, one of the hegemons of the Colorful Forest, yet they were looked down upon so much. This made him extremely furious.

"What, you want to fight? We’re not afraid of you, if you have the guts come at us! " The man in black burst out laughing when he saw the golden-haired man’s flustered look.

The golden-haired man was alone in this place, yet the opponent had so many men in black. He was not a match for them, so he could only swallow his anger in a pitiful manner.

If he were to clash with these people, then there would only be one outcome and he would definitely be killed. Although the purple-haired and white-haired people were part of the Four Great Blood Clans, they would definitely not help him.

When Chen Xiang saw this situation, he secretly rejoiced in his heart. All of the people who were chasing after him should be coming for the Dao crystal.

Dao crystal were extremely rare here, and they knew why there was such a strong aura of Dao crystal. It was because someone had come to this place to search for a mysterious array.

They could judge the number of Dao crystal based on the Dao crystal’s aura, which was more than a trillion.

Even though they had arrived at this place, they could not see Chen Xiang, and the Dao crystal’s Qi had also disappeared. Even if they were to focus their minds, they were unable to sense it in the slightest, they could only sense the remnant Qi.

Before, they had been tracking that aura. After all, it was an extremely strong aura, so they were extremely patient. Once they felt it, they would fly over as fast as they could.

But this time, the aura appeared the longest, so they were able to catch up to him!

"After the formation absorbs enough power, it will definitely open. At that time, it might cause some sort of disturbance. If that’s the case, then I will definitely be discovered." Chen Xiang looked at one of the black-clothed men. His heart was moved as he used the power of space to shoot a ray of golden light at the black-clothed man. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

The direction in which the golden light shot out was from the golden-haired man. This way, the black-clothed man would think that it was the golden-haired man who had attacked.

As for the golden-haired man, the power he used was definitely golden. It was easy for him to arouse suspicion from others.

Of course, Chen Xiang did not hit the black-clothed man, but the black-clothed man still looked at the golden-haired man angrily, and said: "Are you the one who attacked me?"

The golden-haired man had also sensed this strange phenomenon. He hurriedly shook his head. "It’s not me!"

Although he was like that, none of the men in black believed him.

The black clothed man had a bad temper, two of them rushed forward aggressively, their bodies gathering their energy. One look was enough to tell that they were about to start a fight.

The other five men in black were just watching by the side. Although they were partners, they felt that as long as the two men in black attacked, it would be enough.

The purple-haired and white-haired man also felt that the golden-haired man had secretly attacked because of his hatred towards the black-clothed man. They definitely weren’t a gang member. They would only provoke him.

However, with Chen Xiang here, it was impossible for them to gloatingly watch a good show. Chen Xiang then used the power of space to create a space on the white-haired man and the purple-haired man’s arms respectively, before releasing his own two powers.

One of them was white, the other was purple, all of them extremely strong.

After they left, their power advanced very quickly. In an instant, their bodies were pierced through by the two men in black! When the golden-haired man saw the two men in black with white and purple holes, he was very surprised. He didn’t expect the purple-haired man and the white-haired man to secretly help him.

He was shocked and happy at the same time. Taking advantage of the two men in black being injured, he used all his strength to send out two palm strikes, turning the two men in black’s upper body into a golden mist!

"You all ... "You bastards, kill them for me." The black clothed man roared, and then he started to attack.

The purple-haired and white-haired people didn’t understand what was going on, but in order to protect themselves, they had no choice but to fight back. Although it was strange, they could only fight with their lives on the line, otherwise they would be the ones dying.

Chen Xiang took out his Six Realms mirrors and released an array to envelop him. This way, he wouldn’t be affected by the aftermath of the battle.

This way, he would be able to happily watch the big show below.

"You want to rob me? This is what happens to you guys! " Chen Xiang laughed and then took out more Dao crystal for the mysterious array to absorb. This way, it would open even faster.

Although there were only three blood-colored people, they were abnormally vicious. Especially when they were fighting with their lives, it did not take long for them to kill a black-clothed man.

Previously, the black-clothed men only relied on the arrogance of their numbers, but now they weren’t as powerful as they looked on the surface. Just now, they were just putting on an act, which made the golden-haired man’s fight even better.

Just now, the golden-haired man had choked back a few sentences. He had been holding back his anger, but now that it had been released and fused with his power, he was completely satisfied.

As they were fighting with all their might, a burst of light suddenly burst out from below them. They only saw the appearance of a five-star array formation. Then, they suddenly remembered why they had come here!

They were all here to track the person who used the Dao crystal to search for the mysterious array. Now, that person had activated the array!

They also gradually understood what was going on. The reason for their inexplicable fight was all because of that person with powerful concealment skills!

This was especially true for the golden-haired man. Earlier, he had seen a golden beam of light suddenly appear. However, the other party had attacked him without asking him to explain himself. What followed next was for him to act blindly!

...

...