Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had already successfully opened the mysterious array, and his heart was extremely excited!

However, just as the array was about to open, the black and blood-colored races discovered it and immediately sent out powerful masses of energy towards him.

After the ball of energy flew towards him, he immediately urged the Six Realms mirrors to quickly defend against the energy in order to stabilize the array. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

A large wave of energy balls shot over, as if they wanted to destroy the earth. They erupted with a powerful force that caused the wind and clouds to surge. The sky darkened, and the earth began to crack!

Chen Xiang used his Six Realms mirrors to successfully block the wave of the attack, which made him feel a lot more at ease. Because the mysterious array formation had already been activated, he had already stepped into it!

With a sou sound, the array released a blinding white light, following that, Chen Xiang disappeared, and the big array also gradually disappeared.

"This bastard must have told us to start a fight so that he could activate the formation." The golden-haired man said.

"Even so, this matter is not over yet. We are still dead. We will definitely not let you all off." If they didn’t die, then so be it.

But right now, they were at a disadvantage and the other side was completely fine. In addition, they were even more furious as they saw others enter the mysterious formation with their eyes.

Thus, they started fighting again ...

These mysterious array formations were all Transmission array, and the moment the array opened, Chen Xiang was teleported into another space.

When Chen Xiang arrived in this space, he felt that it was different from what he had imagined. He had thought that there were many good things inside, but he didn’t expect it to be inside a small room that was completely white.

"Hello, is there anyone here?" Chen Xiang shouted, he could not see anything inside.

"There’s no one here, but there’s half of a ghost!" Suddenly, a mischievous voice was heard. It sounded like the voice of an old man.

"Why is it half a ghost?" Chen Xiang was extremely curious, so he asked.

Soon after, Chen Xiang saw an illusion. This illusion only had a upper body, and was an old man with white hair.

Chen Xiang finally understood why he was pretending to be a ghost, because the illusion had only half a shadow!

"What the hell are you?" Chen Xiang was not afraid, and asked, because the shadow did not seem to have any power, it was just a spirit body or a memory soul, that’s all.

"You must have gone through a lot to be able to enter here, right? After all, you are only at the early stage of the Venerable ancestor realm. The old man laughed.

"You know it well!" It was not easy for Chen Xiang to be here. Although he knew how to find the mysterious array, it was very easy for people to track him when he was searching.

"You’re pretty lucky to have met me. If you had gone to such an empty place, you might have cried!" The old man laughed. "That’s why I won’t let you down!"

Chen Xiang curled his lips: "I won’t cry, but I definitely will! Old grandpa, what do you have here? I’ve heard that activating this kind of formation can grant one the inheritance, right? "

"That’s not right. The only reason why I can activate this formation is because I might be able to obtain the inheritance. It isn’t certain!" The old man said, "I don’t have much inheritance for you, only one. What kind of inheritance do you want? Once you say it, you can’t change it. You have to think about it carefully!"

Chen Xiang had thought that he would get some kind of godly skills or some rare treasures, he never expected that the inheritance would be like this.

He thought it was good to have at least what he wanted. He quickly made up his mind.

"I need medicinal recipes and ingredients that can quickly improve within the Venerable ancestor realm." Chen Xiang said, as long as there was such a thing, he would be able to reach the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage in no time.

Furthermore, there was a heaven defying being like the Time Ghost here, he only needed to consume a bit of the Dao crystal to be able to break through in the shortest time possible.

"Well... The inheritance you need is really special! However, it’s not good if you need a pill formula and medicinal herbs because you might not be able to refine one. Even if you were to refine one for someone else, it would still be very difficult! "You must know that this pill is not easy to refine at all." The old man said.

"Didn’t you just say it? You can’t change it once you say it. Why are you still talking so much to me? " Chen Xiang laughed, "Give it to me quickly!"

"You little rascal ... "Yeah, you can’t change that when you say it, okay!" The old man sighed and took out a jade box. He said, "There are three types of medicinal herbs. The name is not important. You only need to know to refine these three types of medicinal herbs together."

Chen Xiang received it and asked: "Then what’s the name of the pellet that was refined?"

"Nine-turn Yuanzun Dan!" The old man said, "This will help you break through to the late stage! However, the condition is that you have to grow a lot of medicinal ingredients to concoct this kind of pill. This requires a lot of time. "

"I got it!" These things were not difficult for Chen Xiang.

"Alright, then I’ll send you out of here!" The old man said.

"I don’t want to return to the Transmission array that I entered." Chen Xiang hurriedly said. When he came in, a great battle had already broken out at that place.

"No problem, let’s go!" The old man laughed and sent Chen Xiang off.

... ....

Chen Xiang appeared in a forest. This was still the Colorful Forest, but he was far away from the place he had entered.

"My luck is really not bad!" Chen Xiang previously thought that that kind of mysterious array would definitely have an inheritance, but after going there once, he realized that it was not for sure.

Moreover, he had used a large number of Dao crystal to open the formation. He had used ten thousand to refine the Dao Jing bead, and another thirty thousand to open the formation!

His dozens of Myriad Tao Crystals were only enough for him to use more than ten times, and these dozens of times were not always for him to pass on. He was unlucky and might not even be able to meet that old man.

Chen Xiang threw the medicinal ingredients to the Mei Jing Sisters, letting them see if they can grow it quickly.

Then, he took out the Dao Jing bead and continued to search for that mysterious array!

This time, he did not proceed inside the Colorful Forest. Although it was beautiful inside, there were more people squatting inside. After all, the environment was good and many people wanted to stay.

Hence, he planned to go to a place with a very harsh environment, and that was the White Bones Imperial!

He used Teleportation and quickly arrived at a very desolate place in White Bones Imperial. There were bones everywhere, and he wasn’t sure if there were any powerful guys around.

"Let’s see if there are any mysterious formations around here!" Chen Xiang took out the Dao Jing bead and tested it out. Soon, the Dao Jing bead had a reaction.

Not long after, he found a Transmission array. He used three trillion Dao crystal to open that Transmission array and was teleported to a white space. It was the same as last time.

However, his luck was not so good. He did not encounter any "half a ghost". He shouted for a while, but there was no reaction.

However, he still persisted in staying inside and shouting. After a while, he was automatically transported out of the formation.

"Bastard, damn you..." Chen Xiang kept cursing and trampling on the mysterious Transmission array, which wasted three trillion of his Dao crystal.