Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chen Xiang was quite satisfied with the inheritance that was World Defying god fire. If it was really as powerful as the Half-ghost Old Man said, he felt that it would definitely be of great help in refining pills.

Cultivating would be more difficult. He could tell from the chants and incantations that the more difficult something was, the more he would like to challenge it.

After Chen Xiang was sent out of the space, he immediately returned to the Divine Ghost Imperial Country to look for him.

If Long Tengyun did not find the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor, the High Priest’s plan would be successful and the World Defying dragon demon would be resurrected. At that time, he would be in danger.

Only by making himself strong, would he be able to place all his hopes on nothing.

Although Chen Xiang had spent several tens of trillions, he had actually obtained two kinds of good legacies. The first was the Nine-turn Yuanzun Dan’s medicinal ingredients, so if he successfully refined this kind of pellet, he would be able to quickly cultivate within the Venerable ancestor realm.

At that time, he would be able to give this pill to Lin Jitian, Great Clan Elder and the others to eat. Mei Jing Sisters could also use this method to increase their cultivation.

Chen Xiang once again went to Time Ghost’s room. At this moment, he was bargaining with Time Ghost, hoping that he could be cheaper, but this Time Ghost refused to lower the price no matter what. After all, he knew that Chen Xiang was a tycoon, and every time Chen Xiang came to find him, it was at a very critical moment.

Since Chen Xiang could not say anything, he could only go according to the price of the Time Ghost.

The time he bought this room was one of the larger ones. The time spent on this room was one year outside, and the Time Ghost had to spend a huge amount of time on this room. After using it once, he would need to rest for a few days to recover.

Inside the You Yao Mountain Villa, Mei Jing Sisters and Long Qiumu had already grown a lot of Nine-turn Yuanzun Dan s medicine, so Chen Xiang took out a portion and began to refine it.

Nine-turn Yuanzun Dan only had three medicinal ingredients, one flower, one fruit, and one grass, all of which were purple in color! It looked to be of the same color, making Chen Xiang feel that it would be very easy to refine.

Previously, Huazun Dan were so difficult to refine that he could even successfully fuse them. Thus, he felt that this Nine-turn Yuanzun Dan should not be too difficult.

However, after he started refining for an hour, he realized that the difficulty of refining this Nine-turn Yuanzun Dan far exceeded that of refining Huazun Dan.

"What’s going on?" Chen Xiang was unable to understand the situation he had just encountered. He had only released flames to burn the medicinal ingredients, but those medicinal ingredients did not react at all when they met flames.

He continued burning for an hour before those medicinal herbs turned into ashes. After that, there was nothing left of them.

Just a moment ago, it was still fine, but in the blink of an eye it suddenly turned into dust and disappeared.

"Can these medicinal herbs really be used for pill forging?" Chen Xiang looked at the three purple colored medicinal herbs in his hands. He didn’t know what kind of medicinal ingredients these were nor what their characteristics were.

Chen Xiang did not believe it, and continued to refine. He tried again, and an hour later, just like before, the herbs that were just right suddenly turned into ashes!

"This is really strange!"

Chen Xiang immediately made his third attempt, and controlled the time well. Seeing that an hour was about to pass, he immediately withdrew the flames, leaving the pill furnace in a state where it was not being burned at all.

There were no more flames in the furnace, so Chen Xiang carefully observed to see if there would be any changes to the herbs after an hour.

Soon, an hour had passed. To his surprise, the medicinal herbs were turned to ashes. Just like the previous two times, after they were turned to dust, the dust instantly disappeared.

He had never encountered such a situation before, nor had he heard of it before. He did not know what was going on!

"This is going to be troublesome!" Chen Xiang held his chin and thought about the reason.

No matter how he thought about it, he couldn’t come up with a solution. Thus, he could only take out the medicinal ingredients and start the fourth refining process.

This time, he only used the flame to burn for a moment before stopping. The rest of the time, he observed the changes of the medicinal herbs.

He was only doing it to confirm his guess!

An hour later, the three medicinal herbs suddenly turned into ashes and disappeared.

Previously, he had guessed that the moment the three medicinal herbs came into contact with the flames, they would turn into ashes within an hour.

"What kind of medicinal herb is this? To think that it would be so delicate and expensive. Just a touch of flame and it would be dead!" Chen Xiang felt that it was inconceivable. If he couldn’t touch the flames, how could he refine it? This was simply impossible to refine!

Right now, he could only search through the Heavenly Alchemy and see if he could find a solution to this problem. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

He studied for a few days, but was unable to find any methods. This made him feel extremely helpless. He wanted to ask someone else, but he didn’t know who to ask.

Even if he went to the Master Wang to look for him, he wouldn’t be able to help if he encountered such a problem.

"Forget it, I’ll just cultivate the World Defying god fire first. Maybe I can use the World Defying god fire to refine it!" Chen Xiang had memorized the World Defying god fire’s mental cultivation method before, and now he was trying to understand the deep meaning behind it.

In order to understand the contents of the book, he had spent a whole year reading it, but he had only managed to understand a few sentences.

At this time, the Time Ghost also wanted to rest, the power of time had been withdrawn.

He had been inside for a year, and it was only the past day outside, which saved him a lot of time.

"The World Defying god fire is powerful indeed!" Chen Xiang didn’t know it before, but after he tried to comprehend the contents inside, he realized how terrifying the World Defying god fire was.

What he found inconceivable was that this type of flame did not have a formless and colorless form. After using it, it would not be like the other flames, with all kinds of colors and shapes.

World Defying god fire could not see it, but she could feel the temperature. As for how high the temperature she could feel, Chen Xiang was not clear about that.

Right now, he only had a simple understanding of World Defying god fire, as well as a basic cultivation method.

The World Defying god fire could only be cultivated in the World Defying Stage, and he had to start cultivating now, he was not sure if he could succeed either, so he could only try.

He waited for a few days, and after the Time Ghost finished resting, he gave the two hundred billion Dao crystal to the Time Ghost.

He was going to start training the World Defying god fire according to the mantra!

World Defying god fire s were even harder to cultivate than Chen Xiang imagined. They needed to condense a large amount of Dao energy to become World Defying god fire s.

Right now his cultivation was only at the early stage of the Venerable ancestor realm, although his cultivation could compare to mid stage or even late stage of the Venerable ancestor realm, it was still extremely strenuous for him to cultivate it, even after releasing all of his cultivation, it was still difficult for him to form the World Defying god fire.

"I should be able to condense a World Defying god fire. My body’s strength and Dao power have already reached the standard. As long as I try a few more times, I will definitely succeed." Chen Xiang knew that it was impossible for him to condense an extremely strong World Defying god fire in an instant, but condensing a small amount of World Defying god fire was still possible.