Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was also very much looking forward to the World Defying god fire, and when he thought about how he could cultivate such a strong flame, he had a lot of motivation, and continuously tried it out.

Forming the World Defying god fire required a lot of Dao power, so he was now using 90% of his Dao power to condense it.

He had to gather so much Dao energy in his body and then do it according to the mantra. However, why did you have to use World Defying god fire s all the time?

He kept trying like this every day. Initially, he felt that 90% of his Dao Energy was insufficient, and then he used all the Dao Energy in his body to try. However, he still could not succeed.

Just like this, he continued to try every day, and in the blink of an eye, a year had passed. In this year, he constantly repeated one thing every day, he did not remember how many times he had failed, he only knew that he had to cultivate a World Defying god fire, and no matter how many times he failed, he could not give up.

If he gave up, all his efforts would have been in vain!

Furthermore, he felt that after cultivating the World Defying god fire, he would be able to refine the Nine-turn Yuanzun Dan. This way, condensing the World Defying god fire would become extremely important.

"I must succeed!" Chen Xiang had been trying for so many days, and he clearly knew why he couldn’t succeed. The main reason was that the flow of his dao energy still wasn’t smooth enough.

When he mobilized his dao energy inside the Six souls, it would rush out fiercely from within the Six souls. Then, he needed to let the dao energy flow out from his dao veins in the shortest time possible, and then pass through the profound door. In the end, he would gather the dao energy and circulate it according to the chant of the mental cultivation method to his entire body.

Right now, he knew that he hadn’t done enough in the previous stage. Although he could move smoothly in the previous stage, it was still slow.

Actually, he was not slow either, because he could complete it in an instant, but it was still a lot slower than the process of forming the World Defying god fire.

For this, he still had to practice harder. Only by repeating the process over and over again would he be able to make himself faster and faster, and finally succeed.

The Time Ghost did not know what Chen Xiang was doing. In the past, he could only know that Chen Xiang was either refining pills or cultivating. But now, Chen Xiang was meditating in this room every day, it did not seem like he was cultivating.

"The third time!" Time Ghost said: "I can begin, give me the Dao crystal!"

After Chen Xiang gave the Time Ghost Dao crystal, he began cultivating his World Defying god fire.

... ....

Half a year later, Chen Xiang suddenly spread open his palm, he looked at the heat emitted from his palm, and was instantly ecstatic, because he had already successfully cultivated the World Defying god fire!

The World Defying god fire was indeed formless and colorless, so currently, there seemed to be nothing on Chen Xiang’s palm except for Chen Xiang who knew that a mysterious World Defying god fire was burning in his own palm.

"It’s not that hot!" Chen Xiang could only feel a hint of heat, but he knew that the temperature of this World Defying god fire was extremely scary.

The other flames were usually emitting scorching hot auras, which was why they looked so terrifying! But World Defying god fire were different. Even if Chen Xiang did not intentionally hide it, the flames themselves could control the heat and release it internally.

Therefore, the temperature inside the World Defying god fire was extremely scary!

"My Dao Energy is limited. Even with all my strength, I can only condense this little bit!" Chen Xiang let out a light breath, closed his eyes, and allowed himself to recover quickly. In this way, he would be able to have a very good mental state to condense the World Defying god fire. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

After resting for a while, he took out Tianchuang furnace s and the materials to refine them. He was prepared to use the World Defying god fire s to refine this kind of strange medicine.

"Even though the World Defying god fire is only a tiny bit, the temperature that this tiny bit of flame releases is much more terrifying than the World Creation Flame that I condensed with all my might. This should be enough to help me refine the Nine-turn Yuanzun Dan." Chen Xiang was extremely confident in this flame.

Very quickly, he began to refine. He placed the World Defying god fire that he had formed before into the pill furnace to burn the three purple medicinal ingredients.

Just like before, after the three purple colored medicinal ingredients were burnt by the flames, there was no reaction, which made Chen Xiang knit his brows.

Right now, he could only patiently wait for an hour!

This was because that medicinal plant would react after an hour and only then would one know how effective it was.

As he patiently waited, Chen Xiang also felt a bit apprehensive. If he did not succeed, he could only find other ways to quickly break through the Venerable ancestor realm.

As for what he could do, he had no idea.

Very quickly, an hour had passed and Chen Xiang was extremely disappointed, because those three purple colored medicinal herbs were still turned to ash, and then, they disappeared.

Just when he was disappointed, he suddenly felt that the World Defying god fire in the furnace had a very strange reaction.

Previously, when he was controlling this kind of World Defying god fire, it was very pleasing to his heart, but now, this kind of World Defying god fire had become very irritable, and actually wanted to struggle free from his control.

"What’s going on?" Chen Xiang immediately suppressed the World Defying god fire, and when he did, he sensed that there was an extremely shocking change to the World Defying god fire.

Within his Tianchuang furnace, a ball of purple light had actually appeared!

"Purple blob of light? Could it be the form of the three medicinal ingredients that were refined earlier? " Chen Xiang suddenly understood that the three medicinal herbs had not disappeared even after turning to ashes, but they were still in a very special form.

That form was the same as the World Defying god fire, they were both formless and colorless, so he could not observe them and mistook them for having disappeared!

And now, because of the existence of the World Defying god fire, it could be seen after those medicinal ingredients were refined.

Chen Xiang guessed that it was because the World Defying god fire had absorbed the power of the medicine, and he could sense the World Defying god fire. Furthermore, with the World Defying god fire’s own characteristics, it had changed the concealed form of the medicine. In the end, it revealed its true form.

"Looks like I’ll be succeeding soon!" Chen Xiang was suddenly excited, he then used his previous refining techniques to refine this ball of purple light.

"This pill requires World Defying god fire to refine. Does the creator of this pill know about World Defying god fire?" Chen Xiang thought.

He felt that the World Defying god fire was just like a container, able to absorb the Nine-turn Yuanzun Dan’s medicinal herbs, which was the special medicinal effect of the Nine-turn Yuanzun Dan, in order for this medicinal effect to be noticed by others.

Only when he was observed and felt could he undergo refinement. The state of concealment that he was in previously, was something that Chen Xiang could not see nor sense. It was like disappearing, there was nothing he could do about it.

"Alright, I’m about to succeed." Chen Xiang had already compressed that ball of purple mist bit by bit as the purple mist started to contract, condensing into a small ball of purple light.

Not long after, a purple pellet appeared within the Tianchuang furnace. Chen Xiang had finally refined the Nine-turn Yuanzun Dan!