Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang held onto the Nine-turn Yuanzun Dan and let out a long sigh. He had struggled for more than two years and had finally succeeded in refining it.

"I wonder how effective it will be. If it doesn’t have any effect, I will definitely find the Half-ghost Old Man to scold him." Chen Xiang put the pellet into his mouth and swallowed it.

The moment he ate it, the Nine-turn Yuanzun Dan melted and the medicinal power rushed into his Divine Sense Sea s. The Six souls in his Divine Sense Sea was connected by six purple rivers.

The six divine beasts of the Six souls s had their chests poured into by the purple river and were constantly imbuing them with that purple energy.

In just a short while, Chen Xiang already felt strong indications of Six souls. Even though it was still relatively slow, the effect could still be seen.

If he did not have the help of the medicinal pellets, he would have to spend a lot of time to cultivate in the Venerable ancestor realm. Even if he used the time power of the Time Ghost, he would still need a lot of time.

However, if he were to use pellets, then he only needed to borrow the Time Ghost’s time power to refine a few more pellets, and then eat them to cultivate outside. This way, he could save a lot of time and Dao crystal.

Very quickly, this pellet was refined by him, and the effect made him very satisfied. This was because the Nine-turn Yuanzun Dan still had a lot of room for improvement.

For example, he could use the Crash method to refine it.

The Nine-turn Yuanzun Dan s were very hard to refine at the beginning, but it would be very easy at the end.

In the past two years, Mei Jing Sisters and Long Qiumu had grown many Nine-turn Yuanzun Dan’s medicinal ingredients, so Chen Xiang did not lack any medicinal ingredients at all. What he lacked most was just time.

"If that’s the case, I should be able to breakthrough very soon." Chen Xiang chuckled, then took out the medicine ingredients to continue refining. He planned to refine dozens of pills in one go, and then eat outside.

With his previous experience of success, his next refining speed was much faster than before. However, he would have to add a collision step later. This would slow down the time, but it would bring a lot of benefits.

Half a year later, he had refined fifty Nine-turn Yuanzun Dan that had gone through three stages of Crash. Now, he too was leaving the Time Ghost’s room, and was prepared to find a safe place to eat and cultivate.

Just as he reached the wide path of the Divine Ghost Imperial Country, his Communication jade Symbol paper suddenly trembled, and he quickly took it out.

"It’s Long Tengyun’s!" Chen Xiang had previously given Long Tengyun a piece of Communication jade Symbol paper.

Earlier, Long Tengyun went to the Dead Land to look for the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor. Now that he was able to send a message to Chen Xiang, it meant that he had already left the Dead Land, but was still within the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

"Chen Xiang, are you still in Myriad Tao Mausoleum? I found some clues related to the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor. Long Tengyun sent out a message.

"Where are you in Colorful Forest? I’ll go over right now! " He had stayed in the Time Ghost for three years, but not much time had passed outside. He calculated, and adding the time he had spent searching for the mysterious array, it would only be two or three months since Long Tengyun had entered the Dead Land.

Chen Xiang did not expect him to come out so quickly, and even found some clues!

The fact that the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor was actually here was good news for Chen Xiang. At least, he wouldn’t need to worry about being hunted down by the strong High Priest, and he wouldn’t need to worry about the World Defying dragon demon coming and exterminating him after it revived.

Long Tengyun was still hiding in the Colorful Forest. After contacting him, Chen Xiang found out where he was and immediately rushed over.

Very quickly, he arrived at the place where Long Tengyun was hiding.

"Senior, do you have any clues?" Seeing Long Tengyun, Chen Xiang anxiously asked, as Long Tengyun did not tell him about it in the communication talisman, and wanted to talk about it.

Just as Chen Xiang asked, he found out that Long Tengyun’s condition was not very good, he was actually injured!

Long Tengyun’s strength was not on par with the High Priest’s, he was considered one of the top existences beneath the World Defying Stage, but he still suffered from heavy injuries, so who actually injured him?

"The Dragon Ancestor is indeed in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, and with the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor!" Long Tengyun sighed: "They are inside the Dead Land, but... But... "Sigh ..."

"Senior, what happened to your injury? Is it related to the Dead Land? " The Dead Land sounded very mysterious. From the words Long Tengyun had said just now, could tell that the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor and the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor might have met with some trouble inside.

Long Tengyun nodded his head, "I was chased all the way here. Luckily, they met some blood colored people on the way here and fought with them, so I could safely hide!"

"Chased down?" Chen Xiang found it even more strange, "What happened to the two ancestors in Dead Land? What did you meet in there? "

"They’re in terrible shape inside, trapped! I don’t know much, but this Myriad Tao Mausoleum isn’t as simple as we think. The situation is extremely complicated. " Long Tengyun said: "When I was in Dead Land, I encountered a wisp of the Dragon Ancestor’s soul fragment. After I had a simple conversation with this wisp of his soul fragment, I was attacked by a group of black-robed people."

"The black-cloaked person is extremely powerful. I haven’t even exchanged ten moves with them before I was severely injured by them. After that, I fled all the way here."

Chen Xiang took in a breath of cold air. Long Tengyun was so powerful, to think that he would be heavily injured after less than a hundred exchanges with his opponent! From this, it could be seen that the group of people before him were all as strong as Long Tengyun.

"Is the Dead Land related to World Defying dragon demon?" Chen Xiang thought for a while, then asked.

"It doesn’t matter. Although the Flying Dragon Pagoda is holding the World Defying dragon demon, the World Defying dragon demon is not a big threat to the two forefathers. The biggest threat is the fellow inside the Dead Land! Dragon ancestor told me, the original intention of this Myriad Tao Mausoleum was to lure that fellow in and trap him inside, and World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor was the bait. "

"Even though we successfully lured him in and sealed him inside the Dead Land, that guy is becoming more and more powerful ... "That’s all I know."

Long Tengyun’s face became extremely ugly. The Flying Dragon Pagoda was facing the crisis of the World Defying dragon demon’s revival, and the inside of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum had also become very unstable.

If the worst really happened, they didn’t know where to hide. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Don’t worry!" Chen Xiang patted Long Tengyun’s shoulder, "Senior, you should heal your injuries first, we will definitely have a way to get through this."

Long Tengyun nodded his head, and said: "Chen Xiang, you better make a trip to Dead Land because that wisp of Dragon Ancestor’s soul fragment is still inside, before he can even finish speaking to me, I’m already being attacked! And you have a very strong concealment technique. I think you should be able to discuss this matter with Dragon Ancestor.