Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The incomparably powerful two patriarchs of the World Defying Stage were actually trapped inside, and they were even trapped inside the Myriad Tao Mausoleum they had constructed. Chen Xiang only wanted to know who it was that had trapped them.

"Are you sure those guys won’t find me?" Chen Xiang naturally wanted to go to the Dead Land and ask about the soul of the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor, as long as he knew what was going on there.

"There are a lot of them, but they are not the type that should be paid attention to, if not I would not have easily mixed in. In short, right now the Dead Land is their territory, the Dragon Ancestor and the others cannot leave the Dead Land, only having a portion of their souls wandering around inside." Long Tengyun said.

"Okay, I will go and tell me the location of that soul fragment. I wonder if I can find it by rushing over now." Chen Xiang said. He had already decided.

Long Tengyun told Chen Xiang the location of the soul fragments, and then Chen Xiang immediately headed to Dead Land.

Long Tengyun would stay in the Colorful Forest and wait for Chen Xiang to come back.

Previously, Chen Xiang had brought Long Tengyun to Dead Land before, and he already knew which direction the Dead Land was in. Now, he could teleport there in half a day.

Currently, he was only outside of Dead Land, he did not know what kind of dangers lay deep inside, and would not rashly teleport there.

This was why he could walk, and walk from the outside. This way, he could slowly remove the Dead Land’s mysterious veil.

The Dead Land s were all black. When Chen Xiang stepped onto the black ground, he grabbed a handful of black soil to examine it carefully.

"What a strange soil, it actually contains a very rich life force!" Chen Xiang never thought that he would have to use his fire to burn the soil to refine the power of life.

He immediately made a pile of soil and placed it in the You Yao Mountain Villa, letting her know.

"This is a very fertile soil!" Jiang Sijing was shocked: "Even if it’s us, it would take us tens of thousands of years to use a large amount of life force to nourish this soil."

Chen Xiang was very surprised. From the name of the Dead Land, it seemed like it was related to the evil of death, but the soil here was actually so fertile. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

But why is there not a single plant here?

"Hurry up and bring in more." Jiang Simei said: "If we use these to grow medicinal herbs, then its growth rate will be even faster ... How much of this soil is there? "

Chen Xiang looked around and said, "A lot, they are everywhere ... But why is it that even though the soil is so good, not a single blade of grass grows on it? "

Chen Xiang roughly told them about the situation here.

Not only was this place barren, there was also the possibility of a large group of demons hiding here.

"You should plant something outside." Jiang Sijing said: "If there are other reactions, we can find the problem within ... In short, from our point of view, there is no problem with this soil. "

Chen Xiang took out some of the fastest growing grass seeds and placed them on the ground, before watering the World God’s Spring.

Very quickly, the grass seed began to sprout, and in a short period of time, it had grown to the height of half a person. In less than an hour, it had already sprouted a few acres of grass, and the speed of its growth was so fast that Chen Xiang could only click his tongue.

"No problem!" Just as Chen Xiang finished speaking, a gust of wind suddenly blew over, causing the green grass and grass to slightly rustle.

Chen Xiang looked at the lively grass and couldn’t help but smile, but when the wind blew, the grass suddenly withered, all of the grass’ life force was instantly sucked dry by the wind, almost all of it disappearing in the blink of an eye.

Now, Chen Xiang understood why the soil here was fertile but not growing at all. It turned out that there was a strange wind that could quickly devour life force!

"What ghost wind is this?"

Chen Xiang suddenly felt his own life force being drained, and luckily he managed to react in time. Using the power of space, he was not affected by the gust of wind when he was cut off from the space.

Chen Xiang was sure that there was no problem with the soil here, it was because of the wind that could suck out their vitality quickly, causing no plants here.

After confirming that there was nothing wrong with the soil, Chen Xiang started to transport the soil in handfuls towards his Divine Sense Sea World.

He planned to let all the places in the Divine Sense Sea World that he could store soil be covered with this black soil. As long as he grew plants on top of the soil, it would not look so black and ugly.

"Alright, this Dead Land is pretty big, it should be big enough to fill my Divine Sense Sea World." Chen Xiang then unceremoniously transported the black soil to Divine Sense Sea World.

He already had the strength of Venerable ancestor realm, and he had a large group of Mouse Man s below him to loosen up the soil, so he quickly dug out a lot of soil.

"This soil is only thirty meters deep, but it is still extremely bouncy." After Chen Xiang dug further down, he realized that the black soil did not go all the way down, it was only that there was this black soil on the surface that was around thirty meters.

In the following ten days, he used an extremely fast speed to dig out a large piece of black soil from the Dead Land and placed it inside his own Divine Sense Sea World.

If the area he dug up was filled with water, it would be a very large lake.

Chen Xiang still remembered the important thing that caused him to enter this place. Right now, he had to speed deeper into the Dead Land to search for the soul fragments of the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor.

"I wonder if this fellow has run around!" Chen Xiang had hidden himself just in case the black robed man discovered him.

When Long Tengyun was previously injured by the black robed man, his injuries could already be considered serious. From this, it could be seen just how terrifying the black cloaked man was.

If he were to encounter one and be attacked from all sides, he would definitely be unable to withstand it.

Chen Xiang searched according to Long Tengyun’s instructions, but didn’t find any soul fragments of the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor. Instead, he found traces of many fights, as well as Long Tengyun’s footprints.

It could prove that Long Tengyun was right, there was indeed an intense battle going on here.

"The soul of the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor is already gone. How can I find it?" Chen Xiang had originally planned to send out Mouse Man to help him search, but that strange wind would appear in the depths of the cave from time to time.

After thinking about it, Chen Xiang also felt that he could only release the Mouse Man to help him search.

"If you meet any strange wind, let Mouse Man burrow deep into the ground to hide." That was what Chen Xiang had done when he told Mouse Man to dig the black soil.

In order to quickly find the soul of the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor, he sent out thousands of rats to search for it. He did not make the Heaven devouring rat turn into a human, it would be very conspicuous, after it becomes a mouse, it would be the same color as the black soil, and would be hard to find.

In addition, these rats were very fast. Even if they encountered the black-robed man, they would be able to escape.