Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The Dead Land was lifeless to begin with, when thousands of rats suddenly appeared. Although the aura of life released by them was weak, the black-robed man who had been looking for them all year round could sense it. <>

After they sensed the presence of life, they immediately went to find the source of the aura. What confused them was that there were a lot of life auras coming from all directions. They had never encountered such a situation.

In the past, there were, but never so many auras. Even if it was a group of beasts, they would be weak if they were able to enter this place. Their life force had long since been sucked dry by the outside.

Chen Xiang controlled over a thousand Heaven devouring rat, but he suddenly saw the black robed man that Long Tengyun mentioned. This black robed man was indeed powerful, but just after seeing him, they had already arrived.

"Two black-robed men in a group!" When Chen Xiang saw the black-robed man, he immediately controlled the Heaven devouring rat to drill deeper into the ground. The speed at which Chen Xiang drilled was extremely fast, and he even suddenly changed his direction from there.

However, even if Chen Xiang’s Heaven devouring rat managed to quickly avoid the black robed man’s attack, it had been killed after it could feel a tremor. It had lost contact with the black robed man!

"He actually used such a powerful force to kill my rat!" At this time, Chen Xiang could feel a strong vibration reaching him from where he was.

At the same time, the strong vibrations came from all directions. It was caused by the Heaven devouring rat being attacked by extremely strong forces.

Not long after, ten Heaven devouring rat were killed.

"They actually knew that my Heaven devouring rat was moving so quickly. It looks like they have no choice but to hide deep underground." Chen Xiang could not control the Heaven devouring rat to go deeper into the ground, otherwise it would not take long for it to be all killed.

Unexpectedly, there were many people in black robes here. Otherwise, it would have been impossible for them to kill his mice in such a short amount of time.

After controlling the Heaven devouring rat deep inside, the Dead Land became much quieter. Otherwise, the Heaven devouring rat would be discovered very quickly and be attacked and killed by the black-robed men with his extremely strong power.

Although the Heaven devouring rat had hidden deep underground, it could still sense the situation on the ground. Through the Heaven devouring rat, he found out that the black cloaked man was flying on the ground. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"I wonder if I can find the soul of the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor?" Chen Xiang was also flying in the air at the moment, but he had already hidden himself, concealing any presence so that the black-robed man would not be able to detect him.

Chen Xiang continued to search for the soul fragments of the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor, and at the same time, used the Heaven devouring rat s to test his strength. Finally, he discovered that the black-robed people were extremely sensitive to life force, even if it was just a tiny bit.

As for the Heaven devouring rat, it was hiding deep underground. Although it was releasing its life force, it was sealed off by the thick black soil.

Chen Xiang did not know when he would be able to find the soul of the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor, nor did he know if the soul of the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor was still there. After all, it was only a wisp of soul that the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor had left behind, and was only used to contact the outside world.

"I can only continue to search." Chen Xiang planned to use a year’s time to search for it. If he did not find it within a year, he would treat it as a part of the soul of the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor being destroyed.

In the blink of an eye, a month had passed. During this time, he had accidentally let three Heaven devouring rat s appear and be killed by the black-robed man.

Right now, he also had a certain level of understanding towards the black-robed men. He had met them before, but they had never been discovered.

These black robed people had a very dense life aura around them. Their bodies were completely wrapped up and their faces could not be seen. They were all wearing a black robe and flying in the air with a very long greatsword in their hands.

Other than that, Chen Xiang also knew that these black robed men were not some kind of evil demon, because they did not have any extremely evil auras on their bodies.

For example, although Long Qiumu was a more gentle Dragon Demon, she still had some Evil Qi on her body.

This made Chen Xiang feel that the black-robed men were humans!

"I wonder what kind of origins these guys have. Judging from their auras, they are very similar to humans. Furthermore, they have such dense life force. It should be due to their vigorous auras." Chen Xiang had met quite a few black-robed men, but he did not make a move.

Most of the people in black robes were two-two. It seemed like there were only two of them, but as long as they met two, there would be a large group nearby.

The black gowned person was roaming around the center of the Dead Land like a net, the moment two of them were discovered, and they clashed, the other black gowned people would quickly rush over.

Because of this, Long Tengyun was heavily injured all of a sudden.

Following that, Chen Xiang searched for a few more months, and also wandered around the center of Dead Land. However, he didn’t find anything.

"Could it be deep underground?" Chen Xiang could only see a large group of black-robed men in the center of the vast Dead Land, but he didn’t discover anything.

Even though he hadn’t found anything after searching for a few months, he had already set a time to look for it for a whole year before withdrawing.

It had now been half a year!

In order to strengthen his search, he had released more Heaven devouring rat s to soar into the ground. In just a few short days, more than two hundred Heaven devouring rat were killed.

More than two hundred huge craters appeared in the Dead Land, all because of the Heaven devouring rat s that were attacking them.

"Whenever these black-cloaked men encounter a living being, they would attack with the same amount of strength. They would attack with their full strength, is this to ensure that they would be able to kill me in a single strike?" Chen Xiang realized that the black robed men were all exactly the same. The power they used was exactly the same as they used to fly.

Just as Chen Xiang was getting disappointed, one of his Heaven devouring rat was suddenly caught.

"What’s going on?" He hastily focused his attention on the Heaven devouring rat and upon closer inspection, he discovered that the Heaven devouring rat was actually in an underground stone room.

The one who caught his Heaven devouring rat was a dignified looking old man.

"Who are you?" Chen Xiang anxiously changed the Heaven devouring rat into human form and got rid of the old man’s hand.

When the old man saw that the Heaven devouring rat knew how to talk, he was extremely surprised.

"This Rat Emperor split his body into two, and what’s wrong with him turning into a human?" The old man said with a frown. He was also very curious about this.

"You know the Rat Emperor? "Who are you?" Chen Xiang was shocked, and asked through the Mouse Man.

He felt that this old man could very likely be the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor!

"It’s been many years since I last met him. Back then, it was not easy for him to escape from the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. In the end, he was sealed away." The elder’s stern face revealed an expression of reminiscence. He then sighed and said, "He should be dead by now!" [Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]