Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Are you the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor?" Chen Xiang asked, and at the same time rushed to the location of the Mouse Man. <>

"You know me?" World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor was slightly surprised, but he quickly thought of something and asked back, "Were you so lively these past few days because you came to find me?"

When Chen Xiang got close to the underground stone room, he teleported there.

"That’s right, I’ve been looking for you for more than half a year and lost quite a few of these rats." Chen Xiang said with a smile, then kept the Heaven devouring rat into the Rat emporer beads.

Seeing Chen Xiang’s Dragon Demonic Rat emporer beads, World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor felt that it was very familiar, but he did not ask any further. At this time, he was extremely interested in Chen Xiang, he kept having the feeling that Chen Xiang was giving him a very familiar feeling.

"Dragon Ancestor, you met Long Tengyun here before, old senior, right?!" Chen Xiang said: "At that time, he escaped after being injured by the black robed man, and after he found me, he told me to come here and find you, and now he has finally found me!"

This was only a part of the soul of the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor, so his strength was limited. Therefore, he had to hide underground, Chen Xiang did not expect his Heaven devouring rat to accidentally run to his hiding place.

Although the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor was only a soul fragment, he had a body. Just now, he was able to catch his Heaven devouring rat, but he was not strong, otherwise the Heaven devouring rat would not be able to struggle free so easily.

"It turns out that Teng Yun asked you to come ... "He is really reckless, coming here to find me is really too dangerous." World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor was extremely clear about the situation here.

But now that Chen Xiang had found him and he was safe and sound, he felt much better.

"Yes, he said you still had something you didn’t tell him before. Now that he’s heavily injured, let me do it." Chen Xiang laughed: "It’s really not easy finding you!"

Finding the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor also made Chen Xiang very happy.

Although he was a powerful Dragon Ancestor, he did not have any airs of arrogance. The divine artifact looked serious, but at the moment, he was giving Chen Xiang a very kind and gentle feeling.

After Chen Xiang sat down, the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor said: "Back then, I had spent a lot of energy to split this soul fragment in order to contact the outside world. Over the years, I have only seen Teng Yun, this little brat, but I only spoke a few words with him before I was attacked by the Evil Ancestral Demon Guards." FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"Are those black-robed men the Evil Ancestral Demonic Guards? Who is the Evil Ancestor? " Chen Xiang asked quickly.

"World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor! He is below us, right in the middle of the Dead Land. The Daofather, myself, and this fellow are all there. " The World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor said.

The three of them were actually trapped inside, Chen Xiang suddenly guessed the reason. Earlier, Long Tengyun said that the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor and the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor created the Myriad Tao Mausoleum to ’tempt’ that strong fellow.

Now that the three of them were sealed together, it was clear that World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor had planned to perish together with him.

"Back then, the Dao Ancestor lured the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor over here and after the war with the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor, both of them were injured. In order to seal the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor permanently, he had activated the super seal that he had secretly set up to seal both him and the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor."

"Later on, in order to help the Daofather kill World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor, I entered that seal. I thought that the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor was very easy to kill, but I didn’t expect that by the time I entered, his injuries would have already healed quite a bit. And the Daofather, in order to maintain the seal, consumed a lot of energy."

"In order to prevent the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor from recovering to its peak, I fought a battle with the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor inside, and in the end, both were injured."

World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor’s face was filled with helplessness, "I don’t know why World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor is so powerful, but his recovery rate is astonishing, and his recovery rate is faster than us. Luckily, we were able to always injure him when he was about to recover, and then the three of us fell into the same situation."

"But, this guy had kept his trump card! Originally, I had completely sealed the World Defying dragon demon inside the Flying Dragon Pagoda, but now that the World Defying dragon demon was about to be released, and many mysterious Evil Ancestral Devil Guards appeared outside as well. "

If the World Defying dragon demon removed the seal and came here, the consequences would be unimaginable!

"When the World Defying dragon demon and the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor join hands, the Dao Ancestor and I will definitely be suppressed by them. They can also destroy the Myriad Tao Mausoleum and release the many sealed monsters inside. When that happens, the world created by the Dao Ancestor will probably be destroyed." The World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor said.

Now, Chen Xiang had already ’understood’ that the World Defying dragon demon were created by the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor. Their relationship was the same as the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor’s and the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor’s, they originally had a master-servant relationship.

"Then what do we do now?" Chen Xiang asked: "The World Defying dragon demon is about to be resurrected, he is arranging some kind of high priest to help him ... ..."

Chen Xiang told the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor what had happened outside. He did not wish for the proud and peerless Dragon to gain power, if not, the Natural Law Divine Lord would have two great devils as followers. At that time, the Natural Law World would be even more dangerous.

From this, it could be seen that the evil forces within the Myriad Tao Mausoleum would definitely help the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor to get out unconditionally. As long as the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor came out, they would be able to destroy the entire Myriad Tao Mausoleum, and they would be able to leave the Myriad Tao Mausoleum to go to the wider world outside.

"You cultivate the Myriad Tao Divine Arts, right?" World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor grabbed Chen Xiang’s wrist, and checked Chen Xiang’s body.

Chen Xiang nodded, he already had a way to enter the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage in a short amount of time, but he didn’t know how to enter the World Defying Stage!

"Okay, after you go back, think of a way to get on the tenth stage of the Flying Dragon Experience Place. When you get there, you’ll find what I left behind!" The World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor said: "When you find the thing I left behind, go find Teng Yun and have him bring you to the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land, that place has a power that I inherited! Of course, the most important thing is that there are some important legacies left behind by me that can help you step into the World Defying Stage. "

Long Tengyun and the others lived in the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land, and should be living in there. After Chen Xiang memorized everything, he nodded his head and said, "Alright, I will definitely enter the World Defying Stage!"

Then quickly leave this place, it is getting more and more unsafe, many evil beings will come here from time to time to pay their respects to the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor, and if everything goes well, the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor will choose the right people from among the evil beings, and help them step into the World Defying Stage. The World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor said.

Chen Xiang thought of the Natural Law Divine Lord. This Natural Law Divine Lord was currently the Bone King of the White Bones Imperial, and he had great potential, and was also at the peak of the Venerable ancestor realm. If he could step into the World Defying Stage, then it would be even more difficult to deal with him in the future.

Chen Xiang bid farewell to the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor, and immediately left the Dead Land. He needed to quickly raise his strength, obtain the inheritance of the Dragon King, and step into the World Defying Stage.