Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Inside the Colorful Forest, Long Tengyun had been waiting for Chen Xiang for several months now and he started to worry about him. <>

Just as Long Tengyun was worrying worriedly all day, Chen Xiang suddenly came back, causing him to heave a long sigh of relief.

"I’m so worried!" Seeing that Chen Xiang was fine, Long Tengyun was relieved, and said to Chen Xiang: "Let’s go, we will go back now!"

Long Tengyun did not ask Chen Xiang if he had seen World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor, as he thought that Chen Xiang would not be able to find him, but Chen Xiang suddenly said: "I saw the Dragon Ancestor."

"Did you really see it?" Long Tengyun was surprised, and anxiously asked: "What did he tell you?"

Chen Xiang told Long Tengyun everything that he knew and what he knew.

When Long Tengyun heard it, he also felt that the situation wasn’t good, and when Chen Xiang was about to go to the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land, he also welcomed him very much.

"So you should go to the Flying Dragon Experience Place first. After you raise your cultivation in the Flying Dragon Experience Place, contact me. I will bring you to the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land." Long Tengyun said, he would definitely help Chen Xiang find the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor’s inheritance.

"Senior, once you return to the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land, you must not tell this matter to anyone else." Chen Xiang said: "I’m worried that there might be a spy from the World Defying dragon demon in Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land."

Long Tengyun nodded his head, Chen Xiang’s worries were not without reason. As the manager of the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land, Long Tengyun himself was worried about the people inside the secret realm.

Then, are you going to the Flying Dragon Experience Place now? Long Tengyun asked.

"Not for now!" Chen Xiang had already refined a Nine-turn Yuanzun Dan, but he just did not have time to eat it.

Chen Xiang left the Myriad Tao Mausoleum with Long Tengyun and returned inside the Flying Dragon Pagoda. After that, Chen Xiang returned to the little bat’s cave to cultivate.

After being refined using the Crash method, the quality of the Nine-turn Yuanzun Dan greatly increased. He felt that after consuming all the pills in his hands, he should be able to step into the middle stage of the Venerable ancestor realm. At that time, he might even be able to go to the tenth stage of Flying Dragon Experience Place.

The Nine-turn Yuanzun Dan was a pretty good pill, but Chen Xiang could not pass it down to the Master Wang and the Great Clan Elder to refine, because they needed the World Defying god fire to concoct this kind of pill, and it would not be easy for them to cultivate this kind of World Defying god fire.

"I can only refine it myself!" After Chen Xiang ate one pellet in the private room, he felt the power of the medicine refining and took out the Tianchuang furnace s, then continued to refine Nine-turn Yuanzun Dan s. Now, not only did he have to eat by himself, he also had to sell a few.

He did not have many Dao crystal left, he planned to enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum to search for the mysterious array to obtain the inheritance from them, but he felt that the mysterious array had many good inheritances, which would help him greatly increase his strength.

Nine-turn Yuanzun Dan s could strengthen the Six souls, and with the growth of the Six souls, they could release even stronger dao energy. At the same time, they could also strengthen the body, which was the main cultivation method of the Venerable ancestor realm.

Now that he had fifty Nine-turn Yuanzun Dan that were refined after the third level of the Crash method, he felt that he could definitely step into the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage.

"No, the refining speed is still too slow!" After Chen Xiang ate one pellet, he used ten days of time to refine it. To him, this was an extremely time-consuming task, because he still needed to eat several tens of them.

Helpless, he could only head to the Myriad Tao Mausoleum to look for the Time Ghost. He bought a year’s worth of time from the Time Ghost, refined thirty Nine-turn Yuanzun Dan, and successfully stepped into the middle stage of the Venerable ancestor realm!

"My strength has increased by a lot, but according to my current situation, if I want to step into the late stage, I need even more Nine-turn Yuanzun Dan!" Chen Xiang estimated that it would probably take more than 300 pills.

"Middle to late stage is also a huge hurdle, especially for me!" Chen Xiang’s Six souls was very special, it were six very powerful divine beasts.

"It’s a good thing I have Time Ghost’s help. Otherwise, I would need more time." Chen Xiang continued to refine Nine-turn Yuanzun Dan s here, he still had 20 left, all for Jiang Sijing to eat.

Their cultivation situation was not as complicated as Chen Xiang’s, so they only needed twenty pills. Moreover, they only needed to raise their cultivation.

Chen Xiang refined another fifty pills before he left Myriad Tao Mausoleum. He stayed in Time Ghost’s room for two years, but two days had passed outside.

After leaving the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, Chen Xiang headed towards the Flying Dragon Experience Place, and arrived at the Fourth Flying Dragon Experience Place in a single breath. Then, he took out the message jade to contact the Flying Dragon Palace Leader.

Flying Dragon Palace Leader was almost fully recovered, and was working hard to cultivate the Myriad Tao Divine Arts. He also wanted to break through to World Defying Stage, as it would be extremely enticing to him.

Little Bat and Lin Jitian followed Flying Dragon Palace Leader to cultivate, and Chen Xiang managed to contact him very quickly.

Flying Dragon Palace Leader could go to the seventh platform, but Little Bat and Lin Jitian couldn’t, so they could only stay here at the fourth platform with them. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Chen Xiang was currently in the middle stage of the Venerable ancestor realm, but when he was at the fourth Flying Dragon Experience Place, he still found it extremely difficult to do so, and it was also as if he was carrying a huge mountain on his shoulder, causing him to feel extremely heavy.

"This Flying Dragon Experience Place is truly evil!" When Chen Xiang was at the third Flying Dragon Experience Place, he could only barely stand up, but after going to the third stage to test it out, he was already able to fly very easily.

He found Flying Dragon Palace Leader, who was training with Little Bat and Lin Jitian.

The little bat is a Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, it looked to be relatively easy, but Lin Jitian is not.

Therefore, when Chen Xiang arrived, he gave Lin Jitian twenty Nine-turn Yuanzun Dan to eat. This way, he could make a breakthrough.

The Fourth Flying Dragon Experience Place had recovered very well. With the help of the Dragon and Tiger, he did not feel any pressure from the Fourth Flying Dragon Experience Place.

When Chen Xiang told him about the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor, he was very surprised.

"Going to the 10th platform is not easy. Even for the current me, it’s extremely difficult to get there." Flying Dragon Palace Leader said: "I can barely make it to the eighth stage now."

"Why is it so hard?" Chen Xiang felt that he could at most make it to the seventh place.

"The cultivation of the Flying Dragon Experience Place is an existence that continuously unearth the potential. Although I have been in the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage for a very long time, I have many potential points that I have yet to unleash, unless I can reach the tenth stage." The Flying Dragon Palace Leader said: "The development of the Flying Dragon Experience Place’s human potential is only support, and if you do not work hard, there is no point in cultivating here."

"I was like this before. No matter how I trained, I could not walk the eighth stage easily. Now that I have the Myriad Tao Divine Technique, perhaps I can develop even more potential." [Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]