Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Flying Dragon Palace Leader had been in the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage for many years and had not been able to improve much. Now, he placed all his hopes of breaking through on the Myriad Tao’s Divine Arts.

"I am still not very familiar with the Myriad Tao’s mystical techniques, so I will stay here for a period of time. You can give it a try and see if you can reach a higher level of the Flying Dragon Experience Place." Flying Dragon Palace Leader did not plan to go up with Chen Xiang.

"Good!"

If it was in the past, Chen Xiang would need Flying dragon bead s to go up, but now, he didn’t need them. After cultivating the Myriad Tao Divine Arts, he learnt it from the Myriad Tao Divine Arts to break through the limitations of space.

Chen Xiang quickly arrived at the Fifth Flying Dragon Experience Place!

After arriving here, he could only barely walk. It was impossible for him to fly, and even walking was extremely difficult. He had only walked for an hour before he fell flat on his stomach, panting for breath.

"This Flying Dragon Experience Place is truly terrifying. Even though I used up all of my Dao energy to resist the pressure, I was still in the same state." Chen Xiang lied on the ground, panting. He looked at a very black dot in the air, which was the Sixth Flying Dragon Experience Place. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

His final target was the tenth Flying Dragon Experience Place, and he didn’t know when he would be able to reach that place.

"I’ll go out and try!" Long Qiumu who was inside the You Yao Mountain Villa suddenly ran out. As soon as she came out, she frowned: "The Fifth Flying Dragon Experience Place is not simple!"

Long Qiumu was from the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, her strength was much stronger than Chen Xiang. Furthermore, she was a Dragon Demon, so her body was extremely strong.

"Yes, I don’t know how long I’ll be here." If Chen Xiang wanted to go to the Tenth Flying Dragon Experience Place, he would have to stay there to cultivate. Even if he consumed pills and reached the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, without cultivating in the Flying Dragon Experience Place, he was still unable to reach the highest cultivation level in the Flying Dragon Experience Place.

In the following months, Chen Xiang and Long Qiumu trained together, familiarizing themselves with the pressure here, it was extremely difficult to start cultivation, one needed to rest many times, and the consumption was huge, but luckily they all had their pill questions to replenish.

In just half a year, Chen Xiang made an extremely huge breakthrough, and Long Qiumu was the same!

"I can fly now, maybe I can try the Sixth Flying Dragon Experience Place." Long Qiumu laughed out loud. At this moment, she was floating in the air and looking at Chen Xiang who was on the ground.

Chen Xiang was still unable to fly, so it was extremely difficult for him to float.

"Well, I’ll be able to fly too soon." Chen Xiang could only continue to cultivate. While enduring the pressure, he circulated the Myriad Tao Divine Technique to absorb the special Dao Energy, causing his Myriad Tao’s Golden Body to become stronger.

Although he could not fly, but it was already an arduous task for him to run while he was only in the middle stage of the Venerable ancestor realm. Long Qiumu felt that Chen Xiang would quickly reach her level, while she was at the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage.

Looking at the back of Chen Xiang who was trying his best to run, Long Qiumu sighed in her heart, she felt that Chen Xiang would surpass her soon.

"Could it be because of the Myriad Tao Divine Art?" "He’s at the middle stage of the Venerable ancestor realm, and already has my strength now!" Long Qiumu imagined his battle with Chen Xiang in his mind. He felt that his odds of winning were not high, because Chen Xiang could use the power of space in a very mysterious way.

Chen Xiang, who was in the middle of running, did not run a single step. His trembling body was affected by the pressure, as if he was being constantly hammered by a huge hammer.

Every time his body was overwhelmed with pain, a chilling energy would flow into his body. That cool energy was the special energy contained within the Flying Dragon Experience Place. It could help a person cultivate the Golden Body of the Myriad Tao and also help them strengthen the Golden Body of the Myriad Tao.

In addition, it was still very young and possessed a strong Six souls!

"Oddly, I’m absorbing that energy faster and faster now. Is it because my body can hold more energy?" "Or was it because I was cultivating the Myriad Tao technique, causing my absorption speed to increase?" The faster Chen Xiang ran, the more pressure he would suffer and the more energy he would absorb.

After running for a few hours, Chen Xiang felt his body swelling and pain. It was all caused by the energy that entered his body.

"I can’t do it anymore, I have to refine that energy. Otherwise, I’ll be blown away." Chen Xiang sat cross legged and began to refine the strange energy that filled every part of his body.

After a period of refining, he discovered that the refining speed was extremely slow.

"What’s going on?" "You look swollen, round!" Long Qiumu walked over and poked her fat face with her jade fingers. She could not help but laugh: "You look so cute with your fat body!"

Chen Xiang rolled his eyes at her and said: "I feel so bad right now, but you’re still laughing at me!"

"What’s the matter with you?" "It felt like something was bulging!" Long Qiumu also felt that it was very strange.

"It’s all because of the energy here ...." Chen Xiang told Long Qiumu about his situation, making Long Qiumu very envious. She couldn’t even need this kind of absorption speed, but Chen Xiang’s absorption speed was much faster than her own.

Chen Xiang helplessly shook his head, then closed his eyes and continued to refine the pellet.

"Is this something that happened only now?" Long Qiumu asked.

"Yes, that’s strange!" Chen Xiang had only been able to circulate the Myriad Tao Divine Arts smoothly all of a sudden, which was why he encountered such a situation.

Long Qiumu had no other choice but to console Chen Xiang a bit, and then, he would cultivate once more.

Chen Xiang spent more than two hours to refine it, but he realized that he had not managed to refine it at all. This kind of energy had gathered inside his body, and was actually slowly gathering together.

"At this rate, it will take at least a year or so to finish!" Chen Xiang knew that absorbing energy was a good thing, but absorbing energy quickly and refining slowly was useless.

"I must find a way to absorb the Myriad Tao’s power quickly!" After Chen Xiang closed his eyes, World Defying god fire appeared in his mind.

"Right, let’s use the World Defying god fire to take a look!" In the past, when Chen Xiang cultivated, he would always treat his body as a medicinal ingredient and use the flames to refine it, just like refining pills.

Right now, he released a group of World Defying god fire s, allowing this lump of World Defying god fire hearts to flow within his body. He quickly discovered that wherever the World Defying god fire hearts went, the strange Myriad Tao energy that was gathered in his body was instantly refined and permeated into his muscles, bones, skin, and Six souls.

"So fast!" Chen Xiang was overjoyed.

After that, he only used six hours to completely refine all of the Myriad Tao’s power. 207 + 37872--&

...

...