Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

As he ran, his body seemed to become like a huge whirlpool, continuously devouring the power of the Myriad Tao. From afar, Long Qiumu could already see his body flashing with a weak golden light.

Chen Xiang was not bloated like before, when he was running, he had controlled the’s power that was flowing in and out of his body. This way, he could absorb the Myriad Tao’s power continuously for a long time and refine it at the same time.

Just like this, he ran for three days and three nights without stopping to rest!

"At this rate, I’ll soon reach the top of the Fifth Flying Dragon Experience Place." Chen Xiang looked at Long Qiumu who was running quickly in the dark night, and he also worked very hard.

After resting, Chen Xiang started cultivating again!

Half a year had passed, and the Fifth Flying Dragon Experience Place no longer felt any pressure towards Chen Xiang. While he was running, he didn’t absorb much of the Myriad Tao’s power, so the pressure here wasn’t enough to temper his body.

"It’s time to go up!" Chen Xiang looked at the Sixth Flying Dragon Experience Place above.

Long Qiumu ran over as she was drenched in sweat, pouting coquettishly, "You, there’s no pressure now, I feel like I can’t keep up with your pace!"

"Are we going to the Sixth Flying Dragon Experience Place now?" Here, Long Qiumu still felt a bit of pressure. Only when the Flying Dragon Experience Place was completely relaxed would it mean that his cultivation in the Flying Dragon Experience Place had reached the great perfection stage.

"No, I want to go to the Seventh Flying Dragon Experience Place!" Chen Xiang laughed, "I think you can only lie flat on the ground."

"You." Are you crazy? You didn’t even go to the sixth place, and now you’re going to the seventh! " Long Qiumu didn’t doubt Chen Xiang’s words. She wouldn’t even be able to stand up when she reached the seventh Flying Dragon Experience Place.

Back then, when Chen Xiang was in the Third Flying Dragon Experience Place, she had also made fun of Chen Xiang being unable to stand up. It was her turn.

She didn’t want to go at all, but she also didn’t want to leave Chen Xiang.

"Are you going or not?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Fine, I’ll go, don’t laugh at me when the time comes." Long Qiumu pouted.

"Then let’s go now!" Chen Xiang allowed Long Qiumu to enter the You Yao Mountain Villa, then he teleported himself high in the air and entered the Sixth Flying Dragon Experience Place.

Just as he had expected, although he could feel the pressure from the Sixth Flying Dragon Experience Place, it was not enough. Thus, he continued forward and arrived at the Seventh Flying Dragon Experience Place.

In here, even if he had difficulty moving, he could only run for an hour!

Long Qiumu had not come out from You Yao Mountain Villa yet, and she was currently eating the Nine-turn Yuanzun Dan that Chen Xiang gave her. This would be of some help to her.

"Come out and give it a try!" Chen Xiang laughed: "I think it’s alright!"

"Fine!" Long Qiumu knew that Chen Xiang was already outside more than ten times, and had already gotten a basic sense of familiarity with the Seventh Flying Dragon Experience Place.

After Long Qiumu came out of the You Yao Mountain Villa, he immediately laid on the ground, and found it difficult to stand up!

Chen Xiang chuckled as he walked over to help her up. Only then was she able to stand back up, but every step he took caused a tremor, which was extremely stimulating to the pressure, causing her to feel pain all over.

However, at the same time she was in great pain, the power she absorbed from the Myriad Tao was also astonishing! Although she was afraid of the Seventh Flying Dragon Experience Place, she still worked very hard. Since she was here, she might as well go all out.

After using all of her strength to walk a few dozen steps, she was finally exhausted. However, she had a lot of Myriad Tao’s power in her body, causing her body to swell and swell like before.

Chen Xiang came to her side, looked at her delicate breathing, and stretched out his hand to pinch her round face. Long Qiumu was already very tired, and could not resist at all.

"Enough!" Long Qiumu had finally recovered some strength as she pouted.

"Well, I’ll help you!" Chen Xiang gently held Long Qiumu’s jade hand, then released a trace of World Defying god fire that swam through her body, helping her to refine the Myriad Tao’s power.

Not long after, a large amount of Myriad Tao’s power was refined by Long Qiumu’s body, and she had recovered her spirit.

"So fast!" Now, she understood why Chen Xiang did not encounter such a situation before, and why his condition did not increase by leaps and bounds.

Previously, she thought that she would suffer unspeakably in the Seventh Flying Dragon Experience Place, but now, it didn’t seem to be much, because Chen Xiang was able to help her refine the Myriad Tao’s power.

"When you were in the Fifth Flying Dragon Experience Place, your speed of absorbing the Myriad Tao’s power was too slow, so you didn’t even feel full like this. This is the only place you can feel!" Chen Xiang replied: "Even if you go to the Sixth Flying Dragon Experience Place, it’s more or less the same, so it’s very correct for you to come here and train with your life on the line."

Long Qiumu nodded his head. As tired as he was in the Sixth Flying Dragon Experience Place, he might as well work himself to death in the Seventh Flying Dragon Experience Place. In comparison, the cultivation speed of the Seventh Flying Dragon Experience Place was much faster than the Sixth Flying Dragon Experience Place.

Of course, this was with Chen Xiang’s help!

"Alright, I will leave a trace of the World Defying god fire in your body and help you refine the Myriad Tao." Chen Xiang said: "You can control that World Defying god fire yourself." F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Chen Xiang had also made great progress in the use of World Defying god fire. Although he could not release them on a large scale, he could still control very little World Defying god fire.

Very quickly, they had already spent a year in the Seventh Flying Dragon Experience Place. At this time, the Seventh Flying Dragon Experience Place was still giving them a very strong pressure, which meant that they were still unable to go to the higher levels of the Flying Dragon Experience Place.

He... [,] Chen Xiang had brought Long Qiumu down to the Sixth Flying Dragon Experience Place to give it a try, but there was no pressure at all.

"If we cultivate here, we can go to the Ninth Flying Dragon Experience Place next time?" Long Qiumu asked.

"Yes, in another six months." Chen Xiang estimated that both he and Long Qiumu’s levelling speed would be extremely fast.

"You’re only at the middle stage of the Venerable ancestor realm, what would happen if you reached the late stage?" When Long Qiumu was together with Chen Xiang, she would often mistake him for having already broken through to the late stage, because she could clearly feel that Chen Xiang was stronger than her.

"Soon, I will step onto the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage. Sooner or later, the World Defying Stage will be the biggest challenge for me." Chen Xiang looked into the sky and clenched his fist.

He did not know what was happening in the Flying Dragon Pagoda, but no matter what happened, they did not have the power to fight the High Priest.

The highest level Flying Dragon Palace Leader only went to the Eighth Flying Dragon Pagoda, but did not stay for long!

After cultivating for half a year, Chen Xiang and Long Qiumu felt that they could already reach Ninth Flying Dragon Experience Place.

Long Qiumu had heard of something powerful going on in the Ninth Flying Dragon Experience Place. 207 + 37873--

...

...