Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang didn’t know anything about the matters above in the Ninth Flying Dragon Experience Place, but hearing it from Long Qiumu right now, made him feel more surprised. He had also not heard about the rumors in the Ninth Flying Dragon Experience Place from the Flying Dragon Palace Leader before.

"Qiu Mu, there’s something powerful in the Ninth Flying Dragon Experience Place. What is it?" "Is this news reliable?" Chen Xiang had originally planned to directly pass through the Eighth Flying Dragon Experience Place and straight to the Ninth by the time he finished cultivating here.

But if there was any strong and dangerous existence in the Ninth Flying Dragon Experience Place, then he would have to change his plan, because when he and Long Qiumu entered the Ninth Flying Dragon Experience Place, he would definitely be pressured by the strong pressure and wouldn’t be able to move, let alone fight.

"I’m not sure. I only heard my father mention it by chance. At the time, I didn’t think it had anything to do with me, so I didn’t ask."

Long Qiumu shook her head, she regretted not asking so much now, since this matter was extremely important to them.

"I can only ask Flying Dragon Palace Leader!" Chen Xiang had never asked Flying Dragon Palace Leader about this, nor did Flying Dragon Palace Leader tell him about it.

Chen Xiang let Long Qiumu enter the You Yao Mountain Villa.

"They should be in the Sixth Flying Dragon Experience Place now!" Chen Xiang made a few guesses and then headed to the Sixth Flying Dragon Experience Place, where he took out the Communication jade Symbol paper and made contact with the Flying Dragon Palace Leader.

As expected, Flying Dragon Palace Leader, Bat and Lin Zong all went to the Sixth Flying Dragon Experience Place. After Lin Zia ate the Nine-turn Yuanzun Dan that Chen Xiang gave him, he also broke through.

What made him even more surprised was that Lin Zizai could rely on those Nine-turn Yuanzun Dan s to train to the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage!

"To think that you have already gone to the Seventh Flying Dragon Experience Place, this is truly amazing!" Before, the Flying Dragon Palace Leader did not dare believe it. He felt that Chen Xiang could at most only be in the Sixth Flying Dragon Experience Place, however, when he came to the Sixth Flying Dragon Experience Place, he was unable to contact Chen Xiang because Ming Chen Xiang was not in the same Flying Dragon Experience Place as him.

Lin Jia and Bat were not relaxed at all, they could only run with great difficulty. Although they both had Venerable Ancestor Later-stage s, they were not as strong as Chen Xiang, who was in the middle stage of the Venerable ancestor realm.

"Palace Lord, I’m preparing to go to Ninth Flying Dragon Experience Place now, but I heard that there are powerful and mysterious existences there." Chen Xiang said: "It belongs to Long Qiumu’s father!"

Long Qiumu’s father was an old enemy of the Flying Dragon Palace Leader. Even though he had gone to the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, Chen Xiang had not met her father inside.

"I never imagined that the Dragon and Demon Ancestor would know of such a thing." Flying Dragon Palace Leader frowned, his expression serious.

At this moment, he was trying to recall something.

The Flying Dragon Palace Leader had lived for a long time. Back then, when the Flying Dragon Imperial Palace was still alive, he had already existed, but he was still very young then. So he knew a lot of things.

"There should be a powerful existence above Ninth Flying Dragon Experience Place. If I’m not mistaken, your previous Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land should be above Ninth Flying Dragon Experience Place!" Flying Dragon Palace Leader suddenly said: "There are many powerful old families in Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land, but your relationship with Long Tengyun is not bad, so you shouldn’t have to worry about anything when you go there."

The Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land was actually above the Ninth Flying Dragon Experience Place!

"I’m not sure. It’s just a guess!" "Of course, the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land would not be affected by the Ninth Flying Dragon Experience Place, but they could obtain the rich Myriad Tao’s power, so the people inside the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land would be much stronger." "The Flying Dragon Palace Leader continued," "If you go up, I recommend that you not go to Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land for the time being."

The Flying Dragon Palace Leader was not too worried about the people inside the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land. In his opinion, as long as someone was there, they would not be safe, even though those people were all descendants of the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor.

Chen Xiang had previously clashed with the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land before, and at that time, a young man wanted to capture his Mouse Man. After he found him, that person was ruthlessly beaten up.

"If it really is the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land, then I am much more at ease." Chen Xiang said: "I will go to the Ninth Flying Dragon Experience Place right now!"

"Alright, after you go up, cultivate for a while. When you can get used to the pressure on the Ninth Flying Dragon Experience Place, go to the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land." The Flying Dragon Palace Leader warned.

"Yes, I know!"

Chen Xiang greeted Bat and the others before heading to Ninth Flying Dragon Experience Place!

After passing through the Eighth Flying Dragon Experience Place, Chen Xiang felt that the pressure on the Eighth Flying Dragon Experience Place was not very strong.

When Chen Xiang came to the Ninth Flying Dragon Experience Place, the pressure he felt was not ordinary. It was already difficult for him to stand, but walking was!

"Let me go out and try!" When Long Qiumu was inside the You Yao Mountain Villa, he had already heard how terrifying Chen Xiang was outside.

After Chen Xiang let her come out, she immediately felt how terrifying the pressure of Ninth Flying Dragon Experience Place was. Even if she was forced to lie on the ground, she still had to bear the pressure, causing her face to be stuck on the ground, unable to raise her head.

Under the pressure of the invisible pressure, she felt a faint pain all over her body.

Previously, when she was in the Seventh Flying Dragon Experience Place, Chen Xiang was able to help her up.

"Much more terrible than I thought." After Chen Xiang walked a few steps, he was already unable to move. At this moment, he was slightly bending his body and slowly sat down.

And no matter how hard Long Qiumu tried, she couldn’t stand up, but when she tried, the pressure on her body made her feel intense pain. This still gave her a certain amount of cultivation use, and she could feel waves after waves of Myriad Tao’s power surging into her. Within his body ...

Chen Xiang and Long Qiumu were both using World Defying god fire to refine the Myriad Tao’s power, so their refining speed was extremely fast. Otherwise, their bodies would have expanded greatly due to the Myriad Tao’s power.

"Although it is a bit difficult, as long as you work hard to resist the pressure, a large amount of Myriad Tao’s power will enter your body." Chen Xiang laughed bitterly: "At least this is not bad. Right now, we only need to use a little more time to continue our cultivation. There will definitely be someone who can easily walk here."

Long Qiumu nodded his head, "Definitely, we will work hard together!" CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

The environment of the Ninth Flying Dragon Experience Place was just like the other Flying Dragon Experience Place s, it was not bad. The scenery here was beautiful with many beautiful plants and flowers, and the grass and trees were not affected by the invisible pressure, otherwise they would not have been able to grow.

Chen Xiang and Long Qiumu spent half a year quickly like this, and during this half a year, they had not come across anything powerful.

This made them feel even more at ease in their cultivation here.

At this time, Chen Xiang was already able to walk quickly, and he was able to stand up and walk slowly. Compared to half a year ago, they could already make enormous progress, especially in terms of raising their strength!

...

...