Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

This was mainly because of the effect of Chen Xiang’s World Defying god fire, otherwise they would not have been able to refine the Myriad Tao’s power so quickly!

According to their rate of absorption, just a single day would require them to refine it for a year and a half. If they did not have the World Defying god fire, it would take them hundreds, or even thousands, of years to reach this level of improvement.

Flying Dragon Palace Leader had only been able to enter the Seventh Flying Dragon Experience Place after so many years, and it was because he did not have a method to quickly refine it. But now that he did, cultivating the Myriad Tao Divine Arts would be even faster when refining the Myriad Tao’s power.

"If this goes on, we may only need a few years to be able to relax in the Ninth Flying Dragon Experience Place!" Now that she was much stronger than before, it was all because of Chen Xiang’s help.

"How many years? I think it will be faster! " Chen Xiang laughed: "When we are more or less done with our cultivation, we will go and see if there really is a Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land here!"

Chen Xiang suddenly remembered that he had given Long Tengyun a Communication Jade Charm. If Long Tengyun was on this Flying Dragon Experience Place, he would be able to send a sound transmission to Long Tengyun.

"Should I give him a message and give it a try?" Chen Xiang’s and Long Tengyun’s concern could be said to be pretty good, the kind that was worth trusting and trusting. However, Chen Xiang was a little worried about the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land behind Long Tengyun.

It was not that he was worried, it was because even Long Tengyun himself had a lot of suspicions regarding the people inside the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land, so when Chen Xiang told him not to tell the seniors in the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land about the matter regarding the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor, he nodded in agreement.

"It’s good to contact him. He should be careful." Long Qiumu said. She had always been in the You Yao Mountain Villa and was very familiar with Chen Xiang’s situation, especially what happened recently.

"Alright then!" If he is really here, let’s see if we can meet again. This way, I can learn a bit about the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land and the Tenth Flying Dragon Experience Place from him. " Chen Xiang reached out to Long Tengyun while holding the communication jade talisman.

Very quickly, Long Tengyun responded, "Chen Xiang, where are you? Why did I receive your transmission! "

Chen Xiang did not say that he was in Ninth Flying Dragon Experience Place just now, but now that he saw that Long Tengyun was able to reply immediately, it meant that Long Tengyun was in Ninth Flying Dragon Experience Place, so Long Tengyun was very surprised too.

"I’m in the Ninth Flying Dragon Experience Place!" Chen Xiang sent a message: "Senior, if it’s convenient, I will meet again. Right, I must keep this matter a secret!"

"Alright, no problem." Long Tengyun immediately agreed.

Chen Xiang told Long Tengyun his location, and said that he would be there in three days or so.

Although Chen Xiang was still unable to move freely on the Ninth Flying Dragon Experience Place, he didn’t have any obstructions when using the power of space. If he encountered danger, he could still rely on the power of space to avoid it.

Three days later, Long Tengyun informed Chen Xiang that he was nearby and Chen Xiang let him enter the You Yao Mountain Villa. Long Qiumu was a Dragon Demon, so Chen Xiang was worried that she would cause unnecessary trouble, hence he hid from her.

After Long Tengyun arrived and saw Chen Xiang, he exclaimed in shock: "You really came here, you’re way too fast!"

Long Tengyun remembered that he and Chen Xiang had only been separated for one or two years, but Chen Xiang had actually gone up to Ninth Flying Dragon Experience Place.

"There’s no other way. The situation is forced." Chen Xiang shook his head and laughed: "Senior, is Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land here?"

"Yes, the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land is located in a place with an extremely dense Myriad Tao energy! But I don’t suggest you go right now. " Long Tengyun said.

Chen Xiang could tell that Long Tengyun was in a bit of a difficult situation. He could immediately guess that the situation in the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land was not good.

"Your Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land is fighting for power?" Chen Xiang found it funny. He had met with this kind of thing quite a few times, but he never thought that the descendants of the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor would also do such a thing.

When he thought back to when he met the man who captured his Mouse Man, Chen Xiang knew that there must be something wrong with the people inside his Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land.

"Yes, it is more likely that chaos will arise during this time. Although I am in charge of managing the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land, you should know that where there are people, there will always be many large and small circles, big and small powers fighting openly and covertly." Long Tengyun said: "If you go now, and know that you are going after the inheritance of the dragon clan, those people who forget about benefits will definitely not agree."

"I do not plan to go now. World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor said that I will only go to the Tenth Flying Dragon Experience Place to retrieve the things he left behind."

"Oh right, Senior, have you been to the Tenth Flying Dragon Experience Place before?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I’ve been there. The tenth Flying Dragon Experience Place is completely different from the other Flying Dragon Experience Place!" Long Tengyun said as he furrowed his brows, "Of course, there is also a strong pressure there ... "The difference is that the environment up there isn’t that good, unlike the flowers, grass and trees everywhere."

"Is it dangerous up there?" Chen Xiang asked again, he would be going up to look for something in the future.

"It’s not dangerous. The few old fellows from our Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land don’t want to go up, because with their current strength, they can’t walk on stage properly." Long Tengyun laughed at himself: "I can’t do it even if I’m above, the pressure on top is too strong."

"So it’s like that!" Chen Xiang was looking forward to see the tenth Flying Dragon Experience Place. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"Will the thing left in the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land by the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor be taken away?" Chen Xiang was more worried about this. Now that the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land was in such a mess, he had no choice but to be worried.

"Don’t worry about this, without the Dragon Ancestor’s keepsake, we will not be able to enter the forbidden grounds within the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land. Although those old fellows want it, they have no other choice." Long Tengyun’s words made Chen Xiang feel a lot more at ease.

Chen Xiang and Long Tengyun chatted for a while before Long Tengyun returned. Right now, there were many things waiting for him in the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land to take care of.

After Long Tengyun left, Long Qiumu came out of You Yao Mountain Villa and continued her cultivation with Chen Xiang. She also wanted to become stronger quickly so she could head to the Tenth Flying Dragon Experience Place with Chen Xiang.

Just now, she already knew that the strongest few old fellows in the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land could not hold on for too long above the Tenth Flying Dragon Experience Place.

If she and Chen Xiang could cultivate to the Perfection Stage on the Tenth Flying Dragon Experience Place, at that time, they wouldn’t have to worry about those stubborn old fellows in the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land.

In the blink of an eye, Chen Xiang and Long Qiumu had already been in the Ninth Flying Dragon Experience Place for two years.

Chen Xiang felt that even if he faced Long Tengyun, he would still have the strength to fight!

"Are we going to the Tenth Flying Dragon Experience Place now?" Long Qiumu was already impatient. As long as he cultivated to the great perfection of the tenth Flying Dragon Experience Place, he would be equivalent to an existence at the peak of the Venerable ancestor realm. He might even be stronger than her father.

...