Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Long Qiumu’s current strength was not bad as well. She was a very good female dragon demon, a person who had been beaten up by the High Priest into a Purgatory for a few years and possessed an extremely high endurance. If she wasn’t worried about dying, she would definitely be able to hold on.

"Right now, I can’t even persevere. It seems like it will be difficult for me to cultivate to the Great Perfection Stage here!" Long Qiumu suddenly felt disheartened, her injuries had recovered quite a bit, but she knew very well of her own situation.

She knows that her own body is not strong enough, and is still lacking compared to Chen Xiang. At least, when Chen Xiang was resisting the pressure, he didn’t nearly lose his life like her. "

"You don’t have to worry about that. The two sisters will definitely think of a way to help you recover quickly!" Chen Xiang said: "You just need to learn from them seriously, if that doesn’t work, then I will find a way to keep you cultivating here."

Long Qiumu was a very strong helper. Last time, she used a lot of power to help Chen Xiang deal with Zhao Clan’s group.

"Alright!" Long Qiumu could only trust Chen Xiang now.

Chen Xiang himself already possessed astonishing recovery rate. Even if he was seriously injured, as long as he had time, he would be able to recover.

Now that he was using Dharmic powers to protect himself, he could lessen the pressure on his body a bit. It wouldn’t be so easy to defeat him at once.

Even so, Chen Xiang’s cultivation was still extremely arduous. His flesh was a mess of flesh and blood everyday and he had only just finished repairing it before he was torn apart by the pressure.

Fortunately, as time passed, this situation gradually improved. His cultivation speed was already extremely fast, and it had only been a year, but his body hadn’t lost any blood.

In that previous year, his body was repeatedly torn apart, then healed, and then torn apart again. In this cycle, every time it was torn apart, a large amount of Myriad Tao’s power would fuse into his flesh and blood. Over time, his body would gradually become stronger under this sort of cruel tempering.

Even though he couldn’t walk fast enough, at least his body wouldn’t bleed anymore!

"This progress isn’t too bad. There’s hope for reaching the great circle of perfection." Chen Xiang slowly walked around here.

Long Qiumu who was inside the You Yao Mountain Villa had already learnt the kind of astonishing regeneration ability that the Mei Jing Sisters used to help her cultivate using the unique Twin Life Mysterious Technique.

Long Qiumu felt that Chen Xiang had already passed the test and she had almost finished cultivating. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

After Chen Xiang agreed, Long Qiumu ran out on her own. Just like last time, her entire body was instantly torn apart by the pressure, and started bleeding profusely.

Chen Xiang took out his Six Realms mirrors and combined it with his own strength to help Long Qiumu resist part of the pressure, allowing him to recover from his injuries.

In order to help Long Qiumu, Chen Xiang was also currently in a difficult situation.

Chen Xiang had only helped Long Qiumu to withstand twenty to thirty percent of the pressure, which made it much easier for him as his recovery speed could still keep up.

Although he wanted to help Long Qiumu, that did not affect his cultivation, and could be considered to be cultivation for Chen Xiang.

Just like that, with Chen Xiang helping her to withstand a portion of the pressure, Long Qiumu gradually improved. After half a year, she would no longer need Chen Xiang’s help to cultivate by herself.

Long Qiumu was very clear that her progress was extremely fast right now, so it was very worth it to bear such immense pain and torture. She didn’t have any complaints at all!

When she was captured by the High Priest and thrown into the Flying Dragon Imperial Palace’s Purgatory, she suffered all kinds of torture. At that time, she swore that as long as she had the chance, she would make herself stronger, and only then would she not be trampled on by others.

When Chen Xiang saw that Long Qiumu, a female, was able to struggle so hard, he admired her from the bottom of his heart. He firmly believed that if the two of them could cultivate to the point of success, they could directly go and find the High Priest.

The High Priest’s strength was also Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, but because of the support of the World Defying dragon demon, he was able to become much stronger than the other Venerable Ancestor Later-stage!

In addition, there were definitely many other powerful Venerable Ancestor Later-stage Dragon Demons at the side of the High Priest. If these Dragon Demons were to join forces, it would also be a terrifying power!

The key for World Defying dragon demon to break the seal was the High Priest. As long as they could kill the High Priest, they would be able to stop the World Defying dragon demon!

This was only Chen Xiang’s plan now, but he couldn’t guarantee if the World Defying dragon demon had any other tricks up its sleeve.

The World Defying dragon demon had a powerful World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor behind them, and that was what was most terrifying. This World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor had other actions, and that was to secretly help the leaders of the evil forces in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum step into the World Defying Stage!

This was also what Chen Xiang was worried about, he was especially worried that the Natural Law Divine Lord would step into the World Defying Stage, so he had to increase his speed to become stronger, even if he could not stop this from happening, he had enough strength to respond in a timely manner!

... ....

Chen Xiang and Long Qiumu had been cultivating in the Tenth Flying Dragon Experience Place for five years, and currently, the two of them were able to fly there. When they moved, they were not affected by the pressure, which meant that they had reached large success in their cultivation!

"We’ve finally succeeded, now we’re definitely on par with the High Priest!" Although Long Qiumu did not go find the High Priest, she had a feeling of pride in her own strength.

"We’ve been here five years! According to Long Tengyun’s estimation, they would probably need around ten years to help the World Defying dragon demon break the seal. I think we still have enough time to stop them. " Chen Xiang said: "Let’s go find the High Priest first, then we’ll go to Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land!"

"Hm!" Chen Xiang, thank you! " Long Qiumu gave Chen Xiang a gentle smile. "If not for you, I still don’t know when I would have been able to become so strong!"

"You’re welcome!" Chen Xiang laughed mischievously, and then, he rubbed Long Qiumu’s face. "Let’s go, I’ll go look for Flying Dragon Palace Leader first, he should be in Ninth Flying Dragon Experience Place now!"

When Long Qiumu entered Chen Xiang’s You Yao Mountain Villa, she also had two sisters inside, which were Mei Jing Sisters s. At this moment, their relationship was very good, after all, they had been together for a long time, and even took care of each other.

Chen Xiang came to the Ninth Flying Dragon Experience Place, took out the Communication jade Symbol paper and sent a message to the Flying Dragon Palace Leader, as expected, the Flying Dragon Palace Leader was already here.

Previously, he had given it to the Flying Dragon Palace Leader and the rest, which was why they were able to cultivate so quickly.

When Chen Xiang heard that they were there, he immediately used the Six Realms Time and Space Door to look for them. When Chen Xiang saw the Flying Dragon Palace Leader, Lin Jitian and the others, he realised that they had already cultivated very well and had already reached the stage of success.

However, he saw that the little bat did not look too good, as if it was injured!

"Chen Xiang, we have to leave this place quickly. We are being watched!" When Flying Dragon Palace Leader saw Chen Xiang, he immediately said in a low voice: "This is truly strange, we have all been hiding very well, but we were still discovered."