Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang immediately used the Six Realms Time and Space Door to come here. He only knew that this was a dark secret room, and he didn’t know where it was located.

"What’s going on?" Chen Xiang looked around and asked: "Where are we?"

"Deep down, we were cultivating here, but we met a group of people. They were very strong, and also had a lot of people!" The Flying Dragon Palace Leader said, "Fortunately, our strength is not bad, and we were able to force them to retreat with difficulty. We even killed two of them, causing the little bats to be injured!"

"Could it be someone from the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land?" Chen Xiang frowned and thought for a while, then said: "To be able to fight in the Ninth Flying Dragon Experience Place, this guy is definitely not an ordinary person. How many people are there in total?"

"Six!" I don’t know if they are the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land’s or not, but I do know that there is a Dragon Demon among them! " After the Flying Dragon Palace Leader finished, he urged, "Let’s leave this place first! "We’ve killed two of them. They must be holding a grudge. I’ve activated some of the invisible mechanisms I set up outside of this place. I believe they must have found this place."

"There’s no need to go for now, I’ll go and take a look at them!" Chen Xiang immediately released ten Heaven devouring rat s.

The Heaven devouring rat was placed on the ground by him and probed with his spatial energy. Soon, he saw seven or eight people on it.

Three of them had the aura of Dragon Demons, so he was sure they were Dragon Demons!

"Senior, have you left the Flying Dragon Experience Place recently? How is the situation outside?" Chen Xiang asked. He felt that the reason the Dragon Demons could come here to cultivate was because they had good conditions. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

In other words, the development of the Dragon Demons was very good, and the High Priest knew that if the Dragon Demons wanted to become stronger, they would have to go through the Flying Dragon Experience Place trial.

"It’s still the same. There aren’t any changes. As for the rest, I don’t have the time to understand them clearly." Flying Dragon Palace Leader shook his head, then asked: "Do we really not need to leave now? I’m a little worried about them! "

"I came down from the Tenth Flying Dragon Experience Place, don’t be afraid of them!" laughed. At this time, his Heaven devouring rat had also become very strong, he felt that it was at least as strong as the early stage of the Venerable ancestor realm.

Chen Xiang took out a piece of Communication jade Symbol paper and sent a sound transmission to Long Tengyun. He and Long Tengyun had not seen each other for five years, so he did not know how Long Tengyun was doing right now. There are powerful Dragon Demons and humans in the Ninth Flying Dragon Experience Place. Do you know what is going on? " Chen Xiang asked as he sent a sound transmission to Long Tengyun.

Not long after, Long Tengyun gave Chen Xiang a reply, "The Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land has already fallen, and was taken over by more than half of the Dragon Demons. My cultivation was crippled, and I am currently just an old servant of the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land.

When Chen Xiang heard this news, he was extremely surprised. The strong Long Tengyun had actually fallen to such a state!

With his cultivation being crippled, and him becoming a servant of the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land, it was clear that his enemy was doing this to Long Tengyun.

And Long Tengyun, in order to wait for Chen Xiang, could only endure this kind of humiliation!

The Dragon Demons actually knew about the existence of the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land. Clearly, some old fellows of the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land had colluded with the Dragon Demons!

"It’s good that you’re back. Did you find the thing left behind by the Dragon Ancestor in the tenth Flying Dragon Experience Place? "Currently, the Dragon Demons are frantically attacking the Dragon Ancestor’s forbidden area, trying to take away the legacy left behind by the Dragon Ancestor." Long Tengyun asked.

"Not yet. I was planning to get rid of the High Priest first, but I didn’t expect it to turn out like this." Chen Xiang really did not expect this to happen, he felt that he still had enough time.

"There’s not much time left, the High Priest has already stepped into the World Defying Stage. It’s said that there are a few new World Defying Stage in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, and the current situation is extremely disadvantageous for us." Long Tengyun also knew the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor’s plan.

"What about the World Defying dragon demon? Has he broken through the seal?! " Chen Xiang took a deep breath and asked, if the World Defying dragon demon also came out, then the situation would become even worse.

"Not yet. Back then, the seal left behind by the Dragon Ancestor was very strong. It wasn’t that easy to break through. Although there are a few new World Defying Stage Warriors in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, they cannot leave the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, so there is no need to worry too much about it. " Long Tengyun said: "The most important thing now is to quickly take away the inheritance left behind by the Dragon King. I heard that the High Priest will be arriving at the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land very soon!"

Chen Xiang immediately told Flying Dragon Palace Leader about this. After Flying Dragon Palace Leader heard about it, his expression turned ugly!

The High Priest of the World Defying Stage was definitely not someone they could deal with!

Chen Xiang’s face became gloomy, he never thought that the High Priest would be able to break through so quickly, and actually step into World Defying Stage!

"Seems like I need to hurry to the Tenth Flying Dragon Experience Place and find the keepsake left behind by the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor." Chen Xiang originally wanted to work with Long Qiumu to get rid of those people who were looking for the Flying Dragon Palace Leader, but he was worried that this would alert the enemy.

Chen Xiang teleported the Flying Dragon Palace Leader and the others, left the Flying Dragon Experience Place, and headed towards the tenth Flying Dragon Experience Place himself!

"Do you know where the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor’s keepsake is?" Long Qiumu asked.

"Of course I know. World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor told me before, but it was a bit difficult!" This was also the reason why Chen Xiang did not go before, it might take a lot of time, but now that the situation was so critical, he could only try his best to take away the thing that World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor left behind.

There was no blue sky above the Tenth Flying Dragon Experience Place, nor were there any plants. It looked lifeless, but there was a large amount of Myriad Tao power inside.

This place was shrouded in darkness. Chen Xiang stayed in darkness as he looked at the mountain peaks in the distance that were flickering with light. Following World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor’s instructions, they quickly arrived at a mountain range with bursts of dark wind.

It was because of the power of space that Chen Xiang was able to be so fast, otherwise, when he entered, he would definitely have been obstructed by a violent gust of wind for a long period of time.

"Is this where the keepsake of the Dragon Patriarch is?" Chen Xiang entered the middle of the mountain range and very quickly, he saw the faint shadow of a dragon using the Dao heart Eye.

There was a giant mountain below the dragon’s shadow!

He entered the belly of the mountain. There was a very small stone room inside, and when he discovered it, he immediately used his spatial energy to enter it.

Inside the stone room was a small black stone box. He opened the box and saw a Hexagonal disk.

"This is it?" Chen Xiang looked carefully, and saw nothing, but to be able to find such an item here, it must be something left behind by the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor.

After obtaining it, he immediately returned to the Ninth Flying Dragon Experience Place!

After contacting Long Tengyun, Chen Xiang found out the way to Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land.

Long Tengyun did not have freedom, and his powerful strength was also gone. He was imprisoned inside the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land, unable to come out to bring Chen Xiang in.

Chen Xiang could only go in.