Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The so-called Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land was located on a huge island in the middle of a lake in the Ninth Flying Dragon Experience Place.

This island was protected by a barrier. Outsiders were not allowed to enter, and only those inside were allowed to enter.

"This barrier is the strongest one I have ever encountered, it should have been set up by the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor!" Chen Xiang stood outside the barrier and took a deep breath, "I wonder if I can enter!"

Previously, Long Tengyun was also worried about this matter, worried that Chen Xiang would not be able to sneak in. Although he knew that Chen Xiang could use his extremely strong spatial energy, this barrier is also very terrifying. "

Chen Xiang tried to penetrate the spatial barrier in front of him, but no matter how he tried, he could not succeed!

"What the hell is going on?" Chen Xiang opened his eyes and said in a shocked tone, "The barrier that World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor has set up is indeed not ordinary!"

Chen Xiang lingered around the outer part of the island, wanting to teleport in, but no matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t.

"Senior, I already have the keepsake of the Dragon Ancestor. However, I am unable to enter. Is there any other way?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Why don’t you try and take the dragon ancestor’s keepsake in your hands!" Long Tengyun thought for a while, then said: "The Dragon Ancestor’s keepsake should be able to allow you to ignore any of his enchantments!"

After holding the Hexagonal disk in his hand, Chen Xiang tried to teleport again.

"I’m coming in!" Chen Xiang immediately sent a sound transmission to Long Tengyun: "Where are you?"

Long Tengyun called over, her voice was excited: "Don’t come to my place, I have a lot of people guarding here, I’ll guide you to the Dragon Ancestor’s Forbidden Land, you can leave after you get the keepsake!"

"Then what will you do?" Chen Xiang asked: "I have to save you!"

"Don’t worry about me. I don’t have any cultivation left anyway. If I die, then so be it. As long as you can obtain the inheritance of the Dragon Ancestor, I will let the legacy not fall into the hands of the Dragon Demon." Long Tengyun said, at that moment he only wanted to be free, he was such a strong person, but now his cultivation was gone, living with his last breath of life.

"En!" Chen Xiang had only agreed to it this way. He definitely would not let Long Tengyun die here like this.

After that, Long Tengyun told Chen Xiang the location of the Dragon Ancestor’s forbidden grounds. Only with the Dragon Ancestor’s keepsake could they enter into the Dragon Ancestor’s forbidden grounds.

Chen Xiang used teleportation to move around freely in the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land. He was not in a hurry to go to the Dragon Ancestor’s Forbidden Land, but wanted to roam around. He wanted to see how many Dragon Demons were there!

Suddenly, he felt a trace of an aura that he was very familiar with. Although that aura was very weak, it was very powerful.

This made Chen Xiang suddenly quiver!

"High Priest!" Chen Xiang couldn’t help but shout in his heart, "The High Priest is actually here, no wonder Long Tengyun didn’t let me save him. Could it be that Long Tengyun is very close to the High Priest?"

Previously, Long Tengyun had said that the High Priest was coming here, and he had indeed come, since there was a mysterious inheritance left behind by the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor!

"I need to hurry to the Dragon Ancestor’s forbidden area!" Chen Xiang hastily teleported to the entrance of the Dragon Ancestor’s forbidden grounds.

The Dragon Ancestor’s Forbidden Land was located in a cave. There was a pit at the entrance of the cave, just large enough to fit that Hexagonal disk.

Although it was daytime when Chen Xiang arrived here, there were not many people around him. Instead, he participated in a very powerful aura, which meant that there were many powerful Dragon Demons and humans that had attacked the stone door.

It was just that he did not succeed in breaking it!

"The High Priest tried it himself, but he failed!" Chen Xiang could feel the aura of the High Priest from this place.

Chen Xiang took the Hexagonal disk and walked over. He placed it in the groove and after putting it in, he saw the door have a suction force.

As for the stone door, it also turned in a circle. This way, the stone door with Hexagonal disk s inside was opened, and people outside could not come in.

"Is this the Dragon Ancestor’s forbidden area?" In front of Chen Xiang was a very spacious stone room, lit up with white light.

Looking at the white light, Chen Xiang was in a daze, only to see a golden dragon suddenly flying over. He could not dodge in time, and the golden dragon drilled into his body, and he fell asleep right away!

... ....

Outside, after Chen Xiang entered the Dragon Ancestor’s forbidden grounds, the commotion caused by the stone door alarmed the people of the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land.

The High Priest was the first to arrive here. His entire body was red, and although his red face could not be seen, it was twisted. It was obvious that he was suffering from extreme anger.

"Yes ..." It’s Chen Xiang, he actually entered the Dragon Ancestor’s Forbidden Land! " The High Priest was extremely familiar with Chen Xiang’s aura. He could still clearly remember the time Chen Xiang stole his Dragon Devil Grandmother. This was the first time he had suffered such a huge loss.

At this time, the other old fellows and powerful Dragon Demons of the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land also arrived!

"How did he get in? Even after using such a powerful force, we were still unable to break open that stone door, but he can! " A Dragon asked.

Go and capture that old monster Long Tengyun. You must torture him properly, he must know something! The High Priest said in a low voice.

Soon after, Long Tengyun was brought over. He had already lost his power and was just an old man.

When Long Tengyun arrived and saw that the stone door that had not been touched for thousands of years had flipped over, he could not help but raise his head and laugh, because he knew that Chen Xiang had successfully entered the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land!

"Old bastard, what are you laughing about?" The High Priest waved his hand, wanting to attack Long Tengyun, but he did not. He was worried that he would kill Long Tengyun with a single palm.

Long Tengyun was currently very weak, and the High Priest thought that Long Tengyun still had a great use for him, so he did not kill him. He did not dare torture him, lest he accidentally kill Long Tengyun. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"Quickly kill me!" After Long Tengyun finished laughing, he looked at the High Priest extremely happily as he sneered.

He knew that Chen Xiang would definitely receive the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor’s inheritance, and that would allow Chen Xiang to step into the World Defying Stage!

Therefore, he felt that he would die with no regrets. After all, he had already lived for a very long time, and had lived enough. He was not afraid of death!

"Old dog, don’t think that you can die so easily. I will let my own eyes see how your World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor is truly in our hands." The High Priest had not been provoked by Long Tengyun. He could see the relationship between Chen Xiang and him.

If Chen Xiang came out, he could totally use Long Tengyun to threaten Chen Xiang, so he endured it!

It wasn’t long before Chen Xiang fainted after entering, but his consciousness was extremely clear, he could even hear the High Priest’s voice outside, only that he could not move his body!

"You’re finally here!" There’s still time. Whether or not we can turn the tide is up to you! " Chen Xiang suddenly heard World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor’s voice in his mind.