Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang never thought that the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor would actually wait for him here for so long, and even gave him such a great hope.

"Dragon Ancestor, how is the situation in Myriad Tao Mausoleum?" asked, now that World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor and the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor were inside the seal, they could suppress the Evil Ancestor.

However, there are many new World Defying Stage inside the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, all of them were raised up by the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor, if they join hands with the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor, the consequences would be dire. " F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Although a few of them have already stepped into the World Defying Stage, they are still not that strong. Even if they were to enter the seal, they will not be able to pose much of a threat to us, and they will not be able to help the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor escape. The World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor said.

They had already stepped into the World Defying Stage and were no threat to them. It could be seen that there was a huge gap between them!

"The situation in Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land is not good. Senior Long Tengyun is currently in a very dangerous situation." Chen Xiang immediately told World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor what happened.

World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor was very angry after hearing this. He never thought that the descendant he left behind would actually be this virtuous and virtuous. Not only did he betray Long Tengyun, he even collaborated with the Dragon Demon!

Cooperating with the Dragon Demon was equivalent to rebelling against their World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor. This was a heinous crime of deceiving your master and exterminating your ancestors!

If World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor was able to escape now, he would definitely rush back and exterminate those people who rebelled against him.

"Since that’s the case, I’ll hand over the inheritance to you as soon as possible!" The World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor said. After all, in the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land, only Long Tengyun did not go against their teachings, which made him feel extremely gratified.

"Alright!" After Chen Xiang finished speaking, a few things appeared in his mind. This was the inheritance that the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor had passed on to him.

He roughly checked and discovered that He He had a deeper understanding of the Myriad Tao Divine Arts. Previously, when he understood the Myriad Tao Divine Arts, there were many things he did not understand, but now, he suddenly understood.

The Myriad Tao Divine Arts was the most important technique to enter the World Defying Stage. Only by practicing it would one be able to smoothly and steadily step into the World Defying Stage.

Although Chen Xiang and Flying Dragon Palace Leader had the Myriad Tao Divine Arts, they did not know much about it. This was also the reason why they had been stuck there.

"Thank you senior, I will definitely work hard to cultivate and enter the World Defying Stage as soon as possible." Chen Xiang said.

"Hurry up and save Long Tengyun, be careful!" World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor said: "If he insists on dying, tell him that I let him live. When I come out, I will help him recover his cultivation."

Chen Xiang had already woken up, he now had a greater understanding of the World Defying Stage.

If one wanted to enter the World Defying Stage, the most important thing was to cultivate the World Defying soul. The World Defying soul was formed by the Six souls, and as to how to cultivate it, there was one in the Myriad Tao Divine Arts, but Chen Xiang did not understand it before.

Now that he understood, he could cultivate the Myriad Tao Divine Arts, and the moment he could cultivate the World Defying soul, he could step into the World Defying Stage!

Cultivating World Defying soul was only the first step, and this was also the most difficult step! At this stage, one’s own Dao Energy would be several times stronger than before, or even ten times, or even more!

His Dao Energy had improved greatly, and now, with the help of this Dao Energy, he could cultivate his own body, and gain a prideful body, which was the true step into World Defying Stage!

Even if he had the World Defying soul, he was only half a bucket of water. Although he was also called World Defying Stage, his strength was far weaker than someone with a proud body.

The World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor told Chen Xiang that although the High Priest and the leaders of the evil forces in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum were all World Defying Stage s, they only had World Defying soul s and were about several times stronger than those at the peak of the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage.

Furthermore, they did not cultivate their own World Defying soul. It was all given to them by the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor as half of their World Defying soul, allowing them to use their own Six souls to repair the half of the World Defying soul, refining a complete World Defying soul!

Even though they could cultivate World Defying soul through this method, a World Defying soul like this would have a huge drawback, and the improvement it brought them would also be greatly reduced.

Only by cultivating the World Defying soul himself would he be able to obtain an even stronger power, and have a firmer foundation!

Chen Xiang was still in the cave. He could feel Long Tengyun’s weak aura from the cave, and it wasn’t long after he entered.

At this moment, the High Priest and a few powerful Dragon Demons outside were continuously attacking the stone door. They wanted to break it open, but to no avail!

After Chen Xiang sensed Long Tengyun’s aura, he immediately used the power of space to move him in.

When Long Tengyun came in, he was stunned for a moment. When he saw Chen Xiang, he immediately understood what had happened.

"Ai!" Long Tengyun sighed helplessly. It was a good thing that Chen Xiang was able to save him, at least he wouldn’t need to worry about the High Priest threatening him.

However, he no longer had any cultivation. He only wanted to die and end his own life.

"Senior, I’ve talked to World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor just now. He asked me to tell you that you must survive until he comes out to help you recover your cultivation." Chen Xiang held Long Tengyun up, and smiled: "We are leaving this place now, I have already obtained the inheritance of the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor!"

was very happy that he was able to obtain the inheritance so quickly. He nodded his head, the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor valued him so much, how could he let him down?

After Long Tengyun was moved away, the High Priest who was outside was extremely furious and attacked the stone door even more forcefully!

And Chen Xiang who was inside, had long since teleported away with Long Tengyun.

He allowed Long Tengyun to be together with Master Wang, who was a Alchemist who could refine pills to help Long Tengyun extend his lifespan, and who had also been severely injured before. At that time, his cultivation had completely disappeared, and he was able to recover successfully.

Therefore, the Flying Dragon Palace Leader could also be of great help to Long Tengyun.

After Chen Xiang settled down Long Tengyun, he took out the Nine-turn Yuanzun Dan and sold it among the Flying Dragon Pagoda, and very quickly, he sold quite a few of them, and collected a billion Dao crystal.

Originally, Chen Xiang wanted to continue to sell the Nine-turn Yuanzun Dan here, but because the pill was too shocking, it quickly attracted the attention of the High Priest.

Only now did Chen Xiang have no choice but to stop and head towards the Myriad Tao Mausoleum!

Previously, when he had received the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor’s inheritance, he had also received some useful words from the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor.

For example, in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, there was an extremely strange Alchemist. The World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor even sent Chen Xiang to find this Alchemist, and showed him the Dragon Ancestor’s keepsake, asking the Alchemist to help.

The Alchemist s of the World Defying Stage s were supreme existences to Chen Xiang. He definitely had to experience them, and furthermore, he planned to look for the Inheritance Formation in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum to try his luck and see if he could see the Half-ghost Old Man again.