Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 295 - The Contention Of Fire Martial Soul

------------

Hua Xiangyue and Liu Menger were only interested in these spirit herbs, Liu Menger’s purpose for coming here was also to gather some spirit herbs. She needed some herbs of high level dans for herself. For martial artists of her level, only the earth level dans and above had an obvious effect on her. Not only were these herbs very expensive, they were similarly extremely rare.

Chen Xiang knew Liu Menger was making preparations for crossing her tribulation, and a dan was absolutely necessary. For instance, a few dans would allow their consumers to quickly restore their power, and some other dans could allow their consumer to recover from injuries in an instant, which while crossing the tribulation, could play a great role; it was equivalent to possessing a few extra lives.

Liu Menger didn’t know alchemy, she was only gathering herbs. She was planning to seek high level alchemists to refine them for her, that was why high level alchemists could not, in a million times, be offended. This was but related to whether they could successfully cross all of their Nirvana Tribulation and eventually ascend to the Heavenly Realm.

In order to get the dan refined, Liu Menger had gone to ask Elder Dan. Chen Xiang, from Liu Menger and Hua Xiangyue’s relation, could notice that Liu Menger might have asked the Danxiang Taoyuan’s Dean to refine a dan for her through Hua Xiangyue, that was also the reason why their relation was so good.

...

Although those who had Martial Soul were not very easily seen, they were still there, but they all hid themselves very well, because this was their hidden card up their sleeve.

Now, the Fire Martial Soul happened to create an ardent struggle among these tycoons, and very soon, the price rose to eighty million crystal stones!

Until now, Gu Dongchen, Tang Yichao, Liang Yingxiao, all were still competing. At the very beginning, the Elder of Beast Martial Sect and Yue Jiangling were also competing, but finally, they eventually gave up, they were both very clear that it would soon reach an exorbitant price.

"95 million." It was Gu Dongchen’s voice, Chen Xiang could not understand what his eldest martial nephew wanted to do with the Fire Martial Soul.

"100 million." Lian Yingxiao dismissively said.

The price had suddenly reached 100 million, causing the entire audience to be in uproar.

Chen Xiang didn’t expect that when he had killed the crown prince, he would actually obtain such a precious thing.

"Why is the Lotus Island’s Dean so rich? What does he do?" Chen Xiang asked, the Lotus Island’s Dean had once presented him a White Jade Lotus Seed, and he also had a very favorable impression of him. It was just that the Lotus Island was a little mysterious, Chen Xiang once had checked some information about the Lotus Island, but it was not detailed.

"The Lotus Island, in the entire Chenwu Mainland, is the one influence with the most crystal mines. The disciples of the Lotus Island are all very much specialized in water, hence they could find many large veins in the depths of the sea. They seem to have a secret way to find the veins, moreover, in the depths of the sea, there are many hidden deep water plants that could replace many rare spirit herbs. As such, the overall strength of the Lotus Island is very strong." Liu Menger replied.

Chen Xiang was still a little confused, "Why can I not find any information regarding this?"

"The Lotus Island intentionally hid this very fact, if many people came to know about it, many will then squeeze into the Lotus Island." Hua Xiangyue explained, "Moreover, the major sect’s Dean, in order to prevent their own sect’s disciples to risk their lives for searching crystal mines in the sea, intentionally did not said anything."

Liu Menger sighed, "Since ancient times, too many people had lost their lives in the sea, but those who could find the veins was only Lotus Island, that’s why the major forces of the Chenwu Mainland intentionally hid the information about the Lotus Island."

Hua Xiangyue casted a glance at Chen Xiang, "You brat, don’t go seeking death. Although the sea may look simple, the danger it possess is not less than on land."

Chen Xiang laughed and said, "Don’t worry, I now have a beautiful wife, I’ll not be stupid enough to die." After speaking, he looked at Liu Menger, which made Liu Menger and Hua Xiangyue to show him the white of their eyes.

Although Chen Xiang said so, he still decided to go and have a look. He had the Emperor Crystal, so he was not afraid of not finding any crystal vein. If he found one, he could take out those top-grade crystal stones.

"122 million." It was Gu Dongchen’s voice, from his tone, he seemed to be full of passion. After all, the Fire Martial Soul was truly valuable, unlike the previous Building Foundation Dan, where he was obviously being swindled.

"125 million." Lian Yingxiao was not going to give the slightest bit of concession as he continued to raise the price. His gentle voice was rather loud, and it was clear that he was also very much looking forward to the Fire Martial Soul.

Gu Dongchen clenched his teeth and continued to shout, "130 million!"

Lian Yingxiao knew that the other party was Gu Dongchen, yet it just made his desire to win increase, "135 million!"

"Obediently continue!" Chen Xiang shouted in excitement.

"140 million!" Gu Dongchen’s voice left Chen Xiang a little surprised for he didn’t that expect his stingy martial nephew could actually fight to this step.

Lian Yingxiao, unlike before, didn’t raised the price immediately, this left the entire audience in secret anticipation, they wanted to know who would eventually win.

"140 million going first... 140 million going twice... 140 million..."

"150 million!" Lian Yingxiao suddenly shouted, his voice was still so gentle, moreover, he raised the price by ten million in one go, which left everyone extremely amazed.

"This guy truly have deep pockets!" Hua Xiang lightly scoffed.

Gu Dongchen didn’t raise the price again, because there may be better stuff later. By then, such a little difference would render him unable to buy, which was not worth it. At last, the Fire Martial Soul was successfully bought by Lian Yingxiao.

Regarding the Fire Martial Soul, Lian Yingxiao was very curious. After he successfully won the bidding, he immediately went to pay. When Hua Xiangyue noticed Lian Yingxiao leave his room, she also immediately left.

Chen Xiang took the brochure, which only Hua Xiangyue could see. The others didn’t know what was going to be auctioned next; this also added up to the mystery of the auction.

Chen Xiang, after seeing that the next several good items going to be auctioned were spirit weapons, could not help but yawn.

Hua Xiangyue came back and threw a storage pouch to Chen Xiang. Inside it, there were thirty thousand True Elemental Dans, which was worth one hundred fifty million crystal stones. Now, Chen Xiang had a total of sixty thousand True Elemental Dans.

"Sister Menger, if you need a spirit herb, I can give you the White Jade Lotus Seed! I currently have no use for it, and then there is also the Hell Spirit Grass, I can also give you a little." Chen Xiang very generously said. After all, she was his woman with whom he had kissed a good several times, moreover, those kisses were very long and passionate. They had both fallen in love to each other, however, neither of them have said it directly, that was all. However, they both understood the other party’s intention.

Liu Menger felt warmth in her heart as a charming smile appeared on her face. She tenderly spoke, "Not for the time being, if I need it, at that time, you have to remember what you had just said."

"I will keep it for you." Chen Xiang laughed, he had the Golden Dragon Saliva, and he had already planted a large number of White Jade Lotus Seed. By that time, he could have as much White Jade Lotus Seed as he wished; it would be similar to common cabbages.

Hua Xiangyue pouted with a tender snort, "When will I have a man so generous to me!"

"Oh, jealous!?" Liu Menger covered her mouth as she lightly laughed.

Hua Xiangyue stuck out her fragrant tongue, before she lamented, "Why don’t I have a fairy-like apprentice."

"Seductress, don’t say that, every time this little rascal sees you, he could not wait to strip off your clothes. You are very tempting to him, however, he could only dare to think, but not dare to do anything!"

Seeing these two women giving sarcastic remarks to each other, Chen Xiang shook his head and sighed. He just continued to look at that brochure. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"En? Five Colored Profound Fruit, this is one of the main herbs for refining the Five Elements True Elemental Dan!" Chen Xiang, in his heart, was shocked, he was also secretly excited.

A translated work of Xianxiaworld