Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Before entering the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, Chen Xiang went back to see Long Tengyun and the others. More recent chapter access: w.

"Now, the High Priest is speeding up to help the World Defying dragon demon to break the seal. Do you have any countermeasures?" Long Tengyun asked. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Chen Xiang didn’t have any countermeasures against this, because right now, his only plan was to step into the World Defying Stage first. Although he had already obtained the inheritance of the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor, this didn’t mean that he could break through it in a short while!

Even with the guidance of the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor, he would still need a long time to cultivate if he wanted to steadily break through the current realm.

"The Dragon ancestor didn’t seem to have said anything about letting me deal with the World Defying dragon demon!" Chen Xiang thought for a while, and it was true that the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor did not say anything.

The thing that World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor warned Chen Xiang the most was that when Chen Xiang stepped into World Defying Stage, he needed to ensure that he was not affected by the power of the Evil Demons. Otherwise, the condensed World Defying soul would have a demonic and evil nature, and would have a huge impact on him in the future.

World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor specifically reminded him of this!

"Then after you enter the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, you must be careful. At this time, there are people from the World Defying Stage inside!" Long Tengyun was very worried about this.

"I know!" Chen Xiang nodded, then chatted with the Flying Dragon Palace Leader and the others for a while before leaving in a hurry.

Chen Xiang had smoothly entered the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. He did not know how many times he had come and gone, but the enchantment of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum was already unable to stop him, so he was able to come and go as he pleased.

Every time he entered the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, Chen Xiang would always arrive at the Colorful Forest at the fastest speed possible. This was also the most beautiful place in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, he really liked this place.

The territory of Divine Ghost Imperial Country was a sealed but strange gigantic palace, the palace inside was complicated, while the White Bones Imperial was filled with bones, the Flying Dragon Ghost Realm was filled with Evil Qi, and only the Colorful Forest had the best environment.

There was another reason why Chen Xiang came to the Colorful Forest, and that was to find the Alchemist of the Sun World Defying Stage that the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor had mentioned.

Colorful Forest was so vast, it was not easy to find a person, not to mention that the person would often appear and disappear like a ghost.

Although the Colorful Forest was beautiful, it was also filled with all kinds of disputes and dangers.

Chen Xiang had met a relatively gentle Pink Blood Man at this time. He had met one before, and after asking, he found out that the situation in the Colorful Forest had greatly changed.

Divine Ghost Imperial Country, White Bones Imperial and the Flying Dragon Ghost Realm had long set their eyes on the Colorful Forest, and at this time, they had already secretly sent a large portion of their forces to the Colorful Forest. Although they had come here to gain experience, everyone knew that these three powers wanted to divide up the Colorful Forest.

For the Colorful Forest to have so many plants, it showed that the Colorful Forest itself contained a lot of resources.

One must know that there were no Dao crystal mines in the other places, but there were many in Colorful Forest!

The most shocking thing was that more and more Blood Tribes found Dao crystal mines in there, thus attracting the other three forces to come and occupy this place.

There were also powerful forces in the Colorful Forest, but they could not defeat the other three powers. The main reason was that the three powers all had powerful warriors from the World Defying Stage, and they did not have any of them, so they could only swallow their anger.

"The Colorful Forest was ruled by the four races in the first place. They oppressed and enslaved the other races before this, and now that something like this happened, they do not deserve to be pitied at all." Chen Xiang thought in his heart.

He also found a piece of news that wasn’t very good for him. It was the Natural Law Divine Lord that was staying in the White Bones Imperial.

The Natural Law Divine Lord was currently the second in command of the White Bones Imperial, standing equal to the Bone Emperor of the White Bones Imperial.

"This bastard, what is the point of relying on someone else’s incomplete World Defying soul to break through?" Chen Xiang wanted to cultivate his own World Defying soul after all.

Once he cultivated it, he would have the confidence to defeat this kind of World Defying Stage.

"I heard that there’s a very large Dao crystal mine nearby, I’ll go take a look!" The Pink Blood Man that Chen Xiang had met before knew a lot of things, and he had even told Chen Xiang that low level bloodthirsty people like them were often caught and used as slaves to extract Dao crystal s.

Although Chen Xiang already had more than a billion Dao crystal, he would never think that there were too many of them.

Especially after knowing that the had occupied the entire mine, he wanted to loot everything.

The Flying Dragon Ghost Realm was now the ruler of the Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable and the Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable was under the Dragon Demon’s command, so they had to listen to the orders of the High Priest. Because they were loyal to the World Defying dragon demon, the Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable had obtained half of the crippled World Defying soul and stepped into the World Defying Stage.

The reason why they wanted Dao crystal was to search for the secret inheritance array. Chen Xiang decided to ask the other demons what kind of inheritance they wanted to obtain the next time they meet the Half-ghost Old Man.

After half a day, Chen Xiang arrived at the vicinity of the mine, there were people from the Flying Dragon Ghost Realm patrolling!

He released the Heaven devouring rat to investigate, and discovered that there were ten Venerable Ancestor Later-stage s, a hundred of them were in the middle to late stages of the Venerable ancestor realm, and there were more than a thousand of them in the other Tai Zun realm!

This was a very powerful force, the fact that the Flying Dragon Ghost Realm used such a powerful force to guard this mine showed how many Dao crystal were inside!

When Chen Xiang got closer, he could feel that the Dao crystal’s aura was extremely rich!

"I have to plunder this place properly, otherwise, it would be too disrespectful to my Mouse Man!" Chen Xiang remembered that he still had a few thousand strong Heaven devouring rat, and he couldn’t help but to be happy. He didn’t need to do anything, as long as he could control the Heaven devouring rat and bring it into the mines.

He had accumulated for many years, and he had a large amount of storage tools. He let the Heaven devouring rat swallow those Storage magic treasure and then controlled them to enter the mine.

A large number of Heaven devouring rat had entered from the bottom, so even if there were many people patrolling above, they would not be able to discover the Heaven devouring rat below.

"Now that I have obtained these Dao crystal, it’s as simple as cutting grass." Chen Xiang hid in a big tree’s’ hole ’, controlling the Heaven devouring rat to continuously devour them.

When Heaven devouring rat swallowed the Dao crystal, it was equivalent to having Storage magic treasure s placed in his stomach. Once the Heaven devouring rat s were full, he would immediately use the power of space to replace the Storage magic treasure s.

Heaven devouring rat s were all around the early stage of the Venerable ancestor realm, and there were a few thousand of them, which were extremely powerful. This was equivalent to several thousands of Venerable ancestor realm’s miners, and they could dig up the Dao crystal s buried deep underground day and night without stopping!

"There are so many Dao crystal down there, I wonder how long we’ll have to dig them out for!" Chen Xiang estimated that there were at least a trillion Dao crystal in this mountain.

A month later, the earth suddenly shook, followed by a series of rumbling sounds. A large mountain in the distance suddenly sank down.

The main reason was that Chen Xiang had dug up all of the Dao crystal below the mountain. Although there were still some remaining, they were still more than a trillion, while Chen Xiang had dug up a total of fifteen trillion!

...