Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

When Heaven devouring rat were digging underground, they would become as big as hippopotamus and had a big mouth like hippopotamus. Thousands of these big mouth Heaven devouring rat swallowed up all the Dao crystal in a short month. The updates were quick.

"It’s time to stop!" Chen Xiang chuckled. He had originally planned to use the power of space to teleport the Heaven devouring rat back.

But when he thought about how these rats had worked so hard for so long without getting anything, he set his gaze on the Draconians guarding the mine.

These Dragon Demons were all under the Flying Dragon Ghost Realm, and the strongest one among them was only the Venerable ancestor realm.

With how many Heaven devouring rat s Chen Xiang had, dealing with these Dragon Demons was basically not a problem, let alone those little Dragon Demons that only had Tai Zun realm s, it was basically going to happen one at a time!

The mountains sank down one after another, shocking the Dragon Demons who were guarding this area. They immediately went to investigate and found that these mountains were hollowed out. Someone was actually secretly digging their mines.

The Dragon Demons were instantly enraged, and they all rushed over.

However, just as they were gathering here, many black shadows suddenly rushed up. They were all huge hairy mice. They all opened their mouths wide and looked at them.

Over five thousand rats were like locusts that surrounded the thousand Draconic Demons, releasing their formidable power and constantly biting and devouring them.

In the blink of an eye, all of the Dragon Demons from the Tai Zun realm were swallowed. Although the Dragon Demons from the Venerable ancestor realm could temporarily defend, this was just a meaningless struggle, they were already completely surrounded by the Heaven devouring rat.

"What exactly is this thing?" A powerful Dragon Demon shouted in fear. Originally, they, Dragon Demons, were already feared by many, but now, there was actually something that frightened them.

Before they could get any response, the suddenly small Heaven devouring rat had already drilled into their bodies, eating them all in an instant.

"These Dragon Demons are really good fodder!" Chen Xiang retrieved all the Heaven devouring rat s. Heaven devouring rat could eat anything, what’s more, they had the strong power of the Dragon Demon on them, so he was not afraid of not being able to digest the Dragon Demon.

Demonic dragons were created by the power of World Defying dragon demon, and when Heaven devouring rat ate this type of Demonic Dragon, it would only become stronger and stronger.

At that time, everyone in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum knew about it, and they were extremely envious of it. But now that the mine was dug up, all the Dragon Demons guarding the mine had all died.

This matter was known to the entire Colorful Forest in just a few short days. At this time, the other Dragon Demons in the Colorful Forest immediately rushed over to investigate this matter.

At this time, Chen Xiang was wandering in the Colorful Forest, searching for the mysterious World Defying Stage!

Let alone being alone, even if they were in a group, as long as they met Chen Xiang, they would be eaten by Chen Xiang’s Heaven devouring rat.

"Looks like I have to restrain myself a little. It would not be good if I can ’get’ this Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable fellow!" Chen Xiang didn’t want to face the World Defying Stage right now. Although it was a half-baked World Defying Stage, it was still very strong.

When Chen Xiang was searching for the Alchemist, he originally did not have a clue, but he had coincidentally heard it from an old Pink Blood Man. Even though the Alchemist appeared and disappeared mysteriously, he had left a secret mark on the tree trunk of the forest. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"This guy is so bored!" Chen Xiang released the Heaven devouring rat and allowed it to take human form. He looked around at the branches of the Colorful Forest to see if there were any hidden secrets.

A few days later, he did not find any hidden secrets, but he did find a few familiar faces!

"I remember that they are all from the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land!" Chen Xiang saw that the three middle aged men were all from Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land with decent strength, all of them were Venerable Ancestor Later-stage s.

"Why are they here?" Chen Xiang immediately took back the Heaven devouring rat, and then teleported near the location of the three people.

At this moment, they were talking!

One of the grey robed middle aged man said, "Our mission this time is to gather Evil Spirit ... But how do we get it faster? "

"The fastest way to gather evil energy is to kill those who are already demons, and then step into the path of evil, and then do some things specifically for evil, then you can gather a lot of evil energy." Another blue-robed middle-aged man said.

"I heard that there are many pure blooded people in Colorful Forest, and a lot of them are just slaves. Why don’t we go slaughter them, then we can gather some evil energy and hand it over to the High Priest." The middle-aged man in grey said with a smile.

"Alright, we were always being watched by this old rogue, Long Tengyun, so we wanted to do this a long time ago. Let’s go!" The blue-clothed middle-aged man laughed. Just as he was about to set off, he suddenly saw a white shadow float past him.

All of a sudden, they were on alert. They took out their swords and sabers, ready to fight.

With a flash of white, he suddenly appeared in front of them. When they saw this person, they were stunned!

Standing in front of them was a white clothed elderly man, who had a smile on his face, it was actually Long Tengyun!

Of course, this was not Long Tengyun herself, but Chen Xiang’s transformation.

"The three of you still remember me, it’s really my honor!" Chen Xiang chuckled, he had changed into Long Tengyun’s appearance just to catch these three people.

"Dragon ..." Long Tengyun, don’t think that we are afraid of you, you are just a piece of trash ... " After the middle-aged man in grey finished speaking, he suddenly remembered the white figure that they had seen earlier. The figure was extremely fast and had no aura. It had quietly appeared in front of them.

No matter how he looked at it, it did not seem like his cultivation had been crippled!

"Oh? Is that so? If I were a trash, would you dare to let me hit you? " Chen Xiang giggled, he did not care about whether the other party agreed or not, and teleported in front of the other party, as he waved his hand and slapped the middle-aged man’s face.

Pa! With a crisp sound, the middle aged man’s face was slapped on the face by Chen Xiang. After a thunderous sound, the face exploded and disappeared!

As for the body, it was lying unharmed on the ground. Its head had actually been smashed into thin air by the other party’s palm!

The other two middle-aged men trembled in fear. They knew how strong the grey-robed man who had been killed was. He had the same strength as them!

Even the Long Tengyun back then did not dare to provoke them, but now, Long Tengyun had killed one with a single slap!

"You ... You are not Long Tengyun, just who are you! " The blue clothed middle aged man swallowed his saliva, looked at Chen Xiang and roared, "The High Priest behind us is from the World Defying Stage, he’s right here!"

"I am Long Tengyun, I have obtained the inheritance of the Dragon Ancestor, I am now also the World Defying Stage’s!" Chen Xiang said as he walked over and killed the middle-aged man in black as easily as killing a mosquito.

He was sure that the person in front of him was World Defying Stage. He felt that no matter how large the gap between them was, it was only possible for him to be casually killed by someone with a single slap.

...