Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

If one had not gone to the Flying Dragon Experience Place to cultivate the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, the disparity between them would be extremely obvious! Especially when compared to someone like Chen Xiang who had gone to the Tenth Flying Dragon Experience Place, he appeared to be even weaker.

Previously, Flying Dragon Palace Leader was much stronger than the Leader because he could go to the Eighth Flying Dragon Experience Place. But now, the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage’s Dragon Demons had also reached a bottleneck, and the High Priest was no longer able to help them increase their strength, so he could only send them to the Flying Dragon Experience Place.

As a result, the Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land above the Eighth Flying Dragon Experience Place was taken over by the High Priest. What worries Chen Xiang is that the High Priest might have a way to help the Dragon Demons cultivate faster in the Flying Dragon Experience Place and produce many strong Venerable Ancestor Later-stage Dragon Demons. This is extremely disadvantageous for them. "

"You can’t be Long Tengyun, Long Tengyun has already been crippled, I saw it with my own eyes, it can’t be wrong, you can’t recover so fast!" Even though that was what the blue clothed middle aged man said, he had already believed it in his heart. Before this, he also knew that Long Tengyun had entered the Dragon Ancestor’s forbidden grounds before.

"Believe it or not!" "But you’re really useless, going in to be the High Priest’s lackey!" As Chen Xiang spoke, he released a spatial lock, preventing the blue-clothed middle-aged man from moving at all. Then, he placed his palm on the head and used the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell.

Chen Xiang did not successfully search through the blue-clothed middle aged man’s memories, and was protected by a wave of energy.

However, he still forced himself to search, wanting to break through that protective force. He didn’t expect that the middle-aged man’s soul would be severely injured, so he was now in a crazed state.

"Looks like these fellows are completely under the High Priest’s control. What a pity!" Chen Xiang released his Heaven devouring rat and ate all the people from Dragon Ancestor’s Mysterious Land.

After Chen Xiang settled this matter, he continued to search for the imprint left behind by the mysterious Alchemist. Previously, he used a large number of Heaven devouring rat but he did not manage to find it, so he guessed that it was not because the imprint was not nearby, but because those imprints might need a special method to see it. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

In the next few days, he used the Dao heart Eye to look at the big trees inside. He felt that he could use this method to see that kind of imprint.

His guess was not wrong, as expected, he saw the imprints when he used the Dao heart Eye, and the imprints were not on the outside of the tree, but on the inside. If he used his mind to sense them, he would be able to sense them, but he used the Dao heart Eye to detect them faster, and he could see them clearly.

He immediately walked in that direction, and quickly found another imprint. Just like this, he followed the direction of the imprints, and in about two days, he arrived at a place at the edge of Colorful Forest, where there were fewer flowers, plants, and trees, and a large piece of barren land.

"Is that master in such a remote place like Colorful Forest? There’s so little life here! " When Chen Xiang arrived, he did not find any other imprints. Instead, he saw something in the middle of the wasteland that looked like a protrusion.

He walked over to take a look, and a bald youth suddenly appeared. He cried out in fear and almost attacked.

"Big brother, stop!" The bald man shouted, "I won’t attack you!"

Chen Xiang took a small breath and asked, "Who are you? Why are you hiding here? "

"I’m a guide boy!" The bald youth shouted, "Are you looking for our master?"

Chen Xiang nodded. The master that the bald youth was talking about should be the Alchemist from World Defying Stage.

"I want to see him. Quick, take me there!" Chen Xiang said, he was truly happy to have such a Alchemist here.

The bald youth came out from the ground and patted off the sand on his body. "It’s not that easy to see him. However, if you really want to see him, you can do it for me!"

The bald youth pointed at the hole in the ground and said with a smile, "Every year, there will be many people looking for our master. If everyone wants to see him, wouldn’t he be very busy?"

"Did a lot of people come here?" Chen Xiang didn’t expect that, in his opinion, there weren’t many normal people in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum and someone would actually come here to find the Alchemist.

"Basically, there are around 10 every month! There are still a lot of people in Myriad Tao Mausoleum, don’t look down on Myriad Tao Mausoleum. " The bald youth chuckled, "Big brother, you first!"

Chen Xiang looked at the hole and did not have the desire to go down. However, in order to meet that master, he could only obediently go down and take a look.

After he went down, he immediately felt a suction force. Then, he naturally slid down to a bright hall. What surprised him was that there were quite a few people in this hall.

These people were all sitting cross-legged on the ground. In front of them were pill furnaces. They were actually concocting pills!

Chen Xiang immediately guessed that these people were the disciples of the Master, but from the words of the bald youth, he knew that his guess was wrong.

"They are all here to see the master. They are all trying their best to get the qualification to see the master." The bald youth laughed. "If you want to meet the master, you have to be like him!"

"Like them? What are they doing? " Chen Xiang knew that these people were concocting pills, but why did he need to concoct pills to be able to see the master?

"Big brother, you don’t know! I’ll have a word with you right now. " The bald youth then began to talk about the rules.

Very quickly, Chen Xiang understood everything. In order to meet the Great Master, he needed to complete the mission given by the Great Master.

For example, these people were all concocting a type of pill. And this kind of pill was extremely difficult to concoct. As long as the pill was concocted, they would be able to meet the master.

Moreover, if one wanted to participate in this kind of mission, the first step was to hand over five trillion Dao crystal for a spot.

Although it was worth five trillion, the Dao crystal s would not waste time on words. The bald youth told Chen Xiang that every year, the master would issue a new pill formula, and the master would provide enough medicinal ingredients as well as the trick to concoct the pill.

Therefore, this 5 trillion was equivalent to tuition fees. As long as one paid 5 trillion, even if one was unable to meet the master, one would still be able to learn many alchemy techniques here.

"With 5 trillion, I can study here for the rest of my life?" Chen Xiang felt that this was still quite a good deal.

"Of course not, 5 trillion is only 5 years! However, if you study seriously here for five years, your alchemy standard will definitely improve by a lot. " The bald youth laughed, "If you don’t know how to refine pills, you can hand over three trillion Dao crystal first. We will have someone to teach you how to refine pills!"

Chen Xiang suddenly felt that this was a place for learning pill refining. It sounded good, but he felt that it was kind of deceitful.