Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was considering whether he should join, he counted the people here, there were a total of 500 people, that was considered more, and all of them knew how to refine pills, in Myriad Tao Mausoleum, it was truly not easy.

"What kind of pills do you usually learn to refine?" Chen Xiang asked: "If learning a few is of no use, won’t we lose out?"

"It won’t be a loss, the pill formulas that our masters released were all useful to many people, for example this year’s pill formulas are called Heaven and Earth infinite Dan s!" The bald youth said, "Do you know what this pill is used for?"

Chen Xiang thought for a moment, and hearing the name was indeed hard to think of, he shook his head: "I don’t know, what’s the use of it?"

"Eating this pill will allow you to directly ingest a large amount of Myriad Tao’s power to cultivate the powerful Myriad Tao’s Golden Body. This is one of the ways to unleash the potential of the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage! If you are from Flying Dragon Pagoda, you must know that there is a method that can help you achieve your goals in cultivation in Flying Dragon Pagoda. " Although the bald youth looked like a youth, he knew quite a few things.

"Cultivate on the Flying Dragon Experience Place!" Chen Xiang said. Not long ago, he was in the Flying Dragon Experience Place, and had to go through a lot of pain to be able to reach the peak of the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage.

Even if you do not head to Flying Dragon Experience Place, you will be able to achieve the same result after eating the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan, and the results will be even faster. The bald youth arrogantly said, "This is the power of our Myriad Tao Dan God. Only he can create such a pill formula!"

"That master is called Myriad Tao Dan God?" This was the first time Chen Xiang had heard of this name. It sounded like it had something to do with the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor.

"Yes, are you interested now? Hurry up and join us! " The bald youth raised his eyebrows and winked at Chen Xiang. Chen Xiang felt that in the eyes of the bald youth, he was just like a fish in water that was easy to scam.

"There’s another benefit. If you can learn how to refine a type of pill, you will receive the reward of five hundred billion Dao crystal." The bald youth said.

"Can you reduce it?" Chen Xiang asked: "I don’t have enough Dao crystal!"

If he really could get a few good pill formulas, Chen Xiang felt that it wouldn’t be a big deal to get Dao crystal s. After all, the other party had provided him with the medicinal ingredients.

"How many Dao crystal do you have?" The bald youth saw that Chen Xiang had his own way of thinking and thought that he could make way, so he asked.

"3 trillion!" Chen Xiang said.

"This is too little!" The bald youth frowned. "Are you really that few?"

Chen Xiang was currently a simple and honest middle-aged man. He scratched his head, then nodded: "I was originally looking for a secret inheritance array, then heard that there was a master here, so I came here to look for him."

The inheritance secret array required three trillion Dao crystal to activate, which was something many people knew. The majority of them had accumulated three trillion Dao crystal and went to search for the inheritance secret array.

"Fine, 3 trillion is 3 trillion. You can study here for 5 years. We will provide you with medicine." The bald youth sighed, then nodded and agreed.

Chen Xiang knew that it had a price to it, so he looked down on the bald youth and purposely made himself look like a teenager so that he could lower the guard towards him and make it easier for him to trick others.

Following that, the bald youth and Chen Xiang even signed a contract, which made Chen Xiang feel a lot more at ease.

"Just call me Little Light in the future, I’m responsible for everything here." Little Light said with a smile, "If you encounter any danger, you can also hide here. We will definitely protect you."

Chen Xiang was very curious about the place, but it seemed like there was a very strong force here. Even though the Xiao Guang in front of him looked like a teenager, Chen Xiang did not know his cultivation, so he was not weak.

"Can I start to learn that Heaven and Earth infinite Dan now?" Chen Xiang asked, he felt that this pill was more useful to him, because it could absorb the Myriad Tao’s power.

After stepping into the World Defying Stage, he would need to cultivate the World Defying soul and the Primordial Body, and he would need to absorb a large amount of Myriad Tao’s power, so this kind of Heaven and Earth infinite Dan would definitely be of great help to him.

"Of course!" He then took out a jade chip for Chen Xiang and said, "There is information about the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan in there. Take a good look at it first!"

Chen Xiang sent his consciousness in, and very quickly, he had a very clear understanding of the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan.

Heaven and Earth infinite Dan is an arrogant profound core!

Amongst the prideful stage of the pellet, there were three more commonly seen. The first was the prideful profound pellet, the second was the World Defying holy Dan, and the third was the prideful divine pellet.

This was Chen Xiang’s first time hearing of such a thing. Of course, he knew that these pills were not easy to refine, and the ingredients needed must also be very special.

Very quickly, Little Light arrived. He passed Chen Xiang a jade box and said: "There are ingredients for refining Heaven and Earth infinite Dan inside! Oh right, I forgot to tell you, this Heaven and Earth infinite Dan is this year’s main topic. If you can refine it, you will receive the reward of one trillion Dao crystal! "

Previously, when he learnt to refine a type of pill, he would obtain the Dao crystal’s reward. At that time, Chen Xiang had doubts, but he did not ask about it.

"Can anyone learn it? Aren’t you afraid of losing money? There are hundreds of Alchemist s here, if you were to learn all of them, then you would need to give me hundreds of billions of Dao crystal! " Chen Xiang said. At this time, he and Little Light were in a quiet stone room, and outside the room was the great hall. A large number of Alchemist were there seriously refining pills.

Little Light laughed, "It’s not so easy to learn Myriad Tao Dan God’s pill formulas, so we’re not afraid of that happening! In fact, the prize money we give out each year is only one or two trillion! "

Chen Xiang curled his lips: "So that’s how it is, your Myriad Tao Dan God’s pellets are really hard to learn!"

Little Light patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder and said: "Your bones are extraordinary, and there’s a master’s demeanor between your eyebrows. You will definitely learn it, do not be discouraged! Furthermore, learning how to refine pills wasn’t something that could be accomplished in a day or a night. Especially Apothecary Mu, it was much more difficult! "If you are unable to learn it within five years, it will take ten years or even a hundred years. Our proud Pill Academy will welcome you at any time!"

Chen Xiang had already known that this was a big trap, how could learning to refine the Everlasting Pellet be that easy?

"Un, thank you for your guidance!" Chen Xiang hurriedly nodded. He felt that he could receive the three trillion Dao crystal rewards within five years.

"There are ten portions of medicinal herbs. Try to see if you can refine them yourself first. We will provide ten portions of medicinal herbs to you free of charge. If you want more, you will need to buy more!" "Not expensive, just 10 billion." "Yes."

Chen Xiang had known that there would be such a trap, and it was completely within his expectations. He only nodded his head.

...RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com