Little Light saw that Chen Xiang had no objections and was very happy in his heart. It was as if he was looking at Chen Xiang sending a large amount of Dao crystal to him nonstop in the future.

Chen Xiang had his own secret room here, he could also go to the main hall to refine pills with everyone.

Chen Xiang liked him to be alone, so he chose to refine in the secret room here. When he arrived inside the secret room, he found out that the several hundred Alchemist s in the hall were only the tip of the iceberg. And there were also many Alchemist s in the group of secret rooms here who came to learn from here.

"Why are there so many good Alchemist s in this Myriad Tao Mausoleum?" Chen Xiang was very surprised. When he was in the Flying Dragon Pagoda, he did not encounter many outstanding Alchemist s.

However, this prideful Pill Academy actually had a few thousand students!

"Next time when we go out, ask Little Light!" Chen Xiang needed to hurry up and concoct the pills, his goal was to enter the World Defying Stage and try his best to prevent the High Priest from helping the World Defying dragon demon to break the seal.

"Unparalleled Mysterious Pill ..." I wonder if it can be of any help to me. " Chen Xiang already had the means to step into the World Defying Stage and he knew how to cultivate it, but it was still rather difficult.

For example, cultivating the World Defying soul and the Primordial Body required a large amount of Myriad Tao’s power to support it. Even if he was to madly absorb the energy from the Tenth Flying Dragon Experience Place, it would be difficult to achieve such a thing in a short period of time.

"I wonder if there are any Heaven and Earth infinite Dan that can be bought already!" Chen Xiang thought about it as he left the secret room to look for Xiao Guang.

After Xiao Guang finished receiving Chen Xiang, he went back to busy himself with other matters. When Chen Xiang came out of the secret room, he could not find.

"This damned baldy, once you’ve earned my Dao crystal, I will not care about it anymore!" Chen Xiang cursed a few times in his heart, and then, he asked around and found out that there was a place that specialized in selling medicinal pellets.

There was a very big underground palace here. Chen Xiang was looking at a map on a very wide corridor, and soon found the location of the medicinal pills being sold.

He arrived after walking for a short while. The Ao Dan Pavilion was quite lively, when Chen Xiang arrived at the entrance, a few people walked out.

"It’s hard to imagine that there’s such an underground city under the Colorful Forest!" Chen Xiang suddenly felt that this Pill Academy was a small city.

"Myriad Tao Dan God would definitely be rich, harvesting a large amount of Dao crystal every second." Chen Xiang thought so.

After he entered the Auland Pavilion, a tall and pretty lady hastily came over with a smile on her face. With a sweet voice, she asked: "Brother, do you need to buy any pills?"

"Do you have any Heaven and Earth infinite Dan s to sell?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Yes, please follow me!" Then, she anxiously invited Chen Xiang to a counter: "We can buy it here!"

Chen Xiang came to the counter and an old man smiled at Chen Xiang as if he was looking at a fat sheep. He said: "Brother, buy a Heaven and Earth infinite Dan, right?"

"Yes, how much?" Chen Xiang had already secretly guessed the price.

"One trillion Dao crystal pills!" The old man said.

Even though Chen Xiang was mentally prepared, he still wanted to curse at others. This was way higher than he had imagined, for he thought he would only need a hundred billion Dao crystal s per pellet.

"Can you reduce it?" Chen Xiang asked.

"That’s already quite a bit. If you can refine it, then sell it to me. I, Ninety Five Million Dao crystal will take it from you." The old man said, "This pill is very expensive and very difficult to refine. So far, there have only been three students who have successfully refined it. They have all obtained a reward of one trillion yuan."

Chen Xiang was more surprised that there was actually someone who could refine it.

Right now, he only wanted to know the effects of these pills, and concocting them himself was still rather difficult. If it did not have any effect on him, he would choose another type of pill and would not waste too much time on these Heaven and Earth infinite Dan.

"Alright, I’ll buy it!" Chen Xiang took out a trillion Dao crystal to buy it. He knew that this was only a temporary loss, and he would definitely earn it back in the future.

After buying it, he returned to his secret room and ate it.

"Is it really useful?" After consuming it, Chen Xiang immediately activated the Myriad Tao Divine Arts. At this time, he had a new understanding of the Myriad Tao Divine Arts, and if the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan is useful, he could try the Myriad Tao Divine Arts as well.

Although it was his first time coming into contact with a Heaven and Earth infinite Dan, he knew that the quality of the pellet was not bad. After he ate it, he immediately felt a very strange burst of Myriad Tao power.

After the power from Myriad Tao surged out, it also produced a strange power, allowing him to absorb the surrounding Dao energy and convert it into the power of Myriad Tao!

At this moment, he felt that the rate at which he was absorbing the Myriad Tao’s power was multiple times faster than when he was at the tenth stage. As he operated the Myriad Tao’s Sacred Art, the surge of Myriad Tao’s power was quickly refined by him and continued to strengthen his Six souls and the Myriad Tao’s body!

This pill could help him obtain a large amount of Myriad Tao’s power, but the power of Myriad Tao was not enough to help him break through to World Defying Stage. Furthermore, it did not last for a long time with only twenty hours.

"It’s not bad. If I were to use the Crash method to refine more, after the quality increases, the effects would become even stronger." Chen Xiang took a deep breath. "As expected of the Primordial Pellet, it helped me to step into the World Defying Stage!"

After Chen Xiang determined the effects of the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan, he decided that he would need to learn how to refine this pill. Whether it was for sale or to raise his own cultivation, it would be of great use to him. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

He was sure that it would be difficult to refine. After all, this was a pretty good pill!

"I have to say, this Myriad Tao Dan God really has some skills!" Before, Chen Xiang wanted to find the Myriad Tao Dan God to see if there were any good pill formulas in there. Even though he hadn’t seen the Myriad Tao Dan God yet, he had gotten such a good pill formula.

Chen Xiang planned to refine a little more and then find the Time Ghost to eat. That way, he would be able to save a lot of time.

Following that, he began to attempt refining. Initially, he used the most conservative method, but it was to no avail. The main reason was that the ingredients were difficult to refine. Then, he used the World Defying god fire to burn them for an entire day and night, but there was no reaction at all.

Just like that, after playing with it for three days, that batch of medicinal ingredients entered and mysteriously died!

"Damn it, the recipe never said something like this would happen, it only said that the ingredient was stubborn and would need to be burned for a long time. Once the ingredient softens, the fire will increase and the ingredient will be burned!" Chen Xiang silently cursed a few times. He guessed that it was because he had used the World Defying god fire to burn himself that such a situation had occurred.

...