Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang’s refining technique could only be done by himself, so even if he told others how to refine it, no one else would know, but he could provide some ideas to others.

"I’ve finally succeeded. I’ll take one and take a look!" After Chen Xiang ate a golden Heaven and Earth infinite Dan, he had a look of enjoyment. After all, he refined it himself, so it tasted better.

Very quickly, just like the last time when he ate the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan, he felt a very strong burst of Myriad Tao energy exploding inside his body, quickly merging into his body and even helping him to absorb the outside Dao energy and convert it into Myriad Tao power. "

After refining this pellet, Chen Xiang opened his eyes and said with a grin: "It’s done. Because the quality is high, it’s a lot better than the pellet I bought last time."

Chen Xiang planned to sell the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan in his hands right now. This could be exchanged for about two trillion Dao crystal.

The one before, if you could learn how to refine a type of pill, you would be rewarded with one trillion Dao crystal. The tuition fee he taught previously was three trillion Dao crystal, and he felt that it would return to him very soon.

"Go find that bastard Little Light." Chen Xiang excitedly left the secret room and went to the great hall to wait for Little Light. Previously, Ding Yu Chen said that Little Light would appear in the great hall from time to time.

Chen Xiang stood at the entrance of the tunnel and looked at the people inside the hall who were refining pills. Ding Yuchen was also refining pills.

Just like this, Chen Xiang waited for two days, but did not see Little Light.

Chen Xiang suddenly sensed that there were people approaching from behind. He was not Xiao Guang, because Xiao Guang did not have any Qi, and the man behind did not hide his Qi at all.

This person’s aura was extremely arrogant. Chen Xiang didn’t even need to turn his head to know that this person was one of those arrogant fellows.

He didn’t plan to turn around to look either, but who would have thought that when this person walked over quickly, he would actually hit his shoulder fiercely, directly sending him flying a few steps. Moreover, it even caused Chen Xiang to feel pain in his shoulder.

"What are you doing?" Chen Xiang was enraged, and said coldly.

"Hmph, you deserve to be hit by me while standing here!" The man looked up and down at Chen Xiang, his expression extremely arrogant, and his tone extremely arrogant. Are you not convinced? I’ll hit you if I hit you, what’s wrong? "

This person was a young man wearing a set of purple clothes. Although his appearance wasn’t bad, his currently arrogant face made people feel that he was ugly.

"Why did you hit me? This road is so big, and I’m standing against the wall, it can’t stop you! " Chen Xiang clenched his fists tightly, the tone was filled with anger, even if the other party was a World Defying Stage, he would not be afraid.

"Yo, you actually still have a temper!?" Do you know who I am? You actually dare to yell at me, go and find out who I am! " The purple clothed man laughed and mocked a few times, looking at Chen Xiang with disdain.

Just as Chen Xiang wanted to speak, Ding Yu Chen who was concocting pills at this moment hurried over and sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang at the same time: "Chen Xiang, this guy is one of the three who was able to concoct Heaven and Earth infinite Dan s. Don’t provoke him, he has quite a lot of power here, and many people would stand on his side to curry favor with him."

"Forget it, it’s just a misunderstanding!" Ding Yu Chen immediately pulled Chen Xiang. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Ding Yu Chen and the purple-clothed man thought that Chen Xiang would make the deal, but Chen Xiang’s body suddenly moved, he instantly appeared in front of the purple-clothed man, and chopped down at his shoulder with a hand blade!

Kacha!

He only saw the purple-clothed man’s arm suddenly shake, he had already been dislocated by Chen Xiang, and the purple-clothed man also cried out in pain!

"You deliberately bumped into me. I’ll call back. We owe each other nothing." Chen Xiang was not afraid of this fellow. If he were to be investigated, he would just teleport away.

"How dare you hit me ... "You ..." The purple-clothed man was furious, his face had already been distorted by anger.

The pill refiners woke up one by one. They all knew about what had just happened. The purple robed man was extremely famous here. Although he was arrogant, no one dared to do anything to him. Many people had to treat him with respect.

But now, he was actually beaten up by someone!

Seeing the purple-clothed man’s angry face, Chen Xiang could not hold back and uncontrollably waved his hand towards him!

Pow!

Chen Xiang slapped the purple clothed man hard once again, sending him flying with quite a bit of force!

"Once you refine the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan, you can act arrogant, right? I can also refine it too, so if I can be arrogant too, I’ll slap your face, what’s wrong?" If you have the guts, come and fight back! " Chen Xiang walked over, but was stopped by Ding Yu Chen.

"I will kill you!" The purple-clothed man roared and was about to rush over, but Little Light suddenly appeared.

No one knew when he arrived here, exactly why he appeared here. Then, his body released a surge of force, forcing the purple clothed man and Chen Xiang back into the two walls of the passageway.

"Is that all?" Little Light’s expression was serious as he asked.

Xiao Guang was the person in charge here, he naturally knew the purple robed man very well, he was one of the few people that was able to refine Heaven and Earth infinite Dan, he did not know much about Chen Xiang, because Chen Xiang had just arrived.

"He attacked me first." Chen Xiang scoffed, then explained the situation to her, "This guy didn’t say anything about hitting me, but he’s still very arrogant, so I hit him!"

The purple-clothed man was extremely angry. He had received a fierce slap in public, so many people would definitely laugh at him in his heart. This kind of feeling made him go mad.

"Both of you are at fault! First of all, you. "Right, what’s your name?" Xiao Guang did not know Chen Xiang’s name, and Chen Xiang had not mentioned it before.

"Chen Xiang!" Chen Xiang said.

Little Light furrowed his brows, his mouth constantly chanting these two words: "Chen Xiang... Chen Xiang, what a familiar name, could it be ... Was it Chen Xiang who entered the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall back then? "

"That’s right!" Chen Xiang revealed his true appearance, and said: "I never thought that in the past, there would still be someone who would recognize me!"

Many of the people here were old fellows, and their memories of what happened back then were still fresh in their minds. Back when Chen Xiang had entered the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall, the few powerful ancestors had all been beaten up by him.

Regarding Chen Xiang, some people knew a lot about him.

"I heard that Chen Xiang’s body fused with the Heavenly Alchemy soul, and his pill refining skills are also extremely high!" An old man said. Back then, when Chen Xiang released a large number of Dragon Magic Dan s from the Flying Dragon Pagoda, he was still very famous.

The purple clothed man sneered: "So what? Back then, is it possible for him to refine Heaven and Earth infinite Dan? "

"Of course I can refine it!" Chen Xiang laughed blandly: Furthermore, I have never talked about refining a Heaven and Earth infinite Dan. There is nothing to brag about about about, I shouldn’t be so complacent that I bite people like a dog.