Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

At this time, the purple-clothed man also knew that Chen Xiang had just come in. He had only come in not too long ago, and had already learned how to refine Heaven and Earth infinite Dan.

"Anybody can say it, why don’t you refine a batch for me to see!" The purple clothed man sneered: "Don’t boast!"

"If you want me to refine it, then I will refine it?" Chen Xiang curled his lips: "Of course, I will refine a cauldron. After all, learning how to refine Heaven and Earth infinite Dan will give you a reward of one trillion Dao crystal!"

Chen Xiang looked at Little Light, Little Light nodded his head and said: "If you can really refine them, then you can start refining now!"

Xiao Guang understood Chen Xiang quite well, back then everyone wanted to know what my Heavenly Alchemy stone wall was hiding, but after ten thousand years, everyone forgot about it. Now that they see Chen Xiang here, that kind of curiosity surfaced in their hearts.

"Alright, I’ll start forging now!" Chen Xiang said: "I don’t have any more medicinal ingredients ... ... Can you give me one? "

These were all divine medicine that could outshine the world, it would take a while for the Mei Jing Sisters to grow them, since Little Light had a lot of these medicine anyway, so he decided to shamelessly ask for them.

Xiao Guang gave Chen Xiang a set of medicinal ingredients.

Chen Xiang came to an empty place and took out his Tianchuang furnace. Looking at the purple-clothed man who had an unhappy face, he laughed: "Do you want us to compete to see who can refine the fastest and best?"

"So what if we want to compete? Are we afraid of you? If you lose, you have to give me three Heaven and Earth infinite Dan and then give me three slaps. " The purple-clothed man had a lot of confidence in himself. For someone as arrogant as him, he wouldn’t be arrogant if he didn’t have confidence in himself.

"Okay, if you lose, you have to give me three Heaven and Earth infinite Dan, and then give me three slaps." Chen Xiang said. He had not come to this gamble for a very long time, so he was very interested in this.

Little Light shook his head and could only watch from the side. This kind of thing was something that the two of them had agreed to, so he couldn’t stop them. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

After both of them took out their pill furnaces, Little Light shouted, "Starting now, the time limit is one month! A person’s status is determined by their overall quality. "

Chen Xiang had previously learned from Ding Yuchen that refining a batch of Heaven and Earth infinite Dan required a long time, and one month was considered very fast.

From the start, the people around them all opened their eyes wide and concentrated. None of them could refine Heaven and Earth infinite Dan, so they hoped to see what experiences or insights they could gain from this battle.

When Chen Xiang refined it, he used the World Defying god fire and his unique method of blood refinement to refine it.

The furnace that he had previously refined was completed in less than ten days. And this was the second time that he was refining it. With his previous experience, he would be able to complete it faster than before!

Refining such an arrogant profound core already took a long time, and currently, the surrounding Alchemist s all knew that, so they could only wait patiently after one or two months.

Time passed by quickly, and in the blink of an eye, eight days had gone by!

Just today, Chen Xiang suddenly shouted out: "I’m done refining!"

Everyone was startled, thinking that Chen Xiang was just joking, since it would be boring for them to wait here.

However, looking at Chen Xiang’s expression, he was not joking!

Because Chen Xiang had already opened the lid of the pill furnace.

Chen Xiang had really finished refining, and it had only been eight days, and he had already refined the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan!

The purple-clothed man did not dare believe it, this purple-clothed man had some background. Chen Xiang had just found out that there were a lot of these kinds of families in Myriad Tao Mausoleum, their overall strength was not bad, and they were also people that the big powers did not dare to provoke.

The family that the purple-clothed man belonged to was called Yuan Family, it had been developing in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum for a long time. The entire Yuan Family was quite strong, and there were also quite a few good Alchemist.

His name was Yuan Guangxuan, and he had been learning alchemy since he was young. He had been studying for many years, and it was said that he was not the strongest young man in the Yuan family, and only because his father was respected and respected in the Yuan family, he was able to obtain a large number of Dao crystal s from the Yuan family.

Yuan Guangxuan was very clear about the difficulty and time needed to refine Heaven and Earth infinite Dan! Yet Chen Xiang in front of him was able to refine it within eight days. This was something that he found hard to accept, so he still could not believe it!

Little Light knew that Chen Xiang had succeeded. The moment Chen Xiang opened the lid of the pill furnace, he immediately felt the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan’s aura.

Little Light walked over and saw three high quality Heaven and Earth infinite Dan s. He could not help but exclaim in his heart!

There were Alchemist s who could refine Heaven and Earth infinite Dan, and all the Elders in the academy knew how to refine them, but they could at most refine one or two of them! Only Myriad Tao Dan God could refine three or four pills.

This kind of astonishing strength shocked Little Light.

"Little Light, can you make a decision? There shouldn’t be any problems with my Heaven and Earth infinite Dan!" Chen Xiang laughed.

"No problem, you really did produce three pills!" Then, he took out a Storage bag. There was a trillion Dao crystal inside.

Anyone who could learn how to refine Heaven and Earth infinite Dan would receive a trillion Dao crystal. This was something that he had promised before.

To be able to produce three pills in just eight days was already unbelievable, but at this moment, everyone heard that Chen Xiang could actually refine three pills. If he did not do so, they would not believe him, it was even more ridiculous for them.

Yuan Guangxuan could not sit still, he never thought that Chen Xiang’s strength was so terrifying! At this moment, he was sweating profusely!

"Is it not done? I’ll come back when it’s time, so you can slowly refine it first! " Chen Xiang looked at the person on the other side who was related, and then handed over the three Heaven and Earth infinite Dan he had refined to him: "You should judge the overall quality!"

Little Light tested the quality of the elixirs. The total value was over three hundred thousand. To the Grand Pride Xuan Pellet, this was considered extremely high quality. One pellet was worth over a hundred thousand!

One had to know that the quality of the pills sold in the pavilion was only about eighty thousand.

"Alright, then I’ll go back and rest first. I’ll come out again when it’s time." When Chen Xiang left, he sent a sound transmission to Ding Yuchen, asking him to follow her.

Ding Yu Chen immediately followed him. At this moment, he was very excited as he didn’t expect that he would actually know a person that could refine Heaven and Earth infinite Dan. Although this person was young, he respected the elderly very much.

He knew that he was going to lose. No matter what happened, he would lose!

Chen Xiang told Ding Yuchen about some of the key points of refining Heaven and Earth infinite Dan. This gave Ding Yuchen a great deal of inspiration, so he hurriedly returned to the secret room to refine Heaven and Earth infinite Dan.

After around twenty days, Chen Xiang arrived at the great hall. At this time, Yuan Guangxuan had not finished refining the pill, which showed how big of a gap there was between him and Chen Xiang. In his heart, he also hated Chen Xiang to the bone!