Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang’s talent in alchemy was indeed heaven-defying, not to mention an arrogant, short-sighted disciple like Yuan Guangxuan, even Xiao Guang did not expect Chen Xiang to be so powerful when refining Heaven and Earth infinite Dan.

"You lost!" When Chen Xiang saw Yuan Guangxuan taking out a decent quality Heaven and Earth infinite Dan from the pill furnace, he said with a disdainful tone, "According to the agreement, you know you should do this, right?"

The corners of his eyes twitched, wishing that he could fight with Chen Xiang for his life. However, he was still able to maintain a bit of rationality, and he knew that if he were to make a move here, the consequences would be dire.

"Give me three Heaven and Earth infinite Dan. If there are none, replace them with Dao crystal. One Myriad Tao Crystal." Chen Xiang said.

Since Yuan Guangxuan was able to refine Heaven and Earth infinite Dan, he himself still had some left over. He unwillingly took out three Heaven and Earth infinite Dan s and gave them to Chen Xiang.

"Although the quality is a bit worse than mine, it’s still not bad." Chen Xiang chuckled, and then kept the three pellets properly.

"Chen Xiang, don’t push me too far. Don’t think that you can be arrogant just because you refined Heaven and Earth infinite Dan better than me." Yuan Guangxuan said angrily.

As for whether I can be arrogant or not, I don’t know. All I know is that if I win against you, I can slap you three times. "Chen Xiang’s face was full of smiles. "As a man, if you’re willing to bet, you have to admit defeat!"

Yuan Guangxuan was only thinking about it. He was already very angry at Chen Xiang, so he didn’t want him to do it.

Yuan Guangxuan did not feel like he and Chen Xiang had any sort of blood contract, and furthermore, he gave Chen Xiang three Heaven and Earth infinite Dan s. He felt that he was pretty good, so it would be fine even if he did not give Chen Xiang three slaps.

Yuan Guangxuan would rather be lazy and be laughed at by others than be beaten up by Chen Xiang. Hence, he immediately gathered his strength and charged towards a tunnel!

However, just as he took two steps, his body was suddenly frozen. He didn’t know what kind of power it was, but he felt like his body couldn’t move at all.

It was the power Chen Xiang had released to imprison space, preventing him from moving!

"How manly! He’s willing to admit defeat, and he’s in such a hurry to beat me up, he’s actually rushing over here!" Chen Xiang laughed, and with a stride, he had arrived at Yuan Guang Xuan. A ball of extremely strong burning flame suddenly appeared in his hand, flickering with rays of fiery lightning.

"Are you ready?" After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he suddenly swung his palm that seemed to be filled with the power of thunder and fury.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

A very violent explosion that shook the entire hall, causing it to shake slightly, the people there were also shocked, the aura that Chen Xiang released just now was extremely scorching, but it made their backs shiver!

Not only was Chen Xiang an incredible alchemist, his strength was also terrifying. They were even more certain that he had obtained a powerful inheritance from the Heavenly Alchemy stone wall, otherwise he wouldn’t have been so terrifying.

Yuan Guangxuan’s face was covered up by Chen Xiang’s slap. The flame and lightning that exploded out enveloped his head, and after the flame and lightning disappeared, Yuan Guangxuan’s face no longer had the arrogance from before, because it had already become charred black like charcoal!

"Chen Xiang... I must kill you. " Although Chen Xiang’s palm was scary, Yuan Guangxuan was not a pushover. He had already channeled his power onto his face to block it, but he still felt pain, and being humiliated by others was even more painful for him.

"Humph!" Chen Xiang let out a cold snort, and then heavily slapped Yuan Guangxuan’s face again. This slap made the previous one even more powerful, it made Yuan Guangxuan’s eyes shine with stars, and he spat out blood.

At this moment, Yuan Guangxuan was speechless, but he was still conscious!

Just as Chen Xiang was about to give his third slap, a middle-aged man came out of nowhere.

"Xuan’er... "What is he doing!?" The old man came out from a passage, which was the secret room entrance of the Alchemist. Chen Xiang immediately knew that this old man was definitely an old man from the Yuan Family.

"Grandfather, quick ... Hurry and save me! " Yuan Guangxuan struggled to shout, "Quickly kill this bastard!"

When the Yuan clan elders saw that Little Light was also here, they immediately understood that this was most likely due to Little Light’s approval. However, he still shouted in anger, "Stop!"

Chen Xiang ignored the elder of the Yuan Family and swung his hand down ... Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"You’re courting death!" The Yuan elder snorted angrily and anxiously rushed forward, at the same time, he released a formless energy, wanting to stop Chen Xiang’s hand from falling down.

However, Chen Xiang immediately used his spatial energy to place him and Yuan Guangxuan in an independent Space Domain, so no amount of energy could enter his space.

Therefore, he still slapped Yuan Guangxuan’s face with his palm that contained a lot of power, and sent him flying.

After the third slap, Yuan Guangxuan’s face was no longer the same. As he flew out, he coincidentally bumped into the Yuan Family elder and was caught.

"What the hell is going on?" The elders of the Yuan family were extremely angry, especially as they watched their own family’s juniors being bullied.

"It is only natural and right to admit defeat if you are willing to gamble! Furthermore, this was something that he had found himself, and could not be blamed on others. If he had to blame someone, then blame himself. " After Chen Xiang finished speaking, without even turning his head back, he walked towards a passage, heading towards the Ao Dan Pavilion.

After Chen Xiang left, Little Light walked over to explain what had just happened and told the Yuan Family elders why he did not stop him ...

Chen Xiang Pride Pill House mainly sold the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan s.

He had previously used so many Dao crystal s here, he needed to earn them back. Moreover, he also needed to buy some medicinal herbs and learn to refine other pills, which would require a lot of Dao crystal s in the future.

Last time, the old man from the Ao Dan Pavilion said that as long as he could refine a Heaven and Earth infinite Dan, he would be able to sell it here. Now that he had already refined it, he brought the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan with him and hurried over.

Seeing Chen Xiang bringing so many Heaven and Earth infinite Dan to sell, the old man was shocked. After confirming that the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan was correct, he bought them for a trillion each, because the quality of the three pellets was not bad, which was why he gave him an extra five hundred Myriad Tao Crystals.

The Mei Jing Sisters inside the You Yao Mountain Villa had already grown many s, Chen Xiang did not need to buy any from there, after obtaining the six trillion Dao crystal, he ran back to the secret room excitedly, and prepared to concoct the pill head on!

If he wanted to eat it, he would have to eat the Crash method. Not only was the quality extremely high, it was also a pill from a Spiritual God.

Chen Xiang returned to the secret room. Right now, he needed to rest, and then, he would use the Crash method to refine Heaven and Earth infinite Dan, or perhaps find the Time Ghost.

He rested for the entire day and was preparing to leave to find the Time Ghost, but at this time, someone suddenly and violently smashed his stone room’s door, barging in!