Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was extremely shocked, all of them were dressed in black, with masks on their face, their Profound Spirit Qi was concealed, he did not know who they were, but he knew their goal.

"They are all very strong. Just who are they?" They are here to capture me! " Chen Xiang was about to teleport away, but he did not expect his body to suddenly feel weak, as though he had been poisoned. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"I’ve been poisoned!" This caused Chen Xiang to be extremely shocked, he was extremely confident in his ability to resist the poison, but now he was actually hit, and was unable to circulate his cultivation, causing him to be unable to use his spatial energy to escape!

"Stop struggling!" A black-clothed man took out a web to trap Chen Xiang, then dragged him away.

"Who are you? Why did you want to capture me? " Chen Xiang felt that it was impossible for it to have something to do with him dealing with Yuan Guangxuan.

"The Vice Principal wants to capture you. The main reason is because you cheated when competing with Yuan Guangxuan in pill refining. Not only did you lie to us, the proud Pill Academy, to obtain our Dao crystal, but you also injured Yuan Guangxuan. So now, we want to capture you to receive punishment."

When Chen Xiang heard the black-clothed man’s words, he could not help but be stunned. This was actually related to Yuan Guangxuan. How could the Yuan family be so powerful? They could actually get help from the vice principal of the Proud World Pill Academy.

Very quickly, Chen Xiang was brought to a pitch black stone room.

He saw the elder from the Yuan clan and another white-haired old man, whom he guessed to be the Vice Principal.

"Chen Xiang, you cheated, causing everyone to think that Yuan Guangxuan had lost to you, allowing you to earn the rewards of our One Myriad Tao Crystal. You even had the chance to humiliate Yuan Guangxuan, and almost destroyed a good seedling like him." The vice Principal sneered, "Do you know your crimes?"

Little Light saw it with his own eyes, and he also appraised the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan that I had refined. The quality is very good! Furthermore, my Heaven and Earth infinite Dan was also sold to the Ao Dan Pavilion. After the Ao Dan Pavilion’s confirmation, they bought my Heaven and Earth infinite Dan. " Chen Xiang slowly said, fearless.

"You still dare to quibble? You must have cheated and the evidence is already conclusive!" All those Heaven and Earth infinite Dan you refined are fake, they can only be passed on for the time being! Hand over the six trillion Dao crystal that you have sold! And... "Guangxuan, come in!" The vice principal said.

Seeing Yuan Guangxuan come in, Chen Xiang laughed coldly in his heart.

"Chen Xiang, I said that I would definitely kill you, but this is definitely not now, haha ..." Yuan Guangxuan started laughing maniacally after he entered, and then quickly walked in front of Chen Xiang and tried to slap his face.

"Little bastard, go die!" Chen Xiang became angry in his heart, and then let Long Qiumu, who was from the You Yao Mountain Villa s, out.

Long Qiumu already knew that Chen Xiang had been captured, her sudden appearance caused everyone to be extremely surprised, but by the time they had reacted, the black sword in Long Qiumu’s hand had already pierced Yuan Guangxuan’s body by thousands of times, and Yuan Guangxuan was already badly mutilated.

"Die!" Long Qiumu shouted as she waved her sword to release a ball of white sword qi, slicing Yuan Guangxuan’s body into eight pieces. Then, her body trembled, and released a burst of cold air.

"It’s the Dragon magic poison!" The Vice Principal shouted in shock, and after the few black-clothed men who just came heard it, they immediately stood in place motionlessly, only to see them releasing a barrier of Qi, so that they would not be invaded by the Dragon magic poison.

Long Qiumu said to Chen Xiang via sound transmission, "You have been infected by a mutated Dragon magic poison, do you know how to cure the poison?" She had just finished speaking when her expression slightly changed. Then, she grabbed Chen Xiang and rushed towards the stone door, escaping the stone room.

Chen Xiang immediately took out the Dragon Magic Dan and swallowed it. He didn’t dare to guarantee that this pill would be useful to him, but he could only try.

Long Qiumu lowered his voice and said, "This damned place is truly terrifying, there’s actually such a powerful Dragon Demon hidden here. I don’t know if it’s the World Defying Stage’s, but that aura makes my heart tremble."

Long Qiumu encountered many powerful Venerable Ancestor Later-stage s in the passageway, but none of them were her opponent. She flew all the way while swinging her sword, injuring many people who came along the way.

When Long Qiumu reached the end of the passage, a dense black qi suddenly appeared there. After the black qi appeared, it immediately gathered together and turned into a tall and sturdy middle-aged man!

"Father!" When Long Qiumu saw this middle-aged man, he was startled for a moment before frowning, "Don’t stop me!"

Strictly speaking, Long Qiumu was raised by Supreme Dragon Demon Ancestral Founder, Long Qiumu was raised by the Dragon Devil Grandmother, she did not have much blood relation to the Dragon Devil Ancestral Founder in front of her, but after all, they had been together for a period of time, so they still had some feelings for each other!

Long Qiumu had been saved a few times by Chen Xiang, and it was even because of Chen Xiang that she could become so strong now ... If her father wanted to kill Chen Xiang, she would definitely not agree. Even if she had to risk her life, she had to bring Chen Xiang out.

"Hurry up!" "Don’t ever come back here again!" Dragon Demon Sovereign said in a deep voice.

Hearing the Dragon Demon Lord’s words, Long Qiumu’s heart was filled with complex emotions. Shaking her lips, she rushed out of the tunnel while carrying Chen Xiang. After rushing out, she turned around to look at the Dragon Demon Lord.

"Don’t worry about me, I’ll leave you!" At this time, the eyes of Dragon Demon Sovereign suddenly turned red. Black qi surged out from his body and a vicious aura surged out like that of a peerless demon.

Long Qiumu had already passed through the great hall and burst open the stone door, bringing Chen Xiang along with him as he rushed to the ground.

Chen Xiang had just eaten up a lot of Dragon Magic Dan, so his current powerless and fatigued condition was already slightly better, but it was still not completely good.

"What kind of place is this?" Chen Xiang had already been taken away by Long Qiumu, and was now far away from the Primordial Pellet Academy. However, he could still sense that someone was chasing after him from behind.

"I don’t know. I must go back. My father is there. He seems to be under some sort of control!" Long Qiumu said resolutely. She had to go save the Dragon Demon Sovereign.

"I must go back and get even with those guys. They actually tricked me." Chen Xiang bellowed: "Qiu Mu, enter the You Yao Mountain Villa and I will use the power of space to leave this place."

After Long Qiumu entered the You Yao Mountain Villa, Chen Xiang, who had recovered a bit, immediately used teleportation, teleporting far away from the Colorful Forest’s borders and arrived in the Divine Ghost Imperial Country’s room.

When Chen Xiang came here, he had already exhausted all of his strength. He was extremely tired as he laid on the ground and slept soundly.

When Time Ghost saw Chen Xiang, he immediately shouted, "Hey, why are you sleeping the moment you arrived? Wake up! "

Chen Xiang was infected with the Dragon magic poison, and it was even modified, so he slept for a whole ten days before the poison power weakened slightly, and then he continued to eat the Dragon Magic Dan.

He ate all the Dragon Magic Dan that he had to recover to his full state.

"Is the Myriad Tao Dan God really there?" Chen Xiang felt that he should go see that Well-informed Ghost and ask him about this.