Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang bought the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan for a year, then began to use the Crash method to refine the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan. Refining such a pill required time, especially the Crash method! Chen Xiang took two months just to refine one pellet of the Five Crash. However, the quality was extremely high. This kind of prideful mystical pill, after being refined with Crash method, would not only double the quality but would also increase by hundreds, or even thousands of times!

If he were to use an ordinary method to refine a two month old Heaven and Earth infinite Dan, the added quality would be far inferior to that of a Five Crash technique.

"The Five Crash Technique is my limit. I might need around a hundred pills to breakthrough." When Chen Xiang used the Crash method to refine pills, not only could he improve the quality, he could also save on medicinal ingredients.

Although Mei Jing Sisters and Long Qiumu could grow it inside, it was a prideful medicine, and its cultivation speed wasn’t that fast, so he needed to save a bit of medicinal ingredients.

At that time, not only would he need to consume this pill, Long Qiumu would also need to eat it. If Long Qiumu could also enter the World Defying Stage and cultivate her own World Defying soul, then her strength would definitely not be something that the powerhouses who used the half crippled World Defying soul to break through would be able to compare to.

For him, hiding inside his You Yao Mountain Villa was an extremely good backup plan. For example, when he was poisoned at the Ao Shi Dan Academy, it was Long Qiumu who saved him. Otherwise, he wouldn’t dare to imagine the consequences.

While Chen Xiang was refining the pellet, five years had unknowingly passed. He was only able to refine six pellets a year, and currently, he could only refine thirty of them! Fortunately, he was at Time Ghost’s place. Adding the time spent there, it had only been a month outside.

"This speed is already very fast!" Chen Xiang had already completed quite a few of these, so he did not eat any of these pills.

"I’ve rested enough. I can start preparing now." The Time Ghost knew that Chen Xiang was refining pills, but he did not know what pill Chen Xiang was refining. As long as there was a Dao crystal, it would be fine.

After Chen Xiang passed the Dao crystal to the Time Ghost, he smiled and said, "Let’s start now, I’ve been waiting very anxiously!"

Every time Time Ghost gave Chen Xiang a year of time, he would have to rest for a few days.

"Let’s begin now!" The Time Ghost said.

Chen Xiang immediately felt the power of the Time undulation, but at that moment, the room he was in suddenly trembled, he was alarmed: "What’s going on?"

He did not have a good impression of the Ghost Emperor, and it seemed like the Ghost Emperor and the Dragon Demon had cooperated together. Now, it was the World Defying Stage, and this was all because of the half crippled World Defying soul of the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

That was why Chen Xiang was extremely vigilant of the Ghost Emperor. Now that he had sensed the Ghost Emperor’s aura, he was secretly alarmed and immediately asked the Time Ghost: "Did the Ghost Emperor come? I will leave this place now! "

"Chen Xiang... "Ah ..."

Time Ghost’s scream suddenly echoed in Chen Xiang’s mind, causing him to be shocked, Time Ghost seemed to be suffering a torture.

"Time Ghost, what’s wrong? Where are you and what can I do to save you? " Chen Xiang asked anxiously, he had frequently done business with the Time Ghost, and after such a long time, he had gradually begun to view the Time Ghost as his friend.

"I... I’m dead for sure, you can’t save me, the Ghost Emperor is attacking me, he wants to swallow me ... " The voice of the Time Ghost was filled with sorrow, "This is my time and dao vein, make good use of it ... "Goodbye ..."

When Chen Xiang was in the Time Ghost’s room, he suddenly saw a light white colored thread. He hurriedly grabbed it and placed it inside the Divine Sense Sea to fuse it.

"Time Ghost, how are you?" Chen Xiang didn’t dare believe that the Time Ghost who was happily chatting with him would encounter such an accident in the blink of an eye, and it was all done by the Ghost Emperor.

The Time Ghost didn’t answer Chen Xiang, but Chen Xiang could feel a dangerous aura slowly approaching. It was the Ghost Emperor’s approach!

"Ghost Emperor, just you wait!" Chen Xiang used his spatial energy and teleported out of Time Ghost’s room. At this moment, he felt grief and fury in his heart, the time he spent with Time Ghost was pretty good, he had accompanied him for many years and yet he was killed right now.

Chen Xiang came to the Well-informed Ghost with grief and anger.

The only one who knew that he was very close to Time Ghost was only the Well-informed Ghost.

"Well-informed Ghost, get out here right now!" Chen Xiang roared.

"What’s wrong?" Well-informed Ghost immediately asked: "Oh right, there was a big commotion just now, what happened?"

Well-informed Ghost was also confused. Something was definitely wrong before, but seeing how furious Chen Xiang was, he became even more suspicious.

"The Time Ghost is dead. He was killed by the Ghost Emperor. Chen Xiang asked coldly, his killing intent was overflowing, he controlled his own Qi to not leak out, he was worried that he would attract the Ghost Emperor’s attention.

He was still not the Ghost Emperor’s match, the Ghost Emperor was the World Defying Stage’s opponent, but he firmly believed that he could step into the World Defying Stage. At that time, any Ghost Emperor would just be trash in his eyes!

"Time Ghost... Die .... "Dead?" Well-informed Ghost’s voice trembled. From the sound of his anger and sorrow, it could be seen that his relationship with Time Ghost was very good.

"Yes, he was killed by the Ghost Emperor!" Chen Xiang’s tone had softened quite a bit. After all, he had also seen how sad the Well-informed Ghost was.

"Ghost Emperor!" Well-informed Ghost growled in anger, "This bastard, how dare he be so cruel to his own subordinates!"

"Didn’t you inform him?" Chen Xiang did not dispel the notion of suspecting Well-informed Ghost because of this.

"How is this possible? My relationship with Time Ghost is so close, how can I harm him? It’s definitely not from me, I can swear on my blood! " The Well-informed Ghost said.

Chen Xiang was currently in the Well-informed Ghost’s stone room. It was originally dark in here, but suddenly it became bright, and Chen Xiang saw a pale old man with slightly red eyes appearing, he was Well-informed Ghost!

In order to make Chen Xiang believe it, Well-informed Ghost had indeed given him a very venomous blood oath!

"Then why did the Ghost Emperor attack the Time Ghost? Could it be that the Ghost Emperor knew about the matter between Time Ghost and me? How did he know? " Chen Xiang could not understand.

"The Ghost Emperor does not know about the matter between you and the Time Ghost. Although this is the Divine Ghost Imperial Country, but we have our own private space, the Ghost Emperor definitely does not know about it. Otherwise, if he knew you had run away, he would have sent people to hunt you down. " Although his hair was white, his face was the same as a middle-aged man’s. He did not look old, but his complexion was terrifyingly pale.

"What’s the reason?" Chen Xiang thought about it, but still couldn’t understand.

"Isn’t that obvious? If the Spirit Emperor wants the power of the Time Ghost, then it is the power of law that controls the flow of time! " Well-informed Ghost’s voice was cold and low, "Although we don’t have any powerful strength, our ability is very special and powerful. Time Ghost’s ability to control the flow of time is something that many people are jealous of."