Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang realised, so the Ghost Emperor wanted to possess the power of the Time Ghost!

Now he suddenly understood why the Time Ghost gave him the Time Dao Veins before his death. It was because he did not want the Ghost Emperor to obtain it.

At this time, the Ghost Emperor had already killed the Time Ghost, but he gave the most important time and dao vein to Chen Xiang, so the Ghost Emperor did not obtain anything!

"This is bad, if the Ghost Emperor obtains the time Rule Dao line, he can get stronger and stronger in a short time, and we will never be able to catch up to him, damn it!" Well-informed Ghost punched the wall, then closed his eyes.

A moment later, he opened his eyes and took a deep breath, "I just heard that the Ghost Emperor gave an order just now that the Time Ghost violated the rules of the Divine Ghost Imperial Country and was executed by him. As for the rule, the Ghost Emperor didn’t explain! Now everyone knows! "

"The Ghost Emperor is such a bastard, I knew that he would only become more and more of a bastard. He followed the wrong person." The Well-informed Ghost said angrily: "With the current situation, it is impossible for us to avenge the Time Ghost. He has already obtained the Time Ghost’s dao vein."

"Before the Time Ghost died, he gave me his dao vein." Chen Xiang sighed, although he had obtained this extremely precious dao vein, he was not happy, because he had lost a friend, and the dao vein was left behind by that friend.

After the Well-informed Ghost heard this, he anxiously said: "As long as it is not in the hands of the Ghost Emperor, it is fine. You must make good use of the Time Ghost’s Dao Veins and avenge the Time Ghost!"

While Chen Xiang was refining the pellets, Well-informed Ghost already knew about the matter of Chen Xiang at the Primordial Pellet Academy, so he knew that Chen Xiang had a lot of potential.

"Although I have the Dao meridian in time, it won’t be that easy for me to utilize the laws of time." Chen Xiang said. He was unable to use the Time Laws for a short period of time.

Fortunately, he had cultivated the Myriad Tao Divine Arts, so the Divine Arts contained the techniques to utilize the laws of time. He still needed some time to familiarize himself with how to use them.

As long as the time is not in the hands of the Spirit Emperor, then there is no need to worry about him leveling up too quickly. Right now, he has already merged with the half of the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor’s primordial spirit, he will be dispatched by the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor within a short period of time and will be restricted for a limited period of time. " Well-informed Ghost was very clear about this kind of thing.

Previously, there were only a few people who heard of the World Defying Stage, but ever since the few big shots of the s stepped in, this news had slowly spread and more and more people knew about it.

"Is this true? Those fellows who have obtained half of a prideful soul, are unable to improve any further for a short period of time? " Chen Xiang did not know about this.

"It must be true! They want to help the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor escape! Not just in a short period of time, they will be unable to escape the control that the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor has over them. " The Well-informed Ghost said.

At this moment, he and Chen Xiang suppressed the grief and anger in their hearts and discussed on how they could eliminate the Ghost Emperor and take revenge for the Time Ghost!

"Now that the Divine Ghost Imperial Country is not safe, in which place is safer?" Chen Xiang asked: "I need to find a safe place to cultivate. I need to first learn how to control the Time Laws, which will allow me to have more time, and help me breakthrough in a short time."

"If you want to go to a safe place ... Let me think! " Well-informed Ghost frowned as he thought about it.

After a while, he said, "If you want to be safe, you can only go to the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum s inside the Myriad Tao Mausoleum s. There won’t be much danger inside, but for those fellows in the World Defying Stage s, it’s very scary."

"World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum?" This was the first time Chen Xiang found out about such a terrifying place in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

"I just got the news too! I can already confirm that the people of World Defying Stage do not dare to enter, and I don’t know the reason why, but as long as the World Defying Stage gets closer, he will crazily devour energy. As long as we enter for an hour, the power of the World Defying Stage’s World Defying soul will immediately be devoured. "

"So terrifying!" Chen Xiang suddenly felt that this place was extremely dangerous for him, because he had to enter the World Defying Stage.

"Indeed, I will tell you the location. You can go in by yourself! Of course, if you want to charge into the World Defying Stage s, you cannot do so inside. " Well-informed Ghost warned him, "If you want to rush into World Defying Stage, you have to come out immediately."

Chen Xiang nodded his head, "I’ll go in and learn how to control the power of time. I’ll come out when I learn it, I won’t be able to break through inside."

Chen Xiang wished that he had just stepped into World Defying Stage and his cultivation had regressed. Just thinking about it made him feel like this was a nightmare!

Well-informed Ghost told Chen Xiang the location of the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum.

"Will it be dangerous for you to stay here?" said. Well-informed Ghost was currently by his side.

"This should be possible, because the Ghost Emperor did not obtain the Dao Veins of the Time Ghost, he will definitely think of a way to snatch the abilities of others. The Well-informed Ghost said. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Chen Xiang gave the Well-informed Ghost a piece of Communication jade Symbol paper and said: "As long as we reach a certain distance, we can send a message. If you are in the Colorful Forest, and I am in the Colorful Forest, I should be able to send a message.

"Alright!" Well-informed Ghost took the Communication jade Symbol paper and kept it.

After Chen Xiang bid farewell to Well-informed Ghost, he immediately left for World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum.

"I can’t believe we have to pass through the Dead Land. This place is quite mysterious, I’ll go take a look, and see if we can meet the soul of the Dragon Patriarch and ask him about some matters." Chen Xiang quickly arrived at the Dead Land and teleported to the underground stone room where the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor Soul Division was hidden.

"Dragon Ancestor!" Chen Xiang was very happy to see that the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor was still here.

"Brat, you’re here again!" The World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor’s Soul Division was rather boring here, he was very happy to see Chen Xiang.

"Dragon ancestor, you want me to go find Myriad Tao Dan God? I didn’t see this guy. When I get to his territory, I would almost die inside. " Chen Xiang said.

"What’s going on? Quickly tell me! " Hearing that, the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor frowned and asked.

Chen Xiang told World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor about his encounters at the prideful pill academy. After World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor heard about it, he was a little angry.

"Looks like Myriad Tao Dan God is in closed door cultivation, his people can do whatever they want, don’t worry, if Myriad Tao Dan God comes out and finds out about this, he wouldn’t need you to do anything, he would clean up his own house." World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor said, "Of course, if you have the ability, you can go and kill those bastards right now!"

It seemed that the relationship between World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor and the Myriad Tao Divine Pellet was pretty good, so after knowing that Myriad Tao Dan God’s subordinates were working with the Dragon Demon, the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor was very angry!

"Dragon Ancestor, do you know of World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum?" Chen Xiang asked again, he wanted to confirm if what Well-informed Ghost said was true.

"Of course I know. How do you know this place? I didn’t tell you! " World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor was shocked.