Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang felt a lot more at ease. Indeed, there was such a place, just that he did not know if it was the same as Well-informed Ghost’s.

"A friend told me. This friend of mine is very well-informed!" Chen Xiang felt that the Well-informed Ghost must have a very special ability to know a lot of things. He didn’t know what this ability of the Well-informed Ghost was either.

"Although the Myriad Tao Mausoleum was built by the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor ... But before the Myriad Tao Mausoleum was built, there was already a World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum here, that’s why the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor named this place Myriad Tao Mausoleum. " World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor said, "World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum is extremely dangerous ... However, this is only for World Defying Stage like us. You are currently just a Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, so there is no problem entering it. Furthermore, you can avoid being attacked by World Defying Stage. "

This was exactly as Well-informed Ghost said.

"However, you must not break through inside. Once you step into the World Defying Stage, the World Defying soul that you just formed will instantly return to the state of the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage." The World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor said.

"Have you confirmed such a thing?" Chen Xiang felt that this trash was unfathomable.

"I got hit by the World Defying dragon demon. When I fought the World Defying dragon demon back then, I accidentally entered it and was beaten back into the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage. This is absolutely true." The World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor said, "It’s a good thing that I was only at the Primordial Profound Rank back then!"

The World Defying Stage had three realms. The first realm was the Profound Ranking, and cultivating the Primordial Profound Body would be the Profound Ranking, followed by the Sacred Ranking. This required cultivating the World Defying Holy Body, then the Divine Ranking, which was the final realm of the World Defying Stage!

"Then, Dragon Ancestor, what is your cultivation level right now?" Chen Xiang asked.

"The World Defying dragon demon was only at the level of an Ascendant, while I was at the early stage of the World Defying Holy Body, so I am much stronger than him, and he would be unable to break my seal for a while as well." World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor said: "And World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor and World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor are both at the peak of the World Defying Holy Body!"

"None of them cultivated a divine body?" Chen Xiang had thought that World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor and World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor had already reached the pinnacle of World Defying Stage.

"It’s easier said than done! My Saint Body has been in existence for many years, but it’s already very difficult for me to reach the Large Success Stage, much less reach the Peak Stage! As for his divine body ... It’s extremely difficult. It’s hard to say whether or not we have a divine body. " World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor said: "So you must not break through inside the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum. Inside is the World Defying Stage’s mausoleum.

"Mm, I will definitely remember." Chen Xiang nodded: "How is the situation in World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor now?"

"World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor uses a lot of energy to nurture the forces outside. If you were not here, he would have succeeded in this move! If you can step into the World Defying Stage and cultivate your own World Defying soul, you can definitely deal with those shrimp soldiers and crab generals that he has cultivated. " The World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor said.

As long as he cultivated World Defying soul, he would be able to step into the World Defying Stage, and his strength would increase by many times! If he could cultivate an arrogant Profound Body, then it would be even scarier, to have the strength of a World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor!

And with the various things that Chen Xiang had on him, if he was able to cultivate an unrivalled profound body, then it would definitely be extraordinary, perhaps even a lot stronger than the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor.

"Dragon ancestor, do you have any way to help Senior Long Tengyun recover his cultivation?" Chen Xiang asked, he was very worried about this matter, if Long Tengyun were to continue like this, he would definitely be negative.

"Bring him to me after a while. Let me see if I can help him." World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor said, "I will definitely do my best to help him, or even ... They even helped him to enter the World Defying Stage, but that would only mean using the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor’s method. "

World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor’s method was to provide a half crippled prideful soul, this was indeed a quick method.

"I wonder what the leaders of those evil forces are doing now. They are already part of the World Defying Stage." Chen Xiang said.

"He should be thinking of a way to help the World Defying dragon demon break the seal, and then have the World Defying dragon demon come in here to suppress me." World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor said: "Or maybe they, who just entered the World Defying Stage, came in together!"

"At present, there is a rumor saying that the World Defying dragon demon had broken the seal because the High Priest had already entered." Chen Xiang had also asked Well-informed Ghost before, he was not sure if the World Defying dragon demon would really be able to break the seal.

"If the World Defying dragon demon could break through the seal, they would have definitely entered here to recuperate immediately, because there is a large amount of Evil Spirit Force inside! Once he comes in, there will definitely be a lot of commotion. It’s impossible that there will only be rumors. " World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor said, "When the High Priest comes in, I think it’s because he has an important mission and must enter!"

That is to say, it is only a matter of time before the World Defying dragon demon will be able to break the seal. The High Priest has already completed all the work of breaking the seal, and after a period of time, the seal will be lifted. World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor frowned, because this was not a good news.

Seeing the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor’s serious expression, Chen Xiang also felt depressed. If the World Defying dragon demon came in, the situation would get worse!

"Dragon Ancestor, I will first go to World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum for a period of seclusion. I need to refine some pills, it is the safest place inside." Chen Xiang said.

"Mm, you go first!" The World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor nodded.

After Chen Xiang passed through the Dead Land, he saw a purple grassland. All the grass here was purple, and it just so happened to be night now.

Chen Xiang looked towards the direction where the purple grass was swaying in the gentle breeze. It was extremely beautiful, causing Chen Xiang to be able to see her beauty.

After passing through the Dead Land, I actually came to such a good place. I thought that only the Colorful Forest would be more beautiful, I never thought that this place would not be bad. Chen Xiang entered the purple grassland, and at this moment, he landed on the ground. He smelt a burst of fragrance, and that faint, delicate fragrance immediately made him absent-minded, and that fragrance was extremely refreshing, causing him to be instantly enchanted. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Just as he wanted to inhale a few mouthfuls, he was abruptly jolted awake and hastily released the power of space, isolating himself from the purple plains.

"It’s too scary, I almost got hypnotized," Chen Xiang was unable to describe the feeling of danger he had felt just now. Although it was dangerous, he enjoyed the feeling of sinking into it.

Remembering the danger he was in just now, he couldn’t help but break out in a cold sweat. What was terrifying was that when he entered, he still wanted to take a deep breath of that fragrance. This was actually a very strong need from the depths of his heart.