Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had a bad feeling and couldn’t help but want to take a few breaths of that wonderful fragrance. He knew very well that if he were to continue inhaling the fragrance, there would definitely be a huge problem, and this definitely wouldn’t be a good thing.

"That’s the only way!" Chen Xiang could not endure it any longer. He waved his hand and an invisible air whirl came out from his palm and struck the beautiful purple flower on the ground.

The cyclone fell to the ground and in an instant, the purple flowers turned to ash. What he released just now was the World Defying god fire!

The World Defying god fire is invisible and colorless, it does not even have a temperature, but it possesses a very strong burning power. At this moment, the purple flowers below are already being burned by the spreading World Defying god fire. "

Although he could not see the World Defying god fire, he could see those flowers being burnt to ashes!

As Chen Xiang watched these flowers turn into ashes in the air, the strong addiction in his heart gradually disappeared. After a while, all the purple flowers were gone, turned into ashes!

"This is much better!" Chen Xiang exhaled a breath of air, then continued to fly forward. At this moment, he was extremely cautious, not only did he use the Counter Power to make himself invisible, he even used the power of space to protect himself. He did not want himself to come into contact with this space, in case he encountered a situation like the one before.

Not long after he started flying, he saw the purple flowers that he had burned growing at an extremely fast speed. When he saw it, he could not help but be shocked!

"This... "Damn it!" Chen Xiang didn’t know why, but when he saw these flowers, he couldn’t help but feel a sense of addiction. He really wanted to remove his Spatial Barrier and take a deep breath to smell that fragrance.

"Right, distract yourself!" Chen Xiang immediately told this matter to the three women inside the You Yao Mountain Villa, telling them to think of a countermeasure. At the same time, he also chatted with them, trying to distract their attention.

After Long Qiumu heard about it, he frowned: "I seem to have heard about the things you’ve encountered!"

"What flower is this? Is there any way to deal with it? I feel like I can’t help it. " Chen Xiang anxiously thought of Wen Dong, he felt that if he continued like this, he would definitely become immersed in it.

"These purple flowers seem to be called ’Self-Actualization Wonderful Flowers’!" Long Qiumu said: "It can be considered a type of poisonous flower, as long as you inhale the fragrance of this flower, it will be extremely dangerous. As long as you do not absorb the fragrance of this flower, your body will feel very uncomfortable, or even weak.

After Chen Xiang heard it, he broke out in a cold sweat. This was actually a type of poisonous flower, and it was extremely strange! It was a direct poison to the human psyche.

"Even if we set fire to it, it won’t be able to burn it!" Chen Xiang closed his eyes, not allowing himself to look at the purple poison flowers below, if not he would definitely be unable to control himself. After closing his eyes, he had only released a Spatial Perception Domain to pay attention to his surroundings, and then he could chat with Mei Jing Sisters Long Qiumu. This way, he could distract his attention and not keep thinking about the comfort and beauty brought by that fragrance.

Chen Xiang did not smoke too much, and his perseverance was not bad either. He was able to get rid of that strong addiction in time, if not he would not be like this.

Two days later, he suddenly stopped because his Spatial Domain had sensed something here. When he opened his eyes, he could not believe that there was someone up ahead!

He couldn’t see what the man looked like, but he could see that he was wearing a purple robe and had long hair.

"A woman?" Chen Xiang could not help but become curious. At this moment, he was already invisible, he felt that the other party would definitely not be able to see him, and then he slowly approached him. When he got near, that person suddenly turned his head!

"This ..." Chen Xiang was immediately shocked. He saw that the person’s face was actually a snow-white skull, so he could not confirm if it was male or female. In short, it was very scary just now.

"He can see me?" Chen Xiang was secretly shocked, this kind of white bone like outfit, made him feel like it was related to someone from the White Bones Imperial.

"Who are you?" The white skeleton suddenly spoke. Although he was covered in bones, his hair was long and straight and black. His voice was that of a man and was quite pleasant to hear.

Chen Xiang never thought that the other party would actually be able to see him!

"What about you? Is it a human or a ghost? " Chen Xiang asked, he did not know how strong the other party was, but for the other party to be able to walk in this Wangwo flower sea, he was definitely not ordinary.

If someone was not strong enough to wander around, they definitely would not be able to resist the temptation and would not be able to reach here.

"What do you think?" Bai Gu said.

"Do I need to ask you if I know?" Chen Xiang said snappily: Then forget it, continue pretending to be mysterious here, I’ll continue walking.

Chen Xiang still had to go to World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum.

"You want to go to World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum?" The white bone asked again.

"Hmm, it should be around here, right?" Chen Xiang felt that this white bone definitely knew about the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum.

"It’s not far, but it’s very dangerous inside now. There’s nothing good for you if you go in, not like before." The white bone replied, "Look at the poisonous flowers around here, they’ve just grown up."

"These poisonous flowers don’t seem to be of any use to you!" Chen Xiang said.

Who said it was useless. With my current appearance, I am made up of these poisonous flowers! Although this kind of flower will not let me die, it will let me become like this. Fortunately, this flower has another benefit, which is that it will allow me to become stronger. At the same time, it will also allow me to live an extremely happy life every day. " The white bone voice said.

Chen Xiang suddenly felt that it was very scary, because the addiction in his heart had appeared again. This fellow was obviously trying to seduce him!

"Do you want to try? The fragrance of these flowers is wonderful. If you take a sniff of them, you’ll never forget the intoxicating smell and the beauty. " The white bones continued to giggle, making Chen Xiang’s hair stand on end.

"Not interested!" Chen Xiang held back and said.

"Come and try it!" Bai Gu laughed.

"Try your grandpa!" Chen Xiang summoned his Heavenly Alchemy Emperor seal, using all his strength to fiercely suppress the white bones.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The Emperor seal descended from the sky like a giant mountain, plummeting to the ground fiercely, causing a very strong shock wave. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"What an annoying fellow!" Chen Xiang kept the Heavenly Alchemy Emperor seal and just as he was about to leave, he heard the white bones that were cackling loudly again.

"Can’t we kill him?" Chen Xiang saw that the white skeleton had crawled out from the ground, completely fine.

Chen Xiang took out the Heavenly magic sword. Just as he was about to attack, he saw a streak of purple light in the night sky.

"What is this?" When Chen Xiang saw it, he also felt a wave of pressure. It was actually a very strong aura!

As for that white bone, it was trembling uncontrollably from fright. It seemed as if it would break at any moment. He was actually very afraid of this fellow who had suddenly appeared.