Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, Chen Xiang also noticed that the purple-coloured meteor was extremely dangerous. He wasn’t sure if it was a person or not, but the aura it gave off made him feel as if he was facing an expert from the World Defying Stage.

The purple meteor crashed into the white skeleton, causing a burst of purple light to erupt and create a cool breeze!

After the purple light disappeared, Chen Xiang saw a tall lady dressed in tight purple robes holding onto a sword, the sword tip had already pierced through the white bone’s head, the sword tip was leaking out purple energy into the white bone’s body!

"This woman is so powerful!" Chen Xiang looked at her seriously. She was very gentle and her face was round, although she was strong, her appearance did not give off a very overbearing feeling. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The girl had a head of long black hair. She wore a purple skintight garment that would occasionally flash with a purple brilliance, giving her a very noble and mysterious appearance.

After she injected a purple energy into the white bone, it instantly turned into a purple bone!

"We have to do this to deal with this kind of fellow!" The lady seemed to be talking to Chen Xiang, after she finished speaking, she lightly patted the purple bone with her jade palm, releasing a purple flash of light, the bone instantly dissipated the purple light.

Chen Xiang’s mouth twitched as he said, "You are from the World Defying Stage, so wouldn’t it be like pinching an ant to deal with this guy?"

Chen Xiang was still invisible now, he didn’t know if the woman could discover him, but he thought it was weird that the woman wasn’t affected by the strange flowers.

"Show yourself. I know you are here." The purple clothed lady looked at Chen Xiang who was floating in mid air and said.

Chen Xiang appeared, but he did not remove the spatial barrier. He was afraid of the strange fragrance that would appear if he breathed it in.

"Thank you, Big Sis, for helping me get rid of that annoying fellow. I, your little brother, cannot thank you enough." Chen Xiang immediately said with a mischievous smile.

"You’re welcome, exterminating this kind of fellow is originally my mission." The purple-dressed woman also felt that Chen Xiang was special, his invisibility was truly powerful, she could only sense a faint Qi, but she could not see him directly. If Chen Xiang’s cultivation was higher, she would definitely not be able to sense Chen Xiang.

Furthermore, she knew that Chen Xiang was wrapped in an extremely strong force of spatial energy and was separated from the space she was in.

"Big Sis, are the flowers here not affecting you? "I’m very afraid of those weird flowers ..." Chen Xiang said in a strange voice: "Look, these flowers have grown out!"

Although this place had been scarred from the battle just now, after the purple flowers grew, they released a beautiful purple brilliance, causing the place to once again become beautiful.

"This flower was planted by us, of course I don’t care. As long as you have impure hearts, you can smell the fragrance of this flower and feel all sorts of desires." His hopes would be magnified endlessly! On the other hand, the fragrance released by the Wangwo flower could give people a strong sense of satisfaction, making them fall into an illusion to satisfy their intense desire. I can’t extricate myself from it. " The purple-clothed woman looked at Chen Xiang with a disdainful gaze, because Chen Xiang would fall for this flower.

Chen Xiang secretly cursed in his heart. He admitted that he was not some kind of pure person, but he was always able to help to restrain those impure thoughts.

"If you stay here long enough, you will become that kind of a skeleton. You’d better hurry up and leave." The purple-dressed woman persuaded.

"Aren’t I fine now? I want to look inside. I’m curious about this place. " Chen Xiang did not plan to retreat, and asked: "The World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum is located inside, right?"

This kind of Wangwo flower had just been planted, and it was produced by the girl’s race. This race was too terrifying, to think that they could actually grow this kind of flower!

"After crossing the ocean of flowers, you will reach the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum. Are you sure you want to go there? It’s not as safe inside as it was before. " The purple-dressed woman said, "It might be more dangerous."

"Why?" Chen Xiang had heard about it from that bone before.

"I don’t know. It was said by our clan’s elders!" The purple-clothed woman shook her head.

Chen Xiang guessed that the purple-dressed woman had cultivated the World Defying soul, but she had not been able to cultivate the arrogant profound body. Even so, she was already very strong.

"Big sister, are all the people in your clan very pure? Are they not affected by these Wangwo flower? " Chen Xiang was extremely curious about this matter.

"No, there are a lot of impure people in our clan, so they don’t dare to come close to this place!" The purple clothed lady said: "You will not be able to smell the fragrance here after you pass through the sea of flowers. Although you will not be affected by the Wangwo flower, but there are some very mysterious things around World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum.

"Thank you for the reminder!" Chen Xiang laughed.

"I cannot enter the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, and the elders in the clan are also the same, so our understanding of each other is limited." The purple-dressed woman warned again, "If you enter and encounter danger, it would be best for you to escape to this sea of flowers as soon as possible. If there are any other powerful ripples of energy, I will immediately sense that I will rush here in the shortest time possible."

"Alright, I understand. If I really meet with danger, I’ll have to trouble sister then!" Chen Xiang liked the purple-dressed woman more and more. She was a good person indeed, kind and gentle.

The purple clothed lady smiled: "You’re welcome!"

"Oh yeah, my name is Chen Xiang, what’s my name?"

"Sun Lingxing!" As she said that, she took out a piece of paper and wrote her name down for Chen Xiang to see.

"Spirit Star ... When you appeared just now, you did look like a falling star. " Chen Xiang laughed.

After Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing bid their farewell, they hurriedly left the field of flowers.

He spent a few days to cross the Sea of Wangwo flower and arrive at a forest. This was the region next to the Dead Land, and it was actually such a good environment!

"I wonder if there is anything as scary as the Wangwo flower here." Chen Xiang was afraid of that thing.

He didn’t even dare to remove the spatial barrier!

"Sun Lingxing did not dare to enter this place, it must be because of his own cultivation in the World Defying Stage. said, and Chen Xiang had also mentioned to her about Sun Lingxing, this mysterious and powerful woman.

"It should be. She said that she and her clan’s elders don’t dare to enter." Chen Xiang said as he slowly walked in the forest. Even though he was already invisible, he did not dare let his guard down, and was extremely vigilant.

The only sound that could be heard was the chirping of birds. The environment was beautiful, and it did not seem like a dangerous place at all.

"Where exactly is the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum? Is this the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum? " Chen Xiang walked for the better part of a day, but he was still inside the forest.

Just as he was full of complaints, he suddenly heard someone singing. The singing sounded like it belonged to an old man. Although the singing sounded loud and clear, Chen Xiang felt that it was very strange.