Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang did not know what the old man was singing, but he was singing. There were no lyrics, and even though his voice was not bad, the song was very natural, but it was very weird.

"Who’s singing?" Chen Xiang concentrated and discerned the direction the sound came from. He wanted to go and take a look.

Even if there was something dangerous in the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, there definitely would not be any existence of the World Defying Stage, as the cultivation in the World Defying Stage would definitely fall back. Therefore, he had always been very at ease.

After identifying the direction of the voice, Chen Xiang immediately flew away.

Soon, he arrived at that place. It was a large tree, and a black-clothed old man was currently singing in a clear voice.

The old man’s hair was a mess and he looked very messy, but his voice was loud and clear, his eyes were bright and full of life. His serious expression made him look very energetic, and there were no wrinkles on his face.

When Chen Xiang got closer, he did not feel the old man’s Qi, nor did he know how strong he was, but since he dared to chant loudly in such a place, he must not be weak.

Chen Xiang quietly waited at the side. After an hour, the old man finally finished singing.

"There seems to be someone nearby!" The old man suddenly said to himself and looked around.

Chen Xiang felt that it was extremely strange. Ever since he entered this place, his concealing ability seemed to have decreased a lot.

"Senior, it’s me!" Chen Xiang suddenly appeared and said.

"Who are you?" The old man looked at Chen Xiang and was surprised: "You just came here?"

Chen Xiang nodded, "Yes! Senior, is this World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum? "

"This place can be considered the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, no matter what, if they were to come here, their cultivation would definitely fall." The old man laughed: "That’s why we are currently very safe. Without the World Defying Stage’s threat, we can be very free and unfettered."

After all, he was already very strong, and was at the peak of the Venerable ancestor realm.

"Why did someone say it was dangerous when I came in?" Chen Xiang asked again. Sun Lingxing and that white bone had told him before.

"Did they tell you there was any danger?" The old man chuckled.

"No!" Chen Xiang thought back to what Sun Lingxing had said before, and he was indeed unable to explain the danger inside.

"That’s right! The reason they called themselves dangerous here was because they felt like they didn’t get much out of coming here! or maybe they are all from the World Defying Stage. " The elder laughed, "Little guy, come here. I’ll teach you how to sing."

Chen Xiang came here for an important matter, he did not have the leisure to do so.

"Senior, I have an important matter on me, so I’m very sorry. I can’t sing with you anymore." Chen Xiang scratched his head and said embarrassedly. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"That’s right, a young and vigorous kid like you must not be like us, who are just waiting for death to come!" Understanding could be seen on the elder’s face as he nodded his head.

"Senior, you came in just to die? Why don’t you cultivate properly and step into the World Defying Stage? " Chen Xiang felt that this old man had a sense of superiority. It should not be difficult for him to step into the World Defying Stage, and the Sun Lingxing he met before was a World Defying Stage.

"This is a secret!" The old man smiled. "Oh right, what do you need to do here?"

"I want to cultivate!" Chen Xiang came here to train and learn to control the Time Laws.

"Are we going to level up?" The old man asked again.

Chen Xiang was extremely curious about the secret the old man just spoke of. It was very clear that the old man did not want to break through on purpose.

In order to achieve this goal, he had to suppress his cultivation so that he could not achieve a breakthrough and obtain immense strength! Thinking of this, Chen Xiang became even more curious.

"No, it’s to cultivate some kind of ability." Of course, Chen Xiang knew that he would not be able to enter the World Defying Stage here, it would only be a waste of time.

"Fine, I’ll tell you the secret!" The old man suddenly said in a low voice: "Many old guys like me have been waiting here for a long time, just to enter the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum!"

"This forest is called Primrose Forest, and is located in the middle of the forest. One day, World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum will open it, and then, we can go in, but not World Defying Stage." The old man chuckled: "Recently, there have been a lot of Ming World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum who have been guarding the tomb and are preparing to open it."

"What’s behind World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum?" The place Chen Xiang was at was the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, and now there was another World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum here. It was like a mausoleum in a mausoleum, it was extremely mystical.

"I don’t know!" The old man said, "In order to solve this mystery, I’ve been waiting here for many years!"

Chen Xiang felt that this was a little mystical. Although the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum was mysterious, mysteries were often accompanied by danger.

"Then I will wait for the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum to open and cultivate at the same time." Chen Xiang said: "If we can make it in time, I will follow you in to take a look."

"Alright, this is my territory. Pick a tree and take a look at it." The old man pointed.

Chen Xiang felt that this old man was not bad and decided to stay here to cultivate. He picked a very big tree and built a hole in it.

He had just made a hole in the tree when the old man ran in.

"Brat, what’s your name?" the old man asked.

"Chen Xiang, what about you, senior?"

"Tang Zhongjie!" The old man laughed. "I used to be very famous."

Of course, Chen Xiang didn’t know this name. This kind of ancient ghost was one he didn’t recognize at all ...

"Have you heard of the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor then?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course I have. He was the one who built this mysterious Myriad Tao Mausoleum here, covering the entire World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, but this guy can’t come here! When I was guarding here, his Myriad Tao Mausoleum wasn’t completed yet. " Tang Zhongjie said.

Chen Xiang’s heart trembled, this Tang Zhongjie was actually so ancient, he did not even finish constructing the Myriad Tao Mausoleum and was just squatting here! They had actually guarded it for such a long time just to enter the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum to take a look?

"Senior, how much do you know about World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor?" Chen Xiang asked again.

"It’s a pretty good little fellow. He created many worlds himself, and when the worlds revolved, they multiplied and multiplied many creatures, but it’s a pity that he still died in the hands of a big devil in the end. That guy called himself a World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor or something." Tang Zhongjie said: "That World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor and World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor are twins, and their parents are said to be inside World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum!"

"There’s actually such a thing!" Chen Xiang was shocked yet again. He then looked in the direction of the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, that place causing him to feel even more mysterious, as if everything that he had experienced before came from this place.