Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

It seemed as if Tang Zhongjie hadn’t boasted to anyone for a very long time. Right now, he wished he could bluster to Chen Xiang until the sky turned dark! Later, he also knew that he had disturbed Chen Xiang and thus, he hurriedly took his leave, allowing Chen Xiang to cultivate properly.

Chen Xiang was not annoyed at all, he rather liked the little old man. Now that he heard Tang Zhongjie’s chanting, he did not feel weird anymore! VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"I must make use of this time to achieve my training goals." The purpose of Chen Xiang’s training this time is to master the Time Laws well. As long as he can use the power of the Time Laws, he can control the flow of time and gain more time for himself. "

He had come into contact with the laws of time very early on, but he only knew a little about them. For example, before he used the God Murdering Sword Techniques, he knew that there was a little bit of the power of time inside! He had also met people who were born with the ability to use the Time Laws! In the past, as long as the world wasn’t strong enough, the time of that world could be controlled through a formation.

For example, and the other formation masters could set up a time array!

But it would not work here, here he had to control the Time Laws to reach a higher level, and that was not something anyone could do, if not the Ghost Emperor would not go kill the Time Ghost to obtain the Time Dao veins.

"I must make good use of the time and dao channels of the Time Ghost. I must become stronger quickly and avenge him." Although Chen Xiang knew nothing about controlling time, he possessed the Myriad Tao Divine Arts, and he firmly believed that as long as he focused on learning and comprehending it, he would definitely be able to comprehend the technique that controlled time.

Controlling time consumed a lot of energy, and Chen Xiang only used two months of time to finally find a way, but he still could not completely master it.

This was not bad at all. At the very least, he would be able to make some progress and have a direction!

"Every time Time Ghost collects so many Dao crystal, it’s not without reason!" Chen Xiang had just successfully released the power of time to form a Time Domain that covered himself up.

In addition, he also found that the combination of time and space worked better.

For example, by isolating himself in a very small space, this space was created by him and completely isolated from other spaces. Then, when he uses the power of time, he will be affected too much by the power of space.

If he was not isolated from the time and space of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, when he released the power of time, he would be affected to a certain extent, causing the power of time that he released to weaken!

Now, he also realized that the isolated space he had released also required a certain degree of isolation. If the isolation was not complete enough with the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, he would still be affected and the power of time would be weakened.

The weakened power of time was also quite strong!

Originally, he could have turned two hours into ten. However, after being affected, two hours could only be changed to three to four hours. This kind of influence was quite large.

"My goal now is to turn the time in here into a month!" Chen Xiang did not have the same level of power as the Time Ghost. Although he needed to rest for a few days to make the one day time period into one year, it was still quite good.

Now that Chen Xiang had the Time Dao Veins, he was extremely sensitive to the changes in time. He could differentiate between the time in this space and the time outside.

"Very well, I can turn one hour into twenty!" Chen Xiang felt that at this rate, he would be able to reach his target.

Another month had passed, and now he had already reached his previous goal. He only needed to use the Time Laws in his own domain, and only one month inside and one day outside.

"This should be called the Space-Time Domain!" As time and space mixed together, Chen Xiang couldn’t help but think of the Six Realms Time and Space Door; this was also a very mysterious thing.

"I’ve been in closed door cultivation for a long time. Go out and see my old friend who I just met!" Chen Xiang stretched his back, he also needed to go out and take a breather.

Walking out of the tree hole, he saw Tang Zhongjie carving a stone with a small knife.

"Old Tang!" Chen Xiang shouted as he stood at the entrance of the tree.

"Little guy, you’re finally out of seclusion!" Seeing Chen Xiang walking out, Tang Zhongjie anxiously laughed and shouted.

"If I’m not forced, I also don’t want to be so bored." Chen Xiang laughed bitterly, then walked over to Tang Zhongjie’s side and looked at his carving.

Tang Zhongjie had carved a dragon.

"Old Tang, what will the consequences be if the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor breaks the seal?" What Chen Xiang was worried about was that the Natural Law Divine Lord would harm Natural Law World, he desperately needed to protect him.

"If he broke the seal and the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor is still alive, then they would clash often." Tang Zhongjie laughed: There are no consequences, even if the Myriad Tao Mausoleum is destroyed, nothing will happen here. For people like us who are not the World Defying Stage, but are at the peak of the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, this place is the safest place! Of course, it is not easy for other people to enter now, because of the barrier called Wangwo flower Sea. "

The Sea of Wangwo flower was very scary, Chen Xiang had experienced it before. Now that he thought about it, he still had a trace of addiction in his heart, and wanted to take a breath of that fragrance to experience that wonderful feeling again.

With that thought in mind, he suddenly trembled and then bit the tip of his tongue, completely waking up from the pain.

Tang Zhongjie seemed to have noticed something as he frowned and asked anxiously: "You smelled that Poisonous scent?"

Chen Xiang nodded immediately: "Yes! Old Tang, do you have any way to help me get rid of him? This is not a good thing, it’s too scary! "

"Indeed!" Tang Zhongjie nodded his head, "There are many old fellows who have lived for ten thousand years who have already fallen into it, let alone a little brat like you!"

"Do you really want to buy a way out of that?" Chen Xiang was a little disappointed.

"Certainly not in the past! That’s why we have already concocted a pill that can cure the poison. Wait for me for a while, I will help you refine it, and at that time, you just need to eat it. " Tang Zhongjie laughed: "After eating it, even if you see the poisonous flower again, nothing will happen to you!"

"Old Tang, you can concoct pills?" Chen Xiang was pleasantly surprised.

"I’m bored, so I might as well learn a bit of everything. I’m just not proficient at it." Tang Zhongjie laughed as he hurriedly headed towards his own tree hole to help Chen Xiang refine the pellet. "Just wait a few days, during this time, just help me pick up a few of those stones, I want to use them to carve."

Chen Xiang looked at the stones on the ground. All of them were collected by Tang Zhongjie and were very suitable for carving.

Afterwards, he searched for such stones in the forest. There weren’t many, only one or two that would appear occasionally.

"It’s been three days, but I only found five pieces!" Just as Chen Xiang was about to go back and find Tang Zhongjie, he suddenly felt a very weak Qi approaching, this Qi was very familiar to him.

Just when he had sensed the Qi, a purple light suddenly enveloped him, and in that moment, Chen Xiang was completely stunned!