Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

After Chen Xiang was enveloped by the purple light, he only felt a large amount of rich fragrance assaulting him. The Poisonous scent was very dense, otherwise it would not have turned into fog of light!

Smelling such a dense amount of Poisonous scent, Chen Xiang only felt that it was a very scary thing. Even though his entire body was already feeling indescribably comfortable, in his heart, he knew that he was dead!

"Who is it?" Chen Xiang clenched his fists tightly, wanting to restrain the bizarre and wonderful sensation from entering his body, but he was unable to do so. At this moment, he had already sunk into it, and had lost all sense of the outside world.

Chen Xiang lied on the ground with her eyes closed. She was in a deep slumber under the peerless beauty of fantasy, and had lost all sense of life!

A few men dressed in purple surrounded him.

One of the purple-clothed men laughed, "This fellow is quite powerful. He has a very strong power over space. It seems that this fellow has a very profound understanding of the use of space!"

"That’s right. If we had just given him a little more time, we would have missed!"

"But we did succeed. We didn’t give him any extra time, so we should capture him and let him talk about the secret methods to cultivate the power of space."

A purple clothed man carried Chen Xiang on his shoulder and quickly left.

... ....

After these people carried Chen Xiang away, Tang Zhongjie slowly walked out of the tree trunk and said with furrowed brows, "These bastards, they actually captured my new friend in my territory, and are only bullying me because I’m by myself!"

Tang Zhongjie looked at the direction that the few purple robed men disappeared in and said: "They are quite strong. If I were to fight with them, I will only end up losing both of them, and I might even injure Chen Xiang. It seems that I have to infiltrate into the Forget-me Divine Race and save Chen Xiang myself."

"Chen Xiang, you don’t have to worry. I can cure the poison for you, you have to hold on!"

After Tang Zhongjie finished speaking, he suddenly disappeared and headed towards the Forget-me Divine Race!

... ....

When Chen Xiang woke up, it was already ten days later. He looked around him, and saw a dark cave, there were arrays at the top of the cave and on the ground, and his hands were also tied up with a kind of grass. This grass released a faint fragrance, which, after smelling it, made Chen Xiang very comfortable.

"It’s a set of grass made from Wangwo flower!" Chen Xiang frowned: "Looks like I’m already at the limits of my ability with poison. Just who is it that is ambushing me? I’m not done with you! "

Right now, he couldn’t use any strength at all, and he could feel that his body was in a very poor condition. Although it was slowly recovering, the poison’s effect on his body was very great, far surpassing his recovery speed.

"You’re finally awake. You woke up pretty quickly!" An old man suddenly walked over. This old man was dressed in purple.

When Chen Xiang saw the purple robes, he thought back to the familiar aura and suddenly thought of Sun Lingxing!

Sun Lingxing’s clothes were similar to the old man’s, and his aura was also similar.

"Is it someone from Sun Lingxing’s race?" Chen Xiang couldn’t help but think about it. Sun Lingxing had a very strong race, and Sun Lingxing himself belonged to the World Defying Stage.

But only Sun Lingxing knew that he was going to the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, and now that he had been captured by the people from the Sun Lingxing Clan, it was very clear that it had something to do with Sun Lingxing! And it was heavily poisoned!

"Why are you capturing me? I have never offended any of you! " Chen Xiang said, his eyes filled with the light of hatred.

"You don’t have the right to ask this question, shut up! I ask, you answer! " His tone was extremely tyrannical, causing Chen Xiang to be even more enraged. He wanted to clench his fists, but he did not have the strength to do so.

"Do you grasp a cultivation method that uses the Space Laws?" The purple-clothed old man asked with an ice-cold voice.

Chen Xiang did not answer. He now completely understood why the other party wanted to capture him; so it was because of the spatial laws. Deep in his heart, he did not believe that Sun Lingxing would do such a thing.

"I want to see Sun Lingxing!" Chen Xiang suddenly said, the old man in front of him was just a Venerable Ancestor Later-stage cultivator, while Sun Lingxing was from the World Defying Stage, he must have a lot of power and influence.

"Are you randomly calling her by her name?" After the purple robed elder said this, a purple long whip suddenly appeared in his hand, the whip flickered with purple electric threads, he waved the whip towards Chen Xiang and whipped him dozens of times, causing Chen Xiang’s body to be covered in black whip scars.

Although Chen Xiang was in pain, he did not scream. He was unable to circulate his dao energy right now, so he was naturally unable to resist. If he was not poisoned, his physical body and Dao Energy would not be so weak right now, and the old man in front of him was definitely not his match. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The other party had used extremely despicable methods to poison him, and only now did he allow himself to be slaughtered. He forcefully suppressed the fury in his heart, contemplating how he could escape.

"Did you capture me to use the Space Laws?" Chen Xiang asked.

"That’s right. As long as you hand it over obediently, we will let you go to the Sea of Wangwo flower. You can be happy to death there." The purple-clothed old man said.

"Alright, I will hand over the cultivation technique to you, but I need you to promise me one condition first." Chen Xiang said.

"If you want to meet the proud goddess, then it’s absolutely impossible." The purple robed elder seemed to know of some things, so he could not allow Chen Xiang to meet Sun Lingxing at all.

Chen Xiang only just found out that Sun Lingxing had such a high status in the clan, he didn’t think it was weird, since Sun Lingxing was from the World Defying Stage, the old man in front of him didn’t want him to meet Sun Lingxing, obviously, there was something fishy about it.

"I want to see someone. He’s my friend!" Chen Xiang said: "I want to confirm if he is still alive, because when I was captured, he was in the vicinity."

"An old man?" The purple-clothed old man asked.

His name is Tang Zhongjie, and you guys also took him away? Chen Xiang was enraged in his heart as he coldly asked.

"No. On the other hand, it’s because he came to save you and we caught him. You don’t need to worry. Right now, he’s fine, so we can arrange for you to meet him." The purple-clothed old man said.

"Okay, I want to see him now." Chen Xiang did not know whether Tang Zhongjie had managed to refine a pill that could cure poisons or not.

"Three days!" After the purple robed elder finished speaking, he took out a bottle and tossed it to Chen Xiang. "There’s a Wangwo scent inside this bottle, you will erupt once every two hours, and as long as you smell a little bit, you will be fine.

Chen Xiang secretly clenched his teeth. If he lived his whole life like this, he felt that it would be better to die. He swore to himself that once he recovered his strength, he would repay his enemy tenfold.

He opened the bottle cap and took a sniff of the Poisonous scent.

After three days, Chen Xiang had recovered quite a bit, but he was still far from being able to reach his peak state. He knew that his body had already been ravaged by the Wangwo poison and it would be difficult to recover from it, unless he could completely cure this poison.

Tang Zhongjie came, and when he saw Chen Xiang, a glint flashed across his eyes. Chen Xiang saw the look in his eyes, and was secretly happy in his heart. He knew that Tang Zhongjie definitely had that kind of Antidote Pill.