Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Tang Zhongjie could not see Chen Xiang alone, there were a few elders behind him, all of them were powerful, and there were a few middle-aged men guarding the door, they were all at the peak of the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, so Tang Zhongjie himself was not able to handle them.

"Chen Xiang, now that I have also been poisoned by the poison, I can only concoct one pill! You know how to use the power of space, so when the time comes, bring me with you to escape, you have to succeed. " Tang Zhongjie sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang, and said: "The pellet is in my Divine Sense Sea World, can you directly enter my Divine Sense Sea World to retrieve it?"

"Fine, relax. Don’t resist my power of space."

Chen Xiang looked at the two old men behind Tang Zhongjie, and then suddenly extended out and grabbed onto Tang Zhongjie’s two old hands, and shouted: "Old Tang, are you alright! It’s all my fault, I’ve harmed you! "

In that instant, Chen Xiang’s spatial energy had already entered Tang Zhongjie’s Divine Sense Sea World, and transferred the pellet in his Divine Sense Sea World to his own You Yao Mountain Villa. At the same time, he also asked Tang Zhongjie to give him some medicinal pellets.

Tang Zhongjie did not know what Chen Xiang wanted the medicinal herbs for, but he still gave them to Chen Xiang.

After Chen Xiang obtained the medicinal ingredients, he immediately instructed the Mei Jing Sisters to speed up the planting!

After he confirmed that Tang Zhongjie was fine, he was a little worried that they would kill him, so he said: "I will not give you the cultivation technique in one go. If you kill my friends, you will not be able to obtain it! When that time comes, the power of your Space Force will be greatly reduced. "

"Alright!" After the purple clothed elderly man brought Tang Zhongjie away, he said to Chen Xiang: "Now, you can give me the cultivation technique, right?"

Chen Xiang took out a jade talisman and injected some of his cultivation technique before handing it over to the purple-clothed old man.

After the purple-clothed elder saw this, he immediately became mad with joy. Although it was only a small portion, he felt that it was extremely useful, so he hurriedly left.

Of course, Chen Xiang would not give away the real technique manuals, they were just compiled by him at the last minute so they looked very similar to fake techniques.

After the stone door of the cave closed, only Chen Xiang himself was inside, there were still many experts guarding outside.

"Sijing, how soon will you be able to grow these medicinal herbs?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"The fastest time is five days. Although they are all Ascendant level medicinal herbs, this kind of medicinal herb is very easy to grow. Patience, and so on." Jiang Sijing said.

"Chen Xiang, do you need my help?" Long Qiumu was already aware of this matter, and he was extremely anxious.

"There’s no need for that right now!" Chen Xiang said: "They are controlling that Wangwo poison, so it’s best that you do not come out first, wait until I refine a large amount of detoxification pills, as long as we are not affected by the poison, they will not be our match."

Chen Xiang patiently waited for five days, but today, the purple clothed elder had once again come to ask for his cultivation technique. Chen Xiang had also given him a lot, this time! Just like the last time, they were all unreliable and were all fabricated by him. However, it seemed like it was true, and he could not find out if it was fake for a short period of time, so he really needed time right now.

"We’ve already planted twenty!" Jiang Simei said.

"Alright!"

Chen Xiang immediately ate the antidote gave him. After eating it, he quickly untied the Wangwo poison.

After detoxifying himself, he recovered his strength very quickly and entered his own Divine Sense Sea World. He went inside the You Yao Mountain Villa and released a Time Domain that enveloped the entire You Yao Mountain Villa.

This way, in a day outside, there would be a month’s time. Although the consumption was huge, it was fortunate that he had a large number of Dao crystal that he could consume. He estimated that he would need one trillion Dao crystal, and that was something he could afford.

As long as he could get a month’s worth of time, he would definitely not lack medicinal herbs. Furthermore, he would also have a lot of antidote pills!

"These bastards, just you wait for my counterattack!"

Chen Xiang had chatted with Sun Lingxing before, so he knew from Sun Lingxing that there were a lot of evil people in this clan.

"This pill can still be considered easy to refine, much easier than the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan." Very quickly, Chen Xiang was able to refine one furnace full of pills. Even with five pills, he only took five hours. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

His pill refining skills were much better than Tang Zhongjie’s. Tang Zhongjie had only learned it because he was bored, and that was to pass the time.

In the blink of an eye, a month had passed in You Yao Mountain Villa. At the speed of ten pills per day, he had refined a total of three hundred antidote pills!

He came out of the You Yao Mountain Villa, and it had only been a day outside. He immediately released a Heaven devouring rat, made it very small, and then used the power of space to release the Heaven devouring rat.

This Heaven devouring rat went out to investigate the situation outside, and then he entered the Six Realms Time and Space Door to search for Tang Zhongjie.

He quickly found Tang Zhongjie’s Wheel of Fate and teleported to where Tang Zhongjie was.

Tang Zhongjie was also locked up in a cave. After he arrived, Tang Zhongjie was shocked, he thought that Chen Xiang would need some time to get here, he did not expect it to happen so quickly.

"Shh!" Chen Xiang gave Tang Zhongjie a few dozen Poison Cleansing Pills and at the same time said: "I will send you out right now, I plan to start a massacre here!"

"A massacre? This Forget-me Divine Race is very strong, and they have four World Defying Stage s. " Tang Zhongjie said.

"Don’t worry, I’m not afraid of them anymore!" Chen Xiang laughed.

When Tang Zhongjie saw the dozens of antidote pills, he suddenly understood. You used my medicinal herbs to grow a large amount of it before you forge it? This is way too fast! "

Because it had only been a few days, he did not believe that Chen Xiang could be so fast.

Tang Zhongjie was someone who was well-informed, and he quickly thought of it. Other than controlling the laws of space, Chen Xiang could also control the laws of time!

He could control space and time, this was an extremely terrifying existence, he realised that he had still underestimated Chen Xiang!

"I’ll send you off now!" Using the power of space, Chen Xiang teleported Tang Zhongjie to a very far place. He felt that he should be able to get Tang Zhongjie to the Primordial Forest.

After sending Tang Zhongjie away, Chen Xiang returned to his own cave. Now, he too felt a lot more at ease, and he also consumed a few antidote pills, filling his body with medicinal power at all times. This way, he wouldn’t be poisoned even if he met a Poisonous scent.

He tried to smell the fragrance of the jade bottle a few times, but there was no longer that infatuated feeling. He only felt that it was just an ordinary fragrance.

"What are people gathered outside doing?" The Heaven devouring rat that Chen Xiang released saw a lot of purple clothed people running towards a plaza, and very quickly, a lot of purple clothed people gathered in the middle of the plaza.

Chen Xiang suddenly saw that the familiar faces were the purple robed elder. The purple robed elder’s position was not low, and was actually standing on a high platform in the plaza.