Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang did not see Sun Lingxing there through the Heaven devouring rat, he felt that this kind of occasion was rather important, but Sun Lingxing was not here.

He only heard the purple clothed elder suddenly shout: "Recently, there have been a lot of outsiders wanting to enter World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, and we will definitely not let them succeed! We just caught a foreigner sneaking in here! "

"This is also why it caused such a big commotion. I know that everyone has always been very suspicious about this, and also have a lot of suspicions! Right now, no one needs to panic, we have already captured that outsider, today we will publicly execute him. " Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Chen Xiang thought, he felt that the purple-clothed old man was not referring to him, but Tang Zhongjie!

It was precisely because Tang Zhongjie came here to save him that he was captured. At that time, he must have also been at war, causing a huge commotion, but the purple clothed elder did not immediately inform everyone about this matter, probably to hide the news of him being captured.

This was because Sun Lingxing had treated Chen Xiang pretty well. If Sun Lingxing knew about this, he would definitely come to save Chen Xiang.

"This bunch of idiots, let’s see what they’ll use to deal with them later." Chen Xiang had already let Tang Zhongjie go, but the old man in purple thought that the place they were imprisoning Tang Zhongjie was flawless.

In next to no time, the purple-clothed old man found out about this matter. It should be because someone suddenly sent a sound transmission to him, so when he found out, he was extremely shocked!

Not long after, Chen Xiang sensed someone approaching. It should be to confirm that he did not run away.

Chen Xiang did not plan to leave right now. He still had other plans!

The purple clothed elderly man had personally come here, he was extremely worried that Chen Xiang would run away, because they had not obtained all the cultivation methods yet!

"Elder, what do we do now?" If I am unable to execute her, she will definitely come. " A middle-aged man said to the purple-clothed old man in a low voice, "Earlier, that old fellow caused such a huge commotion here and we claimed to capture him. Just now, you said that you were going to execute him publicly ... Furthermore, the little girl beside the proud goddess is also here, watching over her! "

"What should we do now? That’s all we have left! " The purple clothed elderly man looked at Chen Xiang and was extremely anxious.

Chen Xiang never thought that these guys would actually be so afraid of Sun Lingxing.

"How about this, we use that move to force him to hand over his cultivation technique and then push him out to be executed. As long as he dies, even if the proud goddess knows him, she cannot say anything about us!" The middle-aged man said, "In any case, he broke into our clan and deserved to be killed. Moreover, we were forced by the pressure from above to make that decision."

The purple-clothed old man listened and nodded. "Use that move!"

After Chen Xiang heard it, he sensed that something was wrong and immediately went on guard. However, the other party did not make a move.

After two hours, the middle-aged man frowned: "Strange, why hasn’t his Wangwo poison flared up yet? It should be about time! The Poisonous scent in his hands have already been used up, as long as his poison is acting up, he will beg us for help then! "

Chen Xiang immediately understood that the other party was waiting for him to act.

After being infected by the Wangwo poison, if one did not sniff that Poisonous scent for a period of time, their entire body would feel extremely uncomfortable. Chen Xiang had tried it before, and it was truly unbearable.

"Wait a little longer, he might have already been used to it for some time!" The purple-clothed old man said softly.

A plan immediately formed in Chen Xiang’s mind. He suddenly trembled, pretending to be very uncomfortable, and then rolled around on the ground, continuously twitching and shouting.

When the purple-clothed old man and middle-aged man saw this, they looked at each other and smiled.

"Kid, if you want to be comfortable, then cooperate with us!" The purple-clothed old man said, "Quickly hand over the remaining cultivation methods!"

Previously, they did not dare use this move on Chen Xiang because they were afraid that they would torment Chen Xiang to death. Now, they had no other choice.

Chen Xiang felt it was funny. He had heard the conversation between the two outside just now, so he was very clear that if he were to hand over the rest of the cultivation technique, he would be directly pawned to death on the stage.

Of course, the purple clothed elderly man and the middle-aged man did not know that Chen Xiang could hear their conversation, because Chen Xiang was currently trapped in a barrier and was extremely sealed.

"I’ll give, I’ll give!" Chen Xiang shouted: "Hurry up and give me the Wangwo scent!"

The old man laughed heartily and tossed a jade bottle to Chen Xiang. Chen Xiang opened it and pretended to smell it.

"Hurry up and hand it over!" The purple-clothed old man said, "Otherwise, you will feel much better after two hours!"

Chen Xiang immediately took out a jade tablet, took all the remaining fake methods and gave them to the purple-clothed old man.

"You will never be able to cultivate spatial energy." Chen Xiang sneered in his heart.

After Chen Xiang handed over the cultivation technique, he was immediately escorted to the high platform.

The purple clothed elderly man held a big blade and stood behind Chen Xiang, and shouted: "It’s this guy that barged into my clan, we will execute him now!"

There were a few thousand people down there, but they had all shouted loudly for the old man to quickly execute Chen Xiang!

"Wait, I have something to say ..." Chen Xiang suddenly shouted.

"Cut the crap!" When the purple robed elder was on the way, he thought that the Wangwo poison would cause Chen Xiang to become unconscious, but he never expected that Chen Xiang would suddenly open his mouth.

The purple robed old man saw that Chen Xiang had spoke, and immediately brandished his blade and chopped down, wanting to cut off Chen Xiang’s head. But who knew that Chen Xiang would suddenly disappear, and even the blade in his hand disappeared!

The moment Chen Xiang disappeared, the cheers from below suddenly stopped, everyone was shocked, in their hearts, they were shocked that Chen Xiang suddenly appeared again!

When Chen Xiang appeared, he wielded the large blade that the purple clothed elder had used earlier and ruthlessly slashed at the purple clothed elder!

"Hua!"

The instant Chen Xiang brandished his blade, an extremely terrifying Heavenly Alchemy immortal power appeared, the divine might carrying a gush of flames gushed out, condensing into an extremely berserk blade aura, like a gigantic axe that was slashing straight at the purple-clothed old man!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The Bladeqi erupted out of his body as if it could split the heaven and earth apart. The moment it struck the old man’s body, an earth-shattering shockwave came crashing down on him. The entire platform collapsed as the old man was sliced into pieces by the Bladeqi.

In the center of the plaza, there was even a deep ravine, left behind when Chen Xiang cut down on them!

It was you who caught me in the Everlasting Forest, and you even used a very dense number of Wangwo poison s on me, forcing me to hand over my godly technique. My friend came to save me, and clashed with you, and in the end, was even captured by you guys! Chen Xiang took out his Heavenly Alchemy Emperor seal.

The Heavenly Alchemy Emperor seal was thrown up high into the sky by Chen Xiang and instantly turned into a super huge mountain!

"You Forget-me Divine Race are a group of barbaric and evil people, go and die!" Chen Xiang roared, the gigantic Heavenly Alchemy Emperor seal smashed down, the gigantic plaza was ripped apart, the people who were trying to flee were all blown away by the Spirit Qi waves, all of them spat out blood, their bodies were covered in blood.