Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang recalled how those fellows used the extremely cruel and terrifying Wangwo poison s on him, and anger churned up unceasingly in his heart. He floated in the air, controlled the Heavenly Alchemy Emperor seal, and unceasingly smashed the ground.

All the buildings here had already disappeared, and near the deep pit, there were Forget-me Divine Race people who were badly injured and covered in blood.

There were no World Defying Stage here, and simply no one was a match for Chen Xiang. Even though Chen Xiang had not stepped into the World Defying Stage, his current strength was already equivalent to half of the World Defying Stage’s, not to mention that he was currently this angry! When he was angry, anger made him stronger.

Although there were no World Defying Stage s here, with how large the commotion was, it had already alarmed the nearby World Defying Stage s. Chen Xiang knew that there were several World Defying Stage s inside this Forget-me Divine Race.

One of them will be here right now!

Chen Xiang had already caught a middle-aged man, and this middle-aged man had caught him in the beginning as well. After he had swallowed the middle-aged man’s memories, he found out that the mastermind behind the arrest was actually a World Defying Stage.

"What happened ..." The one who came was a purple-robed elderly man. When Chen Xiang saw this elderly man, he immediately recognized that this was the person who wanted his cultivation technique.

When the purple-robed old man heard from Sun Lingxing that Chen Xiang could control the power of space, he had the intention to snatch it away from him. Thus, he immediately sent people to the Primordial Forest to capture Chen Xiang, and have them secretly imprison him, forcing Chen Xiang to hand over his spatial technique.

"It’s you!" The purple-robed old man couldn’t help but be shocked when he saw Chen Xiang. Of course he recognized him.

"Old bastard, you’re the one who sent people to capture me? I’ve suffered a lot! " Chen Xiang said as he gnashed his teeth. Then, he teleported behind the purple-robed elder.

"Six beasts Nirvana Seal!" Chen Xiang was furious. In one breath, he released all of the Six beasts in his Divine Sense Sea World and rushed into the center of the Heavenly Alchemy Emperor seal.

The Heavenly Alchemy Emperor seal instantly fused with the Six beasts’s power and turned into a six horned giant seal. Each corner of the Heavenly Alchemy Emperor seal had a mighty Beast statue.

The giant seal contained Chen Xiang’s strongest power, and at the same time, Chen Xiang was still continuously channeling dao energy into it!

"You ..." He never thought that Chen Xiang would actually have such a powerful strength. He wanted to dodge, but he didn’t expect that his body wouldn’t be able to move, as Chen Xiang had already used the power of space to bind him.

"You old bastard, go to hell!"

Chen Xiang bellowed, his body suddenly swelled up, a burst of aura that looked down upon the world surged out, the Six beasts in the sky released sets of earth-shaking roars, with a mighty aura, it erupted wave after wave of energy, pressuring the giant seal to smash down. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

The Six beasts’s Lone Death Seal instantly smashed onto the ground, destroying the purple-robed elder. The purple-robed elder’s pained cry was the first to be released, it was extremely miserable as layers upon layers of the seal fell onto the ground, followed by the violent sound of the giant seal hitting the ground!

"Old bastard, your fate is too tough!" Chen Xiang controlled the giant seal to float in the air, and then smashed it down ruthlessly. It pressed down consecutively for more than ten times, and the area of five hundred kilometers around it deeply caved in.

Of course, those who were severely injured just now had all been turned into ashes by this point! Just now, when Chen Xiang was about to be killed, that group of people shouted the most fiercely, and all of them revealed a vicious aura, they were all filled with Evil Qi, so Chen Xiang did not plan on letting them go!

The purple-robed old man slowly floated in the air. Although his entire body was in a sorry state and he had been severely injured, he still looked like he could fight!

"You can’t kill me! Little bastard, you’re underestimating me, haha ... My World Defying Stage is immortal. " The purple-robed old man wildly laughed, "And you’ve already given me your cultivation method. I will train the power of space sooner or later!"

Chen Xiang took out the Heavenly magic sword and the Six beasts Nirvana Seal was also kept by him. He laughed coldly, "Old bastard, you think that I would hand over the real spatial cultivation technique to you? You’re too naive! Those are all things laozi made up to fool you! "

"What ..." The purple-robed elder was infuriated, and a wave of energy rippled out from his body.

Chen Xiang immediately teleported over and released Tianchuang furnace, allowing it to bombard the purple-robed elder’s head violently. He instantly smashed the head hundreds of times, causing the opponent’s head to bleed, at the same time he kept on thrusting the sword, he never thought that the elder’s body was actually so strong, his Heavenly magic sword was unable to pierce through it!

"Haha, you won’t be able to kill me, even if that little girl Sun Lingxing comes, she will still not be able to kill me. Once in World Defying Stage, she will never die." Even though the purple robed elder was injured all over and was being continuously attacked by Chen Xiang, he still laughed out loud, "I’m going to take your memories right now!"

"Dream on!" Seeing that his opponent was attacking, Chen Xiang immediately teleported to dodge. He did not expect that after being attacked so fiercely by Chen Xiang, the old fellow was still so strong.

At the same time, he had also consumed a lot of energy. He planned to deal with the opponent for a period of time, recover himself, and then think of a way to kill the opponent.

A purple light swept out like a meteor, and a noble beautiful woman dressed in a purple dress appeared. It was Sun Lingxing!

"Chen Xiang?" Sun Lingxing was shocked, she looked around and frowned, then immediately understood what was happening. Sensing the dead aura around, she knew that a lot of people had died, all of them were from her Forget-me Divine Race.

"I did it, all the Forget-me Divine Race people here were killed by me!"

Chen Xiang said coldly, if it were not for her blabbering, he would not be tormented by the Wangwo poison, and he would not fight with others here.

"Uncle Sun, stop!" Sun Lingxing’s voice was cold, she was obviously angry, she only wanted to clarify the situation, and with a wave of her hand, she released a ball of purple light mist, covering the purple robed elder.

"What the hell is going on!" Sun Lingxing asked coldly.

"Little girl, I’m your uncle, please respect me!" At the same time, he was also injured, and Sun Lingxing’s strength was obviously stronger than his, which was why he was able to control him.

"Old bastard, I can’t kill you now, but I will come look for you when I enter the World Defying Stage. At that time, I will kill all of this Forget-me Divine Race." Chen Xiang was about to teleport after speaking, but his body was suddenly wrapped in the purple light.

He anxiously used the White Tiger to jump and obtain the power Sun Lingxing released!

"Explain the situation, don’t leave!" Sun Lingxing said with an extremely strict tone.

"I can’t be bothered to tell you. If it wasn’t for you, I wouldn’t have suffered! I admit that I’m not an innocent person, so it would be very hard for me to fall for the Wangwo poison ... However, you guys who grow Wangwo poison and use Wangwo poison to deal with other people are even more repulsive than me. You bullshit Forget-me Divine Race should just disappear together with the Wangwo flower. " was extremely furious. Being poisoned by Wangwo poison was not an easy thing to endure.

"Who poisoned you!" Sun Lingxing had also felt Chen Xiang’s anger at this moment, and her expression had become extremely serious. "But right now, you don’t look like you’ve been poisoned!!"