Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Sun Lingxing knew that the use of Wangwo flower to refine Wangwo scent was forbidden, but she did not care about the fact that someone was secretly refining them. Now that she knew that someone was using this poison to poison someone, and even knew who it was, she was extremely angry.

"It was this old turtle who sent people to poison me. He used quite a few of them, and caused me to fall asleep for ten days and ten nights! After I woke up, I used my reliance on Poisonous scent s to force me to hand over my spatial technique. Luckily, my friend came over to save me and helped me to cure the poison in my body, so I could get rid of that pain. " Chen Xiang snorted, he did not know how he could kill the purple robed man.

"Is this for real?" Sun Lingxing’s body trembled. She finally understood that when Chen Xiang looked at her, his eyes were filled with anger and resentment. She had indeed told her clan’s rankers about Chen Xiang’s powerful spatial energy.

This led to a chain of events that happened to Chen Xiang later on!

"Ask him!" Chen Xiang glared at the purple-robed elder.

The purple-robed elder laughed coldly, "Bullsh * t. Now, all the people here have been killed by him. Girl, do you want to listen to an outsider and not believe my uncle? I am your father’s elder brother! " Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Chen Xiang sneered: "I knew you would say that!"

He looked at Sun Lingxing and said: "It doesn’t matter if you believe me or not. In short, one day, I will destroy this guy and burn the entire Sea of Wangwo flower. Goodbye!"

"Wait!" Sun Lingxing didn’t know who to believe at this time either.

"I don’t have time to waste on you. If this old man can recover his strength, I will be the one to die."

"Haha, you must be feeling guilty!" You killed thousands of our god-race members, and it’s like you just ran away? Don’t even think about it! " The purple-robed elder laughed loudly.

Sun Lingxing frowned, then two powerful Spirit Qi suddenly surged over, another two World Defying Stage s, one was middle-aged, the other was an old lady.

"That’s right, how can we let him leave just like that? He killed a lot of people! " The middle-aged man said.

"Seventh Uncle ..." Aunt, you came too! " Sun Lingxing was suddenly in a difficult situation, these were her elders, and she wanted to take care of this matter by herself, but it was impossible now, the two elders would definitely help her uncle.

"You bastards want me to stay? Could he hold on to it? I admit that you are both World Defying Stage s and all of you are very strong, but if you give me time, I will step all of you under my feet sooner or later. " After Chen Xiang finished speaking, his body suddenly exploded with a strong burst of spatial energy, and in the blink of an eye, he disappeared.

Seeing Chen Xiang use such powerful spatial energy, the purple-robed elder, the middle aged man, and the old lady all had faces full of envy and jealousy. Sun Lingxing also saw something in their eyes, and the greed in them was obvious.

Chen Xiang teleported into the Primordial Forest, when he arrived there, he was finally relieved, the pressure he felt from facing the four World Defying Stage s was not small at all.

"World Defying Stage can’t enter this place. I should be very safe now, and I’m not afraid of those Wangwo poison anymore." Although Chen Xiang was able to return, she felt a little unhappy that she did not kill the purple-robed elder.

"I can only take it slowly, I am still not World Defying Stage!" Chen Xiang sighed in his heart, then went to look for Tang Zhongjie.

If Tang Zhongjie had not suddenly brought the detoxification pill and ingredients here, he didn’t know what would happen to him right now, so he had to go and thank Tang Zhongjie.

... ....

"Lingxing, if you hadn’t been indecisive, how would you have let that kid run away? Now that’s good, everyone here has been killed by him. Although they are just the lowliest clansmen in our god race, they still belong to our Forget-me Divine Race, and those are the lives of everyone here. " The purple-robed elder reprimanded.

"Leave this matter to me, I will definitely find him." Sun Lingxing said: "Even if my cultivation regress, I will still enter the Ao Shi forest to find him!"

"Spirit Star, let’s just forget about this matter. Those guys don’t need to make you lose that much!" Sun Lingxing was an outstanding disciple of the Sun family. At such a young age, he was already a World Defying Stage, and he was also a pure person with a mind. He would not be affected by the Wangwo flower, and was a treasure of the Sun family.

"Right, right, leave this matter to us to handle! We’ll send people into the forest to look for him. This time, we will dispatch some of our Royal Grade experts. " The middle-aged man smiled and said: "Lingxing, you don’t need to worry about this matter!"

Sun Lingxing nodded his head: "Alright, I believe you!"

Even though she said so, when she turned around, a glimmer flashed in her eyes.

Afterwards, she went back with her three elders!

... ....

Inside the Everlasting Forest, Chen Xiang was looking for Tang Zhongjie everywhere.

"I shouldn’t have teleported Old Tang to somewhere else, right?" Chen Xiang was secretly worried. He could only wait at the tree hole he had previously opened.

When night fell, he suddenly sensed someone approaching and hastily turned invisible!

However, when he sensed that it was Tang Zhongjie’s Qi, he became at ease.

"Old Tang!" Chen Xiang anxiously rushed out from the tree hole and chuckled.

"Chen Xiang... Hehe, you’re finally back! " Tang Zhongjie was very happy to see Chen Xiang, and laughed.

"Those guys can’t keep me." Chen Xiang laughed.

"What happened over there? There’s quite the commotion! " Tang Zhongjie asked anxiously.

After that, Chen Xiang continued to add fuel to the fire by bragging about what had happened inside, and because he trusted Tang Zhongjie greatly, he did not fear revealing his own strength.

"Fighting against four World Defying Stage s at the same time, you’re awesome!" Tang Zhongjie praised repeatedly, then said smilingly: "If it wasn’t for me desperately defending this World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, I would still be a World Defying Stage who had successfully cultivated his profound body, so I washed this Forget-me Divine Race clean."

"Old Tang, is the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum really worth your wait? Why are you waiting for World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum? Otherwise, you would at least be in the World Defying Stage’s Profound Rank right now, and you could even be in the Holy-rank. " Chen Xiang asked.

"It’s worth it. The World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor and the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor only have World Defying Holy Body s, if you want to cultivate a Divine Body, you can only enter the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum. I heard that there are experts with Divine Bodies inside." Tang Zhongjie said: "I am not the only one who has been guarding this place for so many years, there are also many old fellows who have placed their bets on World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum!"

"You have to know that if we are unable to cultivate our divine bodies, then they will be meaningless to us." Tang Zhongjie sighed.

Chen Xiang had already cultivated enough control of time, if he returned, he would also face the threat of World Defying Stage like the High Priest. Although he could injure the purple-robed old man last time, he did not counterattack much, and the purple-robed old man did not want to kill him in order to obtain the spatial technique, if not he would not be so easy!!