Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

If it was the past, Chen Xiang would not consider such things, but now, he felt that he would be stepping into the World Defying Stage very soon, and should be considering for the future, if not he could only cultivate World Defying Holy Body in the future.

"Right now we are extremely safe in Ao Shi Forest, with our strength, even if we are surrounded by multiple Venerable Ancestor Later-stage s, we will not be caught, unless we are poisoned! I don’t think that sort of thing will ever happen again. " Tang Zhongjie still had the antidote that Chen Xiang had refined for him, and the quality was much better than what he had refined himself.

Now, they already had a poison pill to guard against Wangwo poison. Once poisoned, he only needed to eat it immediately and the effects of the pill would be active in his body. That kind of Poisonous scent would not have any effect on them.

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "That’s right, they won’t be able to succeed a second time. I think they won’t be able to let this go easily. Although there are many World Defying Stage s in their Forget-me Divine Race, none of them can enter this place. Once they do, their strength will not be much stronger than us! "

Although Chen Xiang had safely returned, he was still unwilling to let go. It was because he did not kill the purple-robed elder, and he even suspected that it was not only the purple-robed elder that had harmed him. The old woman and the middle-aged man might have been involved as well.

Those people all wanted to obtain his spatial technique, even if it meant taking the risk of offending Sun Lingxing. So Chen Xiang was very sure, that before long, the World Defying Stage would send more people over.

"Old Tang, we have to guard against them more. Is there anywhere safe here?" Chen Xiang asked. He felt that it would be more dangerous on the ground.

"Although the Everlasting Forest is large, for the people of the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, with their speed, they should be able to quickly search the entire forest. Moreover, their Forget-me Divine Race has other methods to find people, so it’s not easy to hide." Tang Zhongjie shook her head: "But you don’t have to worry, as long as we are together, taking care of each other, they will not succeed in doing so. If you are going to go into closed door cultivation, then I will guard nearby."

"Alright, it looks like that’s the only way!" Chen Xiang still had to continue refining Heaven and Earth infinite Dan s, as it would allow him to step into the World Defying Stage.

In addition, he could now use the Time Laws to buy him quite a bit of time.

"Time Ghost can turn one day into one year, and I can only turn one month. It looks like I have to continue working hard." Chen Xiang entered a tree cave and stood guard at the entrance.

Chen Xiang entered the tree cave and continued refining his Heaven and Earth infinite Dan. Although he entered the tree cave, the moment he entered, he immediately released his spatial protection and even released his Six Realms mirrors to protect himself.

Then, he entered his own Divine Sense Sea World and released the power of time, enveloping his entire being and refining pills there.

After doing all this, he was still worried. He also released several hundred Heaven devouring rat s and scuttled around the forest, the moment someone approached him, he would be able to find out earlier than Tang Zhongjie.

After the last incident, his heart was already a little shady, so his defense was very thorough!

Chen Xiang’s goal was to refine a hundred Heaven and Earth infinite Dan that were refined using the Three Crash Techniques. He had already refined some at the Time Ghost before and it was not too far from his goal. After all, he could use the Time Laws now.

In the blink of an eye, one month had passed, yet Chen Xiang had already stayed in the You Yao Mountain Villa for over thirty months.

"The Dao energy here is so dense, if we were to eat the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan here, the effects might be even better." When Chen Xiang entered earlier, he was already surprised by the rich dao energy inside.

"Rich isn’t a good thing either. If I eat the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan, with the speed at which the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan is absorbing Dao energy crazily from the outside world, it would be easy for it to be discovered." Jiang Simei said.

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "If you guys ate it in the You Yao Mountain Villa, it would not be too big of a commotion, you guys try it first!"

While Chen Xiang was refining the pellet, he would research the Myriad Tao’s [Divine Arts]. He chose a portion of the techniques suitable for the Mei Jing Sisters s to cultivate and let them cultivate ... However, only Jiang Sijing had the patience to cultivate, they all had Twin Life Arts, as long as one of them succeeded in stepping into World Defying Stage.

In terms of cultivation, Jiang Sijing had more patience and potential. Although Jiang Simei was fine with it, her personality was one of impatience.

"Elder Brother Shen, then I’ll eat it now. Big Sis and Big Sister Qiu Mu will take care of these fields." Jiang Sijing took the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan that Chen Xiang gave him and then entered a secret room.

Chen Xiang gave Jiang Sijing more than half of the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan. Previously, he was extremely anxious to get into the World Defying Stage, but now, he was somewhat hesitant, because he still wanted to stay in the forest!

If one stepped into the World Defying Stage, continuing to stay in this forest would cause one’s cultivation to regress!

In the end, he decided to give it a try first. Whether or not he could let Mei Jing Sisters and Long Qiumu enter the World Defying Stage, if they could, he wouldn’t have anything to worry about even if he was needed outside.

"I hope the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum can open it quickly. I just need to go inside and take a look." Chen Xiang also wanted to know the secret to cultivating the Primordial Divine Body, this way he would be able to directly reach this peak in the future.

In the remaining time, he continued to refine Heaven and Earth infinite Dan s. At this time, he had made great progress, he was able to progress to the Fourth Crash, he felt that he would only need to eat fifty to sixty pills to break through!

Even if it was given to Long Qiumu to eat, he would still have a lot left!

Chen Xiang had already been in closed door cultivation for two months, and that was only outside time. On the other hand, several years had already passed since he came out of You Yao Mountain Villa.

She had cultivated for such a long time, she most likely had a chance of entering the World Defying Stage!

"Qiu Mu, once Sijing comes out, it’s your turn to go in!" Chen Xiang gave Long Qiumu some Heaven and Earth infinite Dan. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"What about you? "You aren’t going to continue forging?" Long Qiumu was also excited at this moment, she couldn’t wait to step into World Defying Stage.

"There’s something going on outside, I have to go out and take a look. If too many fellows from Forget-me Divine Race come, he might not be able to handle it." Chen Xiang said, the Heaven devouring rat he released outside saw a few black clothed men sneaking in, they were obviously not from inside the forest.

Chen Xiang walked out of the tree cave and was drinking with a few elders. When he saw Chen Xiang coming out, he shouted anxiously, "Brat, you’re finally out of seclusion!"

Before this, Chen Xiang knew that there would be people coming to find Tang Zhongjie from time to time, and these were all Tang Zhongjie’s friends, so he walked over with a smile. However, he was a little worried in his heart, because the Heaven devouring rat he released was revealing more and more black-clothed men.