Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Tang Zhongjie saw that Chen Xiang’s expression was strange, and anxiously asked: "What’s wrong?"

Chen Xiang frowned: "A group of black clothed men are coming over. If I’m not mistaken, they are the ones who sent them."

The black clothed man and the large group of people were all walking towards them. When Tang Zhongjie heard this, he was sure that the Forget-me Divine Race had finally sent people over.

"Everyone, let’s split up!" Tang Zhongjie said, he had obviously told his friends before.

Soon, his friends left in several different directions.

"Chen Xiang, let’s go as well!" Tang Zhongjie said.

Chen Xiang shook his head: "If we do not resolve this matter, we will definitely not be at peace here. Right now, we need to first figure out how they determined that I am here!"

Chen Xiang had always been suspicious about this matter. Previously, when he was sneakily attacked, the other party had already determined his position, which was why he was able to get his hands on the treasure.

Thus, he had to find out. Only in this way would he be able to avoid it.

"Old Tang, leave first, I’m planning on sneaking an attack on them." After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he immediately turned invisible.

So far, there were more than twenty black-clothed men who had discovered his Heaven devouring rat, so these black-clothed men must all be Venerable Ancestor Later-stage s with decent strength. If not for Chen Xiang’s Heaven devouring rat being able to see things at night, he would have very likely discovered them.

The black clothed man was extremely fast. When the Heaven devouring rat had discovered them, they were still very far away, but now they were gradually approaching.

Although Tang Zhongjie was close to death and had decent strength, it was still possible to fight against the black-clothed men. However, Chen Xiang prevented him from participating in the battle and allowed him to leave quickly.

After Chen Xiang used the Counter Power to conceal himself, he had completely hidden himself and Tang Zhongjie had already fled far away.

"They stopped? Is it because I have completely hidden myself? " Using the Heaven devouring rat s, Chen Xiang discovered that the black-clothed men had suddenly stopped, and began to make guesses in his heart.

At the same time, he was also rushing towards the black clothed men. He must get rid of these men in black clothes and let Forget-me Divine Race know how powerful he was.

"I wonder how strong these men in black are!" When Chen Xiang got closer, he was still a little hesitant. After all, the other party had been sent by the Forget-me Divine Race, and the Forget-me Divine Race’s World Defying Stage already knew his background. They knew his strength, so they would definitely not send some weak people over.

The Forget-me Divine Race would definitely send out a very powerful Venerable Ancestor Later-stage to capture him.

After nearing it, Chen Xiang became even more careful!

Even though he was hidden, he could not completely hide himself. The Sun Lingxing from before and Tang Zhongjie could both discover him! Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"We’ve been discovered!" When Chen Xiang got closer, he saw through the Heaven devouring rat s that the black clothed men who were hovering in the forest suddenly became very cautious. They all took out their weapons, which were black long blades that emitted a threatening killing intent.

They must have sensed Chen Xiang coming closer, so they were prepared to fight!

Fortunately, not all of the twenty or so black-clad men were gathered together. All of them were in groups of two or three, with some distance between them.

"Even if you could discover me, it would be useless." When Chen Xiang got closer, he controlled a few Heaven devouring rat s to suddenly jump out of the forest, making quite a few movements. After the three men in black noticed him, they immediately gave chase.

At the same time, Chen Xiang quietly teleported behind them, the extremely sharp Heavenly magic sword in his hand was injected with extremely strong Spirit Qi, causing the Heavenly magic sword to become even more tyrannical. Combined with the God Murdering Sword Techniques, he was able to decapitate the three black-clothed men in an instant! Then, with a few quick sword attacks, they exterminated their bodies and sealed their heads inside the Six Realms mirrors.

After taking down the three black-clothed men, Chen Xiang immediately used Soul Absorbing Devil Spell on the Six Realms mirrors, engulfing the black-clothed men’s memories!

Chen Xiang found what he wanted to know from their memories.

"These guys can actually use this kind of demonic technique!" Chen Xiang found him when the other party found out about it.

Inside the Forget-me Divine Race, there was an extremely mystical method that allowed people to sense where Chen Xiang was. It seemed to be somewhat similar to the method in the Six Realms Time and Space Door.

Because it was too profound, these black-clothed men didn’t know the principles behind this technique. And before they came, an elder who had used a secret art like this to refine their souls.

"It seems like they used my aura to determine my location. As long as I let even a little of my aura out, they would immediately know where I am." Chen Xiang took a deep breath, he had leaked a lot of Spirit Qi now, so the few men in black quickly rushed over.

"These naive fellows!" Chen Xiang sneered in his heart, then summoned all the Heaven devouring rat back. He injected his power into all of them, and then had hundreds of them run all over the forest.

Just as Chen Xiang had guessed, those black-clothed men were immediately stunned, because they suddenly had a lot of targets, and they were all very active as they ran all over the place. At this point of time, they had no way of ascertaining Chen Xiang’s location.

"These guys are only here to check if I’m still here. They just need to confirm!" Now it seems that they have already confirmed it, and from now on, they will send some of their so-called Emperor Stage Venerable Ancestor s to deal with me! " At this time, Chen Xiang began to counterattack. When he encountered those black-clothed men, he killed them one by one and fed them to the rats.

"Emperor Stage Venerable Ancestor is the strongest Venerable ancestor realm in the entire Forget-me Divine Race. It is said that all of them are people who have only half a foot into the World Defying Stage. They are just a bit away from cultivating to the World Defying soul and the Primordial Profound Body. They are all extremely extraordinary fellows."

From the memories of the black-clothed men, Chen Xiang knew that the Forget-me Divine Race was vigorously cultivating this kind of powerful Venerable ancestor realm. He had cultivated these people’s Six souls and the Myriad Tao’s Golden Body to the extreme, and was very close to the World Defying soul and the prideful profound body.

If they were willing to put in a little more effort to push it, this group of people would very likely be able to step into the World Defying Stage, and they would even be able to become a true World Defying Stage who possessed the World Defying soul and an unrivalled profound body!

Of course, this group wouldn’t necessarily succeed, it wouldn’t be easy to enter the World Defying Stage. But once they succeed, then it would be a very strong World Defying Stage, Chen Xiang knew from the black clothed man’s memories that Sun Lingxing was originally also a Emperor Stage Venerable Ancestor, and that after she comprehended it herself, she would be able to cultivate the World Defying soul. Now that she could cultivate an arrogant profound body, her strength would greatly increase!

"There are actually three branches in the Forget-me Divine Race, Sun, Zhou, and Wang. They are also very complicated!" Although Chen Xiang had assimilated the memories of the black-clothed man, the black-clothed man did not have a lot of understanding of Forget-me Divine Race.

In merely a single night, those black-clothed men had all been killed by Chen Xiang. However, at this moment, his heart was still very heavy. He was considering whether or not to leave this place, because the Emperor Stage Venerable Ancestor who came to capture him was extremely terrifying.