Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang did not know when the Emperor Stage Venerable Ancestor would come, and even until dawn, he had not gone to find Tang Zhongjie. At this moment, he was still hesitating whether he should go and spar with the Emperor Stage Venerable Ancestor.

If it was one or two, he felt that he could deal with them. However, if it was a large group, he had no confidence. From the memories of the black clothed man, he knew that the three clans in Forget-me Divine Race were able to cultivate a group of such Emperor Stage Venerable Ancestor.

It was morning and the sun was shining inside the forest. Chen Xiang said, "Let’s stay and take a look, I don’t believe that they are really that powerful!"

Chen Xiang was wandering around in the forest. He did not go to the location of the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, he did not want to cause a huge battle there.

The Emperor Stage Venerable Ancestor came faster than he had expected. It was just that at dawn, they arrived. Although there was only one person, his aura was extremely terrifying.

"It’s really strong!" Chen Xiang clenched his fists, he was already prepared to fight.

In a short while, the Emperor Stage Venerable Ancestor arrived in front of him.

What Chen Xiang did not expect was that Emperor Stage Venerable Ancestor was actually a handsome man wearing a luxurious gold robe. He looked heroic and overbearing, with an evil smile on his lips.

"Come back with me!" The man smiled faintly. "If that’s the case, neither of us will have to put in effort. What a good ending!"

"You are the one who is relaxed. When I go back, I will definitely be tortured to death by those old fellows." laughed coldly, the Forget-me Divine Race knew that he was strong, but he had only sent one Emperor Stage Venerable Ancestor.

In other words, they had a lot of confidence in the Emperor Stage Venerable Ancestor, or perhaps gave this man in front of them a powerful divine tool or the like.

"As long as you cooperate, that won’t happen. Our clan’s elders are quite easy to talk to." The golden robed man smiled: "As long as you obediently hand over your spatial technique to us, I guarantee that you will be able to leave our Forget-me Divine Race safe and sound."

"You want a spatial cultivation technique?" "Even if your entire family kneels and begs me, I still won’t give you bastards a chance." The Heavenly Alchemy Emperor seal had already appeared in Chen Xiang’s hand.

"Then I can only work a bit harder!" The golden robed man smiled and waved his hand. Suddenly, a golden light flashed.

Chen Xiang had never expected that after being enveloped by the golden light, his entire body would be pierced through, as if his entire body was pierced through by the golden light.

Although his body was in pain, Chen Xiang could still endure it. He immediately teleported away to avoid the enemy’s next fierce attack.

Sure enough, after he teleported, he saw the golden-robed man’s hands wildly dance as they shot out golden beams of light. These golden beams of light were extremely terrifying. The trees that were struck by this golden light were instantly reduced to golden mist!

In the blink of an eye, the surrounding hundreds of miles were empty. All the trees had disappeared!

"Emperor Stage Venerable Ancestor, you really do have some strength!" Chen Xiang had already used Counter Power to conceal himself.

"This trick is useless to me." He had already realized that Chen Xiang was not as easy to deal with as he had imagined, especially since Chen Xiang knew about the power of space and could always teleport away to avoid his attacks.

No matter if it was strength or speed, he had reached the peak of Venerable ancestor realm. He was only slightly weaker than Chen Xiang, who even knew how to use spatial power.

"Looks like this is the only way!" The golden robed man suddenly took out a ball of light and threw it into the air. The ball of light exploded in the air for a moment before a huge net suddenly appeared, covering the entire area and forming a huge golden light barrier.

The giant net that was emitting a golden light gradually closed, bringing with it a wave of oppressive pressure. It was extremely powerful!

"Is this the power of the World Defying Stage?" Chen Xiang was shocked in his heart, that power made him feel fear.

He immediately used the White Tiger’s jump in an attempt to jump out of the web, but it was unable to pierce through the energy. The powerful energy actually caused the space to become extremely stable, and even had the ability to absorb the energy.

"No wonder he was so confident. So it turns out that he has such a powerful item in his hands." Chen Xiang saw that the giant net was tightening and that he was right in the middle of it. If he couldn’t run out, he would be caught sooner or later.

"This is a World Defying artifact, you can’t handle it!" The golden-robed man was extremely proud. Right now, both of his hands were holding two golden beads. These two pearls released two beams of light, which linked up with the huge web.

After Chen Xiang saw it, his eyes brightened and he said in his heart: "The World Defying artifact should be very scary, and requires a lot of power to activate. The two pearls in this guy’s hands should contain the power of a World Defying Stage Ranker, so he can activate this huge net, and as long as I cut off the energy source of this net, I will be able to free myself." VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"Alright, then I’ll give it a try!" Chen Xiang immediately controlled the Heaven devouring rat outside to jump over.

In just an instant, over a thousand Heaven devouring rat rushed over from all directions. Although these Heaven devouring rat only had the power of the early stage of the Venerable ancestor realm, and although they were extremely weak in front of the Emperor Stage Venerable Ancestor, they still had another strong ability, which was to devour!

The golden robed man did not expect that so many rats would suddenly jump out, furthermore, they were not weak, after they flew up, they exploded on their own, causing no small amount of energy shockwaves, causing him to be flustered and panicked. At this moment, he was covered by the Heaven devouring rat that was constantly self-destructing, being covered by balls of explosion, he was unable to see Chen Xiang, but he could feel the two golden beads in his hands releasing its energy.

The golden net would absorb the energy released by the golden bead, so he was not worried.

When the golden-robed man was distracted, Chen Xiang controlled the two hundred more Heaven devouring rat to devour the golden light beams released by the two golden pearls.

The Heaven devouring rat did not let Chen Xiang down. In just an instant, it had cut off the power of the Golden Pearl that was released, stopping the golden net from absorbing the power of the world.

Very quickly, the golden light from the golden net disappeared. Without the oppressing force, Chen Xiang immediately used the White Tiger to jump onto the net in the middle.

In the center of the giant net, there was a bead at the top. Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors and stored the bead inside, then threw out the Heavenly Alchemy Emperor seal.

The golden-robed man finally shook all the rats away, but he was stupefied. The giant golden net and Chen Xiang were both gone, and just as he was panicking, a violent wave of Heavenly Alchemy immortal power enveloped him!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The Heavenly Alchemy Emperor seal erupted with a roar, flickering with six colored clouds that pressured towards the golden-clothed man with a power that shook the world.

"Ahh ..." The golden-robed man could not help but scream out, because when the Heavenly Alchemy Emperor seal pressed down, the resulting energy was currently tearing apart his body and soul.

RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!

The giant seal fell to the ground, shattering the soul. The golden-clothed man’s body and soul, along with the shockwave created by the giant seal as it hit the ground, swept through the entire forest!