Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang could not retaliate at all. Unless the opponent was alone, he would not be able to win against so many opponents.

"Do we have to keep on running like this?" Chen Xiang found it hard to understand that his position had still been discovered by the other party.

Even if he wasn’t discovered, with the opponent’s strength, it would be difficult for him to defeat these seven strong people.

Chen Xiang had already used two of his teleportation abilities to dodge, although it did not exhaust him, it gave him no pressure and he did not dare to leave Ao Shi Forest, as he did not know what was waiting for him outside.

"Motherf * cker, Forget-me Divine Race is really going too far." Chen Xiang could only stall for time. When Jiang Sijing stepped into the World Defying Stage, he would be able to provide him with World Defying Stage Divine Power, and then he would be able to use that Prideful God. With this, he felt that dealing with the seven powerful Venerable ancestor realm would be much easier.

However, when he was constantly teleporting, he suddenly felt that the aura around him was different!

"Crap!" It was only then that Chen Xiang suddenly realised that he had entered a trap set up by an enemy. A gigantic divine formation filled with Spirit grain appeared below him.

The moment the divine formation activated, Chen Xiang felt a mysterious force attack him, preventing him from controlling the power within his body.

At this moment, a purple coloured giant suddenly descended, enveloping him!

"We’ve finally caught him. It’s all thanks to the proud array disc that the elder gave us that we were able to catch him!" A man dressed in purple came up to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang was standing on the array disc, the array disc was releasing its light, his body was also covered by a purple light, the Thunder power that he was constantly releasing was extremely powerful, causing his entire body to feel numb, he was unable to use any Spirit Qi, it was clear that this was another World Defying artifact.

"You bastards really want to capture me that much?" Chen Xiang was trying to think of a way to get rid of this seal, and he wasn’t willing to be taken just like that.

"Hmph, you brought this upon yourself. This time, you are dead for sure! You actually killed one of our Emperor Stage Venerable Ancestor. Don’t you know that all of our Emperor Stage Venerable Ancestor s are very important figures in our clan? " The man sneered.

Just as Chen Xiang was about to die with them, a white light suddenly shot over. Chen Xiang felt that this Qi was extremely familiar, and he could not help but be shocked, not daring to believe it!

"Sun Lingxing, you ... "Why are you here!" A purple robed man shouted in surprise.

If not for the man, Chen Xiang would never have dared to believe that Sun Lingxing would actually be here!

Sun Lingxing was from World Defying Stage, the people from World Defying Stage would retreat once they enter here, but Sun Lingxing was still here!

"I just want to know how many dirty things you’ve done!" It was indeed Sun Lingxing. At this moment, she was dressed in simple white, and instantly appeared in front of Chen Xiang. With a light wave of her jade hand, the purple light enveloping Chen Xiang’s body was also lifted.

And the array disc below Chen Xiang’s feet had lost its light, it stopped moving, and Chen Xiang could now use Dao Energy!

"You ... How did you get in! " The man in purple retreated a few steps, and the other six people in purple also retreated with faces full of shock. They all knew how strong Sun Lingxing was, and they knew that he was definitely not someone they could deal with.

After Sun Lingxing stepped into the World Defying Stage, although she held a high position in there, she did not normally bother with clan affairs. Instead, she spent a lot of time cultivating in seclusion, so she did not know about many things.

The last time Chen Xiang killed a branch family of a Forget-me Divine Race, she knew that the Forget-me Divine Race she was in had many shady affairs. At that time, she still believed more in Chen Xiang’s words, but now, he was even more certain of it!

Her eldest uncle and aunt wanted to obtain Chen Xiang’s spatial cultivation technique and did not hesitate to send their Emperor Stage Venerable Ancestor to capture Chen Xiang!

"How I came in had nothing to do with you!" Sun Lingxing’s expression was currently ice-cold and her tone carried a faint killing intent, causing the few purple-clothed men to tremble in fear.

Chen Xiang took out her Heavenly magic sword and was about to rush forward to attack, but she was stopped by Sun Lingxing’s jade hands.

"Don’t go over, leave this to me." Sun Lingxing said in a low voice.

Chen Xiang gnashed his teeth as he glared at the purple-clothed men, and then, decided not to make a move for the time being. Seriously, he couldn’t beat these mysterious and powerful purple-clothed men right now.

"Considering that you are all important Divine Grade Venerable Ancestor s of my clan, I will release you this time. Go back and tell me about the Sun Clan’s elders and clan leader, just like them, I, Sun Lingxing, won’t be going for a long time. They lied to me for so long, I’m very angry." Sun Lingxing said: "Hurry up and f * * k off!"

After Sun Lingxing finished, the few men in purple quickly left the place.

"Follow me!" Sun Lingxing said softly to Chen Xiang before gracefully flying into the air.

Chen Xiang was a little unhappy in his heart, because Sun Lingxing had let the seven purple robed men go, but he could only follow Sun Lingxing now. If not for Sun Lingxing this time, he didn’t know how he would have escaped danger.

The reason Sun Lingxing came to save Chen Xiang was also to make up for the mistake she made that day. After all, she was the one who leaked the news that Chen Xiang possessed immense spatial power, causing the elders of her clan to covet her and caused Chen Xiang to cause trouble.

That day, when Chen Xiang left, she had already decided to investigate this matter secretly and it turned out to be the truth. Her uncle and a few elders of the World Defying Stage had indeed concealed it from her and captured Chen Xiang in order to force Chen Xiang to hand over his spatial technique.

Chen Xiang followed Sun Lingxing to a big tree and entered into a tree hole. Inside the tree hole was a staircase that led to a secret underground room.

He followed Sun Lingxing to a very deep underground stone room. Although it was underground, it was not humid and it was very warm with a warm yellow light.

"They won’t find us here." Sun Lingxing pointed to a stone chair, and softly said: "Sit!"

After Chen Xiang sat down, he asked curiously: "How long have you been here? This underground cave is not made recently! "

At the moment, they were in the hall, and here, Chen Xiang could see several stone doors. There should be a few other stone rooms.

"When I was still not the World Defying Stage, I often entered here, and only I know of it. Furthermore, there is a formation array that can stop our clan’s ghost elders from using all kinds of incantations to track us." Sun Lingxing let out a light sigh, and said: "That day when you were captured and went to sleep, their hair was taken away by them. That’s what was needed to use the Tracing mantra, so they knew where you were."

... 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

...