Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"These bastards, they actually cut my hair without my permission!" Chen Xiang curled his lips. "Sooner or later, I’ll have to cut off his head to take revenge!"

She could feel Chen Xiang’s anger, and at that time, when she had ascertained what Chen Xiang had done, she was also very angry in her heart. It was hard for her to imagine that an elder she had spent so much time with, was actually going all out against others for the sake of cultivating techniques.

"Oh right, how did you come in? Weren’t you from World Defying Stage?" Chen Xiang said, he was also extremely curious about this matter.

"I’m not anymore!" Sun Lingxing faintly sighed, "This is all to make up for my own mistakes. Fortunately, I was able to save you in time; otherwise, I wouldn’t even know how to forgive myself."

Chen Xiang was stunned, he could not imagine that Sun Lingxing would sacrifice so much to save him. He was shocked in his heart, but he was also excited about it. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Since this has nothing to do with you, then I’ll forgive you." Sun Lingxing had done this, and even saved him, so there was nothing he could do.

"This is nothing. I can cultivate once more at any time!" On one hand, I came here to save you, and on the other hand, I wanted to see what exactly is inside World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum. Sun Lingxing said: "I have been in the World Defying Stage for a while, but improving is extremely difficult, and rumors say that there is a method to train in the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, it can allow people to train in it even faster."

"There is indeed such a rumor. I have been staying here all this time because I wanted to go in and take a look." Chen Xiang said: "Otherwise, if I leave, those fellows won’t be able to do anything to me."

Chen Xiang felt that if he left this area, the Forget-me Divine Race would definitely not chase after him.

"Then stay here for the time being. If you want to leave this underground palace, you must go with me. Although you are strong, you are still not a match for the few days of Divine Grade Venerable Ancestor. Even I do not have the confidence to defeat them." Sun Lingxing said.

"No wonder you didn’t let me fight back then. So it turns out you can’t beat them yourself!" Chen Xiang had lost all of his cultivation, and was no longer part of World Defying Stage. Facing the few powerful Divine Grade Venerable Ancestor, he did not have much confidence.

"Those are all Divine Grade Venerable Ancestor s, they are much stronger than the Emperor Stage Venerable Ancestor s you met before!" Sun Lingxing said, "In our Sun family, there are only ten Divine Grade Venerable Ancestor s, but now seven have come. Furthermore, all of them came prepared, and all of them were supported by the clan elders, and all of them have World Defying artifact s in their hands! "

"If it’s one or two, you should be able to handle them, but seven ... Even if you join hands with me, you would still have no chance of winning. "

Chen Xiang asked: "Are they really that powerful?"

Sun Lingxing said: "They all have ten World Defying Stage Divine Power Orbs in their bodies, and these ten World Defying Stage Divine Power Orbs have been infused into their bodies for many years already. Once they use up all their World Defying Stage Divine Power s, the clan elders of the World Defying Stage will help them fill them up, do you know how powerful they are now!"

"No wonder!" Chen Xiang finally understood why those few guys had the powerful aura of the World Defying Stage on them. Thinking about it now, his hair stood on end.

Chen Xiang was very clear about his own strength. Against opponents of the same level, even a few would be unable to defeat him, and against those of the same level, Divine Grade Venerable Ancestor s only needed two to take him down.

"They will soon know that my cultivation has regressed, and that they will come again." Sun Lingxing said: "My cultivation has regressed, and is of no value in their eyes, so if they see me again, they will definitely kill me."

"So cruel!" Chen Xiang was surprised. After all, Sun Lingxing had great potential.

"It’s that cruel. In their eyes, your spatial cultivation technique is many times more valuable than mine." Sun Lingxing was a little helpless, but she seemed to have already seen through the situation. "That’s right, if they put the pearl in their own bodies, would it have any effects?" Chen Xiang also wanted to try and see if he could put the World Defying Stage Divine Power Orb in his body to let him have a strong World Defying Stage Divine Power.

Their goal in merging the World Defying Stage Divine Power Beads into their bodies was not to control the powerful World Defying Stage Divine Power, but to allow them to cultivate either a World Defying soul or an unparalleled profound body. This was their initial goal, but later on they realized that after fusing with their body for a period of time, their control over the World Defying Stage Divine Power was very good. Sun Lingxing said, "Then they decided to choose the ten people with the greatest potential from the Emperor Stage Venerable Ancestor and let them integrate into the World Defying Stage Divine Power Orb."

"At first, it was a pellet, but after that it continued to increase. Finally, it had to bear the limit of ten World Defying Stage Divine Power Pearls. This allowed them to use a little bit of the World Defying Stage Divine Power to control World Defying artifact. If you do not have the World Defying Stage Divine Power, defeating them would be extremely difficult. "

Chen Xiang felt that he would also have World Defying Stage Divine Power soon, at that time, once the Mei Jing Sisters makes a breakthrough, he would also want to try and see if he can directly borrow World Defying Stage Divine Power from the Mei Jing Sisters and the others to use.

He felt that if he used the World Defying Stage Divine Power to release the World Defying god fire, it would become even stronger and help him increase his strength!

"My World Defying god fire should also be a part of the World Defying Stage Divine Power ..." Chen Xiang thought in his heart.

"Spirit Star, have you heard of World Defying god fire?" Chen Xiang still did not understand the World Defying god fire s enough.

"Of course! There are three clans in the Forget-me Divine Race. Other than me, who has a total of nearly twenty World Defying Stage s, training and producing World Defying god fire are the direction that they are working hard towards right now! World Defying god fire belongs to a type of ’force’ that is very different from normal flames. The force can’t be seen, so World Defying god fire can’t see it. Sun Lingxing said.

Chen Xiang could release World Defying god fire, but he knew that he wasn’t strong enough. Only by using the World Defying Stage Divine Power to activate it, would he become a true World Defying god fire.

Chen Xiang planned to think about how he could use an even stronger World Defying Stage Divine Power in terms of cultivation. He felt that if he used it well, he might even be able to kill off World Defying Stage!

In next to no time, he had a direction.

He felt that he could use the art of refining to forcefully refine the World Defying Stage Divine Power, make the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum stronger, and then refine a World Defying Stage Divine Power Pellet. When he needed to use the World Defying Stage Divine Power, he would eat one pellet!

"I just need to wait for Sijing to break through, at that time I can give it a try!" Chen Xiang’s hands suddenly started to itch, he wanted to try right now, but he did not have the World Defying Stage Divine Power.

...

...