Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had a lot of Heaven devouring rat, but these hundred were nothing to him.

Originally, he had planned to chat a bit more with Sun Lingxing, but then he heard from the You Yao Mountain Villa that Jiang Sijing had broken through!

"Elder Brother Shen, I have cultivated the World Defying soul, I can now condense the World Defying Stage Divine Power." Jiang Sijing shouted out emotionally. Previously, World Defying Stage’s cultivation was too far away from her reach, but now that she had stepped into the World Defying Stage, how could she not be excited?

"Alright!" Chen Xiang was also very excited, the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan had succeeded.

If even Jiang Sijing could succeed, then he could definitely succeed too, but it would only take a little longer!

When Jiang Simei saw how powerful her sister had become, she also felt extremely happy. After that, she only needed to practice the Twin Life Mysterious Technique with Jiang Sijing and she would also be able to become a World Defying Stage.

Long Qiumu had long since entered the secret room and went into closed door cultivation!

"Spirit Star, I’m going to train in seclusion for a period of time. You must be careful!" Chen Xiang said: "Don’t be captured by those fellows from Forget-me Divine Race."

"I’ll be careful!" Seeing how concerned Chen Xiang was for her, Sun Lingxing smiled and nodded.

Chen Xiang anxiously entered a stone room, then entered the You Yao Mountain Villa. Upon seeing him, Jiang Sijing rushed into his embrace and hugged him tightly.

"Hehe, Sijing is now a World Defying Stage, stronger than me." Chen Xiang smiled and rubbed her head.

"It’s all because of the Elder Brother Shen’s incredible pill refining skills and the Myriad Tao’s Divine Arts. Otherwise, I don’t know when I would have been able to reach this realm." Jiang Sijing chuckled: "Elder Brother Shen, I can also protect you from now on .... Oh right, if I were to use the World Defying Stage Divine Power to grow medicinal ingredients now, I would definitely do so even faster. "

"Oh, right, Sijing, how many World Defying Stage Divine Power can you condense now? I want to try and see if I can refine some of them." Chen Xiang asked.

"I can condense quite a few!" Jiang Sijing said, then opened her jade hands, only to see her palm suddenly leaking out a ball of light.

He had previously seen Sun Lingxing’s World Defying Stage Divine Power, but it was purple while Jiang Sijing’s were green. He felt that this might have something to do with Jiang Sijing’s dao veins, and Jiang Sijing’s previously cultivated strength was related to regeneration and life. Furthermore, she had frequently come into contact with medicinal herbs, so it wasn’t strange for her World Defying Stage Divine Power to be green.

"Try condensing a little more!" Chen Xiang said.

Jiang Sijing nodded and said: "This might take some time."

Jiang Sijing condensed for an entire hour, condensing a huge ball.

"Are you tired?" Chen Xiang asked, worried that she might have exhausted too much of her energy.

"I’m not tired, I’m a World Defying Stage now, and this place can absorb a lot of Myriad Tao’s power, I don’t even need to use up my own Dao power." Jiang Sijing said. At this time, she was still condensing the World Defying Stage Divine Power.

The World Defying Stage Divine Power that she condensed was extremely pure, and Chen Xiang could feel it from the side.

"Enough!" Chen Xiang felt that it was enough, he took out the Tianchuang furnace and let Jiang Sijing put this ball of World Defying Stage Divine Power into the cauldron.

Although this ball of World Defying Stage Divine Power was very strong, it did not give Chen Xiang any form of pressure. Instead, it gave Chen Xiang a very gentle feeling, it might have something to do with Jiang Sijing’s personality.

This kind of World Defying Stage Divine Power was also the easiest to refine, it would not produce too strong of a resistance during refinement.

"Do you still need it? I can still condense a little more! " Jiang Sijing said.

"I’ll give you ten beads, you just have to pour your World Defying Stage Divine Power inside." Chen Xiang said: "I will go refine it first!"

The Time Laws had already covered You Yao Mountain Villa, it would allow him to gain more time.

Inside the secret room, Chen Xiang was using the Heavenly Alchemy to refine Jiang Sijing’s group of unparalleled powers.

"Sijing’s World Defying Stage Divine Power is very gentle, but it is not weak at all! Could it be that Sijing’s World Defying Stage Divine Power had its own intentions, and thus became very docile here? " Chen Xiang did not expect himself to be able to progress to the Five Crash in a single breath very successfully.

Even now, he still did not feel much pressure. This ball of World Defying Stage Divine Power was getting stronger and stronger, but Chen Xiang still felt like he was doing the same thing to the gentle Jiang Sijing. During the refining process, he did not feel any rejection. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Just like this, Chen Xiang kept rushing forward until he reached the tenth stage. This ball of World Defying Stage Divine Power finally gave rise to a strong pressure, but the main reason was that this ball of World Defying Stage Divine Power was simply too strong at the moment.

"It should be enough. Once I condense the pill, I will definitely be even stronger." Chen Xiang started to condense the pellet, he was already unable to rush any further, this lump of World Defying Stage Divine Power no longer had the kind of gentle emotion like Jiang Sijing, if he continued to rush forward, he would definitely be unable to control himself.

After a few days, Chen Xiang finally succeeded in condensing the pill!

He was sweating profusely.

"It’s really not easy. It took me a full ten days to refine it!" Chen Xiang looked at the white pellet in his hand. After the Crash, it had become very pure, so it was white.

After Chen Xiang ate it, he felt a dense World Defying Stage Divine Power surging out, he anxiously suppressed the pellet, preventing the pellet from breaking through, if not the World Defying Stage Divine Power would fill his entire body.

He did not need to use World Defying Stage Divine Power at the moment, so he could not let the pellet open in his abdomen.

"I’m already full!" Seeing Chen Xiang coming out, Jiang Sijing immediately gave the God Power Beads to him.

After Chen Xiang received it, he happily thanked Jiang Sijing and then entered the secret room to refine it.

Two months later, he refined all ten of the divine power pearls into World Defying Stage Divine Power Pills, then left the You Yao Mountain Villa.

"The Spirit Star is not outside. Could it be that it went out again?" Chen Xiang’s heart skipped a beat and rushed out of the stone room. Sure enough, he did not see Sun Lingxing there.

Although Sun Lingxing could control the Heaven devouring rat he gave her temporarily, he could still sense the location of those Heaven devouring rat through the Dragon Beast.

"Only two are still alive!" Chen Xiang’s heart trembled. He had given Sun Lingxing over a hundred beasts, but now there were only two left. He immediately established contact with the two Heaven devouring rat.

"I saw it!" Through the two Heaven devouring rat s, he saw Sun Lingxing. Sun Lingxing was currently in an intense battle with five men in purple.

"This woman, why did she go out again?" Chen Xiang took a light breath, released the seal on the World Defying Stage Divine Power Pellet in his body, allowed the World Defying Stage Divine Power to flow out, and then teleported to the area where the fierce battle was taking place.

At this time, he was using the World Defying Stage Divine Power to go invisible and use the World Defying Stage Divine Power to release a spatial barrier to isolate him. He did not leak out any Qi, which was much stronger than before, at least Sun Lingxing did not sense him.

"I wonder if I can break away from the Tracing mantra Technique." Chen Xiang floated in midair, watching Sun Lingxing fight fiercely with the five Divine Grade Venerable Ancestor s, and couldn’t help but exclaim in his heart. Sun Lingxing was actually able to fight one against five!