Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang did not immediately go down, because he sensed a few auras approaching. It seemed that they were not coming for Sun Lingxing, but for him.

"That’s good too, since the Tracing mantra technique is still effective on me, then you will all come endlessly to die, and I will exterminate all of you one by one!" The World Defying Stage Divine Power that was boiling inside Chen Xiang’s body could no longer be used to spew out.

Sun Lingxing could feel the auras approaching, causing her to suddenly feel an extremely strong pressure. Against five of them, she could only barely take them, if there were more than ten, she could only run!

"Don’t even think about escaping!"

Seeing that Sun Lingxing wanted to escape, a man dressed in purple suddenly attacked ferociously, his hands waving around continuously, shooting out purple nails one after another, like a storm blowing towards Sun Lingxing.

Although a few Divine Grade Venerable Ancestor s were approaching, Chen Xiang was fearless. With a teleportation, he arrived behind the man dressed in purple who was attacking Sun Lingxing, and with a loud bellow, he unleashed a Heaven Blasting Palm!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The power of the World Defying Stage Divine Power that turned into vibration shot into the purple clothed man’s body like lightning, exploding out from within his body.

Following a burst of golden light, the purple-clothed man’s body instantly exploded into specks of dust!

When Sun Lingxing saw it, he was alarmed, the power was too terrifying, in an instant it had destroyed a Divine Grade Venerable Ancestor’s body!

Divine Grade Venerable Ancestor’s body was extremely strong, but right now he had turned into ashes in an instant!

"Chen Xiang!" Sun Lingxing could feel a trace of Chen Xiang’s aura, and couldn’t help but feel surprise in his heart. The World Defying Stage Divine Power that Chen Xiang had just used, could only be displayed by a powerful World Defying Stage.

The other Divine Grade Venerable Ancestor s also started to panic. They had realized that this kind of expert was not someone they could handle!

"Hurry up!" One of the purple robed men shouted.

"I’ll catch all of you in one fell swoop!" Chen Xiang sneered in his heart, then used the power of space to move Sun Lingxing to his side, and then released the prideful divine web that he previously obtained. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

When he released the divine net, the few Divine Grade Venerable Ancestor s who were rushing over also entered the area covered by the net!

The sudden appearance of the proud divine network made all the Divine Grade Venerable Ancestor frightened. They recognized this proud divine net, it was very famous in the Forget-me Divine Race, but it had been snatched away by someone!

The person who took away this proud divine net was Chen Xiang, one of the people who they needed to find after entering the proud world of forest!

"It’s Chen Xiang. The clan elders just sent us a sound transmission saying that Chen Xiang has appeared and told us to immediately rush over. They did not expect us to appear here and see this proud divine web." One of the Divine Grade Venerable Ancestor took out a long sword, and started to crazily hack out streams of Sword Qi at the gathered proud divine net.

Swordqi gushed out and filled the sky, but it was completely useless against the divine net.

"Just now, Chen Xiang killed one of our comrades." The Divine Grade Venerable Ancestor shouted in anger.

Chen Xiang had finally appeared, and he had even eaten a World Defying Stage Divine Power Pellet. He did not expect that controlling a World Defying artifact would consume the power of the World Defying Stage Divine Power so quickly.

"It really is Chen Xiang!" When the Divine Grade Venerable Ancestor saw Chen Xiang, he said angrily: "Let us go quickly, you have already killed one of our Divine Grade Venerable Ancestor. You should know the consequences if you stay together with Sun Lingxing."

"Consequences? Isn’t it the same whether I kill or not? Now that I have killed a Divine Grade Venerable Ancestor and then killed trash like you, the consequences should be the same. Since the consequences are the same, then why should I let it go? "

Hearing Chen Xiang’s voice that was filled with killing intent, all of the Divine Grade Venerable Ancestor felt a chill down their spines, after that they felt a terrifying sword force approaching them, three of them suddenly had their necks pierced by a sword.

"Are you really going to kill us?" One of the Divine Grade Venerable Ancestor s trembled, he never thought that Chen Xiang would be so decisive.

"Sun Lingxing, we are from the same clan, but now you are actually looking on helplessly as someone kills your own clansmen." Someone shouted at Sun Lingxing.

"When you attacked me just now, you didn’t treat me as part of your family!" Sun Lingxing sneered.

"Go to ashes!" Chen Xiang felt that all of these Divine Grade Venerable Ancestor had pretty good World Defying Stage Divine Power s inside them, so he took out the Tianchuang furnace s and threw all of them inside.

Originally, they were still struggling inside, causing the Tianchuang furnace to sway continuously. However, as Chen Xiang released the World Defying god fire to burn, the Tianchuang furnace gradually quietened down.

"Are they all dead?" Sun Lingxing didn’t know what Chen Xiang was doing.

"They’re all dead, let’s hurry up and leave!" Chen Xiang teleported back to the underground palace with Sun Lingxing.

At this moment, Sun Lingxing felt that the spatial techniques were very good. If she could grasp the spatial laws too, then those Divine Grade Venerable Ancestor s wouldn’t be her match.

"It’s only been a few days, but you’ve already become so powerful. How unbelievable!" Sun Lingxing sighed, "Furthermore, you seem to be much stronger than me."

"Hehe, that’s because you don’t understand me. Otherwise, you would have definitely gotten used to it." Chen Xiang laughed: "Seriously, so many of those Heaven devouring rat have died."

"Sorry, they found out about the Heaven devouring rat that I controlled, and I also found out about something that made me very angry, so I charged out." Sun Lingxing felt a little guilty. The Heaven devouring rat that Chen Xiang gave her had only been dead for a few days.

"What is it?" Chen Xiang knew that Sun Lingxing’s temper was not bad, there was actually something that made her so angry that it made her want to kill him.

Sun Lingxing’s jade face reddened, and she did not immediately say it out loud.

When Chen Xiang saw it, she could not help but chuckle. She laughed sinisterly, causing Sun Lingxing to sob, "Don’t think too much!"

"Alright!" Sun Lingxing saw Chen Xiang’s naughty smile and said: "Those fellows want to capture me so that the clan’s outstanding male disciples ... ... To absorb the power of my proud divine body through dual cultivation! "

After Sun Lingxing finished speaking, his face flushed red again, as he was extremely angry!

"So disgusting, these guys really should be killed!" Chen Xiang frowned: "He can actually think of such a despicable thing ... But now, since they have lost more than ten Divine Grade Venerable Ancestor s, they will definitely feel the pain! "

"Yes, over a dozen Divine Grade Venerable Ancestor s suffered heavy losses for them!" This was the reason why Sun Lingxing rushed out before, even if he killed a few, the Forget-me Divine Race would still feel pained, let alone dozens of them.

"Let’s see how strong they will send out next!" Chen Xiang laughed: "Now I am not afraid of them!"

Speaking of which, Sun Lingxing was extremely curious why Chen Xiang had suddenly become so powerful, especially the Heaven Blasting Palm that Chen Xiang had released, it made her heart tremble when she thought of it.