Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang also gave Sun Lingxing a few Heaven devouring rat s, which could make it more convenient for him to investigate the situation outside.

"You want to go out?" Seeing how active Chen Xiang was, Sun Lingxing did not look like he was going to go into closed door cultivation.

"Let’s go out and take a look, I want to go closer to the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum." Chen Xiang said: "Are you coming with us?"

"I’m not going. I want to rest." Sun Lingxing shook his head: "There’s nothing to see at that place. You’ll know once you go there."

Sun Lingxing had used up a lot of World Defying Stage Divine Power in her battle just now, so she needed to replenish it. At this time, she was no longer part of World Defying Stage, she needed more time to cultivate the World Defying Stage Divine Power than before.

"I’m just curious!" Chen Xiang laughed as he teleported out of the underground palace.

After Chen Xiang left the underground palace, he came to the forest on the ground. The surroundings were filled with a strong life force and full of vitality, even though there were often strong warriors fighting in this forest over the past few days.

However, the life force of the forest was extremely strong, and it was possible for trees to grow into towering trees at the fastest speed possible.

Although Chen Xiang was able to use the World Defying Stage Divine Power now, he still remained cautious. The Forget-me Divine Race was a very mysterious clan, he believed that they would definitely not be that weak.

After he had become invisible, teleporting through the forest would be safer.

He flew towards the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum in the middle of the forest. It had been a while since he came to the Everlasting Forest, but he had never seen the real World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum before.

The Everlasting Forest was not that big, and he quickly arrived at the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum in the middle.

Just as Sun Lingxing said, this World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum did not have much to look at, it was only the size of a small house and the stone door was very small.

This was an extremely ordinary looking mausoleum. The stones used to build the mausoleum were extremely old, as if they could shatter at any time. The surface was covered with moss, and there were obvious cracks.

The mausoleum also did not have any words.

"Could it be that the real World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum is inside the tomb?" Chen Xiang only saw the entrance that was exposed to the outside, he did not see the real World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum.

No one could answer his question because the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum had never been opened before.

Although that stone door looked extremely weak, it was very difficult to open. Chen Xiang walked in and tried it, but he couldn’t leave any traces on it.

Even the power of space that he was most proficient in was unable to break through that mysterious barrier and enter!

"It seems like this place has been under attack a lot, but nothing has happened." Chen Xiang could imagine how many people who were eager to enter the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum would use such a violent method to enter. They would definitely bombard the little house ferociously, it was just that they would not succeed.

When Chen Xiang saw the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, he himself had also tried to enter, but to no avail. If he did not have to face the Dragon Demons and the others, he would have definitely waited patiently. But now, he was beginning to wonder if he should leave the Primordial Forest, and find a safe place to break through and enter the World Defying Stage.

"Let’s talk about it when we get back!" Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Chen Xiang sighed and returned to the underground palace. He drank tea alone in the hall, and thought about other matters.

Sun Lingxing walked out from the room and asked: "You saw World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum? You won’t be able to enter even if you use your power of space! "

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "It is indeed not good to go in, we can only wait patiently! Right, how many more powerful Venerable Ancestor Later-stage were there in the Forget-me Divine Race? A few strong ones always pop up all of a sudden. You tell me first, because that way I can have some defenses as well. "

Chen Xiang had thought that Emperor Stage Venerable Ancestor was very strong at first, but after meeting him, he was easily killed and an even stronger Divine Grade Venerable Ancestor appeared later on. It was true that he was very strong, but if he wasn’t able to use the World Defying Stage Divine Power, he definitely wouldn’t be able to defeat it.

"Divine Grade Venerable Ancestor is already the strongest batch of Venerable Ancestor Later-stage in the Forget-me Divine Race, if there are still any stronger ones ... I do, but I don’t know if Forget-me Divine Race is willing to send them. " Sun Lingxing said.

"There really are more!" Chen Xiang never thought that there would actually be one. From Sun Lingxing’s expression, one could tell that the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage were very strong.

"Yes, but not in quantity. As far as I know, our Sun family only has two." Sun Lingxing said: "They are currently in closed-door training, and are preparing to rush to World Defying Stage. Their bodies are always immersed in the World Defying Stage Divine Power Pond, it is a kind of existence that intends to cultivate an unrivalled body to enter the World Defying Stage."

"Cultivate the ’Arrogant Body’ first?" Chen Xiang was startled, he never thought that there would be such a cultivation method.

"Yes, most World Defying Stage cultivate their World Defying soul first, because it is extremely difficult to cultivate the body of the arrogant world! If I had the World Defying soul, cultivating the Primordial World would be much easier. " Sun Lingxing said: "And World Defying Stage who can first cultivate an arrogant body, is stronger than those who can use the World Defying soul."

"Of course, only by cultivating the World Defying soul and the Primordial Profound Body would one be able to reach the profound level of a World Defying Stage. This is a truly powerful World Defying Stage." Sun Lingxing said: "The Primordial Divine Pond is the most important existence in the Sacred Grounds where we forget ourselves, and it was also this Primordial Divine Pond that gave birth to our Forget-me Divine Race ... It is said that the Wangwo flower was born from the Primordial Divine Lake. " Sun Lingxing said.

"So this is the secret of your Forget-me Divine Race! Other than that, why are your Forget-me Divine Race staying in this place? Why was it born, do you know? " Chen Xiang still did not understand the Forget-me Divine Race well enough.

"I only know that we are here for the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum .... I heard that it is to protect the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum and to not allow others to enter. Of course, this was all told to me by my elders, I do not really believe their words. Sun Lingxing said: "As for what my true purpose is, I am not too sure."

Chen Xiang scratched his chin and said: "If Forget-me Divine Race really sends out that kind of Divine Body Venerable Ancestor, do you think I would have any chance of winning?"

Sun Lingxing stared at Chen Xiang, thought for a moment, and said: "It’s hard to say, because I do not know your true strength either, but I feel that you have a 50% chance of winning, if you lose, you will not be killed, and even less so won’t be taken away. That kind of spatial energy you have is not easy to deal with."

Chen Xiang laughed: "This way, I am relieved. I am still afraid of encountering them, it would be for the best if I don’t come!"

Sun Lingxing nodded: "It’s best if they don’t come. If they come, then we must do our best not to let them go back!"

"Spirit Star, how did you know that the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum was about to open it?" He didn’t ask Tang Zhongjie how he knew everything that Chen Xiang had told him.

"As long as you stay in the vicinity of World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum for a long time, you will be able to sense that there will be some activity from time to time. This is something that has never happened before! Furthermore, the sound is very loud, to the point where people can hear some noise coming from inside the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, as though it is calling for people to come in. " Sun Lingxing said.