Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang thought back to what Sun Lingxing had said before, that the people inside the Forget-me Divine Race did not allow her to enter. It was as if they were worrying about something, and when Sun Lingxing said that he could hear the sounds inside, Chen Xiang felt that it was very strange.

"Lingxing, can that sound be heard by you alone, or by someone else?" Chen Xiang frowned and asked: "When did you hear that sound last time?"

Hearing Chen Xiang’s question, Sun Lingxing felt that it was a little strange, and said: "Could it be that you can’t hear it? That sound just now appeared again! "

Chen Xiang looked around, and could not help but shiver because he did not hear anything, but Sun Lingxing did!

"I can’t hear you!" Chen Xiang said in shock. He had thought that it was weird, he had come to the Ao Shi forest for a long time already, but he had never heard any sounds coming from the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum.

Sun Lingxing frowned: "Are you serious? I thought you could hear me! That’s why I feel that the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum will open up very soon! "

"Could it be that you have some sort of relationship with the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum?" Chen Xiang said: "I didn’t hear anything! Did you say before that your clan’s elders did not allow you to enter the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum? Do they know something? "

Sun Lingxing finally understood that this voice was only heard by herself. She frowned and shook her head, she did not know what those elders were hiding from her, but she felt that her past must not be simple!

Chen Xiang felt that he should go and ask Tang Zhongjie. Tang Zhongjie also knew that the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum was about to be opened, but how did he know?

"I’m going out for a bit!" After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he immediately entered the Six Realms Time and Space Door, found Tang Zhongjie’s Wheel of Fate, and then teleported to where Tang Zhongjie was.

Tang Zhongjie was currently inside a tree cave. When Chen Xiang arrived, he was eating a fruit and eating it very happily.

"Old Tang!" Chen Xiang shouted, scared to the point that the fruit in his hand almost fell out. When he saw that it was Chen Xiang, the energy that had just surged out also retreated.

"It scared me to death!" Tang Zhongjie laughed and scolded: "You little rascal, you’re so elusive, trying to scare me to death, aren’t you!"

"Old Tang, in this period of time, Forget-me Divine Race hasn’t come looking for trouble with you, right?" Back then, Tang Zhongjie had been captured by the Forget-me Divine Race, so he was a little worried that the Forget-me Divine Race would know about the matter between him and Tang Zhongjie, and hence be implicated with Tang Zhongjie.

Tang Zhongjie shook his head: "No, they shouldn’t have known about my relationship with you ... Almost all the people in Forget-me Divine Race who knew that I was captured are dead now. "

He was completely exterminated by Chen Xiang that time, and indeed, no one knew!

"Old Tang, I’ve come to ask you something important!" Chen Xiang asked: "How are you so sure that the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum is about to open?"

"Feel!" Tang Zhongjie smiled mysteriously.

"Feel?" Chen Xiang thought about Sun Lingxing before. He felt that it was perhaps because Sun Lingxing had felt it that he had heard that voice, "How did it feel? Are you sure? "

Tang Zhongjie said: "If it was only my own feelings, of course I would not be sure. But for those who have stayed here for so many years, right now, they all feel the same. It is a very strong awareness, that the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum is about to open. This feeling is very hard to understand, it is just like a sudden thought, and it makes us feel like the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum is about to open! "

"Didn’t you hear anything?" Chen Xiang had thought that Tang Zhongjie was talking about something that made him feel like he heard something.

Tang Zhongjie felt that it was very strange. He thought for a moment, then shook his head and said: "Could it be that you heard some sound?"

"I didn’t hear anything, I didn’t feel anything, and I didn’t hear anything either. But someone told me that during this period of time, she heard many voices from the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, saying that they sounded like they were summoning her in, and she was very sure that the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum would open up soon." Chen Xiang said, this was what Sun Lingxing had told him.

Tang Zhongjie took a small breath and said, "Could it be ... Could she be from the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum? "

"What do you mean? Did you come out of World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum? " Chen Xiang was frightened by these words. Someone ran out from the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, and it was Sun Lingxing.

"It’s not what you think, it’s not that we directly ran out from the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, it’s just that ... It’s the reincarnation of the person from the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum. " Tang Zhongjie said: "There has always been a legend here, that the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum has a few powerful World Defying Stage s. These World Defying Stage have all cultivated their divine bodies, but I do not know why they were sealed inside, and their souls are sealed, so even if they die, they cannot be reincarnated."

"However, every once in a while, their souls get the chance to reincarnate. However, there’s only one quota, so they will fight for it." Tang Zhongjie said: "If they can get that position, they can be reincarnated ... However, after they were reborn, they did not have the strength of their previous lives, and needed the strength of their previous lives to return to the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum. Thus, even if they were very far away, they could still hear the voices from inside the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum. "

Sun Lingxing was the reincarnation of an expert from the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum?

Chen Xiang felt that this was not impossible, because Sun Lingxing’s potential was extremely terrifying. To become a World Defying Stage at such a young age, this was something that was extremely difficult to come by! One must know that Sun Lingxing did not have such things as medicinal pellets to assist him in his cultivation, unlike Jiang Sijing.

The reason why Jiang Sijing was able to break through was because Chen Xiang had an extremely high skill in pill refining. She could refine many pills with extremely high quality, which was why she was able to quickly step in!

If Sun Lingxing also had the help of the pills, he would be able to enter the World Defying Stage much faster.

Chen Xiang didn’t dare be sure now, he could only wait until Sun Lingxing entered the World Defying Stage to find out. He felt that the people inside the Forget-me Divine Race would definitely know something, if not, they would not restrict Sun Lingxing from entering the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum.

Dong, dong, dong!

Suddenly, someone knocked on Tang Zhongjie’s tree cave door.

"I’ll take my leave first!" Chen Xiang immediately turned invisible, and then Tang Zhongjie went to open the door.

After Tang Zhongjie opened the door, a familiar aura surprised him. It turned out to be the aura of a Dragon Demon! Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"I wonder how the Dragon Demon is doing now!" Chen Xiang had been in this forest for a while, and the World Defying dragon demon was already preparing to break the seal. When he entered the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, it was possible that he would release the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor.

Now that there was a Dragon Demon, Chen Xiang was pleasantly surprised. In this way, he could learn about the World Defying dragon demon s through this Dragon Demon.

"Who are you?" Tang Zhongjie saw a demon god’s face and asked.

"Old Tang, he was the one who sent us the Dao crystal. As long as we join them, they would give us the Thousand Myriad Tao Crystals every day. Each month, it would be three hundred million Dao crystal." A short old man suddenly appeared and laughed.