Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

When Chen Xiang heard it, he was extremely confused. There were many powerful Venerable Ancestor Later-stage Dragon Demons in the Dragon Demon’s team. These Dragon Demons all had decent strength, but they actually wanted to use so many Dao crystal to recruit people. Just what was the purpose of this?

Tang Zhongjie did not lack Dao crystal. He had lived here for many years and had not used Dao crystal for a long time, so he immediately refused because that Dragon Demon made him feel very uncomfortable.

Tang Zhongjie was not like most people, he was a very ancient being and knew many things about the past. Especially now that he sensed this Qi, he felt that it was very familiar, but he just couldn’t recall it in a while, but he was sure that this Qi was filled with evil.

"I have to go into seclusion, so I’m sorry!" Tang Zhongjie said with a smile.

"What is it? Are you looking down on me? " The black armored Dragon Demon’s face turned cold, his eyes flashed with a murderous light, releasing his killing intent without concealing it at all. He clenched his fists, which contained an extremely powerful evil force, causing the leaves on the big tree to instantly wither, instantly dropping all over the ground.

The evil aura of this dragon demon was very scary, it instantly took away this big tree’s life force.

But, Tang Zhongjie was not the least bit afraid, he faintly smiled: "Not bad, I really do look down on evil beings like you. For a mere Dao crystal, you actually hooked up with this kind of demon, working hard for this kind of demon, I was truly mistaken about you! "

Tang Zhongjie was blunt, not only did he scold the Dragon Demon, he also scolded his friend!

"Old Tang..." You. Forget it, since there are Dao crystal, I won’t make a profit, so whatever you want to do is fine! " With that, that old Liang turned and left. He actually ran very fast, because he knew what would happen next.

Just as that old man left, the Dragon Demon’s pair of demon claws suddenly extended out, like two sharp sword-like poisonous snakes, and pierced towards Tang Zhongjie’s shoulders.

Tang Zhongjie was already on his guard, after dodging from the side, he waved his palm towards it, releasing a ray of white light that brought about a burst of scorching Qi, which cut towards the black demon claws, and instantly cut them in half.

Clearly, the Dragon Demon did not know that Tang Zhongjie was so strong, with his reaction speed being so fast.

Just as the Dragon Demon’s arms were broken, Chen Xiang appeared and directly struck the Dragon Demon’s head with his palm. Then, he channeled his Soul Absorbing Devil Spell and took away the memories of the other party’s soul.

The Dragon Demon could not help but cry out miserably, the seven orifices of his body was stained with black blood that was filled with Evil Qi, the sound of his roars was extremely hair-raising. At the same time of struggling, his burly body that was wrapped in black armor started to tremble intensely, Evil Qi surging out in waves. He used all his strength to struggle free from Chen Xiang, but his body had already been sealed by Chen Xiang using the power of space.

"Why is the Demonic Dragon here?" Tang Zhongjie knew that Chen Xiang came from the outside, and he was not familiar with such matters, so he could only ask Chen Xiang.

"I don’t know either right now, but the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor will be coming out soon. The World Defying dragon demon has already broken the seal, they should be inside the Myriad Tao Mausoleum already." Chen Xiang said: "Right now, their goal is this World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, they are most likely looking for a method to cultivate the Primordial Divine Body."

Chen Xiang searched through the memories of the Dragon Demon and quickly found his own information. With a grave expression, he said, "Although the World Defying dragon demon has already entered the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, he did not go save the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor. Instead, he actually gathered a large group of powerhouses to head towards this place!"

Tang Zhongjie said, "It seems that World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor is planning on doing this because if World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor escapes, it would also mean that Daofather and Dragon Ancestor would be coming out. At that time, both of them would still be injured, and World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor wouldn’t have that much confidence in defeating the Daofather!"

"That’s why he allowed World Defying dragon demon to find a method to cultivate the Primordial Divine Body. This way, he would be able to step into the Divine level of the World Defying Stage, becoming far more powerful than Daofathers and be able to completely annihilate them." Chen Xiang added.

Tang Zhongjie laughed: This should be a good thing for you! This way, you don’t have to go back and find them, you just have to stay here and stop them. "

Chen Xiang frowned: "I’m worried that they will join hands with the Forget-me Divine Race!"

Tang Zhongjie thought for a moment, then chuckled: "You just searched through this guy’s memories, did they come in contact with the Forget-me Divine Race?"

Chen Xiang shook his head: "Not at the moment, they only sent thirty Dragon Demons, all of them are from the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, their overall strength is not that strong, their main force is still behind, the reason they are recruiting for troops, is to prepare for the main force that will come later."

"So that’s how it is, you impersonating a Forget-me Divine Race, killing a large portion of the Dragon Demons here ... Then, he pretended to be the Dragon Demon and killed the people from the Forget-me Divine Race, making them conflict with each other first. That way, they wouldn’t have anything to talk about once they met. " Tang Zhongjie laughed.

Chen Xiang thought that this method was not bad, and nodded: "I will go and take action now!"

She wanted to control and skillfully control the Heaven devouring rat. She felt that these mice had a great use for them, and hoped that they could use them more in the future. They wouldn’t die out like last time.

"Spirit Star, I have something to tell you ..." Chen Xiang quickly told Sun Lingxing about the Dragon Demon that came.

Sun Lingxing didn’t understand much about what had happened outside, but hearing Chen Xiang’s description of the Dragon Demon, she couldn’t help but feel disgusted and said: "If you attack the people from the Forget-me Divine Race and they don’t know where you are, it would be easy for them to find you ... If you want to frame a Dragon Demon, you have to do it with something that has the same aura as the Dragon Demon! "

Chen Xiang looked at the Heaven devouring rat and laughed: "Just let this Heaven devouring rat make its move!"

After that, he took out a Heaven devouring rat and made it transform into a human. This caused Sun Lingxing to widen her eyes in shock, and she anxiously asked: "Why didn’t you tell me earlier that this mouse could transform into a human?"

"I... I forgot, because it’s been a long time since I’ve used a mouse to turn into a human and it’s not good for probing. " Chen Xiang scratched the back of his head and laughed. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"Teach me!" Sun Lingxing pouted and said.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang immediately told Sun Lingxing the method to turn into a Mouse Man.

After Sun Lingxing learnt it, she was very happy. Furthermore, those mice could still change into the people she wanted to change. She thought that it was very interesting, very fun.

"I’m going out to look for the Dragon Demons. Once I find them, I’ll kill them. Then, I’ll leave a few that I can’t kill on purpose to let them go back and report to the sect." Chen Xiang said: "You are the one in charge of scouting out Forget-me Divine Race. If you encounter him, use Mouse Man as the Dragon Demon."

The Mouse Man s were all bred by Dragon Demons and Rat emporer beads, so they had the same aura as Dragon Demons on their bodies. Thus, there was no need to deliberately mimic the aura of Dragon Demons.