Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang gave Sun Lingxing a piece of Communication jade Symbol paper so that they could quickly contact each other. Sun Lingxing was also very curious about this kind of thing, but this was the first time she knew that something like this existed.

Chen Xiang did not tell Sun Lingxing that she was possibly trapped in the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum in her previous life. After all, this sort of thing had not been confirmed, but what was certain was that Sun Lingxing must have a very close relationship with the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum. Otherwise, she would not have heard the voices coming from the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum and would have been restricted by the elders of the Forget-me Divine Race from entering the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum.

There were a lot of Dragon Demons that came to the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, and the moment Chen Xiang came up from the underground palace, he met a few Dragon Demons flying around.

Chen Xiang had previously searched the memories of one of the dragon devils and knew that there were not many experts in this group. Furthermore, if they had entered the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, their cultivation would have fallen by a lot, as if the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum was going to weaken their strength.

If the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum was activated, then the strength of the group of Dragon Demons that entered the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum would be greatly reduced. At that time, it would be even easier for him to take action.

The Dragon Demons were also worried about this danger, so after they came to this forest, they started to look for stronger humans, giving them Dao crystal s and letting them sign a contract. When they entered the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, they would have to protect them with all their might.

This was how Tang Zhongjie’s friends joined the Dragon Demons. Now, Tang Zhongjie was also looking for his good friends, telling them not to join the Dragon Demons’ party.

Chen Xiang was in the forest, and as long as he could find Dragon Demons, he would immediately strike out, beating these Dragon Demons half dead. Most of these Dragon Demons weren’t killed by Chen Xiang, they were only injured.

Furthermore, when Chen Xiang attacked, he even yelled about what kind of Forget-me Divine Race he was wearing, and the clothes he was wearing was also purple.

Just now, Sun Lingxing had already sent a sound transmission to him, and she was doing it very smoothly. He had made the Mouse Man ambush a few people from the Forget-me Divine Race, and these people were all not very strong.

Before Sun Lingxing had the Mouse Man take action, he had forced the Forget-me Divine Race to join the Dragon Demons. This way, the people of the Forget-me Divine Race quickly found out that the Dragon Demons were very rampant in the forest.

In just a few days, Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing succeeded in sowing discord, because Chen Xiang had already discovered that there were real Dragon Demons and Forget-me Divine Race fighting, and even fighting to the death!

Seeing this scene, Chen Xiang couldn’t help but laugh. This was exactly what he and Sun Lingxing were looking forward to.

Originally, Chen Xiang had been quite relaxed because he felt that the Dragon Demons and Forget-me Divine Race were unable to join hands. This would cause the Dragon Demon’s power to become even weaker.

However, at this moment, the strength of the Dragon Demon wasn’t weak either. Today, he suddenly felt the Demonic Qi of the Dragon Demon rush into the forest!

Sun Lingxing anxiously sent a message to Chen Xiang: "Hurry back to the underground palace. Your whereabouts have always been controlled by the Forget-me Divine Race.

Although Chen Xiang had not met any Divine Body Venerable Ancestor s in the past few days, he was still extremely vigilant. He was prepared to fight at any time, and when Sun Lingxing suddenly sent a message to him, he felt a sense of danger.

"What happened?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"I don’t know. In short, Forget-me Divine Race sent a very powerful guy, this guy is right outside the forest. Sun Lingxing could feel the Qi, she was afraid that it was directed at Chen Xiang, so she anxiously asked Chen Xiang to come back.

"Alright, I’ll go back now." Chen Xiang immediately teleported back.

After returning to the underground palace, Chen Xiang was a lot more at ease. When he was in the forest, he immediately felt that the atmosphere wasn’t right.

"The World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum may open soon, but there is a force coming from inside the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum." Sun Lingxing said. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"Is this true? Why didn’t I sense it? " Chen Xiang indeed did not feel any aura from the direction of the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum.

"Maybe this is something only I can feel, so you have to be careful." Sun Lingxing said: "For this period of time, do not go out. If World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum truly opens, we definitely cannot be the first to enter, because we do not know of the dangers inside."

"If we don’t enter first, then if there is something good inside, won’t it mean that others will want it?" Chen Xiang frowned: "At this time, Forget-me Divine Race and Dragon Demons are all gathered here. If they were to obtain them, it would be extremely disadvantageous for us."

Sun Lingxing had of course considered this issue before.

"When the time comes, we will need to secretly follow behind them ... Of course, it won’t be easy for them to discover me and you are also being used by the Tracing mantra. " Sun Lingxing said.

"What level of cultivation is that guy who used the Tracing mantra Technique on me?" Chen Xiang’s face darkened, he felt that as long as he killed this fellow, he would not be tracked anymore.

"The Venerable Ancestor Later-stage is still relatively easy to deal with, but the problem now is that it won’t be easy for you to go to the Forget-me Divine Race ... ..." As Sun Lingxing said this, he remembered that Chen Xiang could use the power of teleportation.

Of course, if Chen Xiang wanted to go to Forget-me Divine Race’s tribe, it could be said to be extremely dangerous.

"I will use the Mouse Man!" Chen Xiang laughed.

"Although the strength of the Mouse Man is not bad, it’s not easy to deal with him." Sun Lingxing shook his head.

"If we use Wangwo scent?" Chen Xiang laughed: "They have used this poison on me before, even if they have a way to cure it, they will definitely not be able to cure it within a short period of time."

Sun Lingxing thought that this method was not bad and said after thinking about it: "Alright, we can try. I’ll tell you where that guy is located and then you can use the Heaven devouring rat to look for him."

After that, Chen Xiang used the power of space to pluck many Wangwo flower from the forest outside. Furthermore, he refined these Wangwo flower into Poisonous scent using the Crash method, and refined them using the Crash method.

"When Heaven devouring rat smells this kind of Poisonous scent, it can get poisoned as well." Sun Lingxing said, she had also tested them before.

"It’s fine, just give the Heaven devouring rat an antidote pill." Chen Xiang still had a lot of antidote pills.

After everything was prepared, he released several hundred Heaven devouring rat s, all of which had Poisonous scent s as well as antidotes.

After Chen Xiang finished inspecting them, he teleported all the Heaven devouring rat outside the tribe of Forget-me Divine Race to look for the guy who used the Tracing mantra Technique on him.

Very quickly, he found the old man in a cave. Confirming that it was this guy who was using the Tracing mantra Technique on him, he let several hundred Heaven devouring rat rush into the cave.

After the Heaven devouring rat entered the cave, the old man also discovered it. He immediately waved his hands, releasing waves of purple light that struck the Heaven devouring rat’s body.

However, he thought that it was just an ordinary mouse, so he didn’t use much strength when he attacked. As a result, his attack didn’t kill the group of Heaven devouring rat, but instead, he struck the Poisonous scent out.

When the old man smelled the Wangwo scent, he instantly turned pale from fright. He wanted to quickly suppress the Poisonous scent, but it was already too late, the poison power of the Poisonous scent that Chen Xiang refined was extremely terrifying. In an instant, he was immersed in the intoxicating feeling brought by the Poisonous scent, unable to extricate himself!