Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang saw this scene through the Rat King and was secretly pleased. He had been poisoned like this before.

"Spirit Star, is there any way to cure the poison in Forget-me Divine Race?" asked. At this point, he had already succeeded, Sun Lingxing could tell from his expression.

"There is, but it’s not easy. The detoxification pills you concoct are pretty quick and simple!" Sun Lingxing had seen Chen Xiang’s antidote before, she didn’t know much about pills. She felt that the antidote was extremely magical, especially when people learned that the antidote could make people stronger, she was shocked.

Chen Xiang looked at the old man who had fainted on the ground, and sneered in his heart: "These guys clearly know how terrifying these Wangwo poison are, but they’re still being used on me. Now, it’s your turn to suffer such a fate!"

Chen Xiang had another idea in mind, which was to use Wangwo poison s to deal with the Forget-me Divine Race!

In the Forget-me Divine Race, there were very few people like Sun Lingxing who would not be poisoned. At least, Sun Lingxing had never heard of anyone who could be like her.

Chen Xiang suddenly felt that the reason why Sun Lingxing was not poisoned was not because she was kind, but because of her relationship with World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum.

"Old man, this is what happened to me after you used the Tracing mantra Technique. Being able to feel so comfortable before you died can be considered to be a blessing in disguise." Chen Xiang let the Swallowing Mouse move out and completely devour the old man.

After Chen Xiang took back the rat, he smiled at Sun Lingxing: "It’s already succeeded, now we can go out and relax. It’s already so long that we can travel for a long time. She is no longer afraid of being tracked by the secret techniques used by the Forget-me Divine Race. " 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Sun Lingxing said: "Even so, you still have to be careful. I won’t be going out, go outside and take a look!"

Since Sun Lingxing could use the Rats, she was too lazy to run out herself.

Chen Xiang actually wanted to find out more about the Dragon Demon’s latest situation, so he left the underground palace and went into the forest.

Tang Zhongjie had already changed a tree hole, but it was still easy for Chen Xiang to find him.

"Old Tang!" Chen Xiang appearing in the hollow of Tang Zhongjie’s tree startled him yet again.

Tang Zhongjie also laughed and scolded him, but that was nothing much.

"Old Tang, the atmosphere in these forests is very strange. Have you felt it?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course I sensed it. How could I not know about such an obvious change?" Tang Zhongjie started to act, his expression becoming more serious: "The powerful Dragon Demons have indeed come, they are currently outside the forest, moreover they are at odds with the Forget-me Divine Race, I wonder if the experts of the Forget-me Divine Race will appear!"

thought that they were fighting until their heads bled from the fight outside the forest.

"So what’s the latest?" Chen Xiang asked again.

"Not at the moment, the forest is relatively safer. World Defying Stage’s are not allowed to enter, and there are World Defying Stage’s Dragon Demons outside, if we go out, we will be caught, so we do not dare to leave the forest to ask around." Tang Zhongjie shook her head: "On the other hand, there are some movements from the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, and from time to time, there will be some weak energy fluctuations."

Previously, Sun Lingxing was the same, but his reaction to the energy fluctuation was much clearer than Tang Zhongjie.

On the other hand, he himself did not feel Chen Xiang’s presence, nor did he know why.

"I’ll go out and investigate, but those guys shouldn’t be able to discover me." Chen Xiang said.

"Don’t go, World Defying dragon demon are very strong ... Furthermore, other than the World Defying dragon demon, there are also some experts who have cultivated up to the World Defying soul. Tang Zhongjie understood the strength of this World Defying Stage very well, so he grabbed onto Chen Xiang and did not let him go.

"Fine, I’m not going out. I’m just going to watch from the edge!" Chen Xiang said: "That should be fine, they should be outside the forest now."

"It’s just that it’s fine to be at the edge of the forest. If you see them attacking you from outside, you have to be careful." Tang Zhongjie warned.

Although the people from the World Defying Stage could not come in, they could still attack from the outside if they were outside. That was why he was so worried.

As an elder, Tang Zhongjie was definitely worried about Chen Xiang. He also knew how dangerous the Dragon Demons outside were, that’s why he told Chen Xiang to do this.

"You must be careful!" Tang Zhongjie was still worried, but he had just finished, and Chen Xiang had already teleported away.

After Chen Xiang became invisible, he arrived at the edge of the forest. When he was near, he could feel the evil and evil in this place, which shocked him.

"Is this the aura of a World Defying dragon demon? It’s just too scary. " Chen Xiang couldn’t help but break out in cold sweat, the strength of the World Defying dragon demon was far more frightening than he had imagined.

"I wonder if World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor has such a powerful ability!" Chen Xiang had only seen the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor’s clone before, but had not truly felt the aura of the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor.

"The World Defying dragon demon was sealed by the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor. The Dragon Patriarch’s strength is definitely much stronger than him." When he arrived at the edge of the forest, he could also sense that there were a lot of people moving about.

"We know whether he’s a Dragon Demon or a Forget-me Divine Race practitioner!" Previously, Chen Xiang only let the Swallowing Mouse enter the Forget-me Divine Race’s tribe to search for the old man using the incantation. He did not investigate the situation inside because he was worried that the Forget-me Divine Race would find out.

After he released his Spatial Perception, as long as he felt something move, he would immediately teleport over.

"It’s a Dragon Demon!" Chen Xiang came to the side of a Dragon Demon. Just as he was about to attack, he saw a human walking over.

The human was a middle-aged man. He shouted to the Dragon Demon, "After entering, you must focus your heart on Forget-me Divine Race. Forget-me Divine Race has already killed many of our members."

Quite a number of them were killed? Chen Xiang suddenly felt that it was strange, because he did not kill too many of them.

which was to say, the real Forget-me Divine Race was killing the Dragon Demon!

"So when do we strike back? Forget-me Divine Race is too arrogant! " The dragon demon said.

"When the proud Dragon Lord arrives ... As soon as he thinks it’s okay, we’ll go into the forest and start killing people. " The middle-aged man said: "Our White Bones Imperial has long since lost patience. We are only waiting for one word from Supreme Dragon ..."

As soon as the middle-aged man finished speaking, Chen Xiang immediately took action. The Heavenly magic sword had killed the Dragon Demon and the middle-aged man in an instant, and then used the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell on them.

"The World Defying dragon demon actually changed her name to the Arrogant Dragon Elder. How shameless!" After Chen Xiang devoured the memories of these two fellows, he found out some things about the Dragon Demons.

White Bones Imperial, Flying Dragon Ghost Realm and the others had all come, and they were all led by big heads. It was just that those big heads could not enter the forest, because they were all from World Defying Stage.

The High Priest was also there, of course. He had entered the Myriad Tao Mausoleum very early, how could he not be there!

...

...