Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang suddenly felt that the enemy’s strength was terrifying, he could not handle them at all!

"It’s a good thing that the Forget-me Divine Race did not join hands with them, otherwise they would be even more powerful." This allowed Chen Xiang to feel more at ease. Fortunately he and Sun Lingxing had sow discord in the past, otherwise, they really might have teamed up. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Chen Xiang was currently using the power of space to pluck a large number of Wangwo flower.

His rat would also be poisoned, so he felt that this poison would definitely be effective against the dragon demon.

"They were not poisoned when they entered, it’s mainly because the high priest, the Ghost Emperor and the others made the way for World Defying Stage. They had sent the Dragon Demons to investigate earlier, and found out that there was a bunch of poisonous flowers, so when they came in, they had already thought of a way to deal with it."

Chen Xiang learned all of this from Swallowing’s memories.

After Chen Xiang harvested all the Wangwo flower, just as he was about to go back, he sensed a strong aura. His heart trembled: "Could this aura be that of an expert from the Forget-me Divine Race?"

He immediately used the Communication jade Symbol paper to pass the news to Sun Lingxing!

"Hurry up and come! It should be the negotiation between the Forget-me Divine Race’s Patriarch and the World Defying dragon demon, they are not stupid, these two top rankers are also not stupid, and since they know about your matters, it is very likely that we are trying to sow discord. " Sun Lingxing said: "Nowadays, the dead bodies of the Dragon Demons and Forget-me Divine Race are not really that important to them. If they really knew that we were the ones who picked on them, they would definitely not listen to us. If we break away from them, it is very possible that we will put them down and join forces! "

Chen Xiang thought back to what the middle-aged man from the White Bones Imperial had said. That middle-aged man, the World Defying dragon demon did not allow themselves to attack the Forget-me Divine Race on a large scale, and had clearly sensed something, which was why he had asked the patriarch of the Forget-me Divine Race to negotiate with him.

Chen Xiang could only return now. When he returned to the underground palace, he suddenly felt a weak vibration, followed by a voice.

"Chen Xiang, I know you’re inside. Don’t think that just by hiding you’ll be safe and sound! Let me tell you something. Once the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum’s power disappears, all of the barrier energy in this forest will no longer exist. This was a voice filled with power, and when the voice was heard, it carried a sinister aura.

"It’s the voice of the World Defying dragon demon!" Although Chen Xiang had never seen World Defying dragon demon before, he was sure.

Following that was another voice.

"Chen Xiang, if you behave and come out now, and hand over all the techniques you have, we can let you go and let you live."

Sun Lingxing said: "This is the voice of the clan leader, you must not believe it!"

Chen Xiang was a little nervous at this moment, "If the World Defying dragon demon is real, then I might be in more danger."

Even if he stepped into the World Defying Stage, he felt that he could only barely hold off the World Defying dragon demon, but since the Head of Forget-me Race had also joined in, if he joined hands with the other big shots of the World Defying Stage, he would definitely not be able to block it.

"Don’t worry, there will be a way." Sun Lingxing suddenly grabbed Chen Xiang’s hand. Under the threat of so many Rankers, she could feel the fear in Chen Xiang’s heart. If it was her, she would definitely be terrified too.

Chen Xiang nodded, and said: "Now we can only wait and see if there’s any turning points after entering the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum."

"I’ll definitely help you." Sun Lingxing said: "I feel that there is a very strong power waiting for me inside the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum. Even though it’s just my feeling, I feel that it might make me very strong."

Chen Xiang was overjoyed. He thought that Sun Lingxing wouldn’t be able to sense it, but he didn’t think that she would actually be able to feel that there was power inside it from his previous life.

"I’ll go refine the Wangwo scent first." Chen Xiang knew that this type of poison was extremely useful to him.

If he was surrounded, it would be of great help to him if he threw out this kind of Poisonous scent.

Just a moment ago, the two Head of Forget-me Race s and the World Defying dragon demon each spoke one sentence, and it was clear that they had joined hands. They believed that this would definitely create a lot of pressure for Chen Xiang, and now, they were also discussing how to capture Chen Xiang.

... ....

There were many tents in the Ao Shi forest, and one of them was a big red tent. World Defying dragon demon, Head of Forget-me Race and other big shots were all there.

"Chen Xiang has treasures on him, it would be a pity if he died." The Ghost Emperor said: "As far as I know, he possesses the Myriad Tao’s Divine Arts. This is a cultivation technique used to achieve the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor, even the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor would want it!"

"Furthermore, there are spatial techniques and alchemy techniques. These are all extremely extraordinary. Although Chen Xiang’s cultivation is currently not high, he has already reached the peak of perfection in this area." The High Priest said, "I was ambushed by him earlier when he used a spatial spell!"

The World Defying dragon demon sighed, "This Chen Xiang .... If they were allowed to live, it would definitely be a great disaster. However, it would be extremely difficult to capture them alive ... Is there any way to blackmail him? "

The Divine Master of the Dao World suddenly said, "If it was before, this wouldn’t be a problem because he has many relatives and friends within the Dao world that I’m in charge of. But all his friends and family suddenly disappeared into my world. "

Hearing those words, everyone’s eyes lit up.

The World Defying dragon demon said: "It’s impossible for him to suddenly disappear, just check carefully, maybe they opened up a space inside the world inside, and when he’s inside, you won’t notice him. As long as we carefully find his friends and relatives, then we can use it to threaten him."

"I’ll do my best!"

He didn’t have much confidence in himself, because it would be extremely difficult for him to travel to the Dao World. Although the other nine Gods who had created the Dao World had died, the power of the Laws they had left behind was extremely powerful.

"Head of Forget-me Race, how much do you know about this World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum? You are one of the very early races. " The World Defying dragon demon asked.

"We only know that there is a large group of World Defying Stage Divine level Rankers who managed to cultivate their Divine Bodies inside, and they all died inside. As for the other things, we do not know, but we can be sure that if we want to cultivate to the World Defying Stage Divine Bodies, we can only go in for a trip. Head of Forget-me Race said.

"Alright then!" Go look for Chen Xiang, and see if you can catch him alive. Although your cultivation will regress, you don’t have to worry, I will help you two to break through to the next level. " The World Defying dragon demon said: "I will give you the complete World Defying soul!"

...

...