Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

To obtain a complete World Defying soul, this was equivalent to increasing a very powerful strength! Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable, Bone Emperor, and the High Priest were all envious. They wanted to do such a thing too, but since the World Defying dragon demon had already been given to the Ghost Emperor and High Priest, they couldn’t do anything about it.

"Lord Supreme Dragon, we will definitely capture Chen Xiang alive." The High Priest was overjoyed and very confident.

"Although we have temporarily fallen back to the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, our strength still far surpasses Chen Xiang’s. We will definitely be able to complete it exceptionally well." He was very confident in his own strength. He felt that no matter how strong Chen Xiang was, he would not be able to defeat him and the High Priest.

The Head of Forget-me Race said: "How about we send someone to move with you guys? Chen Xiang knows how to use spatial techniques to teleport. It would be easier to catch him with more people." Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

The Ghost Emperor and High Priest did not understand the Forget-me Divine Race, but they knew that the Head of Forget-me Race was very powerful, so they nodded their heads. It was a good thing that someone helped them, it would reduce their strength and increase their chances of capturing Chen Xiang.

"Alright, when will you leave and enter the forest?" Head of Forget-me Race was very clear about the situation inside, and knew that Sun Lingxing would definitely be accompanying him. Sun Lingxing was very important to them.

"Let’s go tonight!" The Ghost Emperor said.

"So, our people, we’re studying for a long time," he said. c fwx. Long Haochen, you will meet up with us here at night. " The reason the Head of Forget-me Race sent his own people to follow them was to prevent Sun Lingxing from getting accidentally killed by them. It was fine if they couldn’t catch Chen Xiang, but Sun Lingxing had to be caught.

... ....

Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing didn’t know that the Forget-me Divine Race and the Demonic Dragon had allied themselves and were preparing to go inside to capture them. However, they were already extremely vigilant now, so they were very careful when they went out.

Now, Chen Xiang was also frantically refining Wangwo scent s, although this type of poison would not kill people, he felt that it was more terrifying than killing people. He had experienced it before, if Tang Zhongjie did not cure him with the antidote, he did not know what kind of torture he would have in the end.

Sun Lingxing was resting in her room. During this period of time, she had become more and more familiar with the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, causing her desire to enter the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum to grow, but now was not the time.

The underground palace Sun Lingxing built was extremely secretive. At this time, there were many Dragon Demons and Forget-me Divine Race searching for them, but they couldn’t find where they were.

Especially the patriarch of the Forget-me Divine Race, he felt hatred in his heart because the old man, who was in charge of tracking others, had been killed. In this way, they would need more time to find Chen Xiang and his group in the forest.

In order to increase their manpower, the Dragon Demons had even bribed many old fellows who were hiding in the forest. At this moment, they were also looking everywhere for Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing, and if they found them, they would be able to obtain very generous rewards!

Although they knew that Chen Xiang had a lot of methods, they were more confident in their own strength. Even though they had already fallen from World Defying Stage to the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, they felt that they could still take Chen Xiang down easily even if they met Chen Xiang.

Of course, they had brought some Venerable Ancestor Later-stage’s underlings with them, so they were all very confident.

Although the big shots under the World Defying dragon demon’s command looked friendly on the surface, they were all unwilling to work together. It was very difficult to get them to work together.

The Ghost Emperor and High Priest thought that if they could capture Chen Xiang, then the contributions would be the greatest, and the World Defying dragon demon would set their sights on them. Therefore, when they came in, they separated at the same time, and the Forget-me Divine Race and the other Divine Body Venerable Ancestor did the same, they would definitely not submit to these outsiders.

If they were to gather together, it would indeed be a very powerful force, but right now, it was just a piece of loose sand!

"This forest is not big, could it be that we have to dig open the forest to find Chen Xiang?" The Ghost Emperor was currently standing on a large tree. He was in a bad mood because after searching for two, he couldn’t find any clues.

"Lord Ghost Emperor, I just found out that Chen Xiang also has a friend here. He has a friend named Tang Zhongjie, and it’s right inside here, if we find him, we might be able to lure him out." A middle-aged man suddenly flew up and said to the Ghost Emperor.

Tang Zhongjie originally had a few friends who knew about Chen Xiang, and among those friends of his, there were a few who had forgotten about benefits and ties, thus the matter of Tang Zhongjie’s good relationship with Chen Xiang was also known by the Ghost Emperor.

"Can you find that Tang Zhongjie?" Hearing that, the Ghost Emperor was secretly happy, and said quickly: "Dao crystal is not a problem, but this matter must be kept a secret, we cannot let the High Priest know!"

Now that the Ghost Emperor finally had some clues, he was worried that the High Priest would find out, so he had to move quickly.

"Go and ask the person who revealed this information. If he is able to help us find Tang Zhongjie, we can give him a trillion Dao crystal." If he could capture Chen Xiang, forget about a trillion, even a trillion was worth it.

... ....

As Chen Xiang was refining the Wangwo scent, Sun Lingxing suddenly took out the Communication jade Symbol paper and sent a message to him.

"Chen Xiang, are you in closed door cultivation right now? The situation outside is not good, the Divine Body Venerable Ancestor is here, I found three of them through the Rats, and they are all very strong, I am not their opponent, you have to be careful when you leave. "

When Chen Xiang received Sun Lingxing’s message, he was only slightly surprised. He was not afraid of the Divine Body Venerable Ancestor s at all.

"I understand. If you go out by yourself, you must be careful. It’s best if you don’t go out." Chen Xiang immediately replied.

Of course, Sun Lingxing did not want to go out. She only wanted to wait here quietly for the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum to open, and then go in with Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang thought so too, but things did not go as well as he had imagined. This was because not long after Sun Lingxing had sent the message, he had received a message from Tang Zhongjie.

"Chen Xiang, you have to hide. Those fellows have already gone insane trying to find you!" When Tang Zhongjie sent a message to Chen Xiang, he was extremely furious.

Chen Xiang immediately asked: "Old Tang, what’s wrong?"

However, he did not receive a response even after waiting for a long time.

"Did they arrest Old Tang?" Chen Xiang immediately had such a guess, and then used the Six Realms Time and Space Door s to teleport to the vicinity of Old Tang’s location.

Chen Xiang listened carefully and saw that it was Tang Zhongjie screaming in pain. He immediately teleported into the hollow of the tree and saw that the Ghost Emperor was beating Tang Zhongjie up with a chain that burned with black flames!

...

...