Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang never thought that the Ghost Emperor would come to the Primordial Forest, the Ghost Emperor was from the World Defying Stage, if he appeared in the forest now, it meant that his cultivation had regressed, he belonged to the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage!

"Hurry up and tell me where Chen Xiang is, or else you’ll be in a lot of trouble from now on." The Spirit Emperor stepped on Tang Zhongjie’s old face, and asked sternly: "If you do not, I will not kill you, I will only make you wish you were dead!"

"Pah! Even if I were to die, I wouldn’t do it. I don’t want some people to betray their friends like they did." Tang Zhongjie looked at the old man behind the Ghost Emperor in anger. It was obvious that this old man had betrayed him.

"You’re being stubborn, aren’t you!?" "I’ll smash your mouth right now." The Ghost Emperor sneered, then brandished the chain again. Just as he swung the chain, he suddenly felt a very weak spatial fluctuation.

Only Chen Xiang was able to use the power of space here, causing him to be overjoyed, because Chen Xiang had arrived and was just around the corner. He believed that he would be able to catch Chen Xiang soon, and when he obtains the complete World Defying soul, he would be stronger than the Bone Emperor and Dragon Demon Ancestor.

"Chen Xiang, I know you are nearby." The Ghost Emperor suddenly laughed sinisterly, and just as he was laughing wildly, he suddenly smelled an intoxicating fragrance, which immediately made him feel refreshed, but he quickly reacted.

This is the Poisonous scent!

When the Ghost Emperor came in, he was responsible for leading the way as well as the suppression of the Poisonous scent in the Sea of Wangwo flower. He had never smelt this kind of Poisonous scent before, but from the description of poison, he immediately knew that he had been poisoned with the Wangwo scent’s poison.

Wangwo scent that had been refined by Chen Xiang using the Crash method were extremely terrifying, and the poison itself was extremely dense. If one could smell even a little bit of the poison, it would be extremely difficult to resist the spread of the poison.

The people inside the tree hole were all poisoned, Chen Xiang saw an old man taking out an antidote pill, he immediately teleported in and hit the old man with his palm, causing the old man’s body to be covered in blood mist.

The old man had the Detoxification Pill, and the person that was clearly in the forest for a long time was the old man that sold Tang Zhongjie out.

"Chen Xiang... "You’re so despicable." The Ghost Emperor was currently immersed in an indescribable beauty, but in his heart he clearly understood that he needed to resist this devilish feeling of relaxation, or else he would sink into it.

"A guy like you has the word despicable? I’ve never seen a man as brazen as you. " Chen Xiang took out a antidote pill for Tang Zhongjie to eat, then took out a jade box. With a cold expression, he walked in front of the Ghost Emperor.

At this time, the Ghost Emperor’s expression was hideous, and waves of comfort were constantly assaulting his body, but he had to resist this feeling of comfort. At the same time, this feeling of comfort also made him infatuated, making him want to relax his entire body and let this comfortable feeling spread throughout his body, causing him to be in a contradiction of pain.

Chen Xiang opened the jade box. Inside were all some purple powder, he grabbed a handful and scattered them all over the Ghost Emperor ... UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

When the Ghost Emperor saw the purple powder, he knew that it was Wangwo scent s, but they had actually been turned into powder by Chen Xiang. When he saw the powder, he felt that he was going to be trapped in a situation where life and death were worse than death.

At this time, the other Dragon Demons had already given up on resisting, and were all intoxicated in the Poisonous scent.

"He’s pretty good, he didn’t faint right away." Chen Xiang stomped his foot on the Ghost Emperor’s face, "You have killed Time Ghost, and now we shall settle this debt. Don’t worry, I won’t let you die immediately.

"Time Ghost... You actually know the Time Ghost, so his Time Dao Meridians are in your possession? " Although he was immersed in the Wangwo poison, he was extremely afraid. He was afraid that when the Wangwo poison flared up in the future, he would not be able to use it to cure the poison, and he would not be able to try it again. This would be a very painful thing.

"That’s right, so I must avenge the Time Ghost! You fellow who worked for the Dragon Demon, today I will let you know how terrifying I, Chen Xiang am. " After Chen Xiang killed the other Dragon Demons, he looked at the Ghost Emperor from inside the hollow of the tree.

He took out the Six Realms mirrors and had the Ghost Emperor sit on top of it, and waited like this for the Ghost Emperor to wake up.

After the Ghost Emperor woke up, he had already recovered a bit of his strength. He could struggle crazily and wanted to escape from the Six Realms mirrors, but his strength was too weak.

"Chen Xiang, quickly release me." The Ghost Emperor knew that the Forget-me Divine Race had a way to cure the poison, so he hoped to be able to leave the forest as soon as possible the next time the poison appeared.

"Why should I let you out? "You are my enemy, and you mistreated my friend. Even if I were to be kicked in the head by a donkey, I would never do such a foolish thing as letting you go." Chen Xiang crossed his hands against his chest and leaned against the wall, looking at the Ghost Emperor.

had experienced it before, so he had a deep understanding of it. He also knew that torturing others using this method was the most cruel, and much more painful than torturing his body.

The Ghost Emperor started to curse, but Chen Xiang remained indifferent.

After being injured by the Ghost Emperor, Tang Zhongjie had gradually recovered. He was standing right beside Chen Xiang, waiting for the Wangwo poison on the Ghost Emperor’s body to flare up. Their eyes were all filled with anticipation, as if they were waiting to watch a big show.

The Ghost Emperor felt hatred in his heart, he couldn’t understand why he would be so unlucky to actually meet a guy like Chen Xiang.

Very quickly, the Wangwo poison on the Ghost Emperor’s body flared up, and that addiction caused his body to tremble. He longed for the intoxication brought by the Poisonous scent s, as it could numb the pain on his body.

"Who else came in here other than you?" Chen Xiang asked, then took out a jade box. Inside the jade box was the purple colored Wangwo poison powder.

"Also... And the High Priest. " The Ghost Emperor’s heart had already collapsed. He immediately told Chen Xiang everything he knew and told him all of their plans.

"The High Priest is here too! This is great!" Chen Xiang’s eyes shone, he was extremely happy: "The World Defying dragon demon actually has a complete set of World Defying soul in its hands, but unfortunately, you won’t be able to enjoy it anymore!"

Chen Xiang was anxious to deal with the High Priest, so he released a ball of fire and killed the Ghost Emperor.

Seeing the Ghost Emperor burnt to ashes by the World Defying god fire, Chen Xiang kept the Six Realms mirrors and brought Tang Zhongjie to Sun Lingxing’s underground palace.

"The Spirit Star isn’t here!" Chen Xiang was shocked. Sun Lingxing had actually left, and the outside world was extremely dangerous. Other than the few Forget-me Divine Race s, there was also the High Priest, who was an evil and vicious bastard.

...

...