"Old Tang, you recuperate here first!" Chen Xiang told Tang Zhongjie to stay here, then he took out the Communication jade Symbol paper and sent a message to Sun Lingxing.

He did not receive Sun Lingxing’s reply. It was clear that Sun Lingxing’s current situation was extremely bad, just like the Tang Zhongjie before him.

"Spirit Star, do not let anything happen to you!" Chen Xiang felt that Sun Lingxing had a huge future. Once she entered the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, she would definitely be able to gain great power, and at that time, she would be able to be of great help to him. Moreover, he had gotten along well with Sun Lingxing, and the two of them had a very good relationship.

Chen Xiang entered the Six Realms Time and Space Door, but he could not find Sun Lingxing’s Wheel of Fate!

"The wheel of fate of Spirit Star isn’t here? What is going on?" Chen Xiang was extremely shocked.

He had previously tried to find the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor, or even the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor’s Wheel of Fate, but now he couldn’t find Sun Lingxing. This was the first time he had encountered something like this.

"Could it be... Could it be that Spirit Star is dead? " Chen Xiang’s heart jumped, then he shook his head: "Nothing will happen to Spirit Star. She is so strong, so she shouldn’t die that easily."

Chen Xiang did not dare believe such a thing. He immediately sent all his rats out to search for Sun Lingxing in the forest.

He himself had entered the forest and teleported everywhere, searching for traces of Sun Lingxing.

Very quickly, he passed by a Swallowing Mouse and saw Sun Lingxing’s figure. He immediately teleported over.

The invisible Chen Xiang saw that Sun Lingxing was covered in purple iron chains, causing her to lose her soul. In front of her was a bloodied head, which belonged to an old lady.

Sun Lingxing, who was tied up, was kneeling in front of a human head with a painful expression. Although she did not cry, she could not hide the sorrow in her heart.

There were also three men dressed in purple and gold here. They were all extremely powerful, with bursts of World Defying Stage Divine Power Qi on their bodies and a wave of power, their bodies were already close to the physique of the world. As long as they were given time, they would be able to cultivate the body of the world and step into the World Defying Stage.

This kind of ancestor, also known as the Divine Body Venerable Ancestor, was extremely powerful!

"Sun Lingxing, the reason why this old woman ended up like this is all because of you!" One of the men sneered: "If it wasn’t for you leaving the Forget-me Divine Race back then, she wouldn’t be here right now."

"But... But Grandmother is already dead, why ... Why did she appear here again? " Sun Lingxing felt his heart ache looking at Sun Lingxing’s soulless appearance.

"She didn’t die, she was just imprisoned by the clan leader. The clan leader was worried that you would run away in the future, so he deliberately left that out!" If we didn’t take out her head, you wouldn’t have been lured out so easily, right? " The man chuckled, "Now I’ve finally caught you. If I knew earlier, I wouldn’t have done it this way!"

Sun Lingxing closed her eyes, two clear lines of tears flowed down, and when she opened her eyes, there was an endless amount of hatred in her eyes. She, who was originally kind, now looked like a peerless evil woman, as her entire body released waves of black killing intent.

The three Divine Body Venerable Ancestor s were all shocked.

"Seal her quickly..." Just as the man finished speaking, he was enveloped by a cloud of purple mist. Chen Xiang threw out all the Wangwo poison in his hands and they formed bursts of purple powder that covered the three Divine Body Venerable Ancestor s like a sandstorm.

Such a dense Wangwo poison, as long as they could inhale even a little bit of it, they were finished, and such a sandstorm of poison powder had entered the mouths of the three Divine Body Venerable Ancestor s. In an instant, they were poisoned to the end and fainted.

Smelling this kind of Poisonous scent, Sun Lingxing, who had originally become extremely irritable, as if a peerless evil woman was awakening, gradually calmed down and returned to her original state, then fell asleep as well.

Chen Xiang hurried over and sealed the three Divine Body Venerable Ancestor s inside the Six Realms mirrors. He then picked up Sun Lingxing and placed him in a quiet place in the You Yao Mountain Villa.

"High Priest!" Chen Xiang’s rat had discovered the figure of the High Priest. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"Alright, let’s settle this together!" Chen Xiang immediately released a burst of aura and at the same time, collected all the poison powder that had fallen in the air.

Very quickly, the High Priest sensed Chen Xiang’s Qi, and happily brought his men over. However, halfway through, he was suddenly hit by a burst of purple powder, and by the time he smelled that it was a type of Poisonous scent, he knew he was done for!

"Chen Xiang... You, you used a Wangwo poison on me? " The High Priest was terrified.

"Yes, you know this poison?" Chen Xiang smiled slightly, then slapped the High Priest, whose face was filled with fear. The slap had even shattered the High Priest’s Bones, this was like a slap to the face, causing the High Priest’s head to be smashed.

"You bastard, I’m going to fight you to the death." The High Priest roared crazily, and then rushed towards Chen Xiang. However, the moment he waved his hand, he fell to the ground and started twitching.

Chen Xiang fiercely stomped on his body a few times, and laughed coldly: "You worked hard to help the World Defying dragon demon break the seal, but he actually abandoned you like a piece of trash. He arranged for you and the Ghost Emperor to come in, so that you guys could die. That’s because you are trash in his eyes, so he will throw you away without feeling any heartache at all. "

The high priest roared in anger as if struck by lightning: "It’s not like that! I’m loyal and devoted to my lord. He only sent me because he values me. Don’t be a b * stard!"

If that’s really the case, then he definitely shouldn’t have sent me over. You all don’t understand me well enough, but World Defying dragon demon knows very well, he is very clear on how terrifying the Myriad Tao Divine Arts I cultivate are. He also knows that the spatial technique that I have mastered makes it so easy for me to deal with you all. Chen Xiang laughed coldly: "So, you are already of no value in his eyes, so he feels that it’s better to let you guys give him a last bit of help before I die, to see what stage I have grown to."

"You ... "You bastard." The High Priest did not believe Chen Xiang’s words, but he had already crumbled and continued to shout.

Chen Xiang sneered, and smashed his palm towards the High Priest. He struck out a set of World Defying god fire, burned this evil Dragon Demon High Priest to death, and then returned to Sun Lingxing’s underground palace.

Chen Xiang let Sun Lingxing out from the You Yao Mountain Villa, placed her on the bed in her room, then sat down beside the bed and patiently waited for her to wake up. At this moment, he was a little worried about Sun Lingxing.

He was worried that Sun Lingxing was an extremely terrifying female devil in his previous life, otherwise he wouldn’t have been sealed inside the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum!

...

...