Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang waited for more than two hours, but there was no sign of Sun Lingxing waking up. This caused him to be a little worried, and then he went to check on her situation.

"It’s hard to imagine a woman’s body being this powerful." Chen Xiang had thought that Sun Lingxing’s body was severely injured, but after inspecting it, he discovered that Sun Lingxing’s body was extremely tough, and even if he released his consciousness inside, it would be extremely difficult to investigate.

The unconscious Sun Lingxing felt an extremely strong force enter his body to resist all the powers outside. Chen Xiang then went to check on the situation of Sun Lingxing’s Divine Sense Sea.

"The Divine Sense Sea is very healthy without any injuries, but why is she still not awake?" Chen Xiang felt that a strong Ranker like Sun Lingxing should not be in deep sleep for so long. After all, her body was in a very good condition right now.

He waited for another two hours but Sun Lingxing still had not woken up.

"I wonder how Old Tang is doing now, let’s find him and ask." Chen Xiang walked out of Sun Lingxing’s room and waited in the hall.

Tang Zhongjie was injured just now, but it was not a very serious injury and he could quickly recover. Right now, he is in a very good condition, after he walked out of the room, he saw Chen Xiang here, and immediately asked: "This place is not bad, did you build it?"

Chen Xiang shook his head: "I didn’t build it, it’s ... It’s a woman, she’s already passed out. I don’t know why, but she’s very strong, she shouldn’t have fainted for so long, and she wasn’t hurt. "

Tang Zhongjie frowned: "Her situation!"

To be able to build such a stone room, Tang Zhongjie was very curious about the background of this woman. To be able to build such a good place in this forest, he was an antique of the Primordial Forest, but he did not know about this. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Chen Xiang told Tang Zhongjie about Sun Lingxing’s situation!

After listening to Chen Xiang’s narration, Tang Zhongjie’s expression became extremely solemn, and she said, "She almost awakened an extremely evil and terrifying power earlier. Fortunately, she did not succeed, or else the consequences would be unthinkable!"

"Why did she awaken such a power? Could it be that she possessed such an evil and powerful strength in her previous life in the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum? " Chen Xiang asked.

"It’s very possible, but it might not be true. Perhaps the power of her previous life was sealed inside the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, and after so many years, it has become extremely evil. When she tried to forcefully awaken previously, she was also affected by this kind of effect." Tang Zhongjie finished and then shook her head. "But that’s impossible, the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum has not opened yet, so she can’t directly feel the energy inside the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, much less extract it out!"

"Then what’s going on?" When Chen Xiang thought about it, he also felt that it was inconceivable. World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum was still sealed, so there was no aura inside that leaked out, so it was impossible for Sun Lingxing to obtain any power from it.

Tang Zhongjie thought for a while, his body suddenly shook, and said: "There is only one possibility, and that is that her power is sealed in the Everlasting Forest. Furthermore, it is very evil, and this might be related to her previous life! Of course, this is only my current guess. According to what you said, she should be a very kind-hearted woman who absolutely shouldn’t have that kind of frightening power. "

Chen Xiang recalled that Sun Lingxing once told him that the elders in the Forget-me Divine Race did not allow her to enter this prideful forest. Chen Xiang immediately told Tang Zhongjie about this.

After Tang Zhongjie heard it, he frowned: "It seems like my guess is not wrong, even if that power is not hers, only she can obtain it! There must be a hidden powerful force in this forest that can be devoured and sealed. "

"Only a Spirit Star can absorb that energy?" Chen Xiang asked.

Tang Zhongjie nodded his head: "It should be so. Forget-me Divine Race knows about it too, so she is not allowed to enter, I never thought that there would be such a secret hidden in this forest, I have been here for so many years yet I do not know about it."

"Old Tang, do you know when she’ll wake up?" Chen Xiang brought Tang Zhongjie to Sun Lingxing’s bedside.

After Tang Zhongjie investigated further, he was just as surprised as Chen Xiang at the toughness of Sun Lingxing’s body. That kind of power far exceeded his imagination.

"What’s wrong?" Seeing Tang Zhongjie’s expression, Chen Xiang was also a little worried.

"Her body is exceptionally strong, and she is already at the level of World Defying Holy Body. However, she was suppressed, which resulted in her physical body being restricted. If not, she would be even more powerful, and this Sun Lingxing must be hiding some huge secret. " Tang Zhongjie said: "For her to possess such a powerful body right now makes me feel that this is equivalent to a container of super power ... Which is to say, the power sealed here, can only be swallowed by the World Defying Holy Body. "

Sun Lingxing’s body had actually reached the World Defying Holy Body’s level, this was an existence that was as strong as the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor s and World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor s!

"It’s just that I don’t know if it’s the initial or mastery of the Primordial Divine Body." The World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor was an initial stage of the Primordial Divine Body, but he was much stronger than the World Defying dragon demon.

"This level of strength is definitely at large success. If it was at the initial stage, I would definitely be able to see that it is only slightly stronger than the Primordial Profound Body." Although Tang Zhongjie was only a Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, he was experienced and knowledgeable, he believed in his own judgement.

"Spirit Star, Spirit Star ..." Chen Xiang gently called out, he wished for Sun Lingxing to wake up quickly, but Sun Lingxing was still peacefully sleeping, breathing evenly, looking as though he was sleeping soundly.

"There’s only one possibility for why she hasn’t woken up yet. She felt that she might not be able to control herself, so she chose to seal herself in and let herself sleep. Otherwise, she would definitely wake up. It might just devour the evil energy that is sealed here, and turn her into an evil demon. " Tang Zhongjie guessed: "If you want her to wake up, you can try to find that energy and deal with that evil energy. This way, she might wake up."

"How can I find that power?" Chen Xiang looked at Sun Lingxing and caressed her face as he asked.

"He should be in the forest of the Everlasting Stone. I feel that you are better at this than me, so you should think of a way yourself." Tang Zhongjie said. He was captured by the High Priest previously, so it was clear that he was not strong enough.

"Alright, I’ll take a look now!"

Chen Xiang left the underground palace and floated high up in the sky. Then, he used the Dao heart Eye to fly above the forest, wanting to try and see if he could see where the peerless evil energy was hiding.

Chen Xiang searched for a few, but he didn’t find anything. Instead, he saw quite a few Dragon Demons searching for something.

"Are these demons looking for me?" Chen Xiang flew down and killed a Dragon Demon. From the Dragon Demon’s memories, he found out that the Dragon Demon was not looking for him, but for that peerless evil force.

...

...