Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

This was completely out of Chen Xiang’s expectations, the Dragon Demon also found out about the unique Evil Force hidden in the forest!

"How did the Dragon know?" Chen Xiang killed a few more Dragon Demons, but did not manage to find anything out of the memories of these Dragon Demons. These Dragon Demons only received orders to come here to search for a strong source of evil energy.

These past few days, Chen Xiang did not reap any rewards, if it was before, he would not be so worried, but now, the Dragon Demons know of the existence of absolute evil, if they were to obtain it, the consequences would be unimaginable. "

He returned to the underground palace and told this matter to Tang Zhongjie.

"It could be that Miss Ling Xing had awakened that peerless evil energy, and World Defying dragon demon was very sensitive to that power, so they could sense it immediately, maybe he already knew about the hidden peerless evil energy inside Head of Forget-me Race’s mouth." Tang Zhongjie said: "We must get rid of this evil energy before they find us. If they get it, there will be endless troubles in the future."

"But I don’t know how to find that power. I don’t know where to start." Chen Xiang said. He wanted to find the source of the voice too, but he had already flown through the skies of the forest and had no clues at all.

"Have you been to the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum in the center?" Tang Zhongjie asked.

"I’ve been there, but I haven’t found anything. The Dragon Demons are also searching the area. If they found anything, they would have made a move." Chen Xiang was using his Heaven devouring rat to stare at the entrance of the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, but the Dragon Demon did not discover anything.

Chen Xiang not only used his Heaven devouring rat to keep an eye on the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, there were many places in the forest where Heaven devouring rat were active. Once the Dragon Demon discovered something, he would definitely find out immediately.

"It seems that there really is no way to find it. Since it doesn’t appear on the surface, then it must be hidden underground. This requires a lot of time to find it." Tang Zhongjie said.

"Yes!" Chen Xiang had already ordered a portion of the Heaven devouring rat s to dig into the ground to search, and now he did not plan to go out to look either. As long as he controlled the Heaven devouring rat well, it would be fine.

A few days later, although the Heaven devouring rat could not find the absolute evil spirit, but they did hear a shocking piece of news. He heard a few Dragon Demons discussing a matter called "World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect".

Because their master, the World Defying dragon demon, had been in contact with some people from the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect and seemed to be cooperating with them. Now, the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect was also planning to send people to search for the unique Evil Spirit Force.

When Chen Xiang heard this news, he immediately told Tang Zhongjie!

"Old Tang, do you know this World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect?" Chen Xiang saw that Tang Zhongjie was deep in thought and was secretly surprised.

"Yes, I know that World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect ... Because I am from the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect! " Tang Zhongjie sighed: "I didn’t expect that World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect would actually ... It actually removed the seal! "

Tang Zhongjie actually came from the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect!

"Is the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect very powerful? I heard from those Dragon Demons that even the World Defying dragon demon are very afraid of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect. " Chen Xiang asked quickly.

Yes, the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect is extremely powerful, but it was sealed by a mysterious power. At that time, I was unable to enter the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, nor could I leave the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect. Tang Zhongjie said: "World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor and World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor have also stayed in World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect before, and even World Defying dragon demon and World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor have some relationship with this World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect!"

Tang Zhongjie had previously said that when he came to this forest, the Myriad Tao Mausoleum had not been completed yet. Before that, Tang Zhongjie was already someone from the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect.

"Where is the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect? Why haven’t I heard of it before! " When Chen Xiang was in the Flying Dragon Pagoda, he had never heard of such a powerful existence, nor had he heard of the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor mentioning it.

Not mentioning you, there are many old fellows in the forest who don’t know about this, but only a few of us who came from the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect know about the existence of this World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect. All of us World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect disciples can easily step into the World Defying Stage, but in order to enter the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, we chose to wait here. Tang Zhongjie said: "I wonder how strong the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect will be, if they want to deal with you, you better be careful."

"I’m not afraid of them!" Chen Xiang planned to refine more Wangwo poison Powder, and he had previously used this poison to knock down the Divine Body Venerable Ancestor s.

Tang Zhongjie shook his head: "It’s impossible for you to use Wangwo poison, they must be on guard against you. World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect breaking the seal right now means that they are prepared to do something big! Furthermore, when they were sealed previously, the bottom of the crater had increased a lot of power, so it was not easy for them to deal with them. "

"If they are Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, are they very strong as well?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It must be very strong! Of course, this is mainly reflected in their divine tools, so their defense and attack power should be very strong. " Tang Zhongjie said: "Many years ago, in the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, I saw a type of World Defying artifact that was specially made for the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage.

"In terms of defense or offense, if they were wearing such armor, their defense would increase at least five or even ten times."

Chen Xiang thought about it, the reason why the previous High Priest and the Ghost Emperor, and even the three Divine Body Venerable Ancestor s, were so easily killed by him, was mainly because they did not guard against his Wangwo poison s. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"Who knows, maybe they have a deep understanding of that peerless evil power. It would be bad if they found out about it." Chen Xiang said: "I have to keep an eye on them."

Chen Xiang released even more Heaven devouring rat, this sudden appearance of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect caught him off guard, and it was so mysterious and powerful. What worried him the most was that the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect and the World Defying dragon demon were very close.

"It’s possible that they don’t know, that they are here for the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum now. When I was in the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect back then, there were many legends about the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, and now that the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum is about to open, it wouldn’t be strange for them to appear here since they have already broken the seal." Tang Zhongjie said: "Right now, I’m just worried that they will ally with the World Defying dragon demon."

Chen Xiang sighed, then came to Sun Lingxing’s room. Looking at the sleeping Sun Lingxing, he suddenly had an idea, which was to see if he could communicate with him!

"Go into her Divine Sense Sea and see. Only she knows where that peerless evil energy is!" Chen Xiang covered Sun Lingxing’s forehead with his hand and tried to see if he could enter the depths of her Divine Sense Sea World to search for her soul.