Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang easily entered Sun Lingxing’s Divine Sense Sea World, but he could not find her soul.

Sun Lingxing’s Divine Sense Sea World was extremely simple, it was just an empty patch of white, with nothing at all. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"It’s really big!" At this time, Chen Xiang allowed a strand of his own divine soul to enter Sun Lingxing’s Divine Sense Sea, and quickly flew inside, looking for Sun Lingxing’s soul.

His divine soul have flown for a few hours inside but it is still a vast and white world, without borders and without anything. "

"Could it be that sealing oneself up is like this?" Chen Xiang knew that this was not the way to go it.

"Alright, let’s try another method!" Chen Xiang allowed his complete divine soul to enter Sun Lingxing’s Divine Sense Sea, then he calmed his heart to see if he could sense Sun Lingxing’s soul.

Not long after, he had a feeling.

"Spirit Star, is that you?" Chen Xiang did not know how to describe that inexplicable feeling, but he suddenly felt a kind of gentleness surging over.

"It’s me, it’s me!" Sun Lingxing’s very excited voice floated into Chen Xiang’s mind, but Chen Xiang still hadn’t seen her, so at that time, he would feel like Sun Lingxing was being locked up.

"Lingxing, how are you now? Why can’t you wake up? " Chen Xiang asked quickly.

Just like what Uncle Tang said, once I wake up, I will be devoured by that peerless evil energy. I can hear you talking outside, but I am unable to communicate with you. I have sealed up my body and the Divine Sense Sea, so that peerless evil energy will not be able to sense me. Sun Lingxing said.

"Old Tang’s really amazing. He’s already guessed it." Chen Xiang said: "Then what do we do now?"

"Find the peerless evil force and deal with it. Uncle Tang also said before." Sun Lingxing said: "That’s correct, but you need to be careful, this exceptional Evil Spirit is extremely terrifying, if you find it, accidentally take care of it, once you are targeted, then you will be swallowed by this power, if your body cannot take it, then it will explode."

"How can I find it?" Chen Xiang asked: "Now, a mysterious force called World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect has appeared here, they seem to be searching for this exceptional evil force! And also the Dragon Demons and Forget-me Divine Race, they are very interested in this peerless evil energy. "

"We can’t let them find it, or else the consequences will be very serious." Sun Lingxing said: "Especially World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect! World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect is no longer the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect of before, and after being sealed for billions of years, the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect has long deteriorated. Furthermore, the reason they were sealed was also because they had started to walk the evil path back then. "

"Spirit Star, do you know so much about World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect? Could it be that you already know about your previous life? " Chen Xiang did not expect Sun Lingxing to actually be a World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, this was something even Tang Zhongjie was not clear of.

Tang Zhongjie was outside at that time, and if he wanted to return to World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect was already sealed so it was impossible for him to enter or leave. Thus, he had no choice but to come to this place, as he did not know how the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect was sealed.

"My past life had some sort of relationship with the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, so we can talk about it in the future. Everything can only be done after I enter the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum! In short, for World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect to be able to cultivate guys like the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor and the World Defying dragon demon, they are definitely not good people. " Sun Lingxing said: "I will guide you to search for that exceptional demonic energy, that was condensed from the cultivation of many World Defying Stage s who had retreated for many years."

"Back then, many evil World Defying Stage entered this place in order to enter it, so when their cultivation regressed, they were gathered in the formation beneath the forest."

After the cultivation of the Ghost Emperor and High Priest regressed, their powers were also absorbed by the peerless Evil Spirit Force. Chen Xiang thought that the power would dissipate, but he never expected that it would be condensed.

"Where is the supreme evil force? "After I find it, what do I need to do?" Chen Xiang asked.

"After you find it, use the World Defying god fire to burn it ... I know you can use World Defying god fire. " Although she seemed to be asleep, she could feel everything happening outside. Previously, she had sensed that Chen Xiang was using World Defying god fire to burn something.

"That’s it?" Chen Xiang felt that it was way too easy.

"I need you to use a World Defying Stage Divine Power that is strong enough to activate the World Defying god fire ... You can use the very strong World Defying Stage Divine Power. " Sun Lingxing was also aware that there were three women in Chen Xiang’s You Yao Mountain Villa, and one of them was actually from World Defying Stage. At that time, she was secretly shocked in her heart, as there were not many women in the World Defying Stage, but Chen Xiang had hidden one with him.

Then, Sun Lingxing told Chen Xiang the location of the ultimate evil energy and told him to find it himself.

"It’s actually so deep, and so deep at that!" At this time, Chen Xiang had already arrived at the top of the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, and the peerless evil energy was directly beneath the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum.

The underground palace was very big and was used to set up arrays. It was located very deep in the ground, and if Sun Lingxing hadn’t told him, he definitely wouldn’t have thought that there would be such a huge underground palace at the center of the forest.

The tunnels in the underground palace intersected with one another. These were the keys to this formation. The tunnels were also very strong and very difficult to break through. So, even if one fought in the underground palace, it would be very difficult to move them.

After Chen Xiang arrived here, he looked at the walls of the passageway, searching for the symbol that Sun Lingxing had mentioned. Very quickly, he found it.

"This is a huge maze. If I didn’t have this symbol, I might have to use all of the Heaven devouring rat in order to find it." Chen Xiang followed the symbol and walked very easily, arriving at the center of the underground palace very quickly.

At the center of the underground palace was a small stone house. Chen Xiang was currently standing in front of the door, and he didn’t know how to enter it. He used the White Tiger Leap and wanted to teleport inside, but he did not succeed.

He had already placed Sun Lingxing inside the You Yao Mountain Villa. At this time, he could only enter the You Yao Mountain Villa, and communicate with Sun Lingxing’s Divine Sense Sea, and ask how he was going to enter the small stone hut.

"You can’t enter using the power of space?" Sun Lingxing was also surprised, because she felt that they should be able to enter.

"Yes, what do we do now? "Just one more step!" Chen Xiang was leaning on the stone door, the exceptional Evil Spirit Force was inside.

"What’s that on top of the stone door?" "Like a keyhole or something?" Sun Lingxing asked again.

"Yes, there is indeed a small hole." Chen Xiang said: "Do I need a key? "Where are you going to get the key?"

"This is terrible, if you want to obtain this key, you can only go to the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor, only he will give it to you ..." Of course, there might be people from the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, but we must not let them know that the ultimate evil energy is here or else they will get it. " Sun Lingxing said.