Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was unable to see the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor at all, at most, he could only see the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor’s soul fragments. Where could he go to get the key?

"Key... "Key..." Chen Xiang suddenly thought of something. He had already swallowed the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation before, so the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation was what key it was, but he felt that it was not possible.

Because there were a lot of keys in the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation, could there be that many keys?

Then why did the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor throw these keys everywhere?

Chen Xiang told Sun Lingxing about this matter. "

"Is that the key?" Chen Xiang asked: "Could this even be a key?"

"It’s possible that you want to see if you can condense all the power of that Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation and pour it into that small hole." Sun Lingxing said: "I’ve heard that the key is very special and not something that we’re familiar with, so I think it’s possible that it’s the key!"

"Maybe the key is just a type of power, but the power that the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation has condensed is something that the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor can control."

Chen Xiang nodded: "I’ll try!"

He closed his eyes and concentrated on condensing the power of the Myriad Tao’s Divine Stele. He condensed it in his palm bit by bit, but he was only able to condense a little bit after an hour had passed.

"Let’s give it a try!" He placed the white light mist into the small hole on the stone door, and after entering the small hole, the stone door suddenly moved, causing Chen Xiang to be extremely happy.

He had originally thought that the stone door would open later, but after the stone door moved, there was no movement. This made him very confused.

"Could it be that the power I gathered is not enough? Unable to open this stone door? " Chen Xiang then began to condense the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation’s power again.

Now he was sure that the Myriad Tao Divine Tablets Formation’s power was the key to open the stone door, and he only needed to condense more of that power to open the stone door, and enter, and use the World Defying god fire to burn the ball of Evil Qi.

Chen Xiang condensed for three days and three nights, a large ball of white colored Divine Stele’s power condensed at the center of his palm.

The stone door trembled once again, but unlike before, it only trembled for a second before it stopped. Now that the stone door was shaking continuously, Chen Xiang watched for a while, reached out and opened it, easily opening the door.

The inside of the stone door was pitch black. After he entered, the stone door automatically closed, and a white light suddenly lit up, illuminating the entire stone room.

In the middle of the room was a giant, black bead that released a weak wave of evil energy!

"This is the peerless evil energy?" Chen Xiang looked at the gigantic bead, and was shocked. At this time, he did not feel just how terrifying the evil energy the bead contained, it was not that scary.

"What kind of power is this? Why can’t I feel its terror?" Chen Xiang reached out his hand to touch this huge black bead, wanting to carefully inspect it. But the moment he placed his hand on it, the black bead suddenly shook, and then, a wave of black aura surged out.

Seeing that, Chen Xiang’s face turned pale, he anxiously pulled his hand back, but he felt a berserk evil energy surging through his arm!

The evil energy was invading his body, and it was so sudden, so overbearing. Luckily he had reacted in time, he immediately released the World Defying god fire s into his arms, burning the evil energy that had entered his body.

Only after the momentum of the evil energy was destroyed by the World Defying god fire was Chen Xiang able to pull his hand back. His entire body was drenched in cold sweat, if not for his fast reaction, he would have been swallowed by the evil energy.

"This is too terrifying!" Chen Xiang gasped for breath, his entire body had already collapsed on the ground. Looking at the black ball in front of him, he felt some fear, and did not dare to approach it.

"How deadly!" Chen Xiang had already recovered from his shock at this point of time, and after consuming the World Defying Stage Divine Power Pellet, he released the World Defying god fire to burn.

The World Defying god fire that was released by the World Defying Stage Divine Power was extremely terrifying. Although the flame would not burn him, even he himself felt a little fearful.

The gigantic black ball was burned by the invisible World Defying god fire and waves of white mist leaked out from its surface.

Chen Xiang surprisingly discovered that the white mist was actually an extremely pure World Defying Stage Divine Power!

"Spirit Star, what’s going on? When I used the World Defying god fire to burn the exceptional Evil Spirit Force, I actually purified a very pure World Defying Stage Divine Power. " Chen Xiang anxiously contacted Sun Lingxing.

"This is normal!" Sun Lingxing said: "If you feel that it’s possible, then save those World Defying Stage Divine Power s. It isn’t impossible for you to absorb them yourself, but this might allow you to step into the World Defying Stage.

"If I destroy this ball of exceptional evil power, wouldn’t the enchantment in the forest be destroyed?" Chen Xiang asked, he believed that the array formation beneath the ground was the main reason why the World Defying Stage had to retreat after entering the forest.

"Don’t worry, it won’t affect the forest. Just deal with it as you wish." Sun Lingxing said.

Chen Xiang’s snow-white World Defying Stage Divine Power could not help but absorb it into his body, and then used the body tempering manual within the Myriad Tao Divine Arts to circulate the World Defying Stage Divine Power to refine his own body.

"I can first strengthen my body, and the other Divine Body Venerable Ancestor will do the same." Chen Xiang suddenly planned to cultivate his Primordial Body before condensing the World Defying soul. This would help him become stronger.

Chen Xiang had been burning the unique Evil Spirit Force inside for a few days now, and everything was going smoothly, the group of exceptional Evil Spirit Force had become much smaller.

RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!

Chen Xiang suddenly heard the stone wall trembling, he immediately frowned.

"Could it be that someone is attacking this stone room from the outside?" Chen Xiang was secretly shocked, outside, other than the Forget-me Divine Race and the Dragon Demon, there was also a mysterious World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

The World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect knew a lot of things, maybe they knew that the absolute evil energy was here, so they found this place.

"I wonder if this stone chamber can withstand it!" Chen Xiang looked at the ball of Evil Qi that was shrinking, and felt that he could not stop now, it was not a good thing for the ball of Evil Spirit Qi to fall into someone else’s hands.

"Whatever, they shouldn’t be able to come in!" Chen Xiang felt that this stone room must be extremely sturdy, and not easy to destroy.

Chen Xiang had already absorbed most of the World Defying Stage Divine Power into his body, and then refined a portion of it into a World Defying Stage Divine Power Pellet!

The sound outside did not stop, and after holding on for half a day, it stopped. It could be seen that the people outside had given up, and Chen Xiang was curious, whether they knew he was inside, or else they would not risk their lives to attack him.

"If it’s the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect s, maybe they also have the key!" Chen Xiang suddenly thought back to what Sun Lingxing had said, the people of World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect might have a key, which made him tensed up again, and quickly started to burn that ball of exceptional demonic energy.

Two days later, the peerless evil energy had been burnt and refined by his World Defying god fire. He came to the front of the stone door, thinking about how he could leave this place safely.

Just as he was thinking, the stone door suddenly trembled. This was a sign that it was about to open!