Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was startled, he immediately used the Counter Power to conceal himself, and made himself very, very small and flew atop it.

The stone door slowly opened. The moment a crack appeared, Chen Xiang immediately used that crack to teleport outside.

After arriving outside, he was greatly shocked. There were actually many people outside, such as the Dragon Demons, Forget-me Divine Race, as well as some men, women, and children who were all dressed in gold. Altogether, there were more than a thousand of them!

"Something ran out!" A person suddenly shouted. There were some people with stronger senses here who sensed something and suddenly shouted.

"I also sensed it. It seems to be a person, and he also used Spatial Force."

"It’s Chen Xiang. Only this guy knows how to use the power of space." This dragon demon was actually the Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable. In order to enter this place, the Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable also retreated with his cultivation.

While they were talking, Chen Xiang had already flew out along the tunnel. His speed was extremely fast, and after running a few rounds around the tunnel, he brought a group of people with him as he ran around, and then teleported to the top.

After arriving at the top of the forest, Chen Xiang immediately used his fastest speed to return to Sun Lingxing’s underground palace. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Sun Lingxing had also woken up, she could feel that the ball of evil energy was no longer there, so she woke up without worry.

When she came out of Chen Xiang’s You Yao Mountain Villa, she found out how Chen Xiang had escaped and was terrified, especially when she found out that there were a lot of people from World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect.

"What are the strength levels of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect?" asked. Even though he had seen it before, he did not really feel the strength of their auras, and even if he had sensed them seriously, it would not have been easy to find out just how strong they were.

"I’m not too sure about that right now either. If they had transformed into evil, then their strength would still be very strong. They would have been very strong in the past, but now that they have developed for so many years, they shouldn’t be that weak." Sun Lingxing said.

At this moment, she looked like she had undergone a great change. Her appearance was still beautiful and gentle, but her eyes flickered with wisdom. She no longer looked as innocent as she did before.

"Lingxing, what happened to you in the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum in your previous life? Why are you trapped inside? " Chen Xiang was very curious about this, and asked: "If I enter, will I truly be able to grasp the method to cultivate the Primordial Divine Body?"

Sun Lingxing nodded his head: "Yes, we can, but the first step is to obtain the legacies of the seniors inside, not just anyone!"

Sun Lingxing did not reply her about her previous life, and obviously wanted to avoid her. (TL: UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU))

Chen Xiang did not question him further, and said: "Then how much longer until the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum opens?"

"Around fifteen days. I’m not too sure, but it’s going to be soon. I’ll bring you in when the time comes." Sun Lingxing said: "I am more familiar with the underground palace. With me as the guide, it will be easier for you to go in, at least you won’t get lost.

With Sun Lingxing leading the way, Chen Xiang felt a lot more at ease. Furthermore, he felt that he might be able to find out what Sun Lingxing’s previous life was at that time.

"Spirit Star, I need to refine some Wangwo poison." Chen Xiang now had even more enemies, especially that mysterious World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, which made him feel quite a bit of pressure. Right now, he could only hope that the Wangwo poison would be effective on the people in the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect.

Sun Lingxing had already known that Chen Xiang was a very talented Alchemist. This was information she had gathered while she was in You Yao Mountain Villa, by eavesdropping on their conversation. This allowed her to understand Chen Xiang even more.

At this moment, her beautiful eyes flashed, she looked at the stone door of Chen Xiang’s room, and thought: If he can obtain the inheritance of pill refining, maybe he can become a terrifying guy. The most terrifying inheritance in the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum is not some technique, but the Dan god mystery.

"I hope we can find it when we enter."

Chen Xiang, who was refining a Wangwo poison, didn’t know that there was an inheritance inside the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum that was very suitable for him. Right now, he only knew that he had to seriously prepare to enter, because at that time, he would have an even more terrifying enemy to deal with.

... ....

More than ten days had passed, Chen Xiang originally thought that the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum would open in fifteen days, but he never expected that after only thirteen days, Sun Lingxing would suddenly knock on his door.

"Chen Xiang, it’s starting!" Sun Lingxing shouted: "The World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum’s gate is about to open, do you plan to enter as soon as possible?"

"What’s in it? "If we enter later, won’t it be harmful to us?" Chen Xiang knew that Sun Lingxing was extremely knowledgeable about the inside, so he decided to listen to Sun Lingxing’s opinion.

"If it was in the past, I could answer with absolute certainty, but I don’t know now, the situation inside World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum is definitely not like the one I knew before." Sun Lingxing said: "It’s better if we enter a bit earlier, at least we can’t fall too far behind those guys."

Chen Xiang nodded his head and said, "Then let’s set off right now ... However, if they are also there, we might end up fighting with them. "

Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing were both very good at fighting, but the opponent had too many people, and most of them were very strong. He felt that even if he could win, it would be very tough, when that time came, how could he have the power to enter the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum?

"Don’t be afraid, when the time comes, I’ll see if they dare to fight. Their final goal will still be to enter the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, and they also know that if they fight, both of them will suffer, so they definitely won’t dare to make a move." Sun Lingxing said: "Let’s go!"

Chen Xiang and Tang Zhongjie followed Sun Lingxing and left the underground palace, and just like that, followed behind Sun Lingxing, heading towards the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum!

As they were walking on the road, Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing met some Dragon Demons, but these Dragon Demons actually didn’t attack them. They only looked at them with extreme vigilance, and followed behind them.

Chen Xiang did not plan to make a move, these were all small fries, all of them could be killed in one move, and Sun Lingxing was the same, she felt that there was no need to waste her power on this kind of Dragon Demon.

Very quickly, they arrived outside the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum. There were already many people gathered there.

They seemed to have already agreed that they would not fight against Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing. After all, this was a very critical moment, if they fought, perhaps no one would be able to enter the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum.

"Sure enough, you guys are here." The Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable looked at Chen Xiang and said: "Right now, in order to enter the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, we will not settle our debts with you guys for the time being. After this matter has passed, we will definitely not let you guys off, unless you guys obediently cooperate with us right now."

"Nonsense." Chen Xiang curled his lips: "If you have the guts, then make your move now. Do you think you have the ability to take care of me just because of this matter? You, the dog slave raised by the Dragon and Devil Lord, will always be a dog slave, you will never be able to defeat me! Even your master didn’t come here himself, so it’s obvious that he wanted you servants to die. "