Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang looked at Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable, not showing any fear.

"Yo, it’s all because of Sun Lingxing supporting you, are you not spouting nonsense here? Do you really think you are invincible in this world just by grasping a little bit of the Power of Space? You know, you’re just a normal human. You’re just lucky to be able to grasp some of the power of space. And the people here are all blessed by the Myriad Tao, and born with great power. " The one who spoke was a man dressed in gold, with a proud face and a disdainful tone, he was someone from the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect.

When the golden robed man saw that Chen Xiang did not say a word, he laughed complacently. Just as he was laughing loudly, he suddenly heard a "Pa" sound, and was slapped in the air by Chen Xiang, causing him to fall onto the ground.

Chen Xiang’s palm was very sudden, and very powerful, it was unleashed when Chen Xiang fully activated the World Defying Stage Divine Power in his body, as long as he was not World Defying Stage, it would be hard to resist, not to mention that his opponent would never even dream that Chen Xiang would suddenly slap his face!

Ever since he was young, he had always been high up in the sky. Not to mention slapping him, even shouting at him had never happened before. But now, he was slapped!

"My power of space is nothing special. I can only beat the crap out of others!" Chen Xiang snorted: "You pretentious fellow, I thought you were really powerful, but it looks like you only have a little bit of humanity compared to those dog slaves, in fact, you’re not even fart."

The veins on his face immediately bulged, and balls after balls of golden light shot out from his body, wanting to rush towards Chen Xiang. However, a golden-clothed elderly man quickly pulled him back, and then fiercely glared at him, telling him to calm down immediately.

"Sun Lingxing, did you kill our three Divine Body Venerable Ancestor s?" An old man from the Forget-me Divine Race asked in a deep voice. They had suffered heavy losses from losing three Divine Body Venerable Ancestor s, causing them endless grief and anger.

Forget-me Divine Race also did not expect Sun Lingxing to actually have such strength, which was completely out of their expectations!

They didn’t know that those three Divine Body Venerable Ancestor s were killed by Chen Xiang, and they even fell for the Wangwo poison.

"So what? They came to capture me? Was he thinking of going back alive? Don’t you allow me to kill them? Can I only let them capture me? "You’re too naive. Even if you send ten of them over, they’ll still be dead." Sun Lingxing’s voice was ice-cold and filled with killing intent. The current her was completely different from the Sun Lingxing before, it made people feel fear.

When the old man from the Forget-me Divine Race saw Sun Lingxing, his heart trembled. He could not help but take a few steps back, his expression was filled with fear, causing others to be shocked!

Sun Lingxing did not say that it was Chen Xiang’s doing, but it was also to hide the extremely strong power of Chen Xiang. As long as they kept underestimating Chen Xiang, they would definitely take it lightly when dealing with him.

The Divine Body Venerable Ancestor was very strong, there were four Divine Body Venerable Ancestor s behind the old man. Even the people from the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect thought that the revered ancestors of this level were very powerful, yet Sun Lingxing, a woman, actually killed three of them!

"Sun Lingxing, don’t think that you can deal with our World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect just because you can!" A middle-aged man from the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect said: "So, please be more honest when you enter the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, and don’t force us to take action."

Now that they knew Sun Lingxing was so strong, everyone thought that the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect was afraid of Sun Lingxing, which was why they endured the humiliation.

"You guys are the ones who should behave. From the beginning to the end, aren’t you bastards the ones who are stirring up trouble?" Sun Lingxing’s beautiful eyes swept across the crowd, revealing a cold glint. Just from her eyes, one could see an ancient, limitless killing intent, this kind of aura was enough to stun many people.

Chen Xiang secretly felt that since the last time he had fainted and awakened, Sun Lingxing had indeed become very different, and he seemed to have become a lot stronger. Fortunately, his relationship with Sun Lingxing was not bad, otherwise, it would be difficult for him to enter the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum by himself.

Although Sun Lingxing looked very powerful, she knew that they were currently in a difficult situation. Once the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum was activated, the enchantment around the forest would disappear and if they came out, then the World Defying Stage outside would definitely make a move against them.

Right now, she only hoped that after Chen Xiang and her entered the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, they would be able to enter it. That way, they would have the ability to protect themselves after leaving the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum.

When Chen Xiang refined the unique Evil Spirit Force, he had already absorbed a large amount of World Defying Stage Divine Power s into his body, and had even used the Myriad Tao’s Divine Arts to refine his body. Right now, his body was also extremely terrifying, but others could not see through it.

Even though Tang Zhongjie had not spoken a word since the beginning, Chen Xiang knew that he also had a lot of potential. After all, he was a very ancient fellow, and he was also a disciple of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect at the time. In order to enter the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, he had held back from making a breakthrough.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

A series of sounds suddenly came up, causing the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum’s stone door to shake, everyone’s line of sight immediately converged on the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum. At this moment, everyone was extremely nervous, they all secretly gathered their energy, preparing themselves for other people’s attacks.

At this critical moment, especially the people like the Dragon Demons, they were extremely worried that they would be ambushed, so they guarded against Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing who were behind them.

Everything could be discussed after they enter the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum. If they were to fight outside now, maybe they would not have the chance to go in next, because the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum’s door would only be open for a short period of time.

The first to enter were the people from the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect. They seemed to have a very high status among the Dragon Demons and Forget-me Divine Race, who seemed to be very respectful to them.

Then, the people from the Forget-me Divine Race would go in, and the last one would be the Dragon Demons!

"Let’s go!" Sun Lingxing said: "Wait a moment, be careful... Oh right, Chen Xiang, after you enter, you must immediately give it a try and see if you can use the spatial energy.

Chen Xiang was shocked. If he could not use it, then it would be troublesome!

Chen Xiang, Sun Lingxing and himself also entered the great door of the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum. After entering, it was pitch black inside, but they could feel the other people inside. Right now, everyone was standing in the darkness without moving, because they did not know what was inside.

"Wait!" Sun Lingxing sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang: "There will only be changes here after the door closes."

Sun Lingxing indeed had some understanding of the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, and very quickly, the door closed, and the place lit up. It was unexpectedly a magnificent hall, and what shocked everyone was that in the front of the hall, there was a luxurious golden chair, sitting on it.

The Middle-aged Man in Black Robe smiled, stroked his beard, and laughed: "It’s been so long since I last saw a living person, it’s so delicious!"Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com