Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

No one had expected to see a living person upon entering!

The middle-aged man had a devilish smile on his face as he scanned the crowd, his eyes filled with curiosity. No one knew just how strong he was, because not a single trace of his aura could be detected. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Who is this person?" Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to Sun Lingxing. When he looked at Sun Lingxing, Sun Lingxing had her head lowered, as if she was avoiding the middle-aged man’s gaze. She clearly knew who this middle-aged man was.

Just now, Chen Xiang had tried to enter and could not use the power of space.

"That’s right, I can’t use the power of space. It’s been restricted!"

"A bastard, ignore him. There’s something wrong with this guy’s head!" Looks like it will be much more difficult for us to continue. If you are a bit stronger, you might be able to break through the restrictions on space here. " Sun Lingxing replied. Then, he looked at the lobby, and his gaze landed on a door.

Chen Xiang also looked at the door. Just when he wanted to ask something, Sun Lingxing grabbed Chen Xiang’s hand and sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang: "Let Old Tang enter your You Yao Mountain Villa, I’ll bring you into the depths of World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum."

Chen Xiang and Tang Zhongjie conversed using the sound transmission, and Tang Zhongjie also agreed. He immediately placed Tang Zhongjie inside the You Yao Mountain Villa.

After Sun Lingxing saw that Tang Zhongjie had disappeared, he pulled Chen Xiang along, and in an instant, they flew to the front of the door, opened the door and entered the room.

Everyone was startled, they realised that there were nine doors in the hall, and why Sun Lingxing chose the smallest one, and why it looked like it was very simple and crude.

At this time, some people anxiously followed, because they knew that Sun Lingxing was sealed in the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum in his previous life, maybe Sun Lingxing knew something, and that was why he ran towards that door.

Amongst these people, there were members of the Forget-me Divine Race s and World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect s. They were all old people and it was clear that they had a complete understanding of Sun Lingxing.

However, just as they took a few steps forward, the middle-aged man sitting in the front of the hall suddenly waved his hand. A gust of cold wind blew past, causing those people to shiver in fear.

"You can’t go through that door!" The middle-aged man stroked his beard. "Other than that door, you can go through any other!"

"This... "Why is that?" An old man from the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect asked.

Middle-aged Man in Black Robe looked at the old man, only to see his eyes suddenly flashing, and two rays of white light instantly shot out, penetrating through the old man’s head.

"Because you are not fit to go through that door!" The Middle-aged Man in Black Robe said as he waved his hand. The old man that was killed suddenly flew over and floated in front of Middle-aged Man in Black Robe, turning into a cloud of blood.

After the blood mist entered Middle-aged Man in Black Robe’s body, he praised, "This old fellow’s cultivation is not bad!"

Everyone immediately sweated profusely, all of them breaking out in cold sweat, all of their faces were filled with fear, some of them were so scared that their legs were trembling, Middle-aged Man in Black Robe was a strong World Defying Stage, and their strongest was just Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, they were no match for it!

They had not expected that this middle-aged man would suddenly attack and even directly swallow that person.

"Hurry up and go, or I’ll suck you all dry." Middle-aged Man in Black Robe’s eyes suddenly turned red, it was a scary sight, everyone immediately ran and ran, rushing towards the eight doors.

No one dared to rush towards the fan Sun Lingxing just left behind. Just now, it had been swallowed because of a single question from someone.

... ....

Sun Lingxing brought Chen Xiang to enter through the door and arrived at a bright path.

"Lingxing, what’s going on with that guy outside?" He entered and didn’t stop you! " Chen Xiang was very curious. He thought that Sun Lingxing had a grudge with the Middle-aged Man in Black Robe but who would have thought that it would be so easy to get in.

He owes me a favour in the past, but I really hate him. This guy is very violent, but at times, he’s also very kind. He’s a temperamental guy, and my current strength is not a match for him, so it’s better not to provoke him. Sun Lingxing said. She also slowed down a lot and was extremely vigilant, as if there was some danger to the passage.

Chen Xiang used the Dao heart Eye to look around, and unexpectedly saw two balls of black objects on the two walls of the tunnel. He did not know what it was, and quickly told Sun Lingxing what he saw just now.

"Did you really see it? Up there? Show me! " Sun Lingxing asked anxiously.

Chen Xiang released a small ball of fog of light, allowing it to float onto the wall in front.

"This is the place!"

Sun Lingxing immediately waved his hand and released a white light that smashed onto the ball of light on the wall. A burst of black Qi suddenly exploded out from that spot, and after the black Qi gushed out, it turned into a black python with black thorns all over.

The giant python came out from the wall, spitting out a purple red snake’s tongue and spraying out a burst of purplish black mist. One could tell at a glance that this was a poisonous python infused with poison.

Following which, something black kept appearing from both sides of the passageway. They were poisonous bugs, such as centipedes and scorpions!

The originally bright tunnel was instantly filled with purplish-red poisonous gas. The intense poisonous stench caused one to feel nauseous.

Chen Xiang was unable to use his Spatial Force and release his Spatial Barrier to defend against the poison aura. Originally, he was a little worried, but he felt that the poison would not be able to deal with him.

"My impenetrable physique has finally become useful again." Chen Xiang was secretly happy as he looked at the serious face of Sun Lingxing.

Although she was not poisoned, her expression was extremely solemn, causing Chen Xiang to think that these poisons would be very difficult to deal with.

"World Defying god fire!" Sun Lingxing called out to Chen Xiang softly, "Let’s try and see if there’s any effect. The poison in these substances is the most terrifying."

Chen Xiang pointed his palm in front of him, then activated World Defying Stage Divine Power and activated the World Defying god fire. A burst of energy suddenly surged out, and that was the World Defying god fire, it did not have any color, nor was it visible.

The World Defying god fire was like a transparent dragon shuttling back and forth in the passage. In an instant, all of the poison turned into black powder!

"It’s working!" Sun Lingxing’s expression was still solemn. She raised her hand and unleashed a wave of cold World Defying Stage Divine Power, sealing the four walls of the passageway. The walls were covered in a thick layer of ice, making the passageway look like an ice tunnel, it was extremely beautiful.

"Spirit Star, what are you worried about?" Chen Xiang asked softly, and followed behind Sun Lingxing.

Sun Lingxing’s beautiful face tensed up, as if she was very nervous.

"This passageway can directly lead to a mysterious place. There is a suitable inheritance inside, but this passageway is also very dangerous." Sun Lingxing said.

"What inheritance is suitable for me?" Chen Xiang did not think that Sun Lingxing was doing this for him, which made him feel touched in his heart.

"Dan god mystery!" Just as Sun Lingxing finished saying these four words, the passage suddenly shook, and the frozen ice here was instantly shattered, turning into a white mist and dissipating.