Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was shocked, this sudden force was like a flood that overflowed into the heavens, causing him and Sun Lingxing to retreat!

It was an extremely terrifying World Defying Stage Divine Power. This was the World Defying Stage Divine Power stored in Sun Lingxing’s body, when released, its power would appear to be not the least bit weaker than the one released by the World Defying Stage.

"What is that thing so strong?" Chen Xiang asked, although there was a surge of strong power, he did not see anything. "

Sun Lingxing did not say anything, but walked forward step by step, towards the incoming force. Although it looked like this force was very terrifying, Sun Lingxing could still resist it.

Even though Chen Xiang was behind her, he could only feel a bit of pressure.

Sun Lingxing was the most familiar with the place, so if she did not speak, Chen Xiang would not intervene.

Very quickly, Chen Xiang followed Sun Lingxing to the end of the tunnel. At the end of the tunnel was a black colored cyclone, and the wave of berserk energy was precisely released from this cyclone.

"What’s next?" Chen Xiang asked softly when he saw Sun Lingxing standing in front of the ball of air.

"Wait!" At this time, Sun Lingxing was still releasing her World Defying Stage Divine Power continuously to defend against the energy released by the cyclone.

"Spirit Star, what exactly is the Dan god mystery that you mentioned before?" Chen Xiang was very curious about this. He was a Alchemist, and was very concerned about things related to refining pills, especially things inside the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum.

"It’s something left behind by a senior, but he’s already dead. Right now, we need to go to his mausoleum, and the Dan god mystery is in his mausoleum." Sun Lingxing said: "Generally, places where people are buried are extremely dangerous, so if we want to go there, it won’t be that easy."

It was actually something left behind by a dead person!

This made Chen Xiang feel that this World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum was truly a mausoleum, and a mausoleum of some powerful, unrivaled gods!

"Lingxing, were you here in your previous life? Shouldn’t you first find the mausoleum from your previous life? " Chen Xiang asked. He felt that Sun Lingxing must have died in this place too in his previous life.

"Not for now!" Sun Lingxing said: "The burial ground of my previous life is very strange, it’s not that easy to go to. Even though it’s not as dangerous as this place, it’s not good to go."

Sun Lingxing had already admitted that she was here in her previous life. If she could find it, then she would definitely be able to recover a lot of her strength!

"So that’s how it is! Spirit Star, once you recover your strength, can you beat World Defying dragon demon and Head of Forget-me Race? " Chen Xiang asked again.

"I’m not sure either. I don’t know how much cultivation I can recover back then. If I can recover completely, then dealing with them won’t be a problem at all. I’m afraid that I can only recover a small portion." Sun Lingxing said: "It’s been a very long time, it’s very hard for me to calculate for myself, so you have to break through to World Defying Stage inside, that way we can have more security after we leave."

"I will definitely break through!" Chen Xiang firmly believed that he would be able to do it. He had refined a lot of Heaven and Earth infinite Dan, if not for waiting for the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum to open, he would have left the Primordial Forest a long time ago and cultivated to break through.

Right now, in here, there was no restriction on World Defying Stage, it was just that World Defying Stage was not allowed to enter. The Middle-aged Man in Black Robe that was previously in the great hall, he was World Defying Stage’s, and there was nothing wrong.

The black cyclone at the end suddenly flashed and became white, and then produced an extremely strong suction force, causing Sun Lingxing to immediately pull Chen Xiang and jump in.

After entering, Chen Xiang was secretly shocked, they actually came to a place where the sky was blood-red!

"This place looks terrible." Chen Xiang looked around, everything here was red, although there were many flowers and plants, all of them were blood-red.

Sun Lingxing nodded his head: "This is a place called Blood Berserk, it is a rather terrifying place, if you had more options, some of these would have drilled out at any time, when the time comes your World Defying god fire will directly attack, all the evil beings here are most afraid of World Defying god fire."

"Just how many people are there here ..." For example, the Middle-aged Man in Black Robe outside the great hall. He does not seem to be dead, why is he inside? " Chen Xiang was very curious about that Middle-aged Man in Black Robe.

"He is the only person left alive in the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum. This is extremely painful for him because he cannot be reincarnated, nor can he be reincarnated." Sun Lingxing said: "In the future, he will have to continue guarding here, and alone!"

Chen Xiang suddenly felt that this Middle-aged Man in Black Robe was rather pitiful, to actually suffer such a cruel punishment.

"Spirit Star, when you came here from your previous life, did you not die yet?" Chen Xiang felt that Sun Lingxing must have known this much from staying in World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum for a period of time.

Sun Lingxing only nodded, he did not say anything else. Originally, Chen Xiang wanted to ask about the meaning of the existence of the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, but he felt that Sun Lingxing would not say it the same way Sun Lingxing said.

Just as Chen Xiang was talking with Sun Lingxing earlier, one of his legs was suddenly grabbed, he lowered his head and saw a blood-red hand. This hand had no blood and flesh, it was red and black in color, and was emitting waves after waves of blood red mist.

Chen Xiang’s thigh shook, and the World Defying god fire immediately rushed out. There was only a "chi chi" sound, as if hot iron was dropped into cold water, and Chen Xiang was able to break away from the claw.

After dragging his leg up, he cursed in a low voice, "What the hell is this thing? Why is there such a thing here!"

"The fellows who accompanied them to the grave were said to be the enemies of many of the tomb lords!" Sun Lingxing said: "The World Defying Stage Rankers who were buried here, after they chose to be buried here, their disciples and grandchildren will be responsible for capturing their enemies and then torture them to death here, causing their souls to never die. They will also have to accompany the tomb lords here for the rest of their lives."

"So that’s how it is. No wonder the resentment is so great." Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors, and then, sat on it himself.

Sun Lingxing also went up, and she could immediately tell that the Six Realms mirrors was a good thing.

The Six Realms mirrors was flying rather quickly, because Chen Xiang was using his divine power to activate the array disc inside the Six Realms mirrors, the defensive barrier that was released was very strong, and along the way, they met with many evil beings, but they were all repelled by the defensive barrier.

"It’s right in front!" Sun Lingxing pointed to the front, "That is the Heavenly Cauldron Alchemy Tomb of the Eternal Pill God!" UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

The interior was red, but the small mountain in front of him that looked like a round cauldron emitted a white light. That holy light seemed out of place in this blood-red and demonic environment.

"He looks amazing!" Chen Xiang was already impatient to go over.