Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

In front of him, there was a round cauldron shaped mountain with a green tree and red flowers. It looked very beautiful.

"This kind of expert’s mausoleum is different!" Chen Xiang praised.

"Yes, there are many enemies of this kind of powerhouse. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be able to dye this place red. Before he died, he and his disciples would come here and slaughter all of his enemies." Sun Lingxing said.

"There’s always a sky above the heavens, I never thought that there would be such a vast world with World Defying Stage inside." Chen Xiang said: "I really didn’t expect it before, that it would only be the Divine Wasteland!"

"There were indeed many strong practitioners in the Divine Wasteland back then, but all of them are now lying here!" Sun Lingxing said: "This is mainly because of the depletion of resources, so the later generations of World Defying Stage are getting fewer and fewer, and the strong are mainly concentrated in the Venerable ancestor realm. Back then, in that vast world, although there were many experts from the World Defying Stage, they had also exhausted a large amount of resources!"

"Later on, when these powerhouses died, their bodies returned to the earth and turned back into energy, watering the entire world and allowing it to develop in a balanced manner, this could also be considered a cycle of the Great Dao. Otherwise, even if they wanted to live, they would not be able to resist the laws of the Great Dao at the end, and they would still die in the end." Sun Lingxing sighed, "And next, a new great world will be born. Not long from now, a new batch of powerful World Defying Stage will appear, and this group of World Defying Stage will eventually return to this place!"

Now, Chen Xiang finally understood a little more about the meaning of the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum. It was actually to let the power of the World Defying Stage Ranker return to the myriad Daos, to nourish the life of the Myriad Tao, it was just a cycle!

"Looks like the Myriad Tao is still very mysterious. What kind of existence is he exactly? We exist within the Myriad Tao, but we do not know the true nature of the Myriad Tao. " Chen Xiang said: "Will my final resting place also be here?"

"That may not be so. The main thing is how much power you absorbed from the Myriad Tao! If you absorb too much of the Myriad Tao’s resources from beginning to end, at a certain time, you will know that your time is up. At that time, no matter what happens, you will have to die. Sun Lingxing said: "In the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, all the tomb lords all end up like this!"

"Do not absorb Myriad Tao’s power?" Chen Xiang frowned. He seemed to have thought of something. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"Indeed, cultivating via pill forging is a type of training, but..." Zhang Xuan said. However, as you have seen, the Myriad Tao Dan God’s mausoleum is right in front of us, and he did not succeed. " Sun Lingxing said: "But when I came in the past, I did hear some legends, saying that Myriad Tao Dan God was halfway successful, and that there was some meaning to being half successful, I am also not very clear about it, and this is also the first time I am here."

Chen Xiang immediately thought of his own Crash method. His Crash method was constantly allowing energy to evolve, letting it reproduce, and allowing his energy to exceed its limit. He felt that this could not be considered to be absorbing the power of the Myriad Tao.

He had consumed a lot of these kinds of pills, so maybe he didn’t have much power in the Myriad Tao, but only a few from the pills he had concocted himself. This way, his final destination might not be here, but ... He had reached an unprecedented realm!

Many World Defying Stage s were already executed when they were at their peak. Even if they had potential, they did not have the chance to surpass the last layer of limit. If he was not killed by the Myriad Tao in the end, then he might have a chance to try!

Thinking about it, Chen Xiang’s heart couldn’t help but start beating faster. Of course he didn’t want to die, and right now, compared to many other old fellows, he was relatively young.

"Many people thought that one would be able to live forever after reaching the peak of the Divine level of the World Defying Stage. Actually, that was a mistake, but on the contrary, to reach this realm, is the time one’s life ends. No matter how strong you are, or how strong your body is, you will still be executed by the Myriad Tao." Sun Lingxing looked at the mausoleum that was slowly approaching and coldly said: "To reach the peak of strength, is the moment of death. This is truly ironic!"

Chen Xiang was secretly shocked. This Sun Lingxing had obviously had this kind of experience before, otherwise he wouldn’t have said such words!

"Why?" Chen Xiang asked.

"This is the rule of a myriad of great Daos ..." Otherwise, if you surpass that boundary, then you will have the power to truly destroy tens of thousands of great Daos. Furthermore, if you continue to advance further, it will require a lot of resources, and you will have no choice but to devour tens of thousands of Great Daos. This is one of the self-protection laws set down by tens of thousands of great Daos. Sun Lingxing said, "And no one has ever been able to break through this rule!"

"Unless... Unless, in the process of his cultivation, he does not rely too much on the power of the thousands of great daos, then the tens of thousands of great daos will regard this person as unthreatening. Even if he breaks through the final peak, he will not be a threat to the countless great daos, nor will he be able to devour the thousands of great daos because this person has already found a way to improve without relying on the energy of the tens of thousands of great daos. "

Sun Lingxing raised his head to look at the round cauldron like white mountain, his eyes were full of respect and respect, and said: "And Myriad Tao Dan God almost succeeded, did he really die?"

Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing had already reached the bottom of the hill. There was a barrier in front of them, preventing them from getting any closer.

"How do we get in?" Chen Xiang controlled the Six Realms mirrors to fly around the small hill to check if there were any entrances.

Sun Lingxing did not know either, but she was frowning and thinking deeply.

"It’s very safe here. There’s nothing here." Under the white light’s illumination, Chen Xiang felt extremely comfortable and relaxed as he flew.

After he flew around the mountain twice, a black shadow suddenly flew by and he hurriedly shouted.

"Spirit Star, there’s something ... It seems to be a living person! " Chen Xiang shouted in shock.

Sun Lingxing regained his senses, looked around, and did not see the living being that Chen Xiang was talking about!

"Did you see it wrong?" Sun Lingxing did not sense any aura from before either.

Chen Xiang shook his head. "It’s definitely not that I’m wrong!"

Suddenly, the black shadow appeared again. Furthermore, it was flying right over that small hill. Its speed was extremely fast!

"This guy was outside just a moment ago, and now he actually went in. Does he have a way to go in?" Chen Xiang said.

This time, Sun Lingxing also saw it, so she did not suspect Chen Xiang’s words anymore. Instead, she carefully observed the small mountain and shouted softly, "I am the Divine Maiden of Myriad Stars back then, and have already been reborn. Can you guide me into the Myriad Tao Dan God’s mausoleum? "

For her to be able to reincarnate, it must be something difficult. There were many dead World Defying Stage s in the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, and it was said that they were fighting tooth and nail for the chance to be reborn, but in the end, they only obtained a few, and Sun Lingxing was one of them.