Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 300 - Lian Yingxiao

------------

While looking at Chen Xiang’s proud appearance, Gu Dongchen secretly complained in his heart. Last time, Chen Xiang had sold him forty Building Foundation Dans, that was the first time Gu Dongchen had ever bought so many at once. Before, he was only able to buy one or a few dans, that was why he was sure Chen Xiang was in possession of many ingredients for refining the Building Foundation Dans.

As the Dean of the Extreme Martial Sect, the development of the Extreme Martial Sect was his most important responsibility. And, in order to quickly elevate the strength of his sect’s disciples, dans were a necessity. Even though there were a lot of Extreme Martial Sect disciples, the True Martial Realm martial artists were extremely scarce. If he had a large number of Building Foundation Dans, in a short span of time, it would become possible for the 10th level Mortal Martial Realm martial artists with potential to advance into the True Martial Realm.

"Young Martial Uncle, do you still have Building Foundation Dans?" Gu Dongchen asked.

"I don’t have anymore, wait for me to look for you again." Chen Xiang had them without a doubt, but there were not many in his hands, moreover, if he sold them to Gu Dongchen now, he would not get a higher price.

"Lian Yingxiao and his son are coming, he is definitely going to show off." Wu Kaiming suddenly spoke. At this time, Chen Xiang also felt Lian Yingxiao’s aura coming over.

Before, Chen Xiang was sure Lian Mingdong and Ling Yingxiao had some relation, they were most likely father and son. But now that he heard Ling Yingxiao was coming with his son, he could not help but be a little surprised.

"Who is his son? Is he formidable?" Chen Xiang asked.

"An alchemist at the 5th level of the True Martial Realm, he is not low-key like his father, On the contrary, he is an arrogant guy born from Lian Yingxiao’s 7th wife a hundred years ago. Among the numerous sons and daughters of Lian Yingxiao, he can be considered to have excellent qualifications." Gu Dongchen immediately replied.

Chen Xiang was surprised, "How many women does Lian Yingxiao have in the end? He’s actually able to walk with his son, yet you two are actually still bachelors! Too useless, even your Martial Uncle have a wife."

It seemed that this gentle and courteous Lian Yingxiao actually have so many women. Chen Xiang now suspected that Lian Mingdong might not have received much attention in the Lotus Island. But Lian Mingdong’s character was very similar to Liang Yingxiao, it was quite clear that Lian Mingdong had inherited more of his father’s blood.

"Lian Yingxiao have tens of women, however, now only nine are left. The others have not died, but they actually had illicit affairs with someone else and ran away with them!" Gu Dongchen laughingly said, "Young Martial Uncle, you can’t look down upon me. My woman is just no longer in the Chenwu Mainland, that’s all. She’s in another mainland at the moment, and it might take some time for her to come."

The other mainlands were all far away beyond the sea, Chen Xiang also wanted to have an opportunity to travel to those places. He looked at Wu Kaiming, then asked while laughing, "Little baldy, what about you?"

Wu Kaiming pursed his lips and said, "I’m only an old man, who is going to look at me?"

Lian Yingxiao arrived with a handsome and proud man, who had sword-like eyebrows and star-like bright eyes; this man was precisely the favorite son of Lian Yingxiao, named Lian Changyun.

Lian Yingxiao has really treasured his son enough to point where he didn’t send him to the Southern Wasteland. Chen Xiang gave a dismissive glance at Lian Changyun, then respectfully saluted towards Lian Yingxiao.

"Changyun, this is the top youngest expert of the Extreme Martial Sect, as well as the top youngest alchemist, Chen Xiang! You must have heard of his name, come and greet him." Lian Yingxiao smiled and said.

Chen Xiang’s reputation was very great, in the entire Chenwu Mainland, most of the martial artists had heard of him, and he was truly worthy of the title, the teenage genius. Lian Changyun was secretly envious of Chen Xiang though, he was known for relying on his father, while Chen Xiang relied on no one. Not only did Chen Xiang had an astounding reputation, he had also obtained the favor of Xue Xianxian from the Divine Weapon Heavenly Empire, becoming husband and wife, this was what made Lian Changyun most envious.

Lian Changyun had inherited his father’s romantic character. Once he had paid a visit to the Divine Weapon Heavenly Empire with Lian Yingxiao, and at that time, he had seen Xue Xianxian. He very much desired to have such a fairy-like girl, but he didn’t expect that she was already engaged to Chen Xiang.

Although it was the first time Lian Changyun met Chen Xiang, he very much hated Chen Xiang, However, in order to not lose his father’s face, he politely greeted.

"Chen Xiang, I heard you like to gamble. Whether it’s fighting or alchemy, are you willing to gamble with me? We can decide who is going to win and lose in the alchemy tournament?" Lian Changyun asked. Although a smile was hanging upon his face, his tone was full of provocation.

Chen Xiang shook his head, which in turn caused Lian Changyun’s complexion to change, "Could it be that you’re looking down on me?"

Since it was just a battle of words between youths, Gu Dongchen and the others did not meddle in the slightest, they were just at the side, watching the good show that was unfolding. When Lian Yingxiao heard Chen Xiang’s refusal, he felt very uncomfortable in his heart. Last time, he had given Chen Xiang a White Jade Lotus Seed, and now he was actually not giving him face.

"Are you afraid I can’t afford to bet with you? How about I bet a White Jade Lotus Seed with you?" Lian Changyun dismissively said with a look of pride, as though possessing the White Jade Lotus Seed was very amazing.

Lian Yingxiao had not spoken of the matters that had occurred in the Southern Wasteland, and he had even ordered others that they could not speak of it, that was why Lian Changyun wasn’t aware of anything.

"Brat, isn’t it better to give a little bit of face? That is the White Jade Lotus Seed we’re talking about, if you can’t afford to follow up, I and junior brother can help you." Gu Dongchen also didn’t know what was wrong with Chen Xiang; Chen Xiang had actually refused to take such a big gamble! Gu Dongchen also didn’t want Lian Yingxiao to hate Chen Xiang. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Chen Xiang sighed in his heart and kindly asked, "Brother Lian, what level of alchemy tournament are you going to participate?"

"Naturally the middle-rank. For my age, participating in the middle-rank tournament is already good! You are also an outstanding young alchemist, how about you and me compete?" Lian Changyun replied, he very much wanted to defeat Chen Xiang, and it was clearly implied from his tone.

Chen Xiang wryly smiled and said, "I’m afraid I will have to disappoint Brother Lian, it’s not that I do not want to compete with Brother Lian in the alchemy tournament, it’s just... it’s just that little brother is going to be participating in the high-rank tournament!"

High-rank tournament! Gu Dongchen, Wu Kaiming and Lian Yingxiao, all three of them, were suddenly surprised. Only a 5th or 6th level alchemist could participate in the high-rank tournament. In other words, was Chen Xiang already a 5th level alchemist?

"Impossible! Chen Xiang, do not refuse my challenge with this kind of reason. At the very least, a 5th level alchemist must be able to refine three kinds of low-grade profound level dans. Just to be successful in one kind, countless number of herbs are needed for practice. If it’s for three kinds of dans, it will be even more difficult. How can you be able to refine three kinds of low-grade profound level dan at twenty or so years of age? My teacher is considered to be a genius, yet it had taken him two hundred years to become a 5th level Alchemist." Lian Changyun furiously shouted.

"Oh!" Chen Xiang exclaimed, then he took out a piece of jade card. On the jade card, there were five light golden lines, and this was precisely the proof of being a low 5th level Alchemist. On it, Chen Xiang’s name was also written, and on its back, some words had been carved in blood; they were the signatures of the examining alchemists.

Gu Dongchen was the first one to grab it to look, seeing the four signatures, he frowned while saying, "Unexpectedly, you were personally examined by Hua Xiangyue. As far as I know, Hua Xiangyue is an 8th level Alchemist, and the other three alchemists are also rather famous, all of them had once helped me refine dans, this jade card should not be fake."

Lian Yingxiao was stunned. Lian Changyun’s face had also turned red, just a moment ago, he claimed Chen Xiang was lying to him, yet Chen Xiang had taken out the most indisputable proof. At this moment, Lian Changyun couldn’t wait to drill a hole on the ground and bury his head in shame, at the same time, his hatred for Chen Xiang had increased even more.

Lian Yingxiao took the jade card from Gu Dongchen’s hand. From one glance, he knew that it was true, even he didn’t expect that Chen Xiang actually had such a monstrous talent; Chen Xiang was not even thirty years old, yet he was already a 5th level Alchemist!

A translated work of Xianxiaworld