Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was wary of his surroundings, he was afraid that the black figure would be hostile, and would suddenly attack them. By now, they were already atop the Six Realms mirrors, and the protective shield released by the Six Realms mirrors could protect them.

The black figure suddenly appeared again, just before they flew past each other. Earlier, this black shadow was still inside the Heavenly Cauldron Pill Tomb, which was also the barrier. However, when he was flying just now, he was outside.

"Are you really the Myriad Star Goddess? I don’t think so. My strength is too weak! " A voice rang out. It was the voice of a man, with a tone of contempt, as if it was very disdainful. "

Sun Lingxing knew that her cultivation was currently very low, but she did not care about how much that person looked down upon her, and only indifferently said: "That is also something that cannot be helped, it is extremely difficult for me to enter the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum from the outside, I cannot enter with my cultivation, you should know about this, right? When I entered the Primrose Forest, my cultivation had already regressed. " Sun Lingxing said.

"Are you willing to enter?" That person was a bit shocked and could not believe it either, because many people were unwilling to let their cultivation regress after so much effort.

"What is there to be reluctant about?" Sun Lingxing laughed faintly: "Now you can let us in, right? "As far as I know, any human who comes here can enter the Heavenly Cauldron Pill Tomb!"

Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing were shocked that there was suddenly a living person, but this person was still very strong, and it seemed like he was protecting the Heavenly Cauldron Pill Tomb.

"You can come in, but after you come in, it’s very likely that you won’t be able to leave." The voice said, "Have you made your decision yet? Otherwise, don’t blame me for not reminding them when the time comes. "

Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing looked at each other. After entering, they were unable to come out, which made them a little unwilling in their hearts. They did not want to stay in there forever.

"Why can’t I get out?" Sun Lingxing asked.

"You are here for the Myriad Tao Dan God’s Dan god mystery, right? After letting you in, you can only leave after obtaining the Dan god mystery! In other words, it would not be so easy for you all to obtain the Dan god mystery after entering, because we, the disciples and disciples, have yet to find it. "

This person was actually Myriad Tao Dan God’s disciple, no wonder he could be here!

"At first, we decided to follow the old man into this place to accompany him, and the Patriarch told us that we could only leave this place after obtaining his Dan god mystery. "Therefore, you must make a decision. If you are unable to leave, you will have to live a very difficult life here."

The Heaven Cauldron Pill Tomb seemed like a small mountain, but hearing this person’s words, everyone felt as if there were a lot of people inside.

"How is it? Do you want to go in? " Sun Lingxing was looking for’s opinion right now, because she brought Chen Xiang here for the sake of obtaining the Dan god mystery. She just did not expect it to happen in such a way.

was also considering, the Dan god mystery was indeed very important, because it could allow his pill refining skills to go a step further, and might even allow him to surpass a limit that no one else could.

However, there was a huge risk that he wouldn’t be able to exit after entering!

Chen Xiang needed to think carefully about this!

"Enter!" Chen Xiang decided to enter. He believed that he would definitely have a way to find the Dan god mystery since he had many Heaven devouring rat in his possession. This would help him in his search for the Dan god mystery.

Sun Lingxing nodded his head, "We have decided to enter!" No matter what decision Chen Xiang made, she would not oppose it. The reason she came here was to help Chen Xiang, to make him stronger.

She knew about Chen Xiang’s pill refining potential. Only by letting Chen Xiang cultivate the Dan god mystery would he be able to reach the pinnacle of his pill refining skills.

Sun Lingxing and Chen Xiang decided to enter the Heavenly Cauldron Pill Tomb at the end. The voice let out a cold laugh, "That’s fine, if you can’t find the Dan god mystery, then stay inside with us. After all, many of us have never seen an outsider before."

It was only the first time World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum had opened it, so it was normal that they did not meet any outsiders!

A hole suddenly appeared in the barrier that had enveloped the small mountain. That person shouted, "You can come in now. Of course, there’s still time to regret!"

Chen Xiang and Chen Xiang had already decided, so there was nothing to regret. The two of them quickly walked towards the entrance and stepped into the barrier. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

The moment they went in, the entrance closed automatically. They knew that if they were unable to find the Dan god mystery, they would not be able to come out, so he had to find it!

Especially for Chen Xiang, he felt the greatest pressure. If he was unable to leave the place, and if something were to happen to the Natural Law World, he would not be able to save her.

Sun Lingxing didn’t have anything to do with it, since she was already used to living here, she could only stay here for a little longer.

"I thought that only the guy in the lobby was the only person alive here. I didn’t expect that there would be so many of them." After Sun Lingxing entered the enchantment, he sensed the aura of living people.

Chen Xiang also sensed it, and said while nodding: "It’s on the ground. It seems like the Myriad Tao Dan God’s mausoleum is right underneath here.

Just as Chen Xiang had thought, not long after he and Sun Lingxing had entered, he saw a stone door suddenly appear on the ground in front of them. The stone door was opened, and indicated for them to enter.

Although they had entered the barrier, they did not go near the small mountain and directly entered the passage to the underground palace.

Very quickly, Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing arrived at the underground palace. Inside, there was actually a small town with a few thousand people.

The people here seemed to already know that outsiders were coming in. At this moment, they were all waiting at the entrance. They wanted to see what the people outside looked like.

As a result, after Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing entered, they were immediately enveloped by the crowd’s gaze that was as if they were looking at a rare animal.

Chen Xiang could sense that the people here were not weak, they were all extremely strong. He took a look at the sky above this place, and saw that there was actually a bright and beautiful sunlight and a blue sky above.

However, they were also trapped inside. They could not leave unless they obtained the Dan god mystery.

"This is a foreign human! It wasn’t that powerful! "Especially that guy. He looks pretty good, but why doesn’t he give off a strong feeling?" An elder stared at Chen Xiang and asked curiously: "Could it be that the humans outside are getting weaker and weaker? Is there a growing shortage of resources? "

Chen Xiang had hidden most of his presence at this time, so he looked weak. He did not mind this point, as he had come here to search for the Dan god mystery.

Until now, Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing had not seen the black shadow outside. When they came to this small town, they had a strange feeling being surrounded and watched.