Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Sun Lingxing looked around, pulled Chen Xiang along, and quickly walked through the crowd towards the front.

At the end of the street, there was a forest. There did not seem to be any buildings, and the people here all looked unfriendly, so Sun Lingxing did not wish to be watched by them for too long.

"These guys are sitting in the well, watching the sky!" After Sun Lingxing brought Chen Xiang into the forest, he humphed lowly, "It’s just that they don’t have the experience, no wonder they were trapped in this place their entire lives, and it definitely won’t be long before we can leave."

Sun Lingxing seemed to be very confident about this.

"Do you have any leads?" Sun Lingxing asked: "Do you feel that this place is strange?"

"No!" Chen Xiang shook his head: "After I came here, I just felt that the people here were all very strong, and most of them could concoct pills. They all had a faint smell of medicinal herbs, and every family had a medicinal field.

When Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing were walking down the street, he saw that the houses inside were all around the same size. Even though there was a wall, he had released a few Heaven devouring rat s to check and found that there were many fields of medicine inside the wall.

"I wonder what their alchemy standard is." Chen Xiang said: "I keep having the feeling that everyone here should know a little about Dan god mystery, it’s just that it’s not the most complete copy of Myriad Tao Dan God."

The people inside were all the disciples and juniors of the Myriad Tao Dan God. He was sure that the Myriad Tao Dan God had definitely passed them down to his disciples, and that his disciples had definitely passed them down to his juniors or descendants.

"Then what exactly is inside the Dan god mystery? If everyone here knows, why can’t he leave this place? " Sun Lingxing asked. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

As for what kind of comprehension it is, I’m not too clear. In short, it’s extremely important, because not everyone can comprehend the Dao of alchemy, especially the kind of comprehension that Myriad Tao Dan God has towards the end of the dao. "Yun Che’s eyes narrowed. Chen Xiang said: "That should be the real Dan god mystery."

"How can I find it?" Sun Lingxing did not know much about refining pills, but seeing that Chen Xiang had mentioned such a profound thing, she suddenly felt that Chen Xiang was very powerful.

"I don’t think there’s a need to look for it, but rather, I should know how to obtain it!" Chen Xiang laughed: "All we need to do is to find out where Myriad Tao Dan God is located, we just don’t know where he is buried."

"You mean, it’s on Myriad Tao Dan God?" Sun Lingxing saw that there were clues, and secretly rejoiced in his heart. This way, they wouldn’t have to stay here for too long.

"It should be. The Dan god mystery is so important, so it must be him." Chen Xiang said: "Now, we will go and find out if there are any other clues regarding the Myriad Tao Pill."

Sun Lingxing nodded: "Let’s go to the small town to take a look!"

Chen Xiang and Chen Xiang came to the little town. Because they were strangers, many people left them and did not dare to approach them. Furthermore, most of the people here were very cold and indifferent, unwilling to approach them.

Sun Lingxing took the initiative to approach the few of them, but those people immediately avoided them, or said nothing at all.

Chen Xiang himself did not try to do so, let alone a beautiful woman like Sun Lingxing.

"These guys!" Seeing that the entire street had become empty, Sun Lingxing was angry, she snorted, and stomped her feet.

Chen Xiang laughed, "Don’t worry, there will definitely be a way ... As long as these guys are still human, then they have a weakness. We just need to use a little trick to solve it! "

"What can you do? Why didn’t you say so earlier? Sun Lingxing scoffed.

"The reason why these people treat us like this is mainly because we are unfamiliar with them. They also think that we are very weak and can’t bring them any benefits ... They are all very arrogant, after all they are the disciples and grandchildren of the Myriad Tao Dan God. Chen Xiang laughed: "To deal with such a person, the best way is to tempt him. This is a very useful method in many situations!"

"What can you use to tempt them? The Dao crystal? They do not seem to need it, and this place is extremely strange. Their house has a huge array inside that can gather a large amount of Myriad Tao’s power, allowing them to grow medicinal herbs. They do not need Dao crystal as the energy source for the formation. " Sun Lingxing had thought about it before, but felt that it wouldn’t work, because they didn’t have enough profits to move the hearts of the people here.

Sun Lingxing sighed lightly: "They do indeed have the right to be proud, after all, they are all descendants of the Myriad Tao Dan God, have unparalleled pill techniques, and have a large number of precious herbs. The Heaven Defying Formation that has already planted the herbs basically doesn’t lack anything!"

"Although the people here all look very strong, but ..." There aren’t many in their World Defying Stage, and most of them are just at the peak of the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage. " Chen Xiang said: "There might be a portion that has the strength of the Divine Body Venerable Ancestor, but most of the people here are not far from the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage outside." Chen Xiang said: "So, they did not have any pellet that would allow them to step into the World Defying Stage."

"You ... Do you really have one? " Sun Lingxing knew that there was a World Defying Stage girl in Chen Xiang’s You Yao Mountain Villa, and she did not ask about the relationship between the girls and Chen Xiang. Hearing Chen Xiang’s tone now, she suddenly felt that the woman was able to step into the World Defying Stage as if she had eaten his divine pellet to achieve a breakthrough.

"Yes, but it will take a lot. I only need a few pills and it will be enough for us to know what we want to know. Right now, we only need to find someone who has a better attitude." Chen Xiang said: "Let’s continue wandering around here!"

Sun Lingxing did not think that it would actually exist, and this made her suddenly moved. She wanted to enter World Defying Stage as well, because she wasn’t very confident that she would be able to recover the strength of her previous life.

"Alright!" Sun Lingxing nodded, knowing that Chen Xiang could concoct pills to allow people to enter World Defying Stage, she immediately felt reverence towards him, and the way she looked at him was a little different.

After strolling around for a long time, they finally met an old man who was walking very slowly. This old man had a head full of white hair, and although there were only a few wrinkles on his face, he gave off a very old feeling.

There was no light in the old man’s eyes, it was gray in colour, as if the flames of his life had burned to the end. Thus, even though he knew that Chen Xiang and Chen Xiang were outsiders, he did not have any other emotions.

No matter how arrogant he was, no matter how strong he was, he was currently just an old man whose lifespan was about to run out. On the other hand, Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing were two youths with vigorous lives, so how could he dare to look down on them?