Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang felt that even if he did not gift the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan to the old man, the old man would have told them many things!

When they saw this old man, their reactions were the same as when they saw Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing. Their faces were filled with disgust and disgust, after all, this old man was about to die, to them, he was just a weakling, and because they could not break through, they would die of old age.

"Old senior, can I come to your house for a visit?" Chen Xiang anxiously walked over and smiled, and asked politely.

The old man slowly raised his head, looked Chen Xiang up and down, and then slowly said: "Welcome!"

It could be seen how old he was right now. With a glance, one could tell that the reason why Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing were in such a predicament, was because they did not understand it, and wanted to ask this old fellow about it.

Seeing how Chen Xiang’s attitude was so good, the old man was very happy. After all, it had been a very long time since anyone was this polite to him.

After which, Sun Lingxing and Sun Lingxing followed the old man to a very remote, old and worn out hut.

After Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing left the small town, many people came out to discuss. They did not think that this foreign person would actually pay attention to an old man who was about to die.

The people here were strongly against the old man who was on the verge of death. Even though they knew that they would do the same in the future, they still would not approach him.

"The World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum has already opened!" The old man chuckled, "Looks like a new reincarnation is about to begin. It’s not easy for me to live till now, I remember that I have seen Myriad Tao Dan God before, but unfortunately, I have yet to comprehend his profound Dan god mystery."

The old man seemed to have seen through everything, he was no longer afraid of death, it was just that it was a pity, a pity that he was unable to comprehend the profoundness of the Dan god mystery.

"If you have anything to ask, ask away. I will tell you! After all, you all have blood and flesh, and are much better than those guys. " The old man couldn’t help but sigh.

"Senior, the people of the same generation as you have left?" Sun Lingxing asked: "Based on my understanding of the disciples in Myriad Tao Dan God, they shouldn’t be like this!"

"I’m the only one left. It’s also because I’m from the oldest generation and am unable to step into the World Defying Stage that they look down on me so much." The old man brought up this matter with sorrow: "Some of the younger generation are truly powerful, to be able to step into the World Defying Stage ... Of course, there are only a few, and most of them have no hope of breaking through.

However, she did not say it out loud. After all, she no longer had the cultivation that she had back then, so there was no use in saying it out loud.

"Lost in what way?" Chen Xiang was very curious about this and asked immediately. He also felt that it was strange, after all these years, the Pill God Clan that had such superior conditions should only have a few World Defying Stage s.

Of course, Chen Xiang did not know how difficult it was to enter the World Defying Stage, which was why he had such a thought! F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

There were World Defying Stage s in the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, but not many! Although there were Dragon Demons, they used unorthodox methods to advance, so they could not be considered a real World Defying Stage. And there were only a few Forget-me Divine Race s, none of them were very strong.

Chen Xiang had never experienced it himself, and adding the fact that he had already refined a divine pellet, such as a Heaven and Earth infinite Dan, that would allow him to make a breakthrough, he would not have that kind of experience in the future.

"In order to not get killed by the Myriad Tao, they all chose to rely on eating pills to raise their cultivation. Although this path is the right one, they went astray when they walked, which resulted in such a huge change in their personalities." The old man said, "Firstly, their improvement speed can be said to be extremely fast. In a short period of time, they will be able to reach the peak of the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, so they have long looked down on old trash like me."

"Senior, do you know where the Myriad Tao Dan God is buried?" Chen Xiang asked, this was what he was most concerned about, "When we first entered, we were told that if we were unable to find the Dan god mystery, then we were unable to leave.

"That’s right, we have mastered Dan god mystery, but we are not able to master the most important part, it requires us to comprehend it first." The old man said: "Only a few that have comprehended a little will be able to make a huge progress during pill refining. Then, through consuming the pills that they concoct, they will be able to step into the World Defying Stage!"

"Oh? Doesn’t that mean someone can refine a divine pill to allow someone to enter the World Defying Stage? " Chen Xiang was shocked, and anxiously asked.

"Yes, but that requires a lot. They would definitely not refine it for an old piece of trash like me." The old man shook his head: "Of course, even their loved ones would not be able to eat their pills, they are all very selfish people, the moment they enter the World Defying Stage, they would immediately break away from their loved ones, if not they would have to refine a large number of pills for their loved ones to break through, which would take many years, and a lot of energy."

Seeing the old man’s current expression, Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing could guess that this old man had definitely experienced something like this before.

"My son has entered the World Defying Stage!" The elder let out a long sigh, "It has been many years since I last saw him. He would rather cultivate other youngsters than pay attention to me!"

The old man looked at Chen Xiang and said: "You want to go to the Myriad Tao Dan God’s mausoleum? You want to learn Dan god mystery? "

Chen Xiang nodded.

"I’ll pass the Dan god mystery to you now!" The old man took out a book and said: "The Dan god mystery are already inside. After you learn it, I’ll bring you to see Myriad Tao Dan God’s tomb."

Chen Xiang took the Dan god mystery and looked at it, and could not help but frown, the mental cultivation method and the Myriad Tao Divine Arts actually had some similarities, but there were also many differences, some even going in the opposite direction.

"Senior, this is your little gift that I expressed my thanks to. See if it’s useful or not." Chen Xiang had already obtained the Dan god mystery, and he felt that it was very useful to him, so he gave ten Heaven and Earth infinite Dan to the old man.

The Heaven and Earth infinite Dan was given to him by the Half-ghost Old Man, it was a unique inheritance within the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. Even to this day, he did not know who the Half-ghost Old Man was, but he still felt that it was extremely mysterious.

Of course, there was also his World Defying god fire s, which were also extremely terrifying existences. Even Sun Lingxing, the Myriad Star Goddess, found it hard to believe that Chen Xiang could actually learn to use these flames.

"This... "What pill is this?" After all, the old man had been concocting pills for many years. Lust. The Spirit Dao Pill had been around for many years, he knew that the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan was different from the others when he saw it, and his hands could not help but tremble a little.