Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The quality of the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan that Chen Xiang refined was very high, he had used the Crash method to refine multiple times, and the Crash method was something that he comprehended by himself, no one else knew.

Refining Heaven and Earth infinite Dan was still very difficult, and Chen Xiang only succeeded because he knew many different methods. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Senior, try and see if this will help you right now!" Chen Xiang laughed, the old man is a good person, he told them so many things and even brought them to the Myriad Tao Dan God’s mausoleum, he is very different from the cold and detached people here. "

"It will definitely be useful!" The old man seemed to be able to tell at a glance how much the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan had helped him.

At this time, Sun Lingxing was also very curious about whether this kind of pellet was really useful. She tugged at Chen Xiang’s sleeve and said softly: "Give me one too, I want to give it a try!"

When Sun Lingxing took one out and held it in her hand, she indeed felt that it was different from the rest, because the quality of this pellet was very high, it was vastly different from the pellets she had seen before. Especially when she felt the vast and boundless energy within the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan, she couldn’t help but be shocked, as if she was holding a ball of pure energy in her hand.

Now she understood why the old man was so sure that this pill would work on him. Sun Lingxing felt the same way.

After she ate it, she very quickly felt the greatest benefit of this pill. Especially not long after she ate it, this pill released a very strong burst of Myriad Tao energy that was nourishing her body and the Divine Sense Sea.

The Heaven and Earth infinite Dan had been refined using many Crash techniques and had already developed a Spirit God, so after eating it, it would quickly refine itself. There was no need for him to refine it himself, all he needed to do was to guide the energy himself.

"He really is powerful!" Sun Lingxing could not help but exclaim in surprise. No matter how she thought about it, she could not understand why such a profound and vigorous Myriad Tao’s power would be contained inside a tiny pellet. She was very sure that if there were enough of these Heaven and Earth infinite Dan, she would be able to break through to World Defying Stage.

"Senior, we just want to go take a look at that mausoleum. Can we go now?" Chen Xiang asked. He had only obtained the Dan god mystery, he had not gone to learn it.

Chen Xiang planned to go to the mausoleum first to see if he could find the legacies left behind by the Myriad Tao Dan God and if he could obtain the Myriad Tao Dan God’s insights into the Dan god mystery. If he could obtain it, then he would learn the Dan god mystery again with twice the results and half the effort.

"Of course you can, but you will have to wait for two days!" The old man said in a deep voice, "Recently, there have been some fellows inspecting the place. They want to find something inside as well." We should be leaving in two days.

Chen Xiang felt it was a little strange, and asked: "Why would there suddenly be people going there? After all, you have been here for so long, you must have already searched for it.

The elder shook his head, "No, that place has already become extremely dilapidated. However, no one has ever been able to find anything there before. This is the old ancestor’s mausoleum, but in order to have a breakthrough, everyone almost did not dig the mausoleum. Fortunately, the mausoleum itself also has a defensive formation, or else it would really have been dug out. "

"To think that something like this would happen. Isn’t this too disrespectful to the Old Ancestor?" Sun Lingxing was very surprised. She thought that the people here would worship the Myriad Tao Dan God very much.

"Sigh... That’s how those guys are. In order to achieve their goals, no matter what methods they use, Myriad Tao Dan God is indeed worthy of respect, but in the eyes of many people, they are just corpses. To be able to find something useful to them from his mausoleum would make them happy. " The old man shook his head helplessly.

After that, Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing chatted with the old man for a while longer. Sun Lingxing asked Xu Du about the things related to the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, although she knew a little about it, she still had some things that she did not know about, especially some things related to the Myriad Tao Dan God.

The old man’s name was Fang Haoyun, he was the oldest person here, he did not have much lifespan left.

But now, Chen Xiang had given him some Heaven and Earth infinite Dan, which made him extremely happy, because he felt that he had hope. Once he broke through, he would be able to live for a longer time, and might even continue to break through in the future.

There were still two days before he could go to Myriad Tao Dan God’s mausoleum, and Fang Haoyun had also eaten his Heaven and Earth infinite Dan s in these two days. He had only eaten two pellets, and after cultivating for two days, he walked out of the room with great vigor.

"We can start now. I hope we don’t run into those guys." Fang Haoyun seemed to really hate those fellows, and the people he spoke of were just a small force that belonged to his son.

His son was able to break through to World Defying Stage and even accepted many disciples. Of course, he didn’t take those people as true disciples. He only accepted them to help him with his work, and he didn’t usually guide them.

When Fang Haoyun brought Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing out the door, he saw a few black-clothed men blocking their way. They had their arms crossed and fierce expressions on their faces.

They were all very strong, and when they were facing them, Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing felt like they were facing Divine Body Venerable Ancestor, so when they saw them, they immediately became alert.

"Geezer, you took these two in?" A leading black-clothed man asked. From the tone of his voice, it was obvious that these people were very arrogant.

"Yes, they are all my friends. I let them stay in my shitty house for the time being. Is that alright?" Fang Haoyun said, he was also a bit worried that these people were here to cause trouble, but he was not afraid, if they were to make things difficult for Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing, even if he had to put his life on the line, he would not let them off.

Fang Haoyun had already told Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing before, that he originally had the largest mansion here, but because he was growing older, more and more people began to despise him, and then chased him out of that largest mansion.

That house was currently occupied by his son. Back then, when Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing heard that he had a son, they were extremely angry. His son was now in the World Defying Stage, and was one of the few strong warriors there.

The people in front of him also seemed like his sons. Apart from his son, no one else would dare to come and cause trouble for him. This was truly ironic!

"It’s nothing. As long as they live in this town, they will have to pay us to settle down. What do they have in their hands?" If not, then come with us and be our slave for a thousand years to make up for it. " The black-clothed man’s voice was extremely severe, but when he looked at Sun Lingxing, his eyes were filled with anger. Lust. Evil.

Chen Xiang said coldly: "Why would you want us to be your slaves?"