Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Fang Haoyun saw that Chen Xiang was enraged and knew that if this continued, there would be a high possibility of conflict. He immediately said: "Don’t you guys go too far, this town has never had such rules!"

"Before, because no outsiders came in, there were no such rules, but now that there are outsiders, our Lord has set such rules. This time, he is the one who told us to come here and collect their house fees, if they don’t have any, then we can only do things according to the rules." The black-clothed man has already walked forward and is preparing to make a move against Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing. "

Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing were already very strong, seeing that they were approaching, they all gathered their powers and prepared to attack!

"Wait a minute, how much money do they need for housing? I’ll pay!" Fang Haoyun hurriedly said. Chen Xiang had given him a very precious divine pellet, and Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing treated him extremely well. How could he let these two youths be taken away to be slaves?

"Elder Fang, you don’t have to give it to them. These guys can’t do anything to us!" Chen Xiang’s expression was cold, her fists clenched tightly, and Sun Lingxing’s jade face was also covered in frost.

"Why... Do you want to fight against us? " The black-clothed man suddenly laughed out loud: "This is too funny, you weak foreign chickens actually want to fight us! With just that little bit of strength of yours, not to mention us, even if we were to find a few youngsters, they would still be able to kill you! "

Fang Haoyun thought so too. Although Chen Xiang could refine divine pellets, it did not mean that he was strong. After all, he was not World Defying Stage yet!

At this time, many people had come to spectate one after another. When they saw the expressions that Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing had when they looked at the black-clothed men, they could tell that they wanted to fight the black-clothed men!

"Old Man Fang, did you not tell these two foreign youngsters how strong your son is?" Let’s not talk about the two of them, even if you included with that old fellow here, you still wouldn’t be a match for these five Black Divine Guards! "

"An outsider who doesn’t know his place, he actually dares to provoke Black Divine Guards!"

"Elder Fang, I originally thought that someone would collect your corpse. I didn’t think that you would be helping them collect their corpse. What a joke!"

"No, no, no. If they were to fight with the Black Divine Guards, they would not even have a corpse!"

"Old Man Fang was already about to die, but he actually brought bad luck to others before he died. He really is a dead man."

"In the future, we have to stay away from old man Fang so that we don’t get killed by him."

Everyone was discussing amongst themselves, all of them were actually talking about Fang Haoyun, causing Chen Xiang to not understand, why did these people hate an old man that makes people hate them?

He guessed that it must be Fang Haoyun’s son doing something behind his back that made everyone here hate Fang Haoyun. This way, he wouldn’t need to help this dying old man to break through, and would be able to relieve the pressure.

"Such a son is truly a scum!" When Chen Xiang thought about this matter, his heart was filled with anger.

At this moment, they heard that the people here were praising their strength, making them extremely happy, so they wanted Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing to rebel against them, and at that time, they would be able to display their strength.

"Big brothers Black Divine Guards, this is my condensed Fast-Birth Pearl. I’ll give it all to you, please let these two young people go." Initially, he also wanted to fight with these Black Divine Guards, but he thought that if he died, Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing’s fate would be very bad, so he could only endure for now.

The Black Divine Guards looked at the more than ten white pearls in Fang Haoyun’s hands, sneered, and extended his hand to grab them: "Only ten beads, it’s far from enough, I need at least a hundred beads!" Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

As Black Divine Guards said that, he took the ten pearls and actually wanted to take them for himself.

"This old geezer is about to die, how can he still have a hundred pills?"

"That’s right, hurry up and bring the three of them away. Just looking at them is annoying!"

Chen Xiang was completely enraged. He looked at the Black Divine Guards and said solemnly, "Hand over all those quick birth origin orbs just now, and I’ll spare your life!"

Hearing Chen Xiang’s words, everyone was stunned, then burst out laughing. They actually wanted Black Divine Guards to hand over the Quick Birth Pearl, in their eyes, this was simply overestimating himself.

Using the Dan god mystery’s method to cultivate it would allow the herbs to grow at a rapid rate. When planting the herbs, one only needed to bury them next to the herbs and use them as fertilizer!

"Brat, you actually dare to speak like that to me. You’re courting death, right?!" The Black Divine Guards was fierce and harsh. As he spoke, he arrived in front of Chen Xiang, raised his palm and slapped Chen Xiang’s mouth. Puchi!

He just saw that when his hand was about to swing out, a cold light flashed. It was Chen Xiang who suddenly summoned out his Heavenly magic sword, using the God Murdering Sword Techniques to slash at the Black Divine Guards’s shoulder!

Ah...

Black Divine Guards screamed miserably, one of his arms was already on the ground, but his arm was actually cut off at an extremely fast speed. Unexpectedly, no one present saw whether Chen Xiang used a blade or a sword, because his speed was too fast!

Everyone looked at Black Divine Guards’s bloodied arm on the ground and couldn’t help but to be shocked. This seemingly weak young man actually had such a powerful strength and astonishing speed!

"You ... You. How dare you attack me! " The Black Divine Guards was also extremely frightened.

"So what?!" After Chen Xiang finished speaking, a cold light flashed again. Black Divine Guards’s head had fallen to the ground, while Sun Lingxing waved his hand and released a white light that struck the black clothed man’s head and body.

The corpse that was hit by Sun Lingxing’s white light turned into a cloud of white ice crystals and dissipated. The powerful Black Divine Guards died just like that, which made everyone present dumbstruck!

The other four Black Divine Guards s could already see that Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing were extremely strong! However, they were not willing to be outdone. They felt that their boss had underestimated Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing, and thus was successful in getting taken care of by Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing. If they were more careful, they would definitely be able to take both of them down.

After all, they were from the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, and their Black Divine Guards was very famous here. It was because they were the strongest Venerable Ancestor Later-stage!

They felt that even if Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing were both powerful Venerable Ancestor Later-stage s, they wouldn’t be that powerful. With four of them here, they would definitely be able to defeat Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing!

Fang Haoyun knew that Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing had already caused a great disaster, because killing the Black Divine Guards was equivalent to becoming enemies with the master of the Black Divine Guards, and there was no way to avoid it.

A Black Divine Guards took out a black long blade and suddenly flew over. But after walking a few steps, everyone saw a skinny figure flash out and rush towards the Black Divine Guards.

Fang Haoyun made his move, in that moment, the burst of power he released caused everyone to wake up, although Fang Haoyun was old, although he was close to death, but he was the oldest person here, his strength was definitely not weak!