Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

A battle between experts at the peak of the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage would usually cause quite a commotion!

However, Fang Haoyun didn’t make any huge movements when he made his move. In a flash, he arrived in front of Black Divine Guards and extended his withered hand out like a poisonous snake, silently piercing into Black Divine Guards’s chest and immediately crushing his heart. And after his hand had entered Black Divine Guards’s body, another burst of strong force burst out, charging into Black Divine Guards’s limbs and bones, causing the Black Divine Guards’s bones and muscles to be instantly destroyed, and turned into a bloody mist!

Seeing this scene, everyone was dumbfounded!

Fang Haoyun was not as weak as they thought, and was even stronger than they expected. He was so strong that they had never expected him to be, and they all thought that Fang Haoyun, who was about to die of old age, shouldn’t have such strength!

But, the move that Fang Haoyun had just made had shocked them!

When Sun Lingxing saw that the remaining three Black Divine Guards s wanted to escape, she immediately released her power of frost and frozen the three Black Divine Guards s. Chen Xiang also cooperated very well and used his God Murdering Sword Techniques to kill one of them. "

Fang Haoyun, who was fuming, came to the back of a Black Divine Guards with a cold expression. His pair of powerful, skinny claws instantly pierced that person’s back, and then released a strong power from within, ripping Black Divine Guards’s body apart and turning him into a bloody mist!

It was at this time that Sun Lingxing unleashed a ray of white light on the remaining Black Divine Guards. Using an extremely strong Icy cold power, he completely froze the remaining Black Divine Guards in ice, and then smashed apart this block of ice, turning his body into countless of swift crystals.

Everyone’s hearts were filled with fear, because Chen Xiang and the other two had actually killed the five Black Divine Guards s so quickly, and did not even cause much of a commotion. From this, it could be seen that their strengths were far above Black Divine Guards’s!

Fang Haoyun looked at the dumbstruck people around him, and suddenly became furious. He shouted at them, and then blasted out a palm, the power of the palm exploding out like a monstrous wave, shaking out numerous black palm images. Countless palm images merged together, and like a black tide, they mightily rushed towards the group of people!

Crash! *

Fang Haoyun’s powerful palm strength submerged the entire group of people, causing waves and waves of shocking sounds to burst out, making the group of people fall flat on their backs, all of them were flung out, and blood gushed out of their mouths. The worst thing was, Fang Haoyun’s palm strength was like a heart-piercing needle, continuously piercing into their bodies, causing them endless pain all over.

"Elder Fang, it should be like this. Since I’m going to die sooner or later, I might as well enjoy myself!" Chen Xiang laughed heroically, and then released a Heavenly dragon seal, blasting that group of people.

Those who had mocked and ridiculed Fang Haoyun earlier, were now all screaming in pain. Although there were quite a few of them with Venerable Ancestor Later-stage s, they didn’t have the power to resist at all, and were severely injured by Chen Xiang and Fang Haoyun in an instant.

"Although I can’t beat my son, but I can still deal with you guys!" The reason why Fang Haoyun could endure it before, was because he didn’t have any hope for his own future. Furthermore, he was from the oldest generation, and relied on the principle of not fighting with the younger generation.

But now, Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing were being bullied, causing him to explode, because right now, he was not doing it for himself, but for someone else, for the two young man who he had just met and was very polite to him!

Seeing Fang Haoyun’s heroic spirit at this time, the people who were lying on the ground wailing felt as if Fang Haoyun had stepped into the World Defying Stage, the life force in his body was extremely vigorous, it did not look like he was going to burn out at all!

"Let’s leave this place quickly. That little bastard will be here very soon. We have not stepped into the World Defying Stage yet, so we are not his match." Fang Haoyun said, then anxiously started to run.

Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing followed behind him and very quickly entered into a forest!

... ....

After such an incident, this small town, which had been peaceful for many years, suddenly exploded. The people who were injured were all furious, they wished they could find Fang Haoyun and rip him to shreds!

Now that everyone had gathered, they were actually going to suppress Fang Haoyun, because at that time, there were a lot of people who were injured, and many houses were destroyed. In addition, they were very unhappy about how the old fellow whom they had mocked so many times had actually become so strong, which made them very unbalanced in their hearts!

Furthermore, no matter how Fang Haoyun was bullied by them, he did not utter a single word. This made them feel that they were extremely strong, and made them feel that the older generation was just a bunch of trash.

Fang Haoyun had told Chen Xiang before that everyone here could quickly enter the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, but their foundation was extremely weak. Adding to that, they lacked contact with the outside world and simply did not know how powerful the outside world was.

That was why they were so conceited!

However, now that they saw the two young men who had entered from the outside, they felt that they were inferior to them, and fear arose in their hearts. They felt that Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing were a great threat to them, and were afraid that they would be ruled.

In the largest mansion in the small town, a middle-aged man smashed a stone chair, his face full of anger!

"We should have killed him back then. But now, he has come back to life. If he had entered the World Defying Stage, all of us would not have a good time." There were still a few people beside the middle aged man. They all had the appearance of a middle-aged man, and were all in World Defying Stage. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"This place isn’t that big, we can definitely find them!"

"That’s right, as long as we can find them, we will immediately eliminate them all!"

Don’t worry, he won’t be able to enter the World Defying Stage, the pills that can be used to refine are already under our control, the little remaining medicinal ingredients in his possession have been swindled away by you, if he were to suddenly become so powerful, he would probably be holding in his breath, not long after, he will die, we don’t need to be so worried.

"I’m just afraid that those two youngsters might have some tricks up their sleeves!" Fang Haoyun’s son, Fang Tianlei, had a face full of worry because once his father stepped into the World Defying Stage, his father would immediately eliminate him.

The people here were all from the World Defying Stage, and had all betrayed Fang Haoyun before. This was also what they were worried about, so right now, the most urgent matter was to find Fang Haoyun, otherwise, it would be too much trouble for them.

"They might even go to the Myriad Tao Dan God’s Tomb!" A middle-aged man said, "The outsiders must have come because of this tomb. No matter what it is, they would only be willing to go and have a look."

Even they had gone there many times to investigate. Even though they did not find anything, they had always been unwilling to part with it. So every once in a while, they would go to Myriad Tao Dan God’s tomb to search for something.