Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The inside of the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum was just a small space, if there were people here who wanted to find Chen Xiang and the others, they would be able to find it very quickly, so Fang Haoyun was currently very worried. When he brought Chen Xiang and the others to the mausoleum, he was already very worried.

Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing could both see that, and Sun Lingxing did not know why, so he was not too worried, because she knew that Chen Xiang was still hiding a woman from the World Defying Stage. Although she had only just entered the World Defying Stage, from Sun Lingxing’s experience, that woman’s World Defying Stage Divine Power was not weak.

Chen Xiang was not too worried, because Long Qiumu had already eaten his Heaven and Earth infinite Dan long ago and went into the secret room to train. Other than that, there was also Tang Zhongjie.

In order for them to make the best use of their time to break through, Chen Xiang had even secretly used spatial energy to cover the entire You Yao Mountain Villa, making the time in the You Yao Mountain Villa different from the time outside.

"The Myriad Tao Dan God’s mausoleum is right here!" Fang Haoyun only used a little more than half a day to bring Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing to the depths of the forest.

Chen Xiang could sense that there was a burst of spatial energy fluctuating in this place. Because he was at the edge of this space, he could feel it.

"This is the Myriad Tao Dan God’s mausoleum!" Chen Xiang looked at an extremely old stone tablet. Although there were a lot of spots on it, one could still see some words on it.

It did not mention the name of the Myriad Tao Dan God, but there was a sentence written on it.

"Reversal of Yin and Yang, Dan god mystery, Myriad Tao will forever be!"

Chen Xiang read this sentence and began to think.

Sun Lingxing said: "Could it be, the real Dan god mystery is inside? After you obtain it, you will be able to live as eternally as the Myriad Tao? "

Fang Haoyun nodded his head, "Yes, that’s why we have been coming here the entire time. We have been searching this place from time to time, but have been unable to find anything!"

There were trees all around the area, and on this flat ground, there was only a stone tablet about half the height of a person. Judging from the markings on the stone tablet, this stone tablet had been attacked many times before and had been cut down by weapons, but they did not destroy it.

"Alright, we’ll start looking around now and see if we can find any clues." Chen Xiang released a lot of Heaven devouring rat, and he had a portion of them burrow into the ground to search for anything, to see if they were burying themselves deep underground.

Sun Lingxing also controlled his Heaven devouring rat to search everywhere. At this time, they had already separated and were searching the forest for clues related to the Alchemy God’s Tomb.

Not too long after, a day had passed. The three of them had all gathered in front of that stone tablet, but they had all come up empty-handed.

"Nothing!" Chen Xiang frowned: "I have already looked underneath the monument, there isn’t anything, but the monument is strange, as though it is connected to the ground, and I am unable to pull it out."

Chen Xiang tried with all his might, and indeed, he could not get the stone monument up.

"It’s been so many years, and it has always been this way. If there was any clue nearby, it would have been discovered long ago!" "Looks like Pill God’s Old Ancestor made a big joke with everyone." Fang Haoyun laughed bitterly.

Chen Xiang looked at the words on the tablet and asked, "Why do you need to write the four words’ Reverse Yin Yang ’? These four words should be very important, otherwise they wouldn’t be placed at the very front ... If we look at it from the top, if we were to link together, we would first have to reverse Yin and Yang, in order to obtain the Dan god mystery, and then live forever together with the Myriad Tao! "

"Not good, someone is coming in!" Sun Lingxing suddenly shouted, her Heaven devouring rat noticed that someone had entered: "There are dozens, they are not weak!"

"Maybe my bastard son is here. Let’s hurry up and leave!" Fang Haoyun anxiously said: "Let’s wait for the next time, let’s avoid them first!"

Chen Xiang frowned as he looked at the stone monument, he had just gotten his bearings.

"This place is so small, where can we escape to?" Chen Xiang asked...

"Anyway, let’s get out of here first!" Fang Haoyun’s expression suddenly changed, because he felt a familiar aura and coldly said: "That bastard Fang Tianlei is here!"

Sun Lingxing said: "Chen Xiang, come next time!"

"Elder Fang, when Myriad Tao Dan God came to this place, did he die? "Who set up this stone tablet?" Chen Xiang was indifferent, because he had already thought of some very important things.

"The monolith was set up by himself. In short, he knew that he was about to die, and then he entered this forest ... When we came here to look for him after a few years, we saw this stone tablet. And since then, he hasn’t appeared again. " Fang Haoyun said.

"That should be it..." Chen Xiang placed his hand on the stone tablet, then released the power of time. Closing his eyes, he used the power of time to envelop the stone tablet, and control the time reversal of the stone tablet!

This was the reversal of yin and yang!

Seeing this scene, Sun Lingxing and Fang Haoyun were shocked to the core. They immediately understood what it meant to reverse Yin and Yang, and this was also the most important thing, to control the power of time, and reverse the flow of time!

If Chen Xiang was actually able to control the power of the Time Laws, then he could even reverse the flow of time!

Sun Lingxing knew that Chen Xiang could control the power of space, and that was already very strong. But now he could actually control time, which made her even more surprised.

"They are here!" Suddenly, someone shouted in excitement. As soon as his voice fell, a few people appeared, one of them being Fang Tianlei.

"Son of a bitch!" Seeing Fang Tianlei, Fang Haoyun cursed. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

At this time, Chen Xiang had also stopped using the power of time, because many Spirit grain had already appeared on the monument. Now, all he needed to do was activate one of the Spirit grain to activate the array formation.

Fang Tianlei and the others did not notice the changes on the monument but Chen Xiang had already blocked it with his body.

"Haha, you guys are dead for sure today!" Fang Tianlei laughed maniacally, "Trash father, you’re going to die anyway. Why are you struggling like this?"

"Isn’t it all because of you bastards snatching our medicinal pill formula?!" Mentioning this matter, Fang Haoyun was immediately enraged: Sooner or later, you will all be met with retribution.

"You’re about to die yet you still have so much to say!" Fang Tianlei waved his hand and said to the people behind him, "Capture those two foreign youths. I want to interrogate them about the matters outside!"

Just as the group of people were about to come over, the stone tablet suddenly exploded with a burst of intense light aura, enveloping Chen Xiang, Sun Lingxing and the rest!

Seeing that the stone tablet had such a large movement, Fang Tianlei was both shocked and jealous. This was because he did not expect the stone tablet, which had been devoid of any activity for so many years, to have such a reaction!