Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

After the white light from the stone tablet enveloped Chen Xiang and the other two, it also produced a very strong wave of energy.

"Quick, stop them!" After Fang Tianlei shouted, the white light suddenly disappeared, and Chen Xiang and the other two disappeared.

This made Fang Tianlei jealous and infuriated. He aimed a ferocious attack at the stone monument, but the force emitted from his attack was completely absorbed by the stone monument.

"Why... Why did they cause such a reaction on the stone stele!? " Fang Tianlei carefully examined the monolith, but he did not discover anything. The monolith had returned to its original state, full of spots.

It wasn’t just Fang Tianlei, but several dozen people were extremely suspicious of this as they had already searched for many years, but they had never seen such a reaction from a stone tablet before.

Some people had even stayed here for tens of thousands of years just to wait for the stone tablet to move, but none of them succeeded in the end.

Now, just the two of them coming here was enough to cause such a strong reaction from the stone tablet. Furthermore, they disappeared from here as well, making the World Defying Stage like Fang Tianlei and the others go crazy.

At this moment, they were all gathered here, constantly bombarding the stone tablets!

They believed that even if they could not enter the stone stele, they had to destroy it! They were very worried that Chen Xiang and the others would become strong inside before coming out to take revenge on them.

"I must think of a way to destroy the monolith." Fang Tianlei fiercely punched the stone monument a few times. Although his power was very strong, it was all quickly absorbed by the stone monument, causing him to be extremely furious.

... ....

After Chen Xiang and the other two entered the stone monument, they arrived at a vast and white space.

Upon entering, Fang Haoyun shouted in shock, "Ancestor!"

Inside the white space sat a handsome young man with snow-white hair. He was sitting on a stone platform with his eyes closed. He looked very peaceful. His face was pale and devoid of any life.

"This is the Myriad Tao Dan God, Wan Yongcang! I never thought that he would die in the end. " Sun Lingxing couldn’t help but sigh. When she came here back then, she had already heard the legend of Wan Yongcang never dying.

Fang Haoyun kneeled in front of Wan Yongcang, and said in an extremely ashamed tone: "It’s all because of the younger generation being useless, I’m only here now."

Even after Chen Xiang and his group walked over, they did not discover anything.

"Looks like it took Myriad Tao Dan God a long time to exhaust his lifespan after he came in." Chen Xiang said: "I wonder what sort of breakthrough he had made during this period of time!"

They did not discover anything here!

"Let’s see if there’s anything on the Royal Elder’s body!" Fang Haoyun knew that Chen Xiang wanted to do it, but because Wan Yongcang was his ancestor, he could not say anything.

Chen Xiang nodded.

Fang Haoyun searched through Wan Yongcang’s body, but did not find anything, and was a little disappointed!

"Forget it. At least we’re safe now." Chen Xiang was rather open-minded.

"How about... Would you like to use your soul-searching technique to take a look? " Sun Lingxing said again.

looked at Fang Haoyun and nodded his head. They were currently in a difficult situation, so they had no choice but to do so. Furthermore, Fang Haoyun thought that his own grandfather’s things needed to be passed down, and he felt that Chen Xiang was the best inheritor.

Chen Xiang took a deep breath, then touched Wan Yongcang’s head. Just as he was about to use the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell, a large portion of memories instantly entered his mind. That was Wan Yongcang’s comprehension of the Dan god mystery.

Other than this, Chen Xiang could also feel that someone else was in front of him.

"After waiting for so many years, someone finally came here!" The voice belonged to a man, and it was very magnetic.

"Is it Senior Wan Yongcang?" Chen Xiang was shocked, and then, he thought of what he had to say.

"Yes, do you think I’m dead?" Wan Yongcang laughed.

"So you’re saying that you’re still alive?" Chen Xiang asked in surprise. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"Un, I’m still alive ..." Of course, I almost died, but luckily I was able to break through in the end and the corpse that you saw was only a clone of mine. My original body had already transcended the Myriad Tao and was no longer restricted by all the restrictions of the Myriad Tao, so after you obtained my inheritance, I hope that you could cherish and cultivate well. Wan Yongcang’s words caused Chen Xiang to be extremely shocked.

Wan Yongcang had succeeded!

"Mm, definitely!" Chen Xiang said solemnly: "Senior, I will definitely come and find you!"

"Alright, then we’ll meet again someday, haha ..." Wan Yongcang laughed boldly.

Chen Xiang had also woken up!

"What’s wrong?" Sun Lingxing asked anxiously.

Fang Haoyun looked at Chen Xiang, waiting for his answer.

"It’s a success, I have already obtained Senior Wan Yongcang’s inheritance." Chen Xiang’s face revealed a smile, "He isn’t dead, this is only his clone!"

Just then, Wan Yongcang’s clone suddenly disappeared, the inheritance had been obtained by Chen Xiang!

"Good, good, good!" Fang Haoyun was very excited, tears couldn’t help but fall from her eyes.

"Elder Fang, I’ll share the Dan god mystery’s insights with you right now. This is your ancestor’s, after all." Chen Xiang laughed.

Fang Haoyun hurriedly nodded, and then Chen Xiang started to discuss Wan Yongcang’s insights into the Dan god mystery with him, in order to save time, Chen Xiang had even released a power of time to envelop them all.

A month had passed, and outside, it had only been a day. Chen Xiang and Fang Haoyun both gained a lot of insights into the Dan god mystery!

Although there were some contradictions with the Heavenly Alchemy inside the Dan god mystery, they only appeared to be contradictions on the surface, but they were still the same!

Chen Xiang realized that the most powerful thing about the Dan god mystery was that it could thoroughly stimulate the potential quality of medicinal herbs. This was a little similar to the Crash method;

The method in the Dan god mystery was very gentle, allowing the medicinal herbs to grow and grow quickly. It was equivalent to having two lives in one, two lives in four, and a grain of rice quickly become a jar of rice and then merge together again.

"Derived Spell!" This was the name Wan Yongcang gave to this method of refinement, and was also the most important pill technique in the Dan god mystery.

Chen Xiang was considering whether he could fuse the two powers together. If he could, he would create an even more powerful training method!

"Did Senior Wan Yongcang mention the method to cultivate the Primordial Divine Body?" Sun Lingxing asked.

"No!" Chen Xiang shook his head: "But, there is a related medicinal formula within the Dan god mystery, and I should be able to find the medicinal ingredients here. Back then, he had brought in many medicinal ingredients for the seed."

"There are medicinal ingredients here, but they are extremely precious. Although only one is needed, it is very difficult to collect." Fang Haoyun said.

"Is it difficult to cultivate World Defying heaven fruit?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Yes, blossoming for a million years, fruiting for a million years, maturing for a million years!" Fang Haoyun sighed: "I had one before, but it was taken away by my evil son. Now, I am only left with the dying tree root!"

"Where are the roots?" Chen Xiang asked quickly.