Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Fang Haoyun gave the tree root to Chen Xiang, he knew that Chen Xiang could control time, if Chen Xiang used the power of time to plant it, it might be able to shorten the time, he suddenly understood why Wan Yongcang had to do such a thing on the stone monument!

This was mainly to pass down the inheritance to those who understood the Laws of Time. Only then would the greatest power of the inheritance be displayed. Otherwise, in the hands of others, it wouldn’t be of much use!

Which is to say, Wan Yongcang also knew about the Time Laws!

Chen Xiang lost to Mei Jing Sisters, and then took out the remaining Heaven and Earth infinite Dan in his hands and gave it to Fang Haoyun: "Senior, you better try to see if you can enter World Defying Stage now. If you can break through, we’ll be much safer too!"

Fang Haoyun still had a few Heaven and Earth infinite Dan in his hands, but it was not enough for him to break through.

"Alright!" Fang Haoyun never thought that Chen Xiang would actually refine so many pills, he knew that these pills would definitely not be easy to refine.

"Spirit Star, wait a moment. When I refine a new Heaven and Earth infinite Dan, I’ll give it a try!" Chen Xiang was not in a hurry to break through, because he couldn’t wait to try the magical refining method inside the Dan god mystery.

"En!" Sun Lingxing nodded his head, "If I can step into the World Defying Stage and search for the power that I left behind back then, I might be able to become even stronger."

Chen Xiang felt that Sun Lingxing should have been the same as the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor back then, both of them who had cultivated the same kind of prideful profound art. However, this was still far from the point of being put to death, there might be a reason behind Sun Lingxing’s death.

Chen Xiang took out the pill furnace, placed the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan’s medicinal ingredients inside, and then used the derivation method to refine it.

The derived method was the same as the Crash method, they had to start after the Medicine crystal fused together!

He had fused the Medicine crystal into a very big crystal pearl. According to the description of the derivation method, as long as he used the derivation method, he would be able to make the big crystal pearl grow into a small bead!

After forming a small one, the smaller one would be fused into the larger one, and after that, the smaller one would be fused into the larger one, and after fusing it again and again, the quality would continue to improve!

"Quite fast!" Chen Xiang, in less than two hours, had that large Medicine crystal give birth to a small one.

However, this little one was not small at all. It was much larger than what Chen Xiang had imagined, half the size of his original body!

"Good, now fuse this small one into your main body, and let your main body’s quality increase!"

When Chen Xiang saw that the Medicine crystal was so big, he was secretly excited. If he were to absorb it, the quality would definitely increase by a lot.

He released the World Defying god fire, burned the original body and the clone, putting both in a half-melted state, and then used the powerful World Defying Stage Divine Power to combine the two.

The process of fusing was very easy and fast. In just a moment, the original body was separated from the original body, so the process of fusing with the same root was naturally completed. The two didn’t reject each other at all, and their fusing was very fast.

"The quality has increased by quite a bit. This is equivalent to me having a collision!" Chen Xiang didn’t expect that just fusing with a big derivative would raise the quality by so much.

After fusing, the size would still be the same as before. Chen Xiang had already compressed this before, so the quality would rise by so much!

"How can I combine it with the Crash method?" Chen Xiang was deep in his thoughts, and very quickly, he had a clue.

"Make the main body give birth to nine clones, and then use nine clones to collide with the main body!" After thinking about it, Chen Xiang still felt a bit of excitement. If he succeeded, the quality would be beyond his imagination.

This was also a huge challenge for him. The quality of the body separation was very high. If he were to collide with them, he would definitely be able to unleash a very powerful force!

At this time, Chen Xiang had no choice but to release the Six Realms mirrors!

Even though his Tianchuang furnace were powerful, he was still worried that it would be damaged. He could imagine how terrifying the energy that would explode from that scene would be.

Chen Xiang released a barrier from the Six Realms mirrors at the bottom of the Tianchuang furnace, allowing him to feel more at ease.

After that, he used the derivation method and carried on for nearly eight hours, finally allowing the big Crystal eye to produce nine clones!

When he used the derivation method, it consumed a lot of World Defying Stage Divine Power. Thankfully, Chen Xiang had a few World Defying Stage Divine Power Pills to support him with in order to make him so fast, if not for the World Defying Stage Divine Power, he would need a lot more time.

"It’s starting!" Chen Xiang was extremely nervous, her entire face was perspiring profusely, Sun Lingxing watched by the side but she did not know what Chen Xiang was doing.

Chen Xiang was very familiar with the Crash method, but this was the first time he was using it like this!

"Let’s go all out!" Chen Xiang clenched his teeth, and poured all of his power into the nine balls of bodies. Then, he exploded with a burst of force, allowing the nine balls of bodies to instantly fly out and collide with each other like lightning. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The Tianchuang furnace suddenly shook, and the burst of muffled sound startled Fang Haoyun who was cultivating at the side.

"What’s wrong?" Fang Haoyun hurriedly asked. At this time, Chen Xiang’s Tianchuang furnace was shaking non-stop, and at the same time, it was releasing wave after wave of energy.

"It’s nothing, I’ll calm down soon!" Chen Xiang gritted his teeth and said, he never thought that the energy wave would be so strong, even Six Realms mirrors were unable to resist it.

"Are you sure you’re not refining a Berserk Demon?" Sun Lingxing released a protective shield to protect himself from the energy waves that the Tianchuang furnace was releasing, "Why do I feel like a strong Berserk Demon is bumping into you in your furnace!"

"That’s about it!" Chen Xiang forced out a smile.

After a while, the Tianchuang furnace gradually stabilized, and Chen Xiang gasped for air, it was extremely strenuous for him, but he had already controlled it, which made him extremely excited.

"After it is derived, it will clash again. The quality is the same as when I execute the Ten Crash!" Chen Xiang looked at the fragments within the Tianchuang furnace and became ecstatic.

And now, it was not over yet. He was using the derivation method on those pieces of debris, causing them to give birth to tiny clones. If he were to fuse them together later, the quality would increase by a great amount!

If he had enough power to continuously break through, then the quality would have no limit!

"I’m already at my limit, otherwise I won’t be able to form a core until later." Chen Xiang was not willing to give up, but he knew that if this continued, it would exceed the limits of his control.

This situation, for Chen Xiang, was already perfect!

He combined the Crash method and the Derivation Method to increase the quality of the energy. He was very satisfied with the fact that the two techniques were much better than the ones he used on his own.