Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

If the quality was very high before the Core Formation stage, then it would be extremely difficult to condense a core.

"As long as I successfully condense the pellet, the quality will definitely be very high. In the future, I only need to familiarize myself with this kind of refining method and increase my refining speed. I only need one set of medicinal ingredients to refine Heaven and Earth infinite Dan, and then I can achieve the effects of multiple medicinal ingredients to refine several pellets."

At present, Chen Xiang still needed a long time to concoct this batch of pills, but it was just that he was not familiar with it, and needed to concoct it carefully and slowly. As long as he was proficient in it and had accumulated a lot of experience, his refining speed would only become faster and faster.

Congealing pellets was indeed not easy, Chen Xiang still needed the help of the Six Realms mirrors to complete it, but even so, the progress was still very slow!

"One would need at least half a month to refine one pellet. I wonder how many of them are equivalent to the ones I had before this."

As for the effects, even Chen Xiang was not able to guess, because when the two types of Refinement Arts were combined, the quality of the increase was extremely high, and it was impossible to estimate.

It took him three days to condense the pellet, and from start to finish, he had to use half a month to refine one pellet. One must know that he had used the World Defying god fire and the World Defying Stage Divine Power to refine this pellet, and had consumed a lot of energy to speed it up.

If he had used the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum s to activate the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan that he had refined before, then his speed would be extremely fast and definitely not be as slow as it was now.

However, to many Alchemist, his speed was considered good. Novels were often terrifying. After all, they were prideful pills.

The color of the black Heaven and Earth infinite Dan that Chen Xiang took out from the pill furnace was actually very different from the one that he had refined before.

"Spirit Star, try it!" Chen Xiang handed the pellet over to Sun Lingxing.

Sun Lingxing was someone who had once stepped into the World Defying Stage, and she had extremely rich experience there. She had also eaten the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan that Chen Xiang had refined before, so she could accurately determine just how much more effective this pellet was.

Sun Lingxing received the black pellet from Chen Xiang and frowned: "Is this also a Heaven and Earth infinite Dan?" UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "Yes, this is something that I refined using the methods inside the Dan god mystery, is there something wrong with it?"

"It doesn’t have as much spiritual energy as the one you gave me earlier." Sun Lingxing said: "I do not know much about pills, you do not need to mind."

"Eat it, and compare it with the one I gave you before." Chen Xiang said.

However, as time passed, the medicinal power of the pellet continued to increase, like waves after waves, coming in wave after wave, it became more and more powerful in the end.

This surge of Myriad Tao power that surged out began to refine by itself, fusing into her body, entering her Divine Sense Sea, strengthening her soul!

Seeing Sun Lingxing’s current expression, Chen Xiang knew that the effects of the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan were extremely good. At least, it was better than before, if not Sun Lingxing would not have such an excited reaction.

"How effective is the Spirit Star?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Very, very strong!" Sun Lingxing consecutively said two very strong, and said in disbelief: "I never thought that such a small pellet would be filled with such a dense amount of energy, my refining speed is already fast enough, but I feel like I will need a long time to finish refining the energy inside it."

"Can you estimate how much stronger it is compared to the previous pill?" Chen Xiang asked.

"At least ten times ... I’m pretty sure. " Sun Lingxing said in a serious tone: "I never thought that the Dan god mystery would be so powerful, entering will allow your pill refining to increase by so much!"

"Seems like you only need to eat a few pills to enter World Defying Stage." Chen Xiang was very surprised. He had thought that four or five times was already very good, but now, he was ten times stronger.

"I need some time to refine it!" Sun Lingxing said: "Continue with the pill refining!"

Chen Xiang nodded his head and continued refining the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan. He had already used his time and energy inside, even though they had been inside for a long time, not much time had passed.

Sun Lingxing seemed to be calmly cultivating, but his heart was full of emotions! Chen Xiang was right just now, she only needed to take a few pills to step into the World Defying Stage.

The Venerable Ancestor Later-stage troubled many people, and was extremely difficult to break through.

However, the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan that Chen Xiang was refining now only needed a few pills to break through. She understood why the Myriad Tao Dan God was able to get rid of the Myriad Tao and used the Dan god mystery to refine a pill that did not directly absorb the Myriad Tao’s power.

Chen Xiang only used half a month’s time to refine a single pill like this, Chen Xiang only needed a few months to refine a few pills, and that would allow a Venerable Ancestor Later-stage to step into the World Defying Stage!

This was what shocked her!

What she did not know was that Chen Xiang’s refining speed would only get faster and faster, and it was even at a time where Chen Xiang’s power was restricted!

"Spirit Star, I’ll let you and Elder Fang enter the World Defying Stage first, then you guys can go out and take care of the fellows outside. Take over the Pill God’s Space, and leave those people to you and Elder Fang. I don’t want to see those guys." Chen Xiang said: "After you all leave, I will cultivate inside this tablet by myself!"

"No problem!" Sun Lingxing said.

Chen Xiang still did not plan to enter the World Defying Stage right now because he wanted to cultivate his body first, and then use his flesh to break through into World Defying Stage. He wanted to cultivate his arrogant profound body first, and then his World Defying soul!

This way, he would be able to directly reach the early stage of the World Defying Stage, and his strength would be much stronger than those who had only cultivated World Defying soul!

Chen Xiang’s current speed had increased a lot, in ten days he could refine a Heaven and Earth infinite Dan.

It was only his second time using the derivation method and the Crash method, but he was already able to control it so well that his speed had increased by a lot.

In the blink of an eye, half a year had passed. Fang Haoyun was the first one to step into World Defying Stage!

Fang Haoyun, who looked like he had run out of oil, now looked a lot younger. He looked full of vigor, like a young man in his prime! And the biggest change was his powerful aura of superiority! This was the most obvious thing about the World Defying Stage.

"Congratulations, Elder Fang!" Chen Xiang laughed.

"It’s all thanks to your help, I really can’t thank you enough. The Dan god mystery was obtained by you, and this is also the best fate for me. Although I managed to learn a little, I am definitely far from you." Fang Haoyun said.

Even though he was training seriously, he knew about what was happening outside. He knew that Chen Xiang had refined a super high quality Heaven and Earth infinite Dan, and Sun Lingxing, who was cultivating not too far away, also had signs of a breakthrough!

Sun Lingxing’s cultivation was around World Defying Stage’s Sacred Level in her previous life, so she had some experience with it. Adding to that the fact that she had also stepped into World Defying Stage once before, she had abandoned it for the sake of entering the Primordial Forest.

Now that she had broken through once again, it would be much easier for her!