Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The reason why Sun Lingxing gave up her cultivation in World Defying Stage to enter World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum was so she could regain her strength from her previous life, but she had no idea if she could find her own. If she couldn’t, then it would be very difficult for her to step into World Defying Stage again!

She had not expected that she would be able to enter the World Defying Stage.

"I can finally feel that familiar strength again!" Sun Lingxing clenched her fists tightly, and a smile appeared on her face. At this time, she was able to release her World Defying Stage Divine Power once again, and did not need to use the World Defying Stage Divine Power Orb.

"He broke through?" Chen Xiang laughed: "Alright, now can you guys go out and take care of those fellows?"

Sun Lingxing looked at Fang Haoyun and nodded. If it wasn’t for him waiting for Sun Lingxing, he would have gone out to kill his son.

"Wait, I was worried that you guys weren’t strong enough, so I sent the two of you with me!" Chen Xiang laughed as he walked out of You Yao Mountain Villa.

Sun Lingxing had thought that it was Jiang Sijing, but she hadn’t thought that it would actually be a girl that she had never seen before.

Other than Long Qiumu, there was also Tang Zhongjie!

Tang Zhongjie had been in the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage for a very long time, so his foundation was very solid.

"Is everything ready? I’ll send you out now!" Chen Xiang? One? Ben? Read? He directly used the power of space to teleport them outside.

Ever since he entered the stone monument, he could use the power of space. The array inside the space couldn’t restrain him.

Although there were a few World Defying Stage s outside, they did not have much strength. Long Qiumu was a Dragon Demon, so his strength was much stronger than normal people. Tang Zhongjie and Fang Haoyun were both raised up using Venerable Ancestor Later-stage s of the Ancient Rank, so it was naturally not a big deal.

Needless to say, Sun Lingxing was extremely powerful in her previous life!

"It’s time for me to break through, I must become very strong, only then will I be able to swallow the Natural Law Divine Lord." Chen Xiang felt that even if he had the same power as the Natural Law Divine Lord, it would be difficult for him to snatch the control of the Natural Law World.

Unless he had a strength that was many times stronger than Natural Law Divine Lord’s, then he would be able to obtain it easily. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have enough strength to deal with Natural Law Divine Lord at that time, and he wouldn’t be able to stop Natural Law Divine Lord from perishing together with him!

"When I eat the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan, I need to channel my power into my body so that I can’t enter the Divine Sense Sea to cultivate in the Six souls. Only then can I quickly strengthen my body!"

Chen Xiang knew the benefits of cultivating his body first! If he could first cultivate World Defying soul, then cultivate his body. This was a rare chance for him to grow a lot bigger, mainly because he wouldn’t be able to control the World Defying soul to absorb energy and could not focus on cultivating his body!

Chen Xiang had also asked Sun Lingxing and Jiang Sijing before. When they were at the World Defying soul, if they were to cultivate their bodies again, more than half of the energy would be absorbed by the World Defying soul and would not be concentrated in their bodies. If it was absorbed by the World Defying soul, it could make the World Defying soul stronger, but the World Defying soul would not increase, and the energy absorbed would be used for unknown reasons. Until now, it was still a mystery.

Thus, in the World Defying Stage, if one had the World Defying soul, then cultivating their flesh and blood would be very difficult, and their speed would also be very slow. Especially after cultivating the World Defying Holy Body, it would be very difficult to make progress in the future.

It had to be known that the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor created an enormous and boundless world based on the power of the Myriad Tao, and since he could not cultivate the Primordial Divine Body, it was no wonder that the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor was stuck at the realm of the World Defying Holy Body!

And after cultivating the Primordial Divine Body, there was another realm which was even higher than that which the Myriad Tao Dan God had reached so far!

"This World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum is very strange, it should have already appeared before the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor even created this world, how ancient is that!" Chen Xiang had heard Sun Lingxing speak of before, that in their era, it was only a small world. Back then, it was extremely rich in resources and their cultivation speed was also extremely fast.

That was also the reason why the Myriad Tao exhausted so much energy and was executed in the end!

After being executed, this group of people’s power returned back to the Myriad Tao, and the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor also appeared at this time. They used their own power and the power of the Myriad Tao’s power to create a large number of Divine Spirit, thus owning this enormous world!

The World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor was the descendant of a group of people who were executed in the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, so he was able to use the power of the Myriad Tao very well in the later stages to create a beautiful and gorgeous world.

The majority of the descendants of this group of people who had been executed in the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum had gathered at the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect.

"I wonder how World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor is doing now!" Chen Xiang’s current improvement speed could be said to be extremely fast. Before, he was only at the Venerable ancestor realm, but now he was able to step into the World Defying Stage’s Profound Rank.

The situation outside World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum was very complicated. With the appearance of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, the World Defying dragon demon had broken the seal and sent a large number of people into the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum.

"I need to refine twenty Heaven and Earth infinite Dan. This should be enough for me to be proud of being in the initial stages of the profound body." Chen Xiang thought, he had already told Jiang Sijing and Jiang Simei to cultivate the Twin Life Mysterious Technique, and had also told Jiang Simei to step into the World Defying Stage first.

Although Heaven and Earth infinite Dan s did not have many medicinal ingredients, they were already enough for Chen Xiang to use. He could use the derivation method and the Crash method, and only needed a small amount of medicinal ingredients to refine an extremely high quality pill.

It had only been three days since Chen Xiang last refined the pill, but he heard Fang Haoyun’s voice from outside. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"Chen Xiang, the things on the outside have been resolved, I don’t know why, but an entrance suddenly appeared outside, and some people ran out, but they had no way of coming out, looks like after you opened the stone tablet, you have control of the entire Dan God Mysterious Land!" Fang Haoyun said.

"Did you deal with all the World Defying Stage like that?" Chen Xiang said: "It’s not that bad to kill someone from the World Defying Stage!"

"They were all killed by Miss Sun!" When Fang Haoyun said this, he was able to hear that was somewhat afraid, because he didn’t know that Sun Lingxing had entered into such a terrifying place.

"Chen Xiang, when will you be out?" Sun Lingxing asked.

"It might take a while!" Chen Xiang thought about it, he was not sure how long it would take.

"I want to go for a walk with Qiu Mu." Sun Lingxing said.

Sun Lingxing was not weak at the moment, and World Defying Stage’s cultivation was considered very strong here. After all, she had only been in the World Defying Stage for a few days, and she had already stepped into the World Defying Stage. Adding Long Qiumu into the mix, she felt that there shouldn’t be a problem.

"Alright, be careful!" Chen Xiang agreed. Sun Lingxing and Long Qiumu’s strength made him feel extremely at ease.