Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

After Sun Lingxing and Long Qiumu left, Fang Haoyun had even told Chen Xiang that when the people inside saw that he, Old Man Fang, had suddenly entered the World Defying Stage, they were all extremely frightened and ran away fearfully. At that moment, the place they were in was already an empty city.

Chen Xiang felt that this was pretty good. He liked this Dan God Mysterious Land more as he planned to set up this place as his base of operations.

"I feel like this stone tablet is the body of the Dan God Mysterious Land, I want to see if I can move the Dan God Mysterious Land out of the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum." Chen Xiang said. It was definitely very dangerous outside, but the Dan God Mysterious Land was extremely safe and hard to break through.

Afterwards, he had Fang Haoyun and Tang Zhongjie grow medicinal herbs outside. The medicinal herbs in this Dan God Mysterious Land could grow very quickly, Chen Xiang suspected that the Myriad Tao Dan God used the power of the Time Code here back then.

After the things outside were settled, Chen Xiang could now refine pills in peace!

He had continuously refined Heaven and Earth infinite Dan for over seven months, and had refined twenty of them. This was enough for four or five Venerable Ancestor Later-stage s to enter the World Defying Stage! But he wanted to use so many Heaven and Earth infinite Dan to cultivate his own body!

Although it had been seven months, only seven days had passed outside.

"The longest training time!" Chen Xiang also didn’t know how long it would take for him to step into the World Defying Stage. It wouldn’t be easy to refine twenty of these super-high quality Heaven and Earth infinite Dan’s energy into his body.

"I have to use a ’YBDU’ World Defying god fire to complement my training." The body tempering technique in the Myriad Tao Divine Arts could do it.

At this moment, he felt that the Myriad Tao Divine Arts were not simple. Although it was created by the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor, he had a feeling that the Myriad Tao Divine Arts was created by an even more powerful person, and was definitely not created by someone who had cultivated a Holy Body. This was just his current guess, he planned to ask the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor about it in the future.

Chen Xiang ate two super-high quality Heaven and Earth infinite Dan s and then released them into his own body. After refining the medicinal power within his body, it made the medicinal power become extremely scorching, and seeped into the muscles and tendons in his body afterwards.

As a result, his body could quickly absorb the powerful medicinal force, and he could also control the power of the pill, so as to not allow the medicinal force to enter the Divine Sense Sea, otherwise, it would lose a large amount, and would be absorbed by the Six souls in large amounts. Over time, he would first cultivate out the World Defying soul, which was something he did not want to see.

"It will take a long time!" This was the first time Chen Xiang had eaten such an ultra-high quality Heaven and Earth infinite Dan, and he had even eaten two of them.

At this moment, he could deeply feel the medicinal power that Sun Lingxing had described back then!

It was just two small pills, but the medicinal strength that was not flowing out kept increasing. Each wave was higher than the last, and each wave was stronger than the last, like an endless supply of energy.

He spent an entire three months to slowly refine the two pellets of Heaven and Earth infinite Dan into his physical body. At this moment, he could also feel his physical body growing stronger!

"Good, just like that!" Chen Xiang believed that if he were to persevere on, he would definitely be able to cultivate the Primordial Profound Body. Although it was only at the initial stage, it was still much stronger than someone without the Primordial Profound Body.

Time passed quickly during training. In the blink of an eye, Chen Xiang had cultivated for almost three years. He only used eighteen super-high quality Heaven and Earth infinite Dan s to cultivate an arrogant profound body!

At this time, he was already a World Defying Stage! However, his Six souls had yet to be transformed into a World Defying soul!

"What’s next is very important to me as well. When the Six souls transforms into a World Defying soul, my dao energy can immediately transform into a World Defying Stage Divine Power." At this time, Chen Xiang only released dao energy from the Six souls, but once the dao energy entered his body, it immediately turned into World Defying Stage Divine Power, which was also the benefit of being able to become a prideful profound body.

If he could cultivate the World Defying soul and release it from the World Defying soul, then the World Defying Stage Divine Power would at least increase his physical body by two to three times. This was also the reason why his profound experience was so strong. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

After that, he would need to refine Heaven and Earth infinite Dan s too. After and Jiang Sijing who were in You Yao Mountain Villa to learn the Twin Life Mysterious Techniques, they had already stepped into World Defying Stage.

But now, they were mainly focusing their energy on the World Defying heaven fruit, the root had only grown a little green leaf, who knew when it would grow into a big tree, and then blossom and bear fruit.

World Defying heaven fruit s were the key to cultivating the Primordial Divine Body, Chen Xiang had to grow it!

He continued to concoct pills and cultivate. Although it looked extremely boring, Chen Xiang was actually full of motivation.

"If I can cultivate World Defying soul, then there definitely isn’t just one!" Chen Xiang looked at the Six souls in his body. It was impossible for these six divine beasts to be combined.

"If all of them were to become arrogant soul beasts, then they would all be stronger. Who knows, maybe all of these divine beasts would be able to cultivate their bodies to the Primordial Profound Body." Chen Xiang thought back to what Sun Lingxing had mentioned before. It was about the lake that could produce World Defying soul s, which was extremely difficult to raise, so World Defying soul did not have any grading system.

However, the World Defying soul that Chen Xiang was training with right now was alive, a divine beast. Which is to say, even if his World Defying soul absorbed a large amount of medicinal power in the future, it would definitely not be a waste, and would only become stronger.

At this time, Chen Xiang couldn’t wait to try and see if he could cultivate a powerful soul beast. This was his World Defying soul, his loyal divine beast!

"World Defying beast... These divine beasts will be the strongest group of Heavenly beast. " Chen Xiang was overjoyed, "On the other hand, I might just need to release these World Defying beast s to help me kill off my powerful enemies."

Although these were all his guesses, with his years of rich cultivation experience and his understanding of his own cultivation methods, he felt that this should be very likely to be true.

During this period of his cultivation, Tang Zhongjie and Fang Haoyun would occasionally come to talk to him. Although they were only two people outside, they did not feel bored. Tang Zhongjie was originally a guy who had seen a lot, so he told Fang Haoyun many stories outside, and the two of them had already become friends.

Chen Xiang just wanted them to wait outside, and when he finished cultivating, he would take them out of the Dan God Mysterious Land and investigate.

felt that there must be a mysterious group controlling this Myriad Tao. Otherwise, this World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum would not appear out of thin air, and not a large number of super strong experts would be caught and brought in.

It had to be known that Sun Lingxing had not reached the peak of World Defying Stage yet, but he was still executed.