Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The small towns inside the Dan God Mysterious Land were now extremely deserted and desolate. Originally, the people here had all bullied Fang Haoyun before, but when they saw that Fang Haoyun had stepped into the World Defying Stage and even killed all the World Defying Stage here, they were worried that he would settle the accounts. Now, they all escaped from the Dan God Mysterious Land. After the Dan God Mysterious Land was controlled by Chen Xiang, they could leave, but they could not enter.

Previously, they could only enter and not exit, so this was also the reason why Chen Xiang felt that the Dan God Mysterious Land was relatively safe.

"I wonder if anyone else will come here. Within the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, this Heaven Cauldron Pill Tomb should be rather famous. If someone heard about what happened here, they might be curious to come here, especially those fellows from the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect." ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Chen Xiang went into closed door cultivation inside the stone tablet. When he thought of the powerful existence World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, he could not help but worry.

Inside his Divine Sense Sea World, a dragon’s roar suddenly came. He had already succeeded in cultivating one of the Six souls to the World Defying soul.

The current Azure Dragon was just like this, possessing an extremely strong World Defying Stage Divine Power!

"Great, it’s just as I thought!" Chen Xiang was very calm at the moment. He would be able to cultivate all the World Defying soul very soon, and at that time, he would be at the World Defying Stage’s Profound Rank. Even if he didn’t have to worry about the World Defying dragon demon, he wouldn’t feel any pressure.

Time passed very quickly. After Chen Xiang ate a large amount of Heaven and Earth infinite Dan, he suddenly flew into the sky. The Six souls in his Divine Sense Sea had all evolved into World Defying soul.

"It’s a success, I’m already at the World Defying Stage’s Profound Rank now." Chen Xiang closed his eyes and activated the World Defying soul to release the power of the world. After entering his Primordial Profound Body, the God Power suddenly increased, this feeling of obtaining such a strong power always made him excited.

When Chen Xiang came out from the stone tablet, he found that the forest was very quiet. This was a very peaceful place, he wanted to cultivate here for a period of time.

However, there were still many matters and powerful enemies waiting for him outside!

When Chen Xiang came out, he immediately went to look for Tang Zhongjie and Fang Haoyun!

When he walked out of the forest, he suddenly felt that something was amiss. The Dan God Mysterious Land’s space suddenly fluctuated.

"Old Tang, Old Fang!" Chen Xiang anxiously shouted, the Dan God Mysterious Land was created by the Myriad Tao Dan God, it should be very sturdy, but right now, it seemed like he was being attacked, causing the space to fluctuate.

When Tang Zhongjie and Fang Haoyun heard Chen Xiang’s voice, they knew that Chen Xiang had come out of closed door cultivation, and anxiously rushed over.

"What’s going on? Why do I feel that the Dan God Mysterious Land is not stable? " Chen Xiang said, he was the most sensitive to the fluctuations of the spatial energy.

"There are experts from the World Defying Stage outside attacking. Although there are some unstable situations, the Dan God Mysterious Land will definitely be able to hold on." Fang Haoyun said, he understood Dan God Mysterious Land very well.

Because over the years, it wasn’t as if those World Defying Stage s had never thought of destroying the Dan God Mysterious Land, but they had never succeeded.

"Who could be attacking?" Chen Xiang frowned: "Maybe I’m too sensitive to the energy fluctuations in space, that’s why I thought I was going to be breached!"

"According to my experience, this should be an attack from the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, it might be the attacks of those guys that came out from here before. Only they would be so bored to attack here." Fang Haoyun said.

"That’s right, Elder Fang. When I came in with the Spirit Star, someone brought us in. Who is that fellow?" Chen Xiang asked.

He is the tomb guards here, but after you entered the stone tablet, he left. He left very early, his strength is quite strong, it seems like he is the cultivation of World Defying Stage, I do not know much about him.

Chen Xiang, Fang Haoyun and Tang Zhongjie came to the side of the stone tablet. Chen Xiang had previously said that he wanted to try and see if he could put this stone tablet away as he felt that this stone tablet was the foundation of the Dan God Mysterious Land.

Chen Xiang pressed his hands on the stone tablet, he wanted to keep the stone tablet. He had just had that thought, but then he suddenly felt a strong force in the air, and saw that he was in a blood red world!

This was the Wild Blood Land!

"The Heavenly Cauldron Pill Tomb is gone!" Chen Xiang looked at the small monument in his hand. He never thought that this would actually be a divine tool.

The interior of the Heavenly Cauldron Pill Tomb was the Dan God Mysterious Land, but he had already successfully kept it.

Fang Haoyun and the Tai Zun realm were currently inside the Dan God Mysterious Land, so Chen Xiang immediately let them out.

"The Wild Blood ... Are those guys before you the ones who just attacked Dan God Mysterious Land? " Fang Haoyun saw a few dozen people in front of him, and all of them were extremely shocked.

They had been crazily attacking the glittering Heaven Cauldron Pill Tomb, but the Heaven Cauldron Pill Tomb had suddenly disappeared!

"What kind of people are these?" Chen Xiang said: "They actually attacked so desperately, could it be that they want to enter?"

Chen Xiang took a glance and confirmed that these people were not the group that came from Dan God Mysterious Land. Although they all had the cultivation level of Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, their auras were not that strong.

"He’s also not a fellow from the Dragon Clan or World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect." Tang Zhongjie said: "Could it be that there are people from the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum?"

Chen Xiang shook his head, because Sun Lingxing had said before that there was only one living person in World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum. Although he had seen many people in the Dan God Mysterious Land later on, there was only one living person that was outside of the Dan God Mysterious Land, which was the black clothed middle aged man that Chen Xiang had met earlier.

"There are many tombs here, these tombs should be the same as the Dan God Mysterious Land, there are people inside, and all of them ran out! "I just don’t know why he was able to run out. Normally, this sort of situation only happens when the tomb is opened up." Fang Haoyun said. Initially, they were involved in the construction of the mausoleum.

"I never thought that there would be other tombs in this Savage Sanguine Land!" Chen Xiang said: "Let’s go and see if we can contact Spirit Star and the rest."

Sun Lingxing and Long Qiumu had long since left the Dan God Mysterious Land, and Chen Xiang had already given them Communication jade Symbol paper s a long time ago. He didn’t know if he could use them here, since space itself had been restricted!

Thinking of this, Chen Xiang immediately tried to use the power of space, and discovered that he could actually use it!

"What’s going on?" His heart was filled with surprise. Previously, he had tried a few times but to no avail. Now, however, he could.

"Could it be because I stepped into the World Defying Stage?" Chen Xiang immediately took out his Six Realms mirrors and entered the Six Realms Time and Space Door to check Long Qiumu’s Wheel of Fate.

He could not see Sun Lingxing’s Wheel of Destiny, but he could see Long Qiumu’s. He had also used this method to find Long Qiumu before.