Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

After Chen Xiang found Long Qiumu’s Wheel of Destiny, he teleported there with Tang Zhongjie and Fang Haoyun.

Being able to teleport meant that Chen Xiang could go near Long Qiumu.

When they arrived, they were immediately shocked. Waves of Qi waves continued to erupt, the sound never stopped, lightning flashed and thunder roared. The three types of World Defying Stage Divine Power continued to collide!

This was actually an extremely intense battlefield, where three World Defying Stage s were fighting!

"It’s the aura of the Spirit Star Sect and Qiu Mu. Who are they fighting against?" Although there are blue skies and white clouds here, the battle had created sand and dust and Long Qiumu and the others could not be seen directly. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"That person is very strong!" Those two girls should not be his match. " Fang Haoyun said.

"Yes, I just don’t know what kind of guy he is!" Chen Xiang immediately teleported over, and quickly saw who it was.

It was actually the Middle-aged Man in Black Robe they met when they first entered the room, but Chen Xiang remembered that it was someone Sun Lingxing recognized, so why were they fighting so intensely right now?

"Spirit Star, what’s going on?" When Chen Xiang appeared, the Middle-aged Man in Black Robe immediately stopped. He could already tell that Chen Xiang was not weak.

Sun Lingxing looked at the Middle-aged Man in Black Robe and said coldly: "This bastard stole all the things I had in my previous life, my previous life was inside a jade coffin. After we found it, this bastard suddenly jumped out and stole it!"

Sun Lingxing and Long Qiumu were very happy to see Chen Xiang suddenly appear here. They knew that Chen Xiang had definitely made a breakthrough and was very strong as well.

"Brother, it’s not right to steal from a girl’s house." Chen Xiang looked at Middle-aged Man in Black Robe, his tone carrying a trace of ridicule.

"She’s already dead, so what does the things she had in her previous life have to do with her? Right now, she had reincarnated, so how could she want the strength of her past life? Isn’t this letting her off easy? " Middle-aged Man in Black Robe’s fists suddenly emitted black Qi: "No matter who you are, as long as you stand up for her, you will be my enemy!"

"Despicable fellow, you were jealous of me when you didn’t get the qualification to enter reincarnation. Now that you’re stealing from my past life, you’re worried that I’ll become stronger." Sun Lingxing was very angry: "Don’t think that just because you’re here, you’re strong enough to guard the tomb!"

Sun Lingxing looked at Chen Xiang and she saw the confidence in his eyes. She knew that Chen Xiang could defeat this Middle-aged Man in Black Robe.

"Let me see just how strong this guy is. Even if he can break through, he won’t be that powerful. " The Middle-aged Man in Black Robe had seen Chen Xiang and Long Qiumu enter together, and the people who had entered from the outside only had the strength of Venerable Ancestor Later-stage.

Although the Middle-aged Man in Black Robe was surprised that both Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing were able to enter the World Defying Stage, he had just experienced Sun Lingxing’s strength, and knew that he was not as strong as him.

"You’ll regret it later." Chen Xiang suddenly flicked his palm, and a weak white light appeared. A small white tiger appeared in his palm.

Chen Xiang released a proud soul beast, he also wanted to see how strong this proud soul beast was.

Middle-aged Man in Black Robe was not afraid at all when he saw the little white tiger in Chen Xiang’s palm. Although he could feel that it was emitting waves of unparalleled power, he didn’t think it was anything amazing.

"I want to see how you make me regret it." Middle-aged Man in Black Robe punched him from afar, releasing a ball of black Qi that rushed over and instantly landed on Chen Xiang’s body.

However, Chen Xiang had already made his move at that time. After the little white tiger in his palm let out a wild hiss, it flashed with a blinding white light, and became extremely huge.

When the lump of black gas hit the White Tiger’s body, it forced it back a few steps. However, that angered it greatly.

Instantly, it arrived behind Middle-aged Man in Black Robe and clawed at him viciously with its huge and separated claws. Its speed was extremely fast, and it left several deep scratches on Middle-aged Man in Black Robe’s divine beast.

When the claws of the White Tiger emerged, it was like a dagger. If it grew a little longer, it might be able to grab Middle-aged Man in Black Robe and slice his body into pieces!

"It’s actually the White Tiger Leaping! It actually knows how to use this ability!" Chen Xiang was very happy. When the White Tiger teleported, it did give him a huge shock, as the White Tiger Dao mark was the ability that he used the most.

"This... This is the World Defying beast! " Middle-aged Man in Black Robe dodged the white light that the White Tiger shot out and shouted in shock.

Sun Lingxing was as shocked as the Middle-aged Man in Black Robe, because she knew how terrifying the World Defying beast was. The White Tiger in front of her was able to release a very strong World Defying Stage Divine Power, so she was very sure that the White Tiger was a World Defying beast.

Beasts that could use the World Defying Stage Divine Power were World Defying beast!

The white tiger used the White Tiger’s jump back and forth. This was an extremely fast spatial teleportation, the Middle-aged Man in Black Robe was unable to endure it and had difficulty dodging. In just a moment, one of his arms was sliced off by the tip of a claw.

"Hand over the jade coffin from Spirit Star, or else you’ll undoubtedly die today!" While Chen Xiang was speaking, another small cyan dragon appeared in his palm. This was yet another proud world soul beast!

In the eyes of Sun Lingxing and the Middle-aged Man in Black Robe, this was a powerful World Defying beast!

"I’ll give it to you!" The Middle-aged Man in Black Robe said as he waved his hand releasing a white light, flying towards Sun Lingxing.

Sun Lingxing hurriedly caught it and dripped blood on it.

After dripping blood, the jade coffin immediately opened and a white light shot out, enveloping Sun Lingxing’s body. Then, Sun Lingxing entered the jade coffin.

After the jade coffin closed itself, both Chen Xiang and Long Qiumu were slightly stunned.

"And then?" Chen Xiang could not help but ask.

"I’ll be out soon!" Sun Lingxing replied from inside the jade coffin.

"Then I’ll send you to the You Yao Mountain Villa!"

Chen Xiang placed the jade coffin into the You Yao Mountain Villa, and used the power of time to speed it up!

At this time, the White Tiger had also not attacked Middle-aged Man in Black Robe, Middle-aged Man in Black Robe had already personally witnessed Chen Xiang’s power, how could he still dare make a move, one White Tiger was enough for him to choke, let alone another Azure Dragon, at that time, the only thing that awaited him would be death.

If it was a World Defying Stage as powerful as him, he might not be afraid, because it would be very difficult to kill the World Defying Stage, especially for someone like him who could cultivate an unrivalled profound body.

However, he was very afraid of the World Defying beast, because the World Defying beast had a very strong digesting power. As long as he was eaten, he would be refined very quickly.

This was what the Middle-aged Man in Black Robe was very afraid of.

"We already said it earlier, you better not attack me!" After Middle-aged Man in Black Robe finished speaking, he immediately escaped. Seeing that Chen Xiang’s white tiger did not chase after him, he felt at ease.

"This guy really runs fast." Long Qiumu curled his lips, then looked at Chen Xiang, and laughed: "This guy, after entering World Defying Stage, you’re actually this powerful, with just a few casual moves, you scared him away."

"Let’s go, we’re going out right now. There are a lot of guys waiting for us outside for a long time, we can’t let them wait too long." Chen Xiang snickered.