Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang took out his Six Realms mirrors and looked for the Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable’s Wheel of Fate.

The Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable had already stepped into the World Defying Stage, but in order to enter the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum to find a way to cultivate the Primordial Divine Body, he had no choice but to reverse his cultivation. He had to enter on behalf of the Dragon Demons, otherwise there wouldn’t be many good people left.

Long Qiumu had already entered the You Yao Mountain Villa, he was just bringing Tang Zhongjie and Fang Haoyun to look for the Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable.

Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable is also in a large tomb, looking for mystery. "

The environment inside this large tomb was not bad. The weather was very good, it was much better than the Wild Blood ground that Chen Xiang had seen before.

"Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable, long time no see!" Chen Xiang brought Fang Haoyun and Tang Zhongjie and suddenly appeared, scaring Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable out of her wits.

"Chen Xiang!" When Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable saw Chen Xiang, he was extremely shocked. At the same time, he laughed coldly: "You actually came here to seek death yourself!"

At this time, the Dragon Demons who were looking for something nearby all came closer. Chen Xiang was their master’s bounty on him, the World Defying dragon demon hated Chen Xiang to the bones. They really wanted to capture Chen Xiang and eat him alive.

"Do you think I’m as stupid as you? I am not here to throw away my life, I am here to send you to your death. " Chen Xiang laughed as Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable threw a punch at him.

Tang Zhongjie groaned as he immediately reached out and grabbed Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable’s wrist. Then, he forcefully pinched and pulled, forcefully ripping off Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable’s arm.

When the other Dragon Demons saw it, they attacked one after another. Fang Haoyun also attacked! He turned into a white shadow, sweeping past the Dragon Demons, and their heads all fell to the ground. In the blink of an eye, all of the powerful Venerable Ancestor Later-stage Dragon Demons were killed by Fang Haoyun.

"World Defying Stage!" Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable finally realized that the two elders by Chen Xiang’s side were both from World Defying Stage, and they were much stronger than him.

Previously, the Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable entered the World Defying Stage through the half crippled World Defying soul, but Fang Haoyun and Tang Zhongjie had both cultivated the complete and strong World Defying soul!

"You ... "Don’t tell me you ..." Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable’s body could not help but tremble, his teeth chattering.

Chen Xiang immediately used his own strength to tell him, and with a single punch, he left a large hole in Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable’s chest.

"Even if you stepped into the World Defying Stage, you would definitely not be my master’s match." Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable said fiercely: "Chen Xiang, once you step into World Defying Stage, you will still be a weakling in front of World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor. Don’t be complacent!"

"Whether I’m weak or not, it’s not up to you, a dying Dragon to criticize me." After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he waved his hand and released a formless World Defying god fire.

The World Defying god fire was like a gust of wind that blew past. When it blew past the Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable’s body, it instantly turned him into a black mist and swept away.

The Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable was just a Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, it was as easy as cutting grass for Chen Xiang to deal with him.

"Chen Xiang, do you have confidence in dealing with the World Defying dragon demon?" Tang Zhongjie asked, "There are not only World Defying dragon demon outside, there are also those old fellows from World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect and those World Defying Stage s are also very strong."

"I know, now we only look at the Spirit Star." Chen Xiang hoped that after Sun Lingxing obtained the strength from his previous life, he would become even stronger.

"Let’s clean up all the little things in here first." When they came in earlier, Forget-me Divine Race, World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect and Dragon Demon had all come in a lot, and they were all very outstanding experts.

Chen Xiang was currently inside with Tang Zhongjie and Fang Haoyun to search for this group of people. These people all had the strength of Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, and could be considered strong in the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, but they were only ants in front of the World Defying Stage.

In less than a month’s time, Chen Xiang had more or less cleaned up these people.

"After a period of time, the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum will close and they will never be able to enter again." Fang Haoyun said, he had already understood the situation outside from Tang Zhongjie, he only managed to breakthrough to World Defying Stage with Chen Xiang’s help, which made it possible for him to live longer, so Chen Xiang needed help right now, so he would definitely do his best to help Chen Xiang.

"Other than the Myriad Tao Dan God technique, is there any other method to allow one to cultivate the Primordial Divine Body?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course there is, but it’s not easy to find! Quite a few people in the World Defying Stage Divine Realm have died here. " Tang Zhongjie asked something like that, because when Tang Zhongjie was outside, he knew that there was something inside, but he did not know how to find it.

"You want to look for it?" Fang Haoyun asked.

"Of course not! Even if there is another way, the difficulty must be high!" Chen Xiang said: "I think the method of refining pills is the fastest."

"Of course the difficulty is great. Back then, they were extremely abundant in resources, which was why they were able to succeed. However, it is different now. Even if we are able to find them, we might not necessarily be able to succeed." Fang Haoyun sighed: "It’s also because they excessively consumed a large amount of resources, which was why they were executed, and allowed the energy to return to the Myriad Tao." Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "So we cannot use their method. We have to use them to refine pills, and pill refinement will only consume the medicinal ingredients, it does not waste any energy in the Myriad Tao."

"Yes, actually, the ones who consume the most Myriad Tao’s power are the two stages of World Defying Stage’s Sacred Stage and Divine Stage. If there are too many people in these two realms and they grow by absorbing the Myriad Tao’s power, then in the end, the Myriad Tao’s power will be completely used up.

As long as one was in the Myriad Tao, the mysterious Myriad Tao’s Code would be the strongest, absorbing so much of the Myriad Tao’s power, causing it to be completely exhausted, and also being unable to escape from the world under the Code of Myriad Tao. Even if one cultivated the prideful Divine Body, becoming a peak existence, in the end, one would be mercilessly executed like an ant in the Myriad Tao’s Code.

Chen Xiang would definitely not walk this path, it was a dead end for him, especially if he did not turn back when he reached the World Defying Stage Sacred Stage.

"When we return, we must inform the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor, he is in danger now, if he were to suddenly reach the Divine level of World Defying Stage, it would be dangerous, unless we cripple his own cultivation." Chen Xiang was still very respectful to the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor. He felt that the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor had contributed greatly to his life.

Chen Xiang, Fang Haoyun and the others continued to wander around the place, investigating the tombs inside the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum. Some of the the tombs did indeed have secret realms inside them, and the descendants of the tomb master lived inside them.

only planned to go out after he came out from the jade coffin! It was because Sun Lingxing was already at World Defying Stage’s Holy-ranked. Although he was at the early stage of the World Defying Holy Body, he was not weak because the World Defying dragon demon was also around this level!