In Sun Lingxing’s previous life, her body had already decayed and turned into energy to be stored in the jade coffin. That was why the jade coffin was extremely important to her, it was the power of her previous life.

Right now, Sun Lingxing had already merged with the power inside the jade coffin, so her strength had risen by a lot. Chen Xiang felt that his Divine Sense Sea World was under a lot of pressure, all because of Sun Lingxing.

"How are things now?" Chen Xiang asked Sun Lingxing who was inside the You Yao Mountain Villa.

"I already have the power I had back then. I’m only at the initial stage of World Defying Holy Body now, but dealing with World Defying dragon demon shouldn’t be a problem." Sun Lingxing said.

"To think that it would be possible to fuse with all these powers so quickly, and even raise its physical body to the World Defying Holy Body." Chen Xiang exclaimed. This was much faster than consuming pills. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

"This is, after all, the power of my previous life, and I have already cultivated my physical body to a very good level. If it wasn’t for me entering here, I would be able to cultivate World Defying Holy Body outside by myself." Sun Lingxing laughed.

"Mn, then I will leave the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum right now. At that time, I might have to fight with those guys." Chen Xiang said, he had already made his preparations.

"Alright!" Sun Lingxing originally had a lot of battle experience, and adding that her cultivation had already returned to what it was in her previous life, it made her even more powerful. She really wanted to leave this place quickly to find the Forget-me Divine Race and get revenge on them.

"Spirit Star, you don’t have the cultivation level of the Primordial Divine Body, but why would you be executed?" Chen Xiang had always been very curious about this.

"I will die with you... Back then, the clan leader of my clan was too powerful and wanted to choose a few youths to die with him. Sun Lingxing sighed helplessly, "It’s a good thing that I managed to win the quota for reincarnation, but after I was born, I was still in the Sun family ... In other words, the Sun family in the Forget-me Divine Race is passed down from my previous family. "

This was also why Sun Lingxing did not have a good impression of the Sun family after reincarnating!

Furthermore, the Sun family had killed one of her closest kin in order to capture her. This was something she hated the most. Now that she had recovered her former strength, she had to find the Sun family for revenge.

"Let’s go out now!" Sun Lingxing felt the powerful energy in his body, and impatiently wanted to go out and take revenge on Forget-me Divine Race.

Chen Xiang was the same as well. For the past few days, he had been pressured by those forces outside, and now that he had become stronger, he was going to find those fellows to get revenge on.

The people outside might already know that he was dead, but they definitely would not know that Chen Xiang was the one who killed him, and they never thought that Chen Xiang would be so powerful!

There was initially a very mystical barrier around the forest, but the moment World Defying Stage entered the barrier, his cultivation would be pushed back and he would be able to return to the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage. However, when the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum opens, the effects of the barrier will disappear. In other words, the people from the World Defying Stage can go outside of the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum and enter the forest of the Everlasting Forest.

Ever since Chen Xiang and the others entered the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, the doors to the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum had always been closed. At this time, even though there were experts from the World Defying Stage inside the forest, they were still unable to enter the Sacred Mausoleum.

... ....

An elder dressed in a golden-white robe from World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect had a stern expression. He and a few other elders from World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect were all outside the mausoleum, while the other elders’ faces were extremely ugly. They had a few broken beads in their hands!

This pearl of life is the Pearl of Life, once bound to the Pearl of Life, as long as that person dies, the Pearl of Life will also shatter!

But now, the life orbs in their hands had all shattered, meaning that the people they sent in were all dead. Those people carried very difficult missions, and wanted to find a way to cultivate the Primordial Divine Body, so the people they sent in were all outstanding people within the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect!

But now, all of them had died. This was a huge blow to the few seniors of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect s.

The World Defying dragon demon and the group of Dragon Demons all had cold expressions on their faces. They were very clear on what happened to the Dragon Demons they sent in.

They did not expect the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum to be so dangerous, they had heard that the situation was not like this, they knew that there were not many living beings inside, and even if there were, they would not be very strong, the truly strong ones were already dead.

"Seems like a lot of your people died as well!" The number of outstanding people that their Forget-me Divine Race had sent in was no less than the number of Dragon Demons and World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect s.

"Is it really that dangerous inside?" The World Defying dragon demon frowned.

"As far as I know, there should only be one person left alive!" An old man from the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect said, "We shouldn’t have caused so many Venerable Ancestor Later-stage to die!"

"Could it be that Chen Xiang was doing this inside?" The World Defying dragon demon’s expression turned cold and said angrily: "This little bastard, only he has such strength!"

"But... But even he would not be able to defeat so many Venerable Ancestor Later-stage s so easily. "

"It’s hard to say, let’s continue waiting. Once Chen Xiang comes out, we will capture him." Head of Forget-me Race said, "Everyone, prepare your divine tools to catch this little schemer. He knows how to use the power of space and you can’t let him escape.

Just as he finished speaking, two figures suddenly appeared in front of the closed doors of World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum. It was Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing.

Chen Xiang let Tang Zhongjie and Fang Haoyun stay in the Dan God Mysterious Land, so they don’t have to do anything for now. Meanwhile, Long Qiumu and the Mei Jing Sisters were also preparing to attack inside the You Yao Mountain Villa.

When they were talking about Chen Xiang just now, Chen Xiang actually came out, and everyone did not have time to react!

Chen Xiang was also startled when she came out, but she was not. After all, she was once a figure, what kind of Myriad Star Goddess was that? She was extremely strong enough to cultivate the World Defying Holy Body.

"Attack!" When the World Defying dragon demon saw Chen Xiang and the others come out, it immediately felt that something was wrong. Sun Lingxing gave him a very powerful feeling, as if he was facing his own master, the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor.

Head of Forget-me Race and the few World Defying Stage s felt the same way, which made them overlook Chen Xiang’s existence. At this moment, Sun Lingxing was a huge threat to them.

The Forget-me Divine Race knew about Sun Lingxing’s situation, and this was also the reason why they never wished for Sun Lingxing to enter the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum!