Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Sun Lingxing’s beautiful eyes were filled with ice-cold killing intent, causing the Head of Forget-me Race and Sun family elders to tremble! As Sun Lingxing’s gaze swept across the World Defying dragon demon, it originally wanted to attack, but at this moment, it didn’t move an inch.

Previously, they had all hated Chen Xiang to the bones, but now they felt that Chen Xiang loved them more. At least Chen Xiang didn’t have such terrifying strength to threaten them!

Chen Xiang originally wanted to sneak attack the old fellow in World Defying Stage, but Sun Lingxing did not do so. Instead, he sent a sound transmission to the old man to let him observe the situation.

Sun Lingxing was one of those ancient World Defying Stage. Even those who had managed to cultivate and master the World Defying Holy Body were not her match. They all felt fear towards her body of ancient World Defying Stage Divine Power.

As long as the World Defying dragon demon s could cultivate the World Defying Holy Body, he would be able to reach the early stage of Divine Body just like the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor. However, when he faced Sun Lingxing, he felt a sense of fear from the bottom of his heart!

"Spirit Star, why haven’t you made your move yet?" Chen Xiang whispered to Sun Lingxing. He already knew that Sun Lingxing hated the Forget-me Divine Race to the core, but he was still not making a move now.

"If there were only these few people, the two of us together would definitely be able to deal with them. With Elder Fang, Old Tang, Old Tang, and those beauties, it wouldn’t be a problem at all. But there’s a guy around here I have to worry about. " Sun Lingxing said: "From this guy Chen Xiang’s Qi, he is also a World Defying Stage with an initial stage Sacred Body, his strength is on par with me."

There was actually a World Defying Stage with an initial stage Sacred Body nearby. This World Defying Stage was currently hiding and not showing himself, it was obvious that he was planning a sneak attack, so Sun Lingxing did not make a move.

Chen Xiang did not discover the World Defying Stage, but he was on guard. If the other party suddenly made a sneak attack and did not guard against it, he would definitely be in danger.

"Come out, you’re a dignified World Defying Stage, yet you’re actually hiding away like a coward." Sun Lingxing shouted coldly.

Sure enough, a faint golden light suddenly flashed past, and a handsome middle-aged man wearing a light gold robe appeared in front of Sun Lingxing.

"Allstar Goddess, I didn’t expect you to be resurrected." The middle-aged man said with a smile on his face.

When the middle aged man appeared, Chen Xiang noticed that the people of World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect had relaxed. It was clear that the powerful middle-aged man who suddenly appeared was World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect.

"Luo Jianqing, you should be a member of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect right? Do you want to become my enemy?" Sun Lingxing looked coldly at this middle-aged man: "I don’t have any hatred towards World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect right now, but of course, I don’t mind making him my enemy!"

Luo Jianqing laughed: How can I be your enemy? Alright, I promise you, World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect will absolutely not interfere in the grudge between you two today. "

Previously, the people of World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect had a common enemy with the Dragon Demons and the Forget-me Divine Race, but suddenly said that they wanted to leave, which made the World Defying dragon demon and the Head of Forget-me Race curse in their hearts.

Chen Xiang stared at the World Defying dragon demon, because there was the Natural Law Divine Lord beside the World Defying dragon demon, and the Natural Law Divine Lord was his main target!

At this time, the Natural Law Divine Lord was also with the World Defying Stage, but he had cultivated it using the half crippled World Defying soul, his strength was very weak, Chen Xiang was not afraid of the Natural Law Divine Lord at all!

"Spirit Star, you deal with those fellows from the Forget-me Divine Race, leave the World Defying dragon demon to me!" At this time, Chen Xiang also communicated with Tang Zhongjie and Fang Haoyun who were inside the Dan God Mysterious Land.

Then, he told Long Qiumu that he was ready to make his move. As for Mei Jing Sisters, he didn’t need them to do anything because World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect wouldn’t participate. But Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing would definitely guard against the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect.

On the World Defying dragon demon’s side, there were only the Natural Law Divine Lord and the Bone Emperor, the High Priest, the Ghost Emperor and the Dragon Devil Emperor Venerable that were killed by him. Compared to the Forget-me Divine Race, the strength of the World Defying dragon demon could be said to be very weak.

Although there were a few World Defying Stage s from the older generation in Forget-me Divine Race, Sun Lingxing had said that he could deal with them, and this was a grudge between her and the Forget-me Divine Race.

The World Defying dragon demon saw Chen Xiang staring at him, and laughed coldly: "Chen Xiang, don’t tell me you want to attack me? Why don’t you look at yourself first! Even my subordinates can kill you in an instant! "

Chen Xiang had hidden his strength too deeply, the people here were unable to see through his cultivation, and only Sun Lingxing knew how terrifying he was, "Just the two lackeys by your side who only know how to pick up trash to train, they can defeat me?" Chen Xiang looked at the Natural Law Divine Lord and Bone Emperor, and said with a sneer: "I remember that they all picked up trash’s half broken World Defying soul to cultivate with, and this kind of dog can actually become your subordinate, do you really like trash like this World Defying dragon demon? Or are you just a piece of trash, so you can only let this kind of trash be your subordinate! "

"Chen Xiang, don’t be too arrogant!" After Natural Law Divine Lord shouted angrily, he walked out and said to Chen Xiang: "Don’t you think that you’re very strong? Alright, I’ll give you a chance. Fight against me, and I shall see just how strong you are to dare spout nonsense here. "

Natural Law Divine Lord is challenging Chen Xiang!

Seeing this, Sun Lingxing did not immediately take action against Forget-me Divine Race.’s men were here anyway, no matter what, they could not escape.

"Fight you?" Chen Xiang could not help but laugh, laughed with extreme contempt, and said, "You think you can compete with me? You are not qualified! "

"As long as that woman behind you does not make a move, you and I will fight and die without a doubt." Natural Law Divine Lord was very wary of Sun Lingxing, because Sun Lingxing’s strength was so strong that even the World Defying dragon demon was afraid. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"I won’t do anything!" Sun Lingxing said.

"Alright then!" Chen Xiang, I will allow you three moves. Within these three moves, I will only dodge and not attack. Natural Law Divine Lord had used his clone to fight Chen Xiang before, but he failed at that time.

"Take a look!" Chen Xiang had already arrived behind Natural Law Divine Lord.

The Natural Law Divine Lord turned pale with fright. He knew that Chen Xiang could teleport, so he had mentally prepared himself for it, but he never expected that Chen Xiang’s speed would be so fast. Before Chen Xiang could even speak, Chen Xiang had already arrived behind him, so when he heard Chen Xiang’s voice, he was already covered by Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors!

Yes, Chen Xiang had come to the back of the Natural Law Divine Lord, and directly took out the Six Realms mirrors, placing the Natural Law Divine Lord inside!

And inside the Six Realms mirrors were a large number of Wangwo scent that he had refined using the derivation method and the Crash method. In just an instant, the Natural Law Divine Lord was completely drunk on the Wangwo scent and fainted.

"I already said that this guy is no match for me!" After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he had already disappeared. When he arrived behind an old man, a huge palm suddenly appeared and pressed down on him.

A wave of shaking power surged out in all four directions, this was impressively the Heaven Blasting Palm!

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" The Bone Emperor gave a miserable scream and its body instantly shattered, turning into a cloud of black ash and disappearing!