Although Bone Emperor was a World Defying Stage, if one were to use the half crippled World Defying soul to cultivate it, it could not even withstand a single blow from Chen Xiang. Just a little stronger than the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, and he would be able to kill it with a single palm!

When Chen Xiang took away the Natural Law Divine Lord, before anyone could react, the Bone Emperor was killed by him in the blink of an eye!

Everyone present was shocked, especially the World Defying dragon demon!

For Chen Xiang to have such strength, it meant that Chen Xiang was already a World Defying Stage!

It was understandable for Sun Lingxing to have stepped into the World Defying Stage. After all, Sun Lingxing had been in the World Defying Stage before, and she had also been in the World Defying Stage in her previous life.

But why is Chen Xiang also from World Defying Stage? Everyone here knew, it would be difficult to enter World Defying Stage, but Chen Xiang had always been a very young Venerable Ancestor Later-stage in their eyes, even if there were any opportunities, he should not have entered the World Defying Stage so quickly!

At this time, Sun Lingxing had already made her move, and rushed towards Head of Forget-me Race. She only released her power, but the entire forest suddenly trembled, and the mountains suddenly collapsed and the ground cracked!

"Old Tang, Old Fang, Qiu Mu, you guys go help out at Spirit Star. I’ll deal with the World Defying dragon demon myself!" Chen Xiang said, and then Tang Zhongjie, Fang Haoyun and Long Qiumu immediately came out and rushed towards Sun Lingxing. "

The Forget-me Divine Race Sun Lingxing faced had several World Defying Stage s, and only one of them managed to cultivate and produce World Defying Holy Body. The others didn’t, so Tang Zhongjie and the others were able to handle them.

With the outbreak of the war, the people of World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect floated high up in the air, trying to avoid the impact.

Although the World Defying dragon demon was shocked by Chen Xiang’s strength, he was not afraid of him. Instead, he was excited.

"Little thing, I won’t kill you. Your potential is much better than those trash." The World Defying dragon demon laughed out wildly, a black dragon head blade appearing in her hand, and her body also underwent a huge change.

Many stiff black scales appeared on his face, and his body became even bigger. His two arms were covered in thick scales, and both of his hands had turned into black dragon claws. Black evil aura surged out from his body, giving off a very powerful feeling.

A mass of black mist suddenly burst out from the World Defying dragon demon’s palm, revealing a gigantic black dragon head blade. Meanwhile, his lower body had actually turned into a cloud of gas, making him look like it was floating!

"I want to take you as my slave!"

In the blink of an eye, he was already in front of Chen Xiang, the dragon head blade hacked out, bringing along waves after waves of evil black Qi, ripping through space, shaking the ground, and instantly erupting with a berserking pressure. Chen Xiang could not help but bend his legs, his entire body instantly suppressed by an extremely strong pressure, causing him to be unable to move.

"Demonic!" Chen Xiang saw the dragon head black blade slashing down and roared. His chest suddenly flashed with a green light and a small green dragon suddenly flew out, opening its mouth and biting towards the World Defying dragon demon’s black blade.

When the World Defying Green dragon appeared, the Prideful Dragon’s might shook the world. Following the little Azure Dragon’s roar, the entire Prideful Forest was instantly enveloped by a green light, the little Azure Dragon instantly turned into a huge green dragon that covered the sky and floated in the air.

The World Defying dragon demon’s gigantic dragon head had already been destroyed by the arrogant Dragon Power that flew out of its mouth when it flew out!

The World Defying Green dragon’s body was incomparably huge, its entire body was shining with a dazzling green light, with a dragon’s might that overflowed into the heavens, it was mighty, causing the World Defying dragon demon to tremble all over!

High up in the sky, the people from the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect looked at the mighty green dragon and were all shocked.

"Sect Leader, this is a World Defying beast, and one of its Beast Emperors, the World Defying Green dragon! Could Chen Xiang have subdued this World Defying Green dragon inside the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum? " An old man said.

"I think so. It must be because he subdued the World Defying Green dragon that he became so powerful, and the World Defying Green dragon must have bestowed him with very powerful strength, allowing him to step into the World Defying Stage."

Luo Jianqing was the Sect Leader of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, he was not clear about this matter, they never would have thought that the World Defying Green dragon they spoke of, was actually cultivated by Chen Xiang!

"Chen Xiang... As long as you are lucky, I’ll let you live for a while longer. " The World Defying dragon demon’s legs had already gone soft, this powerful World Defying Green dragon looked very scary. Although it was only an arrogant profound body, its overall strength was far stronger than his World Defying Holy Body, he did not know why.

"Can you run?" Chen Xiang sneered, the World Defying dragon demon in the air suddenly released a sharp dragon’s roar, the sound wave turned into a ray of green light and struck down from the sky like a thunderbolt.

The powerful sound wave instantly pierced through the World Defying dragon demon’s head, going from its head to the World Defying dragon demon’s body, shaking the World Defying dragon demon until black blood was left all over.

The World Defying dragon demon did not die, it was only lying on the ground while screaming in pain. His eyes were filled with black Qi, and angrily looked at Chen Xiang: "Evil Ancestor will take revenge for me, Chen Xiang, you will definitely die a horrible death!"

"Kill him!" Chen Xiang said indifferently, the World Defying Green dragon swooped down from the sky, and when it landed on the ground, it suddenly turned into a ray of green light and entered the World Defying dragon demon’s body.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

A crack appeared on the body of the World Defying dragon demon, and waves of green light emitted from the crack!

Roar!

The World Defying Green dragon roared, supporting and exploding the World Defying dragon demon’s body. Along with the unceasing explosion of green light, the World Defying dragon demon’s shattered body was also wiped out by the intense Dragon Power released by the Azure Dragon.

The World Defying dragon demon actually died just like that, causing the few elders of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect s to be shocked. They were all from the World Defying Stage, so they knew that the World Defying dragon demon had a certain amount of strength, but they were actually killed by Chen Xiang!

"World Defying dragon demon s are evil beings themselves, but World Defying Green dragon s have a body full of righteous energy. Even if it’s just a profound body, it can easily exterminate this kind of evil beings." Luo Jianqing said: "Even so, the strength of this World Defying Green dragon is indeed frightening, and it has a huge potential!"

"Sect Leader... Should we ... " An old man said in a low voice. He was trying to steal it.

Luo Jianqing shook his head: "Sun Lingxing has already taken down the Head of Forget-me Race ... If you were to let me deal with Sun Lingxing and the World Defying Green dragon, I don’t have much of a chance of winning, but can you deal with Chen Xiang and the three World Defying Stage s? "

"But... That is a World Defying Green dragon! " An old man felt very regretful.

"Sooner or later, it will be ours, let’s go!" With that, Luo Jianqing turned into a streak of golden light and disappeared into the sky.

Sun Lingxing had already heavily injured Head of Forget-me Race, while the other Forget-me Divine Race s were also captured.

Chen Xiang walked over and looked at the purple-robed elder. This was Sun Lingxing’s uncle, and Chen Xiang had previously beaten the purple-robed elder up. The purple-robed elder had even mocked Chen Xiang for not being able to kill him. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Old man, do you still remember me?!" Chen Xiang walked over, narrowed his eyes and said.

"Of course I remember. You are very strong now, but you are still unable to kill me. Haha ..." I am not as easy to kill as those demons. " The purple-robed elder laughed sinisterly.