Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had also noticed earlier that although Sun Lingxing’s strength was stronger than the purple-robed elder, she was still unable to kill the purple-robed elder, much less the Head of Forget-me Race.

Although they were unable to kill them, they were still able to injure them. At this moment, they were both heavily injured and could not recover for a short period of time. They had already lost all ability to fight.

Tang Zhongjie said: "These fellows sure have thick skin. It’s indeed difficult to get rid of them!"

Chen Xiang looked at Sun Lingxing and saw that she had said softly: "It is indeed a little difficult to deal with them, but they are not impossible to kill.

Head of Forget-me Race laughed coldly: "Sun Lingxing, if you have the ability, why don’t you kill us now? Even though you grew up in the Forget-me Divine Race, you still do not understand us well enough. Although our World Defying Stage Divine Power is not as strong as you are, the strength of our flesh is not something that you can imagine. "

Just a moment ago, Tang Zhongjie had also said that these people’s skin was very thick, at the moment, they were only severely injured, their flesh did not sustain much damage, and the fact that their bodies could be so strong made Chen Xiang very curious.

"Oh, are you sure?" Sun Lingxing’s voice turned cold. A cluster of black flames suddenly leaked out from her fingertip, and then, she pointed at Head of Forget-me Race’s forehead.

This kind of black flame was extremely powerful, even from the side, Chen Xiang and the others could feel the heat waves of the flame being constantly released. Head of Forget-me Race’s forehead was being burned by this terrifying flame, which showed how much pain he was in, but it was not worth sympathizing with.

"The skin of these guys is really thick." Sun Lingxing burned them for a while. Other than for crying miserably, the skin on their foreheads were not damaged at all. Their bodies were truly terrifying.

Chen Xiang asked curiously: "Spirit Star, do you know how their bodies are cultivated to such a degree?"

"This should be something that you obtained from cultivating in the sacred grounds of Forget-me Divine Race. As for the method, I’m not too sure. You can search their soul and see their memories." Sun Lingxing said.

Chen Xiang immediately pressed his hand on the top of Head of Forget-me Race’s head and used Soul Absorbing Devil Spell, but he did not find anything.

"Haha ..." Don’t waste your time. You can’t do anything but torture us .... Furthermore, the more you torment us, the stronger we will become. " The Head of Forget-me Race laughed.

Chen Xiang took out the Wangwo scent s. This was a method that he had thought of that could torture them.

When the Wangwo scent appeared, Head of Forget-me Race and the purple-robed elder actually had a flash of excitement in their eyes. Sun Lingxing and Chen Xiang had both seen it.

Originally, Chen Xiang had planned to use Wangwo poison for them, but seeing their gazes just now, Chen Xiang kept the Wangwo poison. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Sun Lingxing sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang: "They seem to be extremely fond of Wangwo poison, there must be a reason behind this. I guess they probably used Wangwo poison to cultivate such a strong body!"

When Sun Lingxing said this, Chen Xiang immediately thought of many things, and said: "That’s right, for them to cultivate such a powerful body, they must have used a very cruel method to torture their own body ... But in order to cancel out the pain, they used Wangwo scent s to intoxicate themselves. This way, no matter how cruel the methods they used to cultivate their flesh and blood, they would not feel any pain. This way, their flesh and bones would also be refined, becoming increasingly stronger.

Sun Lingxing nodded. "That’s right, they must have found a way up there, but this is a wrong path, and if they go on like this, it won’t be long before they completely rely on Wangwo scent s."

"Looks like their bodies are filled with Wangwo poison. If the Wangwo poison flared up, wouldn’t it be very difficult for them?" Chen Xiang was shocked.

"It’s not that they’re uncomfortable, it’s that they’ll become extremely terrifying. The Wangwo poison will unleash the strongest power from their bodies, and maybe even cause their powers to explode several times over." Sun Lingxing said in a serious tone, "We must get rid of them before the poison breaks out. Otherwise, they will escape this calamity!"

Chen Xiang finally understood why Head of Forget-me Race and the others were so calm now. So it turned out that they had a way out, and they themselves clearly knew that if they were struck by the poison, they would become extremely powerful.

Chen Xiang took out his Heavenly magic sword and hacked down at the purple robed elder, causing waves of tremors. However, he was still unable to kill the purple robed elder, only making him scream in pain.

Sun Lingxing was also using various methods to attack the Head of Forget-me Race!

"Damn girl, no matter what, we are still your seniors. Since you’ve treated us like this, just you wait. I will definitely not let you get away with it." The purple-robed elder’s voice was filled with resentment.

The purple-robed elder was Sun Lingxing’s eldest uncle and the old lady and middle-aged man were her eldest aunt and uncle. However, Sun Lingxing did not treat them as her family, because she could not feel any kinship between them.

"You won’t have a chance." Sun Lingxing said, she was currently facing Head of Forget-me Race and was releasing punches nonstop, although the ground was trembling nonstop, Head of Forget-me Race did not sustain much damage.

"Just wait and see." The purple-robed elder laughed sinisterly.

Seeing that these Forget-me Divine Race were all looking forward to their revenge, Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing was even more certain that they were waiting for the poison to act up.

"Haha ..." "Haha ..." Head of Forget-me Race suddenly laughed extremely crazily. His skin started to turn black, and his veins started to bulge out sinisterly, as though something was wriggling inside them.

Sun Lingxing anxiously took a few steps back, because at the moment, Head of Forget-me Race’s body was releasing waves after waves of Qi, setting off waves after waves of astral winds.

Seeing that, Chen Xiang anxiously let Tang Zhongjie and Fang Haoyun enter the Dan God Mysterious Land, allowing Long Qiumu to enter the You Yao Mountain Villa.

"What should we do? Are we going to let them go just like this? " Sun Lingxing said as she clenched her teeth.

"No, there must be a way." Chen Xiang took a deep breath, he looked at the purple robed elder and the other two, and at the moment, when they saw Head of Forget-me Race’s sinister look, they became excited, as if they could turn the tables immediately.

"Hurry up, or it’ll be too late!" Sun Lingxing urged Chen Xiang, if he could not make a move, he had to leave quickly. At this time, the outburst of such a terrifying power from the Head of Forget-me Race had already scared Sun Lingxing.

Chen Xiang took a deep breath, let out a low growl, and then placed his palm towards the Head of Forget-me Race’s mouth that was currently roaring wildly, and released a wave of World Defying god fire in!

The World Defying god fire gushed into the Head of Forget-me Race’s body like a torrent. Chen Xiang immediately controlled the World Defying god fire to burn the exploding Wangwo poison in the Head of Forget-me Race’s body!