Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

World Defying god fire could burn many things, especially when activated with World Defying Stage Divine Power, the flames were even more ferocious, capable of burning away everything! Chen Xiang would now use the World Defying god fire to burn the Wangwo poison in Head of Forget-me Race’s body.

The poison power within the Head of Forget-me Race had settled in too much, and after a while, it turned into a very terrifying poison power. Because of the Wangwo poison’s characteristics, every so often, this poison power would burst out, making people lose their minds, becoming crazy and scary.

However, after being refined by Chen Xiang using his World Defying god fire, the Head of Forget-me Race that was originally preparing to explode, had already gradually withered away. The Wangwo poison in his body had been quickly burnt by Chen Xiang, and turned into bursts of black aura that gushed out!

Chen Xiang never thought that he would actually be helping this Head of Forget-me Race cure the poison, but it is indeed a very effective method, at least he will not be able to release such a strong and terrifying poison. Otherwise, if he and Sun Lingxing are unable to do anything at that time, he will be forced to escape in the end. "

When the purple robed elderly man saw that Chen Xiang actually had a way to dispel the poison’s explosive state, he was extremely terrified. He knew that this was the only way to reverse the situation, but it had already lost its effect.

Sun Lingxing, who was originally very nervous, heaved a sigh of relief at this moment. Then, he looked at the purple-robed elder and the others, and coldly laughed. "Humph, it’s nothing much!"

"You ... "So what, you still can’t kill us, haha ..." The purple robed elder continued to provoke Sun Lingxing.

However, as Head of Forget-me Race let out a blood-curdling scream, the purple-robed elder’s laughter also stopped!

They just saw Head of Forget-me Race’s body slowly melting! ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Chen Xiang also did not expect his World Defying god fire to be so terrifying, to actually be able to melt the Head of Forget-me Race’s World Defying Holy Body that easily.

"Spirit Star, do it!" Chen Xiang smiled slightly: "This guy’s body has become very weak now."

"Alright!" Sun Lingxing’s eyes were filled with surprise and joy. He immediately waved his sword and cut off Head of Forget-me Race’s arm.

"Who says we can’t kill him?" Sun Lingxing was very happy, and then he stabbed out a few times. Head of Forget-me Race was extremely terrified right now.

"It’s the World Defying god fire!" Head of Forget-me Race shouted in shock.

"Not bad, being burned to death by a World Defying god fire can be considered good fortune." Sun Lingxing raised his hand and summoned a meteor. Although this meteor was very small, it came down from the sky and struck Head of Forget-me Race’s body, releasing an extremely strong pressure that crushed Head of Forget-me Race into white powder.

Seeing this, the purple-robed elder and the others’ faces immediately turned ashen!

Head of Forget-me Race, who was so much stronger than them, was killed, let alone them!

Chen Xiang chuckled, then released a wave of World Defying god fire that enveloped the purple robed elder and the others!

The World Defying god fire could not see it, but they could feel it, especially the people who were targeted by the World Defying god fire, they were suffering from the pain of being burnt.

Just like before, Sun Lingxing summoned a few popular pills, exterminating all of these World Defying Stage s!

"We’ve finally gotten rid of these guys!" Sun Lingxing heaved a sigh of relief.

Chen Xiang nodded and said: "I still have something important to do!"

The Natural Law Divine Lord had already been captured by him, so he wanted to take back control of the Natural Law World from the Natural Law Divine Lord. Only by doing this, he could relax, he did not know how great of a change the Natural Law World would make, but he was sure that his friends and relatives were all good people, and that was what he had seen through the Fate Wheel in the Six Realms Time and Space Door.

Natural Law Divine Lord was knocked down by Chen Xiang using his Wangwo poison and was still inside the Six Realms mirrors, intoxicated from drinking too much!

After Chen Xiang let him out, he was still trembling on the ground with an intoxicated expression.

"How much poison did you use on that fellow?" Sun Lingxing laughed: "If we just kill him like that, wouldn’t that be letting him off too easily? Let him die so comfortably! "

"There’s no other way. Only in this way would I be able to prevent him from bringing the Natural Law World to their deaths." Chen Xiang helplessly spread out his hands, then placed them on Natural Law Divine Lord’s chest.

"I plan to devour everything about him. This should be enough to allow me to take control of the entire Natural Law World." Chen Xiang activated his Devouring magic kungfu, then earnestly devoured everything within the Natural Law Divine Lord.

The Natural Law Divine Lord was not very strong in the first place, he was just a half-baked World Defying Stage. The power in his body was not very useful for Chen Xiang, what Chen Xiang needed was the contract power he had with the Natural Law World.

Not long after, Chen Xiang gradually sensed that a world had appeared before his eyes, and in a short while, he could clearly see that vast world.

"Success, is this the Natural Law World?" Chen Xiang couldn’t help but become excited, and the worry in his heart for all these years was finally lifted.

The Natural Law World was developing very well now, he felt that the Natural Law World was not inferior to the Divine Wasteland. As long as he had enough time to grow, he would be able to nurture the Myriad Tao’s power in the near future.

And what made Chen Xiang surprised was that after he had taken control of the Natural Law World, he could actually feel that there was a very strong power within the Natural Law World that he could use!

"It’s a good thing that I can release the Natural Law Divine Lord. Otherwise, if he uses the power of the Natural Law World, it might cause the entire Natural Law World to collapse." Chen Xiang carefully sensed for a bit and discovered that the energy stored within the Natural Law World was extremely strong and abundant. Even though he had already cultivated the almighty profound body, he was still shocked by this energy.

Natural Law Divine Lord had already woken up. After all, the entire Natural Law World had been cut out by Chen Xiang, which caused him to suddenly sober up.

"Chen Xiang... "You shameless bastard!" Natural Law Divine Lord bellowed, all the energy in his body had also been devoured by Chen Xiang, and at that moment, he was just a cripple.

"I’m not as shameless as you!" Chen Xiang laughed, "Is the Wangwo poison satisfied? You’ll find it even more satisfying later on. "

How could the Natural Law Divine Lord not know the power of Wangwo poison? Hearing Chen Xiang’s words, he could not help but tremble, if the Wangwo poison flared up, he would definitely be in great pain.

"Lingxing, watch this guy. I have something to do first." Chen Xiang sat cross-legged on the ground and then looked carefully at the Natural Law World. He wanted to see if he could find Xue Xianxian and the others.

Very quickly, he found the valley where the Hundreds of Flowers Village was, but he couldn’t see the Hundreds of Flowers Village inside.

"Did they change places?" Chen Xiang felt extremely puzzled.

He was sure that Xue Xianxian and the others were fine, but they were no longer in the same place as before.

Just as he was about to look for somewhere else, he suddenly saw a white figure appearing from the valley.

Behind Long Xueyi, there was also a little white cat following him. It was Yue’er, the little kitten.