Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang and Sun Lingxing left the Prideful Forest, since the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum here had not been closed yet, they could still go in now. As for whether or not they could find a good inheritance inside, no one knew.

"I wonder how World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor is doing now. His strength seems to be stronger than World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor and World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor." Chen Xiang was more worried about this, so he increased his speed on his way back.

He was given a lot of hope by the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor back then, so if there was any mistake, he would feel very guilty. "

Chen Xiang brought Sun Lingxing and quickly arrived at the Sea of Wangwo flower.

"This sea of flowers is extremely dangerous. Should we remove it?" asked Sun Lingxing. Since the Forget-me Divine Race was still here, Sun Lingxing had no plans to go back. She understood the dangers of these Wangwo flower very well.

"If you can get rid of it, then do it! This place will be exposed sooner or later, and there will be a lot of people coming from the bottom of the pit. " Sun Lingxing said: "World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum does not need any protection, there are dangers inside World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum itself."

Originally, there were no Myriad Tao Mausoleum s here, and maybe in the future, they would disappear and this World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum would appear again.

"Alright, I’ll try." Chen Xiang released a wave of World Defying god fire s.

A wave of scorching heat appeared and the beautiful purple Wangwo flower below gradually turned into purple light mist, and then evaporated and disappeared.

When Chen Xiang saw that it was effective, he immediately released a large number of World Defying god fire s.

The World Defying god fire burned for several hours before finally burning this entire sea of Wangwo flower!

"It won’t grow back." Chen Xiang said: "Since it’s like this, then we no longer have to worry about having lunatics like Head of Forget-me Race!"

Sun Lingxing nodded his head, if not for Chen Xiang using his World Defying god fire to stop Head of Forget-me Race and the rest, they would have all escaped by now. If they continued to rely on his Wangwo poison to raise their strength, before long, they would have lost their minds and become terrifying existences.

Sun Lingxing looked at the distant forest and sighed softly. Then, he followed Chen Xiang and left for the Dead Land.

"Spirit Star, when Natural Law Divine Lord died, he said that Myriad Tao Divine Mountain was there to pick slaves to build a World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum. What was going on?" Chen Xiang said: "Although this guy is detestable, his words are still rather reliable."

"We love and hate the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain!" Sun Lingxing said: "At the very beginning, the people from the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain taught us how to make use of the power of the Myriad Tao, allowing us to grow quickly. In the end, when they thought about how the power of the Myriad Tao would be exhausted, they made a rule to kill us."

"The words of the Natural Law Divine Lord are indeed correct. The appearance of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain there, the inheritance there, and the people there becoming stronger are all very likely because they are planning to use the life there. As for whether or not they want to build a new World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, I am not sure! But it’s probably not going to be a good thing. " Sun Lingxing said: "But World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect is also there, so this must be some sort of secret that led to it being there."

"The strength of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain does not look as strong as it used to be. Otherwise, they would definitely not allow the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect to exist."

Before, Chen Xiang had thought that the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain was a good thing, because the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain had passed down many things to the Heavenly Dragon City and them, allowing them to increase their strength quickly.

But from the looks of it, the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain was uneasy but had good intentions! L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Who was the person responsible for the construction of this World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum all those years ago?" Chen Xiang asked: "The composition of the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum’s space is very strong. Inside is a very big world with many mausoleums, it should have been created by a group of strong people right?!"

"It was built by us. Quite a few guys that lied inside had done it. It’s just that at that time, we didn’t know it was their own mausoleum. We only found out about it at the end!" Sun Lingxing sighed: "At that time, many people were trapped inside, and if they were unable to absorb the Myriad Tao’s power outside, without levelling up, they would die of old age!"

"That’s why I have to say, that Myriad Tao Dan God is quite amazing. The Dan God Mysterious Land he built is really amazing, he was able to generate Myriad Tao’s power on his own, and he could even make a breakthrough inside. Many of the people who were at the same time as the Myriad Tao Dan God back then are definitely dead now." Sun Lingxing said.

"En!" Chen Xiang agreed very much with Sun Lingxing’s words. Myriad Tao Dan God was indeed very powerful, able to escape the control of the Myriad Tao’s laws.

At this time, Chen Xiang kept an eye on the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, he immediately went to see outside of the Hundreds of Flowers Village, and did not see anyone appear. He wanted to quickly inform the women inside the Hundreds of Flowers Village of this matter, so that they would be wary of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain.

Not long later, Chen Xiang saw a white figure!

"Little Naughty Dragon, Yue’er!" Chen Xiang anxiously shouted, it was Long Xueyi and Yue’er who had returned!

"Little Scoundrel!" Long Xueyi and Yue’er shouted in alarm at the same time, they still did not know about Chen Xiang’s situation.

"Where are you? Hurry up and come out, I miss you so much! " Long Xueyi looked around anxiously.

"Hehe, I also miss you a lot!" Chen Xiang laughed, and then gave a simple explanation of how he obtained control of the Natural Law World from the Natural Law Divine Lord.

When Long Xueyi and Yue’er heard about it, they were also extremely shocked. Chen Xiang had actually become so powerful, but unfortunately, they were still unable to return to the Natural Law World.

"Chen Xiang, do you have a World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect at your side?" Yue Er suddenly asked.

"Yes, you know?" Chen Xiang said.

"I heard the people of Myriad Tao Divine Mountain mentioned that they were very rampant in the Divine Wasteland." Yue’er said: "The people from the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain told us that when the time is right, we should bring us to the Divine Wasteland to eliminate the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect."

"The Myriad Tao Divine Mountain is not a good place, you guys have to be careful!" Chen Xiang warned repeatedly, "Even though World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect isn’t anything good, at the very least, you all should know that Myriad Tao Divine Mountain is very sinister."

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" "That’s impossible!" Long Xueyi didn’t dare believe it, because they truly felt that the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain was very good.

"Let Qilian out, I want to have a chat with her."

Long Xueyi let Yue’er enter the Hundreds of Flowers Village and called Lv Qilian out.

Long Huishan had also come out with Long Huishan. They were all the managers of the Hundreds of Flowers Village and at this time, they were also the women with the highest cultivation and the strongest power.

Seeing the appearance of the two great beauties, Chen Xiang felt joy in his heart, and couldn’t help but recall all of the gentleness and charm of Lv Qilian.

Chen Xiang made a long story short, and told the matter of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain to Lv Qilian and the others, allowing them to understand what role the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain played in the ancient Divine Wasteland in the past.

"If you hadn’t told us these things, we really wouldn’t have known that the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain would actually do such a thing!" Lv Qilian’s expression became solemn, and said to Long Huishan: "Hui Shan, make a trip to Heavenly Dragon City, tell Long Jiuxiao about this matter, and make sure they are on guard against Myriad Tao Divine Mountain. You must pay attention, and don’t make it too obvious about that, it will cause Myriad Tao Divine Mountain to become wary."