Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

If it was anyone else, Lv Qilian and the others would definitely not believe it, unless there was any evidence! However, they would have definitely believed in Chen Xiang’s words. If not for Chen Xiang, the Natural Law World wouldn’t be like this back then.

After the agreement was made, Chen Xiang was a lot more at ease. He also asked the Hundreds of Flowers Village to come out once in awhile, so he could contact him this way.

At this time, he and Sun Lingxing had already entered the Dead Land!

Stepping into the Dead Land, a wave of deathly aura blew across. Chen Xiang immediately sensed that a few Evil Ancestor Demon Guards were rushing over.

"These guys are getting more and more sensitive!" Chen Xiang allowed Sun Lingxing to enter the You Yao Mountain Villa, then he teleported himself to an underground secret room.

World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor’s soul fragment was still here. When he saw that Chen Xiang had arrived and become very strong, he was overjoyed!

"Dragon Ancestor, what’s the situation now?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"Not good. The World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor is getting stronger and stronger for some reason. Previously, the Daofather and I fought with him. We almost couldn’t beat him." World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor said, "What about you? How are things going? "

"The World Defying dragon demon was killed by me, along with his group of brothers. They were all killed by me, how am I supposed to get into that seal?" Chen Xiang said: "Or is it to remove the seal and let you out?"

"What is your current cultivation level?" The World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor only had a soul fragment at the moment, so he could not see Chen Xiang’s true strength, but he was sure that Chen Xiang was definitely in World Defying Stage right now.

"World Defying Stage’s Profound Rank has just reached the initial stage. I’ve just cultivated the Primordial Profound Body and World Defying soul!" Chen Xiang said, according to cultivation level, he was indeed at this cultivation level, but his strength was not.

Because his World Defying soul were six proud and unparalleled soul beasts, and only one was a World Defying beast with an arrogant and profound body, its strength was extremely terrifying, and one could not directly see it with their cultivation.

"So fast!" The World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor was extremely shocked, he felt that it was already pretty good that Chen Xiang was able to enter the World Defying Stage.

"Dragon Ancestor, the situation outside is not looking good either!" A World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect or something has appeared. " Chen Xiang said.

Sure enough, when he talked about World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, his expression changed and was filled with worry.

"This damned World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, he actually broke the seal." World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor scolded in a low voice: "It seems you know what kind of trash this World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect is!"

Chen Xiang had told him before that the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect was not a good person and that he could tell this from the joint forces of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect and the Dragon Demon.

"But you don’t have to worry. If the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect really does appear, then his sworn enemy should be appearing soon." He seemed to know more than Sun Lingxing. After all, Sun Lingxing was already sealed in the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum back then, and the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect was only built later on.

Who is World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect’s sworn enemy? Although Chen Xiang had the answer in his heart, he didn’t dare to be sure.

"Myriad Tao Divine Mountain!" World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor said, "This Myriad Tao Divine Mountain and this World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect have never stopped!"

"Why?" This was exactly what Chen Xiang had guessed, Myriad Tao Divine Mountain and World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect were indeed sworn enemies.

"I just heard that the Daofather said that the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain was in charge of executing the punishment of the Myriad Tao’s laws, and the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect had violated the punishment, and had even fought against the executor back then. This caused the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect to be sealed." The World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor said.

The World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect was indeed sealed for a period of time. Tang Zhongjie was originally from the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, but he never thought that it would be sealed by the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain.

Tang Zhongjie had said before, that the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect was sealed by a mysterious power and it was actually done by the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain. The Myriad Tao Divine Mountain was indeed very strong, but the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect was not weak either, to actually be able to break the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain’s seal.

In order for Chen Xiang to know more about the matters of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, he told the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor about the appearance of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect and the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain.

"Before the Natural Law Divine Lord died, he said that the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain was there to find slaves, so he passed down many things to the people there." Chen Xiang asked: "Is that true?"

World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor frowned: "There is such a possibility, in short, Myriad Tao Divine Mountain is extremely ruthless. In order to reach their goal, they use any means they can, and all living things are just a ball of energy in their eyes! They look down upon living beings, mainly because the people of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain are ruthless lives created by the laws of the Myriad Tao! "

"Cold and emotionless is the most obvious characteristic of the people of Myriad Tao. Other than that, they also have evil tendencies, such as greed, bloodlust and so on. After all, life is like grass in their eyes, so they would definitely treat humans very badly. "

Chen Xiang now had a clearer understanding of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain. The World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor was originally also from the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, so he was sure that he had come into contact with the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain before, which was why he had such a conclusion.

"Therefore, Myriad Tao Divine Mountain appearing in the Natural Law World is most likely because he wants to train the people there to become powerful and then make them use it. We must be careful of that, if we let them control it, then it would be extremely terrifying!" World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor said: "You said before, that World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect only appeared there after Myriad Tao Divine Mountain appeared, right?"

Chen Xiang had told him this, because the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain appeared first, it allowed them to have a certain level of power foundation to resist the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, and the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect also made them feel extremely disgusted! Because the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain had helped them, they had a good impression of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain. It could be said that they completely trusted the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain and frequently sent people to the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain.

Chen Xiang explained the details again!

"Then we should be even more careful." The World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor said, "Now the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain will begin to create conflicts between the humans there and the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect. Once the time is right, the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain will make a move on the humans there."

Chen Xiang had already warned Lv Qilian and the others before, telling them to be careful of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"Dragon Ancestor, World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor has created so many worlds. After following him for so many years, you must have experience in these areas! I want to ask, how do I get back to the Natural Law World? Even though I am able to channel the power of the Natural Law World, I don’t feel that I am controlling the operation of the Natural Law World at all. " Chen Xiang said. He had previously tried to change the timing and circulation of the Natural Law World, but he could not succeed.

"The reason why you are still unable to control it is because the overall strength of that world is already greater than your current strength." World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor said, "The Taoist is also in the same situation. He is currently unable to control the world he created!"

"Actually, this is also one of the Myriad Tao’s rules. A world is equivalent to a living being, if your strength makes this world weak, you simply cannot change the rules of this world. This is a normal phenomenon! Right now, you can at least absorb the power of the Natural Law World, but the Daofather has created so many big and small worlds, making this world colorful and he can’t absorb a single bit of it. " World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor had a look of helplessness on his face.