Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

When Chen Xiang thought about it, he also felt a bit helpless. The world that the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor created to produce such a powerful living being, he was unable to absorb even the slightest bit of its power! In the end, it had to be sealed.

"If you want to go back, then this might be a bit difficult. But, I think there’s still some hope for you since your power of space is so powerful!" The World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor said, "Of course, this is mainly because your strength is too strong, and also because you are the controller of the Natural Law World, the Myriad Tao’s Rules do not allow you to return!"

"However, you can try to use your clone to go back!"

Previously, Natural Law Divine Lord had gone back overboard. That clone was not very strong.

Chen Xiang needed to use his clones to bring back a few things, especially the ingredients needed to refine Heaven and Earth infinite Dan s, which could allow a person to step into the World Defying Stage. Although this pill was rather hard to refine and required World Defying god fire s, he felt that Feng Yujie, Hua Xiangyue and the others would have a way to solve this problem.

Furthermore, he even planned to refine a few more World Defying Stage Divine Power Pearls for them to absorb their divine power to use!

"If they could cultivate World Defying god fire, then it would definitely be twice the result with half the effort! I need to hurry up and refine more World Defying Stage Divine Power Pills for them. " Chen Xiang thought, and he also had something he needed to busy himself, which was to help the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor escape.

"We’ll talk about this later!" Chen Xiang said: "Dragon Ancestor, I need to quickly help you guys defeat the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor ... ... "Oh right, I still have a friend in the World Defying Stage who is in the Profound Rank to help me! — — Read — Fiction {b} {d} {u}"

Chen Xiang anxiously asked Sun Lingxing to come out, Sun Lingxing’s strength was still very strong, although she was only at the initial stage of the Saint Body, she used all sorts of ancient techniques, and was extremely powerful.

"Alright, now you can enter the seal ... Initially, it was very easy for me to get in as well. But once we do, we can immediately kill the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor. " Seeing that Sun Lingxing had such a powerful helper, World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor was extremely happy and quickly replied.

Sun Lingxing asked: "Is World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor also a member of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect?"

World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor didn’t understand Sun Lingxing, but he knew that such a strong woman like Sun Lingxing definitely had an extraordinary background. He believed in Chen Xiang, so he didn’t inquire about Sun Lingxing’s background.

"Yes, we were originally all from World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, but the Dao Ancestor and I were seen by them as traitors. The World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor and the World Defying dragon demon were here to kill us." World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor said: "This is mainly because the things that World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect told us to do back then were too ... This touches upon the bottom line of the Daofathers. The Daofathers definitely didn’t want to do this, so we left the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect. "

"Who knew that not long after we left the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain used a lot of power to seal the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect."

Sun Lingxing said: "Then we must immediately kill World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor, or else World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect will come and save him! Back then, because World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect was afraid of me, he gave up on saving the World Defying dragon demon. You all became enemies with the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, but the strength of the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor was very strong, so maybe they would really cherish the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor a lot. After all, right now, the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect needs to be strong enough to fight against the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain. "

"Yes, immediately enter the seal!" World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor thought about this, his face changed as he anxiously replied.

Under the guidance of the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor, Chen Xiang brought Sun Lingxing to the seal in the middle of the Dead Land.

It was indeed easy to enter, so Chen Xiang used a spatial jump to easily enter!

There was a huge hall inside. It should have been an underground palace but it had already been sealed up by a powerful enchantment and the energy it consumed came from the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

In order for the Divine Wasteland to operate steadily, the construction of the Myriad Tao Mausoleum attracted a large number of evil demons, and only the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor was able to leave. In order to trap the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor, the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor had no choice but to use himself to lure the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor into the barrier.

When Chen Xiang arrived, he saw the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor and an old man sitting cross legged in a corner, and in the other corner was an old man dressed in a black robe who emitted a black Qi. This old man had a dense Evil Qi, so he should be the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor! After he discovered Chen Xiang, he flew over with an extremely fast speed.

World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor and World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor also anxiously attacked! After pushing World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor back, Chen Xiang could clearly see his appearance. He had guessed that the Half-ghost Old Man was the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor, but he did not!

World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor was very kind. He had white hair and white eyebrows, was tall and thin, wore a white robe, and currently, he was smiling benevolently at Chen Xiang.

"You actually let a little ghost in to die, haha ..." Looks like you guys don’t have much ability after all! "How many years has it been since I’ve raised such a little kid?" The World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor laughed from afar.

"It’s still better than yours. You raised so many underlings, took out so many crippled World Defying soul, and thought that they would become stronger to help you. But what about now? No one can be seen! " He already knew that Chen Xiang had killed the World Defying dragon demon, but he did not say anything.

"Don’t be complacent." Although the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor saw Chen Xiang coming in, he was not worried at all. It was as if he had something to rely on.

Seeing World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor’s reaction, Chen Xiang and World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor looked at each other. This meant that the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor was waiting for the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect to save him. They did not know how many strong World Defying Stage there were within the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, but it was enough to save the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor!

World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor had stayed here with World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor for many years, so they definitely could not allow World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor to be saved!

Suddenly, Chen Xiang heard the sound transmission from the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor: "Little friend, I will attack together with Xiao Long later. You see the opportunity to attack, see the opportunity to let that girl out! We have to deal a fatal blow to World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor, and taking into account that World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect might come at any moment, we originally wanted to discuss this thoroughly, but we had no choice but to end this quickly! "

"Alright, I’m ready!" Chen Xiang inspected all the various divine artifacts he could use before replying.

Receiving his reply, World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor suddenly teleported behind World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor, the white rod in his hand already smashed onto World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor’s head! Puchi!

The World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor was also prepared, after all, he and the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor had been stuck in this mess for many years. Although he had gotten hit on the head, he did not sustain any serious injuries.

The Evil Ancestor snorted, he immediately retaliated, and in an instant, a rumbling sound came out, the red and white light constantly flashed, the astral wind filled the entire hall, and a burst of energy surged out, causing Chen Xiang to be unable to endure it! Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

The World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor also attacked, his speed was also very fast, using two swords, he had already charged into the battlefield and was cooperating with the Dao Ancestor to attack the Evil Ancestor!