Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

The World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor didn’t seem to know about the World Defying dragon demon’s death, and from the looks of it, he was still waiting for the World Defying dragon demon to save him. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be so calm and collected right now, and he also didn’t understand Chen Xiang well enough, so he thought that Chen Xiang was a very ordinary World Defying Stage.

Chen Xiang felt that it was a little strange. World Defying dragon demon and World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor had such a close relationship, and now that they were dead, World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor did not have any other reactions!

At this moment, the Dragon and Daofather were using all of their strength to fight the Evil Ancestor. However, it was still very difficult for them to win, which showed how powerful the Evil Ancestor was.

"This World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor is indeed very powerful. No wonder the Dragon and Daofather were unable to kill him here for so many years." What Chen Xiang did not expect was that World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor would actually receive a fierce punch from the Evil Ancestor.

After the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor was flung into the air, Chen Xiang immediately rushed over to catch it.

"I’m fine, don’t do anything for now." World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor took a deep breath and rushed out.

The battlefield was extremely chaotic and intense. World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor and World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor had coordinated very well for so many years, and their fighting techniques were very compatible.

"He’s here!" When Chen Xiang saw World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor use that kind of terrifying attack again, it was from his fist striking out a red and blue light ball. When it exploded out, that wave of red and blue astral wind caused Chen Xiang’s entire body to feel extremely pained.

"This fellow’s strength can actually penetrate my spatial barrier!" Chen Xiang had also been hurt by this astral wind before, so he thought that he could use his spatial barrier to block it, but it was still useless.

This time, it was World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor who received the punch. Fortunately, his body suddenly shone with a golden light, and strong dragon scales overflowed to protect his body, preventing him from suffering too much damage.

Previously, the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor did not have much defense, but after being struck, he was fine. It could be seen that the strength of the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor was much stronger than the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor sneered: "You are still the same! "This time, I will not let you off. In the past, I had many chances to kill all of you, but I was worried that after you all die, I would become extremely bored here. That’s why I let you all live with me."

"But now. "There’s no need for that anymore. I will be able to leave very soon." The World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor laughed.

This seal was set up by the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor. Although he said that breaking this formation would allow him to get rid of the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor, the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor did not believe his nonsense. He was worried that after killing the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor, not only would the seal not be broken, it would even produce the power to destroy itself! He also had another worry, which was that he was worried that he would be very lonely.

"Are you counting on World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect to save you?" As World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor spoke, he shot out two golden beads. After the two beads flew out, they turned into two clones of the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor, holding golden longswords, he dodged back and forth, rushing towards the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor, hacking crazily.

World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor’s entire body was covered in black qi. His eyes suddenly flashed and two blue-black lights shot out from his eyes. They struck the two clones and pierced through their heads!

World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor thought that he would be able to kill the doppelgänger with just that, but he never thought that the doppelgänger would actually be fine!

"What kind of strange move?" World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor shouted as he punched the two clones.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The avatar exploded, releasing a large amount of golden liquid that sprinkled onto World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor’s body. World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor’s black aura seemed as if it was going to melt, and his body was being corroded by the golden liquid at a faster speed!

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor immediately roared.

When World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor saw this, his body suddenly swelled up and transformed into the human form of a dragon.

Sou! World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor was sent flying like a ray of light, fiercely crashing into World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor’s body. Furthermore, his two sharp dragon claws had ruthlessly pierced into World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor’s body, although it did not pierce through it, World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor was already screaming in pain!

The chance had come!

Chen Xiang never thought that the situation would change so quickly. With a thought, he caused all six of the proud soul beasts in the Divine Sense Sea to attach themselves to his arms, causing his arms to suddenly expand.

After he teleported over, he punched World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor’s head hard, using his Meteor immortal power!

As the Six beasts’s Qi roared out, the violent vibrations and the six colored light rays also exploded out!

The blinding light quickly disappeared, and World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor’s head was struck off by Chen Xiang! However, World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor didn’t die, and was already extremely angry.

"This is bad!"

Then, he grabbed Chen Xiang and quickly retreated. However, World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor was only slightly slow before a black dragon claw came out from World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor’s chest and grabbed onto his neck!

When World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor saw the terrifying arm that was filled with the true berserk Evil Qi, he was overwhelmed with shock. However, he still immediately rushed over, otherwise, it was very possible that World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor would be killed!

Chen Xiang stood there in a daze, the head of the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor wasn’t even halfway full, and he still wasn’t dead yet! In other words, the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor wasn’t affected by anything!

If the Divine Sense Sea was not affected, he could still release the powerful World Defying Stage Divine Power from the Divine Sense Sea!

After World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor went over, he waved the divine weapon in his hand and continued to chop at World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor’s body, frantically trying to cut the dragon claw that was coming out from the wound on his chest, but it was unable to harm his arm.

"What a strong defense!" Chen Xiang also rushed over and started chopping at World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor’s back.

However, his Heavenly magic sword was like a chopping knife on hard iron, clanging sounds rang through the air! "Clangclangclangclangclangclangclangclangclangclangclangclangclangclangclangclangclangclangclangclangclangclangclangclangclangclangclangclangclangclangclang ..."

"Be careful!" World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor suddenly shouted, but it was already too late, Chen Xiang had already been grabbed by the dragon claw coming from World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor’s back!

The World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor laughed sinisterly and retracted his arm that was sticking out from his chest.

These two arms had grabbed onto Chen Xiang and World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor, and if he were to pull them back, both of them would enter his body.

"Don’t even think about succeeding!" Chen Xiang bellowed, only to see six World Defying beast suddenly appearing. Although they looked small, their powerful Spirit Qi still shocked World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor.

The one who bore the brunt of the attack was the Azure Dragon!

The green dragon directly entered World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor’s mouth, and then it was the white tiger that firmly held onto Chen Xiang’s dragon claw. Its sharp teeth had already sunk into it, causing the dragon claw to exude black evil blood.

Meanwhile, the Qilin bit onto its other arm, causing World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor to feel much better. The two arms were so powerful that Chen Xiang felt like his neck was about to break!