Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing Chen Xiang suddenly releasing these powerful World Defying beast, World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor and World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor both took a deep breath. They knew what this meant, they knew very well just how terrifying a World Defying beast was when it came to cultivating!

"Brat, why didn’t you release it earlier!" World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor said excitedly: "This is good!"

Chen Xiang did not expect this World Defying beast to be so powerful, or perhaps the World Defying beast seemed to specialize in restraining the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor. In just a short while, the two evil dragon claws of the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor were bitten off by Qilins and White Tigers!

Soon after, Chen Xiang and the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor were escorted by the Black Turtle and the Ground-suppressing immortal elephant. Golden flames also came out of the Vermillion Bird’s mouth to attack!

The Vermillion Bird’s flames were extremely powerful. After just a brief burn, the black scales on the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor had melted!

Ever since the Azure Dragon entered the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor’s body, the power of the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor began to decline!

"Azure Dragon!" Chen Xiang shouted, only to see World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor’s body suddenly splitting open and leaking out a green light. The green dragon’s body was currently expanding, the expansion speed was extremely fast, and in a moment, the body of World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor was bursting.

"Dead?" Chen Xiang stared blankly at that black coloured fragment!

"Not yet!" World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor shouted anxiously.

Chen Xiang immediately controlled the Vermillion Bird to release flames to burn the black fragments on the ground! Just a moment ago, when he was grabbed by the Primordial Evil Ape, his body became extremely weak, as if all of the life force in his body was going to be devoured, causing him to be completely exhausted. Furthermore, the six divine beasts were not in his Divine Sense Sea, which made him even more powerless, otherwise he would have been able to use World Defying god fire to burn them.

The World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor also quickly charged over, releasing the strong World Defying god fire s. What made Chen Xiang inconceivable was that he could actually see a bit of pale white flame, like a translucent mist!

To be able to see World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor’s World Defying god fire, this meant that World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor’s flames were very strong.

"Dragon Ancestor, are you alright?" Chen Xiang looked at World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor, who was seated on the Black Tortoise’s shell.

"Much better!" World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor’s strength was still far inferior to the Evil Ancestor’s, so when the dragon claw grabbed hold of him, it caused his vitality to be greatly damaged.

The few World Defying beast had also returned to his Divine Sense Sea. Only the Vermillion Bird was still outside helping the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor burn away the black fragments to prevent the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor from being reincarnated.

"Dragon Ancestor, why are my six divine beasts so powerful?" Chen Xiang had also seen it just now, the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor was killed by those divine beasts. Previously, when he was using it to deal with the World Defying dragon demon, he only needed the Azure Dragon to come out and easily killed the World Defying dragon demon.

"You don’t know this, but these divine beasts are all divine beasts of the law ... They were also called Heavenly beast s before! In short, the strongest beasts can be bred from the Myriad Tao’s Laws. " The World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor replied, "Of course, this kind of Divine Beast is very common, but there aren’t many that can cultivate the Primordial Divine Body!"

Chen Xiang nodded, he had seen many of these divine beasts before, and some of them were in the Natural Law World.

"These Law Divine Beasts are the incarnations of the Myriad Tao. Something like the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor is most afraid of this kind of Divine Beast!" The World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor continued: "Because the evil energy that the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor cultivates is originally the most resistant out of all of the Myriad Tao’s laws, and the sacred beasts that the Myriad Tao’s laws produce, are born with the magic power to fight against this kind of evil demon. Even if their strength is far weaker than the Evil Demon’s, they can still easily break through the Evil Demon’s defense."

Chen Xiang had also just seen how the White Tiger and Qilin easily bit off the two dragon claws, so no matter how hard he and World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor were, they couldn’t leave any traces on the dragon claws!

"But you are actually able to cultivate these six divine beasts! This ... This is simply hard to imagine. It would be pretty good if we could cultivate one out. " World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor said: "Over the years, I have been working hard to cultivate my World Defying Green dragon, and right now, I am still far from success!"

Seeing Chen Xiang’s expression, World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor had some respect. He also wanted to ask Chen Xiang how did he cultivate it.

"I don’t know how I managed to cultivate them either. What’s more, I didn’t know that these six fellows would be so powerful ..." How should he put it? All of this was naturally formed by me, and I don’t have anyone to guide me. This has been going on for many years! "

At first, Chen Xiang only had four Beast statue’s silhouettes inside his dantian. Thinking back, he had also mysteriously entered this state of cultivation, and he had once lost them for a period of time! In the end, he managed to find them after he opened the second Divine Sense Sea. However, he was still confused and confused by the divine beasts in the Divine Sense Sea later on.

Previously, he didn’t use much of the power of these divine beasts. He believed that they hadn’t fully matured yet!

But now, it looked like it had grown, and this was also Chen Xiang’s strongest power!

"Let nature take its course..." World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor seemed to be muttering these words, frowning.

"So that’s how it is!" World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor suddenly sighed, and looked as if he had suddenly become enlightened: "Why can’t I cultivate it, it’s because I’m too insistent on this state. Every time I cultivate, I want to quickly cultivate this World Defying Green dragon, and no matter what, I want to reach this realm! That’s why I can’t naturally go train! "

"If you want to cultivate a World Defying Green dragon, you must let nature take its course. After all, this is the natural nurturing of the Myriad Tao’s power."

After World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor understood the situation, his mood improved a lot. He chuckled: "You didn’t know about the existence of the World Defying beast from the beginning to end, and when you were cultivating, you didn’t think that you would deliberately train them into World Defying beast. Instead, you would naturally cultivate and raise your strength.

World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor was also listening to them. Right now, he and the Vermillion Bird had already finished cleaning up.

"You can’t let World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect know that you have cultivated six World Defying beast." The World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor said. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Why?" Chen Xiang’s expression became serious: "The people from World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect already saw me using the green dragon!"

"Do you see the Azure Dragon?" World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor frowned: "This is troublesome, the people from World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect were originally tortured by this kind of World Defying beast and they had always hoped to own this World Defying beast, so ... They’ll try to get it from you. "

"They are so strong, could it be that they can’t cultivate it out? Why do you want mine! " Chen Xiang jumped up: "This group of bastards!"

"It’s precisely because they don’t have such powerful World Defying beast and they hope to obtain it, that’s why they would fight over it! Right now, your Azure Dragon is still very young, so it’s a very good target for them, and one that’s easy to tame. " The World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor said.