Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor was truly worthy of being called the strongest here. Of course, the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor was also very strong, but he never thought that a little kid like Chen Xiang could actually cultivate a World Defying beast, and six of them at that!

"I definitely won’t let them succeed!" Chen Xiang snorted: "World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect and these guys, it’s fine if I don’t go look for them, but you actually have ideas on me!"

When World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect was in Natural Law World, he had bullied the women in there before, and the only thing Chen Xiang couldn’t do now was go back. Otherwise, if he went back, he would have definitely flattened the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect in Natural Law World.

"Let’s get out of here first!" World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor said: "Before, World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor was filled with confidence, I was sure that World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect would come to save him. Now, he should be here!"

"Alright!" Chen Xiang nodded, he had not recovered yet. When he saw the six divine beasts previously, he was still very spirited, but after entering his Divine Sense Sea, he had fallen asleep instantly.

He guessed that it was because the six World Defying beast used the magic power s that specialized in fighting the evil spirits that caused them to consume so much energy.

Furthermore, World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor’s situation was slightly better than Chen Xiang’s. At least, he looked better now.

"That guy’s claws are so scary. I almost got killed by him." Chen Xiang rubbed his neck, still feeling a little pain.

`I’ll read `the novel `ybdu ’’

"We’ve never seen him use this trick before." World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor was unsealing the seal. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor supported Chen Xiang and laughed: "Now we can relax a lot. After that guy dies, Daofather and I will be free, after so many years!"

They had been sealed here for many years, after being entangled with the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor for so long, they had long been tired of it. If it wasn’t for destroying the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor, they would rather die.

After the seal was removed, the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor took Chen Xiang and the Dragon Ancestor outside!

When they arrived outside, they originally thought that they would be surrounded by many Evil Ancestor Demon Guards. However, this was not the case!

They were surrounded, but the people surrounding them were from World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect. Chen Xiang recognized a few of them, but one of them was World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect’s Sect Leader, Luo Jianqing!

"Yo, it was fun inside!" Luo Jianqing laughed out loud.

World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor’s face turned ugly. Chen Xiang and the Dragon Ancestor were also like this, they could immediately guess that this group of people had already arrived here, yet they did not enter for a long time.

If they were to enter, they could save World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor! However, they did not do so. It was clear that the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor was no longer important in their eyes, because they felt that Chen Xiang’s World Defying Green dragon was more important. Therefore, they patiently waited outside.

"Just as I expected, Chen Xiang came here to save you." Luo Jianqing smiled: "As expected of a World Defying beast, otherwise, even with another ten Chen Xiang s, he would not be able to kill World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor."

"You guys are really despicable, to actually give up on World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor." World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor stood in front of Chen Xiang and the Dragon Ancestor.

"World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor is indeed powerful, but compared to World Defying beast, he’s way too lacking." Luo Jianqing laughed: "Luo Tianjun, you can’t run away, do you recognize what this is?"

Luo Jianqing took out a cyan colored box. After he opened it, a woman’s head hurriedly appeared!

Seeing this head, World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor’s face froze, following that, he became enraged. Just as he was trembling in anger, World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor patted his shoulder!

Chen Xiang immediately thought that the head in the box must be the closest person to him. Otherwise, he would not be so sad!

And what he did not expect was that the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor was actually surnamed Luo, and was called Luo Tianjun. It seemed that he had some sort of relationship with Luo Jianqing!

Chen Xiang was thinking of a way to escape. Since there were no spatial restrictions here, he felt that he could use the power of space to pick them off. Of course, the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor Luo Tianjun could also do it, it was just that Luo Jianqing was currently very confident, he was definitely confident enough to deal with Luo Tianjun using the power of space to escape.

Luo Tianjun quickly calmed himself down. He knew that he was a World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor and behind him, there were still Chen Xiang and his good friends that needed his help. If he couldn’t suppress his anger, he wouldn’t be able to save Chen Xiang and his World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor.

"How about we make a deal?" Luo Jianqing smiled and said: "As long as you let Chen Xiang cede the World Defying Green dragon, I will let your wife’s soul have a good home!"

Luo Tianjun clenched his fists, the anger surging forth once again!

"Look at how pitiful she is. She has already died for many years, but her soul can only be sealed inside the head, never to reincarnate! "Haha ..." Luo Jianqing laughed out loud, he was purposely provoking Luo Tianjun right now.

Luo Tianjun snorted in anger, a burst of berserk spatial energy exploded out from his body!

Indeed, just as Chen Xiang had guessed, as soon as Luo Tianjun used the power of space, a cyan dot of light surrounded him, causing Luo Tianjun’s power of space to be completely swallowed and unable to be used!

"Dragon Ancestor, what are those green dots of light?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"Space Evil Worms, a magical insect that can devour the power of space and disrupt the circulation of the laws of space. They are considered to be an unrivalled holy beast, although they are not as powerful as World Defying beast, they are still quite special." The World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor said, "These guys have produced so many of these worms. It seems like they have spent a lot of resources."

"You won’t be able to escape. Hurry up and agree, otherwise, I will torture your wife’s soul here." Luo Jianqing urged, at the same time, a black flame appeared from his fingertips, reaching into the woman’s forehead.

Luo Tianjun’s expression turned cold: I definitely won’t agree, even if I kill Chen Xiang, I definitely won’t let you guys get the World Defying beast, so you better hurry up and stop, don’t force me to perish together with you!

"We perish together?" Do you have the ability to do so? This old dragon looked weak right now, and Chen Xiang was weak too! Look at our side, the Four Great Sacred Monarchs of World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect are all here. Your life or death is not up to you to decide. " Luo Jianqing sneered.

They wanted Chen Xiang to hand over the World Defying Green dragon. This way, it would be much easier to tame it, if they were to forcefully snatch it, the training results might not be good!

"Since you are so indifferent, I will see just how long you can endure! Do you like to see your wife’s soul tortured? " Luo Jianqing laughed sinisterly.

Luo Tianjun clenched his fists, his entire body trembling in anger, while Luo Jianqing’s fingers continued to approach the forehead of the head, the flames were already close to touching it!

Everything happened so suddenly, and there were no spatial energy fluctuations at all. By the time Luo Jianqing managed to react, the box was already in Chen Xiang’s hands!

Luo Jianqing was startled, he could not understand how Chen Xiang took the box from his hands. In that moment, he was truly alarmed, but he quickly calmed down, even if there was nothing that could threaten Luo Tianjun, Chen Xiang and the rest could not escape!