Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Luo Jianqing looked at the Space Evil Worm in his hands. He was very sure that Chen Xiang did not use Spatial Force just now, but why did the box in his hands suddenly reach Chen Xiang’s hands?

Luo Tianjun was also very surprised, both he and World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor were surprised that Chen Xiang suddenly took the box away. With Chen Xiang right beside them, they did not feel Chen Xiang using his spatial energy!

"Not bad, you have some skill!" But so what? " Luo Jianqing laughed coldly, took out a large black net and waved his hand towards the sky: "You guys can surrender now!"

Luo Tianjun had wanted to attack initially, but Chen Xiang suddenly used a sound transmission to tell him not to attack!

The giant net quickly trapped them, but they did not make a move. Luo Tianjun did not know what Chen Xiang wanted to do, but he knew that Chen Xiang definitely had some tricks up his sleeves.

"Daofather, let’s go to the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect first!" Right now, Dragon Ancestor and I have exhausted a lot of our energy and are unable to quickly recover within a short period of time. We need time to rest and escape from World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect after we recover. " Chen Xiang sent sound transmissions to World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor and World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor.

"World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect is such a tight place, are you sure you can escape? "By the way, how did you get the box from that bastard just now?" World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor was very curious and immediately asked with sound transmission.

"I used the Time Laws... That is the Time and space power, the Space Evil Worm can only sense the power of space, so my Time and space power is effective, but the consumption is too great, I can only use it to snatch back that box, and it will be very difficult for us to escape. " Chen Xiang said: "Unless I recover!"

Chen Xiang had not recovered yet. The reason why he was able to use the Time and space power which had consumed a lot of energy was because he had absorbed a large amount of the Natural Law World’s energy. He did not dare to absorb too much, as doing so would cause the Natural Law World to collapse.

"Time and space power, no wonder!" Luo Tianjun sighed in his heart, World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor was also surprised. Chen Xiang was actually able to control the Time and Space Laws at the same time, this was truly difficult to come by.

As long as Chen Xiang managed to integrate the spatial laws into the laws of time, then it would no longer be the power of space. Not only could he prevent space insects or things like that, he could also guard against other formations and enchantments that specifically restricted the power of space.

"Okay, they will definitely bring us back to the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect first, and then, they will think of a way to get the World Defying Green dragon from your hands." Luo Tianjun said: "At the moment, they are very interested in the World Defying Green dragon, so before they obtain it, they will not dare to do anything to you."

... ....

Luo Jianqing locked Chen Xiang and the other two in a small pagoda, then shrunk the pagoda down and left the Myriad Tao Mausoleum!

After leaving the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, Luo Jianqing said: "There is no need for this Myriad Tao Mausoleum to exist anymore, destroy him! I hate what Luo Tianjun this guy made, and in the future, this Divine Wasteland will be ours. I don’t want to see everything he built. "

Although Luo Jianqing was not the strongest and was not the most powerful in the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, his status was not low either. He could make some of the people from the World Defying Stage listen to his orders!

Although there were many World Defying Stage s in the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, it was not easy for them to destroy the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

However, with Luo Jianqing’s order, the people of World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect would probably think of ways to destroy the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

The World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect was right inside the Divine Wasteland, but it was sealed previously so no one knew where it was. Only after the seal was broken did the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect see the light of day again.

Currently, the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect was like the sun in the sky, the strongest power within the Divine Wasteland, and only the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain could suppress them!

"Spirit Star, have you heard of Luo Tianjun?" Sun Lingxing had entered the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum very early on, and at that time, the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor had not seen him yet.

Therefore, Sun Lingxing had never heard of the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor either. After all, the title of World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor was only given later, and Sun Lingxing, who had always been in the tomb, knew very little about it.

However, the name World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor seemed to be related to the current Sect Leader Luo Jianqing, so he casually asked.

He never thought that Sun Lingxing would actually know this name!

"I have heard of it before, but I have only occasionally heard my elders mention it ... In the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, the Luo Family is a huge family and Luo Tianjun is definitely from the Sky Sect, he should be a member of the Luo Family’s third generation! " Sun Lingxing said: "Luo Jianqing is from the fourth generation, the Sky Worm Sect is one generation older than him!"

"That means the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor is a very ancient existence?" Chen Xiang didn’t expect that, after all, Luo Jianqing was someone who was at the same time as Sun Lingxing in his previous life, and Luo Tianjun was an older generation as well.

"Yes, the first generation of the Luo Family had already died in the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum, and the second generation later on, they built the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect! The third generation was trained greatly, and the third generation should be the strongest senior generation within the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect. If not, they would not have allowed the third generation Luo Jianqing to take charge of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect. " He was born, he said.

The situation in the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect was actually this complicated, Chen Xiang did not expect it.

"World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor has always been entangled with World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor, and has been implicated with him. Otherwise, his strength will definitely be even stronger!" Sun Lingxing said: "However, most of the World Defying Stage s are currently stuck at the World Defying Holy Body, this is mainly because they are cultivating the Primordial Divine Body. I just wonder if the second generation of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect have managed to cultivate the Primordial Divine Body. "

"How long would it take to return to World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect from Myriad Tao Mausoleum’s Day?" Chen Xiang asked.

"The earliest would be a day. These fellows aren’t skilled enough in using the Space Laws, and there are also so many of them. They must have flown back already." Luo Tianjun said: "World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect should still be at that place. Even though I haven’t returned there before, I can still remember the distance clearly."

"One day is enough time for us to recover!" Chen Xiang said.

"This... Is that really enough? " World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor said, "I am not enough!"

Chen Xiang chuckled, then he absorbed a bit of energy from the Natural Law World and stealthily channeled his time energy to envelop the three of them. This way, he could stall for time inside the Natural Law World, and no one outside would notice this.

Sensing the power of time, World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor and Luo Tianjun immediately understood why Chen Xiang had said so much. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"It should be enough to buy us one month’s time!" Chen Xiang laughed.