Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect was actually hiding in a thick cloud in the sky. Chen Xiang had judged it based on his own sensitivity towards space, and he, Luo Tianjun and the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor were still inside the tower.

Luo Jianqing had already brought them to the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, so he was unable to see the outside world.

"Sect Master, I remember that the Myriad Star Goddess isn’t with Chen Xiang? Why did she suddenly disappear? Should we guard against her a little? " A middle aged man asked Luo Jianqing.

"If we’re outside, we’ll have to be on guard against the Myriad Star Goddess, but inside World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, we don’t need to worry. Besides the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, we don’t need to be afraid of anyone else, what’s faster is a mere woman?" Luo Jianqing said.

The World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect was built on top of the clouds and there were many big and small palaces and buildings here, just like a palace in the sky. Although Chen Xiang was locked in a divine artifact, he could still feel a powerful aura coming from the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect.

"This World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect is truly powerful." couldn’t help but exclaim. At this time, both he and the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor had already recovered, and he used the power of time to win for nearly a month’s time, allowing them to return to their peak.

"I didn’t expect they would make such a huge progress during this period of time. How strange!" Luo Tianjun frowned: "That’s not right, could it be that there is some power secretly helping them?"

"Daofather, why did you leave the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect in the past?" Chen Xiang only knew that World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect walked a different path from Luo Tianjun, which was why he chose to withdraw.

"Back then, I wanted to become the Sect Leader of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, then expand the world, and then construct a large and gorgeous world. And in this large world, there were many small and medium-sized worlds, forming a large gathering place! World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect agreed to do the same, but the strongest elder of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect wanted me to promise to hand over control of the entire world to him. " World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor said: "This is absolute control. After obtaining control over this world, they will be able to absorb the energy of this world ... If necessary, I can use all the power in the world for my own purposes! "

"You should already know that there is a lot of Myriad Tao’s power, but you cannot gather too much of it into one person, or else you will be executed by the Myriad Tao’s laws and thrown into the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum." Luo Tianjun said.

Chen Xiang nodded, he was already very familiar with these rules! But if he did not absorb the Myriad Tao’s power and used it to refine pills, allowing the Myriad Tao’s power to grow and reproduce endlessly, he would not be punished by using this method to obtain the Myriad Tao’s power. The Myriad Tao Dan God had done it, and he had already transcended the Myriad Tao, so he was no longer within the rules of the Myriad Tao.

"World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect and the other fellows also know, so they don’t dare to be too powerful. However, they are worried that they will be killed by an even more powerful force! Thus, they planned to use this world as a container for storing the Myriad Tao’s power after creating a huge world. When they needed it, they could immediately extract its power and use it to fight against existences that are even stronger than them! "

Luo Tianjun sighed: "I don’t want to, because they will endlessly extract this world’s Myriad Tao’s power, and they will even swallow many people’s lives, causing this world to collapse! Xiao Long and I left the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, and they were worried that after I created the world, I would absorb the world’s energy and destroy it. Thus, they sent the most evil and vicious fellows of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect to chase after us! "

They were only the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor and the World Defying dragon demon, but they had been completely exterminated!

"Now that the world has been completed, and has even grown, the entire world contains an extremely powerful Myriad Tao and is not under their control. Furthermore, the rules of the Myriad Tao have already been spread throughout the entire world, so no one can control this world." Luo Tianjun laughed heartily, "When they were sealed, they definitely did not expect such a change!"

Chen Xiang also laughed, "That’s why these guys want my World Defying beast. It’s because World Defying beast can also become very powerful."

"Yes, so you must not let them have it, or it will be troublesome. World Defying beast are not restricted by the Myriad Tao’s laws. " When World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor thought about this, he became nervous. He was more worried that the World Defying beast would be obtained by the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect.

Luo Tianjun shook his head: "I am not really worried about World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect right now. With Chen Xiang’s current rate of growth, there shouldn’t be any need to worry about him in the future.

The Myriad Tao Divine Mountain was very powerful, otherwise they would not have been able to seal the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect for so many years!

"What I’m afraid of now is that Myriad Tao Divine Mountain is no longer the original Myriad Tao Divine Mountain." Luo Tianjun said: "Even though the people in the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain are all nurtured by the power of the Myriad Tao, they can be said to be a group of people who maintain the functioning of the Myriad Tao’s laws and punish those who break it! However, everything would change, and this change was difficult to control. He was afraid that they had already entered the evil path! World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect was originally quite good as well, but those Elders also took the wrong path in the end. "

"It’s out!" With a loud shout from the outside, Chen Xiang and the rest were thrown out.

looked around, they were in a plaza, and because they were high up in the clouds, the sunlight was intense, the area was filled with people, all of them had decent strength, and there was a large number of Venerable Ancestor Later-stage s.

"Seven Original Ancestor s, after so many years, I have already brought back the Luo Tianjun who betrayed the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect back then." Luo Jianqing pulled his voice, and shouted towards the seven towers in the distance.

Seeing this, Luo Tianjun laughed coldly before sending a sound transmission to Chen Xiang, "Check your surroundings to see if you can escape from this place."

When Chen Xiang came out, he had already investigated him, and felt that there was nothing wrong with it. Although there were spatial insects flying around, they could not detect his Time and space power.

"The Original Ancestor are currently in closed door cultivation, leave all the important matters to me, Luo Jianhao!" On his hand was a ring that could dazzle the eyes. The red light emitted by the ring came from a small red stone, and after being exposed to the sunlight, it radiated light, causing the surroundings to be dyed red.

"You ... I am the Sect Leader, if the Original Ancestor do not have time, then it should be me taking care of this matter. " Luo Jianqing was furious in his heart. He had gone through great pains to capture Chen Xiang, and the news of him possessing a World Defying Green dragon had already spread throughout the entire World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect.

This extremely arrogant and unruly looking Luo Jianhao in front of him seemed to be his sworn enemy. He would absolutely not allow Chen Xiang to fall into his mortal enemy’s hands, otherwise, the World Defying Green dragon might just fall into Luo Jianhao’s hands.Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎