Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

You need to understand clearly, I am one of the disciples of the Seven Original Ancestor s, who doesn’t know the status of I, Luo Jianhao, here? Luo Jianhao let out a cold laugh, and had already walked toward Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang originally wanted to use the Time and space power to leave, but he suddenly changed his mind!

Luo Jianhao smiled as he came to Chen Xiang’s side. He looked at Luo Jianqing and said: "Sect Leader, I’ll be taking this youth away.

Chen Xiang suddenly muttered: "Even such a weak fellow is afraid, how is he going to be the Sect Leader?"

Of course, Luo Jianhao and Luo Jianqing knew that Chen Xiang was trying to sow discord, but what Chen Xiang said was right, Luo Jianqing’s strength was indeed much stronger than the flashing red Luo Jianhao in front of him.

The corner of Luo Jianqing’s eyes twitched. The Luo Jianhao in front of him had angered him greatly, but he could not do anything about it.

"Brat, you have overestimated our Sect Leader. Do you think that with just a few words, you can provoke him to deal with me? "You’re wrong, very wrong." Luo Jianhao actually said such contemptuous words in front of Luo Jianqing. Looking at his appearance, it was obvious that he looked down on Luo Jianqing and was not afraid of Luo Jianqing at all.

There were a lot of people here, but everyone understood in their hearts that Luo Jianqing did not dare to fight against the red-clothed youth, because there was only death waiting for him.

"The Seven Original Ancestor s are still the same!" Luo Tianjun could not help but laugh, "Looks like they are still unrepentant! He didn’t expect them to be like this. "It’s such a waste of energy that novels would nurture such trash!"

"Traitor, you dare look down on me?" Luo Jianhao was instantly enraged. No one had ever dared to call him trash before.

"Yes, even traitors look down on you." World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor laughed loudly: "Luo Jianhao you little thief, back then in World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, you were just a guy with unclean hands and feet who went around stealing pills everywhere, what right do you have to make others look at you with respect? Are you really blind, or are there no good seedlings in the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect? I really don’t understand. "

"Old dog, how dare you insult me!" Luo Jianhao had been exposed like this in front of so many people, exposing all of his shameful deeds.

"Am I wrong with my curses? If you have the guts, come and beat me up! " The World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor laughed: "You little thing, truly are lucky to have been nurtured by the Seven Original Ancestor s, otherwise you would have already been beaten to death by now."

"I’ll let you talk too much!" The veins on Luo Jianhao’s forehead were popping out, he roared and fiercely slapped towards World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor, but just as he was about to reach out, World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor used a kind of inconceivable speed to attack!

Just as Luo Jianhao’s palm was about to touch World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor’s cheek, his abdomen was penetrated by World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor’s dragon claws, and following that, Luo Tianjun came over to Luo Jianhao and pressed his hand on Luo Jianhao’s head.

All of this was just too sudden, especially Luo Jianqing, he had just seen World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor and Luo Tianjun cursing Luo Jianhao nonstop, and was feeling extremely satisfied in his heart, however, just as he was feeling happy inside, he had become like this!

Luo Jianqing was in charge of bringing Chen Xiang and the others back, that was only yesterday. At that time, Chen Xiang and the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor had already consumed a lot of their energy and could no longer fight, while Luo Tianjun was more or less the same.

However, looking at the speed at which World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor attacked just now, he had already recovered to his peak condition, and Luo Tianjun was the same.

’s strength was not weak, and he was even from the ’Heavenly’ generation. Amongst the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect s, there were not many who were from the ’Heavenly’ generation, and they were even fewer than the Seven Original Ancestor s. But the elder who held the most power in this plaza, might have been dragged by the World Defying Stage Evil Ancestor for many years, but his strength was definitely not weak.

"All of you, behave or else I will take this brat’s life." Luo Tianjun said.

"A dignified World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor like you actually dared to do such a vulgar thing, how shameless are you?" Luo Jianqing immediately said, he was also extremely anxious, if Luo Jianhao died, he might have to escape World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect.

Others might not know, but Luo Jianqing was very clear that Luo Jianhao was the grandson of one of the Seven Original Ancestor s!

In the past, there were still many grandchildren in the Seven Original Ancestor s, but many had died while fighting against the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain.

And only after that did one of the Original Ancestor find out that Luo Jianhao was the illegitimate child of one of his sons, which was why he took him as his disciple! This kind of old fellow regarded continuation of the bloodline as something important, and it was one thing if he was killed by the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain. After all, he was their enemy, but in the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, because he was careless and got himself killed, the consequences could be imagined!

Although Luo Jianqing had the word sword, he was not a descendant of the Seven Original Ancestor s. Even though his grandfather was once of the same generation as the Seven Original Ancestor s, his cultivation was too weak and he died in battle with the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, so there was naturally no need for protection.

Luo Tianjun had already figured out something just now, and was able to guess that it was the grandson of one of the elders.

Chen Xiang patted his butt and stood up from the ground, laughing: "This guy was previously so arrogant, but now he’s scaring like a dog!"

"You all ... What are your conditions? " Luo Jianqing’s forehead was filled with cold sweat. He knew that Luo Tianjun was already shameless, if he angered them, killing Luo Jianhao would be troublesome.

"Let those seven old bastards come out and see me." Luo Tianjun said.

"They will be here soon. That will be your time." Luo Jianhao said as he gnashed his teeth. He seemed to have something that could send a message to the seven Original Ancestor s.

Just as he finished speaking, Luo Tianjun’s expression changed. Chen Xiang and World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor also sensed it!

"Is this the power of the Prideful Divine Body?" Chen Xiang was extremely shocked.

Even though the person was far away, his aura made them tremble in fear, and many of the people here were already kneeling on the ground. Even the Sect Leader, Luo Jianqing, was kneeling down on one knee, his entire body drenched in sweat and his face deathly pale. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"He actually succeeded in cultivating the Primordial Divine Body. Let’s go!" Luo Tianjun was very decisive, the hand he was pressing on Luo Jianhao’s head suddenly released power, releasing it into the Divine Sense Sea, only to see Luo Jianhao immediately bleeding from his seven orifices.

Chen Xiang anxiously used the power of space to bring World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor and Luo Tianjun away from this place!

Just as they were leaving, an elder had already appeared, and actually extended ten arms, the arms were like long swords, seemingly wanting to pierce into the bodies of Chen Xiang and the other two!

However, he did not expect that Chen Xiang and the rest could actually escape from this place. He looked around at the Space Evil Beetles floating in the air, his face full of suspicion.

"Grandfather ... Grandfather... My Divine Sense Sea is gone .... "It’s gone..." Luo Jianhao laid on the ground and howled.

"It’s alright, I will get you to cultivate it again!" The red robed elder looked at Luo Jianqing who was kneeling down and snorted: What are you still standing there for? Hurry up and capture those three fellows, don’t bother with World Defying Green dragon s, as long as their corpses or their souls! "