Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Although Chen Xiang’s World Defying Green dragon was very precious, the red-robed elder believed that after he cultivated the Primordial Divine Body, he would definitely have a way to cultivate the World Defying beast. He did not need Chen Xiang’s World Defying Green dragon to begin with, and at that time, he might not even be able to control it!

The Original Ancestor was more worried about Chen Xiang’s World Defying Green dragon maturing, because Chen Xiang’s World Defying Green dragon was currently very weak, but the strength that it had displayed was already very strong. If this World Defying beast managed to cultivate the Primordial Divine Body, its strength would be even more terrifying, and at that time, it would not be something that humans could fight against.

Therefore, what they were considering right now was not to obtain the World Defying Green dragon, but to kill it, and kill this sapling, which posed a great threat to them, to die in the cradle. "How dare he cripple my grandson, he will suffer!" The red robed elder was extremely furious, if he did not have his own matters to attend to, he would have personally gone to chase after Chen Xiang and the rest.

... ....

Chen Xiang brought Luo Tianjun and the World Defying Green dragon and left the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, arriving at Divine Wasteland!

Previously, Chen Xiang was either in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum or in the Flying Dragon Pagoda, so it had been a long time since he had last traveled across the vast Divine Wasteland.

"We finally made it out!" Luo Tianjun looked around and confirmed that he was far away from World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect. He confirmed that he was familiar with the Divine Wasteland and heaved a sigh of relief.

(1) (Ben ~ Read (Fiction) ybdu

"I’ve finally returned to this place." Chen Xiang took in a deep breath. The power of the Myriad Tao here was extremely thin, it could not compare to the power inside the Flying Dragon Experience Place and Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

"Strange, what caused the Divine Wasteland’s power to weaken?" As the person who founded this world, Luo Tianjun was extremely sensitive to such things and very quickly discovered that something was amiss.

The World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor also nodded his head: "Divine Wasteland’s power is not that weak. Usually, when this kind of situation happens, it means that a large portion of Divine Wasteland’s resources will be gathered."

"Could it be that a lot of powerful warriors were born here?" Chen Xiang had previously heard that those who cultivated to the peak would usually consume a lot of resources, causing the power of the Myriad Tao in the world to weaken.

That was the reason why there were World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum s present. They wanted those top rankers who had absorbed too much resources to die and recycle the Myriad Tao’s power and then distribute it among themselves.

"Yes!" Luo Tianjun nodded heavily: "This is not simple! Right, when you came to the Divine Wasteland before, was it like this? "

Chen Xiang had told them that he came here from an even weaker world and that he had already been in Divine Wasteland for many years. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"When I first came here, it was like this. Some of my old friends told me the same thing. This situation exists many times now." Chen Xiang’s words made Luo Tianjun and World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor even more shocked.

"Could it be that the Flying Dragon Pagoda and the Myriad Tao Mausoleum are consuming too much resources? Furthermore, there is still a World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum among the Myriad Tao Mausoleum s, so this World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum will definitely need to consume a lot of Myriad Tao’s power. " Chen Xiang said.

"No, after I built the Flying Dragon Pagoda and the Myriad Tao Mausoleum before, the power of the Myriad Tao wasn’t as weak as it is now! which would not affect the Myriad Tao’s power at all. " Luo Tianjun said, "World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum existed since long ago, and at that time, the degree of power in the Myriad Tao had already been fixed. Although the Myriad Tao Mausoleum I built and the Flying Dragon Pagoda s also consumed a large amount of power from the Myriad Tao s, it definitely wouldn’t weaken them by more than ten times.

The corner of Chen Xiang’s eyebrows twitched, the power of the Divine Wasteland s had actually been this dense before, no wonder Luo Tianjun had such suspicions.

"What exactly is the reason? Did this happen right after you built the Myriad Tao Mausoleum and the Flying Dragon Pagoda and you all entered the seal? " Chen Xiang said.

"It should be. Someone must have done something when I was being sealed!" Only Myriad Tao Divine Mountain would have such power. " Luo Tianjun frowned: "I wonder what Myriad Tao Divine Mountain is planning to do."

The Myriad Tao Divine Mountain had always existed, but it had been well-hidden, so no one had discovered it. Now that the seal had been broken, the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain would definitely not be able to sit still and come out.

"We can go and ask about the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain. Maybe the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain has already appeared in the Divine Wasteland." Chen Xiang said.

Luo Tianjun nodded: "Alright!"

Just as he finished the word "good", a hearty laugh suddenly rang out.

"You don’t need to ask."

The sudden voice made Chen Xiang and the others tense up, as if they were ready to fight.

The person who appeared was an old man with a long beard who wore a white robe. After he appeared, he stroked his beard and smiled: "I am an elder of Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, my name is Dong Zhenjiang, you can call me Elder Dong!"

Dong Zhenjiang was very strong. When Chen Xiang faced him, he felt that Qi, making him feel like he was facing Luo Tianjun, and maybe even stronger than Luo Tianjun.

In other words, this elder of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain in front of him had cultivated the World Defying Holy Body, and had reached the large success stage of the Sacred Body.

"Myriad Tao Divine Mountain?" Luo Tianjun was still extremely vigilant.

"That’s right, I already know a little about your matters. Since you are the enemies of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, then you can join us and fight against the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect together." Dong Zhenjiang smiled and said: "We have enough resources for your cultivation!"

"The reason why the Myriad Tao’s power has become so thin is mainly because a portion of it is controlled by us, the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain. This way, most people wouldn’t waste it, and the power of the Myriad Tao will be able to flow in thin streams."

Luo Tianjun and World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor were extremely unhappy. They hated this kind of method because it was unfair!

"Chen Xiang, right!? You are from Natural Law World, you are very famous there, some of your friends talk about you often, and today the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain also has you, your friends and relatives all received our clan elders’ guidance, they can all improve by leaps and bounds. " Dong Zhenjiang laughed: "Why don’t you come to our Myriad Tao Divine Mountain to have a look!"

"Thank you Elder Dong for thinking so highly of me, but I just came out of Myriad Tao Mausoleum, and I have a lot of old friends here, I would like to talk to them first." Chen Xiang immediately smiled, he did not say that he would not join Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, nor did he say that he would, and only gave Dong Zhenjiang a vague answer.

"That’s true. You’ve been busy for so long, you should rest up now as well!" Our Myriad Tao Divine Mountain will welcome you here at any time. " Dong Zhenjiang smiled, then looked at Luo Tianjun and World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor, and said: "Both of you are extremely valuable talents, I sincerely wish to invite you to join the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain! I understand that Chen Xiang is someone who cannot sit still, and I did not let him join, I just made him come to the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain from time to time to take a look, and the two of you shouldn’t be like that guy! "