Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Dong Zhenjiang looked good on the surface, but Chen Xiang did not trust this person. This was mainly because he did not trust Myriad Tao Divine Mountain.

Luo Tianjun and World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor looked to be smiling. Chen Xiang knew that they would definitely be on their guard against Dong Zhenjiang, he didn’t know whether or not they would agree.

"Alright, since we don’t have anywhere to go, and there must be many strong warriors in the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, this should be very suitable for us." Luo Tianjun laughed. He actually agreed to it, which is unexpected for Chen Xiang. "

"Right, there are still two more friends who might want to join. Can you let them join as well?"

Luo Tianjun gave Chen Xiang a meaningful glance before sending him a sound transmission: "Myriad Tao Divine Mountain doesn’t dare to come back right now. They are indeed lacking in manpower, and we are lacking in cultivation resources! If we join the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, the divine pills would definitely nurture us! But you are different. You have World Defying Green dragon, so it is best not to go. Let Tang Zhongjie and Fang Haoyun, these two friends of yours, out, I will bring them along. I will guide them in cultivation so that they can cultivate the World Defying Holy Body as soon as possible. "

When Chen Xiang heard this, he immediately understood and released Tang Zhongjie and Fang Haoyun.

Seeing that there were still two more World Defying Stage s, Dong Zhenjiang’s eyes lit up, revealing a happy look, he laughed: "Great! Don’t worry, when we get to Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, I promise that I will not slow you down, and at that time, I will definitely treat you as important guests! Rankers like you are extremely rare in the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain. "

Dong Zhen Jiang felt that he did not manage to recruit Chen Xiang, but was able to recruit these few people, this was already a huge gain. He understood Chen Xiang very well, because he had gathered a lot of information about Chen Xiang from the Natural Law World, so he did not hold much hope when he came here.

"Hmm, then we’ll part ways here. I’m going to look for my old friends." Chen Xiang laughed. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"Alright, until we meet again!" It could be said that they had received Chen Xiang’s help before. Even if Chen Xiang wasn’t as strong as them, they still respected him a lot in their hearts.

Chen Xiang used his spatial energy to teleport away. He was not going to look for his friends, he was just looking for a place to hide.

Ever since he met the people from the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, he knew that his World Defying Green dragon was extremely important, so he had no choice but to be wary of them.

"Aren’t you going to look for your old friend?" Jiang Simei asked.

"I’m not going. They are all fine now. I don’t want them to be implicated because of me." Chen Xiang had the Six Realms Time and Space Door to use, so he could go find his old friends anytime he wanted. It’s just that he felt that his situation wasn’t looking good, so he didn’t go.

Sun Lingxing and Long Qiumu were currently inside the You Yao Mountain Villa, and they were not the kind of women who liked to wander the world, so they did not plan to leave the You Yao Mountain Villa at the moment, and decided to stay there for a long time.

They all knew that Chen Xiang was able to refine a pill to cultivate the Primordial Divine Body, but it would take a while for him to understand the power of the Time Laws, so there was no issue with the time.

"So what do you plan to do now?" Sun Lingxing asked.

"I plan to refine a batch of Heaven and Earth infinite Dan and see if there is any way to get them back to Natural Law World." Chen Xiang had chatted with Lv Qilian before, and the strongest females in the Hundreds of Flowers Village were only Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, not one of them was from World Defying Stage.

The Heavenly Dragon City was better. Long Jiuxiao had already gone into closed door training to break through to World Defying Stage!

"Could it be that the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain does not intend to pass on the secret methods to those who enter the World Defying Stage?" Sun Lingxing said.

"I’ve asked them. Myriad Tao Divine Mountain is willing, but there are conditions. You must join Myriad Tao Divine Mountain. Chen Xiang said, "This is equivalent to selling their bodies, so they did not immediately agree!"

"To Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage is not a threat! So, even if I help them cultivate to the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, in the future, if I don’t join their Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, I won’t be a threat. "

"Then what about Luo Tianjun and the others? If they were to go to Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, wouldn’t they also need to brand it? " Long Qiumu asked.

If you want to add them, they will definitely leave Myriad Tao Divine Mountain. They are already World Defying Stage’s people, so Myriad Tao Divine Mountain doesn’t dare to have too many restrictions on them. " Chen Xiang said: "The only reason that the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain is looking for them is because he hopes to fight against a common enemy."

Sun Lingxing said: "In that case, the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain within the Natural Law World does indeed wish to find some slaves that can completely obey their orders!"

Chen Xiang sighed: "Yes, from the looks of it, Myriad Tao Divine Mountain is still considered gentle. If it comes to that, it’s hard to say, they might not be in a rush to do anything, so they can still use gentle methods! If they were in a rush, it would be hard to say! "

"I am unable to return to the Natural Law World right now, so I need to help them consolidate their strength as soon as possible."

Chen Xiang understood Heavenly Dragon City very well. Myriad Tao Divine Mountain was unable to force them to submit, even if they were to die, they would definitely not lower their heads to him.

Right now, Chen Xiang was hiding inside a cave and started refining his Heaven and Earth infinite Dan.

The quality of the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan he refined using the derivation method and the Crash method was very high. He didn’t need to eat much to enter the World Defying Stage, plus he used the power of time to buy time, he could quickly refine a lot of them.

"It’s much easier for me to refine Heaven and Earth infinite Dan now. This is the power of the World Defying Stage’s Profound Rank." As Chen Xiang refined the pills relaxed, he checked on the door of the Hundreds of Flowers Village to see if anyone had come out.

Although there was no one around, Chen Xiang still intended to give it a try and see if he could get something back.

"Let’s try and see if we can throw the stone inside." Chen Xiang used his spatial energy to lock onto a rock beside him. Then, with a jolt of his mind, he thought to throw this rock into the place Natural Law World had specified.

He only thought about it seriously before that stone suddenly disappeared and appeared inside the Natural Law World!

However, he used up a lot of World Defying Stage Divine Power!

"The consumption rate is actually a hundred times more than normal." Chen Xiang now understood why Natural Law Divine Lord did not send his clones over very often. The consumption was indeed huge.

"Seems like I need to find a way to return to the Natural Law World." This was the biggest problem that Chen Xiang was facing.

The formation that Chen Xiang teleported over just now was made of stone hitting the Hundreds of Flowers Village, it must have created quite a big commotion.

Sure enough, someone quickly came out to check. It was a cute little kitten.

"Yue Er!" Chen Xiang immediately shouted.