Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The Ghost Emperor was killed by Chen Xiang and the great enmity of the Time Ghost was avenged. This caused Well-informed Ghost to be unable to help from feeling sad and joyous. The Time Ghost was his good friend for many years, but now his soul had been shattered.

"Of course I won’t take your Dao crystal. You are my friend, and I never accept friends’ Dao crystal." Of course, the Well-informed Ghost could tell that the current Chen Xiang was extremely powerful, otherwise he would not have been able to kill the Ghost Emperor.

"What do you want to ask? What I know is very limited! " The Well-informed Ghost said.

What Well-informed Ghost knew was all through him using the secret technique to communicate with the world and then finding out about it. Moreover, he also knew how to gather the residual souls in the world and read the memories inside it.

Although he had a lot of memories, if no one asked, he would not find them in those memories. Perhaps even he himself would not care about those things. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"You should know about the Natural Law Divine Lord, right?" Chen Xiang said: "He has control of a world, and I have already taken control of that world. However, I am unable to enter that world, is there any way to enter it? Right now, I can only get a few things back, but the consumption is huge. "

Well-informed Ghost frowned as he rummaged through the memories in his mind. This would take a while, and Chen Xiang was patiently waiting at the side.

"This situation is indeed unique, but it’s not like there’s no other way! Normally, they would send their clones in, but that would also consume a lot of energy. " Well-informed Ghost said, "There is a way, but it is very difficult!"

"What method?" As long as he could enter the Natural Law World at any time, Chen Xiang would definitely try his best to do so.

"Let me think a bit more. I’ll organize the details properly." The Well-informed Ghost said, then closed his eyes. Maybe the process was a bit more complicated, so he needed time to think about it.

Chen Xiang waited for him for an entire hour.

Well-informed Ghost said, "You need to build a bridge!"

"Bridge?" Chen Xiang asked in confusion.

"Yes!" Because you are the master of a world, and in order to maintain the stability of that world, controlling it is impossible to go back! After all, in general, control was a powerful existence! However, this is only according to the rules of the Myriad Tao. In fact, a very powerful world cannot be controlled. " The Well-informed Ghost said.

Chen Xiang hurriedly nodded his head. Although he could take back the Natural Law World from the Natural Law Divine Lord, he could not completely control it, and could only observe. He could only absorb the Natural Law World’s energy, and nothing else.

"For example, the Divine Wasteland we are in was originally built by the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor, but the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor can actually stay in this world." The Well-informed Ghost said.

"Yes, the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor is also unable to control this world." Chen Xiang was very clear of this matter, because Luo Tianjun had already told him about it before. Forget about controlling it, he was still unable to use the power of this world directly.

"You can’t go back. The Myriad Tao’s laws have restricted you, but you can still break through. You need to build a bridge between the Natural Law World and this Divine Wasteland world, connecting the two worlds." The Well-informed Ghost said, "This way, the two worlds will not be separated from each other, and the laws of the two realms will be the same. Then, you can pass through that bridge and head to the Natural Law World."

Chen Xiang thought for a moment, then said with a frown: "This bridge is definitely not ordinary, otherwise there’s no way to connect these two worlds!"

Well-informed Ghost nodded his head, "Yes, you need to build an extremely strong and stable space, and use this space to connect the Natural Law World to the world of the Divine Wasteland. That way, you can use this space to return to the Natural Law World."

"These are all memories I gathered. I don’t know if they are feasible." Well-informed Ghost said. This method was summed up after he gathered his memories from all these years.

Chen Xiang felt that this was a pretty good idea, he would have to think about it himself. After all, the Well-informed Ghost did not grasp the power of the spatial laws, so he did not know what exactly was required of him.

"Well-informed Ghost, do you know that Half-ghost Old Man?" Chen Xiang asked: "Does this guy really exist, or is it just a spirit body?"

"Half-ghost Old Man?" Well-informed Ghost did not know who Chen Xiang was talking about.

"It’s the old man inside the secret array." Chen Xiang said: "I keep having the feeling that this guy is very powerful, the inheritance that he has mastered is not simple at all!"

"Isn’t the inheritance from the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor?" The Well-informed Ghost said.

"No, I have seen the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor!" Chen Xiang felt that Luo Tianjun did not have such a powerful inheritance. For example, he did not have the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan’s medicinal herbs.

But Half-ghost Old Man did!

And also the cultivation method of the World Defying god fire! Although Luo Tianjun could use World Defying god fire, he did not know how he could cultivate it himself.

Chen Xiang had asked Luo Tianjun about the inheritance secret array, Luo Tianjun had only told him that the inheritance secret array was created by a mysterious guy back then. At that time, he did not pay too much attention to it, it was just that he did not expect this person to be so powerful, with a variety of powerful inheritances.

The reason Chen Xiang came to the Myriad Tao Mausoleum was also to enter the secret inheritance array again, to see if he could get the inheritance from the Half-ghost Old Man.

"That’s strange, it seems like this guy is very mysterious!" Well-informed Ghost had always thought that the inheritance inside the secret array came from the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor Luo Tianjun, but now it wasn’t.

Chen Xiang was also very interested in this!

"Therefore, I came here this time to see if I could find this old man." Chen Xiang laughed: "If I do, I will have to spend a lot of Dao crystal s!"

"I just know that more and more people are coming here to find him!" Although many people were able to find the secret inheritance array, very few people were able to find it. In other words, this guy is appearing less and less, and I don’t know why. " The Well-informed Ghost said.

"Is he about to disappear?" Chen Xiang was very worried that he would never see this Half-ghost Old Man again.

"It’s very possible!" Well-informed Ghost said: "So you should think about it carefully, otherwise you will only pay Dao crystal."

"Un, I understand!"

Chen Xiang still decided to give it a try. He bid farewell to Well-informed Ghost and quickly went to the Colorful Forest, took out the Dao Jing bead that he had refined before, and began to search for the secret inheritance array.

Very quickly, he felt that there was an inheritance secret array nearby, he immediately teleported over!

Just as he teleported over, he saw two middle-aged men wearing golden clothes. Chen Xiang immediately recognized that they were all from the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect from their auras.

"The World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect is actually also looking for the secret inheritance array." Chen Xiang did not expect that the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect would have already found the inheritance secret array first, so he did not want to keep it, and took out the Dao Jing bead to look for something else.