Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang felt that these people in front of him were not his match, but if these people knew that he had World Defying Green dragon, then they must have some sort of power to rely on.

"Does he have something to restrain me?" Chen Xiang thought, his heart suddenly shivered.

These fellows from the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain must have been following him around, and since he had met them before, these people definitely knew about it as well.

Chen Xiang immediately thought that these people might have already caught the Well-informed Ghost.

Sure enough, they saw the old man release Well-informed Ghost from a storage divine tool.

"This is your friend, isn’t it? As long as we hand over the World Defying Green dragon, we will definitely not make things difficult for the two of you. " The corners of the old man’s mouth curled up slightly as he revealed a sinister smile.

A wave of fury immediately surged through Chen Xiang’s body, but was immediately suppressed by him. He secretly used the power of space, and realised that the power of space was actually useless.

"Your power of space is useless. Even the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect knows how to suppress your power of space, do you think we don’t know?" Although the old man did not say that he was from the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, his words showed that he was definitely from there.

"Chen Xiang, your World Defying beast is very strong and precious, don’t sacrifice it for a useless old man like me. We haven’t known each other for long, and it’s not worth it for you to do so. From his eyes, it could be seen that he was not afraid of death at all.

"You’re my friend, don’t say that!" Chen Xiang forced a smile at Well-informed Ghost: "And this is what you told me before! I can’t do something like abandoning a friend. "

"Then cut the crap, hand over the World Defying Green dragon." The old man became impatient and shouted.

"I’ll give it to you right now!"

After Chen Xiang finished speaking, his face suddenly changed, and became gloomy and gloomy, the Well-informed Ghost on the ground had also suddenly disappeared, as he had been teleported away using the Time and space power!

World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect and Myriad Tao Divine Mountain only knew that he knew how to use the power of space and did not know about his time, so they were not on guard against him.

"What... "How is this possible!?" Indeed, the old man was dumbstruck. A surge of spatial energy gushed out from their bodies, wanting to escape.

However, he was enveloped by the spatial domain that Chen Xiang had released, making it impossible for him to escape.

"Exterminate the Spirit Star. Leave none alive!" Chen Xiang’s voice was cold.

Sun Lingxing suddenly appeared behind Chen Xiang, his white robes fluttering in the wind, his entire body releasing cold Qi.

"Kill!" Chen Xiang shouted, and also attacked three of the middle-aged men: "You guys want the World Defying Green dragon right? "Let’s see if you have the ability to tame him!"

As Chen Xiang’s voice fell, the furious roar of the Azure Dragon could be heard from within the spatial and temporal domains.

The green dragon’s entire body shone with a green light, as waves of powerful and proud Dragon Power leaked out from the green dragon’s scales.

After the World Defying Green dragon sensed Chen Xiang’s fury, it was also very angry. The moment Chen Xiang released them, it shot out like an arrow, and directly pierced through the bodies of the two youths, killing them in an instant!

Chen Xiang had teleported behind a young man, using Heaven Blasting Palm of Divine Flame he smashed towards the young man’s head, turning him into ashes!

Sun Lingxing was even more straightforward. Both of her hands moved, continuously shooting out small meteors, like a storm, they rained down on the area around the old man. She released a powerful and unparalleled meteor energy, the moment it touched the old man, it would immediately enter his body.

Some of these meteors carried Icy cold power s, some carried the power of thunder and some carried the power of intense flames. After entering the old man’s body, they continuously released this power.

At this time, Chen Xiang and the World Defying Green dragon had already killed the two men who were fighting for their lives!

Sun Lingxing was already at the sage realm in the World Defying Stage in the first place, while the old man was only at the Xuan realm, so he was far from being his match.

"Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, I knew that you guys were up to no good. I never thought that you guys would make a move so quickly, even inviting me to play in your Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, then chased after me." Chen Xiang looked at the old man who was rolling on the ground.

This old man’s body was like a small meteor, he was tormented to the point of being miserable! He really did not expect Chen Xiang to actually be able to use the power of space, because when they appeared, they had already secretly set up an invisible barrier, so that even the powerful spatial masters in their Myriad Tao Divine Mountain would be restricted.

However, Chen Xiang didn’t encounter any hindrances, and directly took away the Well-informed Ghost, then released a powerful World Defying Stage Saintess. In just a short moment, he had caught them off guard, and killed five more World Defying Stage s.

The World Defying Stage s were also extremely precious to the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain s, especially those that could cultivate an unrivalled profound body!

"Chen Xiang... If you dare to go against the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, you won’t be far from death. " The old man said.

"I’ve heard this kind of bullshit a lot, but I’m still alive and kicking! But whoever fights with me, will not be far from death! Of course, I never say much of this nonsense, because I just do it and don’t say it. " Chen Xiang sneered, and continued to release Divine Flame Heaven Blasting Palm towards the old man, until he turned to ash.

Sun Lingxing sighed helplessly: "Myriad Tao Divine Mountain is such a trash, it looks like you have to be careful in the future. They must know that you killed them, no matter what kind of force they are, the World Defying Stage’s death is a serious matter, not to mention that there are so many of them!"

"I’m not afraid of them! It is normal for them to come and rob my World Defying Green dragon but I will kill them instead. Could it be that they are the only ones who are allowed to rob me and I am not allowed to retaliate? If they really want to take revenge, I will kill however many that come. Sooner or later, I will destroy the entire Myriad Tao Divine Mountain. " Chen Xiang said: "It seems that I have to quickly build a bridge and return to the Natural Law World."

There was a Myriad Tao Divine Mountain in the Natural Law World, which was the biggest threat to Chen Xiang!

After being released by Chen Xiang, Well-informed Ghost immediately closed his eyes and absorbed the remnant soul inside. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"Do you know anything?" Chen Xiang asked: "Is there any way for Myriad Tao Divine Mountain to send someone to Natural Law World from there?"

Chen Xiang was more concerned with this. If the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain s inside the Natural Law World did not have any powerful World Defying Stage s, he was not too worried. Long Jiuxiao could handle this.

"They do have a way, but it won’t work in a short period of time. They are also restricted by a lot of laws! They have a total of ten World Defying Stage s in the Natural Law World and three of them have cultivated an arrogant profound body. " After Well-informed Ghost absorbed the remnant souls, he found out about many of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain’s matters.