Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The fact that the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain in the Natural Law World had such a strong power made Chen Xiang even more worried.

"This won’t do, if this goes on, once the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain attacks, it will be very difficult to resist. They must make Long Jiuxiao and the others even more powerful, otherwise, they won’t be able to fight against the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain." Chen Xiang frowned and said: "Well-informed Ghost, I need to go check out the inheritance array, I need an inheritance right now, you can stay here by yourself, there shouldn’t be a problem right?"

"It’s okay, I’m very familiar with Myriad Tao Mausoleum. I have a place to go, you have to be careful too." Well-informed Ghost said. He possessed a large amount of memories and was very clear about many things. He also understood his current strength.

Chen Xiang gave him some Heaven and Earth infinite Dan, and asked him to find a place to cultivate in seclusion so that he could enter the World Defying Stage.

After the Well-informed Ghost left, Chen Xiang entered the secret inheritance array. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

The inside of the array was a complete blank, there was nothing inside, which made Chen Xiang a little disappointed, but this was also a normal thing.

Just as he was about to leave, he suddenly heard a burst of laughter.

"It’s the Half-ghost Old Man!" Chen Xiang was pleasantly surprised, and then he looked around, and very quickly, he saw a translucent shadow.

After seeing the Half-ghost Old Man, Chen Xiang immediately laughed, "I thought that all my hard work would be in vain this time, I never expected that you would actually appear!"

Half-ghost Old Man laughed: "This is the third time I’ve met you. Originally, I didn’t plan to appear, but this doesn’t seem like a good idea, so I appeared."

Chen Xiang curled his lips: "You actually want to avoid me, why is that?"

"There’s also no reason. The main reason is that you’ve come in too many times ... If there’s too much, it will be unfair to the others. However, I have to admit that your luck is pretty good, to be able to see me again so quickly, I’ll make an exception and give you another inheritance. " Half-ghost Old Man stroked his beard and laughed.

"Your inheritance is sometimes unreliable, and you don’t even have what I need. So what if you see me a few more times?" Chen Xiang said snappily: "Can you really not come again next time?"

"You really can’t come again, so I will try my best to fulfill your request." The Half-ghost Old Man said.

When Chen Xiang came here, he had already thought about it.

"I need a pill formula. This type of pill formula can allow me to quickly cultivate World Defying Holy Body and wrap the ingredients." Chen Xiang said: "Can you give it to me? You just said that you will do your best to fulfill my request. This is the last time I’m here, so you have to promise me! "

"Fine, I’ll agree!" The Half-ghost Old Man did not hesitate and immediately agreed. He even took out a box and passed it to Chen Xiang: "Whether these three medicinal herbs can be refined into Tianyuan holy body Dan or not, it all depends on you."

"So straightforward, you really can do it!" Chen Xiang was very happy, he never thought that the Half-ghost Old Man would really have such a pill, which made him suspect that the inheritor was extremely proficient in pill refining.

"Of course, take it back and refine it properly. It’s not easy to forge!" Half-ghost Old Man laughed and said: "I’ll send you out now."

After he finished speaking, Chen Xiang’s vision went black, and then he appeared in a barren mountain in the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

"I need to use some snacks to research how to refine them. But before that, I need to plant more." Just like before, Chen Xiang gave the three medicinal herbs to the Mei Jing Sisters s in order for them to cultivate them.

After he left the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, he used the Six Realms Time and Space Door to look for Tang Zhongjie’s location, and then teleported nearby.

"Is Myriad Tao Divine Mountain here?" Chen Xiang arrived above a huge ocean, the surroundings were filled with an azure blue ocean.

Tang Zhongjie was surprised that he could find this place based on the information he got from the Six Realms Time and Space Door, but he was sure that the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain was in this ocean which belonged to the Divine Wasteland as well.

After he took out the Communication jade Symbol paper and sent a message to Tang Zhongjie, he very quickly received a reply.

"Where is the Daofather?" I want to talk to him about something. " Chen Xiang asked, he did not give the Communication jade Symbol paper to Luo Tianjun previously.

Very quickly, Luo Tianjun used the Communication jade Symbol paper to talk to him.

"What is it?" Luo Tianjun asked.

"You are in the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain?"

"Yes, we have been here for quite some time. Is there something you need?" Luo Tianjun did not know that the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain had sent people to kill him.

Chen Xiang told Luo Tianjun about how he was chased by the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain in a simple manner. When Luo Tianjun heard this, he was extremely furious, but Chen Xiang told him not to make a move first.

Afterwards, Chen Xiang told Luo Tianjun about the matters of the Natural Law World. He wanted to see if Luo Tianjun had a way to build a bridge between the two of them so that he could return.

Right now, the Natural Law World is sealed by a mysterious power. Even if the people inside have very strong powers, they will not be able to enter the Divine Wasteland. Luo Tianjun said: "It’s not impossible to build a bridge, I think we can try! I heard Fang Haoyun talk about the Dan God Mysterious Land before ... That Dan God Mysterious Land is a world that is hidden within the stone tablet, and the stone tablet is in your hands, right? "

"Yes!" Daofather, are you saying that the bridge is made with the Dan God Mysterious Land? " Chen Xiang thought about this and felt that this was a good idea.

"Not bad, you can try. I’ll explain some of the knowledge that the world has constructed to you so that you can understand it better. It shouldn’t be difficult for you to master the Time and space power yourself ..."

Following that, Luo Tianjun began to narrate to Chen Xiang his experiences in creating this grand time period, which benefited him a lot.

"Alright, I believe that you will definitely succeed! Leave the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain to me, they are treating us pretty well right now, if we can borrow their resources to level up, that would be a good idea. " Luo Tianjun said.

Good, they must already know that the people sent to kill me have been killed, they are all from World Defying Stage. They will definitely take this matter very seriously. Facing the gigantic Myriad Tao Divine Mountain and World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, Chen Xiang could only avoid them.

After Chen Xiang left the ocean, he hid inside a cave and started to think about how to build a bridge between the Natural Law World and himself.

After pondering for more than a month, Chen Xiang finally had a clue.

"Now, we have to first connect the Dan God Mysterious Land and the world of the Divine Wasteland, and then connect the Dan God Mysterious Land and the world of the Divine Wasteland! The hardest part would be connecting it to the Natural Law World, which would require me to use a powerful Time and space power. "