Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang sat in the middle of the plaza in the middle of Dan God Mysterious Land City. He took out the Six Realms mirrors and activated the great formation inside the Six Realms mirrors. If he did not have enough World Defying Stage Divine Power, he would need to rely on the Six Realms mirrors’s help.

Furthermore, he had the four women from the World Defying Stage prepare themselves. At that time, he might need to borrow their power!

"Natural Law World has a barrier that seals the entire space within the world. If I want to successfully build the World Bridge, I must weaken the barrier’s power."

Chen Xiang closed his eyes to feel the space within the Natural Law World, and very quickly, he felt that the powerful barrier was indeed very frightening, and it was even extremely difficult for him to enter or leave. He finally understood why he had used so much energy to get Heaven and Earth infinite Dan from this place, it was all because of that barrier.

"How can I weaken that Spirit Formation?" Chen Xiang secretly thought: "Let Qilian and the others destroy it? This won’t do, if Myriad Tao Divine Mountain were to find out, they would be in great danger! "

"It looks like I have to talk to Xianxian and the others!" Chen Xiang had not seen Xue Xianxian for a very long time as well. He immediately threw a stone at the sky above the Hundreds of Flowers Village, and Yue’er quickly ran out, calling Xue Xianxian and Liu Meng’er over.

The Hundreds of Flowers Village and the Heavenly Dragon City were resolute as gold, they had done a great service to the women who had forged the formation. Even at this time, they were extremely busy, and if not for Chen Xiang saying that he had something important to discuss with them, they would not have come out.

"Xianxian, Elder Sister Meng’er, have you been well! I miss you, but I can’t go back. " Chen Xiang said pitifully: "I’m so lonely here!"

"Hmph, you little scoundrel, you must have harmed quite a few ladies over there." Xue Xianxian scoffed.

"Exactly!" Liu Meng’er understood Chen Xiang very well. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"Oh heavens and earth... "I really haven’t. Although I have a few beautiful friends, I am very honest. I am only friends with them." Chen Xiang said in an extremely wronged manner.

"Okay, okay, what is it? We also have something to discuss with you. " Xue Xianxian said.

"I want to go back ..." Chen Xiang then told the two girls about his plan to build the World Bridge, but Chen Xiang did not expect that they would actually be discussing this matter with Chen Xiang.

They knew very well that the Natural Law World had been strengthened by a barrier and that they were extremely proficient in all sorts of array formations. Although they did not have the time or space energy, they could obtain these through array formations.

Thus, they were relatively clear about how this world worked.

"Now that the Natural Law World has a very powerful barrier protecting them, it would be even more difficult for me to connect to them." Chen Xiang said: "My two beautiful wives, do you have any ideas?"

"Idiot!" Xue Xianxian scoffed, "The barrier enchantment outside the Natural Law World was set up by the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, and the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain itself definitely isn’t that strong. They must have borrowed the Natural Law World’s power, or perhaps the Divine Wasteland’s power.

Liu Meng’er nodded. "Yes! No matter if you use the power of the Natural Law World or borrow the power of the entire Divine Wasteland, this power must be channeled through the entire Natural Law World in order to create a strong barrier. The Natural Law World is a place that contains energy and is also a base for formations! "

If you want to break through that barrier, you only need to drain half of the Natural Law World’s power and the barrier’s power will definitely weaken. At that time, you can use the energy that you drain to convert it into spatial energy and build a bridge between the two of them.

Chen Xiang thought about it, this was indeed a good idea. After hiding the power of the Natural Law World from him, he was able to absorb the power of the Natural Law World. As for how much he could absorb, he had not tried it on himself.

"Will this not affect the operation of the Natural Law World? Would the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain be real? " Chen Xiang asked again.

"Myriad Tao Divine Mountain definitely does not know, that it is not the first or second time such an error has occurred in Natural Law World! If the Myriad Tao lost a lot of power, the first to worry would be the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, they would think of ways to transfer it from the Divine Wasteland. " Xue Xianxian said: "Right now, you just need to use the power of space and let Divine Wasteland s and Dan God Mysterious Land s link together. That way, you can build a bridge!"

"When the time comes, you only need to take care of the Dan God Mysterious Land. This is the bridge between the two realms. Right, when the time comes, I will choose the Hundreds of Flowers Village! Sister Bai Ling and Yue’er both have very high attainments in the use of Spatial Force. In addition to the formation we have set up, it should be able to help you successfully build a World Bridge. " Liu Meng’er continued.

"Good, it’s great to have you all here!" Originally, Chen Xiang did not know how he would be able to break through this obstacle. However, with Xue Xianxian and Liu Meng’er’s help, he felt much more at ease.

With a direction, it became much more convenient for Chen Xiang to execute it. At this moment, he began to extract the power of the Natural Law World, and all of it condensed within his Divine Sense Sea World.

It was also only now that he realized just how powerful his Divine Sense Sea World was.

However, what made him extremely speechless was that the Six beasts in the Divine Sense Sea World was actually greedily devouring the Myriad Tao’s power.

"You six guys, be a good boy and don’t eat all of it." Chen Xiang was helpless, he had no choice but to hurry up and start, otherwise the Myriad Tao’s power would almost be completely absorbed.

Very quickly, he established a fusion point between the Dan God Mysterious Land and herself, and had them merge with the Divine Wasteland. Then, he felt a trace of spatial undulation from the Natural Law World, one that originated from the Natural Law World itself.

This fluctuation was a signal that the lady in Hundreds of Flowers Village had sent him. He needed to fuse the other side of the Dan God Mysterious Land with the signal point.

"Let’s begin now!" Chen Xiang bellowed, and released all the World Defying Stage Divine Power in his body, turning it into the vast Time and space power, and smashed the signal point that came from the Natural Law World.

In an instant, Chen Xiang blasted a black hole through a part of the Dan God Mysterious Land!

"Yes, good!" What’s next is to sew it up with the Natural Law World. " This also required a lot of World Defying Stage Divine Power, but fortunately for him, he had absorbed a lot of Myriad Tao’s power from the Natural Law World and quickly converted it into Time and space power, repairing the areas that he had destroyed in the Natural Law World and the Natural Law World.

This process was extremely slow and unstable, causing the entire Dan God Mysterious Land to tremble!

"I can only let the Six Realms mirrors absorb my power." Chen Xiang opened the Six Realms mirrors, allowing the Six Realms mirrors’s large formation to gather a large amount of Myriad Tao’s power, allowing him to condense Time and space power unceasingly.