Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

While Chen Xiang was doing this, he was checking on the Hundreds of Flowers Village, he was worried that this kind of activity would alarm the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain.

"Yue Er, how are things on your side?" Chen Xiang saw Yue’er coming out and immediately asked her.

"Everything is very smooth. We are using a spatial array, Bai Ling is watching." "What about you?" Yue’er asked.

"I’m okay, I should be done soon." Chen Xiang laughed: "When the time comes, I will see you again, little girl, have you grown up yet?"

"I’m like that, I can’t grow up." Yue’er laughed. "That’s right, did you harm the other girls over there?"

"Of course not." Chen Xiang was telling the truth.

"The effect of your Heaven and Earth infinite Dan is very good. Before long, our Hundreds of Flowers Village and Heavenly Dragon City will have a batch of World Defying Stage s. At that time, you don’t have to worry about them." Yue’er asked, "Have you made enemies with them over there?"

"They are the ones who are my enemies. I did not provoke them." Both the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect and the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain wanted to get his World Defying beast. Fortunately, they only knew that he had the World Defying Green dragon, and if he had the other five beasts, they would hunt him down even more frantically.

The Dan God Mysterious Land’s pitch-black hole had already started to shine, which meant that they had already been connected to the Natural Law World.

After Chen Xiang confirmed that the passage was stable, he put away the Time and space power and ran over!

Just as he walked over, he saw a white figure accompanied by a fragrant smell pouncing over, it was Xia Bailing!

"Sister Bai Ling!" Xia Bailing mischievously rushed over and hugged Chen Xiang, and even picked him up.

"I’ve finally met you, little scoundrel!" Xia Bailing giggled, and continued to pinch Chen Xiang’s handsome face: "You have become a little fatter!"

Chen Xiang was not courteous at all, as she rubbed Xia Bailing’s beautiful face.

Soon after, Liu Meng’er and Xue Xianxian also walked in.

Xue Xianxian stuck his tongue out at Chen Xiang, then was embraced by him.

Chen Xiang kissed her on the cheek. "I made you worry, my little lady."

"It’s good that you’re still alive." Xue Xianxian chuckled, and then pinched the flesh of Chen Xiang’s arm: "You’re still so strong!"

"That’s right!" Chen Xiang snickered.

After Lv Qilian received the news, he immediately came over with Long Huishan and Feng Yujie.

After so many years, Chen Xiang was very happy to see these beauties again.

"This Dan God Mysterious Land is not bad, why don’t we use it as our retreat path? If Hundreds of Flowers Village and the Heavenly Dragon City are unable to hold on, we will withdraw here! " Liu Meng’er said, "When we go back, we can get another spatial Transmission array and place it in the Heavenly Dragon City. At that time, the Heavenly Dragon City will be able to teleport here as well."

Dan God Mysterious Land was still very spacious and this place was indeed very stable. This was a world created by someone like Myriad Tao Dan God, who had transcended Myriad Tao, so naturally, it was very powerful.

"I’ll see you guys more often in the future." Chen Xiang laughed: "Oh right, there are many ingredients inside, you can let Sister Feng and the other girls take care of it." Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

After that, Chen Xiang went to the Hundreds of Flowers Village, and met those beautiful girls one by one. He even ate some tofu on the bodies of a few beauties, and at night, it was naturally time for him and all the other beauties ...

Chen Xiang had returned to the Natural Law World from a new life, which also made him a lot more at ease. After an entire night of indulgence with the beauties, when he woke up the next day, he immediately headed for the Heavenly Dragon City.

Last night, he had found out from those girls that his father, Shen Tianhu, was also inside the Heavenly Dragon City, and that even that island had descended onto the Heavenly Dragon City, so the Heavenly Dragon City was extremely powerful as a whole. Now that Chen Xiang had returned, with the help of Chen Xiang’s various super high quality divine pellets, he would become even more powerful, and it would only be a matter of time before he surpassed the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain and the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect.

When Chen Xiang headed towards the Heavenly Dragon City, he kept a very low profile and did not let too many people know about it. He only let Long Jiuxiao, his father, Gu Dongchen and the other higher-ups of the Heavenly Dragon City know about it.

The Heavenly Dragon City had a lot of potential, because there were powerful Heavenly beast s inside. The green dragon, white tiger, and vermillion sparrow, were all there. If they could all step into the World Defying Stage, they would be considered World Defying beast s.

So the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan that was sent over, was first to give them these strong Heavenly beast, Long Jiuxiao also understood this point.

"We know nothing about the specific strength of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, but the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect is able to gather some information, but the specifics are not clear, they have concealed it very well! "In addition, they have recruited quite a few forces in secret. Some have openly, while others have been secretly carried out." Long Jiuxiao said, "World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect and Myriad Tao Divine Mountain are trying to rope in other forces. I wonder if they’re planning to start a war."

Shen Tianhu said: "I actually think that before they fight, they will definitely kill us first, if not they won’t be able to relax either! After all, within the Natural Law World, we are the strongest power besides them. "

"You don’t have to worry about that now. If you really can’t beat them, you can leave this place and head to the Divine Wasteland." Chen Xiang said: "Divine Wasteland is very vast."

At this time, Chen Xiang was discussing about Myriad Tao Divine Mountain and the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect with them. He had already obtained the Tianyuan holy body Dan, and could allow others to cultivate and produce the World Defying Holy Body.

Chen Xiang chatted with them from day to night, then they finally returned to Hundreds of Flowers Village. Right now, he was playing around with the two girls, Shui Bingyan and Xiao Jin’er.

Originally, Chen Xiang wanted to look for his naughty sisters, Leng Youlan and Mu Qianxiang. However they had all eaten Heaven and Earth infinite Dan s and was about to step into World Defying Stage.

"Xiang Yin, it’s so good to be able to hear your zither music." Chen Xiang lied on the lawn, looked at the stars in the sky, and listened to Yang Xiangyin play the zither, and thought about many things from the past.

"If it wasn’t for you, I wouldn’t be here right now playing the zither for you." Yang Xiangyin smiled lightly: "As long as you like it, I can play the zither for you my entire life."

Xiao Jin’er and Yue’er were in the middle of their chase when they suddenly heard Yue’er’s shout, "Elder Sister Xiao Ling is here!"

"Big Sister Du is here!" She and Shui Bingyan immediately quieted down. It seemed that they were a little afraid of the poisonous woman, Du Xiaoling.

"I didn’t expect you to come back as soon as I came out." Du Xiaoling looked like a cute and innocent girl, but she was a poison expert, and had poisoned many people to death.

"Elder Sister Xiao Ling, I never thought you would be so scary here! Look at how you frightened Bing Yan and Jin’er. " Chen Xiang chuckled.

"Humph!" Du Xiaoling laughed tenderly, walked to Chen Xiang’s side, and sat down: "Did you encounter any strong poison in Divine Wasteland?"

"Of course I met them. They were all very powerful, so I was tortured to death." Chen Xiang thought back to this matter and fear appeared in his eyes. The Wangwo poison was the most terrifying poison he had encountered so far.