Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chen Xiang had already burnt down the entire sea of Wangwo flower before this, but he still grew some in the You Yao Mountain Villa. This was also what he used for collection, after all, this was a very powerful poison, if the poison was strong enough, it would still be harmful to the experts in the World Defying Stage.

"What poison? Quickly tell me!" She was especially interested in the strange poison that was able to poison Chen Xiang. She was very clear about Chen Xiang’s impenetrable body and about the poison that even Chen Xiang was unable to resist against.

"There are two poisons that I am unable to defend against, not even the current me..." Of course, if the poison is too weak, I can still resist it. " Chen Xiang laughed: The first type is called Dragon magic poison, and it isn’t fatal, but it can invisibly poison people, and it can make them blurry. The second type is called Wangwo poison, and this poison is extremely strong, although it can’t kill people, or even kill people, it’s inexpensive but it can make people feel like they want to die ....

Following that, Chen Xiang told Du Xiaoling in detail about the impressiveness of the two poisons, causing Du Xiaoling to be extremely enchanted by them.

"It’s a good thing that I have antidote pills for both of these poisons." Chen Xiang laughed mischievously, and then, he took out a few antidote pills for Du Xiaoling. Seeing Du Xiaoling’s current expression, he knew Du Xiaoling would definitely pester him, and ask him to surrender these two poisons.

"You better stay by your side. If you are poisoned, you must eat the Antidote Pill immediately." Chen Xiang earnestly reminded, and then he gave Du Xiaoling two boxes.

One of the boxes contained several bottles of Dragon magic poison Liquid. If one was not infected by this poison, they would not be poisoned and would be relatively safe.

Just the smell was enough to cause someone to be poisoned. Chen Xiang gave Du Xiaoling some poison powder and a few Wangwo flower, and warned her again.

After Du Xiaoling obtained the poison, he ran away like he had obtained a treasure.

"I hope that she won’t be poisoned!" Chen Xiang still hoped that Du Xiaoling could refine an even stronger poison out of the two poisons. Although Du Xiaoling herself was very strong, she used poison as her real strength.

Deep into the night, Chen Xiang went to Lv Qilian’s bedroom. Lv Qilian was currently resting on his bed, so Chen Xiang walked over and picked her up.

"Sister Qilian, aren’t you going to eat Heaven and Earth infinite Dan?" Chen Xiang asked. Lv Qilian and Long Huishan had not eaten.

"I’m not in a hurry!" Lv Qilian leaned into Chen Xiang’s embrace, and faintly said: "It has been a long time since I have engaged in any battles, and I usually take charge of this Hundreds of Flowers Village! So let’s just let those girls who are good at fighting eat. "

"Right now, Hundreds of Flowers Village’s power is very weak. At any rate, Heavenly Dragon City has a World Defying Stage like Long Jiuxiao." Chen Xiang said.

"Yes!" So you might as well stay here for the time being! Previously, when you took away so much energy from the Natural Law World, I was worried that the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain and the others would discover something. Lv Qilian’s worries were not without reason. When Chen Xiang was building the world bridge, the commotion he caused was not small.

Chen Xiang kissed Lv Qilian on the cheek and said, "I still have some things to do in Divine Wasteland ... But you don’t have to worry, I will leave behind two powerful friends to help you! "

"Friend? A woman? " Lv Qilian spat lightly and pinched Chen Xiang’s waist.

Chen Xiang chuckled, and then let Long Qiumu and Sun Lingxing come out of the You Yao Mountain Villa. They were all from the World Defying Stage, especially Sun Lingxing, who had already cultivated the Sacred Body!

At the same time, Lv Qilian was still holding Lv Qilian, who was sitting on his legs, when two beautiful women suddenly appeared. This made her a little bashful, and she quickly jumped out of Chen Xiang’s embrace.

Long Qiumu and Sun Lingxing had known that there were a lot of women by Chen Xiang’s side, but they hadn’t thought that there would be so many ... It was because last night, Chen Xiang and many women had been unrestrained and they had sensed it from the inside, but they had scolded Chen Xiang the whole night ...

"Alright, everyone is trustworthy!" Chen Xiang smiled and then introduced Sun Lingxing and Long Qiumu to him.

Lv Qilian had interacted with many women before, so he naturally knew how to get on good terms with them. So he didn’t worry.

"I need to go back to the Divine Wasteland now, and come back after a while." Chen Xiang said, because the Tianyuan holy body Dan’s medicine had not been planted, and he could not wait here, he had to do something.

"Alright, you can come back now. You can come back whenever you want." Lv Qilian nodded and then brought Sun Lingxing and Long Qiumu to leave the bedroom. She had to introduce these two strong women to everyone.

... ....

When Chen Xiang returned to the Divine Wasteland, the first thing he did was to go to that ocean and contact Luo Tianjun there.

"Daofather, I succeeded!" Chen Xiang quickly told Luo Tianjun the good news.

"That’s great, isn’t it? "Right, how did you succeed? Tell me, I have never done this before." Luo Tianjun was very curious about this.

Chen Xiang told Luo Tianjun about the entire process. Xue Xianxian, Liu Meng’er and the others had to come up with a lot of ideas in order to succeed.

After Luo Tianjun heard it, he felt that this method was not bad and praised it continuously.

"Dao Ancestor, ask around in the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain to see if they have found out that I am connected to the Natural Law World ... ... Furthermore, the matter of me killing those few World Defying Stage s last time. " Chen Xiang said. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"They probably did not find out about what happened at Natural Law World! On the other hand, the fact that several World Defying Stage s had been killed caused a huge sensation in the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain! Those who were able to reach the World Defying Stage are all old antiques. Although they are not the strongest in the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, they have a relatively high status. There are also a lot of people under their command, but all of them are dead now. " Luo Tianjun said: "Most of the disciples in Myriad Tao Divine Mountain do not know who killed them!"

"However, the higher ups of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain definitely know that you were the one who did it, because they all know what mission these World Defying Stage were sent to do."

"Why didn’t they announce that I did it?" Chen Xiang asked: "The higher ups of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain must hate me to the bone! I let them suffer such heavy losses, and they even helped me hide this matter."

"My guess is that they don’t want to get into a relationship with you for the time being! Furthermore, we are still in the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, if they were to tell us that you are the murderer, and we are your friends, we will definitely leave the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain immediately. They have already lost a few World Defying Stage experts, so if we were to go again, the power of their Myriad Tao Divine Mountain will be weakened even more.

"Also, they might plan to continue maintaining a good relationship with you on the surface and then find a chance to make a move against you. Although this Myriad Tao Divine Mountain is very powerful, he likes to use these kind of sinister methods." Luo Tianjun said.

"Oh right, World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect actually invited Myriad Tao Divine Mountain to discuss some matters. I don’t know the specifics, but Myriad Tao Divine Mountain has already agreed. I only heard that it is related to the Myriad Tao’s treasure that is being nurtured in the Divine Wasteland! "