Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect and the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain were originally very contradictory to each other. Now, they were actually working together for some Myriad Tao treasure, which made Chen Xiang very surprised.

"What is the Myriad Tao’s treasure?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously. Although he was not sure, but he was sure that it would be an entire Gu, or Myriad Tao Divine Mountain would not accept World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect’s invitation. It could be seen that Myriad Tao Divine Mountain valued this place greatly, and could even temporarily put down their grudges and discuss about it.

"It’s a treasure bred by the Myriad Tao, as for what it is, I’m not too sure. In short, it must be very powerful, my guess should be able to help people cultivate the Primordial Divine Body, or maybe it could allow people to break through the limitations of the Myriad Tao’s laws, surpass the Primordial Divine Body realm, and transcend the Myriad Tao." Luo Tianjun said: "If you are interested, I can let you know when the time comes and you can also sneak in."

"Okay, about what time?" Of course, Chen Xiang was interested, he anxiously asked about the time, if he wanted to go, he had to make sufficient preparations, at the very least, he had to be strong enough, and when that time came, the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain and the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect would definitely be filled with experts.

"There are still a few more months before the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect will notify us." Luo Tianjun said: "I will continue to pay attention to the movements of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain. You just need to come here once in awhile to contact me."

"Daofather, is the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain in the sea?" Chen Xiang did not see any mountains here, it was only the sea.

"The Divine Wasteland that is at the bottom of the sea is extremely secretive! The World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect is in the sky, but the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain is actually hiding in the depths of the ocean. " Luo Tianjun laughed: "If you want to see, then just dive down. Myriad Tao Divine Mountain is extremely confident in their defense, I believe that if you go any closer, you won’t be discovered by Myriad Tao Divine Mountain."

"I’m not going. I’m not interested." After Chen Xiang left the ocean, he came to a relatively bustling city within the Divine Wasteland. There had been a large change within the Divine Wasteland.

Previously, this place was ruled by a few Divine Sects s, but now, it had become a place where World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect and the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain took over, and those Divine Sects no longer existed.

The World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect and the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain were both about the same strength, and they seemed to have grasped a method to allow people to quickly enter the World Defying Stage, so it attracted many people to join them, and entering these two super powers required going through a cruel competition, even if they entered, they would still have to continue competing, otherwise they would only be eliminated.

Under such a cruel environment, the person who could climb to the highest point must be a ruthless person!

"People in these cities are really slow." Chen Xiang strolled around, but didn’t meet any strong humans, he finally found two Venerable Ancestor Later-stage s, they were actually from the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain.

As Chen Xiang wandered around the city for a longer time, he realised that there were more people from the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain s. Although they were all from the Venerable ancestor realm, their numbers were not normal.

"What do they seem to be looking for?" Following two of the middle-aged men, Chen Xiang finally realized that they were knocking on the door of a house and asking about some things.

Chen Xiang eavesdropped and found out that the people of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain were asking for news about a big fireball!

However, the people in the house did not know about it!

"The targets these guys are inquiring about are all of relatively high status." Chen Xiang followed them and realised that the people from the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain were knocking on the doors of the mansion. Because they were very strong, they only released a little bit of Qi, but the other side would answer whenever they were asked.

Chen Xiang continued to follow them, he found a strange place, these people did not reveal that they were from the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, if it was not for the fact that Chen Xiang could feel the aura of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain from their bodies, he would not know that these people came from the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain.

"Strange, why didn’t they reveal their identities? Instead, you are releasing your aura to frighten others, so that others can answer their questions? " Chen Xiang pondered: "Could it be that they’re doing all this to keep it a secret?"

Chen Xiang did not continue to follow him. He was very curious about what the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain was asking about. A month ago, a large fireball had landed near the city, but that large fireball had disappeared, and it had not left any traces in the vicinity.

In order to find out where the big fireball had gone, these people came to inquire about it.

Chen Xiang released many Mouse Man s, he had some Mouse Man s inquire on the streets, there were a few thousand of them in total, he felt that they would benefit from this, although there were many people in the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, there were only about a hundred of them, which was far from his level.

More than two hours later, Chen Xiang did not manage to find out anything about the mysterious Giant Fireball, but he did find out that the people of World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect were here asking about it. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"Could this be related to some Myriad Tao treasure?" Chen Xiang couldn’t help but remember Luo Tianjun telling him about the Myriad Tao’s treasure today.

At night, the city became much quieter. One of Chen Xiang’s Mouse Man came to the region outside of the city and suddenly heard a child speaking to a few others.

The little boy said proudly, "Last night, when I woke up and peed in the middle of the night, I saw a huge sun setting from the sky through the window! Tonight, I will continue to stand guard here. I might even be able to see it! "

After Chen Xiang heard this, he immediately focused his attention on the Mouse Man, and let the Mouse Man walk past.

"Bullsh * t. Why is there a sun at night? And why is it falling?"

"Exactly, boasting is not a good child, we won’t play with you anymore!"

The other young boys did not believe his words. After a few taunts, they ran off to play. The boy was also very upset.

After the Mouse Man walked over, he asked with a smile, "Where did the sun fall from?"

"You believe me?" The little boy was very excited.

"Yes!" Mouse Man nodded his head: "Because I know about this, it’s just a pity that I don’t have the intention, can you tell me what happened?"

"En!" The little boy nodded and told Mouse Man what he saw last night.

After Chen Xiang finished listening, he already knew the direction in which the large fireball was falling. Moreover, it was falling at a very fast speed.

As the little boy was located in a remote part of the city, he could see a burst of white light after the large fireball landed on the ground. Then, it disappeared!

Chen Xiang grasped the important information, the large fireball fell very quickly, but it did not hit the ground, so there was no movement. There was also the large fireball that was about to hit the ground, but it suddenly flashed with a white light and disappeared, it must have become something!

"Just what is this thing?" Chen Xiang was extremely curious, and he ran towards a direction. He wanted to go there and see if there really were any traces.