Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had used the power of time because, on one hand, he wanted to cultivate the Myriad Tao’s Divine Arts and, most importantly, to quickly grow medicinal ingredients. In the You Yao Mountain Villa, he had spent every single day cultivating those medicinal ingredients and hadn’t had a good rest for many days.

"You used the power of time?" Sensing the change in time, Feng Ke’er anxiously asked. Previously, she had felt that Chen Xiang had carried a very strange power with him when he had teleported, but she was also unable to sense it at that time.

"Yes!" Chen Xiang said: "I am currently planting the medicinal herbs, but those medicinal herbs require a very long time to mature, and I also need to urgently use them, so I can only do this, but it is still too slow. My comprehension of the Time Laws is still not deep enough, and currently, it can only change from a day to a month, and that friend of mine who died before me is extremely powerful, able to change from a day to a year."

"Do you need a lot of energy to go from one day to one month? Is there too much pressure when you use it? " Feng Ke’er asked again.

Chen Xiang’s heart skipped a beat. This Feng Ke’er was proficient in all kinds of arrays. He definitely knew the Time Formation.

Chen Xiang had always been unable to receive guidance on this matter, so the reason why Feng Ke’er asked this question today was definitely so that he could receive guidance.

"In the past, there was a bit of pressure, but now, there isn’t any pressure. I am already under the World Defying Stage, it was very easy for me to accomplish." said. Before, Time Ghost was not even World Defying Stage’s, but he could change it by a year.

"Then I’ll teach you how to do it now. It can make the time change even more." Feng Ke’er laughed: "I have some experience in this area."

"Is that so? "That’s great, quickly tell me what to do!" Chen Xiang said.

"First of all, if you want to grow medicinal ingredients, you just need to use it on the plants you plant. If the power of time covers too many things, then the consumption of energy will be great due to too many people inside." Feng Ke’er said: "Moreover, you will also need to wait a long time by yourself. Of course, if you need more time, it’s alright. "

"Mm, I’ll remember it." Chen Xiang planned to give it a try after a while. He only used the Time Formation to cover the herbs that he needed to cultivate.

"Alright, then I’ll teach you a very simple method to make you spend more time." Feng Ke’er said, "You can change from one day to one month now! This is equivalent to a single day becoming thirty days. "

"Yes!" Chen Xiang nodded.

This way, your thirty days will become thirty months once again. And like this, you will be able to use those thirty months to gather a layer of the Time Law’s power, and if you can maintain the World Defying Stage Divine Power, then you can make a lot of layers after layers. This kind of change in time will be very terrifying.

Feng Ke’er said: "When I set up the Time Formation, I used this kind of method to go along with it, and when you use the power of time, I think that it would also work.

Chen Xiang had already fallen into deep thought. He had indeed not thought that he could do this before, but hearing Feng Ke’er’s words now, he felt that it should work!

And this kind of method, made him think of the derivation method from the Dan god mystery! Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

The method Feng Ke’er told him was similar to this, which was the time when one day becomes thirty days, and thirty days becomes thirty months, and thirty months becomes another ... If they continued to grow, they would have endless time.

The derivation method was the same. With endless derivation, one could obtain immeasurably high quality pills!

There was no limit to this!

"Un, I’ll give it a try now!" Chen Xiang had used a derivation method before, so he had a clearer understanding of this. The consumption would be huge, and he was mentally prepared for this.

At this time, he had already displayed the first layer of the Time Laws, and was now in the process of using his own Time Laws.

Next, he attempted to use the second level of the Time Laws!

After using it, he immediately felt his World Defying Stage Divine Power crazily flowing, using all of it to convert the power of time.

"It’s quite good that I can last one day!" Chen Xiang calculated the amount of time that the World Defying Stage Divine Power had to pass, and could feel that the transformed power of time could sustain its circulation for one day.

One day was equivalent to 30 months. It was almost three years, and the time difference was much greater than before!

"Did Time Ghost also use this method before?" Chen Xiang felt that after using it for one day, he would definitely need to rest.

"It’s a success!" Feng Ke’er exclaimed: "You’re really talented, just a try and you’ve succeeded! When I was setting up the formation, I tried several times before succeeding. "

"Nothing, I have similar experience." Chen Xiang laughed, this was all from the experience he gained when he used the derivation method. In addition, he was extremely proficient in using the power of the Time Laws, which was why he was able to be so successful.

"You said that you want to get medicinal herbs, does that mean you know how to concoct pills?" "Amazing, you actually know so much." At this time, Feng Ke’er finally realised that Chen Xiang had more and more good points.

"I’m not as strong as you. You’re already so strong when you’re setting up the formation, and in your eyes, it’s just a piece of cake. You’re so small, yet you’re already so strong. I really admire you." What Chen Xiang said was the truth, at least he couldn’t create a very strong array like Feng Ke’er.

"Of course. After all, I am an Elf who has been sealed. If I am not powerful in this aspect, I would not be able to become an Elf." Feng Ke’er giggled: "I’m already helping you modify your Six Realms mirrors. Your Six Realms mirrors itself is a very good natural divine tool.

Chen Xiang felt the same way. Six Realms mirrors were divine tools that he used frequently, and they had many uses.

However, facing World Defying Stage, Six Realms mirrors was a little weak and would be easily shattered by the powerful World Defying Stage. Thus, when facing World Defying Stage, he didn’t dare to use it much.

"Chen Xiang, you seem to have quite a few Divine Artifacts and things like that, can you let me take a look? Although I am also refining, but I didn’t forge much. It was just a small fight, and the main thing is that I did not see much, I just came out of the seal, and was only watching others refine it. " Regarding this, Feng Ke’er was full of curiosity.

After that, Chen Xiang placed both his own Tianchuang furnace s into the Six Realms mirrors, and then put in a piece of the Primordial Divine Net. This was his first time using a World Defying artifact.

Just like the Six Realms mirrors, the strength of the Heavenly magic sword could not keep up. There was not much problem using the Tianchuang furnace now, but Chen Xiang felt that if there was a chance, he would need to improve it.

!!

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]