Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Although he would have to spend more time to obtain it, he would still need to pay even more World Defying Stage Divine Power. Fortunately, he had already stepped into the World Defying Stage and had enough World Defying Stage Divine Power to use up energy.

"Right now, I can still use a bit of World Defying Stage Divine Power to refine Heaven and Earth infinite Dan." After all, he still had thirty months worth of time and even if he stayed inside for thirty months, it would only be a single day outside.

He had a lot of Heaven and Earth infinite Dan s’ medicinal ingredients, and it would take a lot of time to grow them. Thus, he did not want to waste this time.

He took out the pill furnace and began to refine the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan. Because he had a lot of time now, he did not rush to refine the pill.

Soon, thirty months had passed. In about three years of time, he finally grew ten batches of s refining medicine, and although there were only ten, Chen Xiang felt that it was pretty good. After all, he only used a day’s worth of time.

During this time, he had also refined more than a hundred Heaven and Earth infinite Dan.

"The energy consumption is really huge!" After Chen Xiang withdrew his dual laws of time and energy, he felt that the World Defying Stage Divine Power in his body had almost been completely used up.

"I have to rest well." Chen Xiang closed his eyes. He had never exhausted his own World Defying Stage Divine Power so much before, and he didn’t know how long he would need to recover it either.

"If you don’t concoct pills, you should be able to use the remaining World Defying Stage Divine Power to defend yourself." Feng Ke’er said.

The reason why Chen Xiang purposely slowed down his refining speed, was so that he wouldn’t need to consume so many World Defying Stage Divine Power s. Otherwise, in thirty months time, he wouldn’t just be refining just a hundred or so Heaven and Earth infinite Dan.

"It seems that my cultivation isn’t enough. If I were to use the dual Time Laws while concocting pills at the same time, I would simply be unable to continue because the energy consumption is too great." Chen Xiang said.

"Yes!" Feng Ke’er said.

Once Chen Xiang used the power of this Law of Time, a large portion of the World Defying Stage Divine Power would be used to convert the power of time into the power of time. If he stopped, the power of time would not turn into the World Defying Stage Divine Power either, and would gradually dissipate.

Therefore, once he used it, he would have to use it to the end. Otherwise, he would not be able to withdraw midway. It would be a waste ...

Chen Xiang made a trip back to the Dan God Mysterious Land and gave Yue’er those hundred or so Heaven and Earth infinite Dan, asking her to pass them on to Lv Qilian and the others to arrange.

And next, he would properly refine a Tianyuan holy body Dan inside this Dan God Mysterious Land.

"This place is not bad ... The person who built this space is very powerful, and the method is kind of familiar to me. " Feng Ke’er flew out from the Six Realms mirrors s and flew around.

The Dan God Mysterious Land was built based on various powerful formations. Feng Ke’er only had to close his eyes to sense to be able to find out about the formations inside.

"Yes, that person has already surpassed the Myriad Tao. He should be above the Myriad Tao." Chen Xiang said: "Oh right, you can go to Hundreds of Flowers Village. There are a lot of girls in there, if you are bored, you can go take a look ... There are also some beautiful women who are refining formations. You might be very interested in discussing with them. "

"Really?" Feng Ke’er looked at the door that led to Hundreds of Flowers Village, his eyes unable to shift away.

"Really, go in and take a look if you don’t believe me. You’ve been with me for so long, you should believe me as well." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Is the little white cat from before also inside?" Feng Ke’er had almost ran out to tease Yue’er earlier, it was just that she was a little vigilant towards other creatures, so she hadn’t come out yet.

"Truly, after you enter, just say that you’re my friend. They will definitely play with you." Chen Xiang chuckled: "That little white cat is called Yue’er ... ... There’s even a little white dragon or something like that in there. " T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"Then I’m going in!" Feng Ke’er had already flapped his wings and flew towards the Hundreds of Flowers Village’s door.

After Feng Ke’er entered, she met Yue’er. After she told Yue’er that she was Chen Xiang’s friend, Yue’er happily played with her, and the two of them flapped their wings as they flew around Hundreds of Flowers Village, playing around everywhere happily. Very quickly, they even forgot who they were.

Hiding in a quiet place in Dan God Mysterious Land, Chen Xiang began refining the Tianyuan holy body Dan.

"When Feng Ke’er comes back, I have to ask her. Let’s see if she recognizes Half-ghost Old Man." Chen Xiang was quite curious about this Half-ghost Old Man, the pill formulas in his hands were all very good, and he even had medicinal ingredients.

Tianyuan holy body Dan only required three types of medicinal herbs, which were three types of weirder grass. These grasses had a shape of a flower, with a heart in the middle of a few green leaves, and in the middle of this heart, there was a tiny human-shaped grass seed.

The grass seeds were very small and about the size of a bean. This was the medicine used to refine Tianyuan holy body Dan.

The three types of grass were all the same, except the seeds in the middle had different shapes. Although they were all human-shaped seeds, the postures they posed were all different.

This type of grass was called Heaven Man Divine Grass and had a faint fragrance. When one got close enough to smell it, the fragrance would not be very strong, which was a bit strange.

"Grass seeds concoct pills, and it’s even three kinds of grass seeds. This should be the first time." Chen Xiang took off the grass seeds, looked at them carefully, and threw them into the pill furnace: "Now let me see the difference between these three types of grass seeds."

Normally, the characteristics of medicinal ingredients used for refining pills were somewhat different. There were even some that were heaven and earth in difference. They were innately repulsive, but when refined together, they could produce extremely strong medicinal effects.

After Chen Xiang threw it into the furnace, he used the World Defying god fire to refine it.

The process of refining the World Defying holy Dan was surprisingly smooth. He had thought that refining the World Defying holy Dan would be rather difficult, but he did not expect that it would be so easy.

Just as he was feeling complacent, a strange thing suddenly happened. The Medicine aura and those Medicine crystal that he had just refined all turned black in an instant!

They were originally gold in color, but they instantly turned black in color, like Medicine aura s or black in color.

"This is Charcoal!" Chen Xiang immediately opened the pill furnace and took out a light pinch. As expected, it turned into carbon powder, and instantly turned into black charcoal. He did not know what was going on.

"There must be a problem." Chen Xiang recalled the refining process and realized that there was nothing wrong with it.

"Can’t we use a normal method?" Chen Xiang started to ponder, then carefully examined those medicinal ingredients that had turned into black charcoal, and even placed a bit of them into his mouth as he trembled.

"Pah pah pah..." He quickly spit it out. It was too painful and it paralyzed his tongue. At this moment, his face was wrinkled with pain.

"It tastes so bad!" Chen Xiang drank a lot of water to finally get rid of the bitter taste.

"Paralyze my tongue, and there is even a little ice ..." Why is there ice? It was obviously refined using the World Defying god fire! "

!!

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]