Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

When Chen Xiang refined such a high level pellet, he would always encounter all kinds of strange problems. These problems could make him go crazy, and he couldn’t consult anyone else except himself. More recent chapter access: w.

"It’s impossible to go to Half-ghost Old Man now. This guy will not see me again." Chen Xiang sighed in his heart. He felt that it would definitely take a lot of time to solve this problem.

"Right, let’s go find Sister Feng and the others and see if they can find any problems." It was precisely the guidance Chen Xiang received from Xue Xianxian and Liu Meng’er that allowed him to build this world bridge.

He immediately headed towards the Hundred Flowers Village and quickly arrived at the courtyard where Feng Yujie and the rest were. The girls inside were all refining pills in their pill rooms, not together.

"Qianqian," Chen Xiang immediately called out with a smile when he saw Wu Qianqian opening the door, then instantly came in front of her and hugged her.

"Little scoundrel ..." Wu Qianqian said softly when she saw Chen Xiang’s burning gaze.

Chen Xiang pulled her hand, and came to the hall in the courtyard, and said: "Can you call all of them here when they’re free? I’ve encountered a problem in concocting pills, and I want to see if you guys can find out what’s the problem."

"Sure, I’ll go get them now." Wu Qianqian nodded, then quickly left.

Very quickly, Xie Qiaoyan, Su Meiyao and Feng Yujie arrived.

"Where’s Sister Bai Ling?" Chen Xiang asked.

"She’s busy," Su Meiyao scoffed. "Could it be that we can’t compare to her, this little demon, in terms of intelligence?" T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"Of course not..." Chen Xiang laughed, luckily he was the only one here, and if he added in Hua Xiang Yue, he might not be able to take it.

"What kind of difficulty have you encountered?" Xie Qiaoyan asked. She was very interested in the problem Chen Xiang had encountered in refining pills.

"What rank of pill did you refine?" Feng Yujie asked again.

"The World Defying holy Dan, right?" Chen Xiang took out some black colored ashes and recounted the process of him refining them.

"That’s the specifics. It’s very strange." Chen Xiang said: "I don’t have any leads, so I came to find you, and see if you can find anything."

"This thing is very bitter, you guys don’t try it" Chen Xiang saw that Su Meiyao had just touched it with her fingertips, and immediately shouted out.

"How do you know if you don’t try," Su Meiyao regretted it immediately after she tried it. She had tried something very bitter before, but this was the first time she had experienced this kind of bitterness. At this point of time, her charming face had already turned as dry as a melon.

Chen Xiang could not help but chuckle. After Su Meiyao finished his suffering, he saw that Chen Xiang was taking pleasure in’s misfortune and immediately pinched him.

"Have you tasted anything?" Chen Xiang laughed.

"I’ve been through so much pain that I can’t remember anything, what else can I taste?" Su Meiyao drank a few bottles of sweet fruit juice to make himself taste less bitter.

"I’ve already told you, yet you still want to try it?" Chen Xiang curled his lips and said.

"If you don’t want to taste it, how will you know the nature of this charcoal ash?" Su Meiyao scoffed, "You’re still laughing at me, you’re hateful ..."

Seeing Su Meiyao act like that, Feng Yujie and the others wanted to try, but they didn’t dare to.

"Let’s give it a try ..." This ash does not look simple. " After all, she was already mentally prepared. In addition to the many hardships she had endured back then, she had a lot of tolerance that was very strong, so she was able to endure it.

"Pfft ..." It really is bitter, "Feng Yujie squinted her beautiful eyes.

"It is painful, but ..." But something doesn’t seem right. " Xie Qiaoyan was also extremely bitter, but she had discovered something.

"What’s wrong?" Chen Xiang hurriedly asked. "Is it Bing Bing?"

"No," Xie Qiaoyan said as he looked at Wu Qianqian who was deep in thought.

Feng Yujie and Su Meiyao did not realize this because they had all drunk something after tasting it, while Wu Qianqian and Xie Qiaoyan did not.

"The ashes contain an extremely rich energy, but this energy can’t be stimulated. It seems like it hasn’t completely evolved, causing it to be difficult to absorb after entering the body." Wu Qianqian said: "You didn’t notice, because we were drinking water immediately, diluting that weak feeling, because that feeling was mixed in with the bitterness."

"Why can’t I get it?" Chen Xiang frowned: "That means there’s no problem, it’s just that I made a mistake, so I can’t completely refine the ingredients."

It can’t be completely refined when it’s being burnt. Although it looks like it has already been refined on the surface, it can only be maintained for a short period of time. After this period of time, the energy within the medicinal ingredients will not be stimulated and they will instantly turn into ashes. Xie Qiaoyan said.

Chen Xiang had used a World Defying god fire, and the fire was actually not strong enough, which surprised him a little.

"Alright, then that means I need to strengthen my flames," Chen Xiang released a few of his World Defying god fire s. His World Defying god fire s were invisible, and he had seen the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor’s World Defying god fire s before.

Although the girls here could not see Chen Xiang’s World Defying god fire, they were frightened by the flame. They were all alchemists and were extremely sensitive to fire, so the moment Chen Xiang released it, they all secretly took a deep breath.

Chen Xiang had taught them the World Defying god fire before, but none of them had the talent and conditions that Chen Xiang possessed. Even now, it was difficult for them to cultivate them.

"Even this level of flame is unable to completely refine it. It can be seen that this kind of pill is not easy to refine. After all, this is a World Defying holy Dan." Feng Yujie said.

"All of you better enter the World Defying Stage first, only then will it be easier for you to cultivate the World Defying god fire, and the process of refining pills will be twice as easy." All of you better enter the World Defying Stage first, this way, it will be easier for you to cultivate the World Defying god fire, Chen Xiang said.

"Mn," Feng Yujie nodded.

"I will refine some for you guys," Chen Xiang planned to stay here for a few days to refine Heaven and Earth infinite Dan for these girls.

If Chen Xiang had only used the first stage of the Time Laws power, he would have been able to easily recover. In a few days time, it would have been a few months, and the pills he had refined would be enough for all the girls in the courtyard to eat.

A few days later, when Chen Xiang finished refining the pill, he would give it to Feng Yujie and let her distribute it to the others. Then, he would ask her to find Liu Meng’er and the others and quickly cultivate inside the Time Great Formation.

Chen Xiang was concocting pills in the Pill Academy when Yue’er suddenly ran over.

"Chen Xiang, Ke Er is with Xianxian and the others. She told me to come over and tell you that if you want to look for a Myriad Tao treasure, you should go over there to look for her." Yue’er said: "Ke Er is really amazing, especially when it comes to setting up seals. Xianxian and Meng’er are extremely impressed."

The first thing he did after sending the book was to look at the original content! 2hh + 27228239-- >