Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Hehe, let her stay there for now. You can play with her for the past few days, how does she feel about this place?" Chen Xiang laughed. More recent chapter access: w.

"She seems to like it here." Yue’er laughed. "She should be able to keep him."

"That’s good. I have to get busy." Chen Xiang was currently training his World Defying god fire and he was thinking of a way to make his World Defying god fire stronger.

Chen Xiang had the cultivation method of World Defying god fire in his hands, he studied it carefully, then released the power of time, telling himself to hurry up and cultivate the World Defying god fire.

Cultivating World Defying god fire wasn’t difficult, it was mainly because his body’s strength had already reached the requirements.

"World Defying god fire have a total of four stages. The first stage is the initial stage of Divine Flame, where the Divine Flame is formless and colorless. And the second stage is at the Initial Stage. The Divine Flame has a certain color to it, so you can see that the intensity of the flames will also increase by a lot. "

"The third stage is mastery. The color of the flames becomes brighter and brighter. It requires mastery of the body to cultivate it ..." As for the final, major completion of the Divine Flames, you’ll need to possess a Primordial Divine Body. "

"It seems as though the Daofather’s World Defying god fire is only at the initial stage." The World Defying god fire Chen Xiang had seen before, was not particularly beautiful, only had a faint glow.

He followed the World Defying god fire’s mental cultivation method and cultivated for a whole three years before his flames turned a faint golden color.

"I finally succeeded." He came out of time and space, and more than a month had passed outside.

"Let’s try refining the Tianyuan holy body Dan first, then go find the Myriad Tao’s treasure." Chen Xiang felt that he still had time, but he needed to understand more about the Gu Shi Tian Sect.

He used the Six Realms Time and Space Door to come to the surface of the ocean and established contact with Luo Tianjun.

Luo Tianjun told him that in another month, the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain would send people to the Everlasting School. At that time, he would also be going with them.

Luo Tianjun had a better understanding of the matters regarding the Myriad Tao’s treasure. The Myriad Tao’s treasure was located inside a large stone, and it was very difficult to break through the stone, that was why he got the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain’s help.

That stone was first discovered by the Empyrean Gate, but it did not belong to the Empyrean’s Gate.

"How did the Arrogant Heaven Gate know the location of the stone’s fall? They must have ’taken’ the stone back the first thing, right?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Yes. I heard that some guy from above the Myriad Tao s got them down from above. In short, this is not for the arrogant heaven’s gate, otherwise the arrogant heaven’s gate would not be able to be opened. " Luo Tianjun said: "I don’t know who it is, but Myriad Tao Divine Mountain has also received the news, it’s just that it’s a little slower than the arrogant Heavenly Gate."

Chen Xiang was extremely curious about this previously, and even he himself couldn’t explain it clearly. But now, it seemed that the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain and the Everlasting Stone were both related to people above the Myriad Tao. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"There’s still a month’s time. Let’s go there then." thought, at this time, his World Defying god fire s were already at the small success stage, and he could already try refining them. He was already somewhat impatient.

He returned to the Dan God Mysterious Land and took out the ingredients like last time and started refining.

From the beginning, he had used a light gold World Defying god fire, the speed at which it was being refined was so fast that it made him click his tongue.

Previously, he had used a full two days to refine it, but now, it was actually completed in just four hours.

"From what I saw last time, I’ll turn into charcoal now. If it doesn’t change, then that means I’ve already succeeded." Chen Xiang patiently waited to observe the situation inside the pill furnace.

After a while, there were no changes to the spirit energy or crystal core inside the pill furnace, which made Chen Xiang feel relieved.

"Looks like I’ve succeeded." After Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief, he began the next stage. Although the stage was already over, he did not know what difficulties he would face next.

"Begin fusing these things."

After fusing everything, Chen Xiang had already used an entire day’s time, and the next thing he needed to do was to use the derivation method to allow that lump of ’medicine’ crystal to give birth to a small one.

The process of derivation was very long, and caused him to be a little surprised. It took him three days to get in. At this moment, there was already a large amount of medicinal crystals and a small one in the furnace. He had then derived another seven and it had taken him over 20 days.

"It’s time to start clashing." It would be the hardest thing for him to use the derived crystals.

When he was about to collide with the World Defying holy Dan, his forehead was covered in sweat. This was a World Defying holy Dan, the power released could be imagined, he started to worry about the Tianchuang furnace.

"Let’s give it a try." This was the first time Chen Xiang didn’t have confidence.

Bang.

Although it was just a muffled sound, the entire Dan God Mysterious Land was shaken by the sound and even Hundred Flowers Village was shaken.

"Tianchuang furnace... You have to hold on. " Chen Xiang already saw that the Tianchuang furnace was showing signs of cracks, so he anxiously took out the Six Realms mirrors and released the array inside to restrain the increasing power.

The Six Realms mirrors could not even suppress it.

"What’s going on?" Feng Ke’er suddenly flew over.

"Xiao Ke’er, you came at the right time. The energy in my furnace is going to explode. Help me suppress it." Chen Xiang anxiously shouted.

"Alright." After Feng Ke’er finished speaking, he flew around the Tianchuang furnace that was constantly swaying, and at this moment, the Tianchuang furnace had also stabilized. Although there were a few cracks on it, under Feng Ke’er’s suppression, the energy inside couldn’t escape.

"That was close. I almost failed." Chen Xiang suddenly felt that the World Defying holy Dan could only be refined within the World Defying Stage’s Holy-ranked. If there wasn’t a pill furnace, he wouldn’t be able to refine it now.

If he currently had the power of a World Defying Stage Saint, he felt that even using Magic method furnace wouldn’t be a problem.

With Feng Ke’er’s help, Chen Xiang’s following actions were much more relaxed, because he did not need to worry about that ball of energy erupting again. Furthermore, the suppressive power that Feng Ke’er released could also gradually shrink the lump of medicinal crystal within the Tianchuang furnace.

"Xiao Ke’er, how are you doing inside?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I’m very happy. There are many beautiful sisters in there. They are all very good to me, and they all like me very much." Feng Ke’er smiled sweetly: "I like them a lot too."

"Then stay inside from now on." Chen Xiang said: "They have a strong enemy to face right now. You are so strong, you should help them."

"Of course, there’s no problem with that. Alright then, from now on, this is my home." Feng Ke’er was very happy and he stuck out his tongue at Chen Xiang. "What kind of pill are you refining?

"World Defying holy Dan, it can help me cultivate the World Defying Holy Body." Chen Xiang sighed: "My Tianchuang furnace were very powerful in the past, but ... "But I’m getting stronger and stronger, and the pills I concoct are getting stronger and stronger. In addition, my alchemy skills are a bit violent, so that’s why it’s like this."

The first thing he did after sending the book was to look at the original content! 2hh + 2722824o-- >