Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

After sensing the benefits of the Tianyuan holy body Dan. Chen Xiang could not wait to refine more. However, it would take a long time to grow the ingredients. Moreover, refining it was rather difficult.

Right now, he was unable to continue refining it. Because his Tianchuang furnace was broken.

"He broke through so quickly." After Feng Ke’er came out of seclusion. He was surprised as well. Chen Xiang had only been in there for a short while.

"Yes." I was surprised, too. Let’s go to the Empyrean Gate now. " Chen Xiang laughed. He wanted to quickly repair his own Tianchuang furnace. So he could continue refining the Tianyuan holy body Dan as soon as possible. This way. He would be able to step into the World Defying Stage Sacred Stage soon. His strength would greatly increase.

"Alright. Now. Take out the Six Realms mirrors. " Feng Ke’er also wanted to help Chen Xiang quickly. Because she knew that Chen Xiang was very worried that the arrogant Heavenly Door and the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain would break apart that huge boulder.

After Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors s. Feng Ke’er immediately entered. After that, Chen Xiang brought her to the gates of the world.

He teleported a few times. He then arrived at the entrance of the ’Gu Shi Shi Tian’. Even though they were separated by a thick layer of clouds. However, Chen Xiang could still feel the arrogant and mighty aura of the gates of heaven from the thick clouds that continuously pressed down on him.

"Looks like there are quite a few experts gathered there." Chen Xiang frowned as he looked at the thick clouds in the sky. Her eyes were filled with worry.

"Don’t worry." They won’t succeed. " Feng Ke’er did not run out from the Six Realms mirrors. Once she comes out. It was possible that someone from the Everlasting Stone or the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain would find her. Then he would run over as fast as he had run last time.

Chen Xiang took out the message jade talisman. He tried to send a sound transmission to Luo Tianjun.

"Daofather." I came to the entrance of the Gu Shi Tian. Are you there yet? " Chen Xiang asked.

"Three days. I saw the Myriad Tao’s most precious treasure. It was sealed inside a rock. These three days. The Myriad Tao Divine Mountain and the proud heaven stage of the World Defying Stage attacked this rock together. But none of them succeeded. This Myriad Tao treasure was extremely sturdy. It’s hard to destroy. " Luo Tianjun immediately told Chen Xiang about the situation.

Chen Xiang was a lot more at ease. Then, he would tell this matter to Feng Ke’er.

"I guess I was right." Feng Ke’er laughed: "If there is any movement from that rock. I will feel it at once. The seal above is connected to me. How could I not know? "

"That’s good. "Then this is what we’re going to do next." Chen Xiang asked.

"I’ll try. Could he wake up the formation inside that rock? If he woke up. I can control that stone and leave the gates of heavens in a moment’s time ... Or perhaps the stone left the gates of heaven. "

Feng Ke’er did not leave the Six Realms mirrors this time. No matter what, it could still conceal her aura. It was not like the last time, where the Original Ancestor s of the arrogant heaven had come over.

"It’s begun." Feng Ke’er shouted from inside the Six Realms mirrors.

"Yes." "If anything happens, just let me know." Chen Xiang patiently waited.

He waited for six hours. Only then did she hear Feng Ke’er anxiously shout out. "I lost control."

"What’s going on?" Chen Xiang suddenly became spirited... Update First Time

"That stone has already left the gates of heavens in a proud world ... I activated the formation inside. But the spell was damaged. that I can’t control this rock directly. " Feng Ke’er said anxiously: "Right now, this stone has’ messed up ’and ran away by itself ... ... He didn’t know where he would run to. Fortunately, I can sense the direction of the rock. "

"What direction?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously. Just after he finished asking. His message talisman began to tremble.

Luo Tianjun sent a message to him, "That rock ran away. We’re chasing the rock right now. "Look at the sky."

Chen Xiang looked up. As expected, he saw many figures quickly flying out. But he had not seen the stone before. It could only be said that the stone was simply too fast. It prevented him from seeing it.

"Chase after him." Feng Ke’er shouted.

After Chen Xiang used Counter Power Stealth. He used the spatial energy to teleport. Just a few tricks. He saw the rock.

The stone was quite big. It was as tall as a person. Outside the rock was a messy red-colored iron chain. The chain was red. It was as if he had been burnt red.

Chen Xiang looked carefully. He noticed that there were very tiny lines on the chains. All of them were Spirit grain s.

"Got it." Chen Xiang had just wanted to keep this stone inside his Six Realms mirrors. However, he didn’t expect the rock to suddenly disappear with a teleport.

"Motherf * cker." This rock actually knew how to teleport ... "Update as soon as possible"

Chen Xiang moved according to the weak spatial ripples. He also teleported in pursuit. And the experts behind him. The two elders of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain knew how to use the power of space. They had sensed that something was wrong just now. Because other than the rock, he was teleporting. Others were also teleporting to catch up.

Not long later. Chen Xiang arrived outside the Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

"Stone has entered the Myriad Tao Mausoleum." Chen Xiang never thought of that. That stone seemed to have a spirit of its own as it ran into the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. Update First Time

"Could someone have left some sort of consciousness in the rock?" Did you get Stone to come here? " Chen Xiang told Feng Ke’er about his astonishing discovery. Then he teleported back to Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

"There is such a possibility. I don’t know why the stone was’ brought down ’. " Feng Ke’er said: "It might be one of the fellows on top who wants to give this stone to."

Chen Xiang had already entered the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. A furnace chased after the rock.

After passing through the Dead Land. Chen Xiang was certain. The ultimate destination of this stone was the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum.

World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum had already closed. It was very difficult to get in.

When Chen Xiang arrived at the entrance of the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum. The stone stopped.

"We probably won’t be able to get in." Chen Xiang snickered. Just as he finished. The rock fiercely smashed into the small house at the entrance of World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum. He directly knocked the small house away.

Before. Many powerful World Defying Stage had joined hands to attack the small stone hut. However, they could not leave any traces on it. However, this rock only lightly bumped into it. He then pushed the small stone house flat. Then, he followed the formation on the small stone house. He entered the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum.

"It’s really strange." Chen Xiang sensed a strong Qi approaching from behind him. He had no choice but to enter the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum.

The entrance to the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum was destroyed. He did not know what kind of changes the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum would undergo either. But now, he couldn’t afford to think about it too much. He could only choose to enter. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be able to get this stone.

Chen Xiang chased right after him. To his surprise. He was very familiar with the roads he walked. At this moment, he was in the Wild Blood Land. This was the location of the Heavenly Cauldron Pill Tomb from before.

"Could it be that the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain was the one who guided the stone down?" Chen Xiang was shocked. If not. This rock will not come here. Chen Xiang told Feng Ke’er his guess.

"That’s a possibility. But didn’t you already take the Dan God Mysterious Land? This stone came here. It’s definitely impossible to find the Dan God Mysterious Land. " Feng Ke’er said. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

The first thing he did after sending the book was to look at the original content! 2hh + 27252991-- >