Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had already chased the stone all the way to the original location of the Heavenly Cauldron Pill Tomb. Access:. However, the Heavenly Cauldron Pill Tomb had already disappeared. The rock stopped there.

"Come in." Feng Ke’er shouted. The Six Realms mirrors flashed with a white light. The rock that was wrapped in red iron chains was finally taken back into the Six Realms mirrors.

However ... The instant it was collected. Myriad Tao Divine Mountain’s two elders also appeared. When he saw Chen Xiang. They were all very surprised. They didn’t expect someone to be faster than them. He even took away the stone.

And then there was that. That aura just now was extremely familiar to them. That was Feng Ke’er’s aura.

"That’s ours." An old man said. His eyes flashed like lightning. It hacked towards Chen Xiang violently. The dragon-like lightning was extremely terrifying. While flying over. The power tore the earth apart. Space itself was smashed apart.

Chen Xiang reacted very quickly. He saw the two old men appear. He immediately used Time and space power Teleportation.

It was just as he had thought. One of the two old men was attacking. The other one had already released the Space Domain’s Confinement Dimension. To prevent him from escaping.

However ... His Time and space power could not be sealed. He ran away without a hitch. He hurriedly left this place.

"That was close. If only it was a little bit slower. I might have lost half my life. " Chen Xiang recalled the lightning that flashed from those two eyes. He shuddered. That was the power of a Divine Ranker in the World Defying Stage. If not for the fact that he had just mastered the Pride Realm’s profound body. His reaction speed wasn’t that fast either.

After the two old men saw Chen Xiang escaping. They glanced at each other. It was as if they were discussing something. No one knew what secret method they used. Quickly remove the remnant auras of Chen Xiang and her.

At this time. The two Original Ancestor s from the arrogant heaven’s gate had also come.

"Where’s that stone?" One of the Original Ancestor asked.

"It’s gone. Suddenly gone. Very strange. We used the Space Domain Seal just now. In addition, he had also launched an attack. Just as the attack was about to hit. The stone suddenly disappeared. There is no more aura. " The old man from the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain said with a frown. He looked confused.

The Original Ancestor s of the arrogant Heaven Gate did not doubt it at all. This was because they could sense the residual energy in the air. They wouldn’t think that it was Myriad Tao Divine Mountain either. Because that stone could not be stored inside Divine Sense Sea World or Divine Equipment at all.

The storage treasures of the Empyrean Gods Sect were at the Empyrean level. But it was impossible to put that stone in.

"Then we’re going to send someone to search this place." The people from the Gu Shi Tian Sect did not know that Chen Xiang took it. But the people from the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain knew. However, they wanted to keep it for themselves. That was why he did not tell Ao Shi Tian Tian Sect.

No one would have thought that World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum would be knocked away by a stone just like that. Therefore, no one doubted the power of the stone. More and faster chapters, please. Even if the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain and the experts of the Arrogant Heaven Gate worked together, they still wouldn’t be able to accomplish it.

If not for Feng Ke’er. Chen Xiang was simply unable to take the stone away. Feng Ke’er took the stone away.

"How is it?" "Did you open it?" Chen Xiang excitedly returned to the Dan God Mysterious Land.

"Time." Feng Ke’er replied, "Don’t worry. If I can’t solve it. No one would be able to unravel it. I’m sure I can. I am the little essence spirit nurtured by this seal. I can’t unravel it. "Who can understand it?"

"Then I am relieved."

An hour later. Chen Xiang had already returned to the Dan God Mysterious Land. Feng Ke’er had not undid the seal on the stone yet. This made Chen Xiang very anxious.

"It’s almost done. "Just wait a little longer."

Chen Xiang did not know what Feng Ke’er was doing inside the Six Realms mirrors either. Ever since Feng Ke’er entered the Six Realms mirrors s. The interior was being occupied. He couldn’t see inside.

Chen Xiang patiently waited for four hours. Only then did Feng Ke’er run out from the Six Realms mirrors.

"Lalalala ..." I broke the seal. " Feng Ke’er flapped his wings and flew around happily.

"Where’s the Myriad Tao’s treasure?" Chen Xiang asked quickly.

"Here." Feng Ke’er took out a jade box. After opening it. Inside, there was a pile of black mud.

This was the precious treasure of the Myriad Tao. It was the Myriad Tao’s treasure that Chen Xiang had chased after with the experts of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain.

"This... Is this really the most precious treasure of the Myriad Tao? " Chen Xiang did not dare believe it. He already knew that it was a lump of mud. But he didn’t expect to see it. It was much worse than he had expected.

"Don’t underestimate this Myriad Tao treasure. Take out your Tianchuang furnace. You’ll soon find out how powerful this thing is... Immediately updated, "Feng Ke’er smiled mysteriously." Right. Take out your Heavenly magic sword too. "

"Alright."

Chen Xiang took out the broken Tianchuang furnace s.

"This treasure of the Myriad Tao is also known as the Myriad Tao Divine Soil. It can repair any divine artifact. " After Feng Ke’er picked up Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword s. He then took out her invincible golden needle. He poked the Heavenly magic sword for a while.

"What are you doing?" Chen Xiang saw that the Heavenly magic sword’s body was pierced through like tofu. He immediately shouted loudly. His Heavenly magic sword is fine.

"It’s going to be repaired anyway." It’s nothing to spoil. " Feng Ke’er laughed. After that, he stabbed it more than ten times. It was as if he was enjoying himself. Chen Xiang shouted in his heart.

"What if that mud is useless?" Chen Xiang’s heart was bleeding.

"It will definitely be useful." Feng Ke’er used his finger to ’get’ a bit out of the jade box. He then smeared it on the surface of the sword.

Just for an instant. The small holes that had been pierced by the needles had all disappeared. Seeing this scene. Chen Xiang finally let out a sigh of relief. He also believed in the power of this Myriad Tao Divine Soil.

"After your Heavenly magic sword was smeared by that mud. He had become much stronger. Especially in the material. "If you don’t believe me, you can take a look yourself." Feng Ke’er threw the Heavenly magic sword to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang received it. When he held it in his hand, he immediately felt a huge difference.

"A lot stronger." This was something that Chen Xiang could feel immediately.

"Now I’ll help you fix the stove." Feng Ke’er took out some black colored divine earth and slowly smeared it on the parts of the Tianchuang furnace that had split open.

The Tianchuang furnace had many cracks. But after it was smeared. Then it gradually healed.

"The intensity is not enough. I need to use a little more. " Feng Ke’er then carefully rubbed the divine earth on the Tianchuang furnace. And when she was smearing it. It even released a thick gold-colored flame. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

See that flame. Chen Xiang’s brows twitched. It was actually a World Defying god fire. And it was cultivated to mastery.

"This is a World Defying god fire. And it’s even at the Mastery Stage. " Chen Xiang said in shock.

"Yes." Feng Ke’er stuck his tongue out at Chen Xiang. Laughing, he said, "You can also use World Defying god fire, right? "It seems like you’re only at the Small Success Realm."

Chen Xiang nodded. This was his first time seeing a fully mastered World Defying god fire. This was the same as the introduction for the mental cultivation method. Large success World Defying god fire s were extremely beautiful.

The first thing he did after sending the book was to look at the original content! 2hh + 27252992-- >