Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang’s World Defying god fire was cultivated to Small Success. More recent chapter access: w. Only then would he be able to refine Tianyuan holy body Dan. He never thought that the little girl Feng Ke’er could actually use such a powerful flame. Even Luo Tianjun had not reached this stage of cultivation.

"With my current cultivation, cultivating the World Defying god fire to the Initial Stage is already pretty good, right?" Chen Xiang looked at the Tianchuang furnace. At this time, the had already smeared a change on the surface of the Tianchuang furnace.

In order to smear the Tianchuang furnace. Feng Ke’er used more than half of that material.

"It’s finally done. Only a few days to go. This pill furnace of yours can become the Myriad Tao’s Divine Equipment. " Feng Ke’er said: "There is still half of it. Keep it for yourself. Now I have fulfilled my promise. Remember what you promised me. "

Feng Ke’er wanted to find the hardest thing. It couldn’t be pierced with her golden needle.

"Now will your needle pierce my stove?" Chen Xiang looked at the Tianchuang furnace that had a golden glow on its surface. He felt that the Tianchuang furnace had become a Myriad Tao Divine Equipment. It should be strong.

"Absolutely." Feng Ke’er said very confidently: "That’s right. Your Six Realms mirrors must be modified as well ... However, there were really very few Myriad Tao Divine Soil s. It may not be enough. "

"Wait. Don’t use it yet. I’m going to try. Can you refine it for me? " Chen Xiang poked Myriad Tao Divine Soil with his finger. He only felt it was soft. Like soft mud. And he couldn’t even stick his finger in. Update First Time

He just saw Feng Ke’er heating up his fingers to melt this Myriad Tao Divine Soil. When she was smearing it. It can only be done if the World Defying god fire melts into water.

"Refine." "How should I refine it?" Feng Ke’er was a little confused. He was also very curious about this.

"Just like refining pills ..." This is the way I often use it. Originally, it was a relatively small amount. After I refined it. The quality will improve. The amount will also increase. " Chen Xiang said: "It was just something I refined before. They were all forms of energy. After I refine it. There would be more energy. I just wonder if this Myriad Tao Divine Soil can use my method. "

Chen Xiang felt that the Myriad Tao Divine Soil was that powerful. It would definitely be quite difficult to refine it. Back when he was refining energy. Only by using Crash method could he improve by a lot. The Crash method was a very violent technique. If it was used to refine the Myriad Tao Divine Soil. That must be very inappropriate. He did not want the Tianchuang furnace that he had just repaired to be damaged again.

And the derived law was a very gentle method. He planned to use the derivation method to try it out. If he succeeded. He would be able to own an endless number of Myriad Tao Divine Soil. At that time, he would hand it over to Xue Xianxian and the others to refine some sort of formation. It must be very powerful. Just thinking about it excited him.

"If I have. "It’s probably going to be like that." Feng Ke’er had seen a lot up there. More and faster chapters, please. However, he had never heard of such a method.

"If it succeeds. The Myriad Tao Divine Soil would have a few more. I can’t use all of them. " Chen Xiang laughed: "I just don’t know if it will succeed. But after the Tianchuang furnace was repaired. I’ll try it. " Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"If there are many Myriad Tao Divine Soil s. Isn’t setting up a formation a lot more powerful? " Chen Xiang knew that the stronger the array disc was. The materials required were much more demanding. And formation plates were the most convenient items to carry. It was even more difficult to destroy an array formation using an array disc. More and faster chapters, please.

"Of course. But Myriad Tao Divine Soil was very rare. No one had ever used it to refine an array disc. There are too many Myriad Tao Divine Soil s that are needed. If he used too little. It’s not like there’s any effect. " Feng Ke’er shook his head and sighed, "If there were enough Myriad Tao Divine Soil s. "Try it and you’ll know."

Chen Xiang placed the Tianchuang furnace into the Six Realms mirrors. Then, he would use the power of the Time Laws on the Six Realms mirrors. Let the time inside speed up. It had only been four hours. The Tianchuang furnace that would have taken a few days to repair had already been repaired.

"Very good. "The intensity has increased by a lot compared to before." Chen Xiang could very clearly feel the increase of his Tianchuang furnace. The surface of the Tianchuang furnace was covered with a layer of light golden colored skin. This came about because the Myriad Tao Divine Soil was smeared.

Myriad Tao Divine Soil was originally pitch black. After burning it with fire. Then it would turn golden.

"I can give it a try now." Feng Ke’er was very curious to know how Chen Xiang managed to refine the Myriad Tao Divine Soil.

"Yes." I’ll start now. " Chen Xiang changed his location.

Chen Xiang was at a quiet and secret place in the Dan God Mysterious Land. There were a few women in Dan God Mysterious Land. These women were all responsible for growing medicinal herbs. They were all women taken in by the Hundred Flowers Village.

They were not surprised to see Chen Xiang here. Because they all knew Chen Xiang’s identity. I’ve also heard various legends about Chen Xiang. In their hearts, they admired him a lot. It was just that Chen Xiang was running too fast. They hadn’t seen it yet. Chen Xiang was gone.

Chen Xiang came to a place far away from the medicinal herbs in the Dan God Mysterious Land. He was worried that an accident would happen while he was refining the pill. It would not be good if he reached the medicinal field.

"If there is a large number of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s. Then, he began refining the Myriad Tao Divine Soil. then it’s possible for me to refine the stone I’m looking for. " Feng Ke’er saw Chen Xiang take out the Tianchuang furnace. He also really hoped for Chen Xiang to succeed. Because it was very important to her.

Before. She did not think highly of Myriad Tao Divine Soil. Every time the Myriad Tao Divine Soil appeared, there would only be this little bit. Not enough for her. But now, Chen Xiang said that he could refine even more of it. It sounded incredible. But she had seen Chen Xiang’s pill refining skills before. Deep down, he still felt that it was possible.

"Yes." I’ll do my best. If he succeeded. It’s a good thing for me, too. " Chen Xiang’s expression was stern. At this moment, he became very serious.

He forced out a sliver of World Defying god fire on his finger. Then, he took a little bit from the ball of Myriad Tao Divine Soil.

In this aspect, Myriad Tao Divine Soil was only the size of a grain of rice. Although it looked small. But it was of great use. He smeared it on ordinary materials. It would be able to cause a tremendous change to the material.

This point was something that was extremely precious to Myriad Tao Divine Soil.

After Chen Xiang placed the Myriad Tao Divine Soil into the Tianchuang furnace. He then released the World Defying god fire to burn.

The pale golden World Defying god fire roared from within the Tianchuang furnace. They fiercely burned that little bit of Myriad Tao Divine Soil.

Myriad Tao Divine Soil would experience a huge change the moment they come into contact with World Defying god fire. The black one would immediately turn golden. And this was only under the circumstance of meeting a gentle World Defying god fire.

And now, Chen Xiang was burning even more fiercely. It was a scorching sun that made the Myriad Tao Divine Soil look like gold inside the furnace. A strong golden light was released from the sea of fire. It was flickering.

"Nothing has changed. When the Myriad Tao Divine Soil was being burned by the intense flames. It was always like this. Burn for a long time, too. Are you going to burn like this? " Feng Ke’er saw Chen Xiang burning Myriad Tao Divine Soil like this for a long time. Then, he told Chen Xiang that it was useless to burn them like that.

The first thing he did after sending the book was to look at the original content! 2hh + 27252993-- >