Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Really? "If this goes on, will there be any effect?" Right now, Chen Xiang was only using the most common method, directly using a strong flame to burn it. If he did not succeed, he would use another method to burn it.

Feng Ke’er nodded his head: "Yes, someone had already tried to burn it before, and it was even with the strongest complete World Defying god fire, but the results were all the same. They burned for a very long time, but there were no movements, and it just continuously emitted light like this."

"Even if this continues, the Myriad Tao Divine Soil will not be damaged. After cooling down, it will return to its original dark and unassuming state."

Chen Xiang immediately stopped burning. The amount of energy he needed to use his small success rate of World Defying god fire was still huge, and from Yue’er, he already knew that this method wouldn’t work. He had to think of another way.

"If you don’t believe me, I’ll use my World Defying god fire to burn it for you to see." Feng Ke’er could immediately see the interior of the Tianchuang furnace and she knew about the changes that had occurred inside. She thought that Chen Xiang would use different methods to refine it before, but she never thought that it would be the same as what she had seen before.

However, when others were burning it, they only wanted to see if they could burn the Myriad Tao Divine Soil into another form. Chen Xiang was burning it with the aim of increasing the growth of the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, and this was her first time hearing of such a goal.

"That won’t be necessary, I’ll think about it now."

Chen Xiang observed the little Myriad Tao Divine Soil and thought: "Looks like I can only use other methods, I can’t just go and burn them."

When Chen Xiang was refining pills a long time ago, because he was lacking in various aspects, he was able to comprehend some powerful refining methods from the Heavenly Alchemy to burn some very stubborn medicinal herbs.

Right now, he was planning on using that method to burn and refine this stubborn Myriad Tao Divine Soil in front of him.

In one breath, he had tried several different refining techniques, but none of them worked!

"Next is the refinement of the illusionary fire!" Chen Xiang closed his eyes and took a deep breath.

Huanhuan Fire is mainly a method of self-immolation of medicinal materials. It is a very magical method of refinement, usually dealing with those medicinal materials that cannot be incinerated from the outside, letting the inner part of the medicinal materials burn by itself, allowing the medicinal materials to absorb the outer flame into the inner part, and then igniting from the inside to achieve the purpose of rapid incineration.

Chen Xiang had only used it for less than an hour, and already it had an effect!

Before, when that small piece of Myriad Tao Divine Soil was burned, it released waves of dazzling golden light, like golden rice grains shining brightly in the flames. No matter how much it was burned, it could not completely vaporize, at most turning into a drop of water.

However, when Chen Xiang was refining, he had to first destroy the original shape of the material, and then turn it into mist. After that, he would refine it using a method, and under the effect of the mist, he would change the quality and characteristics of the material.

If the Myriad Tao Divine Soil maintained this state throughout, it would be impossible to change it!

But now, after he used the Flame Illusion’s refinement, the Myriad Tao Divine Soil had finally changed and began to emit white mist. Seeing this scene, the first one who was surprised was Feng Ke’er.

"There’s movement! It’s turned into a white mist!" Feng Ke’er anxiously shouted.

"Hmm, looks like this will most likely succeed." Chen Xiang was also excited. After all, the first step had already been taken.

"Refining it requires quite a bit of time!" He really wanted to see how long it would take for the white mist to completely dissipate from Myriad Tao Divine Soil. After calculating it, he felt that it would take at least a month!

"Quickly use the power of time." Feng Ke’er said.

Chen Xiang had already started to cover him with Time Formation.

The time it took to completely refine the pill was a bit faster than Chen Xiang had estimated, it took around twenty days.

What surprised both him and Feng Ke’er was that after such a small amount of refinement, the white mist from the Myriad Tao Divine Soil filled the entire inside of the Tianchuang furnace.

"What’s next?"

Feng Ke’er had witnessed the process of Chen Xiang’s refinement, and she had also asked Chen Xiang how he refined the Myriad Tao Divine Soil. Chen Xiang had told her the profound mysteries of the Illusory Flame Refinement Art, but she did not understand, as Chen Xiang had comprehended it himself.

"The next step is to gather these mist particles together and then use my pill technique to create them. After that, I will gather them together ..." Just like last time when you helped me suppress the Tianyuan holy body Dan, suppressing it to its smallest form could be considered as a success. " Chen Xiang said.

"Well, can we start now?" Feng Ke’er understood the great logic, but she felt that it would be very difficult to do it herself, as it required a lot of experience.

Chen Xiang then started to condense the white mist in the furnace, quickly condensing it into a larger crystal ball.

"Now, I will use the derivation method to make this crystal ball give birth to a small one." Chen Xiang closed his eyes, and said: "This may take a long time, the consumption to me will be greater, and this crystal ball will absorb my World Defying Stage Divine Power to create a new one."

Before, when Chen Xiang refined the Tianyuan holy body Dan, even though the consumption was quite large, it was within his expectations.

But when he was refining the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, he did not expect that he would be able to absorb so much World Defying Stage Divine Power from the very beginning!

When he was refining pills, the rate at which the crystal ball absorbed was like a small stream of water flowing through a small stream. Now, when the Myriad Tao Divine Soil absorbed the crystal ball, it was like a torrential river flowing endlessly!

In just an hour or so, ninety percent of the World Defying Stage Divine Power in Chen Xiang’s body was drained, and only a little bit was left for him to maintain his body.

"Xiao Ke’er, lend me some World Defying Stage Divine Power!" Chen Xiang immediately shouted: "This thing is a bottomless pit!"

Feng Ke’er immediately passed his own World Defying Stage Divine Power onto Chen Xiang’s body.

The pressure on Chen Xiang immediately lessened, and when Feng Ke’er transferred over, he was also using his cultivation to recover his World Defying Stage Divine Power, so he felt that no matter how many World Defying Stage Divine Power Feng Ke’er had, he would not be able to hold on for long. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

"How long will it take?" It had only been six hours, but half of her World Defying Stage Divine Power was gone. She had never used up so much World Defying Stage Divine Power in her entire life before.

"Until this thing gives birth to a small one." Chen Xiang said: "Continue to persevere!"

Feng Ke’er could only last for six more hours!

Just like this, in the span of six hours, Feng Ke’er’s vigorous World Defying Stage Divine Power was mostly used up, only 10% remained!

"It’s my turn!" Chen Xiang had already recovered, he felt that he had to refine some World Defying Stage Divine Power Pills in the future, if he continued to refine like this, the consumption would be huge.

If the World Defying Stage Divine Power that he and Feng Ke’er had consumed were refined into a World Defying Stage Divine Power Pellet, after his method of refinement, it would be equivalent to several, or even ten times the original amount.

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]

...