Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Feng Ke’er had almost drained her World Defying Stage Divine Power, but she was still very excited. This was an extremely miraculous experience for her, and the more it was like this, the more hope she had of Chen Xiang refining it.

"Your World Defying Stage Divine Power is so much more than me!" Chen Xiang had only taken two hours, but Feng Ke’er had endured for six!

"Of course, my cultivation is much higher than yours to begin with!" Feng Ke’er laughed, "You have to succeed, I paid a lot!"

"When will you recover?"

Although Chen Xiang had already recovered, he felt that he would definitely be drained in two hours.

"About six hours." Feng Ke’er thought for a while, then said: "If it can’t be sustained, will it affect you greatly?"

"It’s a little big! If it can continue, the effect will be the best. " Chen Xiang did not want to stop, after all, he had already worked so hard.

In the end, he had no choice but to let Feng Ke’er go to Hundreds of Flowers Village to call Sun Lingxing over.

Sun Lingxing was a Saint Ranker of the World Defying Stage. There were a lot of World Defying Stage Divine Power in his body, so he should be able to hold on for six hours.

Feng Ke’er quickly called Sun Lingxing over.

"What is it that I have to refine to consume so much energy?!" After Sun Lingxing arrived, he told her the details of the situation.

Previously, Feng Ke’er had played around in the Hundreds of Flowers Village for a while, but Sun Lingxing knew that Feng Ke’er was very strong, and she had used up all of her energy.

"For the time being, it’s a secret. You’ll know about it in the future. Quickly give me the World Defying Stage Divine Power." Chen Xiang smiled mysteriously.

Sun Lingxing scoffed, and placed her hand on Chen Xiang’s back.

"Spirit Star, how are you doing inside?" Chen Xiang arranged for Sun Lingxing and her to stay in the Hundreds of Flowers Village to protect the Hundreds of Flowers Village, since there still weren’t any in the Hundreds of Flowers Village.

"Very good, very happy ..." I know a lot of things about you, you little scoundrel! " Sun Lingxing chuckled. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Chen Xiang used his knees to think and know that it was Long Xueyi, the big-mouthed dragon, speaking ill of him.

"This Little Naughty Dragon really deserves a beating." Chen Xiang curled his lips and said, "Then you and Qiu Mu can stay here in the future. There’s nothing between you and her anyway, and this place can be considered my home."

"Yes, Qiu Mu and I both have the same plan." She was very clear about Chen Xiang’s talent in alchemy. She knew in the Hundreds of Flowers Village that Feng Yujie and the other girls also inherited Chen Xiang’s pill techniques, although they were not as powerful as Chen Xiang, they were not weak either, allowing her to broaden her horizons.

It was not that she had exhausted her World Defying Stage Divine Power, but rather Feng Ke’er had shouted for her to come.

"Spirit Star, wait a little longer!" Chen Xiang did not know how long the crystal ball inside would last either.

"Alright!" In Hundreds of Flowers Village, Sun Lingxing did not have many important things to do, he was just guiding the girls inside the cultivation, or chatting with them, or telling them the stories of the past.

After Feng Ke’er continued to transport World Defying Stage Divine Power for five hours, the crystal ball inside the furnace finally gave birth to a small one!

"It’s a success!" Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief. They had sent in a lot of World Defying Stage Divine Power s before and after, so even though it wasn’t a lot of time, it was a lot of time.

"Remember to tell me this secret when the time comes. I’m going back."

Sun Lingxing hurriedly returned to the Hundreds of Flowers Village. After understanding the situation of the Natural Law World, she knew that the Hundreds of Flowers Village and her son were very weak when facing off against the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain and her. She was considered the strongest here, so she was extremely important to the Hundreds of Flowers Village.

"How much longer?" Feng Ke’er asked excitedly. Although she had used up a lot of energy, she was still very energetic.

"There’s still some time left. I’ll soon enter the suppression phase." Chen Xiang only felt that he was not strong enough right now, otherwise he would just run into them, or even give birth to a few more small crystals.

He then merged the small and large crystal clumps together. The process was quite easy, and it only took half a day to complete.

"Alright, you should recover now. We’ll join hands!" Chen Xiang said: "Just like last time ... ..."

Chen Xiang didn’t have much confidence in compressing this large crystal ball at the moment. When he had finished fusing with it, he had a deep feeling that this crystal ball’s strength was not something that he could complete with his current strength.

Feng Ke’er felt that it was extremely mysterious that such a small Myriad Tao Divine Soil could actually refine into such a big thing.

"Alright!" Feng Ke’er was very willing to do this. She was very happy to be able to participate in the refining process.

The process of suppression wasn’t easy at all. Chen Xiang was simply unable to use his strength and it was Feng Ke’er who used the power of the seal to suppress it. Even Feng Ke’er was constantly gasping in admiration at the power of the crystal ball.

Feng Ke’er spent an entire ten days time to compress a large lump of medicinal crystal that was only as big as a pea! (TL: UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU)))

"Success?" Feng Ke’er looked at the black pellets inside the Tianchuang furnace.

"Take it out and you’ll see!" Chen Xiang took out the pea-sized little pill.

Feng Ke’er hurriedly received it and took a look. He was instantly ecstatic and couldn’t help but fly around Chen Xiang.

"Success ..." "It’s a success..."

Chen Xiang wiped his sweat and also revealed a smile. This time, if it wasn’t for Feng Ke’er helping him, he wouldn’t be able to succeed by himself.

At first, it was only the size of a rice grain, but it had now grown several times in size! Although it was still very little, Feng Ke’er was extremely happy. At the very least, they had a way to continuously obtain Myriad Tao Divine Soil, and it would just take a while, but that bit of time was nothing in her eyes. Some people would spend tens of thousands of years, or even hundreds of thousands of years, to obtain Myriad Tao Divine Soil.

"I’ve already determined that this method will work!" Chen Xiang laughed faintly: "But I have to concoct pills next, my cultivation is too low, as you can see, without your help, I would not have succeeded."

Chen Xiang wanted to refine Tianyuan holy body Dan to raise his cultivation, otherwise, it would be extremely difficult for him to refine the Myriad Tao Divine Soil!

"Mm, your situation isn’t too good right now. You really need to raise your cultivation." Feng Ke’er knew that there would be an endless number of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s in the future, and he was elated. "I’ll stay by your side and help you refine pills!"

"Alright, just be my alchemy boy." Chen Xiang pinched Feng Ke’er’s face.

To him, Tianyuan holy body Dan was much easier than refining a Myriad Tao Divine Soil. Especially now that his Tianchuang furnace had levelled up, coupled with Feng Ke’er’s help!

And before he began to refine, Chen Xiang made a trip to the air above the ocean where the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain was.

"Daofather, what’s the situation between Myriad Tao Divine Mountain s?" Chen Xiang used the Communication jade Symbol paper to send a message, Luo Tianjun did not know that the Myriad Tao’s treasure had been obtained by Chen Xiang.

"World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect suspects that Myriad Tao Divine Mountain has taken away Myriad Tao’s treasure, but Myriad Tao Divine Mountain denies this with all his might ..." Luo Tianjun told Chen Xiang what the two elders from Myriad Tao Divine Mountain told everyone.

At that time, Chen Xiang was seen by the two elders from the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, and they could even feel his Qi. They only needed to investigate a little, and they would know that he was Chen Xiang, but they did not tell the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, as it was clear that they were hiding this matter from him, and then, they would eat the Myriad Tao’s treasure by themselves!

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]

...