Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing Chen Xiang’s strange state, Feng Ke’er was so scared that her face turned white. She was worried that something bad would happen to Chen Xiang!

"How are you? Is there something wrong with this place? " Feng Ke’er asked quickly.

Chen Xiang did not speak. Even though his body was currently undergoing a strange transformation, he did not feel any discomfort.

"Say something! Chen Xiang, how are you right now! " Feng Ke’er became even more anxious and continued to shout lightly.

"I’m fine, the effects of the pills here are very good, they might really help me cultivate the World Defying Holy Body." Chen Xiang was sensing the bizarre changes in his body just now, so he did not hear Feng Ke’er’s voice. Now that he did, he replied Feng Ke’er.

Feng Ke’er was finally relieved. She was worried that the problem with the pellet was because she had participated in the refining of the pellet this time! Knowing that Chen Xiang’s situation was good, she was also happy in her heart.

"I should be considered a qualified pill refiner now." Feng Ke’er laughed.

Chen Xiang would definitely need time to refine the pellet, so he took the chance to run to the Hundreds of Flowers Village to find Yue’er, or to find Xue Xianxian and the others, and teach them some of the knowledge of Spirit grain.

Of course, she had only stayed outside for a single day, yet Chen Xiang had stayed in the Time Domain for a month and currently, he had already cultivated the World Defying Holy Body. Even though it was only at the initial stage, his current World Defying Stage Divine Power was several times stronger than before!

"After cultivating my body, my World Defying Stage Divine Power has actually gotten such a huge boost! This Tianyuan holy body Dan is truly extraordinary, if I were to use this method of refinement, I would be able to eat a peak Saint Body. "

After Chen Xiang came out of the Time Domain, he anxiously went to find Feng Ke’er.

Now, the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain was looking everywhere for the location of the Hundreds of Flowers Village s, so he had to hurry and increase the overall strength of the Hundreds of Flowers Village s.

Feng Yujie and the others were currently refining Heaven and Earth infinite Dan s, their progress was not small. Because they were refining pellets, and were extremely important to the entire Hundreds of Flowers Village and Heavenly Dragon City, a large portion of the Heaven and Earth infinite Dan Chen Xiang had refined were eaten by them, and they had used Time array s to quickly acquire time. Now, they had all broken through and stepped into the World Defying Stage.

After they could use the World Defying Stage Divine Power, it became much easier for them to cultivate their World Defying god fire. When refining their Heaven and Earth infinite Dan, it was also not as difficult as before.

"It’s only a matter of time before they produce Heaven and Earth infinite Dan! It seems that the vast resources of the Hundreds of Flowers Village and the Heavenly Dragon City are all gathered here. " When Chen Xiang arrived at the Pills Fragrance Garden, he immediately sensed the dense power of the Time Code. It could be seen that all the girls inside were using Time array s.

Time array consumed a lot of energy, but everyone was very willing to concentrate a large amount of resources here in order to obtain more Heaven and Earth infinite Dan.

"They are all very serious, so I won’t disturb them." Chen Xiang came to Xue Xianxian and the others’ side, but there was no one there.

"Where did they go?" Chen Xiang hurried over to Lv Qilian’s courtyard.

Lv Qilian was not there, but Chen Xiang saw Lv Qinlian!

"Sister Qinlian!" Chen Xiang walked over and asked: "Where did they go? I can’t find them! "

"We’re outside. We’re setting up a great formation, and we’ll need protection when we set up the formation!" The one who answered was Bai Ziqian: "We are also preparing to go out now! Hundreds of Flowers Village was scouted by the people of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, so we have to be prepared. "

"We’ve been discovered!" Chen Xiang felt that it had only been a few days, the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain was actually able to detect it.

"Natural Law World is only a very small world to a colossus like the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain. It’s naturally easy for them to find it." Lv Qinlian walked in front of Chen Xiang and began to tidy up his clothes.

"Don’t go out and refine pills here." Bai Ziqian said gently. She and Lv Qinlian, the two poisonous women, were Chen Xiang’s women. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"How can that be? I need to go out and take a look." Chen Xiang felt that with his current strength, it would not be a problem even if he were to face people at the peak of the World Defying Holy Body.

"Alright then!" Let’s go out together. "

Bai Ziqian and Lv Qinlian held Chen Xiang’s hands as they walked into the Transmission array in Lv Qilian’s courtyard.

After arriving outside, Chen Xiang saw Dongfang Xinyue and Dongfang Jing flying around in the air, while laying out the array.

"Yuqing!" Chen Xiang saw Xu Youqing doing something, so he walked over: "What are you doing?"

"Curse Trap!" Xu Youqing chuckled: "If those fellows from Myriad Tao Divine Mountain were to step on this trap, hehe ..."

Xu Youqing was born with the power of the curse, and as her cultivation increased, her training became more and more intense, causing Chen Xiang to feel a little afraid.

Xue Xianxian and Liu Meng’er, on the other hand, were making array discs on the ground. Their array discs were not big, but there were a lot of them.

These formation plates were buried deep in the ground. Through many combinations, they could form a powerful formation.

"The scouts of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain have found this place, and have been killed by us!" When Bai Youyou saw Chen Xiang, he flew over.

"Did you use the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course I did!" Bai Youyou frowned: "Myriad Tao Divine Mountain already knows that we are here, but they don’t know the location of Heavenly Dragon City, so they haven’t acted against us yet. It seems that they plan to catch us all in one fell swoop after finding Heavenly Dragon City."

"However, after their spies die, they will definitely take action." Jiu Hanrou looked into the distance, where the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain was.

"How about this, I’ll go to Myriad Tao Divine Mountain to take a look." After Chen Xiang cultivated the World Defying Holy Body, he truly planned to find some powerful people to try. Although this might reveal the fact that he could come to the Natural Law World, he felt that he shouldn’t wait for the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain to attack him, as they needed to retaliate.

"Would that be dangerous?" Xu Youqing was a little worried.

"Don’t worry, he has already cultivated the World Defying Holy Body. With his abilities, he will definitely be able to escape safely." Lv Qilian had already found out from Feng Ke’er that Chen Xiang was in closed door cultivation and just now, she found out from Sun Lingxing that his Qi had become stronger, so she was sure that Chen Xiang had broken through.

Chen Xiang rose into the air and said to Feng Ke’er and Sun Lingxing: "I’ll leave this to you guys!" They were the strongest here. If Myriad Tao Divine Mountain or World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect truly took action, they could resist it too.

The Myriad Tao Divine Mountain was located on an island in the ocean, while the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain was at the seabed.

At this time, Chen Xiang was already floating above Myriad Tao Divine Mountain!

"The Natural Law World is mine. Myriad Tao Divine Mountain and the rest of the people came here to take control of the entire world? I will never let them succeed. " Chen Xiang teleported to the small island and landed at the bottom of the huge mountain.

...

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]

...