Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

At this time, the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain was very lively. Because the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain had been selling various cultivation techniques and medicine for many years, many of the heroes gathered here.

Chen Xiang understood that the Hundreds of Flowers Village and the Heavenly Dragon City did not just learn from the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain for free previously, they paid a huge price to obtain them. The Myriad Tao Divine Mountain was also very greedy, and although they pretended to be good on the surface, they had also done many shameful things in secret.

"Myriad Tao Divine Mountain is pretty small, I think my full strength will be enough to destroy them." Chen Xiang stood on a street and looked at the tall and big mountain, and gestured.

However, when he got closer, he felt that there was a very strong protective formation around the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, and felt that it would be difficult to destroy the entire mountain.

"You have some skill." Chen Xiang tried to enter the barrier, but it was unexpectedly difficult.

"The Time and space power should be able to do it!" Then, he tried out the Time and space power, and as expected, he easily entered.

However, he did not go up the mountain immediately. Instead, he went down to the city.

"Myriad Tao Divine Mountain will hold the Mountain Sacrifice ceremony in three days. I don’t know what this is, but it will definitely be the most lively time for Myriad Tao Divine Mountain." This was what Chen Xiang had heard from him, and was something that was being held from top to bottom.

Chen Xiang guessed, after the sacrifice, he would probably have to attack the Hundreds of Flowers Village, and that would also be the best time for him to take action!

That night, Chen Xiang released the Time Domain in his room, allowing the power of the Time Domain to cover the herbs used to refine the Tianyuan holy body Dan. Furthermore, it had multiple domains.

He had only used the power of time in a small region, so the consumption of time was not too great!

"One day for thirty months. In these thirty months, combined with the divine water concocted by Mei Jing Sisters and the rest, it will be sufficient for those medicinal herbs to grow." Chen Xiang also wanted to see how many World Defying Stage Divine Power he would consume if he were to continue like this for one day.

Previously, his Time Domain covered an extremely large area, even covering himself, so his consumption was not small.

The area they had covered was very small and the consumption rate was very low! His recovery speed of World Defying Stage Divine Power could completely keep up with his consumption rate, which meant that he could use this method continuously!

"It seems that I can go deeper and more profound in my derivation. At that time, I will be able to grow World Defying heaven fruit even faster." Chen Xiang was very much looking forward to the World Defying heaven fruit. This kind of fruit would allow him to cultivate an unparalleled divine body.

A day had passed, and a dull sound suddenly woke Chen Xiang up!

"Is it coming from below?" Chen Xiang stayed at an inn, on the fourth floor of the inn, and quickly went down.

When he arrived at the first floor, he saw a lot of people watching. He thought it was two people fighting here, but he didn’t expect it to be a competition. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"You’re asking to be humiliated!" When the handsome man in golden clothes saw his opponent’s pill furnace explode, he sneered and then stood up.

"Were you the one who secretly destroyed my pill furnace?" the battered old man raged.

Chen Xiang frowned and used the Dao heart Eye to look inside the damaged pill furnace. There were indeed traces of weak golden energy inside the furnace, which was exactly the same as the energy the golden-robed man emitted.

"Stop slandering me. You are only finding excuses for your own failures. I understand." The golden-robed man chuckled and then said to the crowd, "Everyone, do you think so?"

"Of course, this old man is overestimating himself. It’s normal for him to fail when he challenges the disciples of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain!"

"Losing to a disciple of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain is nothing to be ashamed of, but finding excuses for your own failure would be very embarrassing."

It was actually someone from the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain. Originally, Chen Xiang only wanted to watch the show, but when he met a fellow from the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, not only did he use underhanded means to bully people, he also had to teach him a lesson.

"You are competing in pill forging, right?" Chen Xiang had already become a middle-aged man, so he stood up and asked.

"If you aren’t blind, you should be able to see it!" The golden robed man smiled.

"If this is a competition of pill forging, then the winner and loser depends on the result. If not, you would have won!" At the very least, you should have at least one result. If your furnace is also blown up, then it would be a tie, so you should continue refining. Chen Xiang also smiled slightly: "This way, I can also take a look at the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain’s disciple refining techniques!"

"Yes!" It’s indeed like this. The results haven’t been decided yet, and the outcome hasn’t been decided yet! "

"I wonder how the pills refined by the disciples of Myriad Tao Divine Mountain are like!"

The golden-robed man cursed at Chen Xiang in his heart. He had secretly destroyed the other party’s pill furnace just now because he did not want to continue refining the pill. However, the person who had suddenly appeared had ruined his plan.

"In other words, I am on equal footing with the disciples of Myriad Tao Divine Mountain!" The old man that blew up the furnace calmed down, shot Chen Xiang a grateful look, and said with a sneer.

"I am a Alchemist of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, I definitely won’t tie with a person like you. Just you wait, I’ll continue refining it right now." The golden robed man harrumphed before hurriedly sitting down and continuing to control the pill furnace.

However, just now, Chen Xiang had poured a trace of berserk energy into it. Chen Xiang was patiently waiting for the best opportunity to detonate that thread of energy and use it on himself.

Very quickly, the golden-robed man’s pill furnace started to vibrate. This was as though it was about to condense a pill, and all of this was within Chen Xiang’s control.

"What a strong medicinal effect. I can feel it even through the pill furnace."

"Hmm, this pill fragrance is very rich. It seems like the quality of the pills here is very high!"

Everyone felt that this Myriad Tao Divine Mountain disciple was very good at concocting pills.

However, Chen Xiang felt that it was very ordinary. To be able to release such a dense pill fragrance while refining the pill meant that the Alchemist was unable to completely control the pill furnace, and could only release a portion of the Medicine aura. Otherwise, he would not be able to condense the pill.

"Everyone has good eyesight!" Seeing so many people praise him, the golden-robed man laughed calmly.

Just as he finished this sentence, with a "peng" sound, his pill furnace suddenly exploded!

He had been handsome and dashing a moment ago, but now he was covered in dust and dirt. When the old man saw the explosion, he couldn’t help but laugh out loud.

"Amazing, this cauldron is exploding even more fiercely than the one I just had!" The disciples of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain are indeed worthy of their reputation. Even the explosion of the furnace is more powerful than others, and it was so beautiful, that they even vomited blood. " The old man chuckled and said.

When everyone heard his words, they could not help but laugh.

"You ... You. Someone must be up to something. " The golden robed man was very clear on what had happened just now. He was clearly about to successfully form the core, but then he suddenly exploded. Furthermore, his technique was very clever and did not let him know.

...

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]

...