Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

This was at the foot of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, there was actually someone who dared to plot against him, a disciple of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain. He glared at Chen Xiang furiously, looking flustered and exasperated, as if he had forgotten that he had also tricked someone else.

"It must be you two. You two are tired of living, aren’t you?" The golden robed man pointed at Chen Xiang and the old man.

"So what if it’s useful? "I’m just tired of living. If you have the guts, come and kill me. I don’t think you have the ability to do so either." Chen Xiang chuckled: "Even though your furnace had exploded, you did not lose, and had only fought to a standstill with others."

"Bastard, I’m going to kill you!" The golden robed man shouted angrily, and in two steps, he had already stepped in front of Chen Xiang. His fist overflowed with golden flames, bringing along a scorching hot aura, he smashed his fist towards Chen Xiang’s face.

However, Chen Xiang’s attack speed was even faster, he raised his leg and fiercely stabbed into the golden-robed man’s abdomen, although he did not use too much strength, the man was already kicked flying out of the wall.

"Let’s leave this place." Chen Xiang said to the old man, and then he quickly left the place.

The disciples of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain were known for being unreasonable, how could they be bullied like this? After that man was sent flying by Chen Xiang’s kick, he laid on the ground for a long time without being able to stand up. In his heart, he was extremely furious, because he did not expect that Chen Xiang’s strength was so strong, when that kick was sent over, the force behind it immediately rushed into his Divine Sense Sea and crippled his Divine Sense Sea. His body was ravaged by a terrifying power, and his tendons and bones were completely shattered.

After knowing about this, the people of Myriad Tao Divine Mountain came here very quickly and asked many people, drawing a portrait of Chen Xiang and the old man!

Although the golden-robed man’s cultivation was not very high, he was a disciple of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, and the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain could allow his disciple to act unreasonably, because this signified the authority of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, thus he would not allow a disciple of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain to be humiliated.

Regardless if it was because of their disciple’s rudeness, they wanted to find Chen Xiang now, or else their Myriad Tao Divine Mountain would not let them off.

"Myriad Tao Divine Mountain and these fellows are really something. Looks like no one has ever made them suffer after being tyrannical here for so long. This is probably the first time they have been beaten up by a disciple."

After Chen Xiang changed her appearance, she was still leisurely walking up and down the street. No one could discover him.

In the past two days, Chen Xiang often saw disciples of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain on the streets searching for them, holding portraits of himself and the old man in their hands. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"Could it be because of that Godly Mountain Sacrifice that they were so strict?" At this time, Chen Xiang was also waiting for the God Mountain Sacrifice to begin. He was very curious about the reason why the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain wanted to get such a God Mountain Sacrifice, and why it was so grand.

"We have to capture these two bastards, they actually dared to provoke our Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, tomorrow will be the Godly Mountain Sacrifice. If we still can’t capture them, we will be blamed."

They are not stupid, and after doing this kind of thing, we will definitely not stay here anymore. Right now, we are only doing this to let others know that our Myriad Tao Divine Mountain does not allow others to provoke us.

"Forget it, just wait two more days, tomorrow will be the sacred mountain sacrifice, I heard that many powerful guys will come down from Divine Wasteland, I don’t know why they are doing this."

Chen Xiang followed a few of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain’s disciples. After hearing this news, he suddenly understood the use of the Mountain Sacrifice.

"So that’s the case. They got this Godly Mountain Sacrifice so that they can open a formation to receive people from the Divine Wasteland. Who knows how many people will come!" Chen Xiang thought about it carefully. At this point of time, it was clear that the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain was doing this for the Hundreds of Flowers Village and the Heavenly Dragon City.

The Myriad Tao Divine Mountain valued the Myriad Tao’s treasure greatly, and they were sure that as long as they could capture those extremely important people of the Hundreds of Flowers Village and those of the Heavenly Dragon City, they would be able to threaten Chen Xiang, so they had to prepare thoroughly and even send people down from the Divine Wasteland.

"These guys did not underestimate Hundreds of Flowers Village at all!" When Chen Xiang returned to his room, he continued to grow his herbs. For the Godly Mountain Sacrifice tomorrow, he planned to cause a big ruckus for the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain to suffer a loss in this matter.

... ....

Early in the morning, Chen Xiang was alarmed by the noise. After he woke up, he found out that the Mountain Sacrifice had already begun before the sun had risen.

"The commotion is really big!" Chen Xiang could feel the ground trembling slightly. This was because there was a large amount of energy gathering in one place.

He quickly got up and headed towards the plaza at the bottom of the huge mountain. When he arrived at the plaza, the great formation suddenly opened and the huge mountain was enveloped by a white light.

"Are you coming down?" Chen Xiang frowned, if anyone from the Divine Wasteland came down, it would be extremely disadvantageous for him.

In a second, Chen Xiang made a decision. He had to stop this matter!

He took out a small imprint. Heavenly Alchemy Emperor seal!

Although the Heavenly Alchemy Emperor seal was not a Myriad Tao Divine Equipment nor was it a World Defying artifact, it had a strong effect that could strengthen Chen Xiang’s power even more.

Due to the activation of the formation, the barrier that enveloped the giant mountain had been temporarily closed. The experts of the divine mountain were all around the divine mountain, protecting the deep mountains.

Many people on the island were watching. This was the first time they had seen such a scene.

Chen Xiang held onto the Heavenly Alchemy Emperor seal tightly, and began to condense his World Defying Stage Divine Power, the Spirit Qi he emitted was not small, but when the big formation was opened, the movement became even louder, and completely covered up his little Spirit Qi.

The ground shook even more violently as a golden light gradually appeared in the black vortex high up in the sky!

Chen Xiang was very clear that not long from now, the Natural Law World and the Divine Wasteland would temporarily appear at the same place. At that time, there would be a lot of people coming from the Divine Wasteland, and all of them would be Rankers from the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain!

"Kill them all!" Chen Xiang held the Heavenly Alchemy Emperor seal tightly, at the moment, it was trembling slightly. It was frantically absorbing his World Defying Stage Divine Power, and now it was only waiting for him to attack.

"It appeared!" Chen Xiang saw that the black whirlpool had suddenly turned gold, and was emitting a bright light. More than twenty people slowly descended from above.

When these people appeared, the spectators all sucked in a breath of cold air. This was because these people were all extremely powerful. The waves of pressure they felt were so oppressive that it caused them to feel suffocated.

Right at this moment, Chen Xiang teleported above the group of people, he teleported very easily!

The instant he appeared, the Heavenly Alchemy Emperor seal in his hand was fiercely smashed out, the Divine Seal flashed a burst of intense golden light, the Six beasts roared in unison, causing the experts of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain s in the plaza to be extremely shocked, and they all flew up into the air!

...

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]

...