Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Although Feng Ke’er didn’t know much about Chen Xiang and she had never seen him before, she was still extremely interested in him and had already asked about his specific details.

"Refine the pill!" When the time comes, I shall see if I can add Sky Shattering Spirit grain to the pellet. When the pellet explodes, it will produce a strong impact force that will penetrate into the body of the person inside the pellet. " Feng Ke’er snickered: "After you suppress this kind of pellet, it would definitely become extremely tiny particles. If these pellets were to be shot out by the Sky Shattering Spirit grain, they should be able to easily penetrate World Defying Stage’s body!"

"Is it really that powerful?" Although it sounded powerful, Chen Xiang still did not dare believe it. He said, "If they have powerful defensive armor, then it would be useless!"

"What’s more, World Defying Stage’s defensive qi barrier is still very strong." Chen Xiang knew how powerful the God-eclipse powder was, but the prerequisite was that it could penetrate other people’s defenses. Otherwise, it wouldn’t be of much use.

"If you are this worried, with a little Myriad Tao Divine Soil, this way you might be able to easily pierce someone’s armor." Feng Ke’er said: "After the Sky Shattering Spirit grain explodes, it will produce a very high temperature. Once the Myriad Tao Divine Soil ignites, it will also have a very strong penetrating power, and should be able to penetrate the other person’s protective qi barrier, so the armor shouldn’t be a problem."

"The Myriad Tao Divine Soil actually has such an effect!" Chen Xiang did not expect it and immediately took out a Myriad Tao Divine Soil the size of a rice grain and threw it into the furnace to refine it.

Chen Xiang also did not read the novel (. (yb) (d) (u)). He knew how to make the Myriad Tao Divine Soil fuse with the energy inside the pill, but that would not be difficult for him. He had mastered many refining techniques, and after thinking carefully, he quickly thought of a suitable one.

Finally, he successfully merged the Myriad Tao Divine Soil with the medicinal energy!

Time passed by quickly. Ten days later, Chen Xiang’s pellet refinement was about to be completed as well. At this moment, he was asking Feng Ke’er to use the Sealing Power to condense the pellet, this would be faster, more stable and more stable.

Feng Ke’er had completed it exceptionally well, but she had only taken half a day to condense the pill completely. Just as the pill was about to be completed, she had even engraved Spirit grain s on the surface, and these Spirit grain s were the Sky Shattering Spirit grain that she had mentioned before!

"I really want to quickly give it a try!" Chen Xiang held the greyish white pellet in his hand and laughed sinisterly: "You look very powerful! This time, you’ve put in so much effort. You can come and choose a name, don’t be too lousy! "

"Sky Destroying Pill!" Feng Ke’er chuckled: "You sure are domineering enough!"

"Not bad, I was even worried that you might have gotten too close with Xueyi and learned her bad habit." Chen Xiang nodded his head, "Next up, we will need to refine a Wangwo scent. This is an extremely dangerous item, much more frightening than that pellet of pellet!"

Chen Xiang had already suffered from this before, so he was most afraid of Wangwo scent s. Fortunately, he already had the antidote with him, so even if he was accidentally poisoned, he could cure it. However, when he thought about how he had been tortured by this poison before, he felt a sense of dread in his heart.

Chen Xiang had told Feng Ke’er about this poison before, Feng Ke’er wanted to try it, but he didn’t let her!

"I wonder how Elder Sister Xiao Ling refined this poison. When I have time, I will ask her about it." Chen Xiang had given a lot of Wangwo flower to Du Xiaoling before, but Du Xiaoling was a poison expert, so Bai Ziqian and Lv Qinlian were her disciples now.

"Xiao Ke’er, what do you think about the Sky Shattering Spirit grain adding this poison into the pellet?" Feng Ke’er asked. He knew a large number of Spirit grain. As long as these Spirit grain were used in a suitable place, it would play a large role.

"Let me think... In short, it is not appropriate to use Sky Shattering Spirit grain, because your Wangwo scent’s main function is not to make fatal attacks, but a type of Poisonous scent that can make people intoxicated. " Feng Ke’er was already beginning to think of which Spirit grain would be suitable.

While Chen Xiang was pondering, he had placed a large number of Wangwo flower into the furnace. He also planned to use the derivation method and the charging method to refine it, this would definitely increase the poison power.

It had only been ten days, and he had already reached the later stages of the refining process. These Wangwo poison’s refining process was rather easy, after all, their medicinal effects were not as strong as the Tianyuan holy body Dan’s.

"Do you want to join any Spirit grain?" Chen Xiang had joined the Spirit grain while he was refining the pellet a long time ago, it was just that he did not know much about the Spirit grain and did not know what kind of Spirit grain it was suitable for him to join, so he did not continue to try it. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Now that Feng Ke’er was here, he didn’t need to worry about this kind of thing, he could just leave everything to Feng Ke’er.

"Um... Join the Whirlwind Spirit grain! " Feng Ke’er said: "By joining this kind of Spirit grain, it will create a whirlwind when it explodes. This will allow this type of Poisonous scent to scatter more widely, but you must choose a good place when using it, don’t harm the innocent!"

"Hehe, I know. I will leave the rest to you, my cute and beautiful little Dan Tong." Chen Xiang laughed slyly, the pill condensing part of the pill was done by Feng Ke’er, not to mention such an easy to refine pill, even the Tianyuan holy body Dan did not expend much effort on it in her eyes.

It had to be said that her unique sealing power was able to quickly turn a large crystal ball into a pill at an extremely fast speed. The most important thing was that she didn’t need to expend too much energy on it.

If Chen Xiang were to condense the pellet, he would have to expend a lot of energy to do so.

"Let’s call it ’Self-Acalanātha Divine Wind Pill’!" Feng Ke’er gave this pill a name.

"Two of these pills... It feels like it’s not enough, since I’m using the Time Domain to refine it now, I’ll be able to have a lot of time. Chen Xiang looked at the Wangwo flower in the You Yao Mountain Villa. There were still a lot left, he planned to refine more in one breath.

"Alright!" Feng Ke’er also liked seeing Chen Xiang concoct pills. Especially after seeing Chen Xiang use the derivative method and the enhancement from the Crash method, she felt really satisfied. And since she could also participate in the condensing of the pills later on, it made her feel a sense of accomplishment.

Just like this, Chen Xiang and Feng Ke’er continued to refine these two pellets together. After two months, they finished refining almost all of the medicinal ingredients.

After withdrawing the spacetime domain, only two days had passed outside.

"Hurry up and give it a try!" Feng Ke’er was already impatient: "Myriad Tao Divine Mountain suspects that you are in Natural Law World, so you need to create something here to dispel their suspicions ... Un, let’s go find trouble with World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect! "

What the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect did to the World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor made Chen Xiang furious. The reason he refined these two pills was to find the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect.

"Of course! Let them taste our fruit. " Chen Xiang left the secret room.

After coming out, he suddenly felt a few auras nearby.

"It’s those fellows from World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect!" Feng Ke’er immediately sensed it, and then released a sealing power that sealed the aura on Chen Xiang’s body.