Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing Feng Ke’er being so cautious, Chen Xiang knew that the person who was releasing the Qi was not a simple person!

"These guys actually found us here." Chen Xiang did not expect the people from World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect to chase after him so fiercely.

"Luo Tianjun has enmity with them, they will definitely not let Luo Tianjun go, and they also want to find you! Only by finding Luo Tianjun will we be able to find you. " Feng Ke’er said: "Myriad Tao Divine Mountain sold Luo Tianjun and the others to World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect with the same intentions. They want to lure you out!"

"It’s not that easy! By the way, what are their cultivations? Is there a World Defying Stage Divine Ranker? " Chen Xiang asked.

"There is one here, while the others are all of World Defying Stage’s Holy-rank or Profound Rank. There are only four people in total. " Feng Ke’er said: "They should have been here for a while, but they were unable to find Luo Tianjun and the others."

"Alright, let’s ignore them for now and head to World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect."

There were many people in World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, and the two pills had a wide range of attack, only when used in there would they display the power of the pill.

... ....

The World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect was atop a thick cloud. Originally, the area below this thick cloud was empty, but now that Chen Xiang had arrived, he discovered that there was a city below.

"This city was probably built by the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect! World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect also needs fresh blood to join, they must be the ones that are used to recruit disciples. " Chen Xiang entered the city.

Although Feng Ke’er was present, it was still rather difficult for Chen Xiang to break through the great array of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect. Even if he could enter, it would attract the attention of the experts inside.

"How can I sneak in?" Chen Xiang’s target of attack was either the World Defying Stage’s Profound Rank or the Sacred Rank. Moreover, they had gathered together, so finding such an opportunity required a certain amount of patience.

He came to this proud and arrogant Divine City, and after some investigation, he found out that the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect was indeed here to recruit disciples, and it required Venerable Ancestor Later-stage. And the condition to join the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect was actually very simple, it only required a hundred billion Dao crystal!

Of course Chen Xiang had a hundred million Dao crystal, he just did not want to take advantage of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect!

"Do you really plan to give them the one trillion Dao crystal?" Feng Ke’er saw Chen Xiang walking towards the place where the arrogant Divine City was in charge of recruiting disciples.

"Of course I don’t plan to give it to them. I’m extremely stingy." Chen Xiang laughed, he already had another way.

"Then what are you going to do?" Feng Ke’er really wanted to know Chen Xiang’s plan.

"You’ll know in a moment!"

Chen Xiang came to a large hall and an old man came to receive him. When he found out that he had ten billion Dao crystal s, his attitude immediately became very good, and invited Chen Xiang into an even more luxurious hall with a face full of smiles.

The old man told Chen Xiang to wait here patiently for a while, so that he could be received by an elder of the World Defying Stage’s Holy-ranked.

Not long after, that elder came over. What made Chen Xiang even more surprised was that this elder was actually Luo Jianqing!

Luo Jianqing was previously the Sect Leader of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, but now he was actually in charge of recruiting disciples. It could be seen how sullen he was inside the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, this made Chen Xiang feel really good in his heart.

Luo Jianqing did not recognize Chen Xiang, and upon entering, he had a stern expression on his face, not giving Chen Xiang a good look. Even though he knew that Chen Xiang had a trillion Dao crystal, his expression was still the same.

Chen Xiang could understand Luo Jianqing’s feelings. Luo Jianqing was the previous Sect Leader of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, how impressive was that. However, because Luo Jianhao was crippled, he was demoted to this kind of place to do such despicable things.

"Hello elder, I hope to enter the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect. I have already brought over a trillion Dao crystal." Chen Xiang pretended to be extremely polite and said respectfully.

"Take out the Dao crystal, then you can use this jade tablet to head to World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect. You can fly yourself, right?" Luo Jianqing said coldly, her tone also very aggressive, as if she wanted to kick him out.

Chen Xiang only pretended to be a little unhappy, but he still took out a billion Dao crystal and counted for Luo Jianqing.

After Luo Jianqing finished counting, he threw a jade tablet to Chen Xiang. "With this jade tablet, you can enter the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, and go up yourself!"

Luo Jianqing’s attitude was still very bad. After all, the ten billion was not his, and he still had to hand it over.

After Chen Xiang took the jade tablet, he lightly smiled at Luo Jianqing, then hurriedly left, flying above the thick clouds. He arrived in front of a huge palace, and that was the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect.

Chen Xiang went to the door and handed over the jade tablet to the guard. The guard then placed the jade tablet onto a round plate and after the round plate had passed the inspection, the guard returned the jade tablet to Chen Xiang.

"Brother, I’m new here ..." "After entering, how are we to survive?" Chen Xiang asked and even gave a small bag of Dao crystal s guarding the gate to him.

"Alright, since you already gave the Dao crystal to the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, then it’s fine if I tell you! You turned in a trillion Dao crystal and joined the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect is not what you think, you’ll know once you enter it, it’s just like a city inside, and if you want to obtain the inheritance of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, you’ll need even more Dao crystal! Otherwise, life here would be no different from living in other cities. " The guard said.

"Isn’t that the same as buying a pass?" Chen Xiang had also expected that it would be more of a scam.

The only benefit of being able to purchase the inheritance of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect here is that you have paid a fee to enter. Otherwise, if you did not join the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, no matter how many Dao crystal you used outside, you would not be able to purchase the inheritance of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect. The guard shook his head. "Do your best!"

After Chen Xiang entered, he realized that there was indeed a big city inside, there were quite a few people, it could be seen how many people World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect had scammed.

"Were you cheated as well?" Feng Ke’er anxiously said. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"Of course not, I know how to use the Time and space power. The Dao crystal I gave Luo Jianqing was covered by a very weak layer of Time and space power, I transferred all of the one trillion Dao crystal back just now." Chen Xiang laughed sinisterly: "This bastard, he’s going to suffer again!"

At that time, Luo Jianqing would not be able to get the Original Ancestor’s trust. Even if he discovered that the ten billion Dao crystal disappeared, the Original Ancestor would not believe him.

If he was trying to cheat others, Chen Xiang might not have been as successful as he was now, but the culprit was Luo Jianqing, and it could be said that he would never be discovered, as Luo Jianqing had already lost his power within the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect.

"This guy truly deserves it. Back then, he completely killed me like that, but now, it’s also his retribution." Chen Xiang laughed and started wandering around.

At this time, he had already snuck into the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, and only needed to wait for a good opportunity to use the two pills he had concocted.