Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

After Chen Xiang entered the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, he would be able to quickly blend in and familiarize himself with the environment here. This was because in order to live a good life in this city, he only needed to have enough Dao crystal.

The hotel he was staying in right now was the best one, and quite a few of them required the same amount of Dao crystal as him to use a lot of them to enter the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect. What made him a little surprised was that most of the people here could only use a few trillion Dao crystal, or even one or two trillion Dao crystal, but he had used ten billion ... Of course, he still managed to get the hundred thousand back in the end.

Chen Xiang had heard quite a bit of news, and knew that the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect had always been secretly fighting with the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, but he didn’t dare make any big moves right now. The main reason was that the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect was still in closed door cultivation, and once all of these Original Ancestor managed to cultivate the Primordial Divine Body, they would definitely challenge the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain.

"Seems like it won’t be so easy to wait for an opportunity." Chen Xiang walked on the street, continuously asking around for news of the higher ups of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, but he did not find anything, he only knew that after Luo Jianqing was switched out, the higher ups of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect were all given to the later generations of the Original Ancestor to take care of.

"Uncle Lin!" Chen Xiang suddenly saw a middle aged man selling World Defying Stage Divine Power Orbs on the street.

The World Defying Stage Divine Power Orb was very useful to the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage. With this kind of World Defying Stage Divine Power Orb, one could use the World Defying Stage Divine Power and activate the World Defying artifact!

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]

But now, Lin Jitian was actually selling the World Defying Stage Divine Power Orbs, which meant that he had already stepped into the World Defying Stage!

Chen Xiang had previously planned to look for Lin Jitian, but because of a few things he was delayed, he did not think of it later. After all, he had a lot of things to do during this period of time.

"Uncle Lin, I am Chen Xiang!" When Chen Xiang got closer, he immediately sent a sound transmission to Lin Jitian. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Previously, when he returned to the Hundreds of Flowers Village, he did not see Lin Xirong, so he did not think about it too. Now that he saw Lin Jitian, he felt guilty, because he had forgotten about this matter.

Now that he had already opened up a path back to the Natural Law World, allowing Lin Jitian to return and meet his own daughter, he had actually promised Lin Xirong before to help her find her father.

"Chen Xiang!" Lin Jitian was also surprised. He almost shouted out loud, but he was only excited inside.

Chen Xiang nodded at Lin Jitian. Back then, Little Bat, Long Tengyun and Flying Dragon Palace Leader were also with Lin Jitian!

"What about them? Is it in here too? " Chen Xiang walked over and asked.

"He’s here too!" Lin Jitian nodded, he was extremely happy at the moment.

The World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect was also on the wanted list for Chen Xiang, so he knew about Chen Xiang’s current situation. However, he never expected that Chen Xiang was actually in the city inside the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, which was truly out of his expectations.

I’m afraid that the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect would not have expected Chen Xiang to be so bold as to directly sneak in.

"What’s the cultivation level of the little bat now?" I haven’t seen you guys for a long time after I left the Flying Dragon Pagoda. " Chen Xiang laughed: "That’s right, how is Senior Long Tengyun Long now? Has he reconstituted his body? "

Last time, Long Tengyun was injured by the Dragon Demons of the Great Priest, he only had his soul left. However, Flying Dragon Palace Leader had promised Chen Xiang that he would think of a way to help him recover his body.

"It’s done, now we are all from the World Defying Stage." Lin Jitian quickly packed up and brought Chen Xiang to an inn.

He saw Little Bat, Flying Dragon Palace Leader and Long Tengyun in the inn!

"Haha, I didn’t expect to meet you here." Flying Dragon Palace Leader was very happy. They really wanted to see Chen Xiang, but they didn’t know how to contact him.

Now that Chen Xiang suddenly appeared here, they still could not believe it!

"How did you all join the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect?" Chen Xiang asked after greeting them for a while.

"Relax, we are not that stupid. When we first joined, we did not need Dao crystal s, and we were even from World Defying Stage! It’s just that they look down on us, because we all use half of our World Defying soul to cultivate up to our level. " The Flying Dragon Palace Leader said.

"Oh? Where did you get the half broken World Defying soul? " Chen Xiang was very curious about this. They were already Venerable Ancestor Later-stage s before this, if they really had a half crippled World Defying soul, it would be very easy for them to step into the World Defying Stage.

"We found them under the Flying Dragon Imperial Palace." The Flying Dragon Palace Leader said, "But that also stopped us from moving forward!"

They knew that Chen Xiang was very powerful at the moment, otherwise, they wouldn’t be valued so highly by the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, especially that World Defying Green dragon Chen Xiang.

"Right, has there been any grand gathering in World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect recently?" Chen Xiang asked. He had asked others before, but no one else knew.

Since the Flying Dragon Palace Leader and the rest were all from the World Defying Stage, they might know something.

"Yes, in another ten days or so right? At that time, World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect will hold an awakening ceremony for the God Child of Heaven Gate. " The Flying Dragon Palace Leader said.

"The Son of Heaven?" Chen Xiang was very interested in this. "What is this?"

"Isn’t it a deceptive thing created by those fellows? During this period of time, the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect really needs Dao crystal, they plan to use this method to swindle and obtain a large number of them! " Lin Jitian said: "In other words, after this ceremony, you can let the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage step into the World Defying Stage."

"However, based on our understanding, this is most likely not possible. It is merely a deep pit."

"Is that a lie?" Chen Xiang frowned.

"It is indeed fake, they are only here to swindle Dao crystal! Of course, when they demonstrate it, it will definitely be very lifelike. " The little bat said with a sneer:

"World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect and the rest have been swindling Dao crystal all along, talking about using Dao crystal to buy the inheritance. All of the items that we bought wanted to buy were trash, but we used a lot of Dao crystal s to enter, so we did not plan to leave. We wanted to see if World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect would give us something better."

Flying Dragon Palace Leader shook his head: "That’s impossible! Now, we plan to go to Myriad Tao Divine Mountain to take a look after a while. At least, Myriad Tao Divine Mountain looks good right now, although the requirements are a bit higher. "

"Don’t go to the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain. That place is just like the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, a very deceitful place." When Chen Xiang thought of Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, he felt a burst of anger in his heart.

"Why?" They obviously didn’t know about the darkness of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain. After all, the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain had always been publicizing their actions very well.

Chen Xiang looked at Long Tengyun, and told him how Myriad Tao Divine Mountain expelled him. Although World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect was the one who did it later, he didn’t find any trace of Myriad Tao Divine Mountain selling him out, so World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect didn’t have the chance to do anything.