Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

When Long Tengyun heard about the incident that had occurred in World Defying Stage Dragon Ancestor, he hated both World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect and Myriad Tao Divine Mountain to the bone. If not for Chen Xiang and the others stopping him, he would have immediately gone out to seek revenge.

"Senior Long, with your current strength, you will definitely not be able to deal with them. You should be clearer about how strong the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect is than I do." Chen Xiang said. They had entered the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect very early on, so they knew much more about this than Chen Xiang.

"Then... So what do we do now? Is this how World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect continues to be arrogant? " Long Tengyun was currently very angry, and when the fury surged, he released waves after waves of terrifying dragon aura. Luckily Feng Ke’er suppressed it, otherwise, if it was leaked, it would definitely be discovered.

"Don’t worry, I have other arrangements for you all. In short, you all cannot continue to stay here, I have come here to teach the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect a lesson." Chen Xiang said and then told them about the Natural Law World.

Chen Xiang had already planned to send them to the Heavenly Dragon City. Although they had to use the half crippled World Defying soul to cultivate, Chen Xiang had his Tianyuan holy body Dan, so they could still level up in the World Defying Stage.

"Alright, that won’t be a problem." Lin Jitian was very happy because he had come from that place before. At that time, he would even be able to see his own daughter.

"There are also Myriad Tao Divine Mountain s and World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect s there, and they are relatively strong, so when you go there, your powers will be of use." Chen Xiang said.

"We know. When can we go?" The Flying Dragon Palace Leader didn’t have any objections, they didn’t want to continue staying here, because they felt that the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect was extremely despicable. They were worried that if they continued to stay, the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect would use some sort of method to force them to become his slaves.

"I can take you guys with me right now. Are we free to leave this city?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course, I can. I just want to go out normally and there won’t be any problems. I don’t want to stay here any longer. I’m worried that I won’t be able to suppress the anger in my heart." Long Tengyun said.

"I can understand, but you better stay calm now, for the moment, we are not a match for the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect." Chen Xiang patted Long Tengyun’s shoulder.

After that, he brought Long Tengyun and the others to the Heavenly Dragon City and let them be under Long Jiuxiao’s control. He even told Long Jiuxiao to inform Long Shuangru and told him to look for Lin Xirong.

After handling all of these matters, Chen Xiang immediately headed towards the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect.

When he came to the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, he immediately heard about a huge matter. This matter was related to the Luo Jianqing from before!

What he did not expect was that Luo Jianqing did not use his own Dao crystal to fill the hole, and instead told them everything, but the Original Ancestor s did not believe what Luo Jianqing had said!

To World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, this was an extremely huge loss!

When Chen Xiang arrived at the city, he could see that there wasn’t even half of the world’s most important pagoda in the distance. That was the place where the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect was located, and he was the one who got knocked down by Luo Jianqing.

And in the end, Luo Jianqing was killed by the World Defying Stage Divine level Original Ancestor s, a very intense battle had erupted before.

"What a pity, I didn’t see the process." When Chen Xiang returned, he could only hear this matter from others.

"This is also a good thing." Chen Xiang chuckled, because he had caused this matter to happen. If he did not trick Luo Jianqing, this conflict between Luo Jianqing and the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect would not have happened, it was just that the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect did not know about this matter, and thought that Luo Jianqing wanted to swallow the one trillion Dao crystal.

Although such a thing had happened, World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect still planned to hold that whatever Heaven Gate God Child Awakening Assembly.

And it was even very high-profile to advertise this conference! Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"Is this true? As long as enough Dao crystal s are paid, one can step into the World Defying Stage! "

"It should be true. When the time comes, World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect will demonstrate it on the spot, I heard that there are already a lot of people registering, this would require a trillion Dao crystal, ah!"

"Although a trillion Dao crystal is a lot, it’s worth it if I can guarantee entering the World Defying Stage."

"As long as we carry out the Heaven Gate God Child Awakening Ceremony, we can step into the world of the proud, it is said that this is not a method of using the half broken World Defying soul to increase our cultivation, but a method to directly cultivate the proud world Profound Body, and directly step into the World Defying Stage’s Profound Ranking!"

"That powerful?" World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect actually hid this kind of method! "

"That’s right, but we need to consume a large amount of Dao crystal!"

Chen Xiang and the others were discussing this matter, feeling that what Flying Dragon Palace Leader said was right, World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect was planning to lie to everyone about this Dao crystal, since their World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect was so powerful, even if these people wanted to resist, there was nothing they could do.

After World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect obtained this Dao crystal, it was enough for her to use for a long period of time!

Chen Xiang thought, he had initially planned to expose this matter, but from the reaction of the crowd, he could tell that they all trusted the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect very much.

"These fellows all have low cultivation bases. They are not allowed to come into contact with the secrets of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect! It’s not like those friends of yours who know so much, which is why they were deceived so much by World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect. " Feng Ke’er said.

"Indeed, these fellows are too naive!" Have they forgotten how they entered the city? " When Chen Xiang entered this city, he felt that he had been deceived.

Although he could enter the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, but he did not have much status in the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, and could not obtain the inheritance of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect.

If he needed the inheritance, he needed to buy other items. Furthermore, the things he needed to buy were all very deceptive things.

"Son of Heaven, we’ll see if it’s true soon." Chen Xiang only needed to wait a few more days before the conference would begin. At that time, many of the higher ups of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect would gather.

Chen Xiang was waiting for this chance. As long as the many experts of World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect gathered together, he would be able to use the two extremely powerful pills that he had previously refined.

"Mn, then we’ll see how terrifying my Feng Ke’er’s Spirit grain is." Feng Ke’er could not wait any longer.

Time passed very quickly, and Chen Xiang spent five days here very quickly. A few days later, the awakening ceremony for the Heaven Gate God Children was also held in the large plaza in the middle of the city.

Chen Xiang was also spectating from the side. What made him sigh with emotion was that there were quite a few people in the city, and there were also many disciples in the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect itself!

All of them were gathered at the surroundings of the plaza, but the space in the middle was very empty. In the middle, around a platform, a few old people stood, but Original Ancestor did not appear.