Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The reason the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect created this ceremony was mainly to show that they had the power to let the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage step into the World Defying Stage. This way, they could make a large group of people with a lot of Dao crystal buy them the ceremony.

As for whether or not it would work, Chen Xiang was also not sure. In short, he felt that World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect would not be so kind.

When he first entered the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, he was scammed once, and at that time he even said that he could become the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect’s disciple as long as he gave the Dao crystal s. However, after giving the Dao crystal s to Yun Che, he could only obtain the qualifications to enter the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, and could not even be considered a disciple of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect.

In the end, those who entered this place could only fend for themselves. The World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect did not care at all, while they had obtained a large number of Dao crystal.

They could do a lot of things, but they did not need to pay a lot of money to be able to do so. If they could deceive someone, even if a lot of people were deceived, they could only swallow their anger when they saw that their World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect was so strong. They did not dare to say anything.

"Is everyone aware of the main purpose of our ceremony?" A golden-robed elder that suddenly appeared on the stage said loudly.

"The disciple you are looking at right now is the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, he has been stuck in the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage for many years already ..." The old man looked at the green clothed man who had walked onto the stage and asked: "Little fellow, how long have you been stuck for?"

The light robed man had a delicate and pretty face. He didn’t look like an ordinary person, but one that came from a great family above.

"It’s been over ten thousand years." The green-clothed man’s words caused many people to take a deep breath. Over ten thousand years was a very long time, but everyone was a bit puzzled. He had stopped for so long and still couldn’t break through, yet he was still able to maintain his youthful appearance.

After hearing the questions from the crowd, the man in green said, "It’s because I ate a pill that can preserve my looks, so I eat one every month. That’s why I am so young."

Everyone believed that there was such a pill, but it was extremely precious!

Since this light robed man was able to consume so many of these pills, he must be extremely wealthy. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be able to perform such a ceremony!

"This disciple is the first to accept our kind of ceremony. He comes from the Nan Gong Family of the Divine Wasteland, his name is Nangong Qi." The old man introduced the man.

When everyone heard this, they were all amazed.

"So it’s the famous Nangong Clan of the Northern Wasteland. The Nangong Clan occupies many Dao crystal mines in the Northern Wasteland. No wonder he had so many Dao crystal."

"The Nangong Family of the Northern Wasteland have always been extremely wealthy, but they have still been stuck in the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage for such a long time. It can be seen how difficult it is to step into the World Defying Stage."

"Isn’t it! Just that I do not have that much, looks like I have to work hard to find the Dao crystal. "

After Chen Xiang heard the discussions of the crowd, he knew that many people were desperate to enter the World Defying Stage, it was difficult for them to even enter the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage previously, but now that the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect and the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain had appeared, it provided everyone with cultivation methods, and after selling some quickly increasing pills, many people who did not have any progress previously, had broken through.

As long as one was not too poor, by buying enough pills from the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, he would be able to reach the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage’s level of cultivation!

However, since he had reached the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, it was even more difficult to climb up.

"Alright, now we will begin the ceremony for the Heaven Gate God Child. As long as we use this ceremony to awaken the World Defying soul, we will be able to step into the World Defying Stage and become the Heaven Gate God Child of our World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect. to be able to directly take an elder of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect as his master. " The old man said loudly.

When everyone heard this, they looked forward to it! Some of the people who had a large number of Dao crystal were already ready to move. Now they just needed to see how effective the Awakening Ceremony was.

Chen Xiang also waited by the side.

"The ceremony is about to begin. Nangong Qi, please enter the golden light array in the center." The old man’s expression was solemn as he shouted with a solemn voice.

When Nangong Qi arrived at the golden light array in the middle, the old man made him sit down cross legged again.

"The awakening ceremony has begun!" The old man shouted, and only saw that the golden light array suddenly turned red, releasing a strange red light that covered Nangong Qi’s entire body. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

When the crowd saw this scene, they couldn’t help but cry out in alarm. To them, this was extremely surprising, as Nangong Qi looked like he was in a red flame being refined by a red flame.

The old man on the side was chanting an incantation, and was holding an array disc in his hand. In addition, he was constantly pouring red liquid from a bottle onto Nangong Qi’s head.

"What the hell is World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect doing?" Chen Xiang asked: "Can you understand those arrays?"

"I don’t understand ..." It does not seem to be some formation array at all, it is just a magical equipment. Under the control of a person, it released this kind of red light and powerful aura, but it did not have any effect on the people inside. Feng Ke’er could immediately tell what that array was.

It was a specially crafted array disc that was releasing this kind of terrifying red light!

"Open the Gate of Heaven ... The soul of the Son of God has descended, and the World Defying soul is complete! " The old man let out a few loud roars. The red light suddenly turned golden and burst out into bursts of white light.

And at the same time that the white light continued to burst out, waves after waves of strong gales appeared. This gale even brought along a wave of World Defying Stage Divine Power, making people feel that the World Defying Stage Divine Power was bursting out from Nangong Qi’s body.

"Such a strong World Defying Stage Divine Power, it actually didn’t take Nangong Qi long to step into the World Defying Stage, and he has even released such a powerful World Defying Stage Divine Power."

"This ceremony seems to be true!"

"This is truly hard to imagine. This is actually real. If I didn’t personally see it, I definitely wouldn’t believe it!"

"This is unbelievable!"

Amidst everyone’s surprise, the plaza gradually calmed down, and the formation plate’s radiance also slowly disappeared. Nangong Qi’s body was currently flickering with golden light, and his body was releasing the weak aura of the World Defying Stage Divine Power. Furthermore, his entire person seemed to have become more spirited, and was filled with might.

"Is this the power of the World Defying Stage? I never thought that the problem that had troubled me for thirty thousand years would be solved in such a short period of time. World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect is indeed worthy of being the strongest in the world, to actually possess such a mysterious and powerful technique. "

Nangong Qi clenched his fists tightly. With a flash of golden light, an extremely strong force of World Defying Stage Divine Power surged in all directions, forming a gust of astral wind, scaring everyone present into a cold sweat.

Many of the people here were only Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, they could not bear the Qi of the World Defying Stage!

Chen Xiang had been watching closely this whole time, and at this moment, he was sneering in his heart nonstop. Even though that aura looked terrifying, it wasn’t natural at all, and it was clear that it was released from the World Defying Stage Divine Power Orb!