When Chen Xiang looked carefully, he was shocked to realise that Nangong Qi was actually a person who had already stepped into the World Defying Stage.

This was indeed a scam!

Chen Xiang looked at the shocked expressions of the people around him, and knew that he had already achieved his goal. Although many people could not afford to pay for the Dao crystal, they would definitely spread the news, and they would also accumulate Dao crystal and use it to purchase the ceremony.

"These guys from the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect sure have some tricks up their sleeves!" Chen Xiang heard the exclamations of the crowd and sighed in his heart.

On the other hand, Flying Dragon Palace Leader and the others had already seen through this scam.

"Now, the first Heaven Gate God Child of our World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect has been born!" The old man announced loudly and excitedly. At this time, the true disciples of their World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect also began shouting loudly.

The World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect had their own disciples, and these disciples were the ones that were sealed together with them a long time ago. They were very trustworthy, and they knew that this was a scam.

"I know there are a lot of people who are still somewhat dissatisfied after joining our World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect! You all must also understand our World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, after all our World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect is too popular, many people have joined our World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, and we are unable to find them, so I am very sorry, but I hope that everyone can understand us. " The elder said with a fake, guilty look on his face. It really did seem like that.

"And from today onwards, I guarantee to all of you that as long as you are willing to work hard, you will be able to obtain a certain reward! The biggest reward will be being able to become an expert of the World Defying Stage without using a Dao crystal, and with the help of the Heaven Gate God Children’s Awakening Ceremony. "

The elder’s words made many people go wild with joy. After all, not just anyone could afford the one trillion Dao crystal. If they didn’t need it, then this would be the gospel of many people.

However, this definitely required a certain amount of conditions!

"As for how we can get this reward, we will definitely specify the standard for it within the next month." Seeing how excited everyone was, the elder couldn’t help but laugh happily.

"I know that there are many World Defying Stage s who have joined our World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, but we did not receive any good treatment or attention. This is because we treated you wrongly, this is our fault." That elder said: "Right now, you can become the inner sect disciples of our World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, but you still need to pass some tests!"

"What test?" An old man from the crowd suddenly asked. This old man was from World Defying Stage, but he was not very strong.

There were quite a few half crippled World Defying soul in the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum. The last time the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum opened, it flowed out a lot, and now that the main entrance to the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum was destroyed, they could easily enter to search for it.

"As long as you can defeat us, the Divine Son of the Heaven Gate, who has just stepped into the World Defying Stage, you can immediately become our inner sect disciples." The elder smiled faintly, "This should not be difficult. After all, he just broke through recently."

At this moment, Chen Xiang couldn’t help but praise the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect’s good methods. This way, it would make people even more convinced that Nangong Qi had awakened them through a ceremony.

However, Nangong Qi had already been a World Defying Stage for a long time, and he had even cultivated an arrogant profound body. Most of the World Defying Stage here were half crippled World Defying soul, and their strength was much weaker than Profound Rank World Defying Stage.

"It’s indeed simple. I’ll go meet him now." After the old man in red finished speaking, he rose into the air and gently flew to the wide platform in the middle.

No one thought that there would be a battle to watch, and they all became excited, many people had never seen a battle in World Defying Stage before.

"The God Child of the Heaven Gate is truly powerful, even I who stood here could feel the powerful World Defying Stage Divine Power in his body! However, it’s not that easy to defeat him. I’m worried that I might accidentally injure him. The red-robed elder was extremely confident in his abilities. Although Nangong Qi gave off a very strong feeling, the red-robed elder was extremely confident in his abilities.

"You don’t have to worry about that. After all, this is an all-out battle, and casualties are inevitable." That elder was looking at him with a great deal of interest as he smiled and said.

"Then I can let go and fight." The red-robed elder pulled at his red robe and took out a longsword. "Can I use a weapon?"

"Of course you can!" The patriarch of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect had already retreated to the wide round dueling platform in the middle.

When Chen Xiang saw a few elders from the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect walking down the stage with a smile on their faces, it could be seen that they were extremely confident in Nangong Qi’s strength.

"This old man is really courting death!" Chen Xiang had already seen the outcome of the black-robed old man. Nangong Qi was much stronger than him, it was just that he had hidden it well and not been discovered.

"Begin!" As soon as one of the elders shouted, a red light flashed from his body. Veins popped out on his forehead and a red mist began to emit from his feet. He looked very imposing.

The old man’s body was covered in a bloody mist as he quickly rushed forward. The sword in his hand was also covered in a bloody liquid. It looked extremely alluring and exuded a demonic aura. It was evident that he was cultivating an evil art.

His speed was not very fast, but when he rushed over, he was very imposing!

But, just as he took a few steps forward, Nangong Qi’s body suddenly flashed, and disappeared, in a blink of an eye, he was already in front of the red robed elder, and kicked the red robed elder’s blood light sword.

With a few crisp dang dang sounds, that seemingly very powerful sword was instantly shattered into pieces by the kick!

"You overestimate yourself!" Nangong Qi sneered, then suddenly waved his hand, a cold light exploded out, in that moment, a short blade appeared in his hand, aimed straight for the old man’s neck.

Plop!

The old man’s head fell to the ground as blood spurted out!

When Chen Xiang saw this, he was secretly surprised in his heart. Nangong Qi’s attack speed was very fast, and he did not emit much of the aura of the World Defying Stage Divine Power. His usage of the World Defying Stage Divine Power was very ingenious and concentrated, not even the slightest bit wasted.

Previously, when the World Defying Stage saw Nangong Qi’s palm strike onto the heads of the people who were about to move, their hearts trembled. If they had gone up before the red robed elders, they would have been the ones to die! Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"Victory has been decided, Nangong Qi, victory!" Although the elder’s face was solemn, he could see that there was a complacent smile in the elder’s eyes.