Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Nangong Qi kept his dagger and then stood calmly on top of it. Even though the red-robed elder’s corpse was being dragged away, he did not even spare him a glance as his entire body was filled with the Arrogant Morale of a Ranker, giving him a very strong demeanor.

"Are there any more who are willing to challenge me?" The elder continued to shout, because in his eyes, these World Defying Stage who had used the half broken World Defying soul to cultivate were all trash, if not they would have long been pulled into the inner sect of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect.

Hence, they did not feel that it was a pity how many of these World Defying Stage had died!

Now that they could use this kind of World Defying Stage to strengthen their position, they could trick more people to pay their Dao crystal to participate in their awakening ceremony.

No one dared to go up! At this moment, the square was completely silent!

The dead red-robed old man was rather famous here. Although there were a few World Defying Stage s in the outer sect of World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, but there weren’t many of them. They all knew about the World Defying Stage s here.

The red robed elder had been easily killed, and even if they were slightly stronger than the red robed elder, they would still be unable to defeat Nangong Qi.

When Chen Xiang saw that no one went up, he shouted, "Let me try!

His current appearance was that of an unassuming middle-aged man, with a trace of a weak World Defying Stage Divine Power on his body. As long as he had the World Defying Stage Divine Power Orb, he would be able to release this level of World Defying Stage Divine Power’s aura. So it didn’t attract anyone’s attention.

Chen Xiang walked slowly as he walked forward, and he deliberately walked past a few World Defying Stage Clan Elders. The reason why he was doing this was to test if these elders could see his current cultivation level. If they couldn’t, then he would be able to go up the stage with a peace of mind.

When he walked onto the stage, those elders did not have any other reactions. This meant that he had concealed his true cultivation quite well and had not been discovered.

"You really want to fight?" Nangong Qi also did not pay much attention to them. In his eyes, these people were all extremely lowly and lowly.

"What!" Chen Xiang nodded his head, he did not want to say anymore, all he wanted to do was to quickly finish Nangong Qi off.

"Didn’t you see how that old man died?" Nangong Qi suddenly felt a little admiration for the person in front of him. He knew that he was very powerful and actually dared to challenge him.

"I saw it." Chen Xiang’s tone was calm, and he looked straight into Nangong Qi’s eyes.

"Why are you so unafraid of death?" Nangong Qi smiled lightly: "I am a little impressed by people like you."

"I’m afraid of death." Chen Xiang said again.

Seeing Chen Xiang say that, the smile on Nangong Qi’s face froze, because he had praised the other party, but the other party did not appreciate it.

"If you are afraid of death, then why did you come forward?" Nangong Qi had already summoned his dagger, releasing an invisible killing intent.

"Because you can’t!" The corner of Chen Xiang’s mouth curled up slightly, revealing a smile: "Against someone who can’t kill me, of course I’m not afraid!"

"I want to see how powerful you are!" Nangong Qi didn’t even wait for the elder to shout before he made his move. He disappeared in an instant, and the moment he appeared, he had already arrived behind Chen Xiang and slashed down fiercely.

Chen Xiang did not think that Nangong Qi would be so easily angered, when he brandished his blade he revealed a lot of World Defying Stage Divine Power, it was very different from the control he had previously.

Nangong Qi was not angry, but he felt that a person who was arrogant like Chen Xiang in front of him would die a little faster, and he seemed to have forgotten that he was also someone who would make others angry.

After Nangong Qi’s blade slashed down, it actually cut through the air, because when it struck Chen Xiang’s body, he suddenly teleported away!

Of course, the people here did not know that he had used Spatial Force. The fighting stage was enveloped by a barrier, and the Spirit Qi inside it could not leak out at all, not to mention that when Chen Xiang used the Spatial Force, the fluctuations of the spatial energy were extremely weak.

However, on the fighting stage, Nangong Qi realized that although he rarely saw anyone who used the power of the spatial laws, he knew that the energy was the power of space.

There were not many people who could use the power of space. There were strong warriors who knew how to use it in the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, but those were all old monsters from many years ago! Although there were World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect s as well, their mastery of Original Ancestor s was not deep, and was far inferior to the people of Myriad Tao Divine Mountain s. Therefore, last time, when they were tracking down the Myriad Tao’s treasures, they were slower by a lot.

Suddenly, a person appeared in Nangong Qi’s mind, it was the person that World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect was looking for, Chen Xiang! Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

He had obviously heard of Chen Xiang’s great name before, and it resounded like thunder in his ears!

After Chen Xiang disappeared, he did not appear immediately, but Nangong Qi could not help but feel fear in his heart, because he had not appeared for a very long time, and they did not know what his cultivation level was.

"No matter how strong he is, he can only cultivate an arrogant profound body like me." Nangong Qi quickly calmed down. At this moment, he had also caught a glimpse of Chen Xiang’s aura, and immediately rushed over.

When he went over, he chopped down with a few violent and violent blades. The blade aura that burst out was like a huge net, sparkling with golden light, enveloping the place where Chen Xiang was standing just now.

But this time, Chen Xiang did not use teleportation, and could directly and smoothly dodge it!

Nangong Qi’s heart was already, he suddenly suspected that he saw wrongly, because Chen Xiang had used teleportation previously, why did he not use it now? Just as he was hesitating, he suddenly realized that something was wrapped around his body.

It was the power of space!

At this moment, such a clear power of space surged towards him from all directions, enveloping him within. He was unable to move; this caused him to feel incomparable horror in his heart!

After Chen Xiang released the power of space to bind Nangong Qi, he unambiguously punched out, and a layer of faint golden flames surged out of his fist!

This is the World Defying god fire!

Of course, because the enchantment had blocked all the auras, the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect Elders outside could not tell that it was a World Defying god fire!

Chen Xiang’s fist contained an extremely powerful World Defying god fire and came out from his back smashing towards Nangong Qi. The fist directly pierced through his body and shattered Nangong Qi’s heart!

Seeing this scene, everyone was stunned, dumbfounded like a wooden chicken!

When Chen Xiang punched out, they all thought that Nangong Qi would be able to dodge, but they didn’t expect that Nangong Qi seemed to have frozen in place and didn’t dodge. Instead, he gave Chen Xiang the chance to gather such strong power and punch him until his body was pierced through.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

Chen Xiang retracted his fist, and smashed it towards Nangong Qi’s head. A berserk shaking power pierced through his body from the top of his head, and it was even congealing the fire power of the World Defying god fire!

In the instant of the violent explosion, the World Defying god fire immediately poured into Nangong Qi’s body with a shockwave, and instantly shattered Nangong Qi’s body, turning him into powder.

Nangong Qi, who was previously in full fury, was able to eliminate the red-robed elder in a few moves, but now, he was completely destroyed by the red-robed elder!

This turn of events was too fast!

"Die ..." "Dead!" Nangong Qi was a seedling they were very optimistic about, and could be said to be the most outstanding disciple they had received from the outside world. He broke through in a very short amount of time, stepped into the World Defying Stage, and even managed to cultivate an arrogant profound body.

But now, he was turned into dust in front of everyone’s eyes!