Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

He thought that Nangong Qi would be able to struggle a little, but he didn’t expect that after being bound by his spatial power, he would actually be unable to move.

"Kill him!" The eyes of the clan elder who personally groomed Nangong Qi turned red, his roar causing the sky to tremble, he had already rushed forward.

Chen Xiang summoned his Heavenly magic sword, and threw it towards the incoming clan elder. The speed of the Heavenly magic sword was extremely fast, and the clan elder had already dodged it!

However, he did not expect the Heavenly magic sword to suddenly appear behind him, and directly pierce through his head!

Although this elder had cultivated World Defying Holy Body, the remaining Heavenly magic sword s had been tempered by the Myriad Tao’s treasures, and were extremely sharp. Adding on Chen Xiang’s powerful World Defying Stage Divine Power, even the World Defying Holy Body had become extremely weak.

"Power of Space!" It’s Chen Xiang! " One of the elders was very sure and immediately shouted.

Not long after he shouted, a world-shaking bell sound came from the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, followed by many different auras of the World Defying Stage s.

Chen Xiang’s heart was in ecstasy, and then he threw down the God Wind Pill!

The Self-Actualization Pill was refined using a large number of Wangwo poison s, even though the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect had the antidote, they would still be poisoned if they were not on guard. After Chen Xiang threw the pill here, the Wangwo scent immediately flew in all directions!

The onlookers had already run away when they saw that a great battle was about to break out.

Wangwo scent floated everywhere very quickly, and when the World Defying Stage who came from all directions came and absorbed these Wangwo scent, they felt their bodies floating, and a strange feeling of comfort suddenly spread throughout their body.

"It’s the Wangwo poison. Quickly take the antidote." An elder roared.

Chen Xiang didn’t expect that they would actually have antidote pills, and just as they were about to lose all ability to fight, he threw out the Sky Splitting God Slaughtering Pellet!

After he threw out the God Slaughtering Pill, he immediately teleported off into the distance. After that, he heard an extremely loud vibration, and when he looked over, that place had already been shrouded in golden light and thick fog.

Although he couldn’t see what was going on inside, he could hear waves of horrifying roars coming from inside.

"Truly amazing!" Chen Xiang used his Dao heart Eye to look and discovered that the bodies of many people from the World Defying Stage were disappearing bit by bit.

The rate of corrosion was extremely quick. Very soon, most of the people were gone!

"The Original Ancestor is here, I have to go!" Chen Xiang finally felt the aura of the Original Ancestor s, then he teleported away.

... ....

How could Myriad Tao Divine Mountain not know about such a huge thing happening in the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect? After they found out about this, they immediately rushed over to inquire about the details.

Although there was some conflict between the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain and him, they hated Chen Xiang to the bones because he had caused them a great loss. Of course, the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain did not know that Chen Xiang was able to return to the Natural Law World at the moment.

"We must get rid of this Chen Xiang!" An old man from the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain sniffed the dense waves of Wangwo scent and looked at those God-eclipse powder that could corrode World Defying Holy Body. His voice was cold and emotionless.

"Our World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect has suffered such heavy losses. Are you happy?" A World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect said coldly.

"Our Myriad Tao Divine Mountain’s losses aren’t any less than yours. It would be fine if we were to suffer such a heavy loss from fighting your World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, but it isn’t." Myriad Tao Divine Mountain had sent people to kill Chen Xiang before, but they were all killed by him.

The Original Ancestor s of the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect also nodded. Chen Xiang killing the seven of them by himself, along with more than twenty of their profound practitioners, had already shaken the very foundations of their World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect.

"How do I get rid of Chen Xiang? Right now, we can’t even find him, and he has already made a breakthrough. Judging from his remaining Qi, he has at least cultivated a World Defying Holy Body, don’t forget that he still has a World Defying Green dragon! "

The old man from the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain sighed, "Yes, even us Divine s cannot do anything to him now. Looks like he has already grasped some method that can allow him to quickly step into the World Defying Stage, and he even spread this method to the Natural Law World!"

Following that, the old man informed World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect of Myriad Tao Divine Mountain’s losses!

World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect also had territory in the Natural Law World, but they did not seem to know how terrifying the Hundreds of Flowers Village and its people were!

Before, Myriad Tao Divine Mountain had secretly fought with Hundreds of Flowers Village and Heavenly Dragon City, but in the end, Myriad Tao Divine Mountain had lost, moreover in an extremely miserable manner. What made them unable to accept the most was that the other party was not injured at all!

"The Natural Law World actually has such a terrifying force. It looks like only Divine s can deal with them." World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect did not expect this. They rejoiced in their hearts and did not go to find trouble with Hundreds of Flowers Village and the others. Otherwise, they would have suffered a huge loss. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

"So you can rest assured now, our Myriad Tao Divine Mountain and your World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect have the same strength." The old man from the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain snorted, "Right now, we simply have no other choice. We don’t have enough strength to open a spatial tunnel for the Saint-rank World Defying Stage s to head to the Natural Law World."

"Then what should we do? If this goes on, Chen Xiang will be unstoppable. " The World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect was panicking. Chen Xiang’s powerful World Defying Green dragon caused them to be extremely terrified, they never thought that Chen Xiang would level up so quickly.

Once Chen Xiang managed to cultivate the Primordial Divine Body, with the strength of the World Defying Green dragon, no one would be able to stop him!

"Hmph, you mortals probably don’t know about this!" The clan elder of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain smiled, "We still have tricks up our sleeves!"

Hearing his words, all the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect present were shocked. Myriad Tao Divine Mountain still had something to rely on!

"What is it?" They were all panicking. They had been sealed by the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain before, so they were afraid of him.

"World Defying Stage Clan! That is a branch of our Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, and the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain has existed for so many years, yet there are many disciples. These disciples created their own families a long time ago, and now, they are all hiding within the Divine Wasteland, and they are all favored by the laws of the Myriad Tao. They are the ones who truly control the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, and someone like me is just a small part of the strong World Defying Stage Clan. "

"It’s time for me to report this to them. Maybe they are interested in the World Defying Green dragon and will take action against Chen Xiang!" The old man from the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain looked into the distant sky and sighed, "It’s not bad for World Defying Green dragon to fall into their hands, it’s better than being in Chen Xiang’s hands!"

The people of World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect did not know about the existence of World Defying Stage Clan, but hearing the tone of the person in front of them, they knew that this World Defying Stage Clan was extremely terrifying.