Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

After Chen Xiang left the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, he immediately went to the Myriad Tao Mausoleum. Luo Tianjun was still there, he needed to find Luo Tianjun to discuss how he should deal with the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect and the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain.

Through those Mouse Man s, he could see the people from the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain coming to the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect. Now, the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect and the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect could be said to be enemies together, so they might join hands.

Luo Tianjun was closed up in Myriad Tao Mausoleum, Chen Xiang did not know if he came out, but even if he did not, he had to think of a way to discuss this matter with Luo Tianjun.

He was still a little worried that the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect and the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain would do some very deadly things in their anger.

When he arrived, he saw Fang Haoyun and Tang Zhongjie chatting in the hall outside. The underground palace inside Myriad Tao Mausoleum was extremely secretive, so they were relatively safe here.

"Chen Xiang, you’re finally here." Tang Zhongjie laughed: "Your pills are truly useful, we have already cultivated the World Defying Holy Body!"

"Where’s the Daofather?" I have something important to discuss with him. " Chen Xiang did not bother to chat with them, and asked as soon as he arrived.

"What’s important? Daofather, you’ve been in seclusion for so long, and you still haven’t come out. " Fang Haoyun shook his head: "Of course, you can try to send a sound transmission to him. If he could hear it, maybe he would reply you."

Chen Xiang stood in front of the secret room that Luo Tianjun was in and sent a sound transmission to the inside.

"Dao Ancestor, I am Chen Xiang. I have something important to discuss with you, are you free right now?" Not long after Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission, he received a reply from Luo Tianjun.

"Conveniently, if there’s anything, just discuss it with me via voice transmission."

Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief in his heart. He was still a little worried that Luo Tianjun would die. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

After that, he told Luo Tianjun everything that had happened in this period of time, were all the conflicts between him, World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect and the other Myriad Tao Divine Mountain.

After Luo Tianjun found out about this, he stayed silent for a while, and then said: "World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect probably doesn’t have any more tricks up his sleeve, but ... But it might not be the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, since the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain was able to seal the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect back then, he is definitely not weak! "

Luo Tianjun seemed to know some things about the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain.

"How can I guard against this?" Chen Xiang asked: "Will the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain and the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect join hands? If they were to join hands, I don’t think there would be too much danger as they won’t be able to catch me here. "

Chen Xiang was extremely confident in his Time and space power.

"Myriad Tao Divine Mountain shouldn’t be able to deal with you right now, because their Divine Ranked World Defying Stage won’t be able to catch you, but they’ll make even more people act." Luo Tianjun said in a stern voice: "You may not know this, but there is a very powerful force backing Myriad Tao Divine Mountain. I’m just not sure if it still exists, after all, it’s been many years."

"There’s actually such a strong power behind the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain?" Chen Xiang was a little surprised.

"Yes, I only heard of it!" An Xin is called World Defying Stage Clan, they were formed by many strong warriors back then. Later on, they would place their strong warriors in Myriad Tao Divine Mountain. " Luo Tianjun said: "It’s just that we are very far away, I don’t know if this World Defying Stage Clan is still here. If he is, then he would definitely be very terrifying."

"How terrifying?" Chen Xiang also felt that this matter was more serious, he never thought that the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain would have such a secret.

"They are all favored by the Myriad Tao, which means to say that there will be peak-stage Divine World Defying Stage s." Luo Tianjun also felt that the matter was serious as he walked out of the secret room.

"Under the care of the Myriad Tao?" Chen Xiang thought about a lot of things. Previously, many World Defying Stage s, who were at the peak of Divine level, had been executed, but Myriad Tao Divine Mountain s did not.

This was also their terror, as it allowed them to have a large number of World Defying Stage at their peak!

"She’s even under the protection of the Myriad Tao ... They had all kinds of methods and rich resources, but in short, their strength was extremely terrifying. Even if a crisis were to befall Myriad Tao, they would still act! Back then, those people in World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum were the ones who were forced by them to enter the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum to wait for their deaths. " Luo Tianjun said.

The strength of the Myriad Tao Dan God could be considered terrifying, but he was forced into the World Defying Stage Divine Mausoleum.

"It’s actually that terrifying!" Chen Xiang took a deep breath, "Right now, I can’t be sure if they still exist or not."

"Yes, but I think it will most likely exist! Furthermore, they will not die, and will not be executed by the Myriad Tao. It can be said that they possess eternal life and unrivaled strength, so they do not need to go to the Myriad Tao. " Luo Tianjun sighed: "I just wonder what they will do."

"I have to go investigate." Chen Xiang said: "Dao Ancestor, why don’t you leave as well! When I came here earlier, I saw that there were quite a few fellows of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain s and World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect s outside. "

"I will stay here temporarily. After all, I used a lot of my effort to build this Myriad Tao Mausoleum and I am reluctant to leave ..." I don’t want to see it destroyed. " Luo Tianjun patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder, and laughed: "You have already become very strong, so I don’t need to worry about you. Right now, I just want to break through quickly and step into the World Defying Stage’s Divine Stage."

Chen Xiang shook his head: "Dao Ancestor, if you continue to cultivate like this, there is a high chance that you will be killed by Myriad Tao!"

Luo Tianjun nodded: "There is indeed such a possibility, but I feel that there is still hope."

The closer they were to the peak of World Defying Stage, the more dangerous it was to cultivate, especially by absorbing the Myriad Tao’s power.

"What hope?"

"I have made a great contribution to the Myriad Tao world. I feel that the Myriad Tao might give me some leeway." Luo Tianjun laughed: "Of course, if you want to execute me, I don’t have any complaints, since I’ve lived enough! I was the one who created this world. Even if I were to die, the world that I created will continue to exist and there will be many different kinds of life coming from it. This is sufficient for me. "

Luo Tianjun was not afraid of death, he was very open-minded!

"En!" Chen Xiang’s words made him admire Luo Tianjun a lot. Luo Tianjun’s power was not at the top, but he had truly contributed a lot to this world.

Perhaps it was because of this that he was confident that after reaching the pinnacle, he wouldn’t be executed by the Myriad Tao.

Chen Xiang looked at Tang Zhongjie and Fang Haoyun, wanting to ask them if they had any thoughts of going to the Natural Law World, since the Natural Law World lacked experts like them, and they did not have much to do there.

Just as Chen Xiang was about to speak, the underground palace suddenly shook and then quickly cracked. This extremely sturdy underground palace actually collapsed in an instant!

"What’s going on?" Chen Xiang anxiously rushed out of the ruins. When he came out, he saw that the entire Myriad Tao Mausoleum was collapsing, falling into an extremely intense shockwave.