Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Luo Tianjun and the others had also rushed out from the ruins. When they saw the changes in their surroundings, they were extremely shocked, especially Luo Tianjun!

"Daofather, what’s going on?" Chen Xiang looked up in the sky, to where a powerful Qi was coming from, this Qi was being released by a human.

"When the Myriad Tao Mausoleum is attacked with such a powerful force, I wonder who it is! However, these people are not from Divine s. " Luo Tianjun frowned: "The Myriad Tao Mausoleum is about to be destroyed!"

"We’ll stop them now." Chen Xiang was about to rush forward, but he was stopped by Luo Tianjun.

"Don’t go, this group of people aren’t ordinary people. Their World Defying Stage Divine Power is extremely terrifying, even though they aren’t Divine Ranked World Defying Stage s yet, they contain an extremely strong and strange energy. This kind of power seems to be much stronger than Divine Ranked World Defying Stage s." Luo Tianjun anxiously pulled Chen Xiang back: "If the Myriad Tao Mausoleum is destroyed, then it’s destroyed, but nothing must happen to you."

Luo Tianjun had high hopes for Chen Xiang, and he didn’t know the origins of the strong enemies outside, so if he were to rashly go out, he would definitely be in great danger.

"Daofather, what sort of fellow has such power?" Chen Xiang said: "What do we do now?"

"If I’m not mistaken, it should be the World Defying Stage Clan’s people." Luo Tianjun sighed, "Let’s go now!"

Luo Tianjun was a little unwilling to part with this place. After all, he had created this place many years ago, and now that it had been destroyed right in front of his eyes, the anger in his heart wasn’t small at all!

Chen Xiang also saw through Luo Tianjun’s current mood. He really wanted to go out and fight to his heart’s content with those people, to actually destroy such a good Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

"They’re here!" Chen Xiang suddenly shouted. He then wanted to teleport away with Luo Tianjun and the others, but he was unable to do so because of the spatial restrictions. Then, he used the Time and space power!

Although they could leave using the Time and space power, Chen Xiang was unable to leave the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, and he had sealed them inside!

"What’s going on? My Time and space power is actually unable to leave the Myriad Tao Mausoleum! " Chen Xiang was currently at the edge of Myriad Tao Mausoleum.

"We’re sealed inside!" Luo Tianjun clenched his teeth and said: "Get ready for the battle, they are already here!"

Chen Xiang said to Fang Haoyun and Tang Zhongjie: "Everyone be careful, our enemy this time is extremely terrifying."

Just as he finished speaking, four black figures suddenly appeared in front of them, they were four extremely tall people whose entire bodies were wrapped in black cloth, their heads and faces were also wrapped in black cloth, their appearances could not be seen, and their bodies released a black mist, the strange and powerful World Defying Stage Divine Power was this black mist.

When they appeared, they instantly attacked and their movements could not be seen, but four sharp and powerful shockwaves had already struck towards Chen Xiang!

Fortunately, Chen Xiang had used the Six Realms Time and Space Door to dodge it in time, otherwise, he would have been severely injured!

Luo Tianjun was not an easy opponent, the moment the opponent attacked, he also attacked. An ordinary looking sword had already pierced through the head of a black-clothed man, after that, a gold light leaked out from the head of the head, the entire head instantly turned into gold dust.

Although Fang Haoyun and Tang Zhongjie were a little slower, their movements were very fast. It was just that the weapons in their hands were still a little too weak, unable to penetrate through the defenses of the black-clothed men. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

"Very strong!" Luo Tianjun immediately kept Fang Haoyun and Tang Zhongjie into one of his treasures, and then, the three black-clothed men flew over in a ray of black light.

Fortunately Tang Zhongjie and Fang Haoyun had already been taken away by Luo Tianjun, otherwise, they would definitely die right now!

Chen Xiang calculated his timing, and when he teleported, he would make his move at the same time. The Heavenly magic sword in his hand pierced right into the neck of one of the black-clothed men, and then he suddenly released the accumulated World Defying Stage Divine Power from his body, passing through the Heavenly magic sword and entering the black-clothed man’s body!

Crash! *

The black clothed man was instantly torn apart by the World Defying god fire that Chen Xiang poured in, turning into several pieces that exploded!

"Let’s go!" Luo Tianjun suddenly appeared behind Chen Xiang. He quickly flew away with Chen Xiang and did not continue fighting with the two black-clothed men!

"Daofather, why didn’t you continue to fight?" Chen Xiang felt that the two black-clothed men were not very strong. He and Luo Tianjun had killed two of them just now.

"Those guys aren’t the strongest!" Luo Tianjun said: "They are only diverting our attention, and their main target is you, but I don’t know how they locked onto you, if we don’t clarify this point, we will be continuously chased by them."

Chen Xiang understood now, they were trapped inside the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, and had been captured like mice by the other party!

"Are they just testing our strength?" Chen Xiang felt that this was impossible, after all, those black-clothed men were very strong, to actually use such a strong Ranker to test them, it was truly a waste.

"It’s not a test. It should be to get you to release the World Defying Green dragon. That might be their real target." Luo Tianjun said: "If the World Defying Stage Clan wants to attack, they can only attack the World Defying Green dragon!"

"So what we need to do now is figure out how they locked onto you." Luo Tianjun flew around Myriad Tao Mausoleum with Chen Xiang at an extremely fast speed.

Chen Xiang had also released many Mouse Man s to investigate, and he had also asked them to release auras, which were the same as his. He felt that if the opponent used his own auras to find his location, then the Mouse Man would distract them.

Not long after, two of his Mouse Man s were killed by the black-clothed men!

"They have a lot of men in black!" The Mouse Man that Chen Xiang released saw several.

At this time, he had already experienced the terror of the World Defying Stage Clan. These black clothed people who managed to cultivate World Defying Holy Body were actually like small fries, existing everywhere! If it was placed in the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect s, this would be an extremely valuable existence.

"I wonder how many World Defying Stage Clan s there are. In short, we are currently in a very dangerous situation, and these guys haven’t even sent out Divine Ranked World Defying Stage s yet." Luo Tianjun did not stop. He used his most approachable sense of the Myriad Tao to sense all the changes in his surroundings.

As long as the other party was not able to lock onto where Chen Xiang was, they were temporarily safe!

"So that’s how it is!" Luo Tianjun quickly found the problem.

"What’s going on?" Chen Xiang realized that the Mouse Man did not continue attracting the black-clothed men, and there were more than ten black-clothed men chasing after them.

"The World Defying Green dragon in your body!" Luo Tianjun said: "The World Defying Green dragon has a unique World Defying beast aura, you are currently in an extremely nervous state, and are about to use the World Defying Stage Divine Power at any time. You have a portion of the World Defying Stage Divine Power which is released from the World Defying beast, so they can feel this aura!"