Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang and Luo Tianjun did not understand the World Defying Stage Clan, they only knew that they were very powerful existences. Otherwise, the black clothed men they had sent over would not be so powerful.

"Daofather, how many World Defying Stage Clan s do we have?" Chen Xiang had stayed in the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain for a period of time, so he might have some understanding about this.

"I don’t know, but according to my understanding of the history of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, there should be at least five or six of them. That’s because I saw in the history books of the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, there are several names of experts with different surnames." Luo Tianjun said. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

If there were not many World Defying Stage Clan, Chen Xiang would not be so worried, as currently, his World Defying Green dragon were extremely valuable, and the reason why the World Defying Stage Clan came was because of his World Defying Green dragon.

"My World Defying beast definitely cannot fall into their hands." Chen Xiang was not only limited to World Defying Green dragon, the other five beasts were also extremely strong, but what World Defying Stage Clan did not know was that if they knew, they would have chased after him even more crazily.

"Don’t worry, we’ll definitely be able to fight them." Luo Tianjun saw that Chen Xiang was extremely worried, and comforted him: "I feel that I have almost broken through. At that time, I will be able to cultivate the Primordial Divine Body, and I’ll try to communicate with someone above Myriad Tao."

"After you finish cultivating the Primordial Divine Body, there will be someone above Myriad Tao who will contact you. As for what they will contact you for, I don’t know. This is a legend I heard from Myriad Tao Divine Mountain."

Chen Xiang had always wanted to talk to Myriad Tao Dan God, but there was nothing he could do!

"Right. Daofather, you definitely will succeed." Chen Xiang looked at Feng Ke’er who was inside the You Yao Mountain Villa. She had not completed the formation.

The Heaven devouring rat that was released by Chen Xiang suddenly realized that there was a red light in the sky, and after the red light enveloped the ground, it actually seeped into the ground.

"What is this energy?" Just as Chen Xiang finished speaking, he saw a red light drilling into the cave they were in. To his horror, this red light actually carried a bit of Time and space power.

Such a large area of covered red light, along with the Time and space power, showed just how terrifying this person’s power was!

Luo Tianjun looked solemn: "This should be a strange light that can search through all living beings. World Defying Stage Clan has so many methods, we need to quickly leave this place!"

Chen Xiang anxiously teleported with Luo Tianjun, but when he went outside, he found that the red light was everywhere, shining like sunlight on the ground, and it could even penetrate through everything, it was extremely strange.

"So that’s how it is. You actually know how to use the Time and space power. No wonder ordinary spatial shackles could not trap you." Murong Honglian suddenly appeared behind Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang did not turn back to look and immediately teleported, but this time, he was not able to escape. Although he had successfully teleported, after he teleported, he saw a beautiful lady dressed in purple appear in front of him.

Are you someone from the World Defying Stage Clan? Luo Tianjun immediately asked, he could tell that the girl was not someone who could cultivate the divine body. She was someone he could defeat, because he was currently at the peak of the World Defying Stage.

"Arrogant Mu Rong family, Murong Honglian!" She smiled and replied politely.

"From the looks of it, you are not the kind of person to kill and rob. But from the looks of it, you are here to retrieve my World Defying Green dragon." Chen Xiang snorted, he was also a Saint-ranked World Defying Stage, he wasn’t afraid of this woman.

The group of men in black gave him the impression that they were emotionless. In battle, they would attack at all costs and would not care about their own life. If there was one or two, it would be easy to deal with, but if he was surrounded by a large group of men, it would be very dangerous.

If you give it to me yourself, I won’t make things difficult for you, and I can even protect you as you leave this place alive. Do you know that there’s a fellow lying on the ground outside waiting for his servants to come and get your World Defying Green dragon? Murong Honglian said with a faint smile hanging on his face.

"An unreasonable woman. Even if I were to destroy her with my World Defying Green dragon, I would never give her to you. Don’t count on me." Chen Xiang had already summoned his Heavenly magic sword, and said to Luo Tianjun: "Dao Ancestor, just watch from the side. It’s enough to take care of those black flies.

Murong Honglian was startled, then she could not help but droop her head and look at her chest. Her chest was not very big, but when Chen Xiang said this to her, it was obvious that he was mocking her chest because she was too small. This made her frown, and she looked like she was about to get angry, but she only laughed softly afterwards.

"Then forget it, I don’t want your World Defying Green dragon!" Seeing Chen Xiang being so serious, looking as if he was about to die, Murong Honglian chuckled.

"Why not again?" Just as Chen Xiang wanted to attack, he heard the words of the other party and found it hard to believe.

"Because I believe what you just said! If I were to forcibly snatch it, you would have definitely perished together with me, or perished together with your own World Defying Green dragon. In the end, I still get nothing, wouldn’t I have ended up doing everything for nothing? " Murong Honglian laughed: "You were able to cultivate a World Defying Green dragon, you must have some exceptional qualities, I feel that I might not be able to defeat you!"

Luo Tianjun saw four golden lights flying over from afar and frowned: "Something’s wrong!"

Chen Xiang also felt the four powerful and terrifying auras.

"It’s the World Defying Stage who cultivated the Divine Body!" Chen Xiang looked at Murong Honglian: "Is this your partner?"

"Four Gold Slaves of the He Clan, you met a black clothed slave before, so your strength is a little weaker! And Four Gold Slaves is very strong! " Murong Honglian said: "I shall take my leave!"

Murong Honglian then disappeared, and the red light she left here also disappeared, as the Four Gold Slaves had already surrounded them.

"Let’s go!" Luo Tianjun shouted as he hurried to bring away.

This time, they were not able to get rid of the Four Gold Slaves as easily as before, and they were quickly locked on!

"These World Defying Stage Clan sure have a lot of tricks up their sleeves!" Chen Xiang could feel that the other party had used an extremely strange power to lock onto him and track him.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The Myriad Tao Mausoleum s had already started their attacks. They chased after Chen Xiang and attacked him at the same time, using the extremely strong World Defying Stage Divine Power every time they attacked!

"Luckily it was not the lady just now, she had a profound understanding of the Time and space power!" Chen Xiang still felt that Murong Honglian was more terrifying, and although the Four Gold Slaves behind him was scary and his power was fierce, they were temporarily not a threat to them.