Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

In the end, Murong Honglian had still severely underestimated Chen Xiang’s strength, especially Chen Xiang’s World Defying Green dragon. It was far stronger than what she had imagined, and it was also that kind of mysterious and unfathomable sealing power that caused her to be unable to move for a short period of time.

She was glad that Chen Xiang was a good person. If he was a pervert that was so bad to the bones, she might have been stripped naked by Chen Xiang by now, and even ...

"Aren’t you interested in me?" Murong Honglian had already recovered, and actually revealed a sweet smile.

"I have a lot of women, so I don’t need you! I really have no interest in you. " Chen Xiang laughed: "I want to go inside to take a look, do you want to come along?"

When Murong Honglian said this, Murong Honglian felt a little uncomfortable. She had thought that Chen Xiang was drooling over her beauty, but she didn’t expect that she wouldn’t be able to seduce Chen Xiang.

"No, you’re not allowed to go either!" Murong Honglian was still worried that Chen Xiang would die inside. She didn’t know why, but she didn’t want Chen Xiang to die inside.

She teleported in front of Chen Xiang, stopped him, and said with a cold face: "Listen to me for once, if you enter, you’ll die!"

Chen Xiang originally wanted to talk with her a little more, but he suddenly felt a lot of powerful auras rushing towards him. He frowned: "Not good, the disciples of the other World Defying Stage Clan s have arrived."

Murong Honglian also sensed it at this moment, and scolded in a low voice: "This group of bastards, they definitely came because they sensed the aura of the World Defying Green dragon ... That bastard from He Clan is also here, you must be careful, he definitely brought enough servants here this time. "

"Looks like I have to go in now. At the very least, I’ll just be chased by those servants!" Chen Xiang laughed: "Are you really not coming?"

Murong Honglian shook his head: "I’m not going, you go in, I’ll stall those bastards ... They had always thought that I had obtained the World Defying Green dragon. Although I had said that I had not obtained it, they all thought that I had killed you while I was still in Myriad Tao Mausoleum, so this time, they felt the World Defying Green dragon’s aura and hurried over. "

Chen Xiang had already kept his Heavenly Alchemy Emperor seal and patted Murong Honglian’s shoulder. "Don’t worry, I will definitely come out alive.

"Alright, I’ll believe you again. Quickly go in!" Murong Honglian struck his palm towards Chen Xiang, releasing a ray of red light. It was a powerful Time and space power, and instantly blasted Chen Xiang into the Myriad Tao Forest.

After Chen Xiang went in, he looked at the back and discovered that he was already inside the Myriad Tao Forest.

"Well-informed Ghost, you stay inside the Six Realms mirrors and don’t come out. It’s more dangerous outside." Chen Xiang had already sensed that something was wrong, but he couldn’t pinpoint what was wrong. In short, he felt a sense of unease.

The Well-informed Ghost said: "No, let me go out and see if I can collect some soul fragments here. Only then will you be able to quickly understand this place."

Chen Xiang had felt the same way before, but he thought that it was too dangerous because the Well-informed Ghost’s cultivation was not high and he was not knowledgeable about the situation, so if there was a sudden situation, there was a high possibility of him being unable to protect the Well-informed Ghost.

"Hurry up and let me out, I don’t need much time." The Well-informed Ghost said, "As long as you let me out, I will use my strongest power to gather the remnant souls outside. Although the consumption is great, it will be done very quickly."

"Alright!" In the end, Chen Xiang agreed and let Well-informed Ghost sit on top of the Six Realms mirrors. He instructed Feng Ke’er to be ready to release the seals to protect them anytime. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

He urged the Six Realms mirrors to fly within this Myriad Tao Forest, and the speed of its flight was extremely fast, moreover, it was flying in circles. This was in order to go to more places, so that the Well-informed Ghost could collect remnant souls.

"Alright, I’ve completed it!" In just an hour, Well-informed Ghost had already collected a lot of residual souls, and he looked exhausted. Chen Xiang quickly let him enter the Six Realms mirrors.

"I need about a day." Well-informed Ghost said immediately after entering.

"En!" Chen Xiang flew around this wasteland that was filled with huge rocks, and didn’t encounter anything. He had no purpose, and could only fly around randomly.

This wasteland was extremely flat. The further they went in, the more straight the rocks were. They were as straight as the trunk of a tree, and very tall as well.

"Myriad Tao Forest?" Chen Xiang felt that it was a pity that he did not ask Murong Honglian about this matter previously.

Right now, he could only wait for Well-informed Ghost to organize those memories!

At night, Chen Xiang flew to the side of a giant boulder.

This rock was 10,000 feet high, and stood square on the ground like a giant stone slab.

"The edges are really neat, as if they were precisely cut by someone." Chen Xiang flew up to the top and looked around to check the edges, and it looked like he used something to cut it out.

There were a lot of strange stones, and a lot of huge round stones as well.

"I can’t see anything with the Dao heart Eye." Chen Xiang used the Dao heart Eye to carefully examine it, but he did not find any signs of energy fluctuations.

After he flew a bit further, he threw a punch towards that huge stone slab. The powerful force smashed into it, and even though there was a series of explosive sounds, that stone did not have any reaction. It actually absorbed his strength!

"So strange!" Chen Xiang exclaimed.

After that, he threw a few punches, but he couldn’t injure the rock, so he didn’t continue.

"I wonder if I can place this stone in my Divine Sense Sea World!" Chen Xiang really liked this square stone. If placed in his Divine Sense Sea World, it would be able to increase the scenery.

He had used the powerful Time and space power to move the gigantic square shaped stone tablet to his Divine Sense Sea World, but he did not succeed because the stone was absorbing his Time and space power!

"I don’t believe it!" Chen Xiang continued to release even stronger Time and space power, but the speed at which the stone was absorbing continued.

He was originally planning to give up, but suddenly he saw the stone slab light up. On the flat surface of the stone slab, he saw something.

"It’s the Murong Rong Red Lotus!" Chen Xiang saw a patch of red, which was Murong Honglian’s Red Lotus Time Domain.

And inside this space-time domain, there was an extremely huge tiger. It was the huge tiger of the young master of He Clan, Murong Honglian was fighting against the Four Gold Slaves of the young master of the He Clan.

"What’s going on? It’s good that you can hear them! " Just as he finished speaking, he heard a sound, making him extremely happy. This stone had this kind of ability, after absorbing his Time and space power, it could let him see what he wanted to see.

"Miss Red Lotus, why did you fight with them?" Chen Xiang asked: "You must have dragged this out for too long!"

Chen Xiang had only tried to see if he could speak to Murong Honglian, but she was the only one who could hear him.

"Where are you?" When Murong Honglian heard her voice, he was shocked. He thought that Chen Xiang was using some kind of secret technique to send a sound transmission to her, and was even able to see that she was fighting.

...

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]