Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

After all, Murong Honglian was only at the peak of the Sacred Ranked World Defying Stage, but when she faced He Clan, she did not have the strength to resist, so she could only teleport to avoid their attacks.

"I’m in the Myriad Tao Forest, I’m already in the depths. You don’t have to drag them any longer." Chen Xiang said.

"I don’t want to waste time with them here either, but they firmly believe that I have obtained the World Defying Green dragon, which is why they wanted to force me to release them." Murong Honglian said: "I have no choice!"

"What if you can release it?" A thought suddenly came to Chen Xiang’s mind.

"If I can release them, I’ll make them give up! "They definitely won’t dare to rob me, as the Mu Rong family behind me is quite powerful." Murong Honglian said.

Chen Xiang had already summoned his World Defying Green dragon, and had it fly towards the huge stone slab in front of them. Inside the image, there was the image of Murong Honglian.

The World Defying Green dragon flew very fast, and in a moment it was already in front of the stone slab. Chen Xiang gritted his teeth and let the World Defying Green dragon crash into him, and actually went in, and even went to Murong Honglian’s side.

Murong Honglian was stunned, because the World Defying Green dragon suddenly appeared behind her back!

The World Defying Green dragon became very small in Chen Xiang’s hands, like a tame little snake coiling around Murong Honglian’s arm.

"It really succeeded. This is simply a spatial gate, and it’s very powerful as well. It can penetrate through the domain of Murong Honglian, the Red Lotus Domain." Before, Chen Xiang only thought about it, but now he succeeded.

"As expected, the World Defying Green dragon is in your hands. You’ve finally admitted to it!" Young Master He Clan’s voice came from the Villa on the back of the Gigantic Tiger, "Now let’s see if you are worthy enough to have the World Defying Green dragon or not. Four Gold Slaves, kill the World Defying Green dragon! "

"Chen Xiang, did you get it? Quick, get rid of him, I can’t protect your World Defying Green dragon! " Murong Honglian panicked. She did not know how Chen Xiang did it, nor did she have the time to ask. She only wanted to get rid of He Clan’s Sir.

"Go on by yourself! Isn’t this your Red Lotus Time and Space Domain? " Chen Xiang said.

"When that time comes, that bastard He will use his He Clan’s Divine Equipment to envelop everyone outside. I won’t be able to leave!" Murong Honglian anxiously said.

Just as she finished speaking, the World Defying Green dragon that was wrapped around her arm transformed into a green lightning bolt and struck into the air, releasing a strong roar, after the green light flashed, an incomparably large green dragon appeared, instantly shattering the Red Lotus Time Domain, and even destroyed the golden light barrier outside!

"Watch how I take care of them!" Chen Xiang sneered.

The World Defying Green dragon hovered in the sky, covering the sky. The giant tiger carrying the Villa was already big enough, but in front of the World Defying Green dragon, it was no different than an ant!

"I have to use even more power now!" Chen Xiang began to borrow the power of the other five beasts, concentrating all of them onto the World Defying Green dragon, causing the World Defying Green dragon to become even more terrifying.

After the World Defying Green dragon roared a few times, its body underwent a huge change!

The dragon’s body had the red scales of a Fire unicorn, and it was even emitting flames. Following that, the Vermillion Bird’s wings appeared, and on the Qilin plate, the rigid tortoise shell of a Black Tortoise also appeared.

"This... Is this even an Azure Dragon? " Murong Honglian was stunned, she did not feel the power of the other five beasts on the World Defying Green dragon’s body, she only felt that this dragon was extremely beautiful and terrifying.

"Four Gold Slaves, seize that dragon!" An excited roar came from the manor on the back of the giant tiger.

However, as soon as the sound was heard, the huge dragon’s flaming dragon tail hacked down like a world-splitting giant axe, instantly splitting the huge tiger into two. The manor was also destroyed from above.

Roar ...

The red fire dragon roared furiously as it stared at the Four Gold Slaves. Its sun-like eyes suddenly flashed, and shot out two streaks of flame and lightning towards one of the golden slaves who was charging at it!

With an explosive sound, that golden slave instantly exploded into a golden beam of light!

Following that, the red fire dragon released the Suzaku fire wing from its back. Countless fire feathers flew out like a torrential storm, bringing along a strong killing intent that enveloped the entire area.

The other three golden slaves were hit by Huo Yu. Their bodies had countless holes in them, and then were stabbed by Huo Yu. In the end, they were blasted into smithereens by the flaming lightning released by the Dragon Eye!

The black clouds were dyed red by the flames released from the dragon’s body. As the fiery clouds collided with the red lightning, it seemed as if the entire world would be conquered by this terrifying Crimson Fire Dragon.

Immediately after, the dragon roared again, spitting out a ball of flame. The moment the flame appeared, the ground started to crack, the entire land seemed to tremble in fear as if it was the birth of a giant beast.

This was the power of the Ground-suppressing immortal elephant, and the ball of flame carried a berserk lightning bolt as it charged towards the gigantic tiger that was split into two halves. In the blink of an eye, the gigantic tiger was struck by the ball of flame, and in an instant, the flames spread out in all directions, the gigantic tiger had been split into two.

Murong Honglian who was floating in mid air was scared silly! Four Gold Slaves and Giant Tiger had both been instantly killed, what kind of strength was this, she never thought that Chen Xiang was actually hiding such a terrifying strength.

Chen Xiang sat on the Six Realms mirrors’s back and looked at the image that appeared on the stone wall in shock. He had never known that his own Six beasts was actually so terrifying, he could not understand either, because this kind of power was completely different from his own.

If he managed to cultivate the Primordial Divine Body, then perhaps this kind of power would be more or less, but right now, he wasn’t!

"Murong Honglian, you ... You actually killed the Four Gold Slaves of our He Clan. " The He Clan Lord did not die. He was standing on a flying disc that was enveloped in a dense golden light.

"This... This has nothing to do with me! " Murong Honglian didn’t know whether to laugh or cry, because this World Defying Green dragon really wasn’t hers, she didn’t know where Chen Xiang got it from, and she didn’t know why it had become so terrifying.

Chen Xiang hurriedly took back the World Defying Green dragon. After the World Defying Green dragon successfully returned to his Divine Sense Sea World, he was a lot more at ease. He was still worried that he would not be able to take it back.

The heaven and earth had returned to normal, but the outside of the Myriad Tao Forest was a complete mess. The group of disciples from the other World Defying Stage Clan were also scared silly by the Scarlet Fire Dragon, they never knew that there was such a terrifying World Defying beast in the world, it wasn’t a World Defying Green dragon at all!

The most important thing was that such a strong beast was actually in the hands of Murong Honglian, the woman.

"Just wait with me, my He Clan is not finished." His beloved mount looked as if it had been cut into two by a dragon tail, and in the end, it had even turned into dust. The Four Gold Slaves that he had spent a lot of effort to borrow, was also gone. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

As the young master of the He Clan left, the disciples of the other World Defying Stage Clan s also left in shock and fear, leaving Murong Honglian floating in the air blankly.

"What the f * * k is this?" I didn’t do anything! " Murong Honglian looked around. She really didn’t do anything, it was Chen Xiang controlling that terrifying Scarlet Fire Dragon from behind.

"Chen Xiang, where are you?!" Murong Honglian could only ask Chen Xiang.

...

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]