Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was still in the Myriad Tao Forest. After he recalled the World Defying Green dragon back, he was also thinking about why his World Defying Green dragon suddenly became so strong! One must know that when he fought with Murong Honglian, he had released World Defying Green dragon s, but at that time, even if he hadn’t absorbed the powers of the other five beasts, he wouldn’t have been so strong.

"I’m in the Myriad Tao Forest." Chen Xiang looked at the gigantic stone tablet in front of him. He suspected that the World Defying Green dragon had become exceptionally strong after passing through this area.

"Then you... Then how did you get the World Defying Green dragon here? " She had never entered the Myriad Tao Forest, but she knew that Chen Xiang would definitely be very far away from her inside the Myriad Tao Forest.

"It’s a long story, I’ll tell you again when I have the chance." Chen Xiang released the World Defying Green dragon from the Myriad Tao Forest, then gathered the power of the five beasts into the World Defying Green dragon’s body.

However, the World Defying Green dragon had only grown in size and hadn’t become a Crimson Fire Dragon like before.

"The power of the other five beasts hasn’t perfectly fused into the dragon’s body." Chen Xiang looked at the World Defying Green dragon floating in the sky and furrowed his brows.

Now he was sure that the World Defying Green dragon could only absorb the power of the other five beasts and use the stone slab to become the Crimson Fire Dragon’s.

The Scarlet Fire Dragon was extremely strong, it could easily kill the four golden slaves. This kind of power was unimaginable even to Chen Xiang.

"I must take this thing away!"

ε, w E

After Chen Xiang put away the World Defying Green dragon, he told Feng Ke’er what had just happened so that he could think of a way to take away the stone tablet.

"I’ll go out and try!" Feng Ke’er carried the Six Realms mirrors and flew above the stone slab. No one knew what kind of seal she used to make the Six Realms mirrors face the stone tablet and emit a white glow.

The giant rock board was instantly covered in white light, and after that, the entire rock board gradually shrank, and entered the Six Realms mirrors’s mirror!

"How did you succeed?" Chen Xiang felt that it was hard to believe.

"I’m so amazing, so this kind of thing won’t trouble me." Feng Ke’er laughed complacently: "This is mainly because I used a type of seal to seal the stone tablet to resist the power of space. Then, I used a different type of formation to absorb the stone tablet into the Six Realms mirrors." Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"This sealing power is really powerful." Chen Xiang praised: "Come here, let me see what’s so special about these stone tablets."

Well-informed Ghost had not organized all the memories, otherwise Chen Xiang would have a better understanding of this Myriad Tao Forest.

"Let me see if I can see anything through the stone slabs!" Chen Xiang sent his consciousness into the space inside the Six Realms mirrors, but discovered that there were no stone slabs inside.

"What’s going on?" Chen Xiang anxiously asked Feng Ke’er.

"He’s gone!" Feng Ke’er shouted in alarm, and then she hid herself inside the Six Realms mirrors.

A moment later, she ran out from inside and laughed: "That stone tablet is very strange, it has already fused with the Six Realms mirrors!"

"This... Why can’t I feel it? " Chen Xiang permeated his consciousness into the Six Realms mirrors s, but he did not find any slate that had fused in.

"Try injecting the Time and space power into the Six Realms mirrors again." Feng Ke’er said.

Chen Xiang tried it and sure enough, it worked. He saw Murong Honglian through the reflection of the Six Realms mirrors and he immediately teleported to Divine Wasteland.

"Where is she?" Chen Xiang felt that it was a pretty good idea for Six Realms mirrors to be able to see other people.

"I wonder if we can look at the others." Chen Xiang tried to look for Xue Xianxian and the others, but failed.

He could only continue to observe Murong Honglian.

Murong Honglian quickly came to a stop, probably teleporting to the place she wanted to go.

"He’s gone?" Chen Xiang saw a red light flash on Murong Honglian’s body, and he disappeared.

"He must have entered his Murong Family." Feng Ke’er said: "This thing can only see people from the same world. Murong Honglian’s family is not in the same space with the Divine Wasteland."

Chen Xiang, who was waiting for the Well-informed Ghost, was very bored right now. He could only run to the other big rocks and try various things there, wanting to see if there were any special effects.

However, these stones were just ordinary stones. They were immediately shattered, unlike the huge square stone slab from before.

"These stones are really strange." After Chen Xiang smashed two of the stones to pieces, he continued to test out the other stones.

He threw a punch across the sky, using the power of the Meteor immortal power to circulate the power of the World Defying Stage Divine Power, and released a ball of light that resembled a shooting star, striking the round boulder.

After hitting the rock, he felt that it would explode. However, it did not. Instead, it was directly sent flying ...

"He actually flew away!" Chen Xiang looked at the circular stone that disappeared into the sky and couldn’t help but be stunned.

"That rock should be very light. It should be able to withstand your attack and fly away." Feng Ke’er was also very interested in the rocks here. This was something very strange that she had seen before, especially the square stone.

... ....

Daybreak, Well-informed Ghost had finally sorted out the residual soul memories he had collected.

"There’s a result." He was currently inside the Six Realms mirrors, so he did not know about what Chen Xiang had done before, nor did he know that the Six Realms mirrors had fused together with a strange stone.

"What is so magical about this place?" Chen Xiang asked quickly.

"This is a place where one’s Dao-heart perishes." The Well-informed Ghost said, "Or should we say ... It is because after some fellows above Myriad Tao die, their dao hearts will fall here, forming pieces of stone. "

"Even those above Myriad Tao will die?" Chen Xiang was very surprised at this. He thought that people who had reached that level should never die.

"They can die, but most of these guys were killed by someone else." Feng Ke’er said.

"What exactly is a Dao-heart?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It means that all sorts of different types of Dao energy essences have different types of power ..." If one cultivated fire, then the essence of Dao power would be fire. If one cultivated lightning, then it would be lightning. And so on and so forth .... There are many different types of Daos, all of which are Dao Energy Essences. However, none of the Dao Energy Essences mentioned in any of the memories are actually Dao Energy Essences. "

It was already not bad that the Well-informed Ghost was able to obtain this information.

"That’s all?" Feng Ke’er was still curious about many things.

"Of course there are, but it’s not much! "Because most of those memories are miscellaneous stuff, I just picked out the more useful ones!"

"The World Defying Stage Clan cannot enter this place, because they are under the Myriad Tao’s care, and this is a land where their dao hearts perish, the Myriad Tao does not allow them to have the dao heart here, because if he obtains the dao heart here, they will be able to leave the control of the Myriad Tao!"

...

...

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]