Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The dao heart actually had such a great benefit, Chen Xiang looked around at the huge rocks, how many people with dao hearts would have to die to have so many dao hearts?

"So many people have died. It’s really scary!" Chen Xiang never thought that there would be so many people above the Myriad Tao.

"Some have been executed. Those people who should be killed are all existences at the peak of World Defying Stage. " The Well-informed Ghost said: "If World Defying Stage Clan has these dao hearts, they might be able to break through the peak of World Defying Stage and step onto the top of the Myriad Tao. That way, they can escape the control of the Myriad Tao."

"Doesn’t that mean that there’s a killing array here to target them?" Feng Ke’er did not realize that she had guessed it, and planned to look around. After all, this was an array that was set up by the way of the kings.

"Probably." The Well-informed Ghost said, "There are still some dangers inside, because the so called Dao Heart is uncontrollable ..." Especially those beast dao hearts, which will become powerful beasts, or have an evil dao heart, and will also give birth to powerful evil spirits. " Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

The stone tablet that Chen Xiang saw earlier should be a very good dao heart. That dao heart could fuse with various types of energy, which was why the World Defying Green dragon became like that.

Right now, he didn’t know how to make the World Defying Green dragon transform either!

Concentrating the Six beasts’s power on one of them would make the World Defying beast become stronger and would not disperse its power. That was why after the Six beasts merged, it would be able to defeat the Four Gold Slaves easily.

At the very least, the World Defying Stage Clan would not dare to enter here and attack me. Chen Xiang looked at the rocks around him, he had become extremely cautious, he was worried that these rocks would suddenly turn into powerful beasts and attack him.

"If the people from the World Defying Stage Clan were to come in, there is a high chance that they would cause a huge commotion." The Well-informed Ghost said, "How about you ’get’ one of them to ’come in’ and try it out?"

Now that Chen Xiang was able to do it, then it would be the woman Murong Honglian. However, he still had a good impression of Murong Honglian, at least he didn’t want to kill him and snatch the World Defying Green dragon away like the other proud disciples.

"If there’s a chance, I will definitely ’get’ one of them to come in." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Right. The Dao-hearts here all have energy within them. I wonder if we can use it." The Well-informed Ghost said, "You know how to refine pills. You should be more familiar with these things."

Chen Xiang did not run into a stone with a special energy inside, which was that square stone was extremely useful, and he stumbled upon it by chance.

"Alright, let me try and see if I can succeed." Chen Xiang used his Dao heart Eye to look at these stones.

He immediately began to search for stones that contained energy. Some of these boulders were easy to break because the energy within them had already been lost. Therefore, there was no longer any form of defense. They could be shattered with a single punch.

When he encountered the flying stone before, it was because he had a certain intelligence and used the strange energy within it to make himself lighter. Then, he flew away under Chen Xiang’s powerful punch.

"Looks like I have to get some snacks." Chen Xiang didn’t need to use such a violent method now, he directly went to the side of the rock, placed his hands on it, and imbued World Defying Stage Divine Power in it.

After a few hours, Chen Xiang still did not reap any rewards. Many of the Dao-hearts were dead, and it was very difficult to find a living one.

However, he still continued, because he knew that it required patience. Moreover, after he witnessed the power of the square slab of stone, he was very interested in the power inside it.

This would allow him to patiently search for them one by one!

Over ten days later, when he poured a wave of World Defying Stage Divine Power into a huge oval shaped rock, he felt that this wave of World Defying Stage Divine Power was rapidly being absorbed, causing him to be overjoyed!

"I’ve finally met one!" Chen Xiang immediately took action, throwing a heavy palm towards the rock.

Right after he threw out his palm, the rock immediately started trembling violently, following that it erupted with a burst of gold light, scaring Chen Xiang away, because after the gold light shone, it was accompanied by a burst of powerful Spirit Qi.

"This is ..." A beast! " Chen Xiang was stunned, because he could see through the golden light that there was a gigantic beast figure inside that looked like a gorilla.

Sure enough, it was a huge beast that looked like a real gorilla. However, its entire body was covered in golden scales, and there were even a few longsword like backs on its back. The head was like a toad’s.

The huge beast roared and immediately rushed towards Chen Xiang. As it ran, it actually released a burst of spatial energy that wanted to imprison Chen Xiang.

"This beast actually knows how to use the power of space." Chen Xiang was completely shocked, it was a good thing that he knew how to use the Time and space power and teleport away from the Space Domain.

"Very strong. He should have cultivated the Primordial Divine Body... "This is a proud beast." Feng Ke’er said, "Fortunately, this is not a divine beast, otherwise, it would be much stronger."

Chen Xiang took out the Primordial Divine Net and placed it down.

After the divine net covered the beast, it immediately struggled. Just as it was about to break open the divine net, Feng Ke’er immediately controlled the Six Realms mirrors to release a seal, trapping the beast inside.

"Don’t kill me!" The proud beast suddenly spoke.

Chen Xiang floated in the air and laughed: "I don’t have to kill you, but you have to promise me some conditions."

Even though this beast that seemed to be so arrogant and powerful, Chen Xiang felt that it was useless. If it was used against a person from the World Defying Stage Clan, with just this big of a body, it would already be a huge ’meat target’.

"Speak!" The beast that was arrogant in this world didn’t just speak, he also used his consciousness to ’communicate’ with Chen Xiang.

"Help me find something good here. You must be very familiar with this place." Chen Xiang needed a pure energy type of Dao-Heart Monolith, not this type of living beast.

"No problem, but this will take time. I’ve been asleep for a long time, and it was you who woke me up." The proud beast looked around, and upon sensing that many of the giant rocks with Dao-hearts had all died, it couldn’t help but begin to howl in a low voice.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang also agreed, and after that he made a blood contract with the arrogant beast.

Chen Xiang sat on the head of the proud beast and the beast started to sprint. From time to time, he would teleport and sense where the good rocks were.

"How were you born?" Chen Xiang was very curious about the origins of this beast, which made him look very strange, to the point that he looked a little ugly.

"I don’t know. I’ve been here for a long time. Maybe this is the only thing I had in my previous life." The beast said.

In his previous life, he was a beast. Moreover, he was above Myriad Tao or was even executed.

"Something has appeared ... He looks just like a human! " The beast suddenly shouted and pointed in a direction.

When Chen Xiang looked over, he realized that over a dozen black figures had jumped over. They were actually He Clan’s black clothed slaves!

...