Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

In the Well-informed Ghost’s memories that he collected, there were the memories of the black clothed slaves that frequently entered here. It was also because of those memories that he found this place.

"Can you handle it?" Chen Xiang asked: "If possible, I will hide."

"Absolutely!" The strange beast was extremely confident, and then, Chen Xiang went into hiding.

Chen Xiang recalled the memories he had gathered here before in the Well-informed Ghost.

The Dao-heart boulder inside could allow the people of the World Defying Stage Clan to break through the control of the Myriad Tao. One had to know that the people of the World Defying Stage Clan were also under the control of the Myriad Tao at the same time. They could not break through the peak of the World Defying Stage or enter it.

Therefore, if the He Clan wanted to change this situation, they could cultivate a large number of these powerful black clothed slaves or gold clothed slaves, and let them come in here to search for useful things so that they could cultivate and break through.

"If we let so many people from the He Clan die, they might become vigilant. However, they are not afraid, and do not dare to enter." Chen Xiang secretly laughed in his heart. At this time, the arrogant strange beast had already rushed over, its frog-like mouth had grown very big, and Chen Xiang had thought that it would spit out a golden light or something.

Who would have thought that he would spit out so many giant wasps from his mouth!

These tens of thousands of wasps were like a huge black shadow that enveloped over, turning into a palm that directly slapped towards the ten black clothed slaves.

These black-clothed slaves didn’t think that the wasp that had just appeared would arrive so quickly. This was the power of space!

After the black-clothed slave was covered by the wasp, his body was pierced through by the wasp’s stinger, creating countless’ holes’.

"He’s already dead, so fast!" Before this, Chen Xiang had been chased around by these black clothed slaves, but he didn’t expect that in the eyes of this proud and unusual beast, he was so weak that he couldn’t even withstand a single blow.

The strange beast opened its mouth and spat out a long stone, then it sucked the bodies of the ten black clothed slaves into its mouth and ate them.

"This guy is really flowery!" Chen Xiang never thought that there would be so many strange beasts with the body of a toad gorilla.

"Toad Head, have you ever seen anything like this here before?" Chen Xiang returned back to the toad’s head.

"I have. I’ve eaten them all." The toad head seemed to like the name that Chen Xiang gave it, and jumped up and down in excitement.

Now, he would bring Chen Xiang to the stone that he had discovered earlier.

"This is the place. I can feel a very strong energy in this rock." The toad said.

"What kind of energy is it? Do you know? " Chen Xiang flew on top of the round stone.

Round and large stones like these were very common here, but the square slab of stone that he had obtained was very rare here. He had thought that the stone slab was very rare, which was why he chose to ’mess’ it up.

Chen Xiang took out the Heavenly magic sword, and pierced through it first, easily!

"The energy inside should be a type of energy that can make the body strong. I can feel it." The toad said, "A lot of this energy has already been lost. It should be in the middle."

This rock was three hundred meters high, and it would be difficult to reach the center. However, he still had a plan, he immediately released the World Defying god fire and burned a small path.

When he was about to reach the middle, he immediately felt a wave of energy seeping out.

"So powerful, quickly use your Tianchuang furnace to catch it." Feng Ke’er also felt it.

Chen Xiang had already taken out his Tianchuang furnace and channeled the energy that was gushing out from it into the Tianchuang furnace.

After the Tianchuang furnace was refined by the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, it had become very strong, and the space inside was also very stable.

"It should be able to hold a lot." Chen Xiang held the Tianchuang furnace up for a good three days and three nights, before finally taking away the energy within the stone.

"It’s a very pure energy, it seems to be very useful for the body, I wonder if I can refine it with the Tianyuan holy body Dan." Chen Xiang looked inside the Tianchuang furnace, and the energy had already turned into liquid.

"Alright, this energy is enough for me to use." Chen Xiang said: "Toad Head, you are free now! Right, can you take me to a safer place? I don’t want to be disturbed. "

Chen Xiang planned to start concocting pills as he wanted to reach the peak of World Defying Holy Body quickly.

Moreover, it would not be easy to cultivate the divine body. He would need other pills as well. When that time came, he could only use the Time Laws to stimulate the growth of those medicinal herbs that would take many years before they matured.

"The disciples of the World Defying Stage Clan are so arrogant, but they still haven’t managed to cultivate their divine bodies. It seems like cultivating the Primordial Divine Body won’t be easy." Chen Xiang knew the difficulty of cultivating the Primordial Divine Body. He had already worked hard for a long time, and now, he was only preparing to succeed.

"If that kind of pill is refined, then Natural Law World will be able to nurture a group of experts with unparalleled divine bodies. Then, Natural Law World will no longer have any fear." Chen Xiang looked at the World Defying heaven fruit tree and discovered that it had grown quite well.

Right now, he could only refine Tianyuan holy body Dan, so he could first cultivate the World Defying Holy Body to its peak.

The toad brought him to a relatively large round boulder. He let out a golden light and wrapped the boulder up, then let Chen Xiang inside.

After Chen Xiang went in, the inside was actually empty, and after that, the toad followed him in, and the moment he went in, he fell into a deep sleep. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"Toad head!" Chen Xiang called out softly. Seeing that he did not react, he could not help but smile.

Thereafter, he began refining the Tianyuan holy body Dan!

When he was refining it, he found that the energy he got when he first entered it could enhance the quality of Tianyuan holy body Dan s by a lot! Of course, it was also extremely difficult to refine it. Fortunately, Feng Ke’er had helped.

He used the Time Formation, and even after two months, he still could not refine a single pellet.

"Let me have a look!" How much stronger is it compared to before? It took me quite a bit of time. " After Chen Xiang ate it and began to refine it, he quickly felt that the effects of this pellet was actually several times better than the previous one.

"After the derivation method and the Crash method, that kind of energy has increased even more, which is why it has such a good effect." Chen Xiang only needed to eat one pill to feel a huge increase in strength. He felt that he did not need to eat too much to cultivate the World Defying Holy Body to its peak.

He quickly finished refining it and continued refining it!

"Refining fifty pills in one go will definitely allow me to reach the peak of World Defying Holy Body." Chen Xiang planned to try summoning that stone after cultivating to see if he could summon out the Scarlet Fire Dragon again. That was an extremely powerful thing, capable of killing the divine body of a Golden Slave.

...