Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

When Chen Xiang was refining pills, he would use the power of time to release a Time Domain, and when he was in this domain, he could shorten the time he spent with the outside. Using the power of time required him to consume a lot of energy, but this consumption was nothing to him, with his current cultivation level, he could release the Time and space power while he was refining pills.

Refining fifty Tianyuan holy body Dan required a very long time. Even though he was very familiar with the process, he was only able to refine two of them in three months. If this was the case, he would need more than five years and sixty to seventy months.

However, sixty months had passed inside the Time Domain and only sixty to seventy days had passed outside.

Feng Ke’er was also bored while Chen Xiang was refining the pellet. She went out to wander around, wanting to see if she could discover something.

When Chen Xiang was refining pills, he did not feel the passage of time at all. Right now, he was always immersed in refining pills, which made him feel extremely happy.

Unknowingly, a period of time had passed. had refined fifty Tianyuan holy body Dan in such a manner, and the energy that he had extracted from the Dao-heart Giant Stone had already been used up.

"Did you find anything?" Chen Xiang asked as he saw Feng Ke’er returning.

"Not at all, but I sensed some auras of some black clothed slaves." Feng Ke’er said: "These guys aren’t giving up yet, looks like they’re extremely anxious to break through the control of the Myriad Tao. I wonder why?"

The black clothed female was groomed by the He Clan to look for this energy, and it was able to make the He Clan even stronger. Furthermore, quite a few of them had died recently, yet the He Clan still dared to send them over, which was why Feng Ke’er felt this way.

"I’m going to start eating these pills. After I finish cultivating the peak World Defying Holy Body, I’ll be ready to cultivate my Divine Body." Chen Xiang felt that if he could cultivate World Defying Holy Body at its peak, and then summon his Red fire dragon, he could become very strong.

However, he did not know how to summon the Red fire dragon yet. After all, when the Red fire dragon appeared, it was through that Dao-heart boulder that he had kept inside the Six Realms mirrors.

"Alright, I will continue to walk around and see if I can catch a black-clothed slave." Feng Ke’er flew out again. Chen Xiang did not need to worry about her, she had controlled a large number of seal formations and barriers. As long as she wasn’t an especially strong World Defying Stage, none of them were able to do anything to her.

After Chen Xiang ate the Tianyuan holy body Dan, he began to refine the medicinal power.

Fortunately, these pills all contained a Spiritual God, and he didn’t need to spend too much time and energy to refine them. From the beginning to the end, he just let it happen.

Of course, there would also be some problems. For example, when refining the pill, he would encounter a situation where the medicinal energy was blocked and dispersed. This was mainly because there was too much medicinal energy left in his meridians, so he had to refine it himself.

"The further I go, the longer I can refine it!" Chen Xiang didn’t know why, at the beginning, he could refine one pellet in half a day, but later on, it would take seven days.

Fortunately, he had plenty of time. Although a year had passed, only a dozen days had passed outside.

"Alright, I’ve finally cultivated the peak of World Defying Holy Body." Chen Xiang looked at the condition of his own body, then looked at the proud Six beasts s inside the Divine Sense Sea.

"Xiao Ke’er!" Chen Xiang shouted. Not long after, Feng Ke’er returned.

"I met a type of Slave in Purple Costume outside. It seems to be very powerful." When Feng Ke’er returned, he told Chen Xiang about what he found outside.

"How many?" Chen Xiang asked quickly.

"There’s only one. Slave in Purple Costume brought two golden-clothed slaves and twenty black clothed slaves to search for something inside this place. Moreover, it’s extremely anxious." Feng Ke’er said: "If it wasn’t for that Slave in Purple Costume, I would definitely have been able to capture everyone else."

"Okay, take me to them now." After Chen Xiang broke through, he had greater confidence in his own strength.

Feng Ke’er hurriedly brought Chen Xiang and left. Not long later, Chen Xiang saw a flash of purple light in the distance.

"That’s the Slave in Purple Costume. I don’t know what he’s doing, but he’s emitting this purple light. It’s as if he’s capable of searching for something." Feng Ke’er said: "Could it be to find a huge boulder that contains energy?"

"That’s very possible!" Chen Xiang nodded, then used the Counter Power to make himself invisible, and approached her bit by bit.

When he was close to them, the Slave in Purple Costume’s sturdy body suddenly trembled. Chen Xiang thought that he had been discovered and was about to escape, but Slave in Purple Costume let out a loud roar and his body burst out a burst of purple light.

After the purple light was released, it pierced through a circular huge rock. The circular huge rock was penetrated by the purple light and started to tremble. Soon after, it split open and there was nothing inside.

"They are indeed looking for boulders that contain energy." Chen Xiang decided to follow Slave in Purple Costume.

"This guy seems to be quite capable. Who knows, maybe he’ll be able to find him." Feng Ke’er said: "That way you won’t have to wake up the toad’s head."

Chen Xiang nodded his head, he did not want to trouble the toad. Although the toad’s head was powerful, it was still a little pressured to deal with Slave in Purple Costume, a human with powerful divine bodies.

A few days passed, Chen Xiang had always been following Slave in Purple Costume.

Slave in Purple Costume used the strange purple light on his body to break apart numerous stones, but to no avail.

"The reason they brought these black slaves was probably because they were worried about encountering beasts." Feng Ke’er was getting impatient as he entered the You Yao Mountain Villa to look for Mei Jing Sisters.

On the other hand, Chen Xiang was very patient. He needed to be patient in order to find the energy contained in the stone.

More than ten days later, Slave in Purple Costume suddenly discovered something. This made Chen Xiang pleasantly surprised, but he was disappointed afterwards, because there was an almighty beast inside the boulder, it was killed not long after it came out.

"How much longer do we have to follow them?" Feng Ke’er did not want to continue. To her, this was a very boring thing to do.

"Wait until they get something." Chen Xiang laughed: "These guys are all from the He Clan, especially that Slave in Purple Costume, they look extremely powerful. Maybe the people from the He Clan are controlling this purple robed man right now, too."

Chen Xiang did not guess it out of thin air, because he could feel traces of extremely weak fluctuations of the spatial energy. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Chen Xiang continued to follow Slave in Purple Costume’s group of servants. Very quickly, another ten days passed, and this time, Slave in Purple Costume made another discovery.

"It’s the Myriad Tao Divine Soil!" Chen Xiang suddenly roared. At the same time, he did not stay idle and immediately took action, using his Time and space power to grab that piece of the black Myriad Tao Divine Soil that jumped out.

This piece of Myriad Tao Divine Soil was very small, only the size of an egg!

However, having so many precious items was already quite good.