Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

After Chen Xiang stole all the items, it immediately attracted the attention of the Slave in Purple Costume.

"We’ve been discovered. Goodbye!" Chen Xiang anxiously used Time and space power to teleport.

"I really did not expect that there was actually a Myriad Tao Divine Soil inside. If He Clan knew that something this precious was taken away, wouldn’t he be very angry?" Chen Xiang sent this piece of Myriad Tao Divine Soil to Feng Ke’er.

After Feng Ke’er’s appraisal, he confirmed that this was the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, it was already not bad to have so much.

"Indeed! How could there be a Myriad Tao Divine Soil in this kind of damned place? " Feng Ke’er also thought that it was unbelievable and laughed: "He Clan is definitely going to be angered to death."

"Oh no, the Slave in Purple Costume is coming!" Chen Xiang felt a trace of Qi approaching him and immediately recognized that it was the aura of the Slave in Purple Costume.

The Slave in Purple Costume was extremely fast, and only he came by himself, and he even used spatial energy.

"I wonder how he found this place!" Chen Xiang had used the Time and space power to teleport earlier on, so he did not leave behind any signs of presence or spatial ripples.

However, the Slave in Purple Costume still came, and at a very fast speed!

"This fellow’s control over the power of space is quite good. It looks like I can only try this move." Chen Xiang closed his eyes and released a very strong Time and Space Domain.

The Slave in Purple Costume that was charging towards him quickly entered his space-time domain. After entering, the Slave in Purple Costume that was originally flying in the air suddenly dropped down.

"Sure enough!" Chen Xiang snickered.

This was just as he had guessed, the Slave in Purple Costume was controlled by someone, and after entering his spatial and temporal domain, the person controlling the Slave in Purple Costume had no contact with the Slave in Purple Costume.

As a result, the Slave in Purple Costume immediately dropped to the ground.

Chen Xiang became an old man and when he went down, he took out his Heavenly magic sword and chopped off the head of the Slave in Purple Costume.

"Look at this fellow’s memories!" Chen Xiang used the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell, but did not succeed.

"Well-informed Ghost, I’ll leave it to you!" Chen Xiang told Well-informed Ghost to come out from the Six Realms mirrors.

When the Well-informed Ghost came out, he found out the situation and said, "This guy’s soul isn’t dead yet, let’s disperse his soul. Although the memory obtained isn’t complete, at least we’ll know something."

Chen Xiang did as he was told. He dispersed the Divine Sense Sea and the remnant soul immediately floated around.

"Finished collecting. Wait for me." After the Well-informed Ghost entered the Six Realms mirrors, Chen Xiang brought the corpse of the Slave in Purple Costume to the boulder where the toad was and ate it.

Chen Xiang was waiting here for the Well-informed Ghost to organize his useful memories. His Soul Absorbing Devil Spell could not be used on the Slave in Purple Costume, so he must have used some trick on the soul of the He Clan.

After half a day, Well-informed Ghost already had a result.

"More importantly, there are a total of ten experts at the peak of World Defying Stage. They are restricted by the laws of the Myriad Tao, so none of them are able to take a step forward. They only have the choice to find a way to escape from the control of the Myriad Tao."

"Also, the He Clan values the Myriad Tao Divine Soil a lot. They already heard from the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain that you snatched away the Myriad Tao’s treasure, so they are going to think of a way to find you and get my body from you."

"Finally, the He Clan believes that Murong Honglian has already obtained the World Defying Green dragon, and they intend to use all means possible to snatch Murong Honglian’s World Defying Green dragon, even if it means making the Murong Family their enemy."

"It’s that serious?" Chen Xiang suddenly started to worry about Murong Honglian. If Murong Honglian only had the World Defying Green dragon, perhaps the He Clan would not be so jealous, but the appearance of the Red fire dragon and killing a few gold slaves had caused the He Clan to feel threatened.

"He Clan thinks that the World Defying Green dragon is able to fight against the Myriad Tao’s laws and allow them to rule the entire Myriad Tao." The Well-informed Ghost said.

All of these information was gathered from Slave in Purple Costume, so it seems that Slave in Purple Costume was probably a substitute for some strong expert of He Clan, hence he had a lot of memories.

Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors, poured the Time and space power into it, and started to think about Murong Honglian.

He quickly saw Murong Honglian, and being able to see him meant that Murong Honglian had already left the Mu Rong family.

"Little Red Lotus Girl, what are you doing?" Chen Xiang saw Murong Honglian in a dark stone room. She was squatting in a corner of the stone room.

"Chen Xiang? Isn’t this all your fault? What happened to the dragon? Even the elders of my family have determined that I possess a World Defying Green dragon, no matter how I explain it to them, they will not listen to me! And He Clan really wants this World Defying Green dragon. " When Murong Honglian talked about this matter, he was filled with anger. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"I don’t know what’s going on either! "That dragon was only released by me due to a misunderstanding between the two of us." "... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Chen Xiang had only done it once, and he had also tried it later on, but he did not succeed.

"I know about your situation, but why don’t you stay in the Mu Rong family?" It’s very dangerous for you to run outside. He Clan has already decided to use whatever means necessary to obtain the World Defying Green dragon from you. Chen Xiang said somewhat embarrassedly.

"What my World Defying Green dragon? It’s clearly yours, I have never had a World Defying Green dragon before! " She was about to go crazy, even Chen Xiang, the culprit, said that the World Defying Green dragon was hers.

"This... Sorry, it is my World Defying Green dragon. I will think of a way to clarify it for you. " Chen Xiang laughed: "Continue pretending for a while, I am also worried that the He Clan is looking for me, it is your Mu Rong family that wants to obtain my World Defying Green dragon."

"I wanted it, but didn’t I give it up later on?" Murong Honglian said while gritting his teeth, he had initially chosen not to be Chen Xiang’s enemy, but he did not expect that he would be hurt so badly.

"Hurry back to the Mu Rong family." Chen Xiang said: "Once you return, I will think of a way to find trouble with the He Clan, at that time, I can let you have your innocence."

"Give me back my innocence?" You make it sound as if I’ve been tainted by you! " Last time, she was really almost done for by Chen Xiang.

"Hurry up and go back, I’m just worried about you!" Chen Xiang laughed.

"Alright, alright, I’ll go back now."

After Murong Honglian finished speaking, she immediately teleported away, leaving the stone room. The only reason she came here was to get away from the Mu Rong family, because the Mu Rong family thought that she would forever be a World Defying Green dragon.

Then, just as she was about to teleport out, Chen Xiang saw that four Slave in Purple Costume s had appeared outside!

"He Clan... "You all..." Just as Murong Honglian finished speaking, the Slave in Purple Costume began to attack, even using extremely ruthless methods.

Murong Honglian immediately used the Time and space power to dodge it. She angrily cursed, "He Huang, you bastard, you actually sent the Slave in Purple Costume to deal with me!"