Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Before, Murong Honglian had guaranteed to Chen Xiang that the Mu Rong family wouldn’t have any hostility towards him, but now that these youths were treating Chen Xiang like that, she was deeply moved, and her heart was filled with rage.

"Listen up, he has already saved me twice. If not for him, I would have been killed by He Huang long ago." Murong Honglian said angrily, waiting for the man.

Thank you for saving us, but you better not get too close with Red Lotus. You are now a common enemy of us World Defying Stage Clan, so we will let you off this time. The middle-aged man said.

"Senior Master... Why did you say that! " Murong Honglian was startled, she never thought that their Mu Rong family would treat Chen Xiang with such an attitude, they obviously wanted to obtain the things on Chen Xiang’s body.

She thought that since Chen Xiang had saved her life twice, her Mu Rong family would definitely be grateful to Chen Xiang and would even protect Chen Xiang and fight against the He Clan.

However, her Martial Uncle’s reaction was out of her expectations. She had never expected that their clan’s elder would be like this!

Chen Xiang was actually very calm, because this kind of situation was completely within his expectations. He understood this kind of power very well, and he had lived for a long time, meeting quite a few these kinds of families, and he had long seen through them.

"I’m leaving!" Although Chen Xiang looked very calm, he was still very angry in his heart. He had saved Murong Honglian twice, and the attitude of the Mu Rong family was actually similar to this.

Chen Xiang teleported away. Murong Honglian wanted to chase after her, but she was stopped by her Senior Master who pressed on her shoulders. He then released his spatial energy to imprison Murong Honglian, preventing her from following.

"Uncle, what are you doing!" Murong Honglian was a little angry, and her tone of voice had already become ice-cold towards her elders.

"You’re not allowed to go!" After which, the two young men shot him a glance.

The two young men immediately teleported away, obviously to chase after Chen Xiang. When Murong Honglian saw them, he was enraged: "You guys want to kill him?"

"The World Defying Green dragon and the Myriad Tao’s treasures are extremely important to our Mu Rong family. Since he is not giving them to us, we can only take them out ourselves." "This is related to the clan’s interests, so don’t let our family’s growth be hindered by your children’s relationship. As long as we have that World Defying Green dragon, it would be easy for us to destroy the entire He Clan. Furthermore, we can also break free from the control of the Myriad Tao’s laws."

After Murong Honglian heard this, she was even more furious, but she was helpless now. She only hoped that Chen Xiang could use that secret method to contact her, and that way she could tell Chen Xiang that there were two people chasing after him.

"Aren’t you afraid that Chen Xiang will use the World Defying Green dragon to kill your two disciples?" Murong Honglian calmed down and thought of Chen Xiang’s ability. Chen Xiang was not weak.

"Don’t underestimate them!" Although they did not cultivate to an unrivalled divine body, they were definitely not weaker than those golden slaves! You have to suffer, the He Clan’s golden slaves are brainless idiots with only brute force, but my two disciples are much stronger than them! "Hong Lian, you must be very tired since you’ve been running around outside. I’ll bring you back to rest." The Senior Master sneered, then took Murong Honglian and teleported away.

After Chen Xiang teleported a distance, he stopped at the top of a mountain and looked down at the beautiful scenery of the mountain range. The scene could calm down the anger he had accumulated just now, otherwise it would be very uncomfortable for him.

After he felt much better, he suddenly felt a trace of spatial energy fluctuations.

"Is it someone from the Mu Rong family?" Chen Xiang frowned, and turned to look.

Just when he turned around, a white light flashed. It was a huge net that appeared out of thin air and covered him. The net covered the entire mountain and then gradually shrank, causing the entire mountain to collapse.

Not long after, Chen Xiang was tightly wrapped by this huge net.

"Is that not the case? It seems like the Fire Dragon can only intimidate us, but it is still too weak to deal with idiots like the He Clan. " A young man appeared in front of Chen Xiang. He was one of Murong Honglian’s previous senior brothers.

"I didn’t expect him to succeed so quickly. It won’t take much effort to get here." Another man dressed in black laughed: "That little girl Hong Lian has done a great job this time. Bring that brat over to us and capture him. He Clan has gone crazy and wants to capture him."

"Your Mu Rong family is not as strong as the He Clan, but your shamelessly ability is still stronger! Do you really think that you would be invincible just because you’re shameless? " Chen Xiang couldn’t help but smile. He wasn’t worried in the slightest.

"Even when you’re about to die, you still have such a cheap mouth. Are you worried that your death might be too quick?" That black clothed man was immediately angered and laughed sinisterly: "Don’t worry, I won’t let you die comfortably. I like to torture people the most, even if I don’t torture them to death there are at least eight thousand."

When Chen Xiang saw the Murong Family members’ faces, the anger that he had just calmed down immediately ignited. He had indeed saved Murong Honglian twice, but the people from the Murong Family had repaid the debt of gratitude!

"I saved Murong Honglian before!" Chen Xiang said coldly: "Could it be that this is the result?"

"So what? Even if you don’t save her, nothing will happen to her. Moreover, you saved her time and time again, and caused the relationship between our Mu Rong family and the He Clan to get worse and worse. "

"That’s right, our Mu Rong family does not plan to become enemies with He Clan at the moment, but you deliberately used the World Defying Green dragon to help Murong Honglian secretly, causing He Clan to think that our Mu Rong family already has the World Defying Green dragon, and created a lot of enmity towards us."

"It seems that your Mu Rong family is just a bunch of cowards!" Chen Xiang mocked: But it’s normal, you guys are born like this, why not a dog, at least a dog would dare to bark at He Clan, and you guys? They only know how to shrink their eggs! "

"How dare you insult our Mu Rong family!" "We, the Mu Rong family, don’t even have the right to talk about people like you. You’re courting death!" The black clothed man was enraged, his face was already fierce, he took out a rod and smashed it towards Chen Xiang.

The moment the pole flew towards Chen Xiang, Chen Xiang’s body suddenly flashed with green light!

Crash! *

The net of white light that tightly wrapped around him was suddenly torn apart by the azure light. Following a dragon’s roar, an azure light shot straight into the sky. The sky immediately surged with billowing clouds, lightning flashed, and thunder rumbled. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Chen Xiang had already escaped from the net, and quickly distanced himself from the two men, controlling the World Defying Green dragon to attack.

"Is this the World Defying Green dragon? Great, today we will personally capture this green dragon. " The black-clothed man was actually very happy.

However, just as he was about to attack, a ball of white light suddenly enveloped them. It was a seal released by Chen Xiang using his Six Realms mirrors.

Feng Ke’er’s seal was extremely terrifying, even Divine Ranked World Defying Stage did not dare to look down on her seal!

After the two men from the Mu Rong family were hit by Feng Ke’er’s sealing power, they, who wanted to attack, were suddenly unable to move!