Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Red Lotus, I won’t blame you this time!" This time, our family has suffered such a huge loss that we need to make up for it! As for you and Chen Xiang’s relationship is not bad, I hope that you can invite him in. "How fast." The Martial Uncle said.

After Murong Honglian heard it, his mouth twitched. He then sat on a chair and said, "You can go now, I’m not going to do this kind of thing. You can all do ungrateful things, but I can’t!"

"Even in death?"

Murong Honglian nodded very resolutely.

"Don’t worry, of course I won’t let you die. Two of our outstanding disciples have already died, so I won’t let you die, but I can let the others die." Senior Master laughed sinisterly: "Although your master, this old trash, has lost all his cultivation, he did, after all, possess a powerful divine body and is still alive, but ... To our family, he’s just a piece of trash. We can let him die. "

Murong Honglian suddenly opened her beautiful eyes, the flames of anger seemed like it was about to spew out.

"You bunch of bastards!" Murong Honglian was so angry that her body started to tremble, "My master once made such a huge contribution to the clan, can you really do such a thing?"

Murong Honglian had already given up all hope on her family. What they had done to Chen Xiang earlier had overturned her understanding of her own family.

"Maintaining him now consumes a lot of resources. Tell me, what is the purpose of him living?" Uncle sneered, "Of course, if you do well, we will let them live well!"

Murong Honglian was so angry that her entire body was trembling.

If you don’t agree, I will immediately bring him here and kill him for you on the spot. At that time, you will blame yourself for your entire life. Don’t forget, if it weren’t for your master’s careful care, you wouldn’t be alive today. Uncle stroked his beard and laughed.

"I promise!" Murong Honglian said: "But you must promise me, once I finish this matter, you will let my master and I leave the Mu Rong family. This kind of family makes one’s heart tremble, I feel that there is no need for me to continue staying here."

"No problem, I can sign the blood contract with you, and I don’t need you to kill Chen Xiang directly, as long as you ’bring’ him in."

Murong Honglian’s expression was ice-cold. She nodded and said, "I will definitely trick him into coming here. Let’s sign the blood contract now!"

Following that, Murong Honglian and her Senior Master signed a blood contract.

"Murong Kai, I want to ask you something!" Murong Honglian no longer called him Senior Master, but directly called him by his name.

"Ask away!" After Murong Kai signed the blood contract, he was very happy, because as long as Chen Xiang was brought in, with the strength of the Mu Rong family’s ancestors, taking down Chen Xiang would not be a problem.

"Is our ancestor really that cold-blooded?" Murong Honglian said.

"We are not cold-blooded. We are doing this for the benefit of the clan." Murong Kai laughed: "Of course, this is not something you need to be concerned about in the future, because you have already decided to break off your relationship with our Murong family!"

"I think you all are doing this not for your families, but for your own benefits, to make yourselves stronger, to free yourselves from the control of the Myriad Tao! Don’t think that I, Murong Honglian, am an idiot. " After Murong Honglian finished speaking, he walked out of the room and quickly left the Mu Rong family’s secret realm.

Chen Xiang had already returned to the Myriad Tao Forest. He took out the Six Realms mirrors, originally wanting to try and see if he could see Murong Honglian again, but he didn’t think that it would actually be possible.

"Little Red Lotus." Chen Xiang laughed and shouted.

Murong Honglian also did not expect that not long after she left the Mu Rong family, Chen Xiang’s voice would sound out in her mind. Previously, she did not know how to find Chen Xiang.

"I’m sorry ... "We, the Mu Rong family, are truly sorry to have treated you like that." Murong Honglian felt extremely guilty. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"It doesn’t matter, since your Murong Family has suffered, I, Chen Xiang will not be easily bullied." After Chen Xiang killed the two fellows, he was in a good mood.

"Where are you? I have something I need to talk to you about. " Murong Honglian asked, she wanted to meet Chen Xiang.

"Did the Mu Rong family let you go to capture me?" Chen Xiang laughed. Seeing Murong Honglian’s eyes flash, he was even more sure about this.

Murong Honglian never thought that Chen Xiang would actually be able to guess at something like this. She remembered all of the deeds that Chen Xiang had done before, and understood that Chen Xiang was definitely a person with a lot of experience.

"Yes, then are you still willing to see me?" Murong Honglian asked.

"Of course not, I’ll wait for you outside Myriad Tao Forest." Chen Xiang was not afraid of Murong Honglian, but he had his own thoughts. Since the Mu Rong family was so ruthless, he would not let them go, but he did not know how he could enter into the Mu Rong family right now.

And Murong Honglian was the only break through!

Murong Honglian came very quickly, and when she saw Chen Xiang, she did not dare come close, for fear that she would scare him away.

"Come over here. You can’t take me down right now." Chen Xiang laughed out loud: "The two idiots from your Mu Rong family who just died are much stronger than you, but wasn’t they still killed by me?"

Murong Honglian approached and said: "I did indeed promise Murong Kai that I would bring you back to the Mu Rong family."

"Who is Murong Kai?" Chen Xiang guessed that it was that Senior Master.

"It’s my senior uncle from before ... Now I don’t recognize him. " Murong Honglian sighed: "I promised him that I would only be forced into a corner, so after I left the Mu Rong family, I wanted to talk to you about this matter, and now, only you can help me."

"Who did he use to threaten you?" Chen Xiang had also encountered this kind of thing before, so he was able to think of it immediately.

"My master... My master was once a Alchemist of the clan and had great contributions to our Mu Rong family. Because when he stepped into Myriad Tao Forest, this damned place, a strange situation had occurred in his body for some reason, causing his Divine Sense Sea to collapse. He can’t use the World Defying Stage Divine Power now, but his Primordial Divine Body is still here. "

Chen Xiang finally understood why Murong Honglian was so afraid of this place.

"Your master is actually a Alchemist, and has also contributed greatly to the Mu Rong family. Now, the Mu Rong family is using him to threaten you, they are really quite evil." Chen Xiang was not surprised.

"Yes, so I made an agreement with them. Once I bring you to the Mu Rong family, they will let me leave with my master." Murong Honglian also knew that as long as he could catch Chen Xiang, it would be extremely difficult, and it would be even more impossible to swindle him.

"Is there a time limit?" Chen Xiang asked again.

"Not really!" Murong Honglian saw that Chen Xiang was thinking about something, so she did not pursue the matter further.

"I can follow you back to the Mu Rong family, but I need to prepare. How about giving me some time?" said, entering the Mu Rong family was something he needed, but he was not strong enough yet, and the Mu Rong family had a powerful ancestor that he could not handle right now.