Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing Chen Xiang agree, although Murong Honglian was happy in her heart, but she was also worried. She was very clear about the strength of the ancestors of the Mu Rong family.

"You really promised to come back with me?" Murong Honglian didn’t know why Chen Xiang agreed. Chen Xiang wasn’t stupid, he could see through a lot of things.

"Yes, but I need some time. How about ten years?" asked. He wasn’t sure how long it would take for him to cultivate the Primordial Divine Body, but he felt that there wouldn’t be any problems within ten years. He could use the power of time to get even more things.

"Alright!" Murong Honglian felt that ten years wasn’t a problem. For World Defying Stage Clan like them who had existed for an eternity, this amount of time wasn’t anything at all.

"You can go back now." Chen Xiang needed to cultivate a World Defying heaven fruit in order to refine this kind of fruit into a World Defying heavenly Dan, and then cultivate this proud divine body.

"If I am ready, I will find a way to contact you! That’s why you need to leave the Mu Rong family’s secret realm from time to time, so that I can see you through my divine artifact. " Chen Xiang added.

"Well, if master and I can get out of the Mu Rong family, I would be very grateful to you." After Murong Honglian left, she also made up her mind to make herself stronger. Otherwise, she wouldn’t know how she would face the Mu Rong family in the future.

She was afraid to take it off [a novel] [yb] [du]. After leaving the Mu Rong family, she would be hunted down by the Mu Rong family.

... ....

After Murong Honglian left, Chen Xiang hurriedly returned to the Myriad Tao Forest. He would be safer there, at least during the time he spent in the Myriad Tao Forest, he did not encounter any kind of fatal danger.

"Are you really planning to go to the Mu Rong family?" Feng Ke’er said.

"Yes, but before we go, you and I must cultivate the Primordial Divine Body!" Chen Xiang said: "In addition, I also need to grasp the trick to using Red fire dragon."

Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors and fused that strange stone inside. If he wanted to release the Red fire dragon, he could only do so through this stone, which he had never tried before.

"Let’s try it now. We must succeed!" This Red fire dragon can bring you very powerful strength. " Feng Ke’er said.

"Of course I know!"

Chen Xiang penetrated the World Defying Stage Divine Power into the Six Realms mirrors and felt the energy from the stone inside. After feeling it, he poured into the Time and space power.

The Six Realms mirrors quickly lit up, and then he released the World Defying Green dragon and let it in.

After the World Defying Green dragon entered, it used the special Time and space power of the stone inside the Six Realms mirrors to teleport outside. The current situation was similar to the last time he was here, last time he let the World Defying Green dragon enter the square shaped board, letting it go to Murong Honglian’s side.

"That’s the feeling!" Chen Xiang was overjoyed, and released the power of the other five beasts.

The power of the five beasts continuously flowed into the Six Realms mirrors, through the strange stone inside the Six Realms mirrors and fused with it, entering into the World Defying Green dragon’s body.

The World Defying Green dragon suddenly roared and flew high into the sky to dance. At this time, the air was already violently surging with clouds, and the World Defying Green dragon had changed, its scales had turned red, and on its back, two streams of flames spewed out a pair of gigantic Suzaku fire wing!

Not long after, the Red fire dragon reappeared, and it was much stronger than before. This was all because he had already cultivated the World Defying Holy Body.

"Red fire dragon!" Chen Xiang looked at the gigantic and mighty flame dragon in the sky and felt the scorching aura from this huge dragon. He couldn’t help but become excited, because this dragon was his.

"It’s a success!" After Feng Ke’er ran out from You Yao Mountain Villa, he was also very happy. "Truly powerful, and very beautiful at that.

Chen Xiang nodded his head, then quickly kept the dragon. There were hidden dangers inside the Myriad Tao Forest, and he was worried that he would attract some powerful beings.

After putting away the Red fire dragon, he immediately headed towards the huge rock where the toad head was and hid inside.

"Now we’ve finally succeeded, I have already grasped the secret of summoning Red fire dragon." Chen Xiang looked at the Six Realms mirrors, liking this Divine Equipment even more. The Six Realms mirrors had accompanied him for many years and had always been of great use to him.

"We will start growing the World Defying heaven fruit now." Chen Xiang looked at a small tree in the You Yao Mountain Villa, then concentrated and released the power of the Time Laws to form a small Time Domain, enveloping that small tree.

Right now, he was using the dual Time Domain, which could shorten a lot of time!

"I should be able to try the Triple time field now!" Chen Xiang had already increased his strength by a lot, he felt that this should not be a problem, it’s just that the consumption would be huge, at that time, he would just have to rest for a while.

Chen Xiang calculated that if he were to use the Triple time field’s coverage, then it would be equivalent to 75 years. This would be extremely fast, and with the Mei Jing Sisters’s nurturing, he should be able to grow it very quickly.

"Teleporting will take a million years for the fruit to mature, but Sijing and Beauty have a special way of growing medicinal herbs, the time should be shortened by around a hundred times, and they should be able to mature within around ten thousand years." DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Chen Xiang was calculating how long it would take for the Triple time field to grow.

"About 130 days. More than four months!" Chen Xiang felt that it was not considered slow now. Originally, it would take millions of years for the plant to mature and grow.

"You’ll know once you try it. If the power of time is only used on a tree, then it shouldn’t consume much energy." Feng Ke’er said.

Previously, when Chen Xiang was using the Time Domain, he had covered him inside, and even covered everything inside the Divine Sense Sea World, so the consumption was extremely huge.

This was because the power of the Time Domain had been scattered and absorbed by a large number of creatures. Now that he was only trying it on a single tree, he felt that it wouldn’t consume much energy.

"I’ll start right now. I can definitely do it!"

Chen Xiang very skillfully released the Time Domain, covering that tree and then released the second stage.

"As expected, the consumption is very small!" After releasing the second stage, Chen Xiang realized that he had consumed very little World Defying Stage Divine Power, so he continued with the third stage.

After the third stage, the consumption of World Defying Stage Divine Power was more obvious, but it wasn’t very fast either.

"It’s a success, and a very easy one at that." Chen Xiang’s face revealed a smile. If this goes on, I will only need about four months before I can obtain the fruit of that tree.