Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The World Defying heaven fruit Tree was extremely rare, and this fruit was obtained from the Myriad Tao Dan God. Previously, Jiang Sijing and Jiang Simei had planted this fruit for a period of time, but it was growing very slowly.

"Meimei, I’ll have to trouble you all for the next few months." Chen Xiang said, because the fruit tree was growing rapidly, it needed to absorb a lot of life force.

Fortunately, Chen Xiang had let them cultivate the World Defying Holy Body previously, so it was relatively easy for them to cultivate it now.

"It’s nothing. We’ve been here for so many years, we’ve already gotten used to it." Jiang Simei laughed.

Chen Xiang often used Time Domain, and his You Yao Mountain Villa was also covered, so they stayed inside for a much longer time than they did outside.

Chen Xiang estimated the consumption of World Defying Stage Divine Power s, and discovered that the consumption was not too big, and he could recover on the way there, so he did not linger, and took the chance to refine Tianyuan holy body Dan.

Three months had passed and Chen Xiang was still concocting pills in the space inside the huge boulder, but he was suddenly awoken by the toad’s head.

"Toad, didn’t you sleep well? Why did you suddenly wake up? " Chen Xiang asked, he did not sense any movements.

"I feel a strong sense of deterrence." The toad solemnly said, "I’m going out to take a look!"

"Is there any danger? $1 $Read $Novels (. (yb) (d) (u).) "Wait a little longer, I will go out with you." Chen Xiang was on good terms with the toad now.

"No need. If there really is a danger, I will have a way to escape. You don’t have to worry about me." As the toad spoke, it tore open a large hole and drilled out, then filled it up again.

Feng Ke’er said worriedly, "I also felt that threat. I wonder what it was sent out."

"He should be fine!" Chen Xiang could only continue refining pills, growing World Defying heaven fruit trees on one side.

"Mm, he’s quite strong." Feng Ke’er loved him dearly.

The toad didn’t come back even after going out for more than ten days, causing Chen Xiang to start worrying about him.

Just as he was about to stop and leave, the toad suddenly came back. However, it was covered in wounds and its body size had also become much smaller. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"Toad, how are you?" Chen Xiang immediately stopped and walked over to the toad. With a weak voice, he said, "When you go out, you must be careful. There’s a very strong fellow coming from outside, I was almost killed by him."

"Is it a human?" Chen Xiang asked.

The toad nodded, then shook its head, "I’m not too sure either. He looks like a human, but he doesn’t give off the impression that he’s a human. You must not go out for now. If you are discovered, it will be very dangerous."

"Are you okay now?" Chen Xiang saw that the toad’s head was severely injured, and all the injuries on its body were caused by sharp objects.

"I’ll be fine after I sleep." The toad fell asleep as soon as it finished its sentence.

Seeing that the toad’s condition had stabilized, Chen Xiang felt more at ease.

"The toad head is not weak, but he was injured this way. What kind of background does that fellow have?" Chen Xiang could not help but think of the He Clan.

He Clan often sent powerful servants to look for energy.

"It can’t be He Clan." Feng Ke’er said: "The servants that He Clan has sent out, even Slave in Purple Costume cannot have a toad’s head as heavy as this, and there is only one toad’s head, so it is impossible for multiple Slave in Purple Costume’s to surround and attack him."

Chen Xiang said: "Myriad Tao Forest is already very mysterious, maybe there are a lot of things hidden inside that we don’t know about, wait until I refine the World Defying heavenly Dan, then we can talk."

Before, Chen Xiang thought that the Myriad Tao Forest was very safe, but now, this fellow that appeared out of nowhere made him feel uneasy.

After he calmed himself down, Chen Xiang continued to plant his World Defying heaven fruit. After more than a month had passed, the fruit tree had already ripened and ten World Defying heaven fruit grew out.

"I’ve finally succeeded." The time was similar to what Chen Xiang had estimated previously.

After he succeeded, he planned to go out and relax.

After he left the boulder, he immediately felt a powerful presence rush over from the distance.

"There’s a very strong guy over there ..." Just as Chen Xiang wanted to go over to take a look, he sensed another similarly powerful aura coming from the other side.

Following that, wave after wave of powerful auras surged over from all directions, and many such powerful things actually appeared in the Myriad Tao Forest.

"Looks like I can’t walk around here anymore." Chen Xiang immediately left the Myriad Tao Forest and returned to it.

He was only at Dan God Mysterious Land and did not head there. He was worried that the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain would be under strict surveillance by the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain and the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect and that it would be troublesome if they found out that he was inside.

After all, with the appearance of the World Defying Stage Clan, those World Defying Stage Clan s would definitely hope to obtain his World Defying Green dragon and Myriad Tao’s treasure.

"Qilian, are you alright here?" Chen Xiang took out his Communication jade Symbol paper and sent a message to Lv Qilian.

Everything is fine. We have fought with the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain and the other World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect a few times already, but they have always been unable to obtain any benefits from us. Lv Qilian responded: "They really want to capture us right now, but we won’t let them succeed."

"That’s good... Oh right, you sent someone over to help me refine some Tianyuan holy body Dan. " Chen Xiang replied: "I’m not going back to Hundreds of Flowers Village."

There was the aura of a World Defying Green dragon on his body, the He Clan had ways to use this aura to find him.

"Alright!" Lv Qilian said.

She told Little Lizhi and Xiao Baifeng to come over, and after Chen Xiang passed them a box of Tianyuan holy body Dan, they left the Dan God Mysterious Land in a hurry.

When Chen Xiang arrived outside the Myriad Tao Forest, he wanted to see if the He Clan was able to find out his whereabouts at any time.

"I will release the World Defying Green dragon to take a look!" Chen Xiang released the World Defying Green dragon and let it emit waves of Qi.

In less than an hour, he could already feel several auras appearing.

"It’s the people from the He Clan, one of them even managed to cultivate the Primordial Divine Body, it’s so strong!" Chen Xiang immediately teleported to the Myriad Tao Forest.

... ....

When an old man from the He Clan arrived, he snorted coldly, "How did this guy know that we are unable to enter the Myriad Tao Forest?"

He Huang said: "Murong Honglian’s relationship with him is not bad, and the last time I released the aura of the World Defying Green dragon, Murong Honglian was already together with him! did not obtain the World Defying Green dragon, but her relationship with Chen Xiang was not bad, so Chen Xiang secretly released the World Defying Green dragon to help her! "