Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang took the World Defying heaven fruit in his hands and laughed: "I feel much better now. Previously, this guy always wanted to bite me, but now, it seems like his teeth have been pulled out."

The fruit in Chen Xiang’s hand started to sway, but was held tightly by Chen Xiang, and was unable to escape his grasp.

"But the surface is still very firm. I feel like you can’t burn it directly with fire." Feng Ke’er replied: "You’ll know once you try."

Chen Xiang first used the Heavenly magic sword to cut it down.

Then, he threw the fruit into the Tianchuang furnace and used a blazing flame to burn it!

"Why would it still consume?" When Chen Xiang saw that the flames he released were immediately engulfed, he shouted out in shock.

"I only destroyed the Spirit grain on the surface. There are many Spirit grain inside this fruit, so it’s very difficult to destroy them." Feng Ke’er said: "Even if it is destroyed, it can regenerate very quickly."

"Rapid regeneration?" Chen Xiang was puzzled: "Didn’t they destroy the Spirit grain? can Spirit grain also be reborn? "

"The Spirit grain s inside are all made up of the tiny tendons of the fruit itself. These tendons are the Spirit grain s, so even if I break through, I’ll still be a complete Spirit grain after I revive." Feng Ke’er said: "However, the Spirit grain on the surface is not like that. Although the Spirit grain on the surface is made up of a part of the fruit itself, I sealed a small part of it and it caused the entire Spirit grain to lose its effectiveness! But I can only seal it. "It’s just on the surface, but it’s not on the inside."

Therefore, it was not as simple as Chen Xiang had imagined it to be. If he wanted to continue refining, it would be very difficult.

"What’s the use of damaging the Spirit grain s on the surface?" Chen Xiang asked again.

"This fruit will not be able to release the power that will stop your Time and space power." Feng Ke’er said: "You’ll know once you try!"

Chen Xiang tried it and sure enough, the flame could be poured directly into the fruit through the air and then burn it inside. However, the fruit would still swallow and absorb his fire, which was why refining the fire from the inside failed.

"There’s another way!" Chen Xiang still planned to use the power of space. It was just that he did not seep his flames inside, but rather used space to divide the fruit into four parts.

He tried it, and instantly succeeded. The barrier that was blocking the Time and space power on the surface of the World Defying heaven fruit had lost its effectiveness, so he could very successfully use space slicing to separate space.

"Xiao Ke’er, seal a portion of it, so that this part of the fruit cannot be related to the other three parts. This way, you can cut off the formation of the Spirit grain inside them." Chen Xiang said.

"Alright!" Feng Ke’er also thought that Chen Xiang’s method was very good, and immediately released a seal.

After sealing a part of it, Chen Xiang threw these three parts of the fruit inside the Tianchuang furnace, and then used fire to refine them.

This time, he finally made some headway. At least his flames were not being devoured.

Although he was not engulfed, his progress was very slow. Fortunately, he was able to use the Time Domain to envelop him, allowing him to shorten the instantaneous change from the outside.

Burning the three pieces of fruit flesh took him a whole three months to succeed. Now, the three pieces of fruit flesh had turned into many tiny crystals and a mist, floating in the midst of the Tianchuang furnace.

"You can release the sealed part now." Chen Xiang said. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

After releasing Feng Ke’er’s portion of the energy, Chen Xiang immediately grabbed the opportunity to burn it, because he was getting closer and closer to success.

It took him an entire month to burn a portion of the fruit.

"I’ve finally reached this step." Chen Xiang relaxed a lot at this time and let out a long sigh.

There were still a lot of things that needed to be done, and all of them were not easy!

"It’s beginning to fuse!" Chen Xiang fused all of the tiny Medicine crystal and the mist inside, and through the power of Feng Ke’er’s seal, quickly formed a large silver-white crystal.

Then, he used the derivation technique to make the crystal produce nine and a half times the size of small crystals. This took him a whole year!

"The process is really long!" Feng Ke’er sighed.

"The effects of this pill are so strong that it’s a must. It’s not easy to concoct at all, so I might need more time." Chen Xiang was not planning to go against them anymore. He was very clear that he did not have the strength to do so after he had gained the upperhand from the current situation.

Thus, he was able to directly fuse them together!

Nine and a half crystals were produced, fusing together with the original body and improving the quality greatly. Finally, it would have to be compressed into a very small pill.

"Xiao Ke’er, thank you for your hard work." Chen Xiang said.

"It’s nothing. Just remember, in the future, just help me refine one. I also need to cultivate a very powerful divine body." Feng Ke’er laughed. She worked really hard, because it was very difficult to fuse them together and it was even harder to compress them into a very small pellet.

All of this required her to release a very strong sealing power to carry out.

would only be assisting him in this later stage, as transferring his own World Defying Stage Divine Power into Feng Ke’er’s sealing power would be able to reduce his energy consumption.

"You pill refining boy!" I can’t even do what you can do. " Chen Xiang laughed bitterly. If not for Feng Ke’er, he would not even have used the derivation method, because he would never have been able to fuse it and condense it into a pill.

After Feng Ke’er released the sealing power, he started to integrate it. His progress was slow, and it would take a lot of time.

The amount of time needed to condense the pellet was beyond Chen Xiang’s expectations. It actually took two full years, and it only added up to more than three years. Of course, outside, only forty to fifty days had passed.

"Motherf * cker, can this pill really allow one to cultivate an unrivalled divine body?" As Chen Xiang held the World Defying heavenly Dan that was shining with a silvery light, he couldn’t help but become excited.

Even if it was those World Defying Stage Clan s, it would still be difficult for their own young disciples to cultivate and reach the Primordial Divine Body. Otherwise, a person with a great power like He Huang would have cultivated the Primordial Divine Body long ago.

However, the He Clan had been searching for a way, so their slaves that were wearing the Slave in Purple Costume clothes might have come out from the experiment.

"Let’s eat them." Feng Ke’er urged, she was even more agitated than Chen Xiang at the moment.

"En!" Chen Xiang did not remove his spatial domain. He was worried that he would need a longer time to refine it.

After eating the World Defying heavenly Dan, Chen Xiang immediately felt himself enter a very comfortable state. A faint silvery-white glow flowed out from the surface of his body and wisps of smoke curled up into the air.

As Feng Ke’er watched from the side, he could not help but turn pale from shock: "The Spirit grain inside that fruit has not been completely refined, and is currently still appearing within his body. This kind of pill is indeed not simple, who knows what kind of method he will use to cultivate the Primordial Divine Body?"