Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Cai placed his hand on the stone wall, and after he closed his eyes, he nodded his head: "They are fighting, but you don’t have to worry, it won’t affect us here. The place you have chosen is pretty good, and the formations are very beautiful, those idiots will definitely not be able to discover this place."

"Right, are you the one who set up these powerful formations?" Chen Cai looked at Chen Xiang curiously: "You don’t look like someone who knows how to arrange formations, you don’t have the aura of a Spirit grain either."

Feng Ke’er laid on Chen Xiang’s shoulder, curled his lips and said: "It was all arranged by this lady, do I not have the aura of a Spirit grain on my body?"

Chen Cai found it even more interesting: "Really, not a single bit. This is indeed very strange, awesome!"

After being praised, Feng Ke’er was secretly happy in his heart, his attitude towards Chen Cai was much better.

"Sit down, let’s have a good chat. I really have no ill intentions." Chen Cai took out a table for Chen Xiang and his sister to sit.

Just as Chen Xiang was about to put away the Heavenly magic sword, he saw Chen Cai anxiously shouting, "Don’t put it away first, let me see!"

Chen Xiang hesitated for a moment, then handed the Heavenly magic sword over.

"This sword itself is pretty good, but it’s too weak. Later on, it was destroyed, causing the Spirit grain inside to lose their effectiveness. Right now, use the Myriad Tao Divine Soil to make the Spirit grain s inside perfectly fit each other, and also increase the strength of the sword." Chen Cai caressed the Heavenly magic sword and said.

$1 $Read $Novels (. (yb) (d) (u).) Chen Xiang and Feng Ke’er hurriedly nodded, the situation with the Heavenly magic sword was indeed like that.

"Isn’t that good? We do not have many Myriad Tao Divine Soil s, so we can only use a small dot to rub it. " Although Feng Ke’er was aware of the Myriad Tao Divine Soil’s benefits, she herself wasn’t very clear about how to use them either.

"You just applied it onto the sword after heating it up. Although it can make the sword’s strength increase, this is a relatively simple usage, but there is still a better use, which is to refine the Myriad Tao Divine Soil into the sword, and then completely fuse with the Spirit grain inside the sword, allowing the energy of the Myriad Tao Divine Soil to transform into the Spirit grain. This way, the sword can increase even more, and become even more sturdy." After Chen Cai finished speaking, his two fingers suddenly turned gold, flashing with a burst of golden light.

He used two fingers to hold onto the sword blade, and then rolled it over. He saw that between his fingers, there was a bit of a pale gold thing, and it was actually Myriad Tao Divine Soil.

"You took down the Myriad Tao Divine Soil!" Feng Ke’er said in shock.

"Yes, I’ll teach you how to use the Myriad Tao Divine Soil!" Chen Cai laughed, "Although I’m not very good at it myself, I feel that I can use it better than you."

After he finished speaking, he pinched the tip of the sword and released a golden light that enveloped the blade.

In just a few moments, the blade of the sword was enveloped by this golden light.

"Let’s go!" With a soft shout, the golden light around the sword disappeared, and the sword turned red. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Chen Xiang had already seen that the golden light that Chen Cai had released was that of a World Defying god fire, and it was extremely special as well. Just now, he had used a very short amount of time to burn the sword’s body red.

"Now, I will refine the Myriad Tao Divine Soil into the sword!" Chen Cai stopped smiling and turned serious. He smeared the Myriad Tao Divine Soil that he just took off onto the two sides of the sword once again, and then used his palm to continuously hit the sword, releasing a very powerful force every time it hit the sword. However, the force of the impact just hit the sword and disappeared.

He very accurately controlled the impact and used it to strike the two sides of the sword blade, inserting the Myriad Tao Divine Soil on the surface into the sword blade.

Bang bang bang, he kept hitting the sword body, it took him a whole hour to stop, and the Heavenly magic sword that was originally red also started to fade.

"Alright!" Chen Cai returned the Heavenly magic sword to Chen Xiang, and laughed: "Looks like it’s better than what you had before!"

After Feng Ke’er received it, he took a careful look at it and nodded: "It’s too much, you’re really awesome!"

"You’re too kind!" Chen Cai laughed: "Oh right, why are you guys hiding here?"

Chen Cai’s nose moved and said: "There is a very strange smell. This smell must have come from some plants!"

"We’ve finished eating the fruit here." Feng Ke’er said. Since Chen Xiang could refine such a powerful pill, she would definitely not talk about this kind of thing.

"What’s the situation up there?" Chen Xiang asked: "We have been here for quite some time, we do not know the situation up here."

"The Heaven Old Orcs is fighting on top, fighting until their heads bled in order to become the Human Emperor. They are really a group of simple-minded people." Chen Cai shook his head and laughed: "I felt bored and decided to walk around. I didn’t think that I would actually be able to find you guys, it’s really rare to meet humans in this world."

"How did the Heaven Old Orcs appear? A large group suddenly appeared." Feng Ke’er asked.

The main reason is that a large amount of stones fell from the Myriad Tao, and we were sealed inside those stones before, we were the weaker Heaven Old Orcs, so we were sent here, and our goal was to rule over this place. It was just that, I never thought that once everyone broke the seal on this place, they would start fighting for the territory, and now that the competition for the highest position of the Human Emperor was almost over. Chen Cai said.

"You all can’t leave this Myriad Tao Forest? Are you all restricted to one area? " Chen Xiang asked.

Yes, this is mainly due to the restriction of the law of this world, we are still unable to leave this place, but after a period of time, it will be fine, because once the Human Emperor is born, everyone will contribute a part of their power to the Human Emperor, and he will be able to break through the restriction of the law, and then we will be able to leave this place. Chen Cai said.

"How many people like you in Heaven Old Orcs? You look peaceful. Why are they so cruel? " Feng Ke’er scoffed, "You made a mess here. We were almost killed by a golden-furred old man earlier."

"Is this the golden-haired old man?" This fellow has a very high chance of becoming the Human Emperor! " Chen Cai laughed out loud: "I am a weirdo within the Heaven Old Orcs, I did not want to come, but my cultivation is too low, so I was thrown in here! Our goal is to destroy the laws of the Myriad Tao, as for whether or not we can succeed, I am not concerned at all. "

Originally, Chen Xiang wanted to go up and take a look, but he felt that it was no longer necessary.

He took out the Six Realms mirrors, wanting to see if he could contact Murong Honglian. He decided to make a trip to the Mu Rong family.

"Little Red Lotus!" Chen Xiang saw that Murong Honglian was in the forest outside of the Mu Rong family mansion and shouted.

"Chen Xiang... How have you been? Myriad Tao Forest is very dangerous, are you still inside? " After waiting for a long time, Murong Honglian’s voice finally appeared in her mind.