Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

When Murong Honglian was in the Mu Rong family, he also found out what happened in the Myriad Tao Forest. There were many powerful Heaven Old Orcs that suddenly appeared, and all sorts of intense battles broke out, causing a huge commotion that could be seen from the outside of the Myriad Tao Forest.

"You also know the situation in Myriad Tao Forest?" Chen Xiang thought about it, and felt that the Mu Rong family still paid more attention to the Myriad Tao Forest. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"Several World Defying Stage Clan s had met to discuss the situation inside the Myriad Tao Forest ... He Clan knows a lot about the situation inside, so he has to listen to He Clan’s advice this time. " Murong Honglian said: "I am not too sure about the specifics, I only know that a lot of powerful people suddenly appeared and are fighting inside."

"I was worried that something might have happened to you inside!"

Chen Xiang laughed: "How could I have gotten into trouble that easily ... "By the way, how is your Mu Rong family now?"

Previously, he had agreed with Murong Honglian that he would return to the Mu Rong family with her within ten years and ask her to save his master, but it had only been two years now. Murong Honglian was not in a rush, so she didn’t bring up this matter.

"The Mu Rong family is still the same as ever. They saw that I often stayed at their house so they urged me to bring you back within 20 years to let them take the World Defying Green dragon and Myriad Tao treasures from your hands." Murong Honglian sighed.

"In that case, you’re not in a rush to deal with your master right now, right? I haven’t prepared enough yet, so in a few years time." Chen Xiang said.

"En, if possible, you can contact me. I will be staying in the forest outside of the Mu Rong family’s residence. There will be people from the Mu Rong family patrolling the area, so it will be quite safe." Murong Honglian said: "This way, you can contact me more often."

Chen Xiang had already planned to follow Murong Honglian to the Mu Rong family after cultivating the Primordial Divine Body, but now that he had other plans, he felt that he wasn’t prepared enough.

"Alright, I will contact you when the time comes."

Chen Xiang put away the Six Realms mirrors and then took out a small piece of Myriad Tao Divine Soil.

He had previously searched for the Myriad Tao Divine Soil in this Myriad Tao Forest, and obtained this from the He Clan’s hands. However, he didn’t know that the He Clan had been snatched away by him, but he did know that their Slave in Purple Costume had found the Myriad Tao Divine Soil.

When Chen Cai saw Chen Xiang take out the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, he said in shock, "You actually have quite a few Myriad Tao Divine Soil s? Where did you get them from?"

Chen Xiang laughed: "I found it inside this Myriad Tao Forest. It’s hidden inside a rock. The Heaven Old Orcs on top of it fight a lot.

Chen Cai shook his head and sighed: "Those barbarians do not recognize this good stuff, it will only be wasted in their hands. Although a small piece of Myriad Tao Divine Soil like you is quite small, you can actually refine very strong weapons."

Chen Xiang had also just seen that Chen Cai was more proficient in using Myriad Tao Divine Soil’s Artifact Forging and had used it better than Feng Ke’er, which was why he had intentionally brought it out.

"Can you refine it as strong as that needle?" Chen Xiang was extremely envious of Feng Ke’er’s golden needle. It was just that he needed something even bigger to be as big as a sword. This would allow him to easily break through’s defense in battle.

Feng Ke’er’s needles were not only sharp, they could also easily penetrate various kinds of energy barriers. They had good defense, but they were a little too small.

Chen Xiang asked Feng Ke’er to take out the golden needle, but she did not give it to Chen Cai. This was her treasure, but the gold was very precious, so she did not trust Chen Cai at all.

"Such a powerful thing!" Chen Cai took a glance before taking a deep breath and praising.

"Good eye." When Feng Ke’er had first shown Chen Xiang, he did not manage to recognize it at all. It was only when his own divine weapon had been pierced by this needle that he realized how powerful it was.

"With just a twitch of your beard, can you make that sword become as powerful as this needle?" Feng Ke’er asked.

"It is difficult to be as powerful as it is, but getting close to this needle shouldn’t be a problem. It’s just that... It’s just that I don’t have enough materials. " Chen Cai felt that it was a little regretful: "This needle of yours is very scary, it can be said to be able to destroy everything. To refine a sword to this extent, not only the ingredients, it also requires a lot of time."

"I know, what materials do you need?" Chen Xiang felt that if he had this sword, he would be able to defeat even enemies stronger than him.

During battle, when both parties were at the same level of strength, if the opponent used the World Defying Stage Divine Power to form a very strong defensive barrier, it would be very difficult to break it.

"Myriad Tao Divine Soil is enough, it’s just that the amount in your hands is too little." Chen Cai stroked his beard, and shook his head: "There are a lot of Myriad Tao Divine Soil that are required, and at least a hundred times more than what you have."

"If there is, how long do you think you will need to be able to refine it?" Chen Xiang asked again.

"About a hundred years!" Chen Cai said, he also wanted to refine such a powerful item, but he did not have the materials.

"I can get the materials, can you guarantee your success?" Chen Xiang had tried to refine a small piece of the Myriad Tao Divine Soil with Feng Ke’er before by using a derivation method.

Now, if he wanted to gather the required ingredients, he could only use a very long time to refine them. He felt that if he were to use the Time Domain, it would be able to shorten a lot of time.

"Can you really get it?" Chen Cai could not believe it. After all, this was the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, and although he did not need much, it was still very difficult to obtain.

Chen Xiang weighed the little Myriad Tao Divine Soil in his hand. Although it was small, it was still one kilogram heavy. If it was 100 times, it would be one hundred kilograms.

"It’s true!" Chen Xiang smiled. He was very confident.

"Alright, if you really can get that many Myriad Tao Divine Soil s, I am willing to help you refine them. Furthermore, I can also add some materials that I have collected to strengthen your sword." Chen Cai didn’t know why, but he actually believed in Chen Xiang all of a sudden. (TL: UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU)))

"Many thanks!" Chen Xiang laughed.

"I’ll go out for a while, put my materials somewhere else ..." Alright, I intend to borrow some from the barbarians. " Chen Cai chuckled, and then left.

Chen Xiang looked at the small piece of Myriad Tao Divine Soil in his hand and said, "With my current strength, I should be able to produce at least a Jin after refining the Inherent Skill and Crash method together. As long as I refine it a hundred times, it would be enough."

The last time he was refining the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, he had only used a derivation method. At that time, he was not strong enough and did not dare to use the Crash method, but now, both he and Feng Ke’er had already cultivated the Primordial Divine Body!

"It will definitely work!" Feng Ke’er was also restless. A powerful Divine Weapon was about to appear very quickly.