Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Feng Ke’er had wanted Chen Xiang to refine the Myriad Tao Divine Soil a long time ago, so now that Chen Xiang had made this plan, she was extremely happy and immediately felt a lot of motivation.

"Let’s begin now!" Chen Xiang took out the Tianchuang furnace, placed the cluster of Myriad Tao Divine Soil into the cauldron, and released the World Defying god fire to begin refining. At this moment, his World Defying god fire had also become much more resplendent, his divine flame was already close to the Large Success Realm.

Refining a Myriad Tao Divine Soil still required a bit of time, especially when using the derivation method and the Crash method.

Previously, when he was refining the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, it was only a small amount of time, but now he was refining a small ball, which was a lot more than before.

"I wonder if it will be as difficult as refining a World Defying heavenly Dan!" The usage of the Myriad Tao Divine Soil was huge, and it was an extremely strong material, so the difficulty would definitely be no less than that of the World Defying heavenly Dan.

The last time he was refining this little, he was unable to execute Crash method, and could only use the derivation method!

"I will definitely succeed. I still have the power of the Six Divine Beasts in my body to borrow!" Chen Xiang closed his eyes and released the flames to burn.

He had previously had the experience of being able to successfully refine one, so right now, his refining process was much smoother.

Just as he had expected, because there were too many Myriad Tao Divine Soil s who could refine a single pill, refining a single pill was a little difficult. At this stage of the refining process, it was already difficult for him.

However, he would not give up. The harder it was, the better it would be for him!

"You should be able to handle it." Feng Ke’er said.

"No problem, it’s just that it will take more time. I’ve already endured during the refining of the World Defying heavenly Dan previously, so there’s no need to talk about this." Chen Xiang laughed, then wiped off his sweat: "You rest first, it’ll be hard on you later when you get there."

really liked refining Myriad Tao Divine Soil s. No matter how hard it was, she would be willing to refine it.

took about ten months to finish refining the crystal and another month to finish refining it. By using the derivation method, he took half a year to produce the small crystal.

When they collided, he was very hesitant, he was worried that he would not be able to handle it, but in the end he still tried, because Feng Ke’er was here.

Feng Ke’er’s sealing power was still very strong, but now that she had stepped into the Divine s, he was more at ease.

After a series of collisions, he and Feng Ke’er finally managed to suppress the power that had instantly exploded out!

"I’ve finally passed this stage!" Chen Xiang heaved a long sigh. This trial required the shortest amount of time, but it was the hardest, because the power that was unleashed in an instant was extremely strong. If he could not control it, even if the furnace did not explode, it would still fail, and waste the Myriad Tao Divine Soil s.

"Mm, next I just need to fuse and compress it." Feng Ke’er was also relieved, the next step was for her to use the power of the seal to compress it.

The process was very arduous and required a long time. Chen Xiang also began to rest at this time.

After a period of time had passed, Feng Ke’er felt a sense of relief and happily shouted, "It’s finally done!"

Chen Xiang immediately took out the refined Myriad Tao Divine Soil. He hefted it in his hand and said in pleasant surprise: "It actually weighs three catties, one catty can be refined into three catties, it is much better than what I imagined."

"Mm, in this way, you don’t need to refine for that long." nodded. Previously, when he estimated that a jin could already produce two jin of pill, he already thought that it was pretty good.

Right now, it was out of his expectations, much more than he had expected.

"It took me close to three years. Fortunately, with the Time Domain, it has only been a month outside. I have to continue refining it fifty times." Chen Xiang thought about what he had to do next and felt a headache.

"Be contented, after all these years of trying, I still can’t find you, and you only need to put in a bit of effort to refine it, but it’s still so many. If those fellows above Myriad Tao were to find out, they would definitely be jealous to death." Feng Ke’er was very happy, she had always liked to do this kind of thing.

"Alright, Chen Cai hasn’t come yet, let’s continue refining!"

For the rest of the time, Chen Xiang and Feng Ke’er continued to refine Myriad Tao Divine Soil s day and night. With Feng Ke’er accompanying them in refining, Chen Xiang would not feel that it was boring, and would occasionally tell Feng Ke’er jokes or pinch her cute cheeks.

Time passed quickly, and soon, several years had passed .... As for Chen Xiang who used the Time Domain, he had already survived more than a hundred years, and had finally gathered a hundred kilograms worth of Myriad Tao Divine Soil.

During this period of time, Chen Cai had come twice, both times to tell Chen Xiang to wait patiently. He already knew that Chen Xiang had a way to refine the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, and when he confirmed this matter, he almost kneeled down. He was very clear on the value of the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, but Chen Xiang had a way to make the Myriad Tao Divine Soil come out endlessly.

Chen Xiang and Feng Ke’er could finally rest. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

After they had rested for about ten days, Chen Cai came again!

"I’ve collected my materials too. Where is your Myriad Tao Divine Soil? Are you ready? " Chen Cai looked to be much more excited than Feng Ke’er and Chen Xiang, because he was prepared to refine an extremely terrifying divine tool.

"Look!" Chen Xiang took out a jade case, and laughed: "Are these Myriad Tao Divine Soil enough?!"

"Enough is enough. Who knows, there might still be some left." When Chen Cai saw these Myriad Tao Divine Soil, he nearly couldn’t catch his breath, and laughed happily: "Next, in just a hundred years, I’ll be able to refine an extremely powerful divine sword for you."

Chen Xiang couldn’t wait for more than a hundred years, and there were only three or so years until the agreement between him and Murong Honglian.

"When you are refining, do you need to absorb the Myriad Tao’s power outside to refine it?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No need, I only need time. You can wait a hundred years, right?" Chen Cai was also a fellow who had lived for many years, so he had no concept of time.

"I can’t wait!" How about this, I’ll let you enter a Time Formation. Your time inside is different from my time outside. " Chen Xiang said: "Even so, I will not have to wait for long."

"Sure!" Chen Cai felt that it didn’t matter anymore. As long as he could refine treasures, he could do it anywhere. Not everyone would have the chance to refine so many Myriad Tao Divine Soil s in one go.

Chen Xiang allowed him to enter the Six Realms mirrors, then used the power of time, and even used dual Time Domain s. Like this outside for a day, it was almost three years inside, and outside for approximately two months, it had been a hundred years inside.