Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang used the power of time to cover a person’s body, the consumption of energy was not too big, furthermore, he did not want to do anything else.

"If you succeed, when you have time in the future, make more Myriad Tao Divine Soil s. When that time comes, refine a thing that cannot be pierced with needles." Feng Ke’er said, Chen Xiang did not know why she was so bitterly chasing after him.

"Hm!" Which one of my Heavenly magic sword s is stronger than your golden needle? " Chen Xiang laughed.

"It should be my golden needle. Because my golden needle is relatively small, it shouldn’t be a problem to pierce through your Heavenly magic sword." Feng Ke’er smiled tenderly: "When the time comes, you better not try it or else if it breaks, you and I will be busy these past few days for nothing." FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Of course Chen Xiang did not dare to try, even if he wanted to, he would have to wait until he got back to the Mu Rong family to try again.

Very quickly, a month had passed. When Chen Xiang let Chen Cai come out of the Six Realms mirrors and saw how happy Chen Cai was, he knew that he had already succeeded.

"Here, take a look for yourself!" Chen Cai carefully handed the Heavenly magic sword over to Chen Xiang, and warned him, "You better not randomly try to hack at your own things, or else your heart will ache very badly."

Chen Xiang found a relatively useless divine weapon, and gently cut through it!

Afterwards, he took out another World Defying heaven fruit and lightly cut it in half! Previously, his Heavenly magic sword could only leave a little mark on that World Defying heaven fruit, but now, it could be as simple as cutting a fruit.

"The improvement is really huge!" Chen Xiang was very happy. This sword could make his strength stronger.

"I wonder if I can break that golden needle!" Chen Xiang really wanted to try it out.

"Don’t ever try it. That needle is very powerful. If you go and hack at it, you might damage the sword." Hearing Chen Xiang’s words, Chen Cai immediately became anxious.

This made Chen Xiang feel quite disappointed, because Chen Cai did not have much confidence in allowing this sword to surpass the needle.

"Yes, my golden needles are still very strong. In the case that I’m not too sure, it’s better not to randomly try." Feng Ke’er said.

"If you want to try, go up there and try, there are a few barbarian beastmen who claim that their bodies are very strong, hehe ..." Chen Cai laughed.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang felt that this Chen Cai was definitely not weak, otherwise he would not be able to run up and down the tower looking for the materials.

"Come, let’s go up." Chen Cai brought Chen Xiang to the ground.

What surprised Chen Xiang was that after he came to this place, he didn’t feel like he was in the Myriad Tao Forest at all!

The Myriad Tao Forest from before was a scene of devastation and devastation. It was a desolate place, but it was now a grasslands filled with greenery. There were even some tall mountains in the distance, making it seem as if the world had turned upside down.

"Is this really a Myriad Tao Forest?" Chen Xiang exclaimed, there was even a large forest in the distance.

"Of course, this piece of Myriad Tao Forest has already been modified, it has become pretty good. After all, there is a large group of Heaven Old Orcs living here, and amongst these Heaven Old Orcs, there are a few who are more human-like, able to transform this place so beautifully." Chen Cai chuckled: "Now, I’ll take you to find that guy who thinks that the scales on his body are indestructible."

Although Chen Cai was a weirdo within the Heaven Old Orcs, he did not seem to be afraid of the Heaven Old Orcs at all. The light carriage brought Chen Xiang to the side of a large river with many stone houses built beside it.

Once Chen Xiang arrived, many Heaven Old Orcs s rushed out from the stone hut.

"Human!" Chen Cai, you actually brought a human back! "

"It looks soft and tender, but it definitely tastes good. Sell it to me!"

"How much is an arm?"

"I prefer thighs. I want a thigh!"

"I want it too..."

Chen Xiang saw that this group of Heaven Old Orcs were dressed very impressively, but the words that came out of their mouths made him feel cold. He suddenly felt that in the eyes of these Heaven Old Orcs, he was like a delicious cake.

"Enough of you, he is my friend." Chen Cai snorted: "I won’t even give you a single hair. If you guys want to eat it, then eat it, what’s so good about human meat?

Hearing Chen Cai’s words, Chen Xiang could not help but shiver. After all, he had been with Chen Cai for a period of time, but Chen Cai actually dared to say such to his flesh, making him feel like Chen Cai had the intention to eat him.

"Bastard, do you want to eat me?" Chen Xiang immediately sent a sound transmission to him and asked.

"How is that possible? "What’s so good about you? I said it to trick these idiots." Chen Cai replied.

This group of Heaven Old Orcs s did not really believe Heaven Old Orcs’s words. Right now, they were looking at Chen Xiang like hungry wolves looking at a little white sheep.

Chen Cai was also extremely cautious along the way as he shouted, "All of you better stay far away from me, or else I will kill all of you ..."

Seeing this group of hungry Heaven Old Orcs, Chen Xiang’s heart was a mess. He did not dare look at them in the eyes.

"Give me a finger to try it..."

"Scram!" Chen Cai bellowed: "If you want to die, then immediately scram over. I haven’t eaten anything in a long time!"

Chen Cai was a little imposing here, but when they saw him angry, the group of Heaven Old Orcs s immediately jumped back into their stone houses.

Chen Xiang was finally relieved. Although these Heaven Old Orcs had the appearance of a human, they were still the heart of a beast, and he felt that Chen Cai was a strange existence in the Heaven Old Orcs.

Chen Cai brought Chen Xiang and flew across the river, arriving at the other side.

The buildings on the other side of the river looked much more high-class than the ones on the other side. Although Chen Xiang had caused a bit of a commotion when he arrived, none of the Heaven Old Orcs s said that they wanted to eat him.

"You have to remain calm. You are a human, and they are wild beasts. That is why they are acting this way." Chen Cai replied: "With me here, you don’t have to worry."

Chen Xiang thought about it, and felt that it was understandable. After all, he had fallen into a herd of beasts by himself, and these beasts all liked to eat meat.

"The guy over there looks really amazing. He’s very different from the guy over there." Chen Xiang said, the Heaven Old Orcs at the side did not look as noble as them.

"Of course, only the strong can live here, and the Heaven Old Orcs here likes it to be quiet, whoever dares to make a ruckus here, will be torn apart alive." Chen Cai’s words gave Chen Xiang a fright, for it to be the same against its own kind.

He started to worry. If this Myriad Tao Forest’s barrier was broken open, after this group of Heaven Old Orcs had left, it could be imagined!

"I feel like a lamb... I wonder if they will still look at me like this after I show my strength. "

That was why he had this kind of thought. In the wild beasts, only the strong were respected, and they acknowledged the strong even more than humans.