Not only did the Heaven Old Orcs want to eat Chen Xiang, they also looked down on a human like Chen Xiang. Of course, in the Heaven Old Orcs, even if they were the same kind, as long as they were weak, they would only be tasty food.

"Don’t worry, if you’re really that capable, these guys wouldn’t dare to do anything to you!" Look at them, they don’t dare to come here right now, mainly because they’re afraid of me. " Chen Cai sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang. He was worried that Chen Xiang would become crazy because of this.

"It’s fine. Even if you’re not here, I’m not too worried." Since Chen Xiang had cultivated the Primordial Divine Body, he wasn’t afraid of these Heaven Old Orcs right now. He could just use the power of space to avoid them.

After Chen Cai and Chen Xiang crossed the bridge, they walked along the river and arrived at a large stone house by the river. The outside of the stone house was surrounded by many stone walls.

"Are the guys inside very strong?" Chen Xiang asked softly. Since he had come here, and there were no Heaven Old Orcs s nearby, he must be afraid of the owner of the stone hut, which was why he did not dare come here.

"Yeah, he’s very strong. Even I’m a bit afraid of him." Chen Cai nodded his head: "This guy had once fought with many other powerful Heaven Old Orcs for their territories, but he couldn’t win against them. But he still has some strength, so he is now the king here."

Chen Cai pointed to the buildings on both sides of the river. "This is a place under his jurisdiction and is the king of this part of the Heaven Old Orcs. He can bring this group of people for war."

"So it’s like that!" Chen Xiang suddenly thought back to what Chen Cai had said before. A great war had broken out here, the main reason being the battle for the Human Emperor Realm.

"Who is the Human Emperor now? These fellows are obviously beastmen, why do they call themselves the Human Sovereign and not the Beast King? "

"I’ll tell you who the Human Emperor is, and you won’t know, but I can tell you with certainty that he isn’t the golden-haired old man from before." Chen Cai chuckled, then knocked on the door and continued: "Although we are from Heaven Old Orcs, because we look like humans, we are called Human Emperor."

Chen Xiang still remembered that golden-haired old man, he had almost been killed earlier.

"Come in!" A thunderous roar came from inside, shaking the stone door.

Chen Cai immediately opened the door and brought Chen Xiang in.

After Chen Xiang entered, he only saw a tall and sturdy man seated on a large stone chair. This burly man’s face was filled with ferociousness, the children that saw him would definitely be scared to tears. He had a thick beard and a pair of green eyes, making him look somewhat terrifying.

"Bear King!" After Chen Cai entered, he immediately bowed. It could be seen that he was truly a little afraid of this big guy.

Chen Xiang immediately followed and bowed towards Chen Cai.

"Is this a human?" Xiong Quan looked at Chen Xiang with his pair of green eyes, and revealed a great deal of interest. What made Chen Xiang annoyed was that this fellow actually wanted to eat him too.

"Yes!" You should know my personality. I’m very curious about many things, so I became friends with this human. I hope you don’t hurt him. " Chen Cai laughed: "The reason I brought him here is mainly because he doesn’t believe that the Heavenly Bear Divine Scale you possess is that powerful."

"What is it? He wants to meet you first? " The bear sneered, "Why should I show it to this weak human?"

Chen Cai shook his head: "Not for him to see, but for him to try. He said that they, humans, have extremely powerful weapons, and can easily break any scales! If you are unable to do so, he is willing to let you eat him. "

Hearing that, Chen Xiang’s eyes stared widely at Chen Cai, he had never said such a thing before.

"Don’t worry, these guys are very gullible. If you really can’t do it, then just run away." Chen Cai immediately transmitted back to Chen Xiang.

"This is interesting!" Weak humans are always self-righteous. I admit that their little tricks are powerful, but in the face of the absolute power of our Heaven Old Orcs, those things are basically not able to withstand a single blow. Come! "

With a loud laugh, the Bear King released a large amount of black gas from his body before a layer of greyish black scales covered his body, making him look extremely sturdy and hard to break through.

"Where are you going to stab me? Come at me!" Xiong Wang looked at Chen Xiang, his face filled with a disdainful smile.

"Is your heart okay?" Chen Xiang had already taken out his Heavenly magic sword, so it was impossible for a Heaven Old Orcs like the Bear King to see how powerful his Heavenly magic sword was.

This bear king’s strength was not bad either. He had reached the initial stage of the Primordial Divine Body, and Chen Xiang’s Primordial Divine Body was only at the initial stage, so it was one stage stronger than Chen Xiang’s.

"You want to kill me?" When the Bear King heard this, he became somewhat angry.

"What is it? Aren’t you very confident in what fish scales you have? If I am unable to pierce through them, I am willing to let you eat them. " Chen Xiang sneered, seeing his expression, the bear king was even more furious, it wanted to smash Chen Xiang’s head to pieces.

"Good, my heart is in this place. If you have the guts, then go ahead and pierce it!" With your weak strength, you are unable to shake this huge mountain of mine. " The Bear King pointed to the location of his heart.

Chen Cai had previously said that the most important thing for Heaven Old Orcs was the heart, because the heart was their very foundation. The reason they were called Heaven Old Orcs was because they had that strong beast heart of theirs.

"Is this it?" Chen Xiang was a little nervous at the moment. After he walked over, he gathered his energy and ruthlessly pierced the location of the bear’s heart.

The bear king had a confident and disdainful look on his face earlier, but when he felt the sharp pain in his heart, his expression changed greatly, but it was already too late, because his powerful heart had already been pierced through. Furthermore, Chen Xiang had even poured a violent surge of World Defying Stage Divine Power into it through the Heavenly magic sword, shattering the heart!

After the heart was shattered, the bear fell to the ground, twitching. It was lifeless, dead.

"It’s too easy to kill!" Chen Xiang looked at the Heavenly magic sword in his hand that was covered in black blood.

"You should have seen the power of this sword, right? Haha ..." Chen Cai himself was extremely happy, because this was something that he had refined. "Before, I did not dare to do anything to this guy, but now, he has finally died!"

"Then what should we do next?" Leave this place? " Chen Xiang looked at the corpse of the Bear King, then threw it into the Six Realms mirrors.

"Do whatever you want!" Chen Cai laughed: "Anyways, my biggest enemy has already been eliminated, I never thought it would be so easy!" Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"Bear King!" A roar came from outside, "I heard a human came to your territory. When are you going to eat him? You don’t care about me at all? "

Chen Cai immediately frowned and said in a low voice: "This is the nearby Pig King, his strength is also pretty good, do you want to go and fight him?"