Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Alright!"

Chen Xiang only said the word good before he teleported, appearing behind the Pig King and slashed down on its head!

The wild boar king was much taller than the bear king, and it looked to be extremely heavy. However, when Chen Xiang brandished his sword, the wild boar king actually dodged his attack, and at the same time let out a roar, spitting out a large wild boar tooth from its mouth that flew towards Chen Xiang’s head.

After Chen Xiang turned his head to the side to avoid the wild boar teeth, the wild boar king had already rushed over with great speed. That huge palm struck over, making people feel like it was a small mountain flying over, bringing along an extremely berserk wind, lifting up a large piece of rock ground.

Chen Xiang only saw the Pig King swing his palm, and his body was already hit by the wave of air. After being blown away, his body was also in extreme pain from the shock of the air blast, and after being blown back, he immediately teleported away, if not he would be injured by even more berserk energy.

He teleported behind the boar king and swung his sword at the boar king.

The Pig King did not expect Chen Xiang to suddenly appear behind him. He was not familiar with the power of space, but he still reacted and blocked the incoming Heavenly magic sword with his palm.

Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword landed on the Pig King’s giant arm, cutting it down like cutting tofu!

"Chen Cai you bastard!" The wild boar king had already smelled Chen Cai’s scent and instantly cursed loudly. Then, he retreated. After a few steps, his arm was cut off so easily, which meant that his entire body could be easily broken.

"King of Pigs, this is all your fault. Didn’t you want to eat this human? Come here! " Chen Cai laughed from afar, he had already seen Chen Xiang’s strength, and thought that he was stronger than expected. He thought that Chen Xiang only knew how to concoct pills, he never expected that Chen Xiang’s fighting skills would be so powerful too.

"Humans... I will destroy you! " The Pig King sprinted forward angrily, like a bolt of lightning towards Chen Xiang.

"I won’t waste any more time with you!" Chen Xiang’s body flashed with green light, and a ray of green light flew out. The green light landed on the Boar King’s body, and tied him up.

After the World Defying Green dragon came out, it wrapped around the Pig King under Chen Xiang’s control.

The Pig King immediately lost his ability to move, and at this moment, he could deeply feel how terrifying the green dragon that coiled around his body was. The green dragon was an extremely powerful World Defying beast, its aura alone was enough to make many beasts tremble.

Not to mention being entangled by a green dragon now.

"World Defying Green dragon!" After Chen Cai saw this, his face was also filled with shock. He never thought that after being together with Chen Xiang for so long, this was his first time seeing Chen Xiang’s true strength.

As a Heaven Old Orcs, he obviously knew what a World Defying Green dragon meant, and it was even controlled by Chen Xiang. Humans being able to cultivate World Defying beast was very amazing.

"Let me go... I am a loyal subordinate of the Human Emperor. He won’t let you go ... " His heart was also filled with fear, the commotion here had already stirred the Heaven Old Orcs on both sides of the river.

Chen Xiang felt a group of Heaven Old Orcs coming over, and anxiously stabbed their swords into the Pig King’s heart, pouring World Defying Stage Divine Power into the heart, destroying it.

After the Pig King was killed, he hurriedly returned the corpse to the Six Realms mirrors and gave it to the toad.

"Let’s go!" Chen Xiang anxiously brought Chen Cai to teleport away.

... ....

Outside the Myriad Tao Forest, Chen Cai looked at Chen Xiang in shock. The matter of the Chen Xiang World Defying Green dragon had already made him extremely shocked, but now, Chen Xiang had actually succeeded in bringing him out!

He left the Myriad Tao Forest, he had finally walked out, he thought he would still have to wait a long time.

"I’m coming out, I’m coming out!" Chen Cai laughed.

"I didn’t expect it to be so easy. I thought you all would be restricted to staying inside." Chen Xiang laughed, he had only used Time and space power Teleportation and successfully exited.

"You are too scary, that’s a World Defying Green dragon!" When Chen Cai thought back, he could not help but feel fear.

"Yes, that’s why I got into a lot of trouble." Chen Xiang laughed bitterly: "Many human forces want to obtain my World Defying Green dragon. Now that I have appeared, it won’t be long before they come to kill me."

"You humans have idiots too! Don’t they know how powerful World Defying Green dragon are? You actually want to snatch your World Defying Green dragon! " Chen Cai was shocked by Chen Xiang’s words again, he never thought that World Defying Green dragon could snatch it away.

"How should I know about them? In short, when they see something they like, they feel that it’s useful to themselves. If it can increase their own strength, they will snatch it away without a care in the world." Chen Xiang curled his lips.

"Well, they’ll never get your stuff, will they?" Chen Cai laughed. Chen Xiang was so powerful and could even use the Time and space power. It would be extremely difficult to snatch his World Defying Green dragon.

"Of course, that’s why those guys suffered a lot of losses. Furthermore, it was all because of me." Chen Xiang sighed: "Oh right, Chen Cai, do you want to come with me to a place? When the time comes, I might need your help!"

Chen Cai was very strong, and very mysterious too. He wasn’t afraid of the King of Pigs and the King of Bears, he knew that he was strong.

"Good!" But I want to enter your Six Realms mirrors s and see. I heard from Xiao Ke’er that there are a lot of her array formations inside. " Chen Cai was most interested in these things.

"No problem, you can go in. But don’t tease the toad, it doesn’t like to be disturbed from sleeping." Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors and let Chen Cai in.

After Chen Cai went in, Chen Xiang controlled the Six Realms mirrors to contact Murong Honglian.

"Little Red Lotus, how is she now?" Chen Xiang saw Murong Honglian standing in a pavilion in a daze, and laughed as he shouted.

"It’s okay, it’s just that the bastards of He Clan would come to find trouble with me from time to time." Murong Honglian scoffed, "They’re trying to find you through me!"

"Yes, I’ll go look for you now!" Chen Xiang immediately teleported to the pavilion.

It had been a few years since Murong Honglian last saw Chen Xiang. Now, she carefully sized him up, wanting to see if Chen Xiang had any changes.

Chen Xiang had already cultivated the Primordial Divine Body, and she even had a very strong Heavenly magic sword.

"Are you ready?" Murong Honglian asked, the reason Chen Xiang was able to come here, was very likely because he wanted to follow her into the Mu Rong family. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"Un, I’m ready!" Chen Xiang smiled mysteriously: "Let’s go in now!"

Murong Honglian was still a little worried, and said in a low voice: "You must know, it is extremely dangerous to go in, when that time comes, even if I have to put my life on the line I will not be able to save you, the strength of the ancestors inside are extremely terrifying!"

"Do you want to notify them before you go in?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Yes, that’s why they will capture you as soon as you enter." Murong Honglian hurriedly nodded: "It’s still not too late for you to regret it now."