Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Of course, Chen Xiang didn’t regret it. All these years, he had been busy with preparations.

He did not do this to help Murong Honglian, but to teach the Mu Rong family a lesson! The Mu Rong family’s act of returning kindness to him made him angry, especially after he had saved Murong Honglian and brought him back to the Mu Rong family, the Mu Rong family had immediately sent people to kill him, wanting to snatch the World Defying Green dragon and the Myriad Tao’s treasure from his body. This made him feel that the Mu Rong family was even more hateful than the He Clan.

"I don’t regret it. I can’t wait to get in." Chen Xiang’s eyes were filled with anticipation, as well as killing intent. Her actions made Murong Honglian’s heart jump, she had thought that Chen Xiang had promised her that he would do anything to help her.

She could already tell that Chen Xiang really wanted to enter the Mu Rong family. She thought back to what the Mu Rong family had done to Chen Xiang, and suddenly realized that Chen Xiang always hated the Mu Rong family!

"You ... "Alright, I’ll bring you in now. I won’t inform them. As long as you enter, they shouldn’t say anything." Murong Honglian tightly held onto Chen Xiang’s hand. She didn’t know why, but she was actually more nervous than Chen Xiang by a lot.

Murong Honglian had mastered the Time and space power very well, and was considered very outstanding in the Mu Rong family. The Mu Rong family had used the power of space very well, but only Murong Honglian and a few other ancestors had used the Time and space power well.

？ One? Ben? Read it? Fiction. ybdu. Chen Xiang followed Murong Honglian into the space where the Mu Rong family was. It was like a huge city, with a very stable space.

Just as they entered, they met a group of people rushing over, Chen Xiang immediately saw Murong Honglian’s senior, Murong Kai!

"Chen Xiang!" When Murong Kai saw Chen Xiang entering with Murong Honglian, he was immediately overjoyed and shouted, looking at him, he looked as if he had seen his long-lost family.

"Hello!" Chen Xiang laughed.

"Very good!" Murong Kai laughed out loud, and immediately rushed up to him, took out a red iron chain and tied Chen Xiang up, then released a pagoda to cover him up.

"Senior Master... I have already fulfilled my contract, so you can let me and Master go now. " Murong Honglian bit her lips, looking at the tower that imprisoned Chen Xiang, she knew how powerful it was, and her heart was filled with worry, but even more so, guilt.

"Alright, you can leave now!" Murong Kai laughed, then waved his sleeve and released a person. It was an extremely old man with a head full of white hair.

"Master!" When Murong Honglian saw his master like this, he felt very grieved. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Then, she looked at Murong Kai, at the small tower in Murong Kai’s hands, Chen Xiang was inside, holding onto her jade fists tightly, she wanted to rush forward and snatch the tower.

"Go!" An aged and powerless voice suddenly appeared in Murong Honglian’s mind. It was her master’s voice.

Just as Murong Honglian was about to attack, a boom resounded and the entire Murong Secret Realm began to shake.

"We are from the He Clan, hurry up and let us in. Otherwise, don’t blame us for being impolite." When Murong Kai heard the voices coming from outside, he became terrified and immediately hid himself inside the pagoda.

Murong Honglian secretly cursed himself for not taking action in time, as he had already missed the best opportunity to save Chen Xiang!

"Little girl Red Lotus, what’s going on outside?" Chen Xiang suddenly said to Murong Honglian.

"Chen Xiang!" Murong Honglian did not expect Chen Xiang to actually be able to contact her again. "Are you alright? "I’m sorry, I’m sorry ..."

Murong Honglian apologized a few times!

"It’s fine. I’m fine now. What’s going on outside?" Chen Xiang shook his head and sighed when he saw the guilt written all over Murong Honglian’s face.

"The people from the He Clan have arrived. They should be the ones that came here the most, because of you." Murong Honglian said: "They want to take you away, but I wonder if that old man from the Mu Rong family will let you out."

"Then hurry up and bring your master away. It’s going to be a huge mess here." Chen Xiang said.

"Are you really okay?" Murong Honglian was still a little worried.

"I’m fine!" On the contrary, Chen Xiang felt that this tower was not that powerful.

"Alright, I’ll leave now!" After Murong Honglian brought her master away, Chen Xiang was no longer able to see her through the Six Realms mirrors, which made him feel a lot more at ease.

"I wonder how this group of fellows will solve the problem of the He Clan next?"

Chen Xiang was very curious about what was happening outside. He closed his eyes and used the Time and space power to transmit his hearing to the outside world ...

... ....

"Murong Kai, Chen Xiang has been captured by you!" The one who was charging in front was He Huang. Although he was only at World Defying Holy Body, he only dared to speak to the Mu Rong family because of He Clan’s power.

The Mu Rong family was still afraid of the He Clan, especially now that the He Clan had gathered so many strong and powerful forces, otherwise He Huang would not be so presumptuous towards them. From this, He Huang could tell the Mu Rong family’s current status.

"No, Chen Xiang is not here!" Murong Kai calmed down and said calmly: "He has already left with Murong Honglian! You guys should know that Murong Honglian is outside, he just left not long ago! "

"Don’t lie to me, we are very clear about the grudges you two have with Chen Xiang. Would you let him leave so easily? Furthermore, I know very well about the contract between you and Murong Honglian. " He Huang laughed coldly, He Huang rode on a large flying disc, on it were a few middle-aged men. These middle-aged men were all as powerful as Murong Kai, and the person Murong Kai was most afraid of was the yellow-haired elder.

From what Murong Kai said, he knew that the He Clan had spies in the Mu Rong family. He never thought that the Mu Rong family would have a spy, even knowing the contract between Murong Honglian and him, then this spy must be one of their higher-ups.

"Esteemed guests of the He Clan have travelled here from afar. Please come inside and do it. If you have anything to say, please sit down and we can have a good talk." A friendly voice came from the sky above Murong City.

"Since Patriarch Murong has spoken, we can’t not to give him face! "Alright, let’s have a good talk today." As He Huang said this, he controlled the flying discs to fly inside. It was forbidden to fly above Murong City, but he did not care about this, making the people from the Mu Rong family angry.

Murong Kai did not follow him. Instead, he headed towards a mountain forest in the Murong Secret Realm and entered a cave.

"Ancestor, Chen Xiang is inside." Murong Kai passed the tower to an old man inside.

I will use the shortest amount of time to get him to hand over the World Defying Green dragon and Myriad Tao Divine Soil. With these things, we don’t need to be afraid of the He Clan. The old man’s skin was a waxy yellow, and his snow-white hair was in disarray. His eyes were filled with a vicious and sinister light as he looked at the small pagoda with an evil grin.

Chen Xiang who was inside already knew about the He Clan coming in, he never thought that the Mu Rong family was actually so useless, and got bullied by the He Clan to such a degree.

"Chen Xiang, are you really not afraid of being unable to leave?" Feng Ke’er asked, she also wanted to know what method Chen Xiang would use to escape this tower.

"What’s there to be afraid of? There has never been anything that could trap me! " Chen Xiang smiled and said with great confidence.