Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The little pagoda that was locked up with Chen Xiang was in the hands of an ancestor of the Mu Rong family. After the old man received the pagoda and knew that Chen Xiang was really inside, he laughed happily.

"Little fellow, you better obediently cooperate with me. Hand over the Myriad Tao’s treasure first, and that treasure won’t have any use for you. I’m afraid you don’t even know how to use it yourself." The Mu Rong family’s ancestor laughed sinisterly: "As for the World Defying Green dragon, you have to give it to me."

Chen Xiang heard Murong Dihua’s words from inside and sneered in his heart, then took out the Heavenly magic sword.

I will not give you the World Defying Green dragon, and even if I kill myself, I will not give it to you. I know the situation your Murong Family is in, and you are still waiting for my World Defying Green dragon to turn the tables, right? Chen Xiang laughed out loud: "I am also clear about the He Clan’s power, if you are unable to turn the tables, you will forever be their slave!"

"Murong Honglian, this girl must have told you! It seems that you have quite a good relationship with her. It’s a pity that she betrayed you and tricked you into this place, so you ended up in our hands. Right now, you must be feeling very sad and must hate her, right? " Murong Dihua chuckled. "Now that you’re in this tower, you won’t die. Try it."

Chen Xiang closed his eyes and used the Time and space power. Through the Time and space power, he could directly see the situation outside the small pagoda in his mind. At this moment, Murong Dihua was pressing the small pagoda against his forehead, allowing him to clearly understand the situation inside the pagoda and be able to control everything inside.

"Not good, this guy is going to work!" Chen Xiang suddenly felt a fluctuation in the space, obviously Murong Dihua’s power had entered the space in the small pagoda.

Chen Xiang rushed over to the wall and thrusted his sword towards it. The Heavenly magic sword that had been tempered by the Myriad Tao Divine Soil were extremely sharp, and easily pierced through the wall, the long sword had already pierced through the small pagoda and pierced through Murong Dihua’s forehead!

Murong Dihua who had his forehead plastered to the small tower just now saw Chen Xiang holding a sword inside, and was about to use his consciousness to take the sword away from Chen Xiang, but he did not expect that Chen Xiang would suddenly use his sword, and in the end he did not expect even more, the sword actually pierced through the inner wall of the small tower, directly emerging from the outside, and directly piercing into’s forehead.

"Old man, you’re too naive!" Chen Xiang laughed loudly, then with a loud roar, he summoned a large amount of World Defying Stage Divine Power and channeled it through the Heavenly magic sword, entering Murong Dihua’s Divine Sense Sea, causing a great deal of damage.

After the small pagoda was pierced, it became useless, allowing Chen Xiang to teleport out of it easily.

There was a bloody hole in Murong Dihua’s forehead, but he did not die. He only opened his eyes which were filled with endless hatred, and his entire body trembled with anger. "You little beast, what did you do to me ..."

"Didn’t you want to obtain my World Defying Green dragon? Didn’t you want the Myriad Tao’s Treasure? " Chen Xiang grinned: "This sword was created using the Myriad Tao Divine Soil. Didn’t you say before that I don’t know how to use it?"

"You want my World Defying Green dragon, you are not worthy." Chen Xiang snorted, and then slashed a few times at Murong Dihua, and finally pressed his hand on Murong Dihua’s head.

He did not plan on devouring Murong Dihua’s memories, because a strong soul like Murong Dihua would find it difficult to search for memories even if he was severely injured.

After he sensed the chaotic World Defying Stage Divine Power within Murong Dihua’s body, he immediately activated the Devouring magic kungfu and directly devoured it.

"So powerful, as expected of a fellow with an adult World Defying Stage Divine Body!" When Chen Xiang absorbed the World Defying Stage Divine Power, his arms were supported by the waves of World Defying Stage Divine Power as they expanded and squirmed.

"You will die a horrible death!" Murong Dihua roared in shock, he did not think that Chen Xiang would actually want to swallow him. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"You’re the one who will die a horrible death!" Chen Xiang laughed: "Don’t tell me I have to give you the World Defying Green dragon in order to die comfortably? Dream on, I’ll kill you. Not only do I not need to give you the World Defying Green dragon, I can still live well! "

"You are making an enemy out of our Mu Rong family. You will not have a good ending." Murong Dihua was extremely furious.

"Old man..." Chen Xiang fiercely slapped Murong Dihua a few times: "You have to understand, it was you who made me an enemy first, I saved Murong Honglian twice. Not only were you not grateful to me, you even stole my World Defying Green dragon, who offended whom first? "Since you have reached this stage, it is all your doing. Your Mu Rong family deserves it!"

"Hmph, the World Defying Green dragon would be fine if they stay on you, only in our hands would they shine ..." Before Murong Dihua could finish his words, all of the teeth in his mouth had already been shattered by Chen Xiang.

"So much bullshit. We’ll talk about it when you’re dead. You’ll have a chance to say it when you’re dead." Chen Xiang increased the power of his devouring and crazily devoured Divine Sense Sea World’s World Defying Stage Divine Power.

"Old bastard, I’ll let you bully me. Now, I’ll let you experience the power of the old man." Chen Xiang looked at Murong Dihua’s eyes that were filled with endless hatred and laughed complacently.

Murong Dihua really wanted to curse Chen Xiang, but he was unable to say a word.

Very quickly, two hours had passed. Chen Xiang had finally devoured most of them and even though Murong Dihua did not die, he was still in a more miserable state than if he had died. He only had a very weak soul left to support him as Chen Xiang threw him into the Six Realms mirrors.

"This guy has quite a lot of World Defying Stage Divine Power, I will need a period of time to refine them." Chen Xiang took a deep breath, closed his eyes and changed his appearance into Murong Dihua’s.

His body was currently covered with Murong Dihua’s World Defying Stage Divine Power, and the aura he was releasing was also from Murong Dihua, which coincidentally allowed him to pass off as Murong Dihua.

After walking out of the cave, Chen Xiang immediately saw Murong Kai.

Murong Kai saw that the ancestor’s face was flushed red, his eyebrows were beaming with joy, and anxiously walked over.

"Ancestor, you’ve settled Chen Xiang?" Of course Murong Kai did not dare to doubt this ancestor, especially the aura this ancestor was releasing right now. Although it was a bit unnatural, it was extremely powerful and made him feel a lot of pressure.

"What’s so difficult about a mere brat?" Chen Xiang used Murong Dihua’s voice and laughed complacently.

Murong Kai felt that things were going a little too fast, and he had a better understanding of Chen Xiang now. Knowing Chen Xiang’s character, it would be extremely difficult for him to get Chen Xiang to hand over the World Defying Green dragon.

"How are the fellows of He Clan doing?" Chen Xiang asked.

"They are gone... When the other Patriarchs heard that Chen Xiang had fallen into the hands of the ancestor, they were completely at ease, so they chased them out. Now that the ancestor has obtained the World Defying Green dragon, he no longer has to be afraid of the He Clan. " Murong Kai laughed loudly, "He Clan bastards, it’s time to take care of them."