Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Murong Kai didn’t even know that the ancestor in front of him was Chen Xiang pretending to be him, respectfully following behind him. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Chen Xiang brought him into the cave, and then closed the stone door.

"Ancestor, it’s a bit chaotic here. What happened previously?" Murong Kai asked anxiously with a concerned look: "Are you injured?!"

Chen Xiang took out the small pagoda that he destroyed, passed it over to Murong Kai, and said seriously: "This brat Chen Xiang doesn’t know, just look at how he destroyed my pagoda. Take a good look, just look at how he destroyed this pagoda."

Murong Kai took it and looked inside and outside very carefully. He could not see anything, but he still looked inside very carefully. He wanted to find something, and that way he could get praise from the ancestor.

"You see anything?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Not at the moment, but the technique is very secretive. If I look more carefully, all I see is that crack." Murong Kai said seriously: "This gap seems to come from the inside, how exactly did it come about?"

"That’s how it was done!" Chen Xiang summoned his Heavenly magic sword and thrusted his sword towards Murong Kai like lightning, conveniently destroying Murong Kai’s Divine Sense Sea.

"You ... Ancestor, why!? " Murong Kai’s face was filled with fear, he did not understand why his ancestor would act so viciously towards him.

"Because I’m Chen Xiang!" Chen Xiang changed back to his original appearance and laughed out loud: "That old fellow isn’t dead yet, I left his Spirit Fox to torture him for a period of time. I was worried that he would be too lonely, so I grabbed you to accompany him!"

Murong Kai had never thought that Chen Xiang would actually kill off such a powerful ancestor like Murong Dihua, and even successfully impersonate Murong Dihua to trick him into coming in, distract him, and then sneak attack him, causing him to be seriously injured.

"Chen Xiang... "You ..." Murong Kai clenched his teeth, staring at Chen Xiang. At this time he was no longer able to move, his Divine Sense Sea was already heavily injured.

"Go in and accompany that old bastard." Chen Xiang took out Murong Kai’s soul and threw it into one of the Six Realms mirrors s. There was a small killing array there specially used to torture souls.

He didn’t have any plans to kill them yet, because if they were to die, the other ancestors of the Mu Rong family would immediately know about it.

"Mu Rong family..." Sooner or later, you will all be destroyed by the He Clan, but let me do it first, whether or not you guys can escape this calamity will depend on your luck! At the same time, I want to warn He Clan, that is the result of their He Clan becoming enemies with me, Chen Xiang. " Chen Xiang stood on top of a tall mountain and released a powerful aura.

After the few Patriarchs in the Mu Rong family sensed this, they all came one by one.

"Di Hua, what are you doing?"

"Did you get the World Defying Green dragon?"

Chen Xiang looked at the two elders and said sternly: "You two stay far away from here, I want to try and see if I can release the World Defying Green dragon. If the World Defying Green dragon loses control at that time, you two better not hurt it too, it is our trump card to deal with the He Clan."

"Alright, let’s leave this place immediately."

The few old men were all very excited because the World Defying Green dragon was already in their hands. If they really had control over it, they did not have to be afraid of the He Clan. Moreover, they would also be the strongest within the World Defying Stage Clan.

After Chen Xiang tricked them until they left, he couldn’t help but laugh out loud and release the World Defying Green dragon. The World Defying Green dragon came out from the huge square boulder inside the Six Realms mirrors and became red all over, with raging flames and a pair of gigantic Suzaku fire wing s.

"Red fire dragon!" When Chen Xiang saw that the Red fire dragon was much larger than before, he was extremely happy. At this moment, the entire sky above Murong City was covered by the body of this huge dragon.

The Red fire dragon’s body released wave after wave of scorching aura. As the dragon’s body trembled, scorching waves of air pressed down from the skies, causing a sea of fire to envelop the entire city. In the blink of an eye, the ancient Murong City was enveloped in flames.

When the people in the city saw that something was wrong, they immediately ran away. When the other elders saw how powerful the Red fire dragon was, they became excited and began to leave the Mu Rong family.

"It’s starting!" Chen Xiang was overjoyed. After that, he controlled the Red fire dragon to land on the ground and churn about. In an instant, it was rolled up into a pile of ruins and burned in the sea of flames.

Roar... Roar... Roar...

The Red fire dragon roared continuously as it spat out huge balls of fire and lightning, like countless falling stars, that covered the forest around Murong City. When these balls of fire and lightning landed, they would create a gigantic sky crater.

"Dewar, this place is about to be destroyed! Can you control this dragon? "

"I can do it, you guys go out first!" Chen Xiang could already feel the killing intent from the elders who suddenly rushed over. They did not want to kill the Red fire dragon, but rather, wanted to kill him.

"I don’t think you can control it at all. Right now, this is all you can do!" An old man’s face suddenly became gloomy and cold, he slashed at Chen Xiang, his speed extremely fast, no one expected him to strike so suddenly.

After Chen Xiang sensed the killing intent, he was already prepared for it and hastily dodged to the side, then teleported to the top of the Red fire dragon’s head.

"You guys actually want to kill me, that’s fine!" Chen Xiang roared, controlling the Red fire dragon to shoot lightning towards the few Patriarchs.

Although Red fire dragon were powerful, the strength of those ancestors were not weak. They were actually able to fend off the streaks of lightning.

"These guys are still very strong. For the time being, I can’t beat them ..." Chen Xiang took a quick look inside the Murong Secret Realm and realised that only a small part of it had been destroyed.

"Two hacks, it’s your turn to come out. Try your best to help me keep those guys busy." Chen Xiang released Chen Cai.

When Chen Cai came out, he immediately looked at the cultivation levels of the elders, and then nodded: "Leave it to me!"

The sudden appearance of someone who was also very powerful shocked the ancestors.

After Chen Cai went over, he immediately controlled the Red fire dragon and had it release a crazy destructive force that completely destroyed everything inside the Murong Secret Realm.

RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!

The destructive power of Red fire dragon was extremely strong. Many people felt despair after seeing it, and they all escaped from the Murong Secret Realm. Spatial rifts also appeared in the sky above the Murong Secret Realm.

"Mu Rong family, you guys are done for!" Chen Xiang allowed the Red fire dragon to release its strongest energy and tore the entire Murong Secret Realm apart. Chen Cai too, was almost done.

"Let’s go!" Chen Xiang hurriedly teleported Chen Cai back to his body, then teleported out of the Murong Secret Realm.

When he came outside, other than the large group of disciples from the Mu Rong family, he also saw a huge flying discs in the distance. On top of the discs, stood He Huang and a ancestor of the He Clan.

!!