Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The people from the He Clan had originally left the Murong Secret Realm. However, not long after they left, they sensed an extremely strong aura of a World Defying Green dragon. When they came over, they had already known about the chaos within the Murong Secret Realm.

"It’s Murong Dihua, this guy already obtained the World Defying Green dragon." Behind He Huang, the patriarch of He Clan, He Zhihao frowned: "He’s coming over!"

Chen Xiang teleported in front of them.

"What, you want to give us the World Defying Green dragon? We already know that you are unable to control the World Defying Green dragon. " He Huang said with a beaming smile.

"I can control the World Defying Green dragon, so I won’t give it to you. And I still need to ..." Chen Xiang immediately let Chen Cai out.

When Chen Cai came out, he immediately attacked He Zhihao fiercely.

He Huang turned pale with fright. He Zhihao had never expected that the Mu Rong family would dare to attack them.

He Zhihao was only pushed to the side by Chen Cai in an instant, while Chen Xiang released the power of spatial imprisonment to lock He Huang who was trying to escape.

"He Huang, you probably don’t know who I am!" Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to He Huang and He Huang looked at the old man in front of him. The voice that appeared in his mind was a voice that he was very familiar with, it was Chen Xiang’s voice.

"You are..." He Huang suddenly understood everything, Chen Xiang had snuck into the Mu Rong family and even impersonated Murong Dihua, which meant that Murong Dihua had already been killed by Chen Xiang.

"Do you still remember me?! Unfortunately, I cannot give it to you, but I can let you see my World Defying Green dragon before you die. "

As he finished speaking, Chen Xiang released a very small World Defying Green dragon that penetrated He Huang’s body like lightning and entered He Huang’s Divine Sense Sea. Then, it exploded inside the Divine Sense Sea, turning into a gigantic World Defying Green dragon that directly bursted He Huang’s Divine Sense Sea and body.

Seeing the World Defying Green dragon suddenly appear, He Huang’s body exploded. He Zhi Hao’s heart was filled with rage, he shouted, and attacked Chen Cai with all his might ... But just as he was about to use his strength, Chen Xiang took Chen Cai away and teleported away, returning back to the Myriad Tao Forest.

"You have offended quite a few powerful fellows in an instant!" Chen Cai laughed: "But because of you, I also have the chance to meet human experts. They are all very powerful, especially that old fellow just now, he was too terrifying when he attacked."

"There are a lot of people like him. What you see is just the tip of the iceberg." Chen Xiang laughed bitterly: "It’s these guys who wanted to obtain my World Defying Green dragon, I don’t have the strength to deal with them yet."

"If we had teamed up just now, we might have been able to kill that guy." Chen Cai was referring to He Zhihao.

Chen Xiang shook his head: "No, you don’t know that the old guys from the Mu Rong family are hiding somewhere. If we were to fight with the old monsters from He Clan, they would definitely sneak an attack us."

The ancestor of the Mu Rong family had long followed him out, but when he saw the people from the He Clan s, they did not follow. They hid at the side and watched, and when they saw how He Huang was killed, they trembled in fear as well.

If they wanted to repair it again, they would need a lot of time. Now that they had suffered heavy losses, they did not know what to do next.

Chen Xiang took out his Six Realms mirrors and looked at Murong Honglian.

"Little Red Lotus, how are you two doing?" Chen Xiang asked.

"All right, you’re out now?" When Murong Honglian heard her voice, he was immediately overjoyed. Only Chen Xiang could see her in the same world as her, which meant that Chen Xiang had come out.

"Yes... The entire Murong Secret Realm has been destroyed by me, I’ll go look for you right now. " Chen Xiang teleported over with Chen Cai.

... ....

Murong Honglian and her master were hiding in a cave. At this moment, her master seemed to be reaching the end of his lifespan and could die at any moment. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"This is my master, Murong Tianqing!" Murong Honglian looked at her master and bit her lower lip. She knew very well that her master wouldn’t be gone for long.

"Junior Chen Xiang!" Chen Xiang immediately bowed to Murong Tianqing.

"Chen Cai!" Chen Cai introduced himself.

"There’s no need to be so polite." Murong Tianqing laughed, "What a powerful young man, the Mu Rong family is about to be destroyed!"

"I’m sorry, I’ve destroyed your Mu Rong family." Chen Xiang said somewhat embarrassedly.

"After we left the Mu Rong family, we were no longer members of their family." Murong Tianqing let out a long sigh, "The ancestors of the Mu Rong family were more selfish than the rest, I only noticed later on that day. If I knew earlier, I wouldn’t have gone all out to help them develop."

Chen Xiang had truly experienced it before. At the critical moment, these ancestors were actually jealous of Murong Dihua for obtaining the World Defying Green dragon and wanted to kill him to snatch it.

"Senior, I heard you are an alchemist, I coincidentally am also from Alchemist! With your current condition, you should be able to use pills to alleviate it, right? " looked at Murong Tianqing’s situation, and it was mainly because the World Defying Stage Divine Power was no longer present. To the World Defying Stage, the World Defying Stage Divine Power was the source of life, and the reason Murong Tianqing was able to live for that long was all because of the remnant World Defying Stage Divine Power in his body.

If you want to extend your life, you can’t use someone else’s World Defying Stage Divine Power!

"Right now, the bridge to the World Defying Stage Divine Power is broken, causing the World Defying Stage Divine Power to be unable to be transported out. This requires refining a type of Divine Stage Everlasting Pellet, and right now I don’t have the ability to refine any more ..." Murong Tianqing sighed.

"I’ll try!" Chen Xiang said. It was rare for him to meet a Alchemist, so he definitely had to learn from them.

"Let me take a look at your current World Defying god fire." Murong Tianqing saw Chen Xiang’s serious face and asked.

Chen Xiang immediately released the World Defying god fire.

When Chen Cai saw it, "He is only at the initial stage of the Divine Body, but the World Defying god fire is close to mastery.

"Generally speaking, only the peak of World Defying god fire can be refined ... But you can try. " Murong Tianqing said: "Within the World Defying Stage Clan, there aren’t many Alchemist s who know how to refine pills. Even though there are quite a few Alchemist s from other families, none of them are able to refine this kind of pill, and none of them are willing to refine for me ... Only the two Alchemist s of the He Clan can be refined, but they definitely cannot be refined for me. "

In order to give Murong Tianqing enough confidence, Chen Xiang took out the World Defying heavenly Dan he had refined himself, and said: "This is what I refined. I relied on this pill to cultivate my Primordial Divine Body."

"World Defying heavenly Dan!" When Murong Tianqing saw it, he was surprised to be able to recognize it. He thought that not many people would know of this pill.

"Yes, senior, you also know how to refine?" Chen Xiang felt that World Defying heavenly Dan s were extremely hard to refine as well. He had to spend a great amount of time to finally figure out the method to refine them.

!!