Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Murong Tianqing and Murong Honglian both recognized the World Defying heavenly Dan, especially Murong Honglian, she was staring at the World Defying heavenly Dan in Chen Xiang’s palm like a wooden chicken.

"I don’t understand. Because it was extremely difficult to refine, I used to have medicinal ingredients, but after I tried them all, I ended up failing." Murong Tianqing saw that Chen Xiang could refine World Defying heavenly Dan, but he was also pleasantly surprised and full of hope. This was because Chen Xiang was able to refine pills for him, allowing him to recover.

This was something that had been bothering him for many years. He had the medicinal ingredients, but he was unable to refine them himself, and no one helped him refine them. That was why he was able to drag things out until now.

"This is the medicinal herb!" Murong Tianqing immediately took out a green jade box and handed it over to Murong Honglian, telling him to pass it to him.

After Chen Xiang opened it, a burst of cold air rushed out. All the medicinal ingredients had been frozen, just to keep it fresh, the box had also been specially made.

"Is the medicinal herb still fresh?" Murong Tianqing asked.

"Not too bad, not too bad." Chen Xiang looked at it, then nodded: "Are these just the medicinal ingredients?"

There were only two types of herbs in the box: two pieces of bamboo, one golden and one red, only as thin as a finger.

"Yes, this is called the Crimson Gold Bamboo. This type of bamboo grows from a piece of red to a piece of gold for 100,000 years. I handled both sections well." Murong Tianqing said: "You can just directly refine it. You are able to refine a pill as hard as this World Defying heavenly Dan, you should be able to refine something like this."

"What pill is this?" Chen Xiang asked, he was also very interested in this unfamiliar pill.

"The Primordial Meridian Pill is mainly used to repair severely damaged dao veins. My dao meridians are severely damaged, so I am unable to draw out the World Defying Stage Divine Power. As long as I consume this pill, I can repair broken dao veins." Murong Tianqing slowly stood up and said: "I have never refined this kind of pellet before, so I am not sure what problems I will encounter during the refining."

Chen Xiang nodded, he had placed all his hopes on him now.

"Chen Xiang, you have to succeed!" Murong Honglian pulled Chen Xiang’s hand. "My master looks after me very well."

"I’ll definitely succeed. I’ll start right now!" Chen Xiang looked at the stone room over there, and said: "I’ll start inside!"

Murong Honglian immediately brought Chen Xiang into the secret room. When Chen Xiang was at the door, he turned and instructed Chen Cai, telling him to be more alert.

Chen Cai was still quite strong, if not he would not have been able to fend off the few ancestors all by himself. Although he could only hold on for a short period of time, it was already not bad.

After Chen Xiang entered the secret room, he immediately released a Time Domain to cover the two sections of the pillar, and then used the Triple time field to increase his speed.

"Sijing, how long do you think it will take for the seed to grow? Senior Murong seems to only have this kind of medicinal herb. " Chen Xiang said: "I need to get a backup."

Chen Xiang felt that he would definitely succeed, and he did so just in case. At the same time, he felt that this pillar was not bad, and wanted to plant it inside the You Yao Mountain Villa.

"About ten days!" What Jiang Sijing said was the normal time.

"Alright!"

In the following ten days, Chen Xiang did not refine pills, but instead, wholeheartedly planted this golden-red Mysterious Bamboo.

Just as Jiang Sijing had predicted, a section had been planted within the span of ten days. He immediately cut off the two pieces of bamboo that had just grown, and threw them into the Tianchuang furnace to refine.

The refining process was still very easy, especially when compared to the World Defying heavenly Dan. At the very least, it was not like how World Defying heavenly Dan had so many steps.

Using a familiar technique, he was able to successfully refine the two pieces of bamboo and fuse them together.

"Don’t we need to use the derivation technique?" Seeing that Chen Xiang was about to start concocting pills, Feng Ke’er asked.

"I don’t think so. This pill isn’t used to increase one’s cultivation. Therefore, no matter how high the quality is, it won’t be of much use." Chen Xiang said.

"That might not be the case. He used it to repair his meridians. If the quality is high, then it might be faster." Feng Ke’er said.

"Alright then, I’ll use the derivation method to train."

After using the derivation method, Chen Xiang finally understood that this golden-red Mysterious Bamboo was somewhat different.

"Is this even a divine medicine that can make people proud of themselves?" Chen Xiang felt this was a little unbelievable. At this moment, there were more than ten small crystals that had just sprouted out of his furnace. These were all easily produced by him.

"Why is this happening?" Feng Ke’er had seen Chen Xiang refine quite a few pills before, when he used the derivation method, it was extremely difficult to produce the little crystal balls.

"Forget it, let’s just focus on condensing the pill first!" Chen Xiang said, then let Feng Ke’er condense the pellet.

During the process of condensing the core, a situation had occurred. Feng Ke’er’s progress was extremely difficult!

"If I can’t suppress it, what should I do?" Just by trying it, Feng Ke’er already felt that it was extremely difficult.

"That’s the only way." Chen Xiang divided the lump of crystals into three parts and let Feng Ke’er start to condense the pellets.

Only after being divided into three groups could Feng Ke’er proceed with the condensing of the core, but it was also very slow.

"So difficult!" After Feng Ke’er suppressed them for a month, when he finally managed to calm them down a little, he was surprised. Previously, he thought that they had been very successful, but who would have known that it would be so difficult to refine them in the end, "If I had known this would happen, I would not have used the derivation method."

"Even if I don’t use the derivation method, the process of condensing a pill will be very difficult." Chen Xiang was also in the process of condensing his pill and he had already used the power of time. This could help them shorten the time gap with the outside world.

Very quickly, a year had passed and the three pellets were already successfully refined. This made Chen Xiang and Feng Ke’er heave a sigh of relief, the process of refining the pellets before also only took a little less than half a day, but in the end, it took a whole year to condense the pellets.

"Alright, let’s eat one and see." Feng Ke’er said to Chen Xiang: "This kind of Primordial Vein Divine Pill might be useful to you as well."

Chen Xiang also wanted to try it, so he immediately ate one.

After the primordial spirit pellet melted in his body, it turned into a surge of energy that rushed into his Divine Sense Sea. After that, he only saw a black belt of light appearing in his Divine Sense Sea, hanging by his hammer, connecting the sky and the earth of his Divine Sense Sea.

"What is this?" After consuming that pellet, such a strange thing actually happened, he told Feng Ke’er about this matter.

Feng Ke’er didn’t know what this was either, so she said, "Go out and let Senior Murong have a look, maybe he’ll know!"

Chen Xiang used the power of time, so he only used around ten days to finish refining it. When he came out of the stone room, Murong Tianqing was surprised.

"Failed?" Murong Tianqing felt that it would take at least a year or so to refine this pill, but it had only been ten days!

"How could I fail?" Chen Xiang laughed, then took out a Proud Vein Divine Pill and tossed it over.

!!Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates