Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

When Murong Tianqing received the Proud Vein Divine Pill, he was instantly stunned, and only after a long time did he look at the Proud Vein Divine Pill in his hand. -

"It really is the Proud Vein Divine Pill." Murong Tianqing took a deep breath, and said: "Isn’t this way too fast? This is a Divine Level Primordial Pellet, it’s not easy to refine."

"It is indeed difficult to forge!" laughed bitterly. He used an entire year to condense the pellet, and it was extremely difficult to condense one at that. Both he and Feng Ke’er had been using all their strength to condense the pellet all the time.

"Master, he knows how to use the power of time. He probably took one or two years." Outside the stone room, Murong Honglian could feel the sound waves that contained the power of time.

Murong Honglian also knew about the power of time, but he did not know how much she had grasped. In short, she was extremely sensitive to this power, so she could sense it.

"So that’s how it is. Even though it took me one to two years, it was still quite fast." The look in Murong Tianqing’s eyes revealed respect. He felt that Chen Xiang’s pill refining level was above his.

"Senior, quickly eat it!" Chen Xiang smiled humbly.

After Murong Tianqing ate it, he could feel a strong medicinal power and was slightly shocked in his heart. This was because the effects of the medicine were much stronger than he had guessed before.

But the effect now was far greater than he had expected.

It had only been an hour since Murong Tianqing had consumed the Primordial Profound Orb, and his pale white face had already turned red. His body also had a trace of life force, allowing others to feel the aura of his World Defying Stage Divine Power.

It seemed like he had successfully repaired his dao channels!

"Senior, I refined a total of three pills in a single pill. Earlier, I also consumed one, but a black thing appeared in my Divine Sense Sea. I don’t know what it is." Chen Xiang said: "The space between the heavens and the earth of my Divine Sense Sea World is connected to this black belt of light."

When Murong Tianqing found out that Chen Xiang had not only refined one pill, his heart was shocked, the pill refining strength of Chen Xiang far exceeded his imagination, and what made him even more surprised was what Chen Xiang had said was the situation in Divine Sense Sea.

"Are you sure?" Murong Tianqing said: "Is there really a black thing inside your Divine Sense Sea?"

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "Yes, why do I have to ’do’ this and not leave, moreover there isn’t any reaction, and there isn’t any aura. What exactly is this thing that has appeared in my Divine Sense Sea, and it’s so long, too annoying."

Murong Tianqing took a deep breath before speaking, "You might not know this ... This black thing is called the Heavenly Passage Channel! "

"Heavenly meridian?" Murong Honglian also did not know about this, so she looked at Chen Cai, only to see Chen Cai shaking his head.

"Yes, a heavenly meridian is a very rare dao vein. The ordinary dao vein is ultimately connected to the Myriad Tao, and the heavenly meridian is connected to the Myriad Tao. It is able to directly absorb the power above the Myriad Tao." Murong Tianqing said: "This is also a state that many experts at the peak of World Defying Stage pursue. Only when you have reached this realm can you train without worries, and absorb the power from above!"

"What power does the Myriad Tao possess?" Chen Xiang never thought that he would actually be able to cultivate such a strange Heaven Opening Meridian after consuming the Primordial Meridian Pill.

"I don’t know either." Murong Tianqing shook his head: "I only heard about it because there aren’t many people who possess an Invigorated Meridian, I have never seen them before."

Chen Cai said: "The strongest above Myriad Tao should be the World Defying Stage Fierce Power!"

"World Defying Stage Fierce Power?" Chen Xiang closed his eyes. He wanted to try and see if he could absorb it, but he did not.

"Yes, this is the strongest power that exists above the Myriad Tao. However, it’s not good to absorb it. Chen Cai said: "As for how to obtain it, I’m not sure. I just know that."

Chen Cai knew a little about the matters above Myriad Tao, so he knew what kind of power was above.

"It’s definitely going to be of great use. It’s just that I’m currently unable to use it." Murong Tianqing said. At this point in time, he had already become very spirited, and this was also because of the pill’s power, which was why he was able to recover so quickly after consuming it.

"En!" Chen Xiang nodded: "Senior, are you feeling better now?"

Murong Tianqing laughed, and nodded: "It’s much better now, this should let me live for another tens of thousands of years, thank you!"

"You’re welcome. In this situation, we should be helping each other." Chen Xiang smiled.

"Those fellows from the Mu Rong family are idiots. You are a good person, but they have repaid their debt to you. Otherwise, this would not have happened." Murong Honglian thought about how the Mu Rong family treated Chen Xiang in such a way, and he felt very angry in his heart, even though the Mu Rong family was already destroyed.

"It’s all in the past!" Chen Xiang laughed: "Right now, all we need to do is to guard against the He Clan a little."

"There’s also the Heaven Old Orcs." Chen Cai added.

Hearing about Heaven Old Orcs, Chen Xiang’s face darkened, this was a huge threat.

These few days, Chen Cai had also told Murong Honglian and Murong Tianqing about the appearance of the Heaven Old Orcs. Now, when they heard these four words, they couldn’t be happy anymore.

"Seems like I have to quickly ’understand’ the World Defying Stage Fierce Power." Right now, they were all from the World Defying Stage. If they could use the World Defying Stage Divine Power well, it would be strong enough.

But the World Defying Stage Fierce Power looked much stronger than the World Defying Stage Divine Power.

"The reason why Heaven Old Orcs is so powerful is because they have mastered a few World Defying Stage Fierce Power." Chen Cai continued: "Now if you want to control the World Defying Stage Fierce Power, your body needs to be strengthened, and Heaven Old Orcs’s body is innately able to contain this kind of berserk energy." Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Murong Tianqing hastily took out a wooden box and handed it over to Chen Xiang: "Chen Xiang, inside is the Heavenly God’s Heart Fruit. If you can refine this into a pill, eating it will definitely be of great help to your body."

"Oh?" Chen Xiang took the Heavenly Source Spirit Heart Fruit and examined it. It was extremely beautiful, like a transparent crystal heart. Furthermore, there was a faint white light inside the crystal heart.

"Chen Cai told us before, that the main reason the Heaven Old Orcs were strong was because they had a very strong beast heart!" Murong Tianqing looked at Chen Cai and continued: "The hearts of the Heaven Old Orcs are strong, so their bodies are very terrifying! It should be able to help you cultivate a powerful heart. "

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "I will try."

The God’s Heart Fruit looked very fragile. If one pressed it with their finger, it would feel like it was being crushed. And this kind of fruit could make a person’s heart grow stronger, it was rather strange.

After Chen Xiang received it, he immediately wanted to refine it, because the thing that made him most curious was the World Defying Stage Fierce Power. The Heavenly Passage Channel had appeared within the Divine Sense Sea, but right now, he was not qualified enough to absorb the World Defying Stage Fierce Power for cultivation.

...