Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang anxiously rushed into the stone room, just as he ’opened’ the ’door, Murong Honglian anxiously shouted: "There are a lot of people approaching!"

"Who are they?" Chen Xiang asked quickly.

"He Clan’s ... As for the Mu Rong family and the other families ... They should all have pledged their allegiance to He Clan. " Murong Honglian anxiously said: "We need to quickly leave this man."

"Go outside Myriad Tao Forest." Chen Cai shouted, "Heaven Old Orcs will soon be breaking through that barrier. When that time comes, hehe ..."

Chen Xiang’s eyes lit up, and then, he took out the Six Realms mirrors, allowing everyone to board the Six Realms mirrors. After that, he used the Time and space power to bring everyone out of the Myriad Tao Forest.

"They should have come here by sensing your World Defying Green dragon." Murong Honglian said: "I wonder if they found out that you pretended to be Murong Dihua."

Previously, Chen Xiang had caused a ruckus in the Murong Secret Realm by impersonating Murong Dihua. The people from the Mu Rong family definitely did not suspect anything, because these ancestors were very clear that they had done something to Murong Dihua first. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

After I killed He Huang, the He Clan would definitely be very angry, and using their secret technique, they would be able to detect the aura of the World Defying Green dragon, and then they would be able to track us down. This surprised Chen Xiang, the ancestors of the Mu Rong family hated He Clan to the core.

"There’s nothing to be surprised about. These guys were like this in the first place, the Murong Secret Realm was already destroyed, they had nowhere to go, and He Huang died inside the Murong Secret Realm. If they do not submit to the He Clan, their fate would not be good." Murong Tianqing looked deep into the Myriad Tao Forest, and said with a frown: "Back then, it was precisely when I entered, and my dao veins were cut off. It’s really an extremely painful punishment!"

"We World Defying Stage Clan are like this, we will be trapped by the Myriad Tao’s power for our entire lives." Murong Tianqing sighed: "Even though we were born with great power, our ending isn’t so good."

"Don’t you have eternal life?" Chen Xiang said.

"That’s right, but after living like this for a long time, we’ll be tired of living and want to go to a higher place to have a look. However, we’ve been restricted, and we’re unwilling to commit suicide. We can only live in boredom." Murong Tianqing shook his head and sighed. "The reason I entered this place was to see if I can find the strength to shake off the Myriad Tao!"

"To get rid of the power of the Myriad Tao is to create the World Defying Stage Fierce Power, because this kind of power is not nurtured in the Myriad Tao." Chen Cai said: "All of the energy in your body comes from the Myriad Tao, so it will be driven by the Myriad Tao. If it was the World Defying Stage Fierce Power, then you wouldn’t have such concerns."

Murong Tianqing nodded. He didn’t know that Chen Cai was Heaven Old Orcs, he only knew that he was Chen Xiang’s friend.

"They haven’t come yet!" Chen Xiang looked at the barrier, and frowned: "What exactly happened here? Isn’t the Heaven Old Orcs something that can only be broken after a period of time? "

Chen Xiang looked at Chen Cai, as if he had suddenly realized the truth.

"This Myriad Tao Forest already contained a large amount of World Defying Stage Fierce Power, and only these Heaven Old Orcs could sense and absorb it. Today, they must have found the source of the World Defying Stage Fierce Power, and after absorbing a large amount, they will have sufficient strength to break open the barrier that is restricting them." Chen Cai frowned as he looked at the sky above the Myriad Tao Forest.

"It should be the Human Emperor gathering all of the Heaven Old Orcs’s power there and starting to break through!" Chen Cai said, he could sense that there was a voice calling him, but he did not go over.

Chen Cai was the Heaven Old Orcs, he knew the situation inside, and he could hear the Human Emperor calling him, so he knew that the barrier around the Myriad Tao Forest would not hold much longer.

When the Heaven Old Orcs comes out, he will definitely fight with the World Defying Stage Clan, and at that time, the Divine Wasteland will also fall!

More and more black fog appeared inside the Myriad Tao Forest. In just a short two hours, the entire Myriad Tao Forest was covered by the black fog.

Strong gales erupted within the thick black mist. The dense fog churned and produced purple and red lightning bolts. The lightning bolts flashed densely within the black mist. It was as though a monster was roaring. It was extremely terrifying.

"The fellow from World Defying Stage Clan is here." After Murong Honglian sensed them through the Domain, he anxiously said. "Red Lotus, you and your master should go first. Chen Cai and I will take care of it here!"

"Is that a problem?" Murong Honglian wanted to stay, but she thought that if she was not strong enough, she could not help Chen Xiang.

"No problem." Chen Xiang said: "I can handle it, I’ll come find you guys after a while!"

Although Murong Tianqing had recovered quite a bit, he had not fully recovered, and did not have much strength.

"Then I’ll take my leave first." Murong Tianqing said.

"Mn, in the future, all of you must be careful of He Clan and the rest." Chen Xiang nodded, and then changed into Murong Dihua’s appearance.

Murong Honglian left with Murong Tianqing, and the people from the He Clan arrived quickly.

There were a lot of people in World Defying Stage Clan, especially the few dozen elders in front, they were all extremely powerful ancestor. When Chen Xiang saw that they had arrived, he anxiously brought Chen Cai and entered the Myriad Tao Forest.

When the people of the World Defying Stage Clan arrived and saw the strange scene inside the Myriad Tao Forest, all of their faces turned serious.

"If you are not Murong Dihua, then who exactly are you, someone from the World Defying Stage Clan who is not allowed to enter!" An old man from the Mu Rong family roared. Only then did they realise that someone was pretending to be Murong Dihua, and had messed up their Mu Rong family.

"You’re not stupid!" Chen Xiang laughed, then changed back to his own appearance, he did not expect that he would be seen through so quickly.

Seeing Chen Xiang’s face, the Mu Rong family members became even more furious, they immediately understood many things!

Now, they finally understood that it was a huge mistake to let Murong Honglian ’get’ Chen Xiang in here, and they also understood why Murong Honglian tricked Chen Xiang into here so easily.

"It really is you!" The ancestor of the He Clan said angrily: "If you have the guts, come out from inside the Myriad Tao Forest and take out the courage you had inside the Murong Secret Realm!"

"If there were only a few old turtles like you, I wouldn’t be afraid. But right now, there are just too many of them. I’m really a bit afraid." Chen Xiang laughed out loud: "Of course, no matter how many little turtles there are, I am not afraid. If you guys do not attack, I can kill all the little turtles behind you in an instant."

"The situation in the Myriad Tao Forest is not right, we should leave first, so as to not let the gains not make up for the losses." An old man said softly, at the moment, the Myriad Tao Forest was trembling, and waves of beast roars came out, it was truly terrifying.

"No, Chen Xiang is right in front of us, we must take him down, he is getting stronger and stronger, especially the World Defying Green dragon, if we can’t take him down earlier, even if we get the Myriad Tao’s help, we will still die in the end." The patriarch of the He Clan said in a deep voice: "Think of a way to ’get’ him out. People from the Mu Rong family, aren’t you guys just people who understand the power of space? "Hurry up and ’get him out’!" [Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]

...