Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Although the people of the World Defying Stage Clan were blessed with limitless lifespan by the Myriad Tao, it did not mean that they were invincible. If they met an existence stronger than them, they could still kill them, thus, when they felt the powerful aura of the Heaven Old Orcs, their first reaction was to escape, otherwise, most of them would have died here.

"Chen Cai? "Where are you?" Chen Xiang shouted loudly. Chen Cai had already disappeared, and he did not notice it earlier.

"What’s wrong with this guy?" Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Chen Xiang closed his eyes to feel for it, to see if he could sense Chen Cai, but he did not.

"Forget about him, let’s go first. He might already have left, he has many enemies in the Myriad Tao Forest." Feng Ke’er said: "We’ll find him in the future."

Chen Xiang did not care, because the Heaven Old Orcs was already approaching. If he did not leave, once the Heaven Old Orcs arrived here, he would be in danger.

"Let’s go!" Chen Xiang used the Time and space power and was about to teleport away.

He successfully teleported, but after he teleported successfully, he appeared in a place that he did not wish to reach.

"This is bad!" His face changed dramatically. Normally, when he encountered this sort of situation, the spatial passageway would be teleported away by someone. Anyone with this sort of ability would be very powerful.

He looked around, only to find that he was right inside the Myriad Tao Forest.

"Human brat, you can use the Time and space power, not bad! As long as I eat you, my Time and space power will definitely grow stronger, and then I can leave this damned place, haha ... "

After Chen Xiang heard the sinister laughter, he immediately used Teleportation. This time was just like last time, he had successfully teleported, but he was still at the same place.

To be able to do this, it was much more powerful than a confined space!

"Who are you?" Chen Xiang shouted coldly: "Come out!"

He was sure that this was a Heaven Old Orcs, because Heaven Old Orcs loved to eat people.

"I’ve come out, so what? Do you think you can escape from my palm?" A very tall black-haired man suddenly appeared in front of Chen Xiang. This man had two horns on his head and was wearing a furry fur coat. His eyes were as big as a cow’s eye, making him look like a cow.

Chen Xiang snorted, took out his Six Realms mirrors and climbed onto it, then had Feng Ke’er release a sealing force that prevented the other party from controlling space.

"Tauren, don’t be so arrogant. A rude guy like you is always so arrogant." Chen Xiang said with a cold smile, then rode his Six Realms mirrors and flew forward, and disappeared in an instant.

"I’d like to see what tricks you can pull!" When the Ox-head man heard Chen Xiang’s words, he became extremely angry. He wanted to use the Time and space power to bring Chen Xiang back, but he discovered that his own Time and space power was useless against Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang had met someone who was able to use Time and space power, and was even stronger than him, so he chose not to use Time and space power. This way, he could avoid being controlled by the opponent.

"You’re a bit capable, but I have to eat you even more." The Ox-head man teleported to catch up with Chen Xiang, and quickly appeared in the sky above Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang fiercely sped up, avoided the black ball of light with great danger, and then continued his journey. He didn’t know what was ahead of him, in short, he was still inside the Myriad Tao Forest, as long as he didn’t encounter the Heaven Old Orcs.

The Ox-head man continued to teleport and follow Chen Xiang. He could only teleport to catch up with Chen Xiang, but he was unable to grasp the point where he appeared every time he teleported. He was always at a distance from Chen Xiang, causing him to always be able to dodge attacks from afar!

Chen Xiang had continuously avoided the attacks of the Ox-head man, and they were all extremely dangerous. At this point in time, they were already far away from the group of Heaven Old Orcs.

"Human brat, don’t run if you have the guts!" He had a bad temper, he couldn’t hit Chen Xiang repeatedly. Although he could follow Chen Xiang closely, he couldn’t do anything to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang suddenly stopped running, and rushed straight towards the Ox-head man, and in the moment of flying over, he released a proud divine net that caught the Ox-head man in an instant, causing him to be caught unprepared. He did not expect that if Chen Xiang did not run, he would not run, and he did not expect even more that Chen Xiang would retaliate so quickly.

At the same time, the Six Realms mirrors had already appeared above the Ox-head man’s head. It’s mirror image shone down and released a seal, sealing the Time and space power and preventing the Ox-head man from teleporting away.

"You want to capture me with a broken net? Dream on! " The minotaur laughed heartily. He wanted to tear apart the Primordial Divine Web, but it was difficult.

Chen Xiang rushed over from the side, holding the Heavenly Alchemy Emperor seal in his hand, but he did not use the Heavenly Alchemy Emperor seal to attack. Instead, he used the Heavenly magic sword to stab the Ox-head man’s heart, and then using the Emperor seal to attack his chest, he released the World Defying Stage Divine Power through the Emperor seal and poured in the wound on his chest, directly shattering that powerful heart.

The heart was the most important, and also the most fatal thing to the Heaven Old Orcs. Usually, there would be extremely strong protection on the chest and back of the Heaven Old Orcs, most of them being something like scales, even the Ox-heads had it. However, the Heavenly magic sword had been refined by a large number of Myriad Tao Divine Soil, and became extremely sharp, allowing Chen Xiang to easily pierce through it.

After the minotaur’s heart was shattered, it died in an instant and lay on its back on the ground!

Chen Xiang threw his body into the Six Realms mirrors and fed it to the toad.

"Does this stupid cow really think I’m afraid of him?" Chen Xiang let out a snort and heaved a sigh of relief. The reason why he ran such a far distance was partly to distance himself from the Heaven Old Orcs army, and partly to make the Tauren believe that he was afraid, so he escaped. In the end, he made the arrogant Tauren lower its guard, and he succeeded in his counterattack.

Chen Xiang rested for a moment, then used Time and space power Teleportation!

However, this time he was stopped once again, and this time it was even more terrifying than the last. He was directly sent flying out of the space with a slap.

"You killed the Ox King. You have some skills! You should be the one who killed the Bear King from before! "

After Chen Xiang was struck, he only felt as if his body was going to split apart. What was even more terrifying was that there was still an extremely terrifying ball of scorching energy raging within his body, and it was so hot that it caused him to feel painful.

"You ... "Who are you!" Chen Xiang could only see a middle aged man wearing a red robe floating in the air. The middle aged man’s head was wrapped in a ball of flame, so he could not see his face.

"This is the Human Emperor. I know all about this. Don’t worry, I won’t eat a guy like you. It’s too weak!"

Chen Xiang never thought that he would meet the Human Emperor in the Heaven Old Orcs so quickly.

"You killed three of my subordinates, now you can pay with your life!" The Human Emperor raised his hand and struck towards Chen Xiang.

The Six Realms mirrors suddenly leapt out of his body and blocked the palm strike. In addition, a ball of blue light exploded out of the mirror, enveloping the Human Emperor who was covered in flames.

"It’s water!" The Human Emperor was furious, his voice carried a tinge of fear, seeing that he was extremely afraid of water, Chen Xiang took the chance to use the Six beasts’s power, transforming into a space-time energy and teleported away.

!!