Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang lied on top of the Six Realms mirrors, his body was already heavily injured, but he was quickly absorbing the power of rebirth released by the Mei Jing Sisters to treat his injuries.

"This guy is too terrifying, he should be using the World Defying Stage Fierce Power, I have no way to block it!" Chen Xiang thought of the Human Emperor’s palm, which had easily beat him to such a state.

"Yes, he’s going to catch up soon. This time, we have to run away." Feng Ke’er said, just now, even if she did make a move, she would control the killing array inside the Six Realms mirrors to attack.

Her judgement was correct. She determined that the Human Emperor was extremely afraid of the power of water, so she released a very strong attack of water, causing the Human Emperor to pause for a while. Although it angered the Human Emperor more, it gave Chen Xiang more time to escape.

Chen Xiang tried his best to teleport forward. As long as he was far away from the Human Emperor, he would be safer.

"Human brat, don’t run. I will definitely eat you whole." The Human Emperor’s angry roars enveloped the Myriad Tao Forest, and when Chen Xiang heard it, he could not help but feel a chill down his spine.

However, he was not scared to the point that he did not dare to run. He continued to run!

He did not dare return to the Dan God Mysterious Land. If the Human Emperor was able to follow him, then it would harm the entire Natural Law World. With the Human Emperor’s strength, it would be as easy as flipping his hand to destroy the entire Natural Law World.

The ground in front of him suddenly began to shake. It seemed as if there was some kind of power in that piece of land, as it started to split apart bit by bit as if it was being torn apart, creating a deep crevice.

"What is this? Is this the Human Emperor’s attack? " Chen Xiang was startled, the purple mist that he spat out was extremely large, in an instant it had enveloped the entire area, and Chen Xiang did not dare to get any closer.

And what was inconceivable to him was that after he stopped, the Heaven Old Orc Emperor did not chase after him.

"He doesn’t dare to come in, there’s clearly something he’s worried about." Feng Ke’er said: "This was not made by him, it was formed naturally. I don’t know the reason, but I guess it has something to do with the broken barrier of the Myriad Tao Forest."

Just as Feng Ke’er finished speaking, a gust of violent wind blew past, completely dispersing the purple mist. The aura of the Heaven Old Orc Emperor was approaching as well.

"He blew the purple mist away. Let’s go!" Feng Ke’er had already controlled the Six Realms mirrors to fly forward, and then entered the crack that suddenly appeared.

"Human brat, you will only die an even worse death if you go down. If you come up obediently, I will make your death a bit more comfortable." The voice of the Heaven Old Orc Emperor trembled. It was obvious that he was angry because he could not personally kill Chen Xiang. Just now, Chen Xiang had splashed him with water.

"Bastard! Stupid turtle! Stupid donkey! You son of a bitch called yourself the Human Emperor! Pah! Just you wait! Sooner or later, I will chop off that raging ass’s head and feed it to the toad!" Chen Xiang’s continuous angry curses came from below.

"Ahh ..." After Heaven Old Orc Emperor heard it, he immediately became furious, and ferociously shot out fireballs that were like the blazing sun and radiated radiance towards the crevice.

These balls of flames all carried an extremely terrifying World Defying Stage Fierce Power. Chen Xiang was already underneath the crevice, but he still felt a very strong sense of pressure, making it hard for him to breathe.

However, as soon as the ball of fire entered the purple mist, it melted away at an extremely fast speed, then turned into a purple colored mist and dispersed. Seeing this scene, Chen Xiang couldn’t help but be shocked.

"What is this place?" Chen Xiang lied on the side of the Six Realms mirrors, looking at the bottomless pit that was continuously surging with purple mist ...

"I don’t know, but Heaven Old Orcs seems to be a little afraid of this place, so he didn’t dare come down." Feng Ke’er said: "Did you feel that something was wrong?"

"No!" Chen Xiang reached out his hand to feel the purple mist, but he didn’t feel anything amiss.

Following that, he released another wave of World Defying Stage Divine Power.

The World Defying Stage Divine Power melted in the purple mist very quickly!

"We can’t use the World Defying Stage Divine Power here?" Chen Xiang took a deep breath.

"It should be. You can’t use the World Defying Stage Fierce Power either, so you don’t know what’s below it and why it suddenly appeared. But it’s also because it’s suddenly appeared that you can be saved." Feng Ke’er was also curious about this.

The Six Realms mirrors slowly descended. Chen Xiang wanted to go down to see what was down there. Generally, the bottom would be the core of the earth, and the core would be a very strong existence.

"The Divine Wasteland is so powerful. The Core must be very powerful." Chen Xiang was filled with anticipation. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Three days had passed, Chen Xiang never thought that the core of the earth was so deep, and did not reach the bottom even after a long time, and the purple mist beneath it was getting thicker and thicker.

"There must be a very strong energy source down there." Chen Xiang looked down, other than the purple mist, he could not see anything else.

In the past few days, he had been trying to recover from his injuries, but luckily it was only injuries on his body, so his Divine Sense Sea was fine. With Mei Jing Sisters’s powerful regeneration ability, he recovered very quickly, and had completely recovered.

After a few days, the purple fog was finally gone!

"I guessed wrong, the purple mist didn’t come from the bottom?" When Chen Xiang arrived, he found out that the purple mist was coming from the two walls under the crevice, but it was pitch black below.

"Let’s give it a try!" He let out a ball of World Defying god fire, but the moment the World Defying god fire appeared, it was extinguished and could not be released at all.

"What the heck is going on?" Chen Xiang was already unable to see the two walls. At this moment, he was in a world which was completely dark, where he could not see anything. There was not a single bit of light, and he was also unable to emit any light.

When Feng Ke’er came out from the Six Realms mirrors, her pair of translucent wings released a faint light.

Chen Xiang, who was initially immersed in darkness and felt uneasy, felt relieved when he saw that his body was emitting a faint light aura. He pinched Feng Ke’er’s cute and innocent face and laughed: "The light aura around your body has not been melted!"

"What a strange place!" Feng Ke’er stood on top of the Six Realms mirrors and shouted with her tender and sweet voice: "Is there anyone here ..."

She shouted a few times, but there was no response. Then, she sat down in frustration.

"Six Realms mirrors can actually fly. It seems that as long as all sorts of energy appear here and is sensed, it will be refined." Feng Ke’er sighed, "Not even a ghost place, not even a ghost."

"Let Well-informed Ghost take a look!" Chen Xiang laughed, then told the Well-informed Ghost who was cultivating inside the Six Realms mirrors to come out. After the Well-informed Ghost ate Chen Xiang’s pellet, he was also in the sacred level of the World Defying Stage.

After Well-informed Ghost came out, he closed his eyes and released his innate technique to investigate his surroundings.

"Are there any residual souls here?" Feng Ke’er asked anxiously.

"Yes, a lot!" Well-informed Ghost’s tone was solemn, causing Chen Xiang and Feng Ke’er to be shocked.

!!