Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

There were a lot of residual souls, which meant that a lot of people had died in the past, which meant that this place was filled with danger. However, Chen Xiang did not find anything dangerous, and this place looked very peaceful.

"I wonder what will happen after we leave the Six Realms mirrors. This is really a strange world, I can’t feel the aura of the Myriad Tao’s power here." Feng Ke’er said.

"We’ll know when Well-informed Ghost collects the memories of the remnant souls." Chen Xiang laughed: "Although I do not know where we are, but right now, we are safer than us."

"That’s true. If it was above that, he would have been killed by that Heaven Old Orc Emperor a long time ago. That fellow using that World Defying Stage Fierce Power is really scary." Feng Ke’er said, then patted Well-informed Ghost’s shoulder.

"Do you have any idea? Can you tell us if this is a safe place, so that we can prepare! "

Well-informed Ghost frowned: "Could it be that you think this place looks extremely safe? For there to be such a large number of remnant souls here, it is definitely not a safe place! "

These words caused Chen Xiang and Feng Ke’er’s bodies to tremble. Originally, the two of them were very relaxed, but now they immediately tensed up and became extremely vigilant.

"Just what is the danger?!" Feng Ke’er asked: "You are now part of the World Defying Stage, so you should be able to organize the memories within the remnant souls a little faster, right?"

"Mm, it will be much faster than before. I’ll be able to sort it out soon." The Well-informed Ghost said.

Chen Xiang and Feng Ke’er stopped talking at this time, they were extremely focused on their surroundings and were paying attention to the situation around them. Although they could not see anything in the darkness, they could still sense the presence of the auras, and felt that if something approached them, they would definitely be able to detect it.

An hour had passed and Well-informed Ghost was already sweating profusely. He opened his eyes and said: "Looks like this is not a safe place. It’s very dangerous!"

"What’s the danger?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"This place is called No Tao Place and is an extremely secretive place within the Myriad Tao. Although it is inside the Myriad Tao’s power, due to certain reasons, the power of the Myriad Tao cannot enter this place. There is also a very mysterious power here that can directly dissolve the power of the Myriad Tao."

The Well-informed Ghost said, "You should have already tried to release your energy before it dissolved, right?"

Chen Xiang and Feng Ke’er both nodded.

"That is indeed the case ... I never thought that there would be such a place. " Chen Xiang felt very surprised, because that crevice suddenly appeared. Otherwise, how would they have known that they would be running up there to avoid the Human Emperor?

"The Myriad Tao’s power did not cover this place, so many years later, because of the mysterious power, some lives were born here, and some humans even entered this place from the outside."

"So you must be careful, there are many powerful people here, you should be clear that you cannot use the power of the Myriad Tao here, the World Defying Stage Divine Power you all cultivate is based on the power of the Myriad Tao, so when the time comes, you must not use it, but because the people inside are growing in this kind of environment, even if they do not rely on the power of the Myriad Tao, they can still become extremely powerful."

Right, quickly withdraw your light, we are currently in the darkness of the No Tao Place, this place is also very dangerous, that’s why there are a large number of remnant souls here, in the darkness there are a few beasts, if there is light, they will be lured here.

Well-informed Ghost looked at Feng Ke’er and quickly urged him on.

After Feng Ke’er heard this, the light on his body disappeared, and everything became pitch black. He could not see anything.

"I’m going to enter the Six Realms mirrors first. If I encounter any danger, I won’t be able to help in any way, and instead will be a burden to you." The Well-informed Ghost said.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang nodded, then said to Feng Ke’er: "You should also enter the You Yao Mountain Villa. If you encounter any situation outside, I can handle it myself, it’ll be a bit easier."

After Feng Ke’er entered the You Yao Mountain Villa, he tried to use the Time and space power, but he couldn’t use it here, so he couldn’t teleport. However, if he used the power of time alone, that wouldn’t be a problem.

Chen Xiang rode on the Six Realms mirrors and asked Well-informed Ghost inside: "Where is there someone inside No Tao Place? Are all the people here friendly? "

"It’s hard to say, but there should be friendly people. After all, there are a lot of people who entered this place from the outside. As for why they came in, I’m not sure!" There are people at the bottom of this place, and there’s light. You’ll know when you get down there. "

Well-informed Ghost was able to extract a lot of memories from a large number of residual souls. After organizing, he would be able to understand a lot of things.

He slowly descended. What he did not understand was that the top was so dark while the bottom was bright!

When he landed, he felt a weak breeze blowing, causing him to control the Six Realms mirrors to descend. After that, a wave of cold air attacked him, and something was flying towards him, emitting cold air all over.

"So dangerous!" Although Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors was protected by an array, he was still a little worried about the array. This was because the No Tao Place was very strange, and World Defying Stage Divine Power was not useful in here.

"What is it?" Chen Xiang could not see anything, the Spatial Perception Domain that he had released was useless as it could not allow him to sense the surrounding space.

"Could it be that the spatial energy is different from the Myriad Tao’s?" Chen Xiang was suspicious. Although the power of time could be used, it meant that the time here was the same as in the Myriad Tao world. However, the power of space was not.

"It’s here again!" Chen Xiang once again sensed the cold Qi approaching him, and his speed became even faster than before. He was unable to dodge at all, as he was struck by something, and his chest also felt an ice-cold pain as something pierced into his body just now.

"It’s claws!" Chen Xiang immediately summoned his Heavenly magic sword and slashed at the thing that was tearing his neck apart.

He could feel that he had hit something, and it had even broken into several pieces.

"What the hell is this?!" Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief, because he did not move after taking the object, nor did he continue to tear and bite at it. He was certain that he had been killed, and placed it inside the Tianchuang furnace. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"It’s actually a black panther!" When Chen Xiang saw the panther that was covered in black and gray stripes, his heart turned cold. Just now, his proud divine body had been easily pierced through by the claws, and his shoulder had been bitten off a large chunk of flesh.

!!