Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang asked the Mei Jing Sisters inside the You Yao Mountain Villa to release the power of rebirth to heal his injured body.

"This animal is actually this powerful? It broke through my body so easily!" Chen Xiang’s Primordial Divine Body was extremely strong, even if he had been struck by the Human Emperor earlier, it would only be an internal injury.

But that panther had easily pierced through his body and even bit off a chunk of flesh.

Chen Xiang looked at the leopard inside the Tianchuang furnace, and then released the World Defying god fire!

Originally, he thought that he would not be able to release it.

"So that’s how it is. There is a mysterious power floating in this No Tao Place. As long as the Myriad Tao comes into contact with this mysterious power, it will immediately dissolve." Chen Xiang used the Dao heart Eye to look around, but he did not see anything.

He used the World Defying god fire to burn the leopard inside the Tianchuang furnace. He used the strong World Defying god fire to burn it, but there was no movement. The leopard’s body was very strong, so the World Defying god fire was unable to burn it to ashes.

"Don’t tell me the mysterious power here can make a person’s body even stronger?" Chen Xiang felt that if he did not possess a Heavenly magic sword, it would be difficult for him to kill that leopard.

"It really is difficult to burn." Chen Xiang did not continue to try. He did not know how long it would take, and he was surrounded by danger.

The Six Realms mirrors continued to descend, and it was very clear that there was something even stronger below, if there was light below, then maybe he could meet humans.

A few days later, he had already reached the bottom. As he walked down the Six Realms mirrors, he had a feeling that he was standing on solid ground.

"There’s no light here!" Chen Xiang looked around him; it was still pitch black. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

He told this matter to the Well-informed Ghost.

"The area you are in isn’t a light area, it should be a dark area. Take a look around." The Well-informed Ghost said.

Chen Xiang ran wildly on the ground for two days before he saw a bright light up ahead.

He entered the light, and it was as if he entered a world full of life. It was extremely warm to see sunlight shining inside, and he was extremely cold back in the dark area. Even the beasts inside had a chill about them, just like the leopard that had ambushed him.

"I can finally see the light!" Chen Xiang bent over and grabbed a handful of grass, the grass was very ordinary, not like the plants in Divine Wasteland, which contained a dense amount of Myriad Tao energy.

"Sunlight, blue sky, white clouds!" Chen Xiang looked up into the sky: "To think that there would be such a world hidden within the Divine Wasteland."

"I wonder how the people here cultivate." Chen Xiang walked on these plains and tried a few more times, but he was still unable to use the power of teleportation or release the World Defying Stage Divine Power.

"There seems to be someone up ahead!" Chen Xiang suddenly saw a black shadow appear in the distance in front of him.

When he walked over, he saw a middle-aged man in black fighting with a white boar.

"Is this wild boar very strong?" Chen Xiang saw the wild boar stand motionlessly on the spot, while the black clad middle-aged man walked towards it very cautiously, as if he was extremely afraid of being attacked by a wild boar.

The wild boar howled and fiercely rushed forward, its speed so fast that it seemed to have teleported, making Chen Xiang unable to catch the wild boar’s tracks with his eyes, and the moment the wild boar appeared, it caused Chen Xiang’s hair to stand on end. It directly appeared behind the black clothed middle aged man, and its teeth were about to pierce into his back.

The black-clothed middle-aged man shouted loudly. The muscles on his back suddenly swelled up. Although the wild boar tooth had already pierced through, it didn’t pierce through.

At the same time, the middle-aged man in black hurriedly turned around and grabbed the wild boar teeth in an instant. He broke the white boar teeth, causing the wild boar to scream in pain.

After the wild boar fell to the ground, the black clothed middle-aged man kicked the wild boar’s head and sent it flying. The wild boar also vomited blood.

"Such a weak wild boar!" The black clothed middle-aged man looked at the wild boar’s teeth in his hands, and shook his head with a sigh, "None of them are able to pierce through my body!"

Chen Xiang thought that the black clothed middle aged man would go and catch the wild boar, but he did not. Instead, he anxiously ran towards Chen Xiang, and in the blink of an eye, he was already behind Chen Xiang.

"Young man, it was very rude of you to be there." The middle-aged man’s expression was solemn, and his tone carried a trace of hostility.

"I’m sorry!" Chen Xiang anxiously apologized. Just now, the black clothed middle aged man was fighting, but he did not inform the black clothed middle man about it. He only said this because he thought that the black clothed middle aged man was suspected of sneak attacking him.

"You came from the Myriad Tao?" The black clothed middle-aged man frowned and said, "It’s been a long time since someone has come from above."

"Yes!" "Uncle, your body is truly amazing. How did you cultivate it?" Chen Xiang did not sense any aura from this black clad middle-aged man, but this black clad middle-aged man’s physical body gave him a very powerful feeling, and he felt that he was definitely not his match.

"I train here, and you want to learn too?" The black clothed middle aged man sized up Chen Xiang and said: "Your foundation is pretty good, but you mainly focused on cultivating the power of the Myriad Tao previously, so you have a heavy reliance on the power of the Myriad Tao."

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "That’s right, could it be that just cultivating the body is stronger than training the Myriad Tao?"

Chen Xiang not only wanted to cultivate the power of the Myriad Tao, he also wanted to cultivate the World Defying Stage Fierce Power above the Myriad Tao.

"Of course, the reason why we Pathless Cultivators cultivate so unscrupulously is so that we can escape the constraints of the Myriad Tao." The black-clothed middle-aged man said, "Now that you’ve come to attack me, I want to see if you’re worth it for me to nurture you with."

Chen Xiang was more confident in his own physical strength. He immediately threw a punch out, and directly used his physical strength to attack. His punch out was not slow, and was also very strong, but the black clothed middle aged man did not dodge at all, and was directly hit!

His fist landed on the black-clothed middle-aged man’s abdomen, but the black-clothed middle-aged man stood there unmoving. Chen Xiang was also standing there as if he had hit a stiff iron block.

"You’re a little weak!" The black-clothed middle-aged man’s eyes held a trace of ridicule.

Chen Xiang retreated a few steps, took a few deep breaths, and then walked out again. At the same time, he allowed the World Defying Green dragon inside the Divine Sense Sea to attach themselves to his arm, causing his arm to swell up.

Bang!

Chen Xiang punched out again, striking the black-clothed man’s abdomen. This time, he forced the black-clothed man to take a few steps back.

"Is he using the power of the Myriad Tao?" The black clothed middle aged man never thought that Chen Xiang’s strength would suddenly increase by so much.

"I don’t know either!" Chen Xiang laughed, he had only fused with the World Defying Green dragon’s power just now, as for whether or not he was using the Myriad Tao’s power, he did not know.

!!