Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, Chen Xiang also realized how strong the humans here were. Even though he was using the full strength of the World Defying Green dragon, he was still only able to push him back! Of course, if he were to use the power of the Myriad Tao, then he would definitely be even more powerful.

He felt that the only reason he looked so much weaker than his opponent was because he was unable to use the Myriad Tao’s power.

"Then do you dare to take a punch from me?" The black clothed middle-aged man laughed: "If you can hold on, I will bring you here to cultivate!"

Chen Xiang didn’t really understand this black clad middle-aged man. Even though this was the first time he had seen him, this unassuming black clothed middle-aged man gave him a good impression. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"Alright, I’ll take your punch!" Chen Xiang took a deep breath, he was already prepared.

"Bring it on!" Just as he finished yelling, the black-clothed middle-aged man arrived in front of him and threw a fist at him.

The moment the fist came over, it erupted with an imposing manner, which was not the power of the Myriad Tao, but the explosive power of the punch. The force of the fist enveloped his entire body, causing his entire body to be in pain, he could already feel that the Bones in his body was being broken, and in an instant, it was all shattered.

The fist stopped an inch away from his abdomen. Although the fist did not touch his body, it had already shattered all of the Bones in his body.

"That’s right, I’m willing to take you cultivation. Come back with me. Although your injuries are quite severe, you don’t have to worry. I can cure you very soon." After the black clothed middle-aged man finished speaking, he hoisted Chen Xiang onto his shoulder and began to quickly run away.

Chen Xiang’s entire body was in pain, but he did not faint. At this time, he was already deeply shocked by the fist, he felt that if the black clothed middle aged man went up, with just his physical strength, he might be able to fight against the Heaven Old Orc Emperor.

"Uncle... Are you the strongest here? " Although he was being carried on his shoulder, he did not feel the bumpiness.

"No, although there aren’t many experts like me here, there are quite a few of them ..." I will bring you to the City of Pathless right now, there are a lot of Pathless Cultivators and some of them are also cultivating arduously from the Myriad Tao. " The black-clothed middle-aged man said, "What is your name? My name is Ji Xingyuan. "

"Chen Xiang!"

Chen Xiang moaned in pain, "Uncle, when will we arrive? "How long would it take to cultivate it to your level?"

"There’s still an hour before it arrives. If you want to become as strong as me, you’ll need at least ten thousand years!" Ji Xingyuan laughed: "This is something that cannot be rushed, you look quite young, and since you have come here, you should cultivate patiently."

"Ten thousand years!" Chen Xiang sighed in his heart, it had been too long for him.

"Uncle, why are there so many people from the Myriad Tao, and how did they all come here?" Chen Xiang asked again, he was extremely curious about the existence of this No Tao Place.

"How did you do it?" Ji Xingyuan asked: "According to what I know, the way they come here is similar."

"The earth suddenly cracked open ... I was running for my life, and then I hid down here. " Chen Xiang said: "We came here in the end. I was attacked by a black leopard earlier!"

"The reason the earth suddenly cracked open was because the No Tao Place felt a strong force, which was why the Boundless Way was opened to invite the expert over, however ... "Looks like you want to invite that guy who wants to kill you. That guy is very strong." Ji Xingyuan said.

"There’s such a thing?" Chen Xiang was very surprised that the crack on the ground was actually opened for the Heaven Old Orc Emperor.

"Why did you invite the strong to come down?"

"Although the No Tao Place is the most secretive place in the Myriad Tao, it is under the control of the Myriad Tao’s laws. Anyone who can come here is recognized by the Myriad Tao’s laws, if they want to break away from the Myriad Tao, they have to come here to cultivate the immoral method, and after they become strong, they can go up and practice the Myriad Tao’s method to get rid of the Myriad Tao." Ji Xingyuan replied: "As for why, I don’t know. These are all things that the elders have told us."

This completely subverted Chen Xiang’s understanding of the Myriad Tao. He thought that the Myriad Tao was extremely heartless, but he never expected that a No Tao Place would be prepared for some people to be used for cultivation. As for how they obtained the qualifications to enter the No Tao Place, it was hard to say.

Chen Xiang felt that just by not expending too much of Myriad Tao’s resources and cultivating to the peak of his strength, he should be able to open the Pathless Gate and allow the person to enter the No Tao Place.

Heaven Old Orc Emperor came from above Myriad Tao, so he was already very strong! After he came to the Myriad Tao world, he exploded forth with an extremely strong power within the Myriad Tao world. After that, he was detected by the laws of the Myriad Tao and mistakenly thought that the resources in the Myriad Tao world, which he did not consume much, were this strong, that was why he opened the Door of No Dao!

This was Chen Xiang’s guess, and he felt that it was more reasonable.

"It seems like there are a lot of bad guys in No Tao Place!" Chen Xiang said in a low voice, because the Pathless Gate was opening towards someone like the Heaven Old Orc Emperor.

"That’s true. As long as one is a human, there will be good and bad results." Ji Xingyuan said: "I grew up here, I should be considered a good person, I just often went out to hunt Dark beast."

"The leopard I met before was a Dark beast, right?" Chen Xiang said.

"Yes, you are hidden in the dark. It is already not bad that you can survive from above. Are you not injured by that leopard?" Ji Xingyuan asked.

"Of course there is, but I have recovered ... But now, I have been injured by you. " Chen Xiang curled his lips and said.

Ji Xingyuan carried Chen Xiang and dashed, and chatted with him along the way. Chen Xiang also found out a lot about the immoral city.

There were more than a million people in the Pathless City, so he was shocked by the number. He thought that there were only a few people and the beast stones inside were very important because cultivating the Pathless City would require a large amount of beast stones to absorb the energy inside.

Ji Xingyuan had already brought Chen Xiang into the Pathless City. There were no walls in here, only a lot of buildings. Ji Xingyuan’s residence was relatively quiet, inside a big house by a small river.

After bringing Chen Xiang in, he soaked Chen Xiang in a huge vat. Inside the vat, there was a lot of medicinal juice, and it was even boiling hot.

"Two days is enough!" Ji Xingyuan said: "Stay here, I’ll go out and sell some Dark beast meat for you to eat ... ..."

Chen Xiang wanted to tell him that he still had another leopard, but Ji Xingyuan’s speed was extremely fast, and he disappeared in an instant.

"In addition to the regeneration ability provided to me by the Mei Jing Sisters, I should be able to recover in a day." Chen Xiang had been continuously injured for the past few days, which was a very rare occurrence.

!!