Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

When Ji Xingyuan returned, he was already able to stand up, but he wasn’t able to recover from it. There was still some pain in his body, and his Bones was still extremely weak, he had only just received it, but this caused Ji Xingyuan to be extremely surprised. He didn’t expect that in just a short half a day, Chen Xiang was able to stand up.

"Uncle, what did you buy?" After Chen Xiang walked out, he saw that Ji Xingyuan was holding onto two vats of things. There were no Storage magic treasure s or anything similar, so he had to take a lot of things.

"It’s all the meat of a Dark beast. These things are not cheap, they give me a lot of beast stones." Ji Xingyuan laughed: "So, when you get better, you must come with me to hunt beasts in exchange for beast stones."

Chen Xiang walked over to take a look at the beast meat inside the hill. It was pitch black, making him have no appetite, and he knew that this beast meat was extremely difficult to roast. If he wanted to eat it raw, he wouldn’t be able to.

"How do you want to eat it?" Chen Xiang frowned and asked. When he smelt the smell of the blood, it made him feel a little disgusted.

"Directly eat it... What, you still want to roast? The Dark beast s’ meat was extremely dark and hard to roast. If we use ordinary flames, it will simply be unable to heat them up, let alone roast them. " Ji Xingyuan said.

Chen Xiang had tried to roast the leopard before, and he knew that this type of beast meat was very difficult to roast with flames. However, he only used it for a short period of time last time, and with the power of time and the strong World Defying god fire, he felt that it should be possible.

"Hurry up and go soak in the medicinal bath, you’re still recovering." Ji Xingyuan patted Chen Xiang’s shoulders: "Leave this to me. I will cut it into small pieces and let you swallow it."

Chen Xiang curled his lips: "I won’t eat this thing ... "Let me try. I can roast it!"

"I don’t believe it!" Ji Xingyuan said, "There are many people from the Myriad Tao who are able to condense flames using the World Defying Stage Divine Power in their bodies, but none of them are successful."

"For us to cultivate strong physical bodies, we ought to be extremely masculine. Why would we choose this kind of extremely yin Dark beast meat?" Chen Xiang asked, the black leopard he killed earlier was icy-cold.

"You don’t understand! "Because this kind of Dark beast meat is already extremely dark, to the point where it’s extremely frightening. So when you eat this type of Dark beast meat, you will be able to feel an extremely terrifying masculine strength. You will understand when the time comes." Ji Xingyuan laughed: "If you can roast it, maybe it will lose some of its power, and that won’t be good."

"Don’t worry, I’m the best at this kind of thing." Chen Xiang laughed. He was a Alchemist, so when he was roasting meat, he could completely preserve the energy within the Dark beast meat and even let the energy inside become of a higher quality.

"Then give it a try!" Ji Xingyuan did not object, he was curious about Chen Xiang, since it was not bad that such a young man could still be alive. One must know that for some people who had reached the peak of World Defying Stage, they would all die in the darkness.

"Uncle, are you very poor? So the only thing we can do is to buy this kind of meat that has been stored for a long time? " Chen Xiang saw that the meat was not fresh and did not want to cut it.

"I won’t take your stone, what are you careful of?" Ji Xingyuan curled his lips and said: "It’s already pretty good if there’s something to eat ... ... You don’t have to worry, the Dark beast’s meat itself contains extremely cold energy, and it can be stored for a long time. It doesn’t look new right now, but the energy stored inside is still very rich. "

Chen Xiang took out the leopard meat, and it was already as big as two vats. The meat was very fresh, red and tender, and the meat Ji Xingyuan bought was already black.

"You killed the leopard?" Ji Xingyuan’s eyeballs almost fell out of his eye sockets. He had heard from Chen Xiang that he was attacked by a leopard before, so he thought that Chen Xiang would be able to dodge the attack.

Ji Xingyuan looked carefully at the leopard and realised that the leopard was sliced open by an extremely sharp weapon. This made him even more shocked, he had always been looking for this kind of sharp weapon, but had never seen one.

"This leopard is not weak... What did you use to cut this leopard open? Can you show it to me? I’ve been looking for this weapon for years. " Ji Xingyuan looked at the cuts and felt extremely shocked in his heart.

"Of course you can!" Chen Xiang took out the Heavenly magic sword and handed it over.

The Heavenly magic sword had already fused with him and no one could take it away from him, so he did not need to worry about Ji Xingyuan taking it away from him.

Holding it in his hand, Ji Xingyuan used his finger to lightly touch the sword tip, and a deep wound immediately appeared, causing him to take a deep breath.

"Awesome!" Ji Xingyuan praised. Although his eyes were filled with envy, there was no greed or jealousy in them, which showed that he did not have the intention to snatch the sword.

He returned the Heavenly magic sword back to Chen Xiang and said, "No wonder you could kill the Dark beast ... Dark beast’s body is very strong, even if you use a weapon it is hard to cut it, it requires a lot of power. "

But when Chen Xiang used Heavenly magic sword, it was as easy as slicing mud. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

"I’ll try and see if I can roast it. You can return with this meat. When I’m better, I’ll go hunt some." Chen Xiang laughed: "In the dark regions, there should be a lot of these Dark beast."

"There are a lot of them. If I have a weapon like you, it would be very easy to get my hands on them ..." By the way, when you go out, don’t show off your sword everywhere! The Pathless City seems to be more peaceful and harmonious as a whole, but there are still some bad guys hiding here. If they were to find out that they were greedy, they would definitely come and snatch it away. " Ji Xingyuan warned Chen Xiang.

"Alright, I understand." Chen Xiang threw the leopard meat into the Tianchuang furnace, then hastily ran into a room.

When Ji Xingyuan saw Chen Xiang’s Tianchuang furnace, his eyes revealed suspicion. He wanted to ask Chen Xiang some questions, but Chen Xiang had already entered the room. He could only wait for Chen Xiang to come out before asking him.

"What a mystical guy. If his body was as strong as mine, then when it was combined with his sharp sword, it would truly be too terrifying. Luckily, this boy has quite a nice personality." Ji Xingyuan smiled in a gratified manner, then lifted the two urns of Dark beast’s meat and quickly left.

Chen Xiang’s body was still recovering from the regeneration ability released by the Mei Jing Sisters, which did not affect him from releasing the World Defying god fire to roast the Dark beast’s meat.

"I can definitely roast it, but that will take some time. I have added two layers of Time Domain s into the Tianchuang furnace, I should be able to finish it quickly, right?"

Chen Xiang followed his thoughts. After he had released the dual Time Domain, the time inside was basically accelerating, and also by many times. If he wanted to maintain the intensity of the flames inside, then he would have to consume a lot of World Defying Stage Divine Power s every second.

!!