Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Right now, Chen Xiang only wanted to roast the Dark beast’s meat, so it was not as hard as refining pills. He only needed to pay attention to the temperature inside, and at the same time, simply refine it to prevent the energy from coming out.

He burned it for half a day before he finally roasted the Dark beast meat. Then, he added some seasonings on top of that, making the meat even more delicious.

"In order to eat this kind of meat, I had to use more than half of my World Defying Stage Divine Power to roast it. It’s really not easy." Chen Xiang placed the meat on a large plate and carried it out.

He had just opened the door, when the smell of meat wafted in the air. Ji Xingyuan, who was outside, couldn’t help but swallow his saliva when he smelled it.

"Really? It’s only been half a day and you’ve already succeeded. Ji Xingyuan anxiously walked over.

"Eat!" Chen Xiang said while grinning, Ji Xingyuan impolitely grabbed a piece of meat and took a bite.

Although the Dark beast meat was extremely tough, after being roasted by Chen Xiang, it became extremely tender, and could be crushed very easily.

"Delicious, is this really the Dark beast meat? I just don’t know if there’s the original effect. " Ji Xingyuan was a little worried, because while eating it raw, it could preserve a lot of the energy in the Dark beast meat.

"There must be. None of the internal energy has escaped at all." Chen Xiang laughed: "If you don’t believe me, just eat a few more pieces, you’ll know after a while."

Just now, Chen Xiang had already eaten a large piece of flesh, and he could already clearly feel that kind of mysterious power fusing into his body bit by bit. Although he didn’t feel his body becoming stronger, he was sure that this mysterious power would be able to make him stronger.

"En!" After Ji Xingyuan ate the piece in his hand, he praised it endlessly. One must know that he had eaten raw before, and it was extremely hard to eat as well.

The Dark beast’s meat was extremely tough to begin with, so even using a few sharp knives would require a long time to cut. Not to mention using one’s teeth to bite it, so it had to be swallowed while eating.

When Chen Xiang roasted the meat, he used the method of refining pills, which was why he could refine the meat into a tender piece of meat.

"Hurry up and eat it, or I won’t be able to hold it in." Ji Xingyuan licked his lips and laughed.

"When I get a little more Dark beast meat next time, I’ll be able to eat it to my heart’s content." Chen Xiang snickered.

Ji Xingyuan also returned to his room, he really liked this kind of meat, if he were to watch Chen Xiang eat it, he wouldn’t be able to take it.

Chen Xiang quickly ate all the meat.

After he finished eating, Ji Xingyuan walked out of the room. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"Chen Xiang, is that thing you took out earlier a cauldron?" Ji Xingyuan asked. He wanted to ask just now.

"Yes, is there no such thing here?" Chen Xiang took out the Tianchuang furnace again.

"Yes, but not often." Ji Xingyuan said: "This thing looks like it can concoct pills, do you know how to?"

Ji Xingyuan had this suspicion, because only pill refiners could use such strong flames. For Chen Xiang to be able to roast the Dark beast meat in such a short period of time, it could be seen how strong the flames he controlled were.

"Hmm, are there pill refiners here too?" Ji Xingyuan was a local born Pathless Cultivator, he actually knew about all these.

"No, but we did!" Ji Xingyuan sighed: "I once had a friend who concocts pills, but he has already left this place."

"Your friend must be from the Myriad Tao." Chen Xiang said: "For a Alchemist to be able to come here, their strength must be pretty good."

This made Chen Xiang curious. Ji Xingyuan had said before that only with the approval of the No Tao Place would one be able to open the Pathless Gate and allow people to enter. This was an opportunity to let this person out of the Myriad Tao.

When he came, his body was as weak as yours. I originally thought that it would take him ten to twenty thousand years to master his Dao realm, but who would’ve thought that in a mere hundred years, he would become even stronger than me. In the end, I don’t even know where he went. Ji Xingyuan said: "Initially, he wanted to teach me alchemy, but I could not learn it, because I do not have the World Defying Stage Divine Power in my body, so I am not able to release fire."

"The most important thing in pill refining is flame." Chen Xiang said: "Uncle, if you have the chance, you should go to Myriad Tao to take a look. Both Wudao and Myriad Tao cultivate so that you can become stronger.

"That’s what my friend told me before. Looks like I have to go out and take a look." Ji Xingyuan had already experienced Chen Xiang’s might. Chen Xiang’s strength was not as good as his, but he had very strong weapons, and he could even roast the Dark beast’s meat, and concoct pills.

"Uncle, what’s the name of your friend?" Chen Xiang asked: "How does he look like?"

"He only told me to call him Wang Dao. I called him Old Wang, he’s an old man ..." I’ll draw it for you to see. " Ji Xingyuan took out a pen and paper and quickly drew an image.

"Half-ghost Old Man!" When Chen Xiang saw it, he couldn’t help but shout out in alarm. This was actually the Half-ghost Old Man that he was very familiar with.

The Half-ghost Old Man was extremely mysterious and he still didn’t know what was going on with this person.

"You know him?" Ji Xingyuan was a little happy. Previously, his relationship with Half-ghost Old Man was not bad, and he was his good friend. He also wanted to know the news about his good friend.

"How so? "He can’t be considered to be someone who knows him. This guy is very mysterious. I didn’t know his name before, but he’s a pill cultivating genius with many pill formulas in his hands." Chen Xiang said: "Furthermore, you have mastered many cultivation methods."

In the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, the Half-ghost Old Man gave away many legacies to others.

"I just don’t know what kind of existence he is." Chen Xiang simply told Ji Xingyuan about the Half-ghost Old Man. After Ji Xingyuan heard this, he also felt that his old friend was extremely mysterious.

Previously, when he was here, he would often concoct pills. He told me that the reason why he was so powerful was because he had concocted pills, and this matter was very famous here. He had offended a lot of people here in the past, and when he became strong, he killed all of them. Ji Xingyuan said: "He only left a cave here, no one can enter."

"Cave?" Chen Xiang was very interested in this.

"Yes, he had been concocting pills inside the cave all this time. After he left, many people wanted to enter the cave, but no matter what, they couldn’t open it. Even that mountain couldn’t be destroyed, and now that many years have passed, that mountain is still there. Ji Xingyuan said.

!!