Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang also wanted to go take a look. He checked his injuries, they were more or less healed.

"Uncle, can you take me to have a look? Maybe I can go in." Chen Xiang already knew that the Half-ghost Old Man’s name was Wang Dao, he guessed that the Half-ghost Old Man was already above the Myriad Tao, and could even make contact with them from the bottom of the Myriad Tao.

"Of course you can. Many people here know where the cave is. However, it’s best if you don’t go there right now." Ji Xingyuan said: "That cave is still rather dangerous."

"I’m not afraid!" Chen Xiang was itching to go.

"Wait a little longer ..." "It’s because several groups of people have arrived during this period of time." Ji Xingyuan said, "There are a lot of people who want to leave the city, but they are not willing to give up on their current strength, so they want to enter the cave to see if there is any way to become stronger. When Old Wang came out from inside that year, he became extremely terrifying, killing many powerful enemies within a night.

"At that time, those people didn’t know that he knew how to refine pills, and only I knew that, so they all thought that Old Wang had other things inside the cave."

Chen Xiang nodded, "Then let’s just wait for a while longer!"

Although Ji Xingyuan was strong, a brave warrior could not handle a pack of wolves, if he were to face a lot of powerful warriors, it would be hard for him to fight them alone.

"Since you’ve almost recovered, then I’ll take you to cultivate immorality." Ji Xingyuan said: "I am only instructing you to go to some good places to cultivate. I have always done so before, and Old Wang has always done the same."

Chen Xiang knew that if he wanted to cultivate without a path, he would need to absorb a kind of mysterious power that only existed here.

Chen Xiang followed Ji Xingyuan and ran through a forest. At night, he suddenly felt a breeze blowing.

"Prepare to come, you must be careful." Ji Xingyuan said.

"What should we be careful of?" Just as Chen Xiang finished asking his question, that light breeze suddenly turned into a gale wind, and after being blown all the way here, he felt an incomparable amount of pain.

"It hurts!" Chen Xiang could not help but shout, he looked at Ji Xingyuan, who had a relaxed expression, this kind of wind did not affect him at all.

"This is Wu Dao Gale ..." What do you feel other than pain? " Ji Xingyuan said with a smile.

"Also... It’s very cold! " Chen Xiang’s face was filled with doubt, because this cold feeling did not come from the outside, but was emitted from his body.

"It’s the Dark beast meat!" He had already felt it was strange, why did he only feel a mysterious energy after eating the Dark beast meat, he did not feel the strong Yang energy that Ji Xingyuan said before.

"Yes, Pathless Squall can increase the Supreme Yin Qi in the Dark beast’s meat within your body. Wait a moment, you will be able to feel the process of the Supreme Yin Qi turning into the Supreme Yang Qi." Ji Xingyuan said: "You need to persevere for a while longer."

"En!" This kind of pain was only a small pain to Chen Xiang, he could easily endure it.

The formless gale continued to roar, it was unknown when it would stop.

"He’s here!" Chen Xiang suddenly felt an extremely scorching energy burst out from his body, making his entire body feel extremely hot.

He had been feeling incomparably cold before, but now, it was suddenly boiling hot. What was inconceivable was that after the masculine power erupted from his body, the golden light that was released pierced through his body, causing him to appear as if his entire body was emitting light.

"Just wait until this energy enters your body." Ji Xingyuan said: "Every two hours, Gale Wu Dao will appear, and only after you have completely digested the energy in your body will it be considered complete."

"After I’m done, I will take you to another place to cultivate." Ji Xingyuan said, "As long as you do this frequently in the future, I don’t need to help you cultivate your cultivation."

"Uncle, do you think only you know this method?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I’m not sure. There are people who know, but they won’t use this method of cultivation. There are many unorthodox methods, and these are only my own. Compared to others, I think they are more effective. They need to suffer a bit." Ji Xingyuan said: "And the other methods, are to eat the Dark beast’s meat and then use a more gentle method to refine it."

Chen Xiang had finished refining it very quickly, but he was actually able to use his own cultivation technique very quickly, which surprised him. Ji Xingyuan also found it strange, he reckoned that there would be a lot of energy in Chen Xiang’s body, and it only took him an hour to finish refining it.

"To think that the Myriad Tao’s Divine Arts could actually unleash the mysterious power of the No Tao Place!" Chen Xiang felt that his body had evidently become stronger.

Ji Xingyuan continued to bring Chen Xiang to other cultivation grounds.

Chen Xiang followed Ji Xingyuan to a desolate mountain range, entered a mountain crevice, and entered the belly of the mountain through a hole in the mountain.

There was a small pond in the middle of the mountain, only half a foot wide.

"Jump down as deep as you can. This place is a very secret place, only Old Wang and I know about it. You’re the third one to know." Ji Xingyuan smiled and said, "It’s always the time to be a little more careful when you’re down there.

The bottom of the mountain was a little dark, so the pool was even darker. Hearing Ji Xingyuan’s words, Chen Xiang felt that the pool was definitely very deep.

After he jumped, he immediately sank.

When he was sinking, he felt something pressing down on him, but there was another force preventing him from sinking. However, he was still pushed down by that force, making him withstand an extremely strong pressure.

"Is it the Supreme Yin Innermost layer again?" Chen Xiang felt a bone-piercing coldness continuously enter into his body, as though it was forced into his body.

"I have to continue!" Chen Xiang felt that he could still persevere.

He had been sinking for a full five hours. At this moment, he already felt that his body had lost all feeling, and was almost numb.

"We need to hurry up."

Come to think of it, it was strange, after Chen Xiang had the thought of going up, he was suddenly pushed up by a mysterious power. When he went up, there was also a burst of help stopping him, which made him feel the same pressure as when he went down.

"How can I take it if this goes on?" There was still a long way to go before he could climb up, and he also had to endure a very strong pressure to do so. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

By the time he floated to the surface of the water, five hours had already passed. Now, he was lying on the surface of the water like a dead fish, Ji Xingyuan hurriedly picked him up.

"He’s actually been able to hold on for so long. His potential is extremely terrifying." Ji Xingyuan saw that Chen Xiang had fainted, but his life was not in danger. He heaved a sigh of relief, but at the same time, felt shocked.

The unconscious Chen Xiang, had already released waves of faint golden light. This was the same as before, when he was completely blown away by the boundless astral winds.

!!