Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

While Chen Xiang was sleeping, he did not know what was happening outside. The moment he was fished out by Ji Xingyuan, he was immediately placed on top of a pond, allowing him to float on the surface.

Ji Xingyuan’s inner potential was much greater than he had imagined. Although Chen Xiang who was floating on the water surface was in deep sleep, his body was flickering with golden light and the golden mist that was gushing out from his body illuminated the middle of the mountain.

"It seems like his growth speed is very fast. It won’t be long before he reaches mastery. This is the same as Old Wang; he has great potential and talent."

Ji Xingyuan sighed, he felt that his luck was not bad, the two outsiders were both powerful, and they also knew how to refine pills.

Chen Xiang slept for an entire day before he woke up.

"I actually fainted." Chen Xiang felt a little dizzy. He walked out of the water and asked, "Uncle, am I not qualified?"

"Of course not, the cultivation of the pool is not for you to wake up ..." The main point is to let you bear through the limit of the dive before coming back up. You have already experienced the process before, so it will be a huge test for you. " Ji Xingyuan rubbed Chen Xiang’s head and laughed: "When you were sleeping, the mysterious power that had seeped into your body earlier had already merged into your own. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Chen Xiang obviously did not notice this. He only felt that he had slept soundly, but this sleep was extremely uncomfortable.

"What’s next?" Chen Xiang asked. He had previously felt his head sink, but now he felt much better, he was already full of energy, and wanted to continue cultivating. In the future, he would have to use these methods frequently to cultivate.

"There’s still... is to teach you how to find Dark beast. " Ji Xingyuan laughed: "Originally, I only planned to teach you after you have cultivated for a period of time. But now, I feel that you can go hunt Dark beast s."

The Dark beast’s meat contained a lot of mysterious energy, this energy could make it easier and faster when cultivating this technique, and could make his body even stronger in a short amount of time, because the Dark beast’s body was already extremely strong, even a strong warrior like Ji Xingyuan would find it difficult to cause any harm to the Dark beast’s body.

But Chen Xiang had Heavenly magic sword s, and could easily cut them into pieces.

"En!" Chen Xiang was looking forward to it. Although the Dark beast meat was a little difficult to roast, it was still very tasty after being roasted.

Ji Xingyuan was also like that. Although he no longer needed to eat more Dark beast meat to cultivate, the taste made his heart itch and he really wanted to try again.

"Uncle, is there only Dark beast here?" Chen Xiang asked.

"There’s also light beasts!" However, this type of light beast is very rare, powerful and cruel. " Ji Xingyuan’s face became serious, when he mentioned the light beast, his expression immediately changed, obviously he was afraid of it.

"Really? I thought the Dark beast were more vicious, but I didn’t think the light beasts were like that too. " Seeing Ji Xingyuan’s expression, Chen Xiang was slightly shocked. Ji Xingyuan seemed to be very afraid of this light beast.

"From the name, the Dark beast should be dark and evil! But Dark beast s are also just like wild beasts, attacking humans or beasts in order to survive! " Ji Xingyuan frowned, his expression solemn: "And light beasts are even more terrifying than Dark beast s. Dark beast s are also just fierce, but light beasts are extremely evil.

"My parents were eaten by light beasts. At that time, I was just a child."

"Do light beasts often appear?" Chen Xiang did not expect to directly poke into Ji Xingyuan’s sore spot, so he felt a little guilty.

"It rarely appears." Ji Xingyuan shook his head: "I also really want to meet light beasts, but they move swiftly and erratically, and I don’t know what they usually do! If the light beast appeared, then countless lives would be lost. "

"In the past when light beasts appeared, they ate a lot of people. There were several tens of thousands of them, and some of them were powerful experts." Ji Xingyuan clenched his fists tightly, he had personally witnessed his parents being eaten by light beasts back then.

"Eating people the moment they appear. Clearly, light beasts are usually refining and cultivating." Chen Xiang said: "I hope I don’t encounter it. If I do ... I really want to kill one to see. "

"The most terrifying thing about light beasts is that their bodies are extremely sturdy." Ji Xingyuan looked at Chen Xiang, and said: "If light beasts appear, can you lend me your sword? With your sword, dealing with light beasts will be easier! Many experts encountered light beasts because they were unable to break through the surface defense of the beasts’ bodies.

"No problem, I will definitely lend it to you!" Chen Xiang laughed: "Just give me a bit more meat to eat then."

Ji Xingyuan and Chen Xiang chatted as they walked, they had already reached the edge of the dark region, and if they took one more step, they would be able to reach the dark region.

"Legend has it that light beasts were cultivated by Dark beast. I don’t know if that’s true or not." Ji Xingyuan brought Chen Xiang into the dark area. It was pitch black inside and they couldn’t see anything.

"Uncle, I can’t see anything. How can I find the Dark beast?" Chen Xiang asked. At this time, he had already started to focus and be vigilant of his surroundings. He could only sense if there was anything coming from the surrounding auras.

"Don’t worry, I will teach you how to guard against the Dark beast’s sneak attack." Ji Xingyuan took out a rock and placed it in Chen Xiang’s hands. "Try it, can you focus your mind and control this rock to float?"

"I’ll try!" Chen Xiang opened his palm and then concentrated, wanting to control the stone in his palm to float in the air. However, he did not succeed.

"No way!" Chen Xiang tried for a while, but to no avail.

"En, keep trying. Only after we succeed can we continue." Ji Xingyuan said: "You probably can’t see that rock right now, but you can feel it with your palm."

Chen Xiang nodded his head, "Yes, this stone is very light and somewhat cold. I don’t know what shape it is in either, so I can’t see it clearly."

"If you want this stone to float, you have to know the shape of it." Ji Xingyuan said: "I know that you all can use your senses, but this power belongs to the World Defying Stage Divine Power, so it’s not working here. You have to use your mental force, also known as soul force, and use your soul to look at the item on your palm."

Chen Xiang didn’t know what to do, he could only earnestly try, constantly trying!

After a few days, he finally had a breakthrough and figured out the shape of the stone. After he successfully made the stone float, the stone also suddenly lit up and emitted a faint green light. Although it looked a bit dim, it could still illuminate a large area.

!!