Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang could feel a strange power attacking the Divine Sense Sea, causing his head to hurt.

"How should I defend against it?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Just concentrate." Wang Dao was very simple.

Concentrate? Chen Xiang immediately remembered that Ji Xingyuan had taught him how to control the Green Stone, he suddenly felt that this was just like controlling the Green Stone, he immediately focused.

Soon, his head stopped moving, and he became much more relaxed.

"Very good!" Seeing the change in Chen Xiang’s expression, Wang Dao heaved a sigh of relief and laughed: "You are not far from success now, Hehe, in a while, some mysterious thing will happen, do not be surprised!"

The mysteriousness of the Wang Dao made Chen Xiang’s heart itch, because Wang Dao had previously said that there was no need to condense a pill like that.

Chen Xiang looked at the Tianchuang furnace, and suddenly realized that all the energy inside was gone.

"Where did he go?" He shouted in shock as he looked at the king.

"It’s in your Divine Sense Sea." Wang Daochild chuckled, "Take a careful look!"

Chen Xiang immediately looked at his own Divine Sense Sea. He discovered that a red light had appeared on his own Divine Sense Sea, floating in the sky like a blazing sun.

"Is there any danger?" Why did you run into my Divine Sense Sea? " Chen Xiang could not understand no matter how much he thought about it. The power of the flower fruit inside the Tianchuang furnace was actually silent. He would enter his Divine Sense Sea.

"Hehe, this is the magic of this pill." Wang Dao laughed, "Back then, I was just as surprised as you when I refined it. All you need to know is that this is the profound mystery of the Wudao spiritual Dan."

Chen Xiang looked at the red scorching sun inside his Divine Sense Sea. This scorching sun was shrinking at the moment and quickly turned into a small pellet.

"Just open your palm." Wang Dao said, "You’ve already experienced the most difficult part of this pill, and when you crossed it, it didn’t seem like much, but in reality, it was a narrow escape. It’s just that you didn’t manage to comprehend it yourself."

"Therefore, you can’t concoct too many of these pills. Otherwise, you’ll easily be in danger."

Chen Xiang wasn’t really afraid, he looked at the Wudao spiritual Dan that was glowing with a red light, and wanted to try eating it. However, he had already promised Wang Dao, so he had to give it to Ji Xingyuan first.

"Make another one yourself." At this moment, Wang Dao’s shadow became even more illusory, as if he was about to disappear at any moment. "The amount of energy I have to participate in this is not much. You should be familiar with the entire process of refining pills by now, right?"

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "I am already familiar with it, I am confident that I can refine one of them by myself!"

Chen Xiang did not notice anything difficult about refining this kind of Wudao spiritual Dan.

"Alright, you have to give it to Old Ji first. He only needs to eat two pills right now." Wang Dao sternly warned Chen Xiang: "If you go against it, when you come here, there will be nothing for you to see!"

Wang Dao gradually disappeared, and at that moment, only Chen Xiang was left!

"Alright, I can try my own way now!" Chen Xiang laughed slyly and released his Heavenly magic sword, allowing it to wander around inside the Divine Sense Sea.

He felt that the main reason why he was able to go through so much trouble was because his Tianchuang furnace had smeared all over the Myriad Tao Divine Soil and he had used a lot of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s to refine his Heavenly magic sword.

He then started to refine the second pellet. Previously, he had always been obediently refining according to Wang Dao’s instructions. After the third color appeared, he concentrated on controlling the Heavenly magic sword to wander in his Divine Sense Sea.

His head started to hurt, but it did not last long before the pain disappeared. When he looked at the Divine Sense Sea, he saw a red sun floating in the sky.

"Hehe, Heavenly magic sword is indeed powerful, allowing me to succeed so easily." Chen Xiang laughed very happily.

He waited for a while, and when the hot sun inside condensed into a pill, he withdrew the Time Domain.

"It’s time to find uncle." Chen Xiang asked Feng Ke’er to use the Six Realms mirrors to open an exit, and when he arrived outside, it was already dark.

"Those fellows probably won’t be able to discover me, right?" Chen Xiang was worried that someone was hiding in ambush outside, hence he was extremely careful.

After he flew away from the mountain, he entered the forest and discovered quite a few people there.

"Motherf * cker, there’s more and more people. It should be that many people already know that someone has entered the cave." Chen Xiang had only been inside for a few days, but there were already so many people.

Chen Xiang looked at these people and thought that it was extremely funny. Even if these people could enter, they would definitely not be able to obtain the Half-ghost Old Man’s inheritance.

"This bunch of wishful thinking." Chen Xiang couldn’t help but mock him in his heart, and then, he flew towards Ji Xingyuan’s secret residence.

He flew for a few days before arriving at that place, but he did not see Ji Xingyuan even after he arrived.

"Could he be hiding?" Chen Xiang immediately thought of a secret place, which was the deep pool that Ji Xingyuan had brought him to cultivate, inside a mountain.

As expected, the moment he came here, he saw Ji Xingyuan.

"Uncle!" Chen Xiang saw Ji Xingyuan sitting beside the pool of water and shouted loudly.

When Ji Xingyuan heard Chen Xiang’s voice, he was pleasantly surprised.

"It’s good that you’re fine!" Ji Xingyuan heaved a sigh of relief. He had been worried about Chen Xiang’s safety these past few days, and even though Chen Xiang had entered the cave, no one knew what was inside. If it was a trap, wouldn’t it be very dangerous to go in?

"Of course I’m fine, I even saw Old Wang." Chen Xiang chuckled: "This guy really misses you!"

"What did he say? Why is he still inside? " Ji Xingyuan was shocked, he had seen Wang Dao leave the No Tao Place.

"It’s just a wisp of his hollow soul inside." Chen Xiang said: "He instructed me to refine two pills specially for you." Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Chen Xiang passed over the two bright red Wudao spiritual Dan s and said: "Old Wang said that you only need to eat to break through. When we reach Myriad Tao, he will need your help.

"Alright!" Ji Xingyuan was extremely excited, because he was finally going to leave the No Tao Place and head for the Myriad Tao.

"I want to cultivate here. This pool might be able to help me cultivate even faster." Ji Xingyuan said.

"En, I want to return to that place. The cave will be safer, I need to continue making these pills for myself!" Chen Xiang was afraid that he would be disturbed here, because he could not be disturbed while refining the Wudao spiritual Dan. Otherwise, problems would easily occur, and his own soul might be torn apart by that energy.

"Alright, you have to come and see me quickly. Maybe I’ll break through really quickly, and then you won’t be able to see me anymore after being sucked into the Myriad Tao." Ji Xingyuan laughed.