Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang chuckled: "How can I not see you? In the future, I might even go to Myriad Tao. "

Ji Xingyuan patted Chen Xiang’s shoulders. He was extremely grateful to Chen Xiang, so he ate the two pellets and jumped into the deep pool. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Chen Xiang saw that after he entered the deep lake, he had also turned into a bird and flew out, heading towards the cave left behind by the King.

The defense of this cave was extremely good. Many of the stronger Pathless Cultivators were unable to break through the defenses. Moreover, they would be attacked by all sorts of experts almost every year without being harmed at all.

It took Chen Xiang a few more days to get to the cave. When he passed through the forest, he met even more people, many of whom came from the UnDao City. They already knew that the cave had been broken open, but only those who could enter, could only wait for that person to come out.

What they did not know was that Chen Xiang had already snuck out, but no one knew.

"I should just continue refining the Wudao spiritual Dan." Before, Chen Xiang had the thought of using the Crash method and the derived method to refine Wudao spiritual Dan, but in the end, he still gave up. After all, refining this kind of pill still had a certain amount of risk, so he didn’t dare to be reckless.

He still had eight medicinal ingredients on hand. He felt that even if he didn’t reach the peak of his cultivation, he would still be able to eat a few very good pills.

"In the No Tao Place, the most important thing is to cultivate the body without a path. The stronger the body without a path, the stronger its power! A Divine Pill of Dao Spiritual Energy is able to strengthen the body of a person without a dao. " Chen Xiang could basically refine one pellet every month if he used the Time Domain.

He concocted six pills in one go, and used the remaining two medicinal herbs to cultivate.

"I’ll take one and take a look!" Chen Xiang was already impatient, he had already wanted to try the first time he refined the pill.

After swallowing the bright red Wudao spiritual Dan, it immediately disappeared from his body.

"So hot!" Chen Xiang suddenly saw his skin turning red, as though it was emitting red light. The heat continuously leaked out from his body, causing white steam to come out from his body.

"It’s so hot, I didn’t expect it to have such a effect after eating." Chen Xiang couldn’t take it anymore. At this point, he started to feel a burning pain, but he could still endure it.

"If only I could blow the wind or cultivate in that pool."

Chen Xiang suddenly felt that maybe Wang Dao was also like this back then, which was why he decided to cultivate inside.

"Looks like I have no choice but to endure." He activated his own Myriad Tao Divine Arts, allowing the scorching energy to slowly temper his body.

Refining the pellet took a long time, and took Chen Xiang two months of time. Furthermore, the process was very difficult to bear, and ordinary people would not be able to withstand it.

"Motherf * cker, this pill’s effects are really terrifying!" Chen Xiang could already feel that he was much stronger than before, he felt that if he ate another pill, his strength would almost be comparable to Ji Xingyuan’s.

"If I continue to eat it, won’t I have to cultivate to the peak? Will I be sucked in by the power of the Myriad Tao then? " Chen Xiang was starting to worry about this problem. Right now, he was still unwilling to leave this Myriad Tao world, because if he became stronger, he might not be able to return in the future.

"Eat another pellet, as long as I don’t reach the pinnacle of the Pathless Realm. At that time, I will also have a strong body, and I can cultivate the World Defying Stage Fierce Power, which will make me even stronger."

Chen Xiang made up his mind. He would eat another Wudao spiritual Dan and refine it!

Two months later, he felt that he had advanced by leaps and bounds. Even if he met those red-clothed people again, he would still have the strength to fight back.

He had spent four months refining these two Wudao spiritual Dan, but because he had used the power of time, only four days had passed outside.

"Hehe, I’m much faster than uncle. Let’s go back and see him!" Chen Xiang quietly left the cave. Although he already possessed extremely strong Pathless’s power, he did not want to cause any trouble for the time being. He had to wait until Ji Xingyuan finished cultivating and then see if Ji Xingyuan would be sucked into the Myriad Tao.

Chen Xiang quickly returned to the belly of the mountain. He stood by the side of the lake and looked at the lake which flickered with red light.

It was evident how big of a reaction Ji Xingyuan had after eating it that even such a deep pool of water could turn into red and it was still bubbling.

Just like that, Chen Xiang sat by the side of the pool and waited. Only after more than a month did he manage to come out from the pool.

When Ji Xingyuan saw Chen Xiang, he was very surprised.

"You’ve become very strong!" Ji Xingyuan said in shock: "Did you also eat that pill?"

Chen Xiang smiled and nodded, "I ate two pills! However, I can use the power of time, so my refining speed is very fast! Uncle, it seems like you are about to reach your peak. "

Ji Xingyuan had only eaten one pill.

"Yes, one more pill and I’ll break through." At this time, Ji Xingyuan was filled with anticipation. He placed his hand on Chen Xiang’s shoulder. Otherwise, I don’t even know how long I’ll be staying here! "

"Chen Xiang, don’t you plan to continue refining pills to eat?"

Chen Xiang shook his head: "I am still unwilling to part with this Myriad Tao world, and I will think of a way to leave this place. There are too many things that I still have to settle upstairs, I do not plan to go up."

Chen Xiang’s cultivation situation was a bit complicated. His Pathless’s cultivation had already reached the Large Success stage, and his Primordial Divine Body had also reached the Large Success stage, but it hadn’t reached its peak yet. However, because he possessed a body without principles, he was still very strong.

"That’s fine. After all, he’s already up. He might not be able to come down again." Ji Xingyuan sighed, Wang Dao had always wanted to continue, but had never succeeded.

It was still possible to come down from the Myriad Tao, but Feng Ke’er had come down from above. As for what he had to do, Chen Xiang did not know either, but at least there was hope.

"I still need to continue cultivating. Maybe Old Wang can continue to help. I need to hurry up and help him." Ji Xingyuan said: "I will continue to use this pool of water to cultivate. This pool of water has accompanied me for many years already."

"Alright, I’ll wait for you here!" Chen Xiang also wanted to see how Ji Xingyuan had been sucked into the Myriad Tao.

Ji Xingyuan swallowed a Wudao spiritual Dan and jumped into the pool.

Chen Xiang waited at the side, and did not refine any pellets, because he felt that he could not promise to not be disturbed in this place. Refining Wudao spiritual Dan s required a very harsh environment.

A few days passed. Chen Xiang was initially chatting with the Mei Jing Sisters, but suddenly felt many auras approaching.

"The red-clothed people have come!" Chen Xiang looked solemn: "Uncle is cultivating, we must not let them come in!"

Chen Xiang didn’t know how they found this place, but now that they were here, what he needed to do was to force them to retreat.