Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang quickly left the belly of the mountain and secretly went outside. Sure enough, he saw the few red-clothed people and some powerful Pathless Cultivators, they were all the people that wanted to capture him at the entrance of the cave.

"They must know that Uncle is hiding here. No matter how they found out, I have to think of a way to delay them." Chen Xiang had some small success in cultivating Pathless Origin, so he was not afraid of these people. He felt that if he were to put his life on the line, these people would definitely not be able to take advantage of him.

Chen Xiang immediately rushed to the top of the mountain.

The few red-clothed people were the first to notice Chen Xiang, and when they saw him, they all rushed over with extreme speed. Chen Xiang was currently standing on top of the Six Realms mirrors.

The other Rankers also saw Chen Xiang’s figure, they did not think that Chen Xiang had already come out of the cave. They were waiting earlier, but they did not see Chen Xiang come out.

"Brat, you killed two of our men. Today, we must capture them and tear them to shreds." An old man was extremely angry.

"Ha! It was you guys who arrested me!" Otherwise, you wouldn’t have been killed by me. You angered me first, otherwise, I wouldn’t even bother to make a move. " Chen Xiang snorted: "Don’t come over, if I die, you guys will be here for the rest of your lives, only I know how to break through."

Chen Xiang’s words were true. I. Ben. Read. The red clothed people were the most anxious, they anxiously stopped the other old men, they were worried that the old men would go over and kill Chen Xiang, because Chen Xiang had killed the two of them.

"What method? If you tell me, I guarantee that you will live well." An old man in red said. He trusted Chen Xiang a lot since he was able to enter the cave.

Wang Dao’s cave had existed for many years, and for many years, experts like them would almost always go there every year. Afterwards, they would use all kinds of methods to attack the cave and try to break open its entrance, but none of them succeeded.

However, Chen Xiang, a weak little kid, could enter, and the way he did it was very magical, so he did not use violence.

"This method of mine is only suitable for four people to break through." Chen Xiang said: "For now, it’s because I have four pills in my hands, after eating it, I can break through."

Everyone knew that only by refining pills would Wang Dao break through, but it wasn’t strange for Chen Xiang to be able to obtain the pills left behind by Wang Dao after entering the cave. After everyone heard Chen Xiang’s words, they all secretly rejoiced.

However, they had too many people, almost twenty of them, and there would be more coming soon. When that happens, there would be even more people, so there wouldn’t even be enough for them to split!

In order to make these people believe him, Chen Xiang had taken out the Wudao spiritual Dan, but he had only taken it out for an instant, and he was worried that these people would steal it away.

"You better not have any wrong ideas!" Chen Xiang snickered: "You have been trapped in this realm for so many years, you should be well aware that there is no way to break through, so I am your only hope. If you want to snatch it from me, I will commit suicide! If I die, you all can forget about breaking through. You will be trapped here for the rest of your lives. "

"Alright, let’s not fight!" However, you only have four pills with you, and we don’t have enough people here to split the spoils. " The red-clothed old man said, "Now that the pill is in your hands, how do you think we should split it?"

Chen Xiang looked at the group of people and asked: "How did you guys find this place?"

"It was the green robe that told us, he said this is Ji Xingyuan’s cultivation grounds. When we found this place, we felt a trace of Ji Xingyuan’s aura, so we confirmed his presence." The red-clothed old man answered Chen Xiang truthfully.

Previously, the green robed elder had also sold out Ji Xingyuan and Chen Xiang. It was he who had told the expert hiding in the forest that he, Ji Xingyuan, was going to the cave.

"It’s actually this old bastard, I definitely won’t let him off." Chen Xiang cursed in his heart.

Chen Xiang looked at him and asked, "Is there anyone else coming?"

"Yes, so you have to decide how to split it among us, and also make us sincerely accept it. Otherwise, the consequences will be quite troublesome." Another old man said. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Chen Xiang only cared about these red-clothed old men at the moment, because they were the strongest. As long as he could take care of them, it would be fine.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang nodded his head: "First, everyone that came later was given to me, and since it was you who met me first, why would they be given the Wudao spiritual Dan?"

"If they want to join in the fray, I hope you can shut them up!" The first to come to this place, and the first to discover me, and the first to know about the Wudao spiritual Dan in my hands, are none of them qualified to participate in the competition for the Wudao spiritual Dan. "

Chen Xiang’s words made everyone secretly nod their heads. They felt that it made a lot of sense, so why did those bastards want to fight with them for this pill?

"Alright, if any of them want to join us, we will make them shut up." An old man in red said, his voice was filled with killing intent. There were fewer people participating in the competition, so the chances of them obtaining the Wudao spiritual Dan would be greater.

Just as he finished speaking, a group of people arrived.

There were more than 100 people in this group, and the green robed elder was spreading the news everywhere, saying that Ji Xingyuan was cultivating here, and that it had attracted a group of people, all of them in the Pathless City also had friends that were able to enter the cave, they all wanted to know what Ji Xingyuan’s friend got from the cave.

Thus, when they heard this news, they hurriedly rushed over.

"So this is Ji Xingyuan’s friend? Brat, do you know what we obtained from Wang Dao’s cave? "Speak!" An old man roared very sternly.

"What did I get? It’s none of your business!" Chen Xiang snorted: "Scram, this is none of your business."

"Little bastard, don’t think that you’re quite capable just because you’re able to enter the cave. I’ll teach you a lesson today." The old man was enraged by Chen Xiang’s words and immediately rolled up his sleeves.

When the old man was about to go over, the red-clothed old man said in a deep voice, "This place really doesn’t have anything to do with you. You can stay if you want, but there is no part of you."

"What do you mean?" Of course they knew how powerful this group of red-clothed people were. From the looks of it, this group of red-clothed people had entered to speak up for Chen Xiang.

"It’s not interesting. In short, you all are not allowed to touch him." The red-clothed old man coldly said, "If you want to touch him, you must ask me."

The old man looked at it and laughed: "So that’s how it is. It seems that this kid got some good stuff from Wang Dao’s cave. This stuff will definitely help you guys break through!" Why shouldn’t it be my business? I am a member of the city of the immoral. "