Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

After all, this was something that could allow them to break through. If they didn’t have their share, they would be extremely unhappy in their hearts.

"We were the first to find that brat. You all only came back later. Thus, this has nothing to do with you all." A short old man said, "He only has four pills!"

"Yes, of the four pills in my hand, only the eighteen people who came here first have the qualifications to obtain them. Each of yours will be given to you later." Chen Xiang said.

There were more than a hundred people coming from the back, and all of them were powerful experts who had been stuck at the same cultivation realm for many years. They were all unwilling to accept this, and all of them felt that they had a share in this.

At this point, they had already started quarreling.

Chen Xiang was extremely unhappy. The Wudao spiritual Dan was clearly his, but these people all felt that it was theirs.

"If you keep making noise, don’t worry about me being impolite." The red-clothed old man roared. His expression changed, and his body released waves of killing intent, causing the entire audience to fall silent.

"Only the eighteen of us, if you want to join, then kill all eighteen of us." The red-clothed old man’s wolf-like eyes swept across the crowd. "I don’t want to fight with you, so you’d better behave. If you really want a pill, then do as I say and kill all eighteen of us."

At this time, the red-clothed people were brimming with killing intent. They were the stronger ones here, although they had nearly a hundred people, if they fought, they might not be able to beat them. Even if they could kill off all eighteen of them, they would not be able to do much more than that.

They all thought about it for a while. Chen Xiang only had four pills in his hands, so even if they fought to the end, he might not be the one to obtain them. He might even lose his life.

"Don’t be fooled by this kid." A middle-aged man laughed and said, "This guy might have let us like this on purpose. Are you sure that there are pills in their hands that can help us achieve a breakthrough?"

"It doesn’t matter if he does or not, I believe him first. If he lied to us in the end, you don’t need to say anything. We will do it ourselves. He won’t be able to escape." The red-clothed old man said.

In any case, they had all lived for a long time, so there was nothing to do now. It could be considered very boring, so it wouldn’t matter if they spent some time to deal with Chen Xiang.

"Alright, I’ll stop messing around with you guys. I’ll watch 90% of the scene from the side." The middle-aged man was very tactful. He was the first one to call for an exit, since they were here to join in the fun anyway. There was no need to offend these powerful red-clothed people.

This group of people had originally come for their own benefits. Now that they had thought about it carefully, they felt that there wouldn’t be any good results if they continued to make a ruckus. They could only withdraw, lest these red-clothed people thought of them.

Just a moment ago, they had been very aggressive, but after the red-clothed person and his group had said such vicious words, they immediately became listless and expressed their unwillingness to participate.

Only a few people could not accept it, but they could not do anything either, so they could only retreat in anger and did not participate in the competition for the Wudao spiritual Dan s.

"Now, it’s your turn to decide how to split the four pills." The red-clothed old man said, "We must be fair!"

"I’ve already thought about it." Chen Xiang laughed, then quickly made eighteen stone tablets.

"All of you, take a stone tablet and write your names on it. Then, put the stone tablet into a box and mess it up. I will then extract it from the box." Chen Xiang said.

"Doesn’t that depend on luck?" One of the elders was unsatisfied as he shook his head, "It can’t be like this. I won’t accept this arrangement, because it all depends on luck. I might not be able to get anything."

Chen Xiang cursed in his heart. The Wudao spiritual Dan was his, and right now, he only compromised with them because he wasn’t strong enough. Otherwise, he wouldn’t even bother to pay attention to these bastards.

"Of course not due to luck." Chen Xiang said.

"Could it be that you want to choose a candidate from among them and arrange for us to battle each other to the death?" A yellow-haired old man sneered, "When the time comes and your pills are useless, won’t we have died in vain?"

They seemed to know what Chen Xiang was going to do.

Chen Xiang laughed, and shook his head: "Of course not! Wait for me to finish ... The people that came out wanted to fight me. If they beat me, they would be able to obtain the Wudao spiritual Dan. So everyone had a better chance! This way, we won’t need you guys to kill each other, and will only be fighting with me.

"If we beat you to death, wouldn’t we be unable to obtain those pills?" An old man said.

"Yes, that’s why when you fight me, show mercy!" I gave these pills to you guys to save your lives, so don’t beat me to death. As long as you win, you will get one and lose the qualification to do so. " Chen Xiang said: "Wudao spiritual Dan are only for people with true strength to eat."

"You’re so weak. Any four of those eighteen can easily defeat you. Isn’t this the same as trying your luck?" The bystanders said.

"Am I really weak? I remember when I killed two old fellows who were slightly stronger than you two. " Chen Xiang looked at the old man who was spectating nearby and laughed blandly: "I guarantee that if you were to fight with me, I will kill you within a hundred moves."

"Anyone can brag!" The old man laughed heartily. "The reason why you were able to succeed was because you ambushed them. Now, I have my guard up. You simply can’t defeat me!"

"Then why don’t you give it a try?" Chen Xiang sneered.

"What’s so good about winning? If I kill you, I’ll be killed by those eighteen guys. " The old man was unhappy.

"If you defeat me, you will be able to obtain the Pathless Fruit and the Pathless Flower. This is the medicine used to refine Wudao spiritual Dan, although you are unable to use it to refine a pill, eating it directly might help you break through."

As Chen Xiang said this, he took out the Pathless Flower and fruit, "I only have one set of these ingredients, and these are the ingredients used to refine Wudao spiritual Dan. If you can find the Alchemist to refine them, you can also obtain the Wudao spiritual Dan, and if you cannot refine the pill into a pill, you can eat them yourself."

"Alright!" The old man was very excited and quickly ran over.

They were worried that Chen Xiang would be killed during the battle, but after thinking about it, they felt that Chen Xiang was still pretty strong. They had all personally witnessed how Chen Xiang had killed those two back then.

Chen Xiang had a powerful sword in his hand, it was extremely sharp, but many people did not know about it, and they did not reveal it!

Thinking about the sword in Chen Xiang’s hand, the eighteen Rankers also secretly remembered that when fighting with Chen Xiang later on, they must be careful of that sword.

Chen Xiang looked at the eighteen people and said to them: "Rest assured, I will not die!"Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com