Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The old man came in front of Chen Xiang. He was short and fat, with white eyebrows and hair.

Seeing that the blue clothed old man had obtained such a good opportunity, the crowd secretly became jealous. If they had also spoken a few more words just now, they might have been able to provoke Chen Xiang and have Chen Xiang fight against them.

"I’m going to attack!" When he spoke, he had already made his move. As soon as he finished speaking, his fist had already reached Chen Xiang’s face. The speed of his punch was also very fast, and it carried a very strong force as well.

Chen Xiang had experienced this fist force before, Ji Xingyuan had used it on him before, for cultivators who were immoral, their body’s power was extremely strong, and when he punched, it was pure physical strength.

Because their physical bodies were extremely powerful, coupled with the extremely fast speed of their punches, they could instantly release a very powerful force. Even from a distance, they could still send out a very powerful force while punching.

Before the fat old man punched, Chen Xiang had already nimbly dodged it. His battle experience was plentiful, he had already seen through his opponent’s intentions!

At the same time he dodged, he also threw a punch towards the fat old man. His fist looked very slow and gentle, neither too fast nor too slow, and it didn’t have the slightest bit of strength, so no matter how you looked at it, it was very weak.

The fat old man was secretly amused, and anxiously welcomed Chen Xiang’s punch with his own hands. He planned to fight with Chen Xiang, and then use his strong energy to break Chen Xiang’s arm, making Chen Xiang admit defeat.

The fat old man welcomed Chen Xiang’s attack with his fist. The speed of his punch was extremely fast, it looked like a shadow flying over, the explosive force crushed the stones on the ground.

Seeing that, everyone felt that Chen Xiang’s arm was going to be crippled!

However, for some reason, Chen Xiang’s fist and the fat old man’s fist suddenly retracted the moment they were about to collide, and Chen Xiang dodged as well. This kind of retracting energy made people feel that it was inconceivable, but what was even more terrifying was that Chen Xiang’s movement technique was extremely quick.

The moment the fat old man thought that he was going to break Chen Xiang’s arm, Chen Xiang had already flashed behind him and punched towards the fat old man’s back.

The terrifying red flame on the surface of his fist roared, and like a meteor, it brought along the tail flame as it charged forward!

Bang!

Chen Xiang’s fist struck the fat old man’s back and sparks exploded out. His fist had also penetrated the fat old man’s back and penetrated his body, causing his heart to break from the punch.

RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU...!

After that, both of Chen Xiang’s palms struck out consecutively, the power of his palms seemed to be able to topple mountains and overturn the seas, the shadows of his palms danced across the sky and smashed onto the fat elder’s body with a ferocious force.

In the blink of an eye, the fat old man’s body was struck by the countless Heaven Blasting Palm.

After Chen Xiang withdrew his palm, the fat old man was already lying on the ground, spitting out blood, his body looked like mud.

"The Bone-melting magic palm is still very easy to use." Just now, Chen Xiang had not only used the power from his flesh, he also used the World Defying Stage Divine Power. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

The Meteor immortal power could transform the World Defying Stage Divine Power into an extremely powerful force to explode out, and then fuse with the power of the flesh, making it extremely terrifying.

Therefore, just a single punch from Chen Xiang was able to penetrate the fat old man’s strong body!

Everyone was still in shock from Chen Xiang’s punch, and when they regained their senses, the fat old man was already on his last breath, lying on the ground.

At this time, Chen Xiang was also trying to prove that he had very strong power, so those eighteen people would be at ease.

"What a terrifying fist force, it actually pierced through such a body."

"This kind of power is very extraordinary, it’s not something we’re used to!"

"Yes, this fellow probably came from the outside. He still has a considerably strong World Defying Stage Divine Power in his body, and just now, he must have used the World Defying Stage Divine Power in combination with his Pathless’s power. That’s why he’s so terrifying."

The people here were very experienced, so they immediately made their judgement!

However, they had thought of another problem. Chen Xiang had just arrived at this place, but his cultivation, Pathless, was already so terrifying!

There was only one possible explanation, and that was that Chen Xiang had eaten that kind of Wudao spiritual Dan!

Chen Xiang rubbed his fist and said: "This is the power of Wudao spiritual Dan. I only ate one pill, and I become so strong. You all saw it, right? I’m not lying to you all. "

At this time, everyone’s eyes were burning with passion. When they looked at Chen Xiang, their eyes exploded with a scorching light, as if they wanted to swallow Chen Xiang whole!

Especially those eighteen experts, they were even more excited because they had the chance to obtain that pill. At that time, once they ate it, they would be able to break through and head to the Myriad Tao. They had been trapped here for a long time and wanted to go up for a long time.

"Hurry up and carve your names on the stone tablet." Chen Xiang said: "This way, you will be able to get the Wudao spiritual Dan even faster."

Everyone had seen the effects of the Wudao spiritual Dan. A person who had just entered the No Tao Place not long ago would have the same strength as them after eating just one pill. That was equivalent to their many years of cultivation.

There were many people who had cultivated here for many years, but none of them were as strong as Chen Xiang, which showed just how strong the effects of the Wudao spiritual Dan were!

Of course, Chen Xiang would not tell them, he had already eaten two pellets, and the people here would need to eat two in order for him to break through, at that time, he would be forced to give the Wudao spiritual Dan to them, and they would not be able to break through either. By the time they discovered him, a month had already passed, and by that time, Ji Xingyuan would already have successfully refined the Wudao spiritual Dan and made a breakthrough to Myriad Tao.

Chen Xiang took out a box, and opened it to let them put the stone tablet inside.

"Whoever I pick will fight me!" The Wudao spiritual Dan is still very useful to me, I want to keep it. Chen Xiang laughed.

Just now, they saw Chen Xiang’s strength, and were not too worried that Chen Xiang would lose four consecutive rounds, thus all eighteen of them would have the chance of fighting against Chen Xiang, and at that time, if they were unable to win against Chen Xiang, they would indeed not have the qualifications to obtain the Wudao spiritual Dan, and if they were unable to obtain it, they would definitely not let this matter rest.

Chen Xiang placed all the stone tablets into the chest, and then shook the chest, causing a stone tablet to sway out, with the words "Yuan Xufeng" written on it.

"Who is Yuan Xufeng?" Chen Xiang shouted.

A bald old man shouted excitedly, "It’s me!"

This elder was not a red-clothed person, which also made Chen Xiang feel a lot more at ease. He was still a little worried that he would have to face the red-clothed person.

Yuan Xufeng had already ran over, he was extremely excited, he felt that he had defeated Chen Xiang. This way, he would be able to obtain a Wudao spiritual Dan, and the first one would be him.