Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was deliberately hiding his strength, it was not because he wanted to catch Chen Xiang off guard, but to stall for time!

He wanted to delay as much time as possible because it would take more than ten days for the battle to end. After all, they were all very strong people and everyone had similar strength, so it was normal for them to need a long time.

The battle continued for an entire day!

It had been a long time since Chen Xiang had fought in this kind of battle, and he purposely delayed for a long time, if not he might have killed Yuan Xufeng right from the start.

"This kid really consumes energy!"

"Is he trying to stall for time?"

"What is the purpose of stalling for time? Could it be to buy time for Ji Xingyuan? "

"Doesn’t he know that once he breaks through, he will be directly sucked into the Myriad Tao? Even if Ji Xingyuan had broken through, he would not be able to deal with us, and in the end, he would have to hand over the Wudao spiritual Dan honestly. "

"Ji Xingyuan must have definitely told him before! So, it can be confirmed that he is not stalling for time. Rather, he is unable to use that sword. "

"That’s most likely the case. That sword is so powerful, so there should be a limit to its usage. The last time he used it, not much time had passed, so he shouldn’t be able to use it yet."

Everyone guessed, they did not think Chen Xiang was stalling for time, but Chen Xiang was stalling for time.

Soon, three days passed! One! Ben! Read! Chen Xiang and Yuan Xufeng had done their best in their battle, but the battle between Yuan Xufeng and Yuan Xufeng was no longer that intense. It could be seen how much energy they had expended.

"Brat, you really use energy!" Yuan Xufeng’s old face was covered in sweat. Chen Xiang was also panting, but it seemed like he could still continue fighting.

"Hehe, it won’t be that easy for you to obtain the Wudao spiritual Dan!" Chen Xiang laughed, he rushed out again and fought Yuan Xufeng barehanded.

His fighting style was very simple, he only used the combination of Meteor immortal power and Heaven Blasting Palm. He did not use any other powerful moves.

"Forget it, looks like I have to show my true abilities in order to qualify to obtain that Wudao spiritual Dan." Yuan Xufeng suddenly laughed sinisterly and took out a black whip.

This whip looked rather ordinary and very black. There was no aura emanating from it, and it was not as beautiful as the blue divine knife he had previously used.

"What is this?" Chen Xiang frowned and asked, seeing how confident Yuan Xufeng was at the moment, he was a little worried.

"I’m just changing my weapon. I should be allowed to switch my weapon midway, no?" The speed at which Yuan Xufeng replaced the weapon was extremely fast, he suddenly distanced himself from Chen Xiang, and then kept the divine blade inside his spatial divine tool.

The fact that he was able to use a storage divine tool meant that he definitely came from the Myriad Tao. It was just that he could only store a few things now, but it was enough for him to store weapons.

"There’s no rule that we can’t change weapons." Chen Xiang nodded.

No one present seemed to know why Yuan Xufeng suddenly switched the black whip. Yuan Xufeng was of the same generation as them, so they all understood each other better, but they did not know that Yuan Xufeng had such a whip. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The speed that he exploded out was actually faster than before, and it was obvious that he was still suppressing a portion of his strength. After all, he could not kill Chen Xiang, so he held back when attacking.

This was also what Chen Xiang had expected, he just did not know what use Yuan Xufeng’s whip had!

Pow!

Yuan Xufeng lashed out with his whip from afar. Although it did not hit, it did not need to get too close to Chen Xiang to prevent him from attacking him from a close distance.

Thus, Chen Xiang had to avoid the attack from a distance. This would be beneficial to Yuan Xufeng’s long-distance attacks.

The next two days, Yuan Xufeng fought with this whip against Chen Xiang, the result was similar to before, no one took advantage of anyone!

"This guy must be hiding something!" Chen Xiang was on guard the whole time.

It was already dark. The stars were obscured by thick clouds in the middle of the night.

Just like before, Yuan Xufeng continued to wave his whip to attack Chen Xiang.

The whip was originally black, so now that it had fused with the darkness, it was rather difficult to see with one’s eyes.

Chen Xiang could only judge the distance between the whip and the sound, as well as the weak vibrations the whip made.

As usual, Yuan Xufeng brandished the black whip, after determining the range of the whip, he immediately dodged it.

However, this time, the long whip was different from before. It was as though a nimble snake was fiercely chasing after it, and the black whip had already left Yuan Xufeng’s hand. In an instant, it flew onto Chen Xiang’s body.

After Chen Xiang felt his body being tightly restrained, he immediately understood Yuan Xufeng’s intentions.

After everyone saw this, they couldn’t help but to admire Yuan Xufeng’s skill. They secretly cursed Yuan Xufeng as an old cunning fox in their hearts.

"Do you want to admit defeat?" Yuan Xufeng said with a smile.

At this time, Chen Xiang’s body was tied up by that black whip, leaving only his head exposed, which was still shrinking.

What Chen Xiang felt was terrifying was that this long whip was extremely strange. No matter how much strength he used, it was as if his power was being absorbed, causing him to be unable to struggle free from this long whip that seemed to have life.

Before, Chen Xiang had also used World Defying Green dragon to hold others down, and now, he was also being held down by someone else in the same way. It was just that this thing did not look like a beast, but a very magical thing.

"This guy really has a trick up his sleeve!" Looks like he’s going to obtain a Wudao spiritual Dan. "

"Although he is a bit shameless, there is nothing much to say. After all, he did not violate the rules."

"That’s right, his strange black whip can also be considered a weapon. It’s just that it possesses a very strange ability."

The 17 old men all thought that Chen Xiang had lost for sure. Although Chen Xiang was still struggling, they all believed that he had no chance at all, unless he admitted defeat, there was no way to struggle free from this strange black whip.

Chen Xiang continued to struggle, at the moment, he was already on the ground, rolling like a bug, and releasing low roars continuously.

"I said it dozens of times. If you don’t admit defeat, I will be sorry." Yuan Xufeng laughed coldly. Now that Chen Xiang was being controlled by him, it could be said that he could easily trample Chen Xiang, which was why he was so calm and collected.

The whip was used for self-defense. It could be seen that he was extremely cautious. Even though he was very strong, he did not let down his guard.

They had known Yuan Xufeng for a long time, they did not know that Yuan Xufeng had such a powerful thing. If they were to clash with Yuan Xufeng and suddenly Yuan Xufeng released this thing, they would not be able to hold on, and would only die in the end.