Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Yuan Xufeng was counting down, while Chen Xiang was still struggling to break free from the whip.

"Xiao Ke’er, is there any way?" Chen Xiang asked Feng Ke’er who was inside the You Yao Mountain Villa.

"This thing is pretty powerful, and it’s naturally nurtured. I wonder where he got it from!" Feng Ke’er said: "Of course I have a way to help you break free, but once you use it, the whip will probably be destroyed, are you willing to destroy it?"

"Of course I don’t want to." Chen Xiang laughed: "Once I get rid of this guy, this whip will be mine! So can you think of any other way? Let me break free and kill this guy! "

Yuan Xufeng had already finished counting ten times, and seeing that Chen Xiang did not admit defeat, his expression became sinister. He was already extremely agitated after being wasted by Chen Xiang for more than ten days, and now that Chen Xiang was being restrained, he was actually wasting time with him. This made him extremely angry, and he ruthlessly stepped on Chen Xiang’s face.

"Little bastard, quickly concede! Otherwise, I’ll definitely torture you so you’ll know my methods!" Yuan Xufeng said ferociously, his old face was extremely terrifying.

Yuan Xufeng saw that the Wudao spiritual Dan was right in front of his eyes, and he could immediately obtain it, but Chen Xiang refused to surrender for a long time, which made him anxious. When he met with this kind of situation, even an old fellow like Yuan Xufeng, who had lived for a long time, would not be able to calm down, so he released all of his pent-up anger that he had suppressed for many days, and started to punch and kick Chen Xiang. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

$1 $Read $Novels (. (yb) (d) (u).) " "Old bastard, kill me if you dare." Chen Xiang sneered, he was not afraid of Yuan Xufeng using such a method, if Yuan Xufeng really dared to kill him, he would not be able to escape either.

When Yuan Xufeng saw that Chen Xiang was threatening him, he became even more furious. He raised his head and laughed wildly, then took out a small needle, and laughed sinisterly: "Alright, I’ll give you one more chance.

Yuan Xufeng held Chen Xiang’s head down, then slowly moved the needle in front of Chen Xiang’s eyes.

At this time, Yuan Xufeng used one hand to push Chen Xiang’s eyes away, and then stared straight into Chen Xiang’s eyes. He laughed sinisterly, "Brat, let me see how much torture you can endure! "Don’t worry, I won’t kill you. I will only let you beg me to kill you, haha ..."

They all hated Chen Xiang more, because he didn’t give them the Wudao spiritual Dan he knew. They felt that if they were in’s place, they would definitely torture him the same way that Yuan Xufeng was doing.

"Old bastard, it’s not certain who will win and who will lose!" Chen Xiang suddenly laughed, the eye that was bulged open suddenly shot out a red beam of light, aimed straight for Yuan Xufeng’s eye, and shot out through his head.

After Yuan Xufeng’s brain was severely injured, his head was in extreme pain, and he rolled on the ground.

Chen Xiang gasped for breath, he had just used his World Defying Stage Divine Power to release the Heart Piercing Demon Eye. If he used a World Defying Stage Divine Power that was very weak, it would have been melted by the Pathless Rules.

This was why he was able to release the World Defying Stage Divine Power. Even though it only appeared for an instant, it was enough for him to counterattack!

Yuan Xufeng had just gotten so close to Chen Xiang, and was not on guard at all, so he had no idea that Chen Xiang could use such a powerful World Defying Stage Divine Power! Yuan Xufeng had also come here from the Myriad Tao a long time ago, and for many years, he had already forgotten about the World Defying Stage Divine Power. Furthermore, when he was fighting with Chen Xiang, he knew that Chen Xiang’s World Defying Stage Divine Power could not be leaked.

Just now, he had been looking straight into Chen Xiang’s eyes, and was so close to him, that Chen Xiang only needed to release a short moment of Demon Eye Ray to pierce through Yuan Xufeng’s eyes and head.

"I’m not that easy to deal with." Chen Xiang had already escaped from the black whip.

It could be seen that the black whip was controlled by Yuan Xufeng, who could control the whip through his spirit energy.

After Chen Xiang struggled free, he kept the whip inside the You Yao Mountain Villa, it was already his!

"I will kill you!" When Yuan Xufeng saw that Chen Xiang had taken his whip away, he was enraged. He immediately jumped up and rushed over.

Seeing him rush over, Chen Xiang immediately threw the Six Realms mirrors out. When Yuan Xufeng was about to punch him, he happened to hit the Six Realms mirrors in the mirror.

The mirror suddenly trembled, reflecting back the force that he had unleashed just now. Moreover, it was several times stronger!

Yuan Xufeng never thought that a mirror would suddenly appear, and even more so, he never expected that after his fist landed on it, it would reflect such a terrifying force, and shatter his arm!

Soon after, Chen Xiang fiercely rushed over and directly grabbed the Six Realms mirrors and poured a large amount of World Defying Stage Divine Power in, causing a large amount of strong World Defying Stage Divine Power to flow and activate the array formation inside the Six Realms mirrors, then he raised the Six Realms mirrors and crazily slapped Yuan Xufeng’s head.

Both of Chen Xiang’s hands grabbed onto the edge of the Six Realms mirrors, and continued to pound on Yuan Xufeng’s head non-stop, and with a few blows, it was shattered to pieces!

"Old bastard, to make you treat me so maliciously." Chen Xiang stood up, gasped for breath, and kept the Six Realms mirrors.

The surrounding spectators were all stunned, not long ago Chen Xiang was still in a difficult situation, but not long ago, he who was extremely proud of himself was killed, and even his brain was smashed.

"I won!" Chen Xiang looked at the people and shouted: I need to rest for a while before I can continue fighting, do you all have any objections?

The seventeen people all shook their heads, their emotions were a little complicated right now. Firstly, they were happy, because they had lost another competitor because they did not give Chen Xiang’s Wudao spiritual Dan out. At the same time, they were also more worried because Chen Xiang was not weak at all, and he had even obtained the black whip.

Especially the red light that was being emitted by Chen Xiang’s eyes, it made them extremely shocked; to think that it could so easily penetrate Yuan Xufeng’s head; they had never seen this kind of method before.

And Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors, in their eyes, was just a very powerful shield that could even reflect strength!

In battle, they could use weapons and divine artifacts, but now, Chen Xiang would be able to rely on these things to become even stronger, causing them to be secretly worried, worried that they would not be able to defeat Chen Xiang.

Everyone saw that Chen Xiang was extremely stubborn, even to that extent just now, he still did not admit defeat, so it would be extremely difficult for them to defeat Chen Xiang and make him hand over the Wudao spiritual Dan.

Chen Xiang sat on the ground to rest.

"How many days do you need to rest?" A red-clothed old man asked, "Can you draw a stone tablet first?"

The red-clothed old man was also extremely impatient.

"About three days. That shouldn’t be a problem, right? You all have all seen my previous battle, right? I was very tired from it." Chen Xiang said: "Alright, I will take out a stone tablet now."

Chen Xiang exhaled, then took out the box and shook it, and very quickly a stone tablet came out. The 17 old fellows all anxiously looked at Chen Xiang and picked it up.