Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Everyone held their breath, they wanted to see who the next person fighting Chen Xiang would be!

"Hu Wenyun!" Chen Xiang shouted, only to see a red-clothed old man immediately overjoyed, as if he had already forgotten how powerful the strength Chen Xiang had displayed just now was. He believed that he would definitely be able to defeat Chen Xiang and obtain a Wudao spiritual Dan.

Everyone present believed in the effects of the Wudao spiritual Dan, because previously, Chen Xiang was still very weak. But now, he had become much stronger, able to fight evenly against an expert of the older generation!

At this moment, Hu Wenyun was also adjusting his condition. After being overjoyed, he remembered the battle with Chen Xiang not long ago, and felt that Chen Xiang still had some abilities. Furthermore, Chen Xiang had obtained a powerful long whip.

Chen Xiang was currently resting peacefully. He needed to rest for three days in order to recover, and at that time, he would be in his best condition to accept battle.

Hu Wenyun was currently discussing with the other red-clothed elders in a low voice. He did not know what kind of secret method they had used to prevent their voices from spreading.

"Chen Xiang, can you use that whip now?" Feng Ke’er asked.

"I can’t for now, it contains Yuan Xufeng’s remaining mental energy, I need to purge all of it before I can control it, this will take a period of time, why don’t you try and see if you can purge the remaining mental energy inside." Chen Xiang said: "If you can clear it within three days, then when I fight with the red-clothed old man, my chances of winning will increase by a few points."

If Chen Xiang had not been able to use the Heart Piercing Demon Eye to attack Yuan Xufeng in time, he would have been tortured a little, and would not have been able to escape the bindings of the whip.

"Alright, I’ll try!" Feng Ke’er said.

She tried it and soon came to a conclusion. "There is a lot of spiritual force inside, and it is fused together with the entire whip. It is not easy to understand. It will take you a long time to control the whip. You may not be able to use it in the near future! "

Chen Xiang thought for a moment, then said: "I still have a little strength, so I’ll make a Time Domain for you, and you can remove the spirit brand inside it. Then, I’ll see if I can directly fuse my soul with this whip inside the Divine Sense Sea, and at that time, my soul and whip will both be inside the Time Domain, and I’ll be able to gain a lot of time."

"Alright!" Feng Ke’er said: "It should work!"

Chen Xiang had released the Time Domain in the You Yao Mountain Villa, and it was only used against Feng Ke’er alone. Therefore, his energy consumption was not very large, and his own recovery speed was already very fast, so it would not affect him much.

... ....

"You don’t have to worry about that black whip, for Yuan Xufeng to control that whip so well, it must have been refined and refined by Yuan Xufeng’s Spirit Force for a long time, even if he could remove the Spirit Mark inside, it would be difficult for him to fuse with the whip in a short period of time, wanting to control this kind of Divine Weapon like a fish in water is not easy, it would at least need two months of time." An old man in red said.

"This brat has a lot of methods, I need to be more vigilant. You don’t have to worry that he will kill you, since he doesn’t have that kind of strength yet, if Yuan Xufeng wasn’t too careless, he wouldn’t have killed you this way."

"I got it!" The red light that was released by his eyes a moment ago, I have already seen it, I will guard against it. " Hu Wenyun nodded his head, "I will be even more careful. I will definitely be able to get a Wudao spiritual Dan."

The red-clothed people started to seriously discuss, while Chen Xiang was busy with his own matters.

It had only been half a day since he had used the Time Domain to buy time for Feng Ke’er to successfully wipe away the mental energy within the black whip.

"Now that your Spiritual Force has been erased, try and let your divine soul enter the Time Domain and fuse with the black whip." Feng Ke’er said.

"Alright, I’ll give it a try now!"

Chen Xiang controlled his own divine soul to enter a Time Domain, and then, he controlled the black whip to stay together with the divine soul. Afterwards, he released the mental energy from the divine soul, and at the same time, he concentrated his own mind, as if he was treating a green ghost stone.

Fortunately, he could keep up with his speed, allowing the black whip to absorb his psychic power. "If everything goes well, I’ll be able to fuse with this whip in three days." Chen Xiang was secretly delighted. He looked at the red-clothed people, he guessed that these red-clothed people all knew of the characteristics of the long whip, and definitely thought that he wouldn’t be able to control the whip in the short term. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"It’s not a last resort. Don’t use it." Chen Xiang made up his mind. Soon after, he heard the crowd of people in the distance talking about this matter, and actually felt that he would not be able to grasp this powerful whip in a short period of time.

This made him even more determined. This was not a critical moment, so he definitely could not use it.

The black whip slowly but steadily established a connection with Chen Xiang, and Chen Xiang could already gradually feel the close connection between this whip and himself, which made him even more at ease.

In the blink of an eye, three days had passed and Chen Xiang had recovered from his previously exhausted look.

"It’s the same as before. We’ll start after a hundred steps, with our backs facing each other." Chen Xiang said.

"Don’t worry, we will allow you to use that black whip." Hu Wenyun laughed sinisterly: "We are very reasonable."

Chen Xiang cursed in his heart. If he was really being reasonable, he wouldn’t have come to snatch him.

"En!" Chen Xiang only nodded his head. With a dull expression, it made people feel that he wasn’t particularly happy, as if his heart was a little heavy.

"Alright, let’s begin now!" Hu Wenyun and Chen Xiang had their backs against each other and after walking a hundred steps respectively, the battle had already begun.

What Chen Xiang found strange was that Hu Wenyun did not turn around, but stood still!

Just like last time, after taking a hundred steps, Chen Xiang suddenly turned around and charged out. After that, he punched across the sky at Hu Wenyun, blasting out a monstrous wave of fist force.

The fist force swept out, releasing a hualala sound, and instantly covered Hu Wenyun within it. However, Hu Wenyun stood very steadily on the ground, and only then did he slowly turn around.

He turned around and roared at Chen Xiang. An extremely terrifying sound wave rushed out, shaking the entire ground and causing some of the nearby boulders to shatter.

The spectators in the distance were so shocked that their ears hurt. They had no choice but to use their own strength to block this sound wave.

And when Chen Xiang was hit by the sound wave, his ears hurt. At this moment, his ears were still buzzing, and he could not hear anything at all.