Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang did not stop his attack at this point in time and continued to attack Hu Wenyun’s legs, melting away all the bones.

Hu Wenyun was already lying on the ground, and was unable to get up on his own, much less attack Chen Xiang.

They could not use the World Defying Stage Divine Power, so after their bones were melted, they could not use the World Defying Stage Divine Power to support themselves. To the Pathless Cultivators, the body was their foundation, so a heavy injury to their bones was fatal.

"Just admit defeat!" Chen Xiang said. He did not want to kill Hu Wenyun right now, because he was a member of the red-robed man. If he were to kill him, the consequences would be dire.

The few red-clothed people coldly watched from the side, as did the other people. None of them expected Chen Xiang to be so powerful, and his attacks this time were much faster than the previous ones.

"You think I will lose just like that?" Hu Wenyun laughed sinisterly, his eyes suddenly turned red, and his body started to leak gas.

Chen Xiang smelled a fishy smell and was shocked in his heart. This Hu Wenyun was actually burning the blood essence in his body, and when it burned, it would emit a very strong power.

"Damned brat, don’t even think of defeating me." The blood mist on Hu Wenyun’s body exploded, creating a burst of strong pushing force, his entire body turned into a red beam of light and struck towards Chen Xiang.

This power was extremely terrifying, and when it charged over, Chen Xiang felt that the space around him had become extremely unstable, as if it was going to be crushed. It was too late for him to dodge.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

Hu Wenyun’s head struck Chen Xiang’s chest, sending him flying!

Seeing him burn his blood essence, everyone felt that if they bumped into Chen Xiang, what Chen Xiang said would seriously injure him, but Chen Xiang had only flown out and landed on the ground.

Hu Wenyun however, was in a miserable state. He did not even have a head left, he had already died!

Chen Xiang touched his chest, where there was a small Six Realms mirrors, the Six Realms mirrors’s mirror was for the outside world, and when that energy rushed over, the Six Realms mirrors would increase its power by a few times and bounce back.

Hu Wenyun had used his head to smash Chen Xiang’s chest, so the rebounding force hit Hu Wenyun’s head as well, causing him to lose his head!

"None of my business." Chen Xiang looked at the furious red-robed men and shrugged.

This really had nothing to do with Chen Xiang. He did not expect Hu Wenyun to actually attack him and he was not on guard at all.

The red-clothed person was very strong, causing the entire Pathless City to tremble in fear. But now, one of them had died, and the surrounding people were all scared speechless by Chen Xiang’s strength.

"You killed our comrades." A red clothed man said angrily.

"Isn’t that fine? There are five of you, but one of you has died, and I only have four Wudao spiritual Dan, which is just enough for you. " Chen Xiang smiled faintly. Although his words were unpleasant to hear, those red-clothed people thought that it was reasonable. Otherwise, if one of them could not obtain it, they would definitely hate the other.

When everyone saw the expressions of those red-clothed people, their hearts couldn’t help but turn cold. Just a moment ago, these people were still angry over the deaths of their companions, but after thinking of their own interests, they unexpectedly had such cold expressions!

Chen Xiang saw their reaction, and it was expected. As long as they could break through, it wouldn’t matter even if their loved ones died!

He had already heard that these red-clothed people had become crazy. In order to break through and eat people everywhere, they no longer had any humanity left. Just now, they were angry because they wanted to display their prestige.

"I will continue to draw the stone tablet. I need to rest for the day." Chen Xiang picked up the box and shook it, producing a stone tablet.

"Jia Gangyi!" Chen Xiang raised the stone tablet up for them to see.

Jia Gangyi was a red-clothed person!

The previous two times Chen Xiang had truly drawn his stone tablet, but this third time, it was done on purpose!

In this place, the people he feared the most were these red-clothed people. He wanted to get rid of them one by one, but he didn’t know if he could proceed smoothly.

"You have some ability, but don’t be arrogant." Jia Gangyi said: "This time, I will definitely defeat you."

There were only sixteen people left, and every time they fought Chen Xiang, one of them would die. They also felt that Chen Xiang’s rules were too unreasonable, but his judgement on winning and losing was too strict.

If he wanted Chen Xiang to lose, he could only kill him, but if he wanted to kill Chen Xiang, he couldn’t get the Wudao spiritual Dan! And if Chen Xiang wanted to win, he could only kill the other party.

Chen Xiang could not kill him, so he should not admit defeat.

The sixteen people felt as if they had jumped into Chen Xiang’s trap. They started to worry, as they didn’t know how many people they would still have left in the end. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

He was still secretly putting the Six Realms mirrors on his body. After the Six Realms mirrors had been modified by Feng Ke’er, it had already become more and more useful, and this was a great divine tool for him to defend himself.

"When we have time, we must use the Myriad Tao Divine Soil to transform the Six Realms mirrors. This thing is too easy to use." Chen Xiang thought about how Hu Wenyun had smashed her head against his Six Realms mirrors and couldn’t help but want to laugh.

Chen Xiang stealthily glanced at the four red-clothed people. They had already ran off into the distance, as if they were discussing something.

"We have to be careful of these guys." Chen Xiang did not believe that these red-clothed people would honestly carry on, so unless he had no other choice, he would not reveal his Heavenly magic sword and black long whip.

It’s about time you leave this place. After you go up, you can absorb the World Defying Stage Fierce Power from the Pathless Origin inside your Divine Sense Sea World. When that time comes, you will have enough strength to fight your Heaven Old Orcs. Feng Ke’er said.

"Mm, when uncle breaks through, I’ll think of a way to leave this damn place." Chen Xiang said: "Even though this group of people were invited to this No Tao Place, I felt that they seemed to be locked in this place on purpose. Although cultivating without a path could allow them to break away from the Myriad Tao and head towards the Myriad Tao, reaching the last step was simply too difficult, it is almost impossible."

Chen Xiang had heard that there were very few people who could cultivate to the end without relying on pills, that was why Wang Dao became a legend. It was because Wang Dao entered this place not long ago and could just rely on pills to break through.

"I don’t know where this Chen Cai fellow is. When I go out, I have to find him and ask him to help me reform the Six Realms mirrors." Chen Xiang said: "When the time comes, I will need to get some Myriad Tao Divine Soil s."