Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

While Jia Gangyi was discussing something with the other red-clothed elderly men, he also looked in Chen Xiang’s direction from time to time. It could be seen that the things they were discussing right now were related to Chen Xiang.

"If only we could hear their conversation." Chen Xiang also wanted to know what kind of things they were discussing, but he had a nagging feeling that these red-clothed elders were not that honest.

"Ignore them. You just need to continue stalling for time. No matter how powerful they are, they shouldn’t dare to offend others!" Feng Ke’er said: "Other than them, there are over ten other old fellows who are also very strong. They definitely won’t let these red-clothed old fellows do as they pleased."

"Hopefully!" Chen Xiang sighed in his heart, "But I still have to prepare for the worst. If I knew earlier, I would have delayed for a bit longer."

When he was fighting with Yuan Xufeng previously, he delayed it for more than ten days, and when he fought with the red-clothed old man next, it only took a few days to finish the battle.

After a day of rest, Chen Xiang had already recovered very well. Jia Gangyi had already arrived beside him and said: "You can begin now, right?"

Chen Xiang looked at the sky, it was only the morning.

"Let me rest until noon. I feel like I haven’t recovered much." Chen Xiang wanted to stall for as much time as possible. Right now, he felt that this group of people did not have much patience.

"Didn’t we agree on a day? "It’s time now." Jia Gangyi was a little angry, and said with a cold face.

"I’m not fully recovered yet. I just need to wait until noon. I don’t need that much time." The other party was anxious, but Chen Xiang remained calm.

"Humph!" Jia Gangyi snorted, and returned to the group of people.

Chen Xiang was secretly amused. He had already initially figured out that Jia Gangyi’s personality was one of the most impatient ones, and now that he had delayed for a little more time, he felt that he couldn’t sit still any longer. He almost started a quarrel with Chen Xiang.

"This guy looks really angry!" Chen Xiang quietly glanced at the distant Jia Gangyi.

At this moment, Jia Gangyi’s face was flushed red. He was talking about something with the other red-clothed elders and it was obvious that he was holding back his anger with a single glance.

Chen Xiang didn’t care, since he had successfully delayed for half a day.

"When the battle starts, I have to think of a strategy to stall for time. I have to delay this battle until Uncle comes out of closed door training." Chen Xiang closed his eyes and continued to rest.

Very soon, it was noon. When Chen Xiang stood up, he was already by’s side.

"Is it okay now?" Jia Gangyi said coldly.

"Alright, it’s the same as before!"

Chen Xiang and Jia Gangyi had their backs facing each other, and after the two of them walked a hundred steps out, they began to fight.

This time Chen Xiang did not choose to be the first to attack. His main goal was to defend and stall for time.

Jia Gangyi’s reaction was just as Chen Xiang had expected. He was the first to attack, but his speed wasn’t very fast.

"This speed doesn’t seem like something that he should have. Could it be that he’s deliberately hiding his strength?" Seeing Jia Gangyi slowly rushing over, Chen Xiang was secretly suspicious in his heart. He had already mustered his strength to seriously defend himself, so that the opponent would not be able to harm him.

"Admit defeat, brat!" When Jia Gangyi was still more than three meters away from Chen Xiang, his expression suddenly changed, and became as white as snow, as if he was covered in a layer of ice.

Chen Xiang immediately sensed an icy cold Qi approaching him, this bone-piercing coldness caused his body to ache. He was extremely shocked, this was another kind of strange power.

"This is bad!" Chen Xiang only felt that his legs suddenly lost consciousness, he immediately released his World Defying god fire and allowed it to flow into his thighs.

The World Defying god fire quickly entered his thighs, but the cold energy did not disappear. Instead, it became stronger, and the Icy cold power extended from his legs all the way to his upper body.

"What’s going on?" Chen Xiang was extremely anxious, both of his legs were already numb at the moment, and he could feel a chill spreading to his upper body.

"This is a very special kind of Icy cold power, it can even swallow flames to strengthen itself." After sensing it, Feng Ke’er anxiously said: "Right now, your situation is extremely dangerous, let me see if I can help you seal this power, now that I have already activated the array formation inside the Six Realms mirrors, quickly use Devouring magic kungfu and swallow the rich Icy cold power in your thigh, leave the rest to me."

Jia Gangyi was already standing in front of Chen Xiang. With a cold smile on his face, he said, "You can’t move! [If you don’t give up, I will castrate you on the spot ...] And then towards you, hehe ... "

Jia Gangyi licked his tongue: "I will bite off one piece of your flesh after another, I really like to eat tender skinned brats like you."

Hearing Jia Gangyi’s words, the coldness that was sealed by Feng Ke’er once again surged into Chen Xiang’s heart!

"This guy is too vicious." Chen Xiang secretly operated Devouring magic kungfu, and absorbed all the Icy cold power in his thigh into Divine Sense Sea.

When this power entered the Divine Sense Sea, his Divine Sense Sea instantly became a world of ice and snow. Fortunately, Feng Ke’er had a way to solve this problem, and he quickly recovered his Divine Sense Sea.

However, Chen Xiang had not stopped his devouring, because there were so many Icy cold power s in his thigh. He had no idea how Jia Gangyi had managed to do it, but in such a short period of time, he had poured so many Icy cold power s into his thigh.

"You’re quite capable, to be able to dissolve my power of ice." Jia Gangyi could feel the power of ice on Chen Xiang’s thigh slowly disappearing. Although he was secretly surprised in his heart, he was not in a hurry.

Jia Gangyi suddenly laughed sinisterly, his body releasing another burst of cold Qi, after feeling the cold Qi, Chen Xiang was secretly afraid, this cold Qi was rushing towards his chest.

Fortunately, he had placed a piece of Six Realms mirrors in front of his chest. This piece of Six Realms mirrors was able to block the incoming Icy cold power attack. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"This guy is very vicious, I definitely can’t let him succeed." Chen Xiang’s face turned cold, he suddenly moved his hand, which caused Jia Gangyi to be extremely shocked. He thought that Chen Xiang had already been frozen by his Yin Energy, but could still move even now.

Furthermore, a black long whip appeared in Chen Xiang’s hand.

"Don’t be afraid, he still can’t control this long whip." Jia Gangyi told himself not to worry about Chen Xiang being able to use his powerful whip.

But, after Chen Xiang waved the long whip vigorously, the whip immediately left Chen Xiang’s hands. Like a nimble black poisonous snake, it flew towards Jia Gangyi and tied him up tightly in the blink of an eye.

Jia Gangyi had never thought that Chen Xiang would be able to refine this black whip in such a short period of time.

Everyone present was extremely astonished. They were very clear about this type of divine weapon. If they couldn’t remove the remnant soul imprint within, they wouldn’t be able to carry out the refining process.