Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Refining a Divine Weapon will take a long time, and it will also take at least a month to remove the soul brand. But right now, it’s not going to be that fast!

When the other three red-clothed elders saw that Chen Xiang had succeeded in using the black whip, they actually rushed over immediately. This was because they knew that if they did not go over now, their comrades would definitely die.

They wanted to save Jia Gangyi not because of their friendship, but because the number of red-clothed people among them was becoming fewer and fewer. If there were only two or three left, they wouldn’t be as overbearing as before, and many would even come to take revenge on them.

"Use that!" Jia Gangyi shouted.

Jia Gangyi was the leader of the red-clothed men. He had discussed some matters with the other three red-clothed elders before, but now that he had suddenly yelled that out, Chen Xiang felt extremely uneasy in his heart.

The speed of the three red-clothed old men was extremely fast. They instantly arrived around Chen Xiang and surrounded him. Then, their eyes turned red and their bodies began to emit waves after waves of red mist.

"Just how many evil methods do these guys have?" Just now, Chen Xiang felt that it was extremely inconceivable for Jia Gangyi to be able to release that kind of power of cold and yin. He felt that this power should belong to the World Defying Stage Divine Power and could not be used by those who cultivated unscrupulously, but Jia Gangyi was still able to use it.

"The Six Realms mirrors can definitely block it!" Chen Xiang was very confident in the Six Realms mirrors. He had just said that the Six Realms mirrors had helped him withstand Jia Gangyi’s extremely strong yin ice power, otherwise, his entire body would have been numbed and in pain.

After the three red-robed elders surrounded Chen Xiang, their eyes shot out dark red rays of light that struck Chen Xiang’s mind. It was unknown what they were doing.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" When Chen Xiang’s head was hit by the red light, he suddenly felt a sharp pain, as if his head was going to be ripped apart.

"What are you doing!" Chen Xiang bellowed: You guys suddenly attacked me, this is not fair!

"Little bastard, I’ve tolerated you for a long time." One of the red-clothed old men laughed sinisterly, the red light in his eyes became even brighter, and Chen Xiang’s head also started to glow brighter. More pain.

When the other dozen old men saw this, they hastily rushed over.

"What are you doing? Isn’t this a fair fight?" An elder said angrily, "You two have joined hands to deal with him. Do you want him to escape?"

"Hmph, don’t you know that Ji Xingyuan is cultivating in seclusion? He is only here to buy time for Ji Xingyuan to break through, the moment he breaks through, he will still be able to escape. " Jia Gangyi sneered when he was tied up on the ground: "You all have seen it too, this brat has many tricks up his sleeve, we are no match for him at all, and in the end, we get nothing, and furthermore, die in his hands.

At this time, Chen Xiang was still screaming nonstop. That power had entered his brain and caused him to feel extreme pain, causing him to be unable to say a single word.

"Then what are you going to do to him now?" An elder could naturally tell that it would be difficult for them to defeat Chen Xiang, especially since Chen Xiang had already refined that black whip.

"We are currently using a spell on him. If we succeed, we can make him listen to us, and make him obediently hand over the Wudao spiritual Dan." Jia Gangyi said: "As long as he hands it over, we can discuss how to split it. Or, everyone can study it together and see what kind of power the Wudao spiritual Dan contains to help someone break through."

Hearing their words, Chen Xiang’s heart was filled with worry, but he had no way of getting rid of them.

He couldn’t move at all, and the Six Realms mirrors couldn’t resist the attacks of the curse.

Just as Chen Xiang was feeling extremely anxious, the huge mountain underneath his feet suddenly trembled!

They were worried that they would be affected by the explosion, and more or less, all of them guessed that this group of red-clothed old men would not honestly fight against Chen Xiang.

"What’s going on?" Jia Gangyi, who was still lying on the ground, frowned and asked as he felt the mountain shake violently.

"I don’t know, we’re going to succeed soon." A red-clothed old man was extremely excited. If they succeeded, the Wudao spiritual Dan would be theirs.

Chen Xiang was still screaming. That painful sound was too scary, but hearing it made Chen Xiang feel extremely uncomfortable.

Everyone was focused on Chen Xiang, who was enduring the incomparable pain. None of them had any sympathy for him since Chen Xiang had the Wudao spiritual Dan but he didn’t give it to them!

Just as everyone was secretly enjoying the scene, a deafening voice rumbled through the air like a thunderclap.

"I’m here!"

This was Ji Xingyuan’s voice!

When Ji Xingyuan’s voice came out, everyone was able to guess that Ji Xingyuan had broken through!

When they thought of this matter, their faces were filled with jealousy and hatred! They had been trapped here for so many years, but now Ji Xingyuan wanted to break through and leave this damned place!

After Ji Xingyuan’s voice was heard, he suddenly appeared behind a red-clothed elderly man.

"Behind you!" Jia Gangyi shouted in alarm, but it was already too late. He only saw Ji Xingyuan’s hands suddenly stab into the red-clothed old man’s back, and then, alive, he tore the red-clothed old man into two halves.

After getting rid of the red robed old man, Ji Xingyuan’s arm was like a blade as it slashed towards the other two red robed old men. His arm released a burst of golden energy that was extremely berserk and terrifying, when it struck the two red robed old men’s bodies, it brought along an explosive shockwave, directly slashing a large portion of their bodies into bloody mist.

"It’s the World Defying Stage Fierce Power!" Chen Xiang was shocked. At this time, he had already relaxed a lot and the force that caused him so much pain in his head had already disappeared.

Ji Xingyuan’s body shone with a golden light, he looked at the dozen or so elders who were fleeing far away, then shouted loudly, rushed forward with a palm strike, causing his palm to fly forward like a thunderbolt, the dozen or so elders felt as though their backs were struck by a gigantic hammer, causing their backs to split open.

Ji Xingyuan made two more palm strikes, the palm force that was filled with limitless power rushed forward, the ten over elders were enveloped by the palm force again, their bodies immediately split into pieces! Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

The people who had been observing from afar had already run far away. They were running at the fastest speed ever!

"Uncle!" Chen Xiang saw that Ji Xingyuan was floating up bit by bit, and anxiously shouted.

"I have already successfully broken through, Chen Xiang, thank you very much, if not I would not know how long I would have to stay here!" Ji Xingyuan said with a smile on his face, "You are a person with great potential. We will definitely meet again in the future. Goodbye!"

"Take care!" Chen Xiang shouted to Ji Xingyuan who was floating in the sky, "Give my regards to Old Wang!"