Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

After Ji Xingyuan floated high up in the sky, a very small black hole appeared there. Ji Xingyuan was sucked into the black hole and disappeared.

Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief, looked around, there were still a lot of people here, but now only he and Jia Gangyi was left!

"You’re pretty lucky, you can live longer than your companions." Chen Xiang chuckled, "Furthermore, they will also be able to see uncle make a breakthrough and head towards the Myriad Tao. They won’t have the chance to witness that."

"You ..." Jia Gangyi didn’t know what to say at this time. He knew Chen Xiang’s methods, and no one could save him now. The strongest group of people in this place had already been killed by Ji Xingyuan.

Jia Gangyi saw Ji Xingyuan’s strength, but after breaking through, he was actually so powerful, and when he killed them, it was as easy as killing a chicken. When he thought about this, he became even more furious, because the one who broke through was not him.

Incomparable jealousy drove him mad. He roared, howled, vented out the jealousy and hatred that had been suppressed in his heart, and the endless fear that the impending death would bring him.

When Jia Gangyi roared, he could not help but spurt out a mouthful of blood in the air!

Chen Xiang took out the Heavenly magic sword!

Jia Gangyi finally saw Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword. They had previously believed that Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword could no longer be used, but now they seemed to have guessed wrongly that Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword could still be used. It was just that Chen Xiang had purposely hidden himself to delay time.

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]

"Don’t worry. After you die, your corpse will have a good home to return to. I will feed your corpse to the toad." When Chen Xiang finished, he waved his Heavenly magic sword and cut off Jia Gangyi’s head, then threw the corpse to the toad to eat.

Finally, everything came to an end. Chen Xiang immediately ran to a place very close to the dark area where he could hide.

"All of this went well!" Chen Xiang looked up into the sky and couldn’t help but say with a sigh, "Uncle finally succeeded. I hope he can live a better life with Half-ghost Old Man."

Thinking about Myriad Tao Dan God’s death, Chen Xiang couldn’t help but feel sad.

"Myriad Tao Dan God, after I go up, I will definitely avenge you." Chen Xiang secretly swore in his heart, and then started to rest.

When he had been attacked by the curse earlier, it had consumed a great deal of his mental energy. Now that it was over, he only felt exhausted. He only wanted to have a good rest and nothing more.

He rested for several days before he regained his spirit!

"It’s time to go back!" Chen Xiang still had many enemies to deal with outside, so the people and Heaven Old Orcs were very strong.

Now that he had cultivated successfully in the No Tao Place, his strength had advanced by leaps and bounds. He felt that after going up there, the people of the World Defying Stage Clan would no longer be able to deal with him, unlike before, where he had to hide from the people of the World Defying Stage Clan.

"World Defying Stage Clan, just you wait. After I go back, I’ll let you experience my power first." Chen Xiang entered the dark region; he previously came from here, but it’s unknown if the way back is blocked. If it’s blocked, then he might have to think of another way to return.

After walking in the dark for a few days, Chen Xiang finally found the crack in the ground. However, this crack was already extremely small, and was still shrinking bit by bit.

"We can still make it. If we’re any slower, we might not be able to make it back." Chen Xiang walked to the bottom of the crevice and then floated upwards. The purple mist underneath had already disappeared.

"If you go up, that would be where the Heaven Old Orcs is. You need to be careful." Feng Ke’er said.

"Hmm, I just wonder how the upper management is doing now." Chen Xiang was a little worried about the Natural Law World.

Although the Natural Law World wasn’t together with the Divine Wasteland, there were still people who were able to go to the Divine Wasteland.

When he was floating upwards, Chen Xiang finally saw the light after a few days of darkness. He returned to the Divine Wasteland from his new life.

"Is this still the Myriad Tao Forest?" When Chen Xiang arrived in the air, he looked down at the large forest. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Previously, this place had been ravaged by a large group of Heaven Old Orcs, but it had already become extremely desolate.

There were people in the Heaven Old Orcs who knew what to plant. Chen Cai had told him before, so he didn’t know the purpose of growing these plants.

"If I am able to use the World Defying Stage Divine Power in combination with my immoral body, my strength is already extremely terrifying." Chen Xiang felt that if he were to face the Heaven Old Orc Emperor again, he would definitely not be in such a sorry state.

Chen Xiang rode on the Six Realms mirrors and used the Counter Power to carefully fly above the forest.

He was still a little worried about meeting the Heaven Old Orcs, since this was the lair of the Heaven Old Orcs. If he caused too much of a commotion, it would attract a large number of Heaven Old Orcs.

"Aren’t we teleported back to the Dan God Mysterious Land?" Feng Ke’er asked.

"This place is a little strange. I’ll check it out first, this place doesn’t look like a place where barbaric things like the Heaven Old Orcs gather."

Chen Xiang flew in the sky and looked down. It was extremely beautiful below him, whether it was the jade-green Evergreen Tree or the lush green sea of the prairie. Many rivers flowed across the forest and under the light of the sun, the sparkling water emitted a golden radiance, looking extremely beautiful.

After Chen Xiang flew down, he could see groups of birds chirping as they flew past. On the grassland below, there were groups of ferocious beasts running around.

"Is this really the Divine Wasteland? Am I out of the way? " Chen Xiang tried it, and since it was still normal teleportation, it should be the Divine Wasteland that he was familiar with, but this Myriad Tao Forest shouldn’t be like this.

After flying for less than half a day, the Myriad Tao Forest had undergone an earth-shattering change. He suspected that he had left this place for too long, otherwise there wouldn’t have been such a huge change.

"Let me see if I can enter the Six Realms Time and Space Door." Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors s, and looked at the familiar faces. They were all in good condition, and this allowed him to confirm that they were Divine Wasteland.

"Look to see if Murong Honglian is here." Chen Xiang’s heart moved, he only saw Murong Honglian appearing inside the Six Realms mirrors, and when he saw Murong Honglian, he couldn’t help but be startled. Murong Honglian was bathing in a hot water pond, and had even walked in from the pond.

Murong Honglian’s body was seen clearly by Chen Xiang, and he couldn’t help but swallow his saliva!

"Scoundrel!" Feng Ke’er laughed.

Chen Xiang anxiously kept the Six Realms mirrors away, and after a while, he took it out again. By now, Murong Honglian was already dressed.

"Little Red Lotus." Only then did Chen Xiang dare to send a sound transmission to Murong Honglian. Otherwise, if Murong Honglian knew about that, he would definitely be scolded.

"Chen Xiang, where did you go?" The last time she had parted ways with her master and with Chen Xiang, she had never contacted Chen Xiang again. She had been waiting for Chen Xiang for a very long time.

"I was chased by the Heaven Old Orc Emperor and fell into a damned place. Now, I’ve finally escaped." Chen Xiang sighed: "What is going on with the Divine Wasteland? How long have I been gone? Why do I feel like there’s a big change here! "