Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Murong Honglian only knew that Chen Xiang had gone to the Myriad Tao Forest, but she did not know the rest. Now that she found out that Chen Xiang had actually been chased around by the Heaven Old Orc Emperor, she couldn’t help but be worried.

"Heaven Old Orc Emperor is very powerful, you were able to escape his pursuit, you are truly powerful!" Murong Honglian exclaimed: "After you and I parted ways, you have already followed us for more than three years!"

"It’s been three years!" Chen Xiang was a little surprised, but luckily it was not for a long time. He thought that the time inside the No Tao Place was the same as the time they were here, but it seemed that there were still quite a few differences. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"How is Heaven Old Orcs now? This group of people broke the seal and ran out, there’s no chaos here right? " Chen Xiang was still in the Myriad Tao Forest at the moment. The scenery in the Myriad Tao Forest was not bad and there was no damage done, and to be able to become like this in three years was already very rare. There must be some kind of powerful force changing this place, otherwise there wouldn’t be such a huge change.

Murong Honglian said: "After Heaven Old Orcs came out, they went everywhere to eat people, but it only lasted for half a year, and for some reason, they suddenly became well-behaved, and then a group of self-proclaimed Heaven Old Divine Race appeared, with extremely powerful strength. They teamed up with the World Defying Stage Clan, and wanted to subdue and conquer the Heaven Old Orc Emperor."

"Heaven Old Divine Race!" After Chen Xiang heard it, he could not help but think deeply. The sudden appearance of the Heaven Old Orcs and the Heaven Old Orcs was not a coincidence, they were all just people ...

"Yes, they are very strong, they should be humans. Although World Defying Stage Clan has a good relationship with them on the surface, they are actually following their orders." Murong Honglian said: "But what’s strange is that they do not plan to find trouble with Heaven Old Orcs at the moment, but rather recruit warriors from all over, and say that they are going to war with a place called Natural Law World. They say that it is the holy land of the Heaven Old Orcs, a place where evil breeds!"

"What?" Chen Xiang was shocked, and shouted angrily: "This group of bastards ... It must be done by the World Defying Stage Clan! "

The one behind the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain was the World Defying Stage Clan, and the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain had been holding them in, so they suspected that Chen Xiang was secretly affecting the Natural Law World. That was why the people inside the Natural Law World were developing so quickly, and why they placed their attention on the Natural Law World after the World Defying Stage Clan found out about this.

They truly hated Chen Xiang to the bones. Now that Chen Xiang had disappeared for a few years, they had no way of taking revenge on him, and could only vent their anger on him, and furthermore, they had joined hands with the extremely powerful Heaven Old Divine Race.

"What’s wrong?" Seeing Chen Xiang so angry, Murong Honglian immediately asked.

"It’s nothing, this group of bastards!" Natural Law World is the world I was born in, don’t you know? There are my family and friends in there. " Chen Xiang said: "They want to use this to threaten me."

"So that’s how it is. No wonder they value it so much." Murong Honglian finally understood that she had a lot of doubts about this matter.

"How is your master now?" Chen Xiang asked, now he was prepared to head to Dan God Mysterious Land and tell Lv Qilian and the others about this matter.

"He has already recovered. He’s in seclusion concocting pills." Murong Honglian said: "He is trying to refine a type of pill that will make the body of the World Defying Stage stronger, and the material is from the Heaven Old Orcs. If successful, he only needs to eat this pill, and he will be as strong as the Heaven Old Orcs."

"That’s good. I have to go back quickly!" Do you know when Heaven Old Divine Race and World Defying Stage Clan are going to make their move? " Chen Xiang asked.

"Right now, they are only just beginning to recruit people. I don’t know when they will begin!" Murong Honglian said: "I will go out and investigate, when that time comes, just contact me."

"Alright, then I’ll be troubling you!" Chen Xiang nodded, then returned to the Dan God Mysterious Land.

Chen Xiang teleported back to Dan God Mysterious Land, and when he arrived there, he couldn’t help but be shocked!

Previously, the Dan God Mysterious Land was empty and only had a few people from the World Defying Stage, who were the only ones there. But now, it had become very lively, and had turned into a city!

"What’s going on?" Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors and tested it out. Soon enough, he saw Long Jiuxiao.

"Senior Ninedust." Chen Xiang asked: "Why did you come to Dan God Mysterious Land?"

After he confirmed Long Jiuxiao’s location, he teleported over to the hall where he was waiting. When he arrived, he saw World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor and the others.

They were slightly shocked when they saw Chen Xiang had arrived before them, and then greeted him with a smile. They were also quite worried about the time that Chen Xiang had gone missing.

Qilian, you guys are here too. Chen Xiang saw that Lv Qilian and Long Huishan were also there.

"Hundreds of Flowers Village and Heavenly Dragon City have moved in here! Now, Heaven Old Divine Race and the World Defying Stage Clan are preparing to attack the Natural Law World. " Lv Qilian asked: "Where have you been all these years that you’ve been missing?"

"I went to a mysterious place. I didn’t stay there for long." Chen Xiang laughed: "It’s good that everyone is fine now, I’ve just returned and heard about the matter of the Heaven Old Divine Race."

"Actually, we have enough strength to fight against them, but the result is only mutual damage. Right now, we only want stability, so we don’t want to waste our efforts on them. After a while, I will break the communication between Dan God Mysterious Land and them." The World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor asked: "Chen Xiang, you and the Natural Law World have some connections, what do you plan to do now?"

Chen Xiang frowned, and asked: "How much do you know about Heaven Old Divine Race?"

Everyone looked at World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor. The only one who knew that there were many things here was the World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor.

World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor shook his head: "I don’t know much, I only know that they are of the same origin as Heaven Old Orcs and that they have a certain degree of bloodline relationship with each other. Furthermore, their strengths are very strong. Oh right, they are the more overbearing kind of people, this point will be a little similar to Heaven Old Orcs. "

"I keep having the feeling that the Natural Law World is hiding something. On one hand, they are going to the Natural Law World to ask for the other two, and on the other hand, they should be looking for something." Chen Xiang said: "If we are only going to deal with Hundreds of Flowers Village and the Heavenly Dragon City, just the World Defying Stage Clan and the people from the Heaven Old Divine Race would be enough. But right now, they are still planning to recruit a large group of people to the Natural Law World."

"This is obviously to send this group of people to their deaths and help them search for something in some dangerous places."

World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor shook his head and said, "We are all very familiar with Natural Law World ... You yourself are the same, what do you think the Natural Law World will hide? "