Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Pure Text Online Read Local Domain Name Mobile Phone Synchronous Read Please Visit

Chen Xiang did not lack Myriad Tao Divine Soil s, he could refine them himself, but he did not want his enemies to gain too much.

"What I am curious about now is where did these Tiangu beast come from and how many of them there are." Chen Xiang was extremely suspicious, "Just what happened above the Myriad Tao that was always able to descend upon such a strong guy batch by batch. First, it was the former Heaven Old Orcs, then it was the Heaven Old Divine Race, and now it’s the Tiangu beast."

"I don’t know about that. If you want to know, you have to grab their higher ups and ask them." Chen Cai shook his head.

At this time, Chen Xiang and Chen Cai had no way of knowing where the Tiangu beast had come from, so they could only give up and wait for them to see the living Tiangu beast with their own eyes.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Suddenly, someone roughly knocked on the door.

There were many people at the backyard of the He Clan. Chen Cai had only just arrived and did not know many people, but there were already people looking for him. This made him more curious about who was looking for him.

After opening the door, the dozen men immediately rushed in and quickly closed the door. Each one of them was ferocious and had a murderous look on their faces. They were all big men.

"You two have just arrived, right? Who are you two?" One of the young men said. He looked at the middle-aged leader and said, "He is our big brother, Big Brother Big Biao. Quickly kneel down and salute him. From now on, you all have Big Brother Big Biao protecting you."

"Oh yeah, after you kneel, don’t forget to give a billion Dao crystal to Big Brother Big Biao."

The funny thing was, these ruffians actually cultivated the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage, they did not know how they managed to cultivate it. It could only be said that the pills in the Divine Wasteland were flourishing more and more, allowing many people to cultivate to the Venerable ancestor realm.

"What if we don’t kneel down and give up to the Dao crystal?" Chen Cai asked: "This is the He Clan, even if we are to give it to him, we will give it to him. If we were to tell this to the people of the He Clan, wouldn’t you be afraid?"

"Haha ..." When the ten-odd men heard this, they all burst into laughter.

"He Clan? Don’t you know that we are protected by the people of the He Clan? Stop talking nonsense and quickly kneel down. Otherwise, don’t blame us. " A young man said as he rubbed his fist, which was making a gurgling sound. Judging from his ferocious expression, he was very scary.

But Chen Xiang and Chen Cai were not afraid of them at all.

"So it turns out that the He Clan is protecting you!" Chen Xiang laughed: "I don’t believe that the He Clan would shelter you ten over stupid pigs. He Clan is a grand World Defying Stage Clan, but he can raise pigs, it’s unbelievable!"

"You’re courting death!" The young man immediately roared and threw a punch at him.

His fists were still extremely fierce and imposing in the past, but when his fists approached Chen Xiang’s face, they were suddenly blocked by a burst of support, and it was difficult for his fists to reach’s face.

"A bunch of overconfident people. Do you think you guys can take our protection fee?" Chen Xiang sneered, extended his hand and grabbed the big sized man’s wrist, then pinched it hard, and with a crack, the Bones on his wrist was broken by Chen Xiang.

What frightened the youth was that he did not feel any pain, and the bones in his wrist were broken!

"You ... "You are going against the heavens!" Big Brother Big Biao saw that Chen Xiang was actually fighting back, and immediately became furious. He took out a large hammer and rotated it towards Chen Xiang.

"You bunch of weak pigs only dare to do this sort of thing." Two beams of fire shot out from Chen Xiang’s eyes, burning the hammer into ashes. This scared Big Brother Big Biao so much that he retreated a few steps.

Now, they finally understood that the people they met this time were extremely powerful, and their strength far surpassed theirs!

People with that kind of strength were mostly from World Defying Stage, they would definitely not be able to beat him.

"You all ... There are those who won’t leave. " Big Brother Big Biao’s reaction was very fast. He hastily left through the door, and the rest of the people immediately followed, worried that they would be killed.

"I didn’t expect to cause trouble, these guys are really bastards." Chen Xiang shook his head and sighed: "He probably went to look for help."

"Let’s take a look first!" Chen Cai put his hand on Chen Xiang’s shoulder because Chen Xiang wanted to leave.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang did indeed want to stay here and head towards the Natural Law World to follow the World Defying Stage Clan and search for the Tiangu beast. It was just that he didn’t know if they would still be able to go if he stirred up some trouble now.

Very soon, people arrived, the people here were a bit more powerful, but Chen Xiang and Chen Cai were not afraid!

"Isn’t this the steward?" Chen Cai laughed when he saw an elder walk in.

Chen Cai had seen this butler before when he first entered the backyard, and he had a good relationship with the butler too.

Chen Xiang guessed that Big Brother Da Biao and the rest of them had this butler behind their backs.

When the butler came in, his face was fierce, but after seeing Chen Cai, his expression became much warmer. He looked at the group of pigs behind Chen Cai and berated angrily: "You pigs, if you continue to cause trouble for me, all of you get out of He Clan!"

The butler was not like those fellows who only had eyes and eyes for eyes. Of course, he could tell that Chen Xiang and Chen Xiang were not ordinary people, or else he wouldn’t have scared Big Brother Big Biao and the others so much that they would run away.

But this made him curious, why would the people of the World Defying Stage come here? The majority of the people who came here were here to obtain divine pellets, a divine pellet to allow someone to enter the World Defying Stage was extremely precious, and only through this opportunity would ordinary people be able to obtain one.

However, to those who had already stepped into the World Defying Stage, this was not very attractive. However, Chen Xiang and Chen Cai were here! Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Chen Cai seemed to have already seen through the butler’s thoughts. He walked over and smiled: "Butler, we are indeed from the World Defying Stage, we only came here out of curiosity. It’s very rare for us to be able to accompany the World Defying Stage Clan and the Heaven Old Divine Race on an adventure in this world."

"Traveling outside is a form of training for us. It can strengthen our mental state." Chen Xiang laughed: Chief butler, let’s forget about this matter. We don’t have any losses anyway.

"Then I’ll apologize for those guys here." The butler hurriedly nodded with a smile and apologized to Chen Xiang and Chen Cai.

Chen Xiang and Chen Cai naturally accepted his apology and chatted for a while. In the end, the butler said that he still had things to do and left in a hurry.

"I wonder if we will attract the attention of the He Clan." Chen Cai said: "There are already a lot of people in the Venerable Ancestor Later-stage now, but there aren’t many in the World Defying Stage, only many in the World Defying Stage Clan. Very few people in the citizens are able to step into the World Defying Stage with their own strength, if there are any, they would be won over by the powers such as the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect."

"As long as they don’t find out who I am." Chen Xiang said: "Our current goal is to follow them to the Natural Law World to find those Tiangu beast and find out where those Tiangu beast came from."

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]