Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Pure Text Online Read Local Domain Name Mobile Phone Synchronous Read Please Visit

Chen Xiang and Chen Cai had been waiting here for a few days, but no one from the higher ups of the He Clan came to look for them.

Big Brother Da Biao and the rest of those ruffians are most likely kept by the butler. This butler made a lot of money and was worried that we would expose him, so he did not inform us of his identity. Otherwise, if we were to discuss this with the higher ups of the He Clan, he would be in deep trouble. Chen Cai laughed. He had only been in the human world for a few years, and already understood this kind of human nature.

"A powerhouse like the He Clan should not like this kind of thing." Chen Xiang laughed: "That’s not bad, at least it’s a good thing for us."

"But we still have to be on guard." Chen Cai opened the door and went outside: "Look! It looks like we are about to set off. During this time, you always come to remind us to be prepared. "

When Chen Xiang went outside, he saw that there were already more than three thousand people in the courtyard. Big Brother Da Biao and the other ten odd people had also disappeared, probably killed by the butler.

"The main butler belongs to World Defying Stage. This guy must have earned a lot." Chen Xiang looked at the butler in the distance and said softly to Chen Cai. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

An old man dressed in extravagant clothing suddenly arrived, and the main butler immediately and respectfully walked over to pay his respects to the old man.

"Everyone has been waiting for a long time. We can set off tomorrow morning! "Before you depart again, you must eat a pill. This pill can protect you from being poisoned." The old man took out a golden box and handed it to the butler. "Give one to each of them and watch them eat it."

The steward nodded and gave the pill to everyone.

The three thousand people let him send it for a long time, but now it was Chen Xiang’s turn. Chen Cai and Chen Cai’s turn, they had already agreed to pretend to eat it, so after they received it, they only put it in their mouths, and then used a force to wrap this pellet in.

Alright, everyone has already consumed it. In that case, if you meet a savage beast who knows how to use poison, you all don’t have to worry about it. When the old man saw that everyone had finished eating, he said loudly: "Go back and have a good rest, we will set out tomorrow morning and head to Natural Law World."

After the old man, everyone went back to their own rooms.

After Chen Xiang returned to his room, he quickly spat out the pill and frowned: "This is definitely not an antidote pill."

Chen Xiang could currently be said to be one of the top Alchemist s in the Divine Wasteland, so he could tell with a glance if it was a poison antidote pill or not.

"What kind of pill would that be?" Chen Cai also spat out.

"I don’t know yet. I’ll take a look after I dissolve it." Chen Xiang took out the Tianchuang furnace and placed the pellet inside, then released the weak World Defying god fire inside to incinerate.

"This is a poisonous pill!" After Chen Xiang incinerated, he said in shock, "Could it be that these fellows want to use poison pills to control everyone?"

"So sinister!" When Chen Cai found out about this, he was a little angry, but he almost believed it.

"It should be a poison pill that will take effect at a certain time." Chen Xiang said: "I’ve been infected with this poison before, but I just don’t know what will happen when this poison pill breaks out."

Chen Xiang also did not understand this kind of pill, he continued to study it closely, while Chen Cai had already gone to rest.

Early morning on the second day, when Chen Cai woke up, he saw that Chen Xiang was still facing the pill furnace, so he said: "We’re going out to gather, have you gotten a result?"

"There are already results. This pill should have been refined by the Heaven Old Divine Race. I never thought that there would be an alchemist master in the Heaven Old Divine Race." Chen Xiang exclaimed: "His technique is also very profound."

Chen Xiang was only curious about what would happen after the poison broke out, and he also had to find a way to cure it, because it was refined by the Heaven Old Divine Race. If the Heaven Old Divine Race were to use it on him in the future, he would be prepared.

"There are indeed many strong fellows in the Heaven Old Divine Race. It is not strange for them to refine pills." Chen Cai said: "Maybe they even refined a large amount of pills to allow people to enter World Defying Stage."

"It should be good!" They even know how to use this poison pill to control others. That way, they won’t need to be afraid of betrayal, and they don’t need to pay anything to be able to get a bunch of slaves. Chen Xiang gnashed his teeth and said: "I must stop this from happening."

"Is there any way?" Chen Cai asked: "I’m also worried that I’ll be poisoned, if you have a good idea, then that’s fine. I don’t need to worry about that anymore."

"Not at the moment, but if I meet people from Heaven Old Divine Race and kill one or two of them, I can find a way to break their detoxification pills and find the herbs needed to concoct them." Chen Xiang said.

Chen Cai had already opened the door and walked out. After following him out, they saw the old man again, but what surprised both him and Chen Cai was that many of them looked listless, and were even trembling.

Seeing this situation, Chen Xiang and Chen Cai reacted very quickly. They immediately pretended to be listless and like the others, their bodies trembled as they walked into the group.

Many people here seemed to understand something when they saw that everyone was in the same situation.

Just as Chen Xiang had said, the poison from the pellet yesterday had already acted up, which was why everyone acted like this. He and Chen Cai had only pretended to eat it, so they weren’t poisoned.

"Everyone’s condition isn’t too good!" As the old man spoke, he had a sinister smile on his face, "But don’t worry, I have pills for you. If you take them, you will recover immediately."

As he spoke, the old man had the butler give each of them a red pill.

Chen Xiang and Chen Cai could see that when those people saw this pill, they looked like hungry wolves that had seen meat. Their eyes had already turned red, and when this pill came into their hands, they quickly stuffed it into their mouths.

When it was Chen Xiang and Chen Cai’s turn, they also learned to act like this, in order to not be suspected. When the main butler saw them acting like this, he was secretly happy, because the people from the World Defying Stage were also controlled by the He Clan.

After consuming the pill, everyone recovered their spirit, everyone knew that this was all part of the He Clan. Although they were angry in their hearts, they did not dare to make a sound, because they were sure that they would be in that state again in the future. If they did not have the antidote pill, they would feel very uncomfortable.

They were all cursing He Clan in their hearts!

Chen Xiang and Chen Cai had also pretended to eat their antidotes, Chen Xiang did not expect to get his hands on the antidote so quickly, and now, as long as he had time, he would be able to concoct the same antidote.

"Alright, we can set off now!" When the old man saw that everyone was being honest, he immediately laughed out loud and took out a huge Frisbee, allowing everyone to walk on it.

After going up, the elder controlled the flying discs to fly quickly, and they headed towards the Myriad Tao Forest.

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]