Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

The people of the Heaven Old Divine Race were much more powerful than the people of the World Defying Stage Clan. The people of the Heaven Old Divine Race could use the powerful World Defying Stage Fierce Power, and like the Heaven Old Orcs, they both had a strong heart, and their hearts were their weakness.

"Don’t go against the people of the Heaven Old Divine Race, even if you know their weakness it would be hard for you to defeat them." Chen Xiang had seen the Heaven Old Divine Race before, they were indeed very strong, he did not know if he could defeat them.

"That’s because Heaven Old Divine Race is a lot more powerful than Heaven Old Orcs. Otherwise, Heaven Old Orcs would not be so obedient right now! If they want to suppress Heaven Old Divine Race, then they can only look at Heaven Old Orcs. Heaven Old Orcs should be thinking of a way to evolve his strength right now, and only then will they be able to fight against the people of Heaven Old Divine Race. " Chen Cai’s words made Chen Xiang feel a little heavy.

The people of Heaven Old Divine Race seemed to have grasped some way to release the Tiangu beast. Now that they had their eyes on the Natural Law World, they would definitely continue.

In a short period of time, they would not be able to fight against the World Defying Stage Clan and the people of Heaven Old Divine Race.

"I’ll go look for these guys now and see where they are." Chen Xiang had seen the Heaven Old Divine Race people following them in before, but he did not know whether they were going back or not.

Closing his eyes, Chen Xiang could directly observe the Natural Law World. If there was a very powerful aura being released from the Natural Law World, he could also quickly lock onto the location of the aura being released.

Not long after, he found a person from Heaven Old Divine Race.

"Found it, he’s the only one!" Chen Xiang shouted excitedly. If he was alone with the Heaven Old Divine Race, he felt that he could still handle it.

"Are you sure he’s alone?" Chen Cai asked: "Search the surroundings again, if there are other people from the Heaven Old Divine Race nearby, it would not be good."

"Yes, search carefully." Chen Xiang searched carefully, but there was no one around the Heaven Old Divine Race. The person he found was indeed him.

"He’s the only one. Come with me." Chen Xiang said: "When the time comes, you will hide in the vicinity. If there is any danger, I will depend on you."

"What is this guy doing there?" Chen Cai asked.

"I don’t know. He was sitting on top of a mountain peak with his legs crossed, as if he was resting or sensing something." Chen Xiang said: "He probably did not realize that all the Tiangu beast were already killed."

"Go to that place and let me stay at the foot of the mountain. Go find him yourself. If there really is something dangerous, I’ll help." Chen Cai said. His strength was still very strong, and he had a lot of experience dealing with the Heaven Old Orcs. In his eyes, the Heaven Old Orcs was no different from a person from the Heaven Old Divine Race.

"Alright!"

Chen Xiang brought Chen Cai and stealthily arrived at the foot of the mountain. After he placed Chen Cai at the foot of the mountain, he himself activated Counter Power to conceal himself, and then quietly flew to the top of the mountain.

He was wearing a mask, and his face could not be seen. When Chen Xiang arrived in the sky, the Heaven Old Divine Race person was still sitting cross-legged, as if he did not know that he had arrived.

"This guy is very strong!" Although he was sitting here quietly without any defenses in place, why do I feel like he has no flaws? " Chen Xiang wanted to attack, but he didn’t know how. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

He rarely encountered this kind of situation. In the past, when he appeared on top of an enemy’s head, if the enemy didn’t notice, he would be able to kill him in the next few seconds.

But this Heaven Old Divine Race person made him feel like he had no place to start.

"Use that black whip to tie him up, and then release the seal’s power from the Six Realms mirrors. Finally, use the Heavenly magic sword to stab his sword through his heart." After Chen Xiang decided on his strategy, he took a deep breath.

This was him using all of his most powerful divine tools at once. It could be seen how cautious he was towards this Heaven Old Divine Race person!

He took out the black whip and made a decision. After making a decision, he suddenly threw the black whip out, and in the blink of an eye, the black whip appeared on the Heaven Old Divine Race’s body, binding the Heaven Old Divine Race’s person, and then he released the Six Realms mirrors.

"It worked!" In the next moment, Chen Xiang appeared behind the Heaven Old Divine Race man and thrusted out his sword. Just as he was about to pierce through the man’s body, an astonishing thing happened.

The Heaven Old Divine Race person’s body suddenly swayed, and released a gold light. The dazzling gold light carried a scorching heat, and in an instant, Chen Xiang felt that the blood in his body was about to be burnt.

After a flash of golden light, the Heaven Old Divine Race disappeared as well. He hurriedly retrieved the black whip and Six Realms mirrors back.

"This guy ..." His body turned into light and broke free from the restraints I placed on him. " Chen Xiang’s seal did not seal the light, but the light could easily pass through the seal and shine out, thus, the person from Heaven Old Divine Race could break open the seal and escape.

"Who are you?" His voice was filled with killing intent, the dense killing intent caused the sky to suddenly turn dark, and the cold wind howled incessantly.

"I am a person of this world, and you are here to cause destruction. I do not welcome you." Chen Xiang said.

"I really didn’t think that there would be someone with this kind of strength in this world. This is extremely rare, but it’s a pity that you met me." After the Heaven Old Divine Race disciple said this, he rushed down, his body shot forward like a ray of light, causing Chen Xiang to instantly feel a scorching pain.

"This guy is really scary." Chen Xiang placed the Six Realms mirrors on his chest. When the other party rushed over and struck the mirror, it was immediately bounced back.

After being rebounded, the people of Heaven Old Divine Race were in a sorry state, the magnificent golden-white robe on his body had already been burnt to pieces.

"You ... Just what was this thing? It can actually injure me. " The people of Heaven Old Divine Race shouted in anger, "Weak human, you have angered me!"

"You are the ones who angered me, right? You came to this world to cause destruction for no reason at all? You barbarians actually think that you are very noble. In my eyes, you are just arrogant wild boars. " Chen Xiang snorted, and retorted angrily.

The people of Heaven Old Divine Race, who had always thought of him as very noble, were actually called wild boars by the humans they had looked down upon. This caused him to be extremely angry.