Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang’s words infuriated the Heaven Old Divine Race, causing his body to continuously release terrifying golden light. This light made the stones on the mountain peak melt, it was so strong.

"Is it the World Defying Stage Fierce Power? "It really is scary!" As Chen Xiang held onto the Six Realms mirrors, he started to worry if his own Six Realms mirrors could still hold on!

Although Chen Xiang’s eyes were in pain from the light, he did not close his eyes. He saw that in the instant of the light explosion, a large ball of golden light flew towards him from the exploded body of the Heaven Old Divine Race.

There was a Six Realms mirrors in front of Chen Xiang’s chest. This kind of quick attack was impossible for him to dodge, and he could only rely on the Six Realms mirrors to block it!

"Hua!"

The golden light shone onto Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors, and after a series of explosions, Chen Xiang was forced to retreat. There were Six Realms mirrors blocking that ball of energy, but he was not injured.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" The waves of energy were still rampaging inside his body, wanting to destroy his body. Luckily, even if he could circulate the Devouring magic kungfu, he was able to absorb and refine the waves of World Defying Stage Fierce Power that had entered his body.

"How did you train your body?" He clearly knew that Chen Xiang had a divine tool that could reflect his strength, but he still continued to charge forward. It was to distract Chen Xiang’s attention and let the few tiny golden threads he had released penetrate the latter’s body.

He had already succeeded, but he did not manage to kill Chen Xiang as successfully as he had expected!

In his imagination, as long as his World Defying Stage Fierce Power entered Chen Xiang’s body, he would be able to quickly destroy Chen Xiang’s flesh, but this never happened. This was something he had never encountered before, even against the powerful Heaven Old Orcs, this move of his was extremely effective, and could easily destroy Heaven Old Orcs’s heart.

"This guy has a lot of combat experience, but unfortunately, he made a mistake." Chen Xiang suddenly spat out a mouthful of blood, the opponent’s attack just now had severely injured him.

"Hmph, looks like your body isn’t very strong either!" When the Heaven Old Divine Race saw Chen Xiang spitting out a large mouthful of blood, and that the blood carried his boiling power, he could not help but laugh.

"I want to see how long you can last!" Heaven Old Divine Race flew over once again, his attack was the same as before, it was just that he released even more golden threads this time.

"Come in!"

When the Heaven Old Divine Race turned into a golden light and rushed towards Chen Xiang’s chest, the Six Realms mirrors that was in front of Chen Xiang’s chest suddenly appeared. The Tianchuang furnace’s mouth faced the golden light and after the golden light rushed in, Chen Xiang immediately closed the lid, while the Six Realms mirrors went to resist the golden silk threads that came from all directions, rebounding all the golden silk threads out.

The surface of the Tianchuang furnace was extremely hot, and it was shaking non-stop.

"If this goes on, your Tianchuang furnace will be destroyed." Feng Ke’er said, using the Six Realms mirrors to cover the furnace entrance, facing into the furnace with the mirror, as long as he released any energy, it would bounce back from the mirror.

Chen Xiang immediately did as he was told, but before he released a ball of his power, he started bombarding the Heaven Old Divine Race Cultivator inside, while the latter blocked his attack, he took the chance to change the cover.

The Heaven Old Divine Race caught a glimpse of a hole in the cover just now, but it was immediately covered again. He once again transformed into a golden light and charged forward, but after clashing against the Six Realms mirrors’s mirror, the force he released was rebounded back, and it had increased by several times, hitting him back, seriously injuring him.

"This guy killed himself!" Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief, looked at the Heaven Old Divine Race inside the furnace and laughed.

"What’s going on?" Chen Xiang suddenly saw a large black cloud rolling in from the distance, accompanied by a terrifying aura.

"They’re from the Heaven Old Divine Race, four of them, and they’re very strong. They look like they released all the World Defying Stage Fierce Power from their bodies, and they’re rushing towards us." Chen Cai suddenly jumped up: "Hurry and go!"

Chen Xiang grabbed Chen Cai, and immediately teleported into Dan God Mysterious Land!

"That guy was taken care of by you?" Chen Cai asked.

"He was captured by me, but he didn’t die. It took me a long time to get him. This guy is really strong." Chen Xiang said: "If I didn’t react fast, maybe I would be the one to be done for."

Chen Xiang and Chen Cai were currently in a secluded place in Dan God Mysterious Land, and he told Chen Cai the entire process.

"What a powerful Heaven Old Divine Race, it’s been a long time since I last saw them, how did they improve so much?" Chen Cai’s face became gloomy.

He had told Chen Xiang before, as long as he could attack the heart, it was fine. But this was not easy, because the Heaven Old Divine Race people’s bodies could split at any time and then combine together. If they got close to them, they would need to possess sufficient strength to fight them in close quarters, otherwise, it would not be able to pierce their hearts.

"Go and refine those Tiangu beast first, I want to see the situation inside the Natural Law World." Chen Xiang closed his eyes and examined the mountain peak he was at just now. He saw four Heaven Old Divine Race s there, all dressed the same.

"Ol ’Five just issued an emergency call for help. This is a very rare occurrence. There is actually an expert in this world that can make him ask for help."

"Who exactly are they? It is impossible for humans to be so powerful, and we can only be the Heaven Old Orcs, but how did the Heaven Old Orcs come to this place? "

"I don’t know. In short, Ol ’Five is still alive, but his whereabouts are unknown. We must find him. He has the World Defying mad source bead, we can’t let him fall into other people’s hands."

"Even if he dies, we must get the World Defying mad source bead back."

Hearing their conversation, Chen Xiang’s heart jumped, the man from Heaven Old Divine Race just now actually asked for help, if he could hold out for a while longer, these people would have arrived.

The four Heaven Old Divine Race people immediately spread out, looking for the "Fifth Brother" in the air!

Chen Xiang took out the Tianchuang furnace, looked at the Heaven Old Divine Race man lying on the ground, and thought: "What is a World Defying mad source bead? Could it be that their powerful World Defying Stage Fierce Power came from the World Defying mad source bead s? "

Chen Xiang controlled the Six Realms mirrors to enter and kill the Heaven Old Divine Race people inside. He wanted to see if he could find the World Defying mad source bead.Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎