Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang probed the body of the Heaven Old Divine Race person, and very quickly discovered that there was a very strong energy source in the heart of the Heaven Old Divine Race person, and it was extremely violent. Not long after he killed the Heaven Old Divine Race person, the body started to exude a gold light, and very quickly, it became gold colored ashes.

"Oh no ..." No, it must be because the body has lost its consciousness and is unable to control the strong power inside it, that’s why the power is destroying the body. "

Chen Xiang was sure that the energy source was the World Defying mad source bead!

Sure enough, a golden bead appeared inside the Tianchuang furnace, this bead was currently colliding against the walls of the furnace, the speed of the collision was extremely fast, as though countless golden lights were flashing around inside the furnace.

"Can this thing help us cultivate World Defying Stage Fierce Power?" Chen Xiang immediately used the World Defying Stage Divine Power to control the suppression, but it did not succeed.

"Xiao Ke’er, try releasing your sealing power."

"This thing has a very strong World Defying Stage Fierce Power, I wonder if it can be tamed by me!" Chen Xiang looked carefully and sent out his divine sense to investigate, but he did not find anything.

"It’s best not to fuse with this thing. This thing might be obtained by some means and might not belong to them." Feng Ke’er said.

Chen Xiang had previously heard from the four Heaven Old Divine Race s that they were going to take back the World Defying mad source bead.

"Yes, I’ll try and see if I can refine it!" Chen Xiang released the World Defying god fire to burn.

After being burned in the Time Domain for a month, he actually did not succeed!

"This thing is very hot to begin with, and the World Defying Stage Fierce Power is so much stronger than my World Defying Stage Divine Power. If I were to release the World Defying god fire to burn it, it would only be engulfed." Chen Xiang said: "It’s not easy to deal with!"

"Seems like I can only wait for you to cultivate World Defying Stage Fierce Power." Feng Ke’er said: "You should be aware of the difference between yourself and those Heaven Old Divine Race people now!"

"Of course I know. I will start training the World Defying Stage Fierce Power now."

Chen Xiang’s body had an Invigorated Meridian, which allowed him to absorb the World Defying Stage Fierce Power above the Myriad Tao. Previously, he could not absorb it because his body was not strong enough, but now that his body was strong enough, the time was ripe.

He closed his eyes and focused all of his attention on the Heavenly Passage Channel in the Divine Sense Sea World, trying to sense something from it.

After an unknown amount of time, he suddenly felt a golden power appear before his eyes.

After opening his eyes, he examined the Divine Sense Sea’s black meridian, and saw a trace of golden light shining inside.

"This is the World Defying Stage Fierce Power?" Chen Xiang immediately lured the golden silk thread over and gathered it: "I should need to condense a World Defying mad source bead, I don’t know how long it will take, I need to use the dual Time Domain."

After using dual Time Domain, he could transform one day into thirty months of time to use!

He didn’t know why, but the speed at which the World Defying Stage Fierce Power was being absorbed was extremely slow.

Thirty months passed quickly, but the World Defying Stage Fierce Power that he had condensed was only the size of a grain of rice.

"This should be my World Defying mad source bead, but compared to the Heaven Old Divine Race, it’s way too small!" The World Defying mad source bead s of the Heaven Old Divine Race were as big as eggs.

"I can only continue. I have to hurry up." Right now, he could not use the Triple time field either, otherwise he would not have enough energy to condense World Defying mad source bead.

It had already been a month since they were outside and the atmosphere inside the Dan God Mysterious Land was extremely tense. Because something big had happened in the Natural Law World and they wanted to contact Chen Xiang, but Chen Xiang still hadn’t appeared.

Chen Xiang was right inside the Dan God Mysterious Land, he had almost finished cultivating his World Defying mad source bead. Although it was not as big as an egg, it was still not bad.

"Let me check the situation of Natural Law World!" After Chen Xiang closed his eyes, he immediately sensed that a lot of dead souls had appeared in the Natural Law World, and quite a few people had died.

"Quite a few people have died. At least a few cities have been destroyed. This group of bastards, I will make all of you accompany me in death." Chen Xiang could feel the Qi of the four Heaven Old Divine Race people, they were also hunting Tiangu beast s. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

When he came out, he immediately went to find World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor and the others, telling them some information.

"Right now, the most important thing is not to eliminate the things outside, but to strengthen the Natural Law World’s spatial barrier, so that they won’t be able to open it that easily. Only you can do this." The World Defying Stage Tao Ancestor said.

"Mm, you guys should be careful when you go out. Don’t deal with those fellows. Once I’ve reinforced the space wall, I’ll go out and destroy them." Chen Xiang hurriedly left and came to a quiet place before he attempted to sense the spatial wall of the Natural Law World.

As he was a cultivator of spatial energy, he was able to sense it very quickly. Moreover, he could sense that there were a few weak spots and even some cracks. He immediately released some spatial energy to repair it.

He would need to consume a lot of his energy to repair it. Fortunately, he recovered quickly and was able to maintain his energy consumption.

"It’s been repaired. The next time they want to open it won’t be that easy!" "Right now, I have to continue strengthening the spatial walls. It looks too thin." Chen Xiang did not know why, but he was getting more and more familiar with the Natural Law World, and he was getting more and more clear about it.

"Using my World Defying Stage Fierce Power to circulate the laws of space, I wonder what will happen!" Chen Xiang thought of doing it, and immediately gave it a try. After that, he released an extremely dense spatial energy, which turned into a golden color and rushed into the spatial wall of the Natural Law World, swiftly strengthening the spatial wall.

"No, my World Defying Stage Fierce Power is too weak, it’s not enough!" Chen Xiang saw that the World Defying mad source bead he created had become dim and he could not help but become anxious.

"Got it!" He remembered the big World Defying mad source bead in the Heaven Old Divine Race.

After a few tries, he successfully transferred the World Defying Stage Fierce Power inside into his small one, and then used his own small World Defying mad source bead to summon his spatial energy to strengthen the Natural Law World’s spatial wall.

He carried on continuously for a month. That large World Defying mad source bead had already become transparent, and all the World Defying Stage Fierce Power inside had been used up, while the Natural Law World’s spatial wall had already become very strong.