Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

At this time, Chen Xiang’s relationship with the Natural Law World was getting closer and closer. He didn’t know what was going on, but if it was before, he wouldn’t be able to make such a huge change to the Natural Law World.

"Is it because I’m getting stronger and stronger? So can I now have basic control over the Natural Law World? " Chen Xiang thought so. Right now, he could directly sense the space of the Natural Law World, and could even release his own strength to strengthen it.

He once again confirmed the location of the Natural Law World and was very satisfied: "This will do for now. After I get rid of those few Heaven Old Divine Race people, I’ll use the World Defying mad source bead s in their bodies to increase the space."

If it were not for him using that World Defying mad source bead, the space of Natural Law World would not have been strengthened so quickly.

As long as the space of the Natural Law World was not as easily torn apart as before, it would be difficult for people from other worlds to reach the Natural Law World, and only he could freely enter or leave it.

"Could it be that they’ve killed a lot of them and reduced the number of people here?" Chen Xiang guessed, and very quickly discovered that there were a few auras.

"They are fighting!"

Chen Xiang had already seen three Heaven Old Divine Race people fighting against a Tiangu beast. What made him curious was that the Tiangu beast was very small.

The Tiangu beast he had seen before were all as large as a mountain, but right now, they were fighting with the people of the Heaven Old Divine Race s who were only slightly taller than normal. Compared to the other Tiangu beast, they were very small.

What surprised Chen Xiang was that this Tiangu beast was extremely powerful, to the point that it actually required three Heaven Old Divine Race s to attack it together. Furthermore, they were unable to attack it for a long time, making it difficult to deal with.

"This thing is very strong, go and ask Chen Cai!" When Chen Xiang arrived at Chen Cai’s secret room, he found that Chen Cai was in the midst of extracting Myriad Tao Divine Soil s from the Tiangu beast’s fur. Other than needing some time, he didn’t need to consume anything else.

"The space has already been strengthened by me. It won’t be so easy for those fellows to come back to Natural Law World in the future." Chen Xiang said: "How are you doing, did you manage to get many Myriad Tao Divine Soil s?"

"It’s not much, it’s pitifully little!" Chen Cai shook his head: "Of course, this is not as much as I had expected. A Tiangu beast is able to produce two and a half taels of Myriad Tao Divine Soil."

"Indeed, it is rather rare." Chen Xiang laughed: "But at least it’s better than nothing!"

"But it’s true. There are a lot of Tiangu beast anyway, so you should be able to catch some of them." Chen Cai laughed: "Are you prepared to go out?"

"Yes, I saw three Heaven Old Divine Race people surrounding and attacking a Tiangu beast, it’s just that this Tiangu beast looked very strange, it looked like a gorilla."

Chen Xiang told Chen Cai about the size of the Tiangu beast!

"Oh my god, this must be a beast king. It’s said that the beast king of Tiangu beast can evolve into a human." Chen Cai said: "Right now, you should be considered a beast king."

"Doesn’t that mean that there are more Myriad Tao Divine Soil on this Heaven Old Super Beast King?" Chen Xiang’s eyes lit up.

"That’s not it, maybe not at all." Chen Cai shook his head: "I don’t dare to be sure either."

"Alright, I’ll go out now and see if I can find a chance to ambush those three bastards." After Chen Xiang found out about the situation with the Tiangu beast, he immediately headed towards the Natural Law World.

... ....

"These guys are all using the strength of their flesh, they didn’t use the World Defying Stage Fierce Power?" Chen Xiang was watching the battle between the Heaven Old Divine Race people and the Tiangu beast from afar. He also noticed that the Tiangu beast’s fur was gray, without any thorns.

However, the Heaven Old Super Beast King’s fur was extremely tough. Chen Xiang saw that even though one of the Heaven Old Divine Race people used his weapon to hack at it, he could not leave any scars.

"This guy is really scary, but my Heavenly magic sword should be able to easily break through his defense right?" Chen Xiang frowned: "Even so, this thing is not easy to deal with, I wonder if I can beat it."

Seeing that the three Heaven Old Divine Race s were struggling so much, Chen Xiang secretly calculated in his heart.

"If this goes on, we will lose. Have you informed the boss?" One of the Heaven Old Divine Race people asked anxiously: "If he doesn’t come soon, we have to leave quickly."

"We’ve already notified him, but there seems to be a problem with our communication device. The space here has suddenly increased, but we don’t know why it’s like this." Another Heaven Old Divine Race said.

The space here had indeed just been strengthened by Chen Xiang, and originally, they couldn’t use the communication device anymore, unless they forged it from a new perspective.

"Then let’s hurry up and go." The voice of one of the Heaven Old Divine Race people was filled with worry.

"No, this is a Tiangu beast that is close to the existence of a beast king, we cannot let it go. If we can tame it, he can bring us into the Heaven Old Super Realm, and there will be a large number of them, and even more Myriad Tao Divine Soil."

"You should know why the beast hair on these Tiangu beast s can be refined into Myriad Tao Divine Soil right? The main reason is that there are a large number of Myriad Tao Divine Soil at their place, and they often roll on top of the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, which accumulated over time."

"This Heaven Old Super Beast King definitely knows how to go to Heaven Old Super Realm. This is a very strange time-space world." The Heaven Old Divine Race said, "We must stall for time and wait for Boss to come."

The ’big boss’ they were talking about was the strongest, but for some reason, he hadn’t come yet.

"Does this Heaven Old Super Beast King have that kind of ability?" Chen Xiang was shocked. If he could quickly obtain a large number of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s, he wouldn’t need to refine them himself.

At this time, his heart was thumping wildly. There were a lot of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s and that number was very little above Myriad Tao.

"Is it really possible that there are a large number of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s?" Chen Xiang was still suspicious of this.

Roar!

Heaven Old Super Beast King suddenly roared out, his fist finally struck one of the Heaven Old Divine Race’s man’s chest and sent him flying. The Heaven Old Divine Race man’s heart was severely injured, and he could not help but scream in pain.

"Third brother... You useless thing, you actually got hit by this beast. " One of the Heaven Old Divine Race people was very angry, because he was also flustered. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Heaven Old Super Beast King only needed to deal with two people from Heaven Old Divine Race, the pressure on him lessened.

"The Heaven Old Super Beast King is really powerful, to think that it would be so easy to deal with three people from the Heaven Old Divine Race." Chen Xiang was secretly shocked, he was worried that this beast king would be taken away.