Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Pure Text Online Read Local Domain Name Mobile Phone Synchronous Read Please Visit

Chen Xiang immediately closed his eyes and searched the Natural Law World for him, but he was unable to find him even after searching for a while.

"Where did you go?" Chen Xiang frowned: "He cannot leave this place. The space here has already been strengthened by me, so he cannot open it."

He continued to search within the Natural Law World, but he could not sense the aura of this person from there. He could only search on one side, while killing the Tiangu beast that were participating in the search on the other.

A few days later, he suddenly sensed a trace of Qi, but immediately disappeared. This allowed him to be sure that the Heaven Old Divine Race was still inside, and that he had hidden himself.

"Does this guy already know that his other three companions are dead?" Chen Xiang guessed that this was the only way he would hide.

"He feels that it’s impossible to leave this place. Furthermore, he has a powerful enemy here, so he will definitely be very careful." Feng Ke’er said: "If it was me, I would be the same."

The other party was extremely vigilant, and it would be very difficult for Chen Xiang to find him.

In the next ten days or so, he killed Tiangu beast s everywhere, and the few hundred Tiangu beast s were easily taken care of by him. Although the World Defying mad source bead he produced was relatively small, it was enough for him to use the powerful World Defying Stage Fierce Power, but it could not be maintained for a long period of time.

After he returned to the Dan God Mysterious Land, he gave a portion of the Tiangu beast in his hands to Chen Cai.

He planned to hand over the majority of the remaining treasures to Liu Meng’er and the others.

"Xianxian, you should already know about the matters of the Myriad Tao Divine Soil." Chen Xiang came to a courtyard and saw that Xue Xianxian was reading a book. The book was filled with Spirit grain s, and all of these were given to them by Chen Cai.

Previously, Chen Xiang had told Chen Cai that if he was free, he would teach him a bit of the Spirit grain or something like that to Xue Xianxian and the others.

"Mm. Elder Chen told us in detail that you had a little bit of it before, but we didn’t know much about it back then." Xue Xianxian nodded his head, and laughed: "Your Heavenly magic sword has been newly refined by Elder Chen, right?"

"Yes!" Chen Xiang took out the Heavenly magic sword and gave it to Xue Xianxian, reminding him, "Be careful, it’s very sharp."

"En!" When Xue Xianxian took them and looked at them, Liu Meng’er and Dongfang Xinyue just happened to come out. They both looked naked at the moment, and wore extremely thin clothes.

"This is the Heavenly magic sword refined by the Myriad Tao Divine Soil!" Liu Meng’er watched very seriously, and also did not notice Chen Xiang’s mischievous gaze sweeping over them.

"If you need Myriad Tao Divine Soil, I have one here." Chen Xiang immediately gave them a huge storage box and said: "There is the corpse of the Tiangu beast inside."

He told them about the Tiangu beast hair, letting them know that the beast hair could be extracted from the Myriad Tao Divine Soil.

"Chen Cai this guy can’t refine it himself, so I’ll give you some." Chen Xiang chuckled, then pinched Liu Meng’er’s butt, causing Liu Meng’er to roll her eyes at him.

"If we can really refine a Myriad Tao Divine Soil, according to Elder Chen’s words, the refined Myriad Tao Divine Soil would be more than enough for us to use. As long as we add a little more, we can make our weapon extremely sharp and sturdy." Xue Xianxian said.

"En, but you guys have to leave some for me. I want to strengthen the Six Realms mirrors and the Tianchuang furnace, it’s not enough now." Chen Xiang said, and then pinched Dongfang Xinyue’s charming face.

No problem, if you have time in the future, you can come here to obtain the Myriad Tao Divine Soil. If you want to increase the strength of the Six Realms mirrors, I’m afraid that we cannot, and need Elder Chen to refine it. Liu Meng’er said. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Chen Cai was indeed very experienced up there.

"Alright, I’ll stay here for a few days. It’s been a long time since I’ve been with you." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Scoundrel." Xue Xianxian scolded her while laughing.

In the following two days, Chen Xiang played with Xue Xianxian and the others all day, it had been a long time since he was this relaxed.

Boom! *

A dull sound accompanied by a shaking sound was heard. Chen Xiang, who had just woken up, suddenly ran out.

The commotion was huge, and all the people in Dan God Mysterious Land were alarmed!

"It’s a spatial ripple!" When Xia Bailing came over, he anxiously said: "There is a strong wave of spatial energy attacking this place, we want to break in!"

Yue’er also flew over, saying, "This is a power from Natural Law World."

Chen Xiang immediately closed his eyes and searched the Natural Law World for signs of life. Very quickly, he saw a man dressed in luxurious robes, he was wearing a mask, and was from Heaven Old Divine Race.

"It’s someone from the Heaven Old Divine Race, this guy seems to have already discovered the existence of the Dan God Mysterious Land." Chen Xiang said: "Don’t worry, I’ll go out and meet this guy."

Chen Xiang immediately teleported outside and appeared behind the Heaven Old Divine Race.

"Sure enough, you’re inside!" The Heaven Old Divine Race individual stopped his attack and sneered: "Who are you to be hiding in this small world. For this world’s spatial barrier to be strengthened so much in such a short period of time, it must be your doing."

"And you are the one who killed my four companions, right?"

"The ones who are reckless are the two of you! This Natural Law World is a world that I control, you guys are free to do whatever you want here, so it is normal for you to be punished by me. " Chen Xiang said in a cold voice, "You will naturally not be an exception. Today is your time."

"The one in charge of this world? We, the people of Heaven Old Divine Race are the managers of the entire Myriad Tao, and we will soon be able to dominate the entire Myriad Tao. At that time, as long as we are in the Myriad Tao, they will all be ours, you truly are an ignorant fool. " The Heaven Old Divine Race laughed.

"Then let’s wait for your mighty Myriad Tao to speak. Right now, you are a group of wild boars." After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he waved his hand and released the black whip. The black whip flew out like light and wrapped around the Heaven Old Divine Race.

"It was refined using the Myriad Tao Divine Soil?" This Heaven Old Divine Race was extremely shocked, his body suddenly flashed, transforming into a ray of white light that exploded.

Countless clumps of light fused and reformed in one place, once again transforming back to the Heaven Old Divine Race.

I don’t need to pursue the matter of you killing my comrades, but you have to return the World Defying mad source bead to me. There are a total of four of them, if you don’t give them to me, then no one will be so polite with you. The Heaven Old Divine Race thought that Chen Xiang was not easy to deal with, so he discussed the terms with Chen Xiang.

The World Defying mad source bead was actually so important to the people of Heaven Old Divine Race, which was something that Chen Xiang did not expect.

"I won’t give you even a single stone." Chen Xiang had to get rid of these guys who were wreaking havoc in the Natural Law World.

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]