Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Pure Text Online Read Local Domain Name Mobile Phone Synchronous Read Please Visit

Seeing Chen Xiang’s determined attitude, the Heaven Old Divine Race knew that Chen Xiang would not negotiate with him. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"It seems this is the only way." The Heaven Old Divine Race person’s expression changed and then suddenly disappeared. He actually used spatial teleportation, which was something Chen Xiang did not expect.

"This guy actually knows how to teleport." Chen Xiang was startled and immediately went to check on the location of the Natural Law World. He quickly sensed a trace of aura and had already determined the location of the man from the Heaven Old Divine Race.

Chen Xiang teleported over and quickly caught up to him. He did not know what this Heaven Old Divine Race wanted to do!

After arriving here, Chen Xiang felt that something was amiss. By the time he realised it, it was already too late.

"I was careless." Chen Xiang looked down and realized that there was a very large array disc below. He had actually entered into a array disc that was already set up a while ago.

The moment he stepped onto this array disc, the array disc would activate and trap him inside.

"This little trick won’t hold me back." Chen Xiang immediately used the White Tiger Leap and easily jumped out of the great formation.

However, after he jumped out of the formation, he entered another formation.

"Not good, this is a Consecutive Maze Formation." Feng Ke’er said in shock: "This kind of formation is intertwined together with multiple formations, it can only be a few, or hundreds, and will be like a maze. If you jump out of this formation, you will end up in another one, and the formation will move into a few more formations, causing you to be lost."

Chen Xiang frowned and closed his eyes to look at the Natural Law World. Even though he could see the Natural Law World, it did not help him at all.

"Where’s that guy?" Is he planning to ambush me here? " Chen Xiang was extremely cautious, if the other party were to suddenly attack, with the Heaven Old Divine Race’s powerful strength, he would be in danger.

"He wouldn’t sneak attack you in here, because he wouldn’t dare to enter this kind of chain-link maze himself." Feng Ke’er said, at this moment she also felt that the situation was extremely serious, she could not afford to deal with this kind of array, she needed to break it one by one, not run out from it.

"Then let me see if I can find that guy." Chen Xiang searched for traces of the Heaven Old Divine Race disciple in the Natural Law World. He quickly found him and found that he was actually attacking the space.

"What does he want? Could it be that he wants to enter the Dan God Mysterious Land? " Chen Xiang shouted in shock, "If he is allowed to enter the Dan God Mysterious Land, the consequences will be unimaginable."

Not only was this Heaven Old Divine Race powerful, he was also very cunning. He felt that his chance of victory against Chen Xiang was not high, so he thought of other methods and had to escape from this Natural Law World, because he was the only one here and Chen Xiang was in charge. It would be very easy to find his position.

"Don’t worry, Chen Cai is still inside." Feng Ke’er said: "Right now, what we need to do is to break this formation."

Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors. He had originally planned to use the Six Realms Time and Space Door to lock onto one of his acquaintances and then teleport over. However, he did not succeed.

"What’s going on? I seem to have gone into another array. " Chen Xiang said.

"Yes, you are still in the Consecutive Maze Formation. You must break it as soon as possible." Feng Ke’er said in a serious voice, "This Consecutive Maze Arrays might be the type that possesses intelligence. He can control multiple spatial sealing formations to move back and forth, and after you charge out of this array, you will fall into another one."

"I know. It’s like I just came out of this trap, but Giant is going to fall into another trap." Chen Xiang nodded.

"More or less, but the most powerful part about the Consecutive Maze Arrays is that they can be used repeatedly, so you have to completely destroy them. In the end, he won’t be able to use them again and again." Feng Ke’er said.

"Alright, let’s begin now!" Chen Xiang took out the Heavenly magic sword. The Heavenly magic sword was extremely sharp, and these array formations were formed by them. It was very easy to destroy them.

This kind of ease was only for Chen Xiang, because an array disc was originally very strong and strong, so a very strong array disc was very hard to break. However, Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword s were refined using the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, it was very powerful!

Chen Xiang picked up the Heavenly magic sword and fiercely hacked down onto the ground a few times, leaving many holes. Chen Xiang felt the space suddenly shake, and he successfully destroyed a maze.

"Alright!" Feng Ke’er said: "These array formations should have been prepared by the other party to trap the strong Tiangu beast, but if you want to use it to trap you, that would be difficult."

Chen Xiang continuously used his Heavenly magic sword s to slash at the ground, because there were array discs below. After a long while, he exhaled: "There are really too many of these array discs!"

"Yes, there are at least a hundred of them. In order to get rid of you, this guy has spent a lot of resources. It seems he’s a little afraid of you." Feng Ke’er laughed.

"I’ll be leaving very soon. When that happens, it’ll be his funeral." Chen Xiang snorted, and continued destroying the array.

For Chen Xiang, destroying the array was very easy, but for the others who were trapped inside, it would be hard to escape.

In just one day, Chen Xiang had successfully destroyed the entire chain of maze.

"This fellow is about to succeed!" Chen Xiang closed his eyes and saw that the Heaven Old Divine Race disciple had already made the dimensional wall of the Dan God Mysterious Land very thin and was about to break it.

"I won’t let you succeed!" Chen Xiang immediately teleported over.

The people of Heaven Old Divine Race did not expect Chen Xiang to be able to break through his powerful chain formation, as he understood the chain formation very well. He believed that Chen Xiang would definitely be trapped inside, and if he successfully entered the Dan God Mysterious Land, he might even be able to grab a few people from the array to threaten Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang released the Six Realms mirrors. The moment it appeared, it released an array to trap the Heaven Old Divine Race disciple.

"This is actually a chain maze ..." "Impossible, you cannot grasp the Consecutive Magic Array. This array has been completed by our array masters for hundreds of thousands of years, it won’t be so easily controlled by a single human." The Heaven Old Divine Race started shouting inside, he wanted to try to break this array, but he did not succeed.

Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors could replicate array formations. Previously, all of the array formations had been copied by the Six Realms mirrors, so when this Heaven Old Divine Race person entered, he felt that it was a chain formation.

"This is finally over. I must let this guy have a taste of my pain. He actually dares to mess around in my territory." Chen Xiang took out a large piece of powder, and knew that these were all Wangwo scent s.

The bodies and strength of the people of Heaven Old Divine Race were very strong, he did not know whether or not Wangwo scent of this level would be effective.

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]