Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Pure Text Online Read Local Domain Name Mobile Phone Synchronous Read Please Visit

After Chen Xiang placed the large amount of Wangwo scent into the Six Realms mirrors’s formation, the Wangwo scent immediately floated away. Because the space inside was sealed, this kind of Poisonous scent was extremely dense.

"What is this?" "So fragrant?" After the people of Heaven Old Divine Race smelled it, they immediately became energetic. Then, they unknowingly inhaled deeply, and after taking a few breaths, they could no longer stop.

"I wonder if it’s effective." Chen Xiang looked at the Heaven Old Divine Race man who was constantly sucking on the poison, and already showed signs of preliminary poisoning. He just did not know whether or not this poison would be suppressed in the future.

In order to make the other party even more poisoned, Chen Xiang could only continue refining the Wangwo scent. He also used the Time Domain, which could allow him to refine even faster.

A few days later, he threw a large number of Wangwo scent in, and saw that the Heaven Old Divine Race was lying on the ground, as though he was drunk.

"This should be enough to poison him." Chen Xiang knew very well how powerful Wangwo scent were. If they were unable to cure the poison, even the people of Heaven Old Divine Race would become obedient.

The He Clan had poisoned them with this poison before, but the He Clan’s poison didn’t give them such a comfortable feeling, and the He Clan’s poison was also refined by these Heaven Old Divine Race’s people.

"Wake up!" Chen Xiang had already sealed the Heaven Old Divine Race into a space inside the Six Realms mirrors.

"Little bastard, what did you do to me?" After the people of Heaven Old Divine Race woke up, who knew how much time had passed. He only remembered that he smelled a very fragrant and beautiful scent, and then fell asleep without him knowing.

"It’s nothing. I’m just letting you enjoy it." Chen Xiang chuckled: "You’ll know soon enough."

Chen Xiang laughed sinisterly, he had used this method to deal with the Heaven Old Divine Race to control him.

After half a day, the Heaven Old Divine Race people inside the Six Realms mirrors started to roll around in pain. Right now, he only had one thought, and that was to desperately suck the Poisonous scent.

As he wished, Chen Xiang placed a bit of Wangwo scent in, alleviating the pain of the Heaven Old Divine Race.

The Heaven Old Divine Race person had already taken off his mask, it was an old man. He looked to be in a very sorry state, looking haggard.

"Old fellow, you must have suffered." Chen Xiang laughed.

"You ... "You little bastard." He suddenly felt that this method was very familiar, and remembered that they had used some poison to control others. Previously, the other Great World Defying Stage Clan s had taken some poison from them to control some people.

It was just that Chen Xiang’s poison was even stronger, and when it flared up, it was so deadly that it made him want to die.

"I learned this from all of you." Chen Xiang laughed: "If you don’t want to try that pain again, you better cooperate with me, or else ... "Hehe, I won’t let you die like this. I will make you suffer until your lifespan runs out."

Heaven Old Divine Race was so angry that he wanted to scold her, but he did not dare scold her again. The bone-piercing pain he had felt just now had not subsided, and now he even had the thought of smelling the Wangwo scent. Originally, he had been very restrained, to not let himself think like that again.

"What’s your name?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Shi Songkang!"

Chen Xiang laughed, because he had already achieved the desired result, and this Heaven Old Divine Race was cooperating very well with him.

"How did you guys open up a path for the Tiangu beast to enter?" Chen Xiang asked again.

"We... We will use a spatial formation released by an array disc to connect with the Heaven Old Super Realm and let the Tiangu beast inside come out. " Shi Songkang said. He had already made his decision, he did not want to be tortured like this.

"The array disc should be in your hands, right?" Chen Xiang asked again.

Shi Songkang placed the array disc on his palm, Chen Xiang took it out and laughed: "That’s good, don’t worry, I will let you live a comfortable life here in the future."

Shi Songkang didn’t say anything more, but he felt extremely disgusted in his heart. He didn’t think that he would meet such an end.

Chen Xiang allowed Feng Ke’er to study the array disc, and then closed his eyes to see the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain. After finding it, he immediately teleported over.

The top of Myriad Tao Divine Mountain was bustling with noise and excitement. There were a lot of people gathered there.

When Chen Xiang arrived, he saw a person speaking loudly on a flat platform at the top of the mountain.

"Right now, everyone only needs to find the people from the Heavenly Dragon City and they’ll receive a generous reward." The old man said: "The fellows from Heavenly Dragon City are already hiding, so everyone should be careful. After meeting them, don’t expose your intention to capture them, but first get familiar with them, and then find an opportunity to make a move."

Chen Xiang suddenly asked loudly: "How many rewards are there?"

The old man was interrupted while he was talking, he was angry in his heart, but he still replied Chen Xiang: "One billion Dao crystal."

"Very few. The people from the Heavenly Dragon City are very strong. If I were to clash with them, it would be a narrow escape from death." Chen Xiang said again, no one here could recognize him.

Everyone felt that what he said was reasonable. A billion Dao crystal was not a small number of people, but if they were to go all out to exchange for them, it would be very rare.

"If you feel that you shouldn’t go too far, then someone else will naturally go." The old man glared at Chen Xiang: There are so many people in Heavenly Dragon City. As long as you capture one, you will be able to obtain one billion Dao crystal.

"Myriad Tao Divine Mountain is also like that, they don’t have much ability." Chen Xiang laughed, "You can’t even deal with a single Heavenly Dragon City, yet you still want to use such a small number of Dao crystal to fight to the death. How naive." DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"You must be here to cause trouble!" The old man instantly appeared in front of Chen Xiang.

"Do I look like a troublemaker?" Chen Xiang laughed: "I just don’t want everyone to die because of a few Dao crystal."

"I think you’re here to cause trouble." The elder roared in anger, and the angry look on his face caused everyone around him to retreat.

"Speaking up for everyone can be considered as causing trouble? It can be seen how much you wish for the people here to die, then you can shift the blame to the Heavenly Dragon City, causing everyone to hate him even more, originally, we did not have any enmity with him, but with you doing this, we can make him our enemy. " Chen Xiang shook his head: "And you, the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, popped out from who knows where. If you want to mess with our Natural Law World, you are a troublemaker yourself."

"What are you? You actually dare to spout nonsense here, it is not your place to speak Natural Law World. " The old man roared, he raised his hand and slapped towards Chen Xiang’s head.

After the palm struck Chen Xiang’s head, the power he released actually disappeared like a stone falling into the ocean. He did not shatter Chen Xiang’s head, but instead, his power disappeared in an instant.

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]