Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Pure Text Online Read Local Domain Name Mobile Phone Synchronous Read Please Visit

Chen Xiang looked at the old man’s astonished face and smiled slightly. Then, his palm shot out like lightning and struck the old man’s chest.

"You ... "Who are you!" The old man was shocked, he was a cultivator of the World Defying Stage’s Sacred Body, but he was actually injured severely by the other party in such a short period of time.

"You are not worthy of knowing who I am. Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, from today onwards, you will forever disappear from Natural Law World." When Chen Xiang said this, his expression became serious.

The huge Myriad Tao Divine Mountain started to shake, and everyone on the mountain started to fly away. Chen Xiang immediately locked onto some of the people from the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, and then released a large number of Mouse Man s to kill all the small fries. Weary? br/>

In just a short while, only Chen Xiang and the old man remained at the top of Myriad Tao Divine Mountain which was originally bustling with noise and excitement.

"You are Chen Xiang!" This elder looked at Chen Xiang with a face filled with shock. He felt that this kind of person was the only person who had such a huge grudge against Myriad Tao Divine Mountain.

"Don’t worry, your Myriad Tao Divine Mountain belongs to the World Defying Stage Clan. I will quickly eradicate him. Even the people who are my enemies will not have a good ending." After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he pushed forward with his palm, and a powerful force surged out, bringing with it a wave of World Defying god fire that howled out. The old man’s body was turned into pieces, and was burnt to ashes by the World Defying god fire.

The Myriad Tao Divine Mountain had already been destroyed by Chen Xiang!

After that, he went to find the World Defying Stage Heavenly Sect, and with just a few moves, he managed to destroy them. Now, he felt that the Natural Law World was in his control, if it was before, it would be impossible for him to destroy these two powers that easily.

Chen Xiang returned to the Dan God Mysterious Land, told Lv Qilian and the others about the situation outside, and assured them that he could cultivate here.

Currently, the people of Heaven Old Divine Race and the World Defying Stage Clan were both in the Divine Wasteland. The World Defying Stage Clan and the people of Heaven Old Divine Race had teamed up.

Heaven Old Orcs didn’t know why they were acting so low-key at this time, nor did he know what they were doing. In short, Chen Xiang felt that they were extremely dangerous.

Even the current Chen Xiang was extremely wary of the Heaven Old Orc Emperor. He did not have the confidence to defeat the Beastman Sovereign.

"I wonder how strong the strongest member of the Heaven Old Divine Race is." Chen Xiang had never asked Chen Cai before, even if he had, he did not know. But he could ask one person, and that would be Shi Songkang.

Shi Songkang had become very obedient now, answering almost every question he asked.

"Old fellow, in your Heaven Old Divine Race, who is the strongest?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I don’t know who’s the strongest, because there are a few who are very strong, and their strengths are all stronger than Heaven Old Orc Emperor." Shi Songkang said: "Your current strength is not bad, but it is not enough for you to go deal with them."

"Mm. It’s not enough to deal with them with my current strength, but it’s still possible to give them a headache." Chen Xiang laughed: "You should know where all the World Defying Stage Clan s live, right?"

"These guys are currently in a separate dimension. Before, they were separated, but after they pledged their allegiance to us, they were unified by us. This makes it easier for us to manage them." Shi Songkang said: "What are you going there for?"

"I just feel that you shouldn’t have put the Tiangu beast in the Natural Law World, but in their World Defying Stage Clan." Chen Xiang had already gotten his hands on the array disc, and could open a spatial tunnel from the Heaven Old Super Realm, allowing the Tiangu beast inside to come out.

After Shi Songkang heard these words, he did not know what to say.

"Quick, take me there." Initially, Chen Xiang had thought of letting Shi Songkang lead him in, but he was afraid that once Shi Songkang came out, he would contact the Heaven Old Divine Race and that would affect his plans, so he planned to sneak in by himself.

Shi Songkang led Chen Xiang to a shore where there was a city.

After Chen Xiang arrived at the city, he saw that there were a lot of people who belonged to the World Defying Stage Clan, and more and more of them came from the World Defying Stage Clan.

"Why did you Heaven Old Divine Race people come to this place?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Hmph, such a good world only has humans. It’s simply a waste. We came here to make this world better." Shi Songkang said.

"Bullshit!" Do I not know what you have done? " Chen Xiang sneered: "To make those fellows from the World Defying Stage Clan use poison to control them, and even want to destroy my Natural Law World, you all are definitely not good people."

Shi Songkang did not speak anymore. Humans were originally like ants in their eyes, because they, Heaven Old Divine Race, were able to use the powerful World Defying Stage Fierce Power, so no matter how strong humans were, as long as they could not use the World Defying Stage Fierce Power, they were no match for them, thus they had never put humans in their eyes.

"How much do you know about the Heaven Old Super Beast King?" Chen Xiang asked.

"What? You met him?" asked in shock. Previously, he had received help from his other companions, saying that he had met Heaven Old Super Beast King.

"Yes." Chen Xiang was not afraid to tell Shi Songkang, because Shi Songkang was already under his control.

"Where did he go?" Shi Songkang’s voice suddenly trembled.

"I brought him to the Divine Wasteland." Chen Xiang said: "What’s wrong?"

"This is troublesome!" "This guy is very scary. Once he evolves into a complete body, no one will be able to save him. You’re asking for trouble." Shi Songkang snorted, "Once Heaven Old Super Beast King gets to the Divine Wasteland, he will go search for the Myriad Tao’s Origin. Once he finds it, he will borrow the Myriad Tao’s Origin to evolve himself." VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"Is that so?" Chen Xiang frowned: "If he had successfully evolved, how strong would he be? Such a powerful being, wouldn’t he be sucked into the Myriad Tao? "

"Tiangu beast won’t be restricted by the Myriad Tao, and neither will we." Shi Songkang said: "Even if we have the power to surpass the limits of the Myriad Tao, we will still not be sent away, because we are not born from the Myriad Tao."

"So it’s like that!" Chen Xiang felt that the Heaven Old Super Beast King he met before was not bad.

"You don’t look worried at all! Tiangu beast is much more brutal than Heaven Old Orcs. " Shi Songkang sneered.

"I feel that all of you have to be even more brutal. Tiangu beast are just a bit more stupid, at least they aren’t as harmful as you guys." Chen Xiang laughed out loud: "How about you compare yourself to the Tiangu beast? Do you think it’s more harmful to humans or more to the Tiangu beast?"

"That’s just... It’s just that the Tiangu beast did not appear here. Shi Songkang quibbled.

"The fact that the Tiangu beast will appear here is also a good thing." Chen Xiang couldn’t help but laugh: "Of course, I’ll go and place the Tiangu beast in the World Defying Stage Clan right now. At that time, I’ll be able to carefully see how brutal the Tiangu beast is!"

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]