Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Pure Text Online Read Local Domain Name Mobile Phone Synchronous Read Please Visit

All the World Defying Stage Clan s were gathered in the same space at the moment. If Chen Xiang could really sneak in and release the Tiangu beast inside, it would definitely cause these World Defying Stage Clan s a huge amount of damage.

Chen Xiang not only planned to release the Tiangu beast from World Defying Stage Clan, he also wanted to go to the Heaven Old Divine Race’s space to release it.

He only wanted to see how many Tiangu beast there were right now. The people of Heaven Old Divine Race only opened the spatial tunnel for a very short time, if he opened it for a long time, then there might be even more Tiangu beast that appeared.

When Shi Songkang found out about Chen Xiang’s thoughts, he immediately thought that Chen Xiang would probably throw all these Tiangu beast into the Heaven Old Divine Race.

There were indeed a few very strong people in the Heaven Old Divine Race, but if Chen Xiang were to suddenly release a large amount of Tiangu beast, that would definitely cause a lot of death or injury to the people of the Heaven Old Divine Race.

"You won’t have a good ending if you anger our Heaven Old Divine Race. You better let me go, and then give me the antidote, this way you can live to the end of your life." Shi Songkang said.

"Dream on!" Chen Xiang was not that naive, he let it go just like that, he hated the people of Heaven Old Divine Race very much.

did not forget that they caused a lot of deaths in the Natural Law World!

"If you did not place the Tiangu beast in the Natural Law World, so many people would not have died." Chen Xiang said coldly: "I will make all of you Heaven Old Divine Race pay with your blood, don’t think that just because you are extremely noble you will look down on other humans! "Pfft, I’ll let you bastards die with the humans right now."

Chen Xiang strolled around the city by the sea. There were many people from the World Defying Stage Clan here, and as long as he kept his eyes on these people, he would be able to find a way to enter the World Defying Stage Clan.

At night, the city was no longer as lively as it was before. Chen Xiang released quite a few Mouse Man s and stared at the people of the World Defying Stage Clan closely. Once they left the city, they would follow them.

In the middle of the night, Chen Xiang finally discovered a group of people leaving the city. All of them were from the World Defying Stage Clan, and their strengths were quite strong.

At this moment, they had left the city obviously to return to the World Defying Stage Clan.

Chen Xiang immediately followed quietly and teleported all the Mouse Man back at the same time.

"All of them are young people who have just stepped into World Defying Stage." After Chen Xiang saw through their strength, he was not worried anymore. He could use Counter Power Invisibility to follow behind them without worry.

There were more than 20 people in this group. They were riding a flying disc, flying towards the depths of the sea.

"Is the entrance in the sea?" Chen Xiang followed him and not long after, he saw the flying discs diving into the ocean.

Myriad Tao Divine Mountain is also in Divine Wasteland!

After Chen Xiang followed him into the ocean, he quickly discovered a huge mountain that was emitting a faint white light underwater.

"This mountain looks very similar to the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain, but it is not the Myriad Tao Divine Mountain." Chen Xiang continued to follow closely, and those people were unable to discover him at all.

The flying disc flew into a cave at the bottom of the ocean and after flying in, the door automatically closed. Chen Xiang anxiously used teleportation to run in and turned into a small stone, landed on a man’s shoulder and stuck close to it.

"As long as those guys from the Mu Rong family make a space, they will be able to release the Tiangu beast. At that time, we will be able to hunt the Tiangu beast and acquire the Myriad Tao Divine Soil."

"When the time comes, we will have the divine tools refined by the Myriad Tao Divine Soil. Just thinking about it makes us excited."

"Didn’t they say that the Tiangu beast’s hunting grounds are located at that Natural Law World?"

"It was originally like this, but because of some problems over there, we are no longer able to contact the person inside ..." "It seems that things are not going well, that’s why the Mu Rong family built this space."

"These guys from the Mu Rong family do have some ability, but they are now the dogs of the He Clan. What a pity, the He Clan has obtained these people who can control the power of space."

"It’s fine, since we have already pledged our allegiance to the Heaven Old Divine Race, we don’t need to worry about being bullied by him."

These young people were discussing about the Tiangu beast s, allowing Chen Xiang to know a bit about the reaction of the Heaven Old Divine Race people.

They were no longer able to contact the Natural Law World, so they naturally knew that something had happened inside. There were definitely people thinking of ways to investigate the situation inside, but they were unable to enter the Natural Law World.

The group of youngsters entered a large formation, then activated it and were transported to another space.

This place was actually even larger than the Dan God Mysterious Land. He reckoned that this place was at least ten times larger than the Dan God Mysterious Land.

There are some places with very few people. It would be best if the Tiangu beast were to be released there. Chen Xiang released many Heaven devouring rat s to investigate the situation.

Feng Ke’er said: "This space is very stable, even if we release a large number of Tiangu beast, they will not be afraid, I just do not know if they will let this group of Tiangu beast run to the Divine Wasteland."

"Probably not, to them, Tiangu beast are resources, because Tiangu beast have Myriad Tao Divine Soil on them, if they let these Tiangu beast go to Divine Wasteland, maybe they will be taken away by Heaven Old Orcs, and Heaven Old Orcs is their enemy." Chen Xiang said: "From what they said just now, the space built by the Mu Rong family will take some time to complete."

"If I were to just leave the Tiangu beast here, they would be able to start hunting."

"Wouldn’t that be letting them off easy?" Feng Ke’er said.

"Don’t worry, anyway, even if they get a large number of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s, they won’t be able to pose much of a threat to me. Even if I don’t release the Tiangu beast here, they will have a way to hunt for it." Chen Xiang said.

The people of Heaven Old Divine Race already had a way to obtain the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, but Chen Xiang was unable to stop them, so he was worried that it would be useless. Furthermore, the speed at which he obtained the Myriad Tao Divine Soil was much faster than the people of Heaven Old Divine Race.

Chen Xiang arrived at a place with no one around and took out the formation plate that Shi Songkang had given him. After he activated the formation plate, a huge black vortex quickly appeared in the sky.

Very quickly, many huge Tiangu beast ran out from inside. The moment they came out, a black gale blew out, and as it blew out, the Tiangu beast was blown away by the wind and into different parts of the space.

Chen Xiang had opened this door for a very long time, which was much longer than when he had opened it previously. He did not know how many Tiangu beast had opened this door for now, but he knew that there would be a lot.

"Someone’s coming, I’ll get it somewhere else." Chen Xiang chuckled, then teleported to another relatively fewer people, turned on the array disc, and blew out a large gust of black wind.

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔