Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The reason Chen Xiang was following this Heaven Old Super Beast King was to see where the Myriad Tao Source was.

"Gorilla, I also let a Heaven Old Super Beast King out. The place he went might be the same as the place you went." Chen Xiang said: "If you meet him, will you fight?"

There couldn’t be two tigers on one mountain, Chen Xiang was very worried about such a thing.

"Don’t worry, we won’t have any conflicts, because we all have a common goal, our goal is to get rid of the Heaven Old Divine Race." The gorilla said, "Heaven Old Divine Race is a very evil being."

"Why do you say that? Aren’t they humans? " Chen Xiang said: "They are indeed a little overbearing, but I do not think that they are evil."

"We were originally humans, but they turned us into this." The gorilla angrily retorted, "Only a few people still maintain their original souls ... Just like me! "

"There’s actually such a thing." Chen Xiang was very surprised.

"The people of Heaven Old Divine Race obtained a few Evil beast dead spirits from somewhere and these dead spirits entered our bodies. After absorbing the energy within our bodies, they nurtured a very large beast body. The huge Tiangu beast s that you saw previously are all in this situation, these people are already dead, their souls have already been devoured." The gorilla said, "As for some of us, because we have enough power to fight against the souls of the Evil beast, we can still preserve our memories."

The birth of the Tiangu beast was actually so tortuous!

Now, Chen Xiang understood why Shi Songkang was so afraid that the Heaven Old Super Beast King would find the Myriad Tao’s Origin.

"This is because in our homeland, there are many Myriad Tao Divine Soil s. After they transform us into Tiangu beast, as long as we are separated for a period of time, our bodies will be covered with a small number of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s. At that time, they only need to release us and kill us. The gorilla was very excited at this moment. This was something that made them very angry.

"These fellows are too despicable ..." I am so sorry, I killed a lot of Tiangu beast and even extracted the Myriad Tao Divine Soil from them. " Chen Xiang said.

"It doesn’t matter. After all, they are already dead. If we kill them, it might be able to release them." The gorilla said: "If you want to go to Myriad Tao Divine Soil, I can bring you there to look for it. But before that, I need to go to Myriad Tao’s Origin."

"What does the source of the Myriad Tao have to do with you? Why are there so many Myriad Tao Divine Soil s in your hometown? " Chen Xiang asked, he was also extremely happy in his heart, the Heaven Old Super Beast King was bringing him to enter Heaven Old Super Realm to search for the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, this way he would not have to go through so much effort to refine it.

The gorilla did not reply, obviously because he did not want to tell Chen Xiang these things.

The location of the Myriad Tao’s Source was uncertain, it would move, and it would move rather frequently.

Gorilla need to keep turning as they run.

"It’s so hard to find!" Chen Xiang had already waited for a few days, but he still had not arrived. Furthermore, the gorilla’s speed was extremely fast, and sometimes it could even fly, but most of the time, it was just wildly running on the ground, because he said that it was easier to sense the Myriad Tao’s origin on the ground.

... ....

On the side of the Heaven Old Divine Race, they had already sent two people to look for the Heaven Old Super Beast King.

"There are still remnants of the Evil beast’s soul inside the Heaven Old Super Beast King. We can still feel the aura of his participation when we use the divine tools specially crafted by him." A Heaven Old Divine Race person was holding onto a disk. Two red dots of light appeared on the surface of the disc that was as smooth as a mirror. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"What’s going on? Why are there two targets? " A Heaven Old Divine Race man at the side said in shock.

"Don’t tell me there are two Heaven Old Super Beast King s?"

They should be searching for the Myriad Tao’s Origin. If they were to find it, we would be in even more trouble. "" Alright!

If there was only one Heaven Old Super Beast King, they might not be so nervous, but there were two of them!

"What do we do now?"

"Go back and ask them to send another group of people to search."

The two Heaven Old Divine Race people immediately ran back.

... ....

"Gorilla, is the Myriad Tao’s Source underground? If you can find the source of Myriad Tao, would you be able to meet that previous Heaven Old Super Beast King? " Chen Xiang asked.

"I’m not sure if it’s underground! If I find him, I might not run into my comrades, because there are one hundred and eight Myriad Tao s. " The gorilla said, "If we find it, we will eat that Myriad Tao Source!"

"There are actually so many!" Chen Xiang did not expect this.

The source of the Myriad Tao must be connected to this tribe, otherwise there wouldn’t be so many Myriad Tao Divine Soil in that Heaven Old Super Realm.

"Yes, if we want to recover to our original state, we can only recover by eating the Myriad Tao’s Origin." The gorilla said, "When I recover, can you open that passage? When the time comes, I will follow you to the Heaven Old Super Realm. I can find a large number of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s there for you. "

"Of course not!" Chen Xiang would definitely cooperate with the gorilla for the sake of the Myriad Tao Divine Soil.

After running for a few days, the gorilla suddenly became very excited and shouted, "It’s nearby!"

At this moment, the gorilla was rushing towards a huge mountain!

He came to the foot of the mountain and punched at it. After the mountain was shattered, a green light burst out from within the mountain, and a green ball the size of two people flew out in one direction.

The gorilla immediately flew over and hugged the green ball of light, and fiercely bit at the Myriad Tao source with his mouth wide open. After a few bites, it shattered, and a ball of green light flew out, being swallowed by the gorilla.

"This guy’s methods are really simple and crude!" Chen Xiang had witnessed the entire process from high up in the sky, which could be considered an eye-opener. He thought that the Myriad Tao’s origin would be extremely huge, but he never expected it to be this small.

"Xiao Ke’er, can you feel any kind of special power from the Myriad Tao’s Origin?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I can’t feel it at all. Perhaps this kind of thing only has a special effect on races like theirs." Feng Ke’er said.

At this moment, the gorilla’s massive body had already been enveloped by the green light and was slowly falling to the ground like a silkworm chrysalis.

"When can I do that?!" Chen Xiang ran over and shouted.

But there was no sound from inside. The gorilla seemed to be asleep.

"If the people of the Heaven Old Divine Race find this place, then we will be in trouble." Chen Xiang was a little anxious, he took out the Six Realms mirrors and tried it out, but he could not put it into the space.

However, he succeeded in bringing the huge green pupa onto the Six Realms mirrors. At this moment, he was flying high in the sky while carrying it.