Chen Xiang flew at a very high altitude and used the Counter Power to hide himself.

"I wonder when this guy will wake up." Chen Xiang patted the green cocoon. He had originally planned to return to the Dan God Mysterious Land, but he was worried that he would lure the Heaven Old Divine Race’s people to that place ...

He had already found the approximate strength of the Heaven Old Divine Race from Shi Songkang, and was still very strong. If the existence of the Dan God Mysterious Land were to be discovered by them, and then they could think of a way to break through them, that would not be good.

In order to prevent this kind of thing from happening, Chen Xiang did not plan to go to the Dan God Mysterious Land.

Deep into the night, Chen Xiang made the flying discs float in the sky, and stopped above. He was not flying right now, and he needed to rest.

"Weird, why would there be movement at night?" Chen Xiang carefully looked at the Green giant worm’s breathing, and then looked around, but didn’t find anything wrong.

Just as he was puzzled, he realized that a light green mist was seeping out of the Green giant worm’s surface.

What was inconceivable to him was that after the green mist appeared, he could feel a trace of World Defying Stage Fierce Power!

"Could these be the World Defying Stage Fierce Power?" Chen Xiang anxiously absorbed a little of it, which made him even more surprised, because after absorbing the green mist, he realised that the World Defying Stage Fierce Power was extremely dense.

"These World Defying Stage Fierce Power are drifting out, that means they came from within. If I do not absorb them, it will be a waste." Chen Xiang immediately channeled his Devouring magic kungfu, and quickly absorbed the green mist on the surface of the Green giant worm. This green mist contained a large amount of World Defying Stage Fierce Power. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"It’s much faster than when I absorbed it through my meridians."

When opened his eyes, he could no longer feel the World Defying Stage Fierce Power entering his body. When he opened his eyes, he saw that the Green giant worm had stopped moving and was no longer releasing that green mist.

"It stopped! Does it only appear at night? " Chen Xiang secretly guessed.

It was daytime, but no green mist leaked out, causing Chen Xiang to be disappointed, but absorbing the mist overnight also increased his cultivation by a lot!

"The Myriad Tao’s Origin is green, and the mist that leaked out is also green. If there is a connection, if you were to obtain the source of a Myriad Tao, wouldn’t that be able to increase your World Defying Stage Fierce Power by leaps and bounds? " Feng Ke’er said.

"That’s not bad, but how do I find the source of Myriad Tao?" Chen Xiang didn’t have the Heaven Old Super Beast King’s ability to sense the source of the Myriad Tao. He didn’t know where he had to go to find the source of the Myriad Tao.

Feng Ke’er said: "You just need to ask him and he will know. When he wakes up, he will definitely know how to find him and you helped him out to find the source of the Myriad Tao. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have been able to become strong so quickly."

Chen Xiang nodded, he had already decided to ask this Heaven Old Super Beast King to help him search for the Myriad Tao’s origin after he woke up.

It was day, and Chen Xiang continued to let the Six Realms mirrors hover high up in the sky. It was because they did not meet anyone at night, so he felt that they could rest assured here.

At this moment, Chen Xiang was really looking forward to the descent of night. This way, he would be sure that the Green giant worm could only release that green mist at night.

Evening had arrived. Chen Xiang looked at the sky and patiently waited. Soon, it would be night!

He thought that he could wait until night in peace, but he never thought that he would suddenly feel an aura coming from far away. This aura was even sensed by the Heaven devouring rat that he had released to search for him from all directions, even though it was only an extremely weak aura, but he was able to discern from this aura that this was the aura of a person from the Heaven Old Divine Race, and it was extremely strong at that.

"There are only two auras, they should be two Heaven Old Divine Race Cultivators coming here, they are obviously here for us." Chen Xiang could tell from looking at the Green giant worm.

He was worried that the other party would stop in the space tunnel. If he stopped in the middle of the tunnel, it would usually shoot out a strong spatial energy wave, and if he did not deal with it well, he would be torn into pieces along with the space tunnel.

If Chen Xiang had no other choice but to bring this kind of Green giant worm with him, he did not want to take any risks. At that time, it would be bad if he harmed the gorilla inside the Green giant worm.

"How the hell did these guys get here?" I was very cautious, but I was still traced. " Chen Xiang urged his Six Realms mirrors to fly quickly, wanting to get the help of the two Heaven Old Divine Race people behind him.

Furthermore, they seemed to be able to control Chen Xiang’s movements at any time. Even if Chen Xiang was able to shake them off, it was only for a short period of time, and they would always be able to catch up to him very quickly. It was simply impossible to shake him off.

"We have to get rid of them." Feng Ke’er said: "Is there a way?"

"Not yet!" Chen Xiang said: "If it really isn’t possible, then I can only release that guy from the Six Realms mirrors s. That guy should be almost crazy by now, when the time comes he’ll definitely listen to me."

Chen Xiang brought his Green giant worm with him, so it was inconvenient for him to rush up to fight. He couldn’t place his Green giant worm inside the You Yao Mountain Villa or other Storage magic treasure, and it would be too dangerous if he placed them outside by himself.

"Who’s in front!?" One of the Heaven Old Divine Race people saw that there was a Green giant worm above Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors, and was extremely shocked. At the same time, he was glad, because they still had time, because if the Heaven Old Super Beast King inside came out, they would be in big trouble.

"I am your ancestor. You unfilial descendants, why aren’t you kneeling down and chasing after your ancestor?" Chen Xiang immediately responded: "Stand still, don’t chase after me anymore."

Of course, Chen Xiang’s words were just spouting nonsense, even if the other party did not know him, he did not want them to know that he was involved in this matter.

"You’re courting death!" The people of Heaven Old Divine Race also had their own ancestors, and now that someone was pretending to be their ancestors, it was equivalent to insulting their own ancestors, causing them to be extremely angry.

However, they were still very vigilant, because people who could carry Green giant worm s and fly everywhere were definitely not weak. They guessed that this person might be the person who opened the spatial tunnel array disc!