Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing that the other party was still not giving up, Chen Xiang gritted his teeth and released a person from the Six Realms mirrors!

This person was also from Heaven Old Divine Race, and was precisely the Shi Songkang who was poisoned by the Wangwo scent that he used previously. After Shi Songkang came out, she immediately told him that as long as he killed those two, he would be given a large number of Wangwo scent.

Of course, in order to allow Shi Songkang to focus on fighting, he gave Shi Songkang a sniff of the Wangwo scent, and that was just to let him feel comfortable for a short period of time.

Chen Xiang purposely starved for a while because he wanted Shi Songkang to experience his power. Shi Songkang only needed a short period of time to be tortured to death by the Wangwo poison, and now that he came out, he became very obedient. Even though he was of the same kind, his face was still filled with killing intent. Because only by killing these two people would he be able to obtain the Wangwo scent that would let him feel comfortable.

When Chen Xiang saw the killing intent on Shi Songkang’s face, his heart skipped a beat, because his method already had an effect, and the result was very good. Shi Songkang had already started to be of the elementary level, fighting against the two Heaven Old Divine Race people.

Chen Xiang did not run, because he wanted to find an opportunity to launch a sneak attack!

"Shi Songkang, are you crazy?! It’s us!"

"What the hell is going on?"

"Hurry up and tell us, you have violated the clan rules, and will make your life worse than death!"

The words "better than death" stung Shi Songkang, because he was feeling worse than death right now. Chen Xiang’s Wangwo scent tormented him until he felt worse than death, causing him to be even more furious.

"I am already suffering a fate worse than death, yet you still want us to suffer a fate worse than death. The reason for my death is all because of you bastards, I want to kill you all, I want to destroy the entire Heaven Old Divine Race." Shi Songkang was currently filled with killing intent, his face was filled with rage, his expression was sinister, his hands continued to wave, releasing balls of mountain-like golden light balls, frantically attacking the two Heaven Old Divine Race people.

Chen Xiang watched the battle from afar. He never thought that Shi Songkang would actually be so strong, to actually be able to handle the two Heaven Old Divine Race people by himself.

"Fortunately, I can use the Wangwo scent to control this guy. Otherwise, I wouldn’t know how the Natural Law World would act so recklessly." Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief.

Shi Songkang’s current strength was much stronger than before, which Chen Xiang did not know, because Chen Xiang did not know of Shi Songkang’s true strength, but the two Heaven Old Divine Race who were fighting with Shi Songkang were able to do it. Shi Songkang’s sudden increase in strength by so much made them extremely shocked and jealous.

But, Shi Songkang had suddenly become so much stronger, which made them feel that it was unbelievable.

"Shi Songkang, how did you suddenly become so strong, with such a secret technique that increases your strength so quickly, you did not report it to the clan, and now you still dare to go against us, you are truly bold." A Heaven Old Divine Race man said angrily.

Only now did he know that Shi Songkang had become much stronger. He immediately thought that this must be related to the large number of Wangwo poison, and the people inside the Forget-me Divine Race previously used Wangwo poison to quickly increase his own strength.

But now, after Shi Songkang had been used by him in such a large number of Wangwo scent, he had improved so much.

"Wangwo scent can indeed stimulate more potential, and Shi Songkang himself already has many potential that he has not developed yet. But now, after being used by me, in order to alleviate the pain, he has to enjoy that wonderful feeling, so he has to desperately defeat these two people, and then, he will be able to unleash his potential." RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Chen Xiang speculated that the Wangwo scent was indeed a type of extremely miraculous poison that could actually strengthen one’s body quickly.

Of course, he would not try.

Shi Songkang was doing his best to fight right now, all of these Heaven Old Divine Race people could use the extremely powerful World Defying Stage Fierce Power, and it was just that not long after the battle started, it was as though the world was being destroyed. The mountain range that was initially in good condition, had been turned upside down, and many huge mountains had been flattened.

"This won’t do. We are simply no match for this madman. He looks like he’s gone mad and has already lost his rationality. He is willing to ignore everything for the sake of victory. He doesn’t even care about his own life. We can’t even beat him." A Heaven Old Divine Race man said.

That was why they were unable to defeat Shi Songkang. Under the effects of the Wangwo scent, Shi Songkang had already improved a lot, and now that he had become such a madman, everyone felt afraid.

"Let’s go back to report now and let the clan elders settle this issue. They will definitely be very interested in such a thing, because Shi Songkang’s strength has suddenly increased by so much, this is something that we have been pursuing the entire time."

"Yes, let’s go!"

Seeing that they were about to leave, Chen Xiang obviously could not let them go!

He was chased by these two Heaven Old Divine Race Cultivators before, so he didn’t give them a very strong feeling, otherwise they wouldn’t have run for their lives.

Chen Xiang had always been prepared, waiting for the right opportunity to attack. Now that he saw the two trying to escape, how could he let them go?

He immediately threw out the black whip, which flew out and tied the two of them up.

The black whips could not bind the people of Heaven Old Divine Race because they would turn into light and escape.

However, it was enough to make them pause for a while. Just as they stopped, Shi Songkang also had a chance to attack. Using his fastest speed, he rushed over and struck a Heaven Old Divine Race disciple in the chest with his palm.

The palm force formed by the World Defying Stage Fierce Power struck the Heaven Old Divine Race disciple like a monstrous wave, sending him flying through the air as he vomited blood. Chen Xiang immediately teleported over and stabbed the Heavenly magic sword in the back, killing the Heaven Old Divine Race disciple and throwing him into the Tianchuang furnace s.

After killing the spirit beast, he quickly returned to the Six Realms mirrors. At this time, Shi Songkang slammed the other Heaven Old Divine Race disciple to the ground and then fiercely punched out, turning the Heaven Old Divine Race disciple into a meat patty.

Chen Xiang quickly stored the body inside the Tianchuang furnace, because there was a World Defying mad source bead inside the corpse, it was a good thing.

"Well done, come in." Only after Chen Xiang entered the Six Realms mirrors did he heave a sigh of relief. He was still worried that Shi Songkang would not be controlled, but he didn’t expect that it would actually be so bad.

After Shi Songkang entered a space inside the Six Realms mirrors, Chen Xiang immediately released a large number of Wangwo scent s, allowing Shi Songkang to absorb them!

He had also obtained two World Defying mad source bead s, which made Chen Xiang extremely happy, as he had only been invited to deliver them to his doorstep.

"These guys really know how to court death." Chen Xiang chuckled and looked at the Green giant worm above the Six Realms mirrors. At this time, the green fog started to leak out again, he immediately controlled the Six Realms mirrors to hide, and then absorbed the green fog.

"I have to be careful now." Chen Xiang was sure that the people of Heaven Old Divine Race had a way to find the Heaven Old Super Beast King.

...