Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang, who was absorbing the green mist, wondered if the Primordial God King he met before was like this gorilla, becoming like this after devouring the Myriad Tao’s origin. If he was found by the people from the Heaven Old Divine Race, he would be in great danger.

"No, I have to go find that guy. Heaven Old Divine Race must have a way to find him." Chen Xiang rummaged through the Tianchuang furnace s. Its corpse had already been burnt to ashes but there were still a lot of things.

He quickly found a disk. There were three dots of light on it, one white and the other two green. He noticed that the white and green dots were overlapping.

After he left the Six Realms mirrors with the plate, he realized that the white light was moving!

"The white light spot is me, and the green light spot is Heaven Old Super Beast King. Just now, they overlapped each other because I was with Heaven Old Super Beast King, and the other green light spot should be the one I released. He hasn’t moved, could it be that he has already become a Green giant worm?" Chen Xiang immediately controlled the Six Realms mirrors and flew in that direction.

Right now, he couldn’t care about absorbing the green mist coming from the Green giant worm. He wanted to save the other Heaven Old Super Beast King immediately, otherwise he would be killed by him.

Several hours later, Chen Xiang arrived at the surface of a huge lake.

"Below, this guy really knows how to hide. It’s just that he was discovered by the tools refined by the Heaven Old Divine Race." Chen Xiang immediately dived into the lake and quickly saw the huge cocoon that was releasing the green mist.

"Fortunately, the Heaven Old Divine Race did not find him first."

Just like this, another giant pupa appeared on top of Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors, which would release green mist at night.

He stayed far away from the lake, suspended in the air, and then absorbed the green mist released by the two Green giant worm.

"It feels good to be able to absorb so much in one go." In one night, Chen Xiang increased his World Defying Stage Fierce Power by even more.

"This guy has really wasted a lot of time." Feng Ke’er said: "That lake has been changed by the World Defying Stage Fierce Power that he released, especially the water beasts in the lake."

"Fortunately, I was able to get here in time and was not found by the Heaven Old Divine Race." Chen Xiang laughed, "This guy should be the first one to wake up. It’s just that I don’t know how long it will take."

"Oh yeah, you can use the Time Domain to help them move faster." Feng Ke’er said: "Why didn’t you think of that before?"

"This... "Because I can’t use the power of space with them, I feel that I can’t use the power of time either, so I don’t have that kind of thought anymore. Now that you put it this way, we can try it when the time comes." Chen Xiang patted his head and said.

"They are currently inside the Green giant worm, they must be digesting the Myriad Tao’s energy. This will take a long time, you can’t continue waiting like this, who knows how many more people Heaven Old Divine Race will send to chase after them." Feng Ke’er said: "When the time comes for you to deal with them, it will only become more and more difficult, they have already lost two Heaven Old Divine Race people, this kind of thing is enough to garner the greatest attention in the Heaven Old Divine Race."

"I know! I’ll try and see if I can use the power of time to help them increase their speed. "

This kind of Green giant worm actually did not reject the power of time, and previously, he was unable to use the power of space on the Green giant worm.

"Let’s do it together, dual Time Domain." Chen Xiang’s dual Time Domain could be used to increase the speed by many times. Outside for one day, the Time Domain would be in for thirty months.

Although he wanted to absorb the green mist that contained the World Defying Stage Fierce Power, he did not have the chance to do so right now. The Heaven Old Divine Race was on his way, and he had to wake up a Heaven Old Super Beast King to save his life.

"So fast!" After sensing the two auras, Chen Xiang immediately controlled the Six Realms mirrors to fly.

He did not plan to let Shi Songkang go out and fight, because he was worried that Shi Songkang would be injured, the two Heaven Old Divine Race people looked to be powerful, if there was another wave of them during the battle, even Shi Songkang would not be able to handle them, and he would have lost the general, and Shi Songkang was still rather useful to him now.

Chen Xiang, who was constantly controlling the Six Realms mirrors to fly at high speeds, also unceasingly released double Time Domain to speed up the time. This way, he would be able to gain a lot of time while he hid.

After a few days, he suddenly saw one of the Green giant worm starting to tremble.

"Are they coming out?" Chen Xiang immediately retracted the power of time from the Green giant worm.

When the Green giant worm trembled, its surface suddenly cracked open, and a white light shone out from within.

With a "hua la" sound, an item ran out from inside, as if something had suddenly popped out of water. Chen Xiang looked up at the sky and saw a pure white young man wearing a set of green clothes.

"Thank you, brother." The young lad smiled lightly at Chen Xiang, then rushed towards the two Heaven Old Divine Race men who were chasing after him.

"It’s the Heaven Old Super Beast King. He has successfully refined the Myriad Tao’s Origin. Let’s go!" Heaven Old Super Beast King was still unable to confirm it just now, but after Heaven Old Super Beast King arrived, they could then confirm it. However, it was already too late.

"No need to leave, because you won’t be able to." The green clothed man sneered, he waved his sleeves and released a green light, the green light formed a huge net, surrounding the two Heaven Old Divine Race people.

When Chen Xiang saw that the two Heaven Old Divine Race Cultivators were trapped in the net, they immediately turned into white light. He wanted to use this method to escape, but he did not succeed, which caused Chen Xiang to be extremely surprised.

"What is it?" If my Black Edge was also able to do this, I would be able to deal with the people of Heaven Old Divine Race. " Chen Xiang looked at the green clothed man, planning to ask him about it later.

After the green clothed man caught the two Heaven Old Divine Race people, he dragged them over, because a hand was like lightning as he stabbed into the hearts of the two people and pulled out the World Defying mad source bead s from their hearts.

"This is for you." With a flash, the green robed man arrived beside Chen Xiang and passed the two World Defying mad source bead s that were trembling to him.

The World Defying mad source bead was very irritable, but the green clothed man could easily catch it, which made Chen Xiang impressed.

"You’re so strong." Chen Xiang exclaimed: "Is this how you were originally supposed to look like?"

"Yes, we are humans to begin with!" The green clothed man looked at the other Green giant worm and said: "Did he tell you a lot of things about us?"

"Not too much, just a general idea." Chen Xiang threw the two World Defying mad source bead s inside.

"That’s good!" The green clothed man nodded his head, then touched the Green giant worm and laughed: "He is a little weaker than me, but that is not bad too. To be able to meet with his own kind back then, is a very happy thing." DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

...