Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

When Chen Xiang met such a powerful fellow, he could be considered relieved. At least, he wouldn’t need to worry about being chased by the Heaven Old Divine Race anymore.

"Little brother, how should I address you?" Last time, Chen Xiang brought him here from Natural Law World, if not he would not know when he would be able to find the source of the Myriad Tao.

"Chen Xiang, what about you, big brother?" Chen Xiang said.

"Song Yichen... "Oh right, how did you meet him?" Song Yichen patted the Green giant worm, he did not expect Chen Xiang to meet another Heaven Old Super Beast King after him.

& Chen Xiang was pleasantly surprised when he told Song Yichen about opening the Heaven Old Super Realm passage.

"Brother Song, you seem to be very happy." Chen Xiang asked.

"Mn, because this way I can return to the Heaven Old Super Realm." Song Yichen laughed: "That is my homeland. Although it is filled with miasma now, it is still my home. I need to go back and clean it up."

Chen Xiang looked at the Green giant worm at his side. The gorilla seemed to not want to go back, but Song Yichen wanted to go back.

"He doesn’t seem to want to go back. Is there something very scary in there?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It’s not very scary... The reason why we could become Tiangu beast s, was because the Heaven Old Divine Race was obstructing us from doing so. We have already been in beast form for many years and are extremely afraid of it, so we do not wish to return to that place. " Song Yichen sighed: "But by causing us to become like this, we can’t let Heaven Old Divine Race go. Before, when he didn’t want to go back, he felt that he would be very helpless in the face of all this by himself.

"If that’s the case, then that’s great, the one who made the Heaven Old Super Realm so smelly should be the Heaven Old Divine Race." Chen Xiang said: "Is the Heaven Old Divine Race very powerful in the Heaven Old Super Realm?"

"Yes, they are the most powerful ones in Heaven Old Super Realm. If they were to turn other races into beasts and not beasts, this world of Myriad Tao would probably become like that in the future." When Song Yichen recalled the evil deeds that the Heaven Old Divine Race had done, he became incomparably furious.

"I can’t let them succeed here." Chen Xiang knew from the beginning that the Heaven Old Divine Race was not a good place.

Song Yichen nodded: "I will help you. Heaven Old Divine Race and the others very much need Myriad Tao Divine Soil ... The reason they used such a method on us in the Heaven Old Super Realm was also to obtain the Myriad Tao Divine Soil! "

Otherwise, they wouldn’t need to open up a path for the Tiangu beast to enter this place for them to hunt. I have already been clueless about the matters of the Heaven Old Super Realm for many years, and don’t know about the situation in the Heaven Old Super Realm.

Chen Xiang thought about it, and felt that it was possible.

"Brother Song, I heard that there are a lot of sources of Myriad Tao here, can you bring me to find one? I feel that if I devour one, I would become even stronger." said. Previously, he was absorbing the green miasma on the Green giant worm’s surface to cultivate his World Defying Stage Fierce Power.

"This is not a problem. I’ve said that I would repay you, so I’ll bring you to find him now. This is not a difficult matter." Song Yichen laughed and then, he began to direct the way for Chen Xiang to control the Six Realms mirrors and allow it to fly.

During the flight, Chen Xiang asked Song Yichen about matters related to the Heaven Old Super Realm.

"Is the Heaven Old Super Realm in a world above the Myriad Tao?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It can be said that it is, but it can also be said that it is not. The existence of the Heaven Old Super Realm is extremely special ... This is because the Heaven Old Super Realm needs to absorb the energy from the Myriad Tao world and at the same time, absorb the World Defying Stage Fierce Power above the Myriad Tao s to maintain it. It is between the two of them. Song Yichen looked forward, then looked at the Green giant worm.

"The Myriad Tao’s origin ability can make us stronger, and when we become stronger, we will undergo a transformation, allowing us to get rid of this evil power that can turn us into Evil beast."

The Heaven Old Super Realm and the Myriad Tao world were inextricably linked!

"Heaven Old Super Realm has always been in a mess, there are many powerful humans or beasts in there, most of these fellows came from above Myriad Tao."

After Chen Xiang heard it, his eyes brightened and he asked: "You can go to the Heaven Old Super Realm from above the Myriad Tao?"

Song Yichen nodded his head: "Yes, it isn’t very difficult, but going from Heaven Old Super Realm to Myriad Tao is extremely difficult. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Chen Xiang felt that when he ascended to Myriad Tao in the future, if he wanted to return, he could use Heaven Old Super Realm to return to Divine Wasteland.

Under Song Yichen’s guidance, Chen Xiang arrived at the middle of a lake.

"It’s right below us. This Myriad Tao Source has already sensed me and is preparing to escape. When the time comes, I’ll be able to catch it." Song Yichen looked down and then let out a roar towards the enormous lake.

The powerful sound wave penetrated to the bottom of the lake, causing the lake to immediately churn. Not long after, a green blob of light rushed out.

"It appeared!" Chen Xiang shouted in shock.

Song Yichen immediately flew out. It was unknown what method he used to actually cause the Myriad Tao’s origin, which was currently fleeing, to hover in the air.

"Put this thing away!" Song Yichen shouted to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang took out the Tianchuang furnace and stored the Myriad Tao’s Origin inside.

There were still a lot of World Defying mad source bead inside the Tianchuang furnace. At this time, Myriad Tao Source had also entered the Tianchuang furnace, and actually did not interfere with the other World Defying mad source bead!

"This is also good." Chen Xiang was still worried that they would reject each other and destroy the Myriad Tao’s Spring in the end, but such a thing did not happen.

"Thank you, Brother Song." Chen Xiang said while grinning: "Previously, when I absorbed the green mist released by the Green giant worm, I could feel that the World Defying Stage Fierce Power was increasing in strength, so I feel that this Myriad Tao Source is extremely helpful to me."

Song Yichen laughed: No need to be polite, I will repay you for this! The Myriad Tao’s Origin is a form of the World Defying Stage Fierce Power, it is much more powerful than World Defying mad source bead. "

"If that’s the case, that’s great." Chen Xiang did not plan to absorb the energy now, because he did not know what actions the people of Heaven Old Divine Race would take. The people of Heaven Old Divine Race had lost a lot of people, and they already knew that two of the Heaven Old Divine Race’s people had come to the Divine Wasteland.

...