Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang told his concern to Song Yichen, and when Song Yichen heard it, he frowned and thought deeply.

Chen Xiang saw that he was thinking seriously, so he did not disturb him and waited by the side.

An hour later, Song Yichen said, "Rather than waiting for them to come find me, I might as well come knocking on their door. It’s just that I don’t know where these fellows are hiding right now."

Chen Xiang looked at the Green giant worm, then took out a disc, and said: "Big Brother Song, using this disc will allow you to find the sleeping Heaven Old Super Beast King. Right now, you have already broken out of the chrysalis, so it is already impossible to investigate."

"I have a way to go to the Heaven Old Divine Race, but if I bring him there, I will definitely find out. If I don’t bring him there, I’m not worried."

Only Chen Xiang could sneak into the space of the Heaven Old Divine Race, if he was allowed to, it would be hard for him to enter.

After Song Yichen received it and fiddled with it for a while, he smiled slightly and said, "I got it!" As he spoke, he released a light purple mist, shrouding the Green giant worm above the Six Realms mirrors.

After the Green giant worm was enveloped by the purple qi mist, the green light dot on the plate disappeared. When Chen Xiang saw it, he couldn’t help but exclaim in admiration.

"What the hell is going on?" Chen Xiang was extremely curious about this.

"This thing can sense a trace of the Evil beast’s aura. Back then, the people of Heaven Old Divine Race used this power on us, so they were very familiar with this power, and they were able to create this thing to sense us. The Evil beast’s aura is the most special, so it’s very easy to feel it."

"Now that I’ve used another type of energy to conceal this aura, they won’t be able to sense it!"

Once this matter was resolved, Chen Xiang could be at ease and went to where the Heaven Old Divine Race was.

"Shi Songkang, where are the people of Heaven Old Divine Race?" Chen Xiang asked: "Quickly bring me there."

After that, Shi Songkang gave Chen Xiang a location.

Chen Xiang already knew that the people of Heaven Old Divine Race were inside the Myriad Tao Forest, that that place had already been modified to become extremely beautiful, it was their garden, but they would not live there, they would create their own space and hide inside it, this way they could avoid being discovered, and entering and leaving also became very easy to manage.

After arriving at the Myriad Tao Forest, Chen Xiang said to Song Yichen: "They are right here, so how are we supposed to sneak in quietly?"

Chen Xiang was currently carrying a Green giant worm with him, so it would not be convenient for him to sneak in.

"Then we’ll wait for him to wake up. When he wakes up, we can also gain a bit more strength." Song Yichen said: "You used that power of time, to allow him to buy more time, so we won’t have to wait too long."

"Alright!" If they allowed another Heaven Old Super Beast King to awaken, then when they entered the Heaven Old Divine Race’s territory, even if they faced an expert, it wouldn’t be too strenuous.

At this time, Chen Xiang concentrated and used the power of space on this Green giant worm, allowing it to break open even faster!

... ....

"What’s going on? Could it be that both Heaven Old Super Beast King s merged with the Myriad Tao Source? That’s impossible, they just came out not too long ago, so it would at least take one to two years for them to fuse with the Myriad Tao Source. An old man from Heaven Old Divine Race said. The other old men had serious expressions on their faces.

They were all extremely afraid of Heaven Old Super Beast King who had merged with their Myriad Tao’s origin, because they knew very clearly how they treated this clan back then. If they had become strong, without even thinking, they would have known that they would definitely go all out to take revenge on them.

It would have been fine if they weren’t strong, but they knew that if these Heaven Old Super Beast King fused with the source of the Myriad Tao, they would be even more terrifying than they were in the past.

"We were too careless. We shouldn’t have made that array disc in the first place, otherwise, these Heaven Old Super Beast King wouldn’t have come to the Myriad Tao and wouldn’t have found the source of the Myriad Tao."

"Then what do we do now? If they were to really fuse with the Myriad Tao’s Origin, it would definitely be very troublesome for us. "

"We haven’t gotten too many Myriad Tao Divine Soil s yet, are we really going to fail like this? We are the most important people to this plan! "

Because the Heaven Old Super Beast King had fused with the Myriad Tao’s origin, the upper echelons of the Heaven Old Divine Race were anxious. Their limited strength was only strong in the Myriad Tao world, if they were to go above the Myriad Tao, their current strength was not even worth mentioning.

And Heaven Old Super Beast King who had fused with the Myriad Tao’s origin, had a strength equivalent to an expert above the Myriad Tao.

"Do you want us to withdraw?" A person said.

This won’t do, we were sent here to execute such an important plan, and not only have we not succeeded, we have also allowed two Heaven Old Super Beast King s to successfully integrate with the Myriad Tao’s Spring. If we return, we will definitely be punished if we do.

"Right, I must think of a way to solve this problem!"

"Don’t worry, they won’t be able to absorb the Myriad Tao’s Spring that quickly!" VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"I feel that someone is secretly helping these Heaven Old Super Beast King s. This was originally all part of our plan, but with so many variables, it’s clear that someone is secretly opposing us. We must find this person."

They all had the same feeling. Previously, when a few of their clansmen died in the Natural Law World, they felt that this was a little strange, and later on, a large number of Tiangu beast s appeared in the World Defying Stage Clan’s space. Clearly, someone obtained the formation plate they refined, opening up a spatial passageway for the Tiangu beast in the Heaven Old Super Realm to come out, and also released a Heaven Old Super Beast King at that time.

They were currently discussing about this matter, and did not know that Chen Xiang was the one who had secretly helped the Heaven Old Super Beast King.

... ....

Song Yichen saw the Green giant worm splitting open and release a white light. He could not help but shout excitedly, "It’s out!"

A ball of white light flew out, and following it, a seemingly simple and honest middle-aged man landed on top of the Six Realms mirrors.

"Thank you for your help." The simple and honest big guy immediately thanked Chen Xiang.

"Gorilla, no need to be polite." Chen Xiang laughed: "What may I call you, Big Brother? My name is Chen Xiang! "

"Zheng profound!"

Song Yichen smiled slightly: "I am Song Yichen!"

Song Yichen and Zheng profound were originally humans, but they were different from ordinary humans. They were of a special race, like the people of Heaven Old Divine Race.