Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Zheng profound and Song Yichen conversed with each other for a while. Zheng profound agreed to head to the Heaven Old Divine Race’s dimension now.

"These Heaven Old Divine Race people were just sent here to carry out their evil and malicious plans ... My guess is that, on one hand, they wanted to collect the Myriad Tao Divine Soil s, and on the other hand, they wanted to turn the humans of this place into their slaves. "

Taking in Myriad Tao Divine Soil was equivalent to killing Tiangu beast, and then extracting them from the bodies of Tiangu beast. This was a very lowly job, and that was why a group of people with strength under the Myriad Tao would come and do it.

Those array discs were obviously made by the strongest people in the Heaven Old Divine Race, who were mainly distributed over Heaven Old Super Realm and the others.

Chen Xiang closed his eyes as he tried to sense the surrounding space. He spent an entire half a day before he could sense a trace of spatial undulation.

"Someone’s coming out!" It was also because Chen Xiang was exiting the Heaven Old Divine Race’s Secret Realm that he had sensed the location of that secret realm. error-free novel

Chen Xiang and the rest had all hidden themselves, and sure enough, they saw several people suddenly appear in the sky and fly towards a particular direction.

"They are all very powerful, different from the other fish that came to catch us." Song Yichen said: "Could it be that they are going to investigate some things? They actually sent out such a powerful fellow! "

After Chen Xiang memorized the appearances of those few people, he showed them to Shi Songkang who was inside the Six Realms mirrors. Upon seeing them, Shi Songkang immediately revealed their identities to Chen Xiang.

"Two of them are the strongest ones in this secret plane. If he leaves now, there will only be two left to guard this secret plane. This is a pretty good opportunity." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Okay, after you go in, immediately open the Tiangu beast’s passage and let the Tiangu beast come out. At that time, we will be able to control these Tiangu beast and use them against the small fishes inside." Song Yichen said: "Zheng profound, after you enter, don’t make a move. Let me fight with the two Rankers inside first. You just watch from the side and look at their strength.

"If I can deal with them, you can go and clean up some of the stronger ones."

Song Yichen began to draw up their battle plans. He did not allow Chen Xiang to fight, because Chen Xiang’s strength was not very strong.

"No problem, I’ll listen to you." Zheng profound was weaker than him, and Zheng profound did not have that type of leadership personality. Song Yichen was not bad in this aspect, maybe he was a leader in the past.

"Then we’re going in now." Chen Xiang was already impatient. After entering, he would be able to cause chaos in the Heaven Old Divine Race Secret Realm.

"If everything goes well, after we finish dealing with the Heaven Old Divine Race, we will immediately head to the Heaven Old Super Realm. We have important things to do inside!" Song Yichen said: "Chen Xiang, when the time comes, you can come with us. We can help you get a lot of Myriad Tao Divine Soil for you."

"Alright!" Chen Xiang desperately needed Myriad Tao Divine Soil, as this was a treasure used to refine artifacts. His Heavenly magic sword was very sharp because he had used a large amount of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s to refine it.

It was not hard to open up a path to the Ancient Mystic Realm, but the hard thing was to enter and not be discovered. Chen Xiang felt that he wouldn’t be able to do it, and Song Yichen didn’t need him to, he only needed to bring them in.

Chen Xiang took a deep breath, then used the power of the Six Realms mirrors and Feng Ke’er to open a dimensional door. Then, he entered with Song Yichen and Zheng profound.

After entering, they came to a large plaza in a palace, and at that moment, there were many people there, all of them were from Heaven Old Divine Race, and they were all powerful experts, but all of them belonged to the World Defying Stage. If this force was placed in the Divine Wasteland, it would definitely be considered the strongest there.

Now Chen Xiang understood why the Heaven Old Orcs had been forced to retreat. It was because the Heaven Old Divine Race wanted to be even more powerful.

Because someone had intruded in, they were discovered, and at the same time, bell sounds came out from everywhere, many Heaven Old Divine Race people surrounded Chen Xiang and the other two.

"I don’t think we expected that." Chen Xiang looked at the fierce faces of the Heaven Old Divine Race people and said.

"Don’t worry, Zheng profound will protect you when the time comes." Song Yichen looked at the two elders who flew over, they were dressed in gold and white robes, which released a piercing light aura, and a burst of might surged out, looking extremely powerful, causing people to feel a sense of pressure on them.

"There are only these two old fellows that I should be able to deal with." Song Yichen said: "Zheng profound, protect Chen Xiang well and let him complete his task. These two guys aren’t very strong, I should be able to handle them."

"Alright!" After Zheng profound finished speaking, a very long black rod suddenly appeared in his hand, and Song Yichen’s body started to shine with a white light, like a white comet, he flew into the air towards the two elderly men.

Zheng profound waved the rod in his hand, striking towards all the Heaven Old Divine Race people who were about to rush over.

Chen Xiang had already teleported to the side to hide, then he took out the array disc to open the passage to Heaven Old Super Realm.

After the passage was opened, the aura of the Heaven Old Super Realm suddenly appeared. All the people of Heaven Old Divine Race were very shocked, they were very familiar with this aura, especially the violent aura of the Tiangu beast, which made their scalps tingle.

"Who are you people?" An old man shouted angrily at Song Yichen. He felt that it was extremely strenuous, because when the two of them worked together, they were actually suppressed by Song Yichen.

"Vengeance!" Song Yichen said indifferently, his hand slapped over, condensing a gigantic palm print, the palm print was as big as a city, flickering with white light, enveloping the two elders.

With a loud boom, the huge palm landed on the ground, causing the entire Heaven Old Divine Race Secret Realm to shake violently. All of the buildings were destroyed, and the two elders became battered and exhausted. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Song Yichen was extremely satisfied with his current strength. He looked at the two escaping elders, clasped his hands together and shook his body, then opened up his palms. Two green lumps of light appeared in his palms, and he threw them out.

After the balls of light flew out, they instantly became extremely huge, like two blazing green suns, turning the entire secret plane green. What was even more terrifying was the two green balls of light exploding with a domineering might, which made people even more terrified.

Bang!

Two huge balls of green light enveloped the two elders, tearing their powerful bodies apart. They were actually killed just like that!

At this time, the wide open Heaven Old Super Realm passage also released waves of black wind. A large group of Tiangu beast s rushed out from within, and descended onto the Ancient God Clan’s secret realm like a violent storm.

When they saw the situation in the secret realm, they couldn’t help but become furious. They immediately thought that only the Heaven Old Super Beast King who had fused with the Myriad Tao’s origin could have such strength!