Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang and Zheng profound did not attack, they just hid at the side and watched. Even if the three Rankers came back, Zheng profound did not have any intention of attacking them, because Song Yichen had told him before that he would only attack when he was about to lose.

Song Yichen’s power was extremely terrifying, definitely surpassing the peak of the Myriad Tao. This power could only be found on top of Myriad Tao.

Although the three Rankers from Heaven Old Divine Race were furious at Song Yichen, they did not attack immediately. They were not stupid and knew the strength of the person in front of them.

They had three people on their side, but it was not certain that they would be able to defeat their opponent. Song Yichen’s current imposing manner made the three of them feel extremely stifled.

"We do not have any enmity with you. Why would we want to kill you all?" An old man said angrily.

"Without enmity? "Pah, our race has been exterminated by you, and you even said that there are no grievances and no grievances. You yourself know this very well, don’t pretend to be stupid in front of me." Song Yichen saw that the other party was actually using such an excuse, which made him extremely angry.

"This matter." They were afraid of death and had already lost the will to fight with Song Yichen, because they knew the strength of the person in front of them. Even if the three of them could defeat the opponent together, if they could not die, they would at least be heavily injured, and might even be crippled.

For selfish people like them, they would never take such a risk.

"Alright!" Song Yichen sneered.

"We truly do not know about the matter between our Heaven Old Divine Race and your clan. If we do wrong, we apologize to you here!" The old man from the Heaven Old Divine Race said, "As for the crimes that you have committed here, we will not pursue them. If you still want to continue to make trouble here, don’t blame us for being impolite, you are definitely not our match. "

"Pfft!" Song Yichen was furious, how could he not see through the other party’s intentions? This kind of childish trick couldn’t fool him.

There were already a large number of Tiangu beast in the secret realm and these Tiangu beast were chasing and killing the fleeing Heaven Old Divine Race people. If this continued, all of the Heaven Old Divine Race people in the secret realm would be killed.

The three elders of the Heaven Old Divine Race were extremely anxious, they could not wait any longer, but they did not dare face Song Yichen, and could only bluff, wanting to scare him away.

"What is it? Do you think you are our match? " The old man sneered.

"You are not worthy to be my opponents, you are nothing but wild dogs in my eyes!" Song Yichen suddenly roared out, he did not know when he released a large amount of World Defying Stage Fierce Power in the air, forming a huge golden palm.

As his angry roar came to a stop, a huge golden palm pressed down from the sky, shaking the entire dimensional space of the secret realm. Some of the dimensional spaces had already ruptured, and many people and Tiangu beast had fallen into the spatial rifts.

The might of that palm was extremely terrifying. As it pressed down, it made the three old men unable to move. When the palm enveloped them, they had no way of escaping. They could only powerlessly defend themselves.

The moment the palm landed, Chen Xiang heard any sound, it was mainly because the palm was too powerful, the sound wave was immediately dissipated by the force, and only a continuous intense vibration was transmitted over.

"He’s here!" Zheng profound shouted and then released the World Defying Stage Fierce Power to form a protective shield around them. Following that, a cloud of smoke and dust swept over, which was the result of Song Yichen’s palm strike.

"Brother Song is really amazing!" Chen Xiang sighed in admiration, only to see the three Heaven Old Divine Race Rankers’ bodies cracking and floating in the air, their faces were no longer recognizable, and their bodies were filled with shocking wounds.

The surrounding Heaven Old Divine Race people and Tiangu beast were also killed by the shockwave! Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Song Yichen had exhausted all of his strength when he attacked. The power of that palm strike had already destroyed the foundation of this Primordial Secret Realm. At that time, the entire Primordial God Clan Secret Realm would be violently shaking and crumbling, and would soon be annihilated.

"You three bastards, to be able to die in my hands can be considered a blessing of several lifetimes, hmph!" After Song Yichen finished speaking, he immediately brought the World Defying mad source bead of the three elders out to Chen Xiang, and then destroyed the three corpses.

"It’s almost over here! Chen Xiang, hurry up and open a path so we can enter the Heaven Old Super Realm. " Song Yichen anxiously said.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang took out another array disc. At this time, Song Yichen had already passed the two World Defying mad source bead s to Chen Xiang.

After Chen Xiang used an array disc to open the passage, Song Yichen and Zheng profound joined hands to prevent the Tiangu beast inside from running out, and then led Chen Xiang into the black passage.

It’s just that right after entering, Chen Xiang felt a strong suction force that was absorbing them into the Heaven Old Super Realm!

They started to spin in the passage and only stopped after a while.

Coming out from the pitch black tunnel, Chen Xiang’s eyes were suddenly stung by the light. He squinted at the sky, and noticed that there were three scorching suns!

"Is this Heaven Old Super Realm?" Chen Xiang felt that there was no difference between here and the Divine Wasteland, it was just that there were two more suns. Of course, the sun here looked a lot bigger than the one in the Divine Wasteland.

"Yes!" Song Yichen frowned as he looked into the sky and said: "Initially, there were seven suns here, four of them were purple red in color and the released Evil beast energy has changed us, causing our entire clan to fall into a crisis, the suns were all caused by the Heaven Old Divine Race."

"Only those with great strength like us can protect our souls from being penetrated by the evil energy." Zheng profound said: "Thanks to our combined efforts, we managed to recover from the four suns after they were extinguished."

"Was there originally three suns here?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Yes, that’s normal." Song Yichen looked around at the desolate mountains and said: "A large area of Heaven Old Super Realm has been destroyed by the Heaven Old Divine Race, and only the areas they are in have a chance of survival."

"There are three great races here, each of the three suns conveying power to the three races! And after our clan was exterminated, the Heaven Old Divine Race occupied our sun. They obtained the power of one sun, which is much stronger than the other clan. " Zheng profound said.

Chen Xiang looked at these suns and said in shock, "Are these three suns that powerful? I can release energy, but why can’t I sense it? "

"We need a Super Yang Divine Alter, and our Super Yang Divine Alter has already been snatched away, it should be in his territory." Song Yichen said: "I just don’t know how the other clan is doing, from the looks of it, they should not have been exterminated, it’s very possible that they have already pledged their allegiance to Heaven Old Divine Race."

"You three races should all be very powerful, right?" One of them has been destroyed, while the other is definitely in for trouble. " Chen Xiang said: "If that race is still well, then there is only one possibility, and that is that they were also involved in this matter back then, and that is in the dark. After you all have been exterminated, they will secretly share in the benefits."