Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

After Song Yichen and Zheng profound heard what Chen Xiang said, they also felt that there was a possibility. Even though they had been turned into Tiangu beast s by power, they had stayed here for a few years, and knew of the rest.

"I wonder if the Heaven Old Divine Race here knows anything about the Divine Wasteland." Chen Xiang said: "The Heaven Old Divine Race s that are heading to the Divine Wasteland have basically been annihilated. This should be considered a very big matter."

"Even if they know, they can’t do anything. This time, they are able to send all of the people that they sent to the Divine Wasteland, so they won’t be able to send that many people to the Divine Wasteland in a short time." Song Yichen said: "This is just a plan of theirs, to them, the people sent to the Divine Wasteland are all weak, and they have no future."

Chen Xiang nodded: "If that’s the case, then we don’t need to worry about them going to the Divine Wasteland to cause trouble anymore."

Although the Heaven Old Super Realm had three suns, Chen Xiang felt that the environment here was not bad. He tried the Spatial Force and discovered that he could also use it.

"Where are we going now?" Zheng profound asked, his understanding of the place was not as deep as Song Yichen, after all, it had been so many years, and the world had turned upside down.

"Let’s go to the Ancient Divine Continent first. That is the territory of the Heaven Old Divine Race. We shouldn’t be recognized as such right?" Song Yichen said: "Go there and ask around. Before, I was like a Tiangu beast and could not enter the human region. All I knew was that I was eavesdropping on passersby."

"The Ancient Divine Continent is right in the middle of that sun. It’s very easy to get there." Song Yichen pointed to the one between the three suns and said to Chen Xiang: "At that time when we enter the place where there are a lot of people in the Ancient Divine Continent, you don’t need to be with us anymore. We might be easily discovered, after all, we have all been invaded by that evil energy before, and there might be some lingering aura left behind."

By doing this, Song Yichen did not want to implicate Chen Xiang. In the Ancient Divine Land, their strength could be considered to be relatively weak.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang said: When the time comes, I will maintain a distance from you guys, I am unfamiliar with this place, it would be better to follow you, when that time comes, I only need to follow you from afar.

Chen Xiang did not want to wander around here alone, the Heaven Old Super Realm was a strange world, there were many strong warriors there.

"Let’s do it like this. We will set off now." Song Yichen laughed, then began to run frantically towards the Ancient Divine Continent.

Originally, Chen Xiang had planned to use the spatial energy to teleport, but Song Yichen had told him that there were many people in the Heavenly Ancient Divine Region who knew how to use the spatial energy.

Thus, they could only run across the ground.

"Shouldn’t there be a lot of Tiangu beast here? "How come I didn’t notice anything?" When Chen Xiang came in, he was extremely suspicious of this matter. Previously, when he had opened the spatial tunnel, a large number of Tiangu beast had flown out.

"That tunnel leads to an area with a large number of Tiangu beast. If we enter through the tunnel, we won’t be able to reach that place!" Song Yichen said: "This should be set up by the Heaven Old Divine Race. This way, when they return, they won’t have to go to that place."

"Could it be that that area has been sealed?" Chen Xiang thought that it was very possible.

"Yes, it’s sealed, our race is very strong, even though they have already turned into Tiangu beast, their strength is still very terrifying. If they do not seal us in, their two tribes might not be able to live so well." Song Yichen said: "Of course, there are also a small number of Tiangu beast that managed to escape by accident."

"That seal only forbids us from going out, but it does not allow outsiders to go in. That’s why there are often people who aren’t afraid of death who go in to hunt beasts. What we know is all through these bystanders." Zheng profound said: "And these people that went in to hunt beasts were all for the Myriad Tao Divine Soil."

"Is the Myriad Tao Divine Soil inside there too?" Chen Xiang was more concerned about this matter. His main purpose for coming here was for the Myriad Tao Divine Soil.

"Yes, it’s in the sealed area!" Back then, when the Heaven Old Divine Race went in, they only took away one Super Yang Divine Alter, but the rest of the Myriad Tao Divine Soil s were unable to take them away. Even now, they do not dare to enter that region’s depths. " Song Yichen said: "Only we would dare to go in."

Song Yichen and the others were extremely united inside, and it was true that there was no danger when they entered, but they could not go in yet, because once they went in, it would be very difficult to exit. They had some important things to do outside, and that was to investigate the situation with the Heaven Old Divine Race and another clan, and then think of a way to break the seal.

"Do you have any plans for revenge?" Chen Xiang asked, Song Yichen and the others hated Heaven Old Divine Race to death, they would definitely take their revenge.

"We are here searching for the Myriad Tao’s origin." Song Yichen said: "There is also the Myriad Tao’s Origin here, but it is better hidden, it is not easy to sense it! Find the origin of a large number of Myriad Tao, then think of a way to break that seal and let the Tiangu beast come out. "

"It’s not easy." Song Yichen sighed, he did not know when he would succeed.

On the other hand, Chen Xiang felt that it was not that difficult. He could hand the matter of breaking the seal to Feng Ke’er, and the Myriad Tao Source Energy was even easier.

This was mainly a matter of time.

"I don’t think there’s too much of a problem with sealing. I have a friend who is extremely familiar with sealing formations, so I can ask her to help you. As for the Myriad Tao Origin, I’m not sure if it’ll work." Chen Xiang said. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Heaven Old Super Realm was a very good world, if Song Yichen and the others could control this world, then in the future, it would become a way for him to retreat, and would not be restricted by the Myriad Tao world. In the Myriad Tao world, the laws of the Myriad Tao were quite annoying, especially in order to stabilize the order of the world.

No matter how strong he was, he was still too weak in the face of the Myriad Tao.

"Do you have any ideas?" Seeing that Chen Xiang was serious, Song Yichen anxiously asked, he believed in Chen Xiang’s strength, after all, it was only because of Chen Xiang’s help that he and Zheng profound were able to escape.

"The Myriad Tao’s words... "I can use the method of concocting pills to make more pills, but this is just my assumption. I have never tried to concoct pills before, so I’m not sure if I can succeed." Chen Xiang said: "In short, I am able to successfully refine the Myriad Tao Divine Soil ... I only got a few Myriad Tao Divine Soil s previously, but with my alchemy skills, I can make a lot of them. "