Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang took out the Heavenly magic sword. The Heavenly magic sword was refined using the Myriad Tao Divine Soil. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Because, even if it was someone from the Heaven Old Divine Race, it would not be easy for them to obtain so many Myriad Tao Divine Soil s, yet Chen Xiang had so many, so they all believed that what Chen Xiang said was true.

"There are many alchemy experts in Heaven Old Divine Race, you must not let them know about this, otherwise they will go all out to capture you." Song Yichen said: "Heaven Old Divine Race is an extremely evil bunch to begin with. Even though our race has a large number of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s, we do not use this advantage to strengthen ourselves."

"However, the Heaven Old Divine Race was always worried that they would be annihilated by us, and they were very jealous as well. Jealous that we had a large number of Myriad Tao Divine Soil, they wanted to kill us. Song Yichen said, "The main reason is because we were too naive. We really thought that the three races could coexist harmoniously."

From a simple and honest guy like Zheng profound, it should be possible for their race to have many such honest fellows.

"Does your tribe have a name?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Darky ..." This is what the other two races call us. " Song Yichen said: "This is mainly because there are a large number of Myriad Tao Divine Soil in the area we are in. Although we do not use these Myriad Tao Divine Soil s much, we can absorb energy from them to cultivate. The Myriad Tao Divine Soil is like a mother to us, we were raised by the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, we are not allowed to be taken away by outsiders, the Myriad Tao Divine Soil is also treated as our sacred object."

"I wonder how the Heaven Old Divine Race found out about that method, turning us into Tiangu beast, and then after many years of absorbing the power of the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, all of us will grow into fur. All they have to do is capture us, seize the fur and refine it, and they will refine us into the Myriad Tao Divine Soil."

Even above Myriad Tao, Myriad Tao Divine Soil was still a treasure. However, this group of natives had a lot of them, so they didn’t need to refine them into weapons or anything like that.

"What about the other race?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Beastmen." Song Yichen replied, "Heaven Old Orcs?" Chen Xiang shouted in shock.

He had previously known that the Heaven Old Divine Race and the Heaven Old Divine Race were born together, and that Chen Cai was born from the fusion of these two races.

"Yes!" "You know?" Then, Zheng profound, he thought that this was what Zheng profound had told him.

"Because there is a Heaven Old Orcs in the Divine Wasteland." Chen Xiang said: "I was originally chased by the Beastman Sovereign inside."

"What is Heaven Old Orcs’s purpose in going to Divine Wasteland?" Song Yichen started to ponder.

"They said that they wanted to rule over the entire Divine Wasteland, but after the people from Heaven Old Divine Race came, they became more obedient." Chen Xiang said.

"It shouldn’t only be this goal. It’s very likely that they are thinking of ways to obtain the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, just like the people of Heaven Old Divine Race." Song Yichen said: "The matters of the wilderness have not been resolved yet."

The Heaven Old Divine Race people had already been exterminated, but the low key Heaven Old Orcs almost made them forget about him. It had to be said that their methods were pretty good, even Chen Xiang had almost forgotten about the existence of the Heaven Old Orcs.

"I have to go back quickly." Chen Xiang said.

"Don’t worry for now, as long as we can break the seal, we can lead a large number of Tiangu beast to war on all four sides. At that time, their plans in the Divine Wasteland will also be doomed." Song Yichen said: "We’re almost there."

In front of him was the Ancient Divine Province. An oasis appeared there, and a wave of dense life force assaulted his nostrils. It was very different from that deathly silent wasteland.

They had finally set foot on the land of the Ancient Divine Lands.

"Go to the nearby cities first," Song Yichen said. "There are not only people from the Heaven Old Divine Race here, there are also people who have retired from the Myriad Tao."

"There are also some Heaven Old Orcs s." Zheng profound added.

"The Heaven Old Orcs and the Heaven Old Orcs don’t get along well. Did they actually join hands to deal with you two?" Chen Xiang asked, this was what Chen Cai had told him.

"I don’t know. The Heaven Old Orcs and the Heaven Old Divine Race have indeed been at loggerheads all along, especially the Heaven Old Divine Race. If someone from their side is with the Heaven Old Orcs, they will capture him and sentence him to death." Song Yichen said: "It’s very cruel ... Of course, a long time ago the Heaven Old Divine Race did not allow them to marry us natives.

"However, to be able to be together with humans is quite strange." Zheng profound said.

Chen Xiang never thought that there were actually many ordinary humans like him in the Heaven Old Super Realm. At this moment, they were already outside of a city, and the few people they met were humans.

When they entered the city, Song Yichen kept them at a distance.

In order to be able to contact them at any time, Chen Xiang had given them a piece of Communication jade Symbol paper and told them how to use it.

Song Yichen and Zheng profound were the first to enter the city. This city was extremely new, and should be a city that was just built.

After Chen Xiang entered, he found out that this city was merged together with the few other old cities, so it was very lively right after the construction.

"The pills are all in the Heaven Old Divine Race’s hands. Without the Heaven Old Divine Race’s permission, you can’t refine pills. How overbearing." After Chen Xiang asked around, only then did he find out about the pills.

If they found medicinal herbs in the wilderness, they could only be sold to shops in Heaven Old Divine Race. If they found out about it in private, they would be executed.

In this place, the pill business could only be done by the Heaven Old Divine Race, the pills were sold very expensive, using a type of item called Wild source stone to trade, it was not easy to find Wild source stone, and it was also easy to find the people of Heaven Old Super Realm, which was why there were a lot of Wild source stone.

"Wild source stone can be used to grow medicinal herbs. The arrogant medicine of the times are all grown using Wild source stone, so things like the arrogant pill should be able to increase World Defying Stage Fierce Power." Chen Xiang asked around, there were only the Primordial Violent Pellets, there were no other tier pellets, and even the cheapest one would cost 10,000 Wild source stone.

Chen Xiang didn’t have any Wild source stone now, so he didn’t know what to do. He could only continue to scout and figure out ways to get his hands on the Wild source stone.

"As long as I can get one, I can try using the derivation method." Chen Xiang chuckled in his heart: "If it’s successful, then I won’t have to work so hard to find the Wild source stone."

Chen Xiang took out the Communication jade Symbol paper and sent a message to Song Yichen: "Brother Song, do you know how to get the Wild source stone?"

"We don’t have such a thing now... But you can wait for a few days, I can go and rob some for you. There are so many Heaven Old Divine Race here, you can rob whatever you want from them without feeling guilty. " Song Yichen replied.