Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang looked around, there were indeed many people from Heaven Old Divine Race, and all of them looked to be very rich.

"Alright, I’ll see if I have a good goal." Chen Xiang did not need a lot of Wild source stone, he just wanted to try and see if he could refine it using the derivation method.

He walked along the main street, looking for a convenient target. He wandered around for a long time, but he could not find anyone suitable. The main reason was that this city was too bustling with activity.

"My current strength is only at the peak of World Defying Stage, and there are some people who have surpassed the World Defying Stage here." If Chen Xiang was making a ruckus here, all the Heaven Old Divine Race people inside the city would definitely rush over immediately.

With Chen Xiang’s current strength, he was still not their match.

"Above World Defying Stage is the World Defying crazy realm. You should also be close to reaching this realm soon! As for a Alchemist like you, there are no bottlenecks at all. As long as you can calm your heart and refine pills, you will be able to break through sooner or later. " Feng Ke’er said.

He had obtained a few World Defying mad source bead, but these World Defying mad source bead were difficult for him to absorb, and the World Defying Stage Fierce Power was very difficult to refine, so he did not know the reason.

He could actually use those World Defying mad source bead to strengthen the Natural Law World’s spatial wall, but he could only use them in these aspects because he was unable to devour them.

"If you need Wild source stone s, you can sell them. I think you just need to sell one." Feng Ke’er laughed: "This can be exchanged for quite a few Wild source stone, but you can give it a try, whether or not it can be derived from your pill refining technique."

"Alright!" Chen Xiang immediately asked around for information regarding the World Defying mad source bead in high spirits. He quickly found out about it.

There was someone here who bought the World Defying mad source bead.

The World Defying mad source bead s were mainly from the dead humans or beasts, but the price of recovery was extremely low. Chen Xiang had thought that this kind of World Defying mad source bead was very precious.

"Damn, there’s only one Wild source stone in five thousand, aren’t World Defying mad source bead too cheap?" This was the price that Chen Xiang had heard of.

"It’s indeed too cheap." Feng Ke’er never thought that the World Defying mad source bead s would contain such a dense amount of World Defying Stage Fierce Power. Although it couldn’t be used for his own cultivation, it could still be used to set up a formation.

"However, thinking about it, it’s understandable. Generally, these World Defying mad source bead are relatively weak! Within the Heaven Old Super Realm, there should be a lot of World Defying mad source bead like me. " Chen Xiang took out a World Defying mad source bead, shook his head and sighed: "Just sell one!"

There were a lot of Heaven Old Divine Race people here, as long as he killed them, he would be able to obtain them.

Chen Xiang took out a World Defying mad source bead and entered a store that specialized in selling divine tools. These World Defying mad source bead s were also used to refine and set up arrays.

He had obtained five thousand Wild source stone, and upon closer inspection, he discovered that the Wild source stone contained a World Defying Stage Fierce Power. This was exactly as he had guessed, the Wild source stone was born from the nourishment of the rich World Defying Stage Fierce Power.

"It should not be difficult to refine." Chen Xiang released a bit of the World Defying god fire to try it out and discovered that it could easily melt, and that the World Defying Stage Fierce Power inside would spill out too. This kind of World Defying Stage Fierce Power was extremely easy to control, and it could also be absorbed into the body, which was different from the World Defying mad source bead’s.

RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!

A series of explosions suddenly erupted in the distance, causing everyone to panic. They looked towards the direction where the tremors came from, only to see a large cloud of fire sweeping over from the sky above.

A scorching heat wave swept through the city as the fiery clouds swept past.

Everyone in the city was instantly enveloped by the scorching heat waves. Some people were already shouting out loud from the heat.

Boom! Boom! Boom!...

The center of the city shook continuously as the earth shook. Waves of air roared as they rushed over.

"What an intense battle, this kind of thing rarely happens." An old man said, "Who has the guts to fight in this city?"

"Look, it’s an Ancient Divine Weapon..."

Chen Xiang looked up to the sky and saw a bunch of people with cannons chasing after two people.

"Could it be them?" Chen Xiang could not help but be shocked, he felt that it was very likely to be Zheng profound and Song Yichen.

Zheng profound and Song Yichen were both foreign races, it was not strange for them to be discovered.

Not long after, peace was restored to the city as well. There was news that the center of the city had suffered quite a bit of damage.

Now that Chen Xiang had the Wild source stone, he could stay at the inn. He went to the inn and asked for a quiet room.

One of his Communication jade Symbol paper suddenly vibrated, and he hurriedly took it out.

"Chen Xiang, we have already left the city. Zheng profound and I were accidentally discovered by the Heaven Old Divine Race and fought against them. Now that we have successfully escaped the pursuit of the Ancient Divine Weapon, you can rest assured."

Song Yichen’s voice sounded. "You are a human, so you don’t have to worry about them. If you stay here, you might be able to find a way for him to step into the World Defying crazy realm."

Chen Xiang did not feel that it was unexpected that Zheng profound and Song Yichen would encounter such a thing, he had guessed it beforehand.

"Ah, I will stay here for a while longer. I will come back later to find you." Chen Xiang said, he had a strong interest in the pills here, he wanted to see what kind of benefits the pills had.

He took out the Tianchuang furnace and placed a piece of it inside.

A Wild source stone was only the size of a rice, he was prepared to try and see if he could refine it.

The Wild source stone was being burned by the World Defying god fire and became mist not long after it was burned. Then, Chen Xiang condensed it into a very small ball and used the derivation method to refine it.

After forming the nine balls, Chen Xiang then used the Crash method to upgrade another layer of quality.

After the Crash method, Chen Xiang then combined all the broken pieces of the stone and formed a larger Wild source stone.

"This Wild source stone is not small!" Chen Xiang was very satisfied: "Now we need to use the method of equally dividing the big Wild source stone into small particles."

After Chen Xiang used it, the large Wild source stone quickly turned into thirty pellets!

Even he himself was surprised that one Wild source stone could be refined into thirty pellets. When he was guessing previously, he felt that being able to refine five was already quite good.

"Success, the quality is the same." Using this Wild source stone to compare it with the others that had not been refined, Chen Xiang discovered that there was not much difference.

"Alright, next, I’ll start a large amount of refining." Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

It would take a lot of time to refine a large amount, but this was not a problem for Chen Xiang because he could use the power of time to buy more time.