Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Pure Text Online Read Local Domain Name Mobile Phone Synchronous Read Please Visit

Chen Xiang had only used an hour to refine that pellet earlier. That small pellet of Wild source stone simply did not have that much energy at all, he estimated that he would be able to refine a thousand pellets per day.

Very quickly, Chen Xiang had finished refining a thousand pills. It took twenty hours, and then he needed to rest for a bit before he could continue with the refinement.

In a month’s time, he had refined thirty thousand pellets, and only then did he remove the Time Domain. This way, he would be able to obtain thirty thousand pellets of Wild source stone in a single day.

"How relaxed!" Chen Xiang laughed as he brought the Wild source stone into a shop.

Although the pills here were controlled by the Heaven Old Divine Race, there were still quite a few people who bought them. As they were a bit more expensive, there were still quite a few uses for them, and the people who bought the pills were not idiots.

Right now, he was planning to buy a Mad Arrogant Core that was worth thirty thousand Wild source stone.

"Brother, what pills do you need?" When a young man saw Chen Xiang coming in, he quickly welcomed him with a smile and asked.

"I need to buy the materials to strengthen the World Defying mad source bead." Chen Xiang said. Everyone here cultivates a World Defying mad source bead, absorbing the World Defying Stage Fierce Power would strengthen their own body, and would have a higher chance of breaking through the World Defying Stage and entering the World Defying crazy realm.

"It’s best if it’s cheaper." Chen Xiang added.

"No problem, take a look and see if this Strong strength Dan is suitable for you to use." This youth could judge the size of Chen Xiang’s World Defying mad source bead from the World Defying Stage Fierce Power’s aura that was emitted from Chen Xiang’s body. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"How much?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Thirty-five thousand." The young man chuckled. "This is the lowest price. If it was anyone else, I would have charged him thirty-eight thousand."

"Can you make it cheaper?" Chen Xiang asked: "If it’s thirty thousand, I want it!"

Chen Xiang immediately cut off five thousand, which was a very fierce cut.

The youth shook his head: "If I sell it at this price, I will definitely be cursed to death by three people."

Chen Xiang laughed: "Then tell me the lowest price!"

"34 thousand, I can’t lose any less."

"Thirty-three thousand." Chen Xiang said: "If it’s not possible, then forget it, I’ll go look somewhere else."

Chen Xiang turned to leave, but the young man anxiously shouted: "Alright, alright, let’s go with 30,000!"

They were responsible for selling the pills here. If they sold just one pill, they would also be able to obtain a certain reward.

After Chen Xiang bought a Strong strength Dan, he quickly returned to the tavern.

This pill had almost used up all the Wild source stone in his hands.

As soon as he entered the room, he immediately ate it, eager to experience the effects of the pill.

The Primordial Pill was something new to him, and he had never heard of it before.

The moment the pellet entered his abdomen, it immediately exploded, and a large amount of World Defying Stage Fierce Power surged out. These World Defying Stage Fierce Power were all extremely pure, and he did not know how it was refined, but it was much better than directly absorbing Wild source stone s.

"What a good thing!" Even if I were to directly use fifty thousand Wild source stone s, it would not be as effective as this pill. " Chen Xiang quickly refined the pill.

Although he did not see any obvious increase in strength in the World Defying mad source bead, but the effects of the pellet were still not bad, and the increase in strength brought to him was much better than the increase in World Defying Stage Fierce Power that he received through his Invigorated Meridian.

"There are a lot of types of ’Arrogant Mad Dan’ ... It’s just that I don’t have many Wild source stone now, so I must eat other different arrogant pills in the future. " Chen Xiang only felt that it was new.

He took out the Myriad Tao Source and said, "I wonder if this thing can allow me to enter the World Defying crazy realm. If it is not possible, then I can only use pills."

Chen Xiang activated Time Domain and began to absorb the energy from the Myriad Tao’s Origin.

Previously, when Zheng profound and his group had become Green giant worm, the green fog that had been released already contained a very dense World Defying Stage Fierce Power. After he had absorbed the green fog, he had felt his own World Defying Stage Fierce Power increase by leaps and bounds, so he had thought that the Myriad Tao’s origin would definitely be of great help to him.

"This thing is very mysterious, so I don’t need to use it to refine. If it was damaged, then it would be troublesome." Chen Xiang had plans to use the derivation method to refine the Myriad Tao Source, but after thinking about it, he gave up. If something were to go wrong, the Myriad Tao Source would become useless.

Right now he was using dual layered Time Domain, and this was the only way he could absorb the Myriad Tao’s Spring in a short amount of time.

Zheng profound and Song Yichen had to spend a lot of time to refine the energy within the Myriad Tao Source.

... ....

Chen Xiang was very calm while absorbing the Myriad Tao Source energy, and it went extremely smoothly as well. Directly absorbing the Myriad Tao Source energy was much better than absorbing the green mist released by the Green giant worm.

More than 30 years had passed while he was absorbing it!

Chen Xiang had also just absorbed all of the energy within the Myriad Tao’s Spring, but his World Defying mad source bead still hadn’t reached the limit.

"There’s still some time before the breakthrough!" Chen Xiang sighed helplessly.

He really hoped that the Myriad Tao would be able to help him break through, but he didn’t expect it to be like this. He was not far from breaking through.

"You’ve only been training for a few days." Feng Ke’er yawned.

Chen Xiang’s Time Domain did not cover the entire You Yao Mountain Villa, so Feng Ke’er’s time was different from Chen Xiang’s. More than thirty years had already passed.

"That’s true, after all, this is the World Defying crazy realm, and even many people here would not be able to step into this realm." Chen Xiang nodded his head, "I can’t be too impatient. I still have quite a bit of time."

Chen Xiang felt that if he absorbed more Myriad Tao’s Origin, he might be able to break through. However, only Zheng profound and Song Yichen could find the Myriad Tao’s Origin, and he couldn’t contact them right now.

If he wanted to break through now, he could only do so through pills.

"Alright, I will refine a few Wild source stone and see if I can purchase them."

Chen Xiang had gone into closed door cultivation for a few days and refined more than a hundred thousand Wild source stone.

After leaving the inn, he hurriedly headed towards a pill shop. Just as he arrived, he discovered that someone had been thrown out of the shop.

The man was thrown out of the door, landing on the ground as he screamed in pain. His entire body was wounded, and his face was haggard and haggard. He looked extremely weak.

"This person is our store’s Alchemist. However, he didn’t abide by the rules when concocting pills and wasted our medicinal ingredients, which is why he was crippled by us." An old man walked out of the shop. He was from Heaven Old Divine Race and had a cold expression.

Chen Xiang looked at Alchemist who was half dead, and felt that it was strange. Alchemist was a human, but he could actually become the shop’s Alchemist.

His eyes lit up, he anxiously asked: "Hello Shopkeeper, your shop just cleaned up a Alchemist, you are definitely lacking in manpower right? This boy also knows how to refine pills, I wonder if he can become your shop’s Alchemist?"

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]