Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Pure Text Online Read Local Domain Name Mobile Phone Synchronous Read Please Visit

If he could infiltrate it, he would definitely learn a lot of things from it. This was what Chen Xiang planned to do.

"What kind of pill do you know how to refine?" The shopkeeper sized Chen Xiang up, and a look of contempt appeared in his eyes. He did not think that Chen Xiang knew how to refine pills, and that Chen Xiang was a human himself.

Although their Heaven Old Divine Race was powerful, they did not have a lot of people. Currently, the shop was indeed lacking manpower. If he could have a human Alchemist to join, he would be more willing.

"I only know how to refine Strong strength Dan." Chen Xiang said, he had never refined this pill before, moreover, he had only eaten one before. However, he was confident in himself, and felt that as long as there were ingredients, he would definitely be able to successfully refine one.

--- m

"Alright, follow me in." The shopkeeper felt that it was already good that they only knew how to refine Strong strength Dan, because they needed this kind of Alchemist, so he didn’t expect the human Alchemist to refine other pills. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Chen Xiang followed him into a secret room.

"This is the medicinal herb, I’ll be coming in two hours later!" I am very clear on whether or not it is the pill that has just been concocted. If you dare to lie to me, you will be like that fellow just now. " The manager harrumphed, then walked out of the secret room.

Chen Xiang opened a box and found Strong strength Dan’s medicinal herbs.

"One fruit, then five hundred Wild source stone, is it that simple?" Chen Xiang handed the fruit to the Mei Jing Sisters and started the Triple time field on him.

Mei Jing Sisters cut off half of the fruit, then used the power of regeneration to regenerate the other half and gave it to Chen Xiang.

By the time they finished, an hour had already passed. This way, Chen Xiang would have successfully obtained a fruit like this, and would not need to purchase it.

Buying these herbs here was an extremely difficult task, because all of them were controlled by the Heaven Old Divine Race and no one dared to sell them privately.

"It won’t be difficult to start now!" Chen Xiang placed the green fruit into the Tianchuang furnace, and then placed the Wild source stone in.

To him, refining Wild source stone was the easiest because he had refined it many times before.

As for the green fruit, that would be a little difficult. When he used the World Defying god fire to burn it, he felt a strange energy gushing out, blowing away his World Defying god fire.

However, this did not trouble him. He had many miraculous methods of refining pills, which easily overcome the obstacle, turning the green fruit into a ball of green mist, and then merging the mist with the refined Wild source stone.

After fusing, it would crystallize.

He only needed to turn it into a pill.

When he successfully formed the pill, two hours had just passed and he was already sweating profusely.

Even though it was the lowest price, he had spent an hour to refine it. Moreover, he had never refined it before, so it was not a small challenge to him. Fortunately, he had already succeeded.

He felt that he could refine at least three pills, but he did not want the Heaven Old Divine Race to realize that even if there would not be any problems, he also did not want to earn the Wild source stone for the Heaven Old Divine Race.

The manager had already opened the door and entered. The moment he entered, he smelled a rich fragrance and a trace of surprise flashed in his eyes.

"Looks like you’ve succeeded in refining it!" The shopkeeper was a little happy in his heart, because he could tell from the fragrance that the pill inside Chen Xiang’s pill furnace was of extremely high quality.

Chen Xiang nodded his head and pretended to exhale, making people feel that he was very tired, as if he was doing his best.

The shopkeeper opened the lid of the pill furnace and saw the green pill inside. He nodded in satisfaction. "Okay, you can stay. What’s your name?"

"Shen Fei!" Chen Xiang used a fake name, although he did not have much fame here, using a fake name was his habit.

"Your mission in the future will be to refine two hundred Strong strength Dan for the shop every month. After refining one, we will give you a reward of two hundred Wild source stone." The shopkeeper asked, "Do you have any objections?"

Chen Xiang shook his head, he had not come here for the Wild source stone, if he wanted it, he could just refine it himself.

The reward of one pellet for one Wild source stone was only two hundred, which was pitifully little. If a Strong strength Dan of his level were to be sold for at least forty thousand pellets, it showed how profitable this shop was.

"Good!" "Don’t waste your medicinal ingredients. If you waste too much of your medicinal ingredients, your end will be very miserable." The shopkeeper said, "When you want to refine pills, come to the third floor to look for me or the second storekeeper for medicinal herbs. Once you’ve obtained them, you must start refining them."

"Understood!" Chen Xiang nodded his head: "Am I going to stay here too?"

"Yes, you cannot leave the shop once you have collected the medicinal ingredients. You must finish refining those medicinal ingredients before you can leave." The shopkeeper said, "I suggest that you take a few dozen at a time. Once you’ve finished refining, you can go out and rest, and then continue refining. Once you’ve completed the month’s task ahead of time, you will have other time."

"Alright!" Chen Xiang nodded: "I want to take a hundred portions now."

Being able to refine ten batches a day was only ten days of time. The manager felt that it was rather reasonable.

After Chen Xiang received the medicinal ingredients, the shopkeeper said: "Wait a moment, I will get someone to bring you to your residence. I hope that the Strong strength Dan you refine all have such quality."

The shopkeeper handed over to Chen Xiang the two hundred Wild source stone and said, "This is the reward for refining this Strong strength Dan."

Chen Xiang did not have any interest in these two hundred Wild source stone, but he accepted them with a smile.

He was led by a young man to a house in the backyard. He had a small independent house with a secret room that could allow him to refine pills in peace.

"Begin pill forging!" Chen Xiang wanted to quickly enter the World Defying crazy realm.

This time, he was extremely serious about refining the Strong strength Dan, and he never thought that he would actually be able to refine the Strong strength Dan in an hour.

"Is it because my World Defying god fire has been strengthened in all aspects?" Chen Xiang felt that he was pretty fast.

"If I were to carefully refine them, I wonder how many would be produced in a single furnace." The pill he had refined in the shop was for the sake of concealing his identity.

Right now, he didn’t have such considerations. If he gave out more medicinal herbs, he could save them all for himself.

Very quickly, two hours had passed. He earnestly went to refine the Strong strength Dan, and the time required to do so was twice as much as before. However, he actually produced four pellets!

"Hehe, this way, I only need twenty-five sets of ingredients to refine a hundred Strong strength Dan. The remaining seventy-five sets will be mine."

This was more than what he had expected. He thought that he could only produce three pills at most.

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]