Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Pure Text Online Read Local Domain Name Mobile Phone Synchronous Read Please Visit

Chen Xiang had only refined a hundred Strong strength Dan s in the past three days. The next few pills he refined were all for himself to consume, and the process of refining them was very different from the previous ones.

"Strong strength Dan is considered the lowest level of the Arrogant Core. However, if I were to use the derivation method and the Crash method to refine them, I would definitely be able to refine extremely high quality ones."

Chen Xiang had previously eaten Strong strength Dan, so he now had a certain understanding of its medicinal properties.

After all, Chen Xiang had reached a certain level of cultivation in the World Defying Stage Fierce Power and his strength could be considered strong. His World Defying god fire had already reached the pinnacle, so it gave him quite a bit of convenience during the process of refining pills.

"It has been successfully derived!" Chen Xiang reached this step very quickly. The next thing he wanted to do was ram the nine Medicine crystal that he had created.

After he made sufficient preparations, he immediately began to clash with them!

Bang bang!

The furnace shook twice consecutively, then produced two muffled sounds. Chen Xiang was also sweating profusely at this moment!

"This is a Mad Arrogant Pill, after it is formed, it will then collide with others. The explosive power is very strong, it’s all World Defying Stage Fierce Power, I almost can’t control it." Chen Xiang took a deep breath. Luckily he was able to react in time, and threw the Six Realms mirrors into the Tianchuang furnace, if not the World Defying Stage Fierce Power inside would explode continuously. At that time, all of his Tianchuang furnace would be destroyed.

"What’s the situation like?" Feng Ke’er asked.

"Not bad, I’ll have to let you help me the next time I refine. It’s too dangerous." Chen Xiang said.

Previously, when he was refining, he did not feel that there was anything difficult about the Strong strength Dan. He was able to refine four pills in two hours, but he did not expect that after he had made a breakthrough, it would actually become like this, almost destroying his pill furnace.

In the next round of condensing the pill, Chen Xiang ordered Feng Ke’er to take action.

Feng Ke’er’s power of sealing was still very effective against this kind of arrogant core.

Not long after, Feng Ke’er successfully condensed the rich medicinal power into a pill.

"A super high quality Strong strength Dan, let me try!" After Chen Xiang took out this pellet from the Tianchuang furnace, he immediately consumed it and began to refine it.

He only needed six hours to refine the pellet, and he could easily refine it by himself. This pellet could be refined by himself, and this was the best place, because the pellet itself could be refined, allowing it to merge with the human body more quickly.

Therefore, it only took Chen Xiang four hours to refine that pellet.

"The effect is very good. It’s equivalent to a hundred ordinary Strong strength Dan." Chen Xiang opened his eyes and felt the newly strengthened World Defying Stage Fierce Power.

"Looks like I’ll be able to cultivate World Defying Stage Fierce Power very quickly." said. The World Defying Stage Fierce Power was still very useful to her, if she also had a very strong World Defying Stage Fierce Power, then when she released the seal and formation, it would make the array and seal even more powerful.

"Yes, I’ll start refining a bit more." Chen Xiang still had a lot of medicinal herbs in his possession, if he was to continue staying here, he did not need to grow them himself.

He needed to make the shopkeeper more interested in him. When the time came, he would have the opportunity to refine an even more precious Primordial Pill.

In the next few days, Chen Xiang spent all his time refining the Super High Quality Pride Pill. He could refine four pills a day and after he refined thirty pills, he felt that it was about time.

After walking out of the pill refining room, he saw a person in the small hall of his own small house. He was dressed extremely extravagantly, and there was even a mask on his face.

"You’re finally out!" The cold and proud voice of the man from Heaven Old Divine Race came over. It was a man.

"Well, what is it?" Chen Xiang asked suspiciously.

"It’s nothing, let’s go find the manager. He’ll explain everything to you clearly." The man got up and walked out of the store.

Chen Xiang followed and saw the shopkeeper.

"I’ve finished refining it!" Chen Xiang handed the hundred Strong strength Dan pills over to the shopkeeper.

The shopkeeper opened it and took a look. His eyes were filled with pleasant surprise, but there was also some helplessness. He did not know the reason behind this.

Chen Xiang had a premonition that he was about to be chased away.

The shopkeeper said: "Shen Fei... The pills you refined are not bad, this is your reward, one pill for two hundred Wild source stone, here is twenty thousand. "

After Chen Xiang received it, he asked: "Are you going to let me leave?"

With that, he looked at the Heaven Old Divine Race man beside him.

"Yes, I’ll take your place." The Heaven Old Divine Race man said coldly.

"That’s not it, you can stay and continue refining the Strong strength Dan, I can make an exception for you and let you stay." Although the shopkeeper did not concoct pills very aggressively, after running this shop for many years, he was clear that the quality of the Strong strength Dan that Chen Xiang refined was very good.

Other than that, he could also see Chen Xiang’s potential. He did not wish for Chen Xiang to leave just like that, because if Chen Xiang left this shop, there would be people taking him in no matter where he went.

"Manager, what do you mean?" The man asked in annoyance.

"You should understand what I said. I want him to stay." The shopkeeper said, his expression turning ugly.

Chen Xiang was a little confused.

"Didn’t you say that the Alchemist s in the shop were enough? If I join your shop, I’ll let a human leave, but why hasn’t he left yet? " The man was a little angry. Of course he could tell that the shopkeeper valued Chen Xiang a lot, which made him feel an indescribable jealousy in his heart.

Chen Xiang also understood that the man in front of him was Alchemist, but since the shop was full of Alchemist, if he wanted to enter, he could only kick one out. Normally, he would kick the humans out and let the Heaven Old Divine Race people in. After all, the shop was owned by the Heaven Old Divine Race, and the shopkeeper was from the Heaven Old Divine Race.

However, Chen Xiang had performed very well. Even if he was a human, he could still be valued highly by the shopkeeper!

"Yes, but the pills he concocts are quite good. I think we should keep him here." The innkeeper said, "Your current house is for you to live in. I will arrange for someone to build another one for him." VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"He’s just a human!" The man was somewhat angry. "Why didn’t you make an exception for me before and instead built a house for a human!"

This man was from the Heaven Old Divine Race, but he felt that the shopkeeper wasn’t paying attention to him at all. Instead, he was looking at a very weak looking human, which made his heart very unbalanced.

"So what?" The shopkeeper was getting impatient, after all, they were all from Heaven Old Divine Race and all of them had temper.

"If you feel bad, you can leave." The shopkeeper added, "The value of his creation is higher than yours, so he was able to receive this kind of treatment."

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]