Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang really did not think that this shopkeeper would actually think so highly of him, which made him shocked on the inside. He could at most earn a few more Wild source stone for this shop, these Wild source stone should not be worth it for this shopkeeper to clash with his clansmen.

"You ... "Alright, just you wait. Just leave." As expected, the Heaven Old Divine Race man had left.

"Manager, I’ve troubled you!" Chen Xiang felt a little embarrassed and said.

"Nothing, you should go rest first." The shopkeeper waved towards Chen Xiang, and then took the pellets and left.

Chen Xiang wanted Feng Ke’er to eat ten Strong strength Dan s. He wanted to see what kind of effects Feng Ke’er, who had just started cultivating the World Defying Stage Fierce Power, would have after eating these Strong strength Dan.

Feng Ke’er’s refining speed was much faster than Chen Xiang’s. Being able to refine one pellet in an hour, Chen Xiang was very surprised with her speed.

"How is it big!" Feng Ke’er used his hand to measure the size of a World Defying mad source bead, it was the size of a walnut, and it was not small either.

"So fast!" Chen Xiang laughed: "Can you use the World Defying Stage Fierce Power to release the seal now?"

"Of course you can, the seal released is also powerful." Feng Ke’er laughed, "If my World Defying mad source bead was stronger, then I would be even more powerful. I hope that I could have long since stepped into the World Defying crazy realm."

With Feng Ke’er around, it would be relatively easy for Chen Xiang to refine pills. Especially when refining those types of pills that were difficult to refine, Feng Ke’er was always able to help a lot, otherwise it would be difficult for him to succeed.

Chen Xiang went to look for the shopkeeper. He wanted to collect a hundred sets of medicinal ingredients, and he would complete his mission of refining another hundred pellets this month.

When he arrived at the main hall of the shop, he saw that the shopkeeper was with a few masked men wearing luxurious robes.

"It’s that guy from last time!" Chen Xiang felt a very familiar Qi, it was the Heaven Old Divine Race person from last time.

The Heaven Old Divine Race originally wanted to come to this shop to work, but because he saw that Chen Xiang was neglected, he left in anger. Now that he had even brought a few people here, he did not know what his purpose was.

After Chen Xiang arrived, the man pointed at Chen Xiang and said: "It’s this human!"

When the few masked men looked over, Chen Xiang felt a lot of pressure. This extremely tall masked man was very strong, and they had intentionally released a type of aura to scare Chen Xiang.

It was a good thing that Chen Xiang was a person who had seen great storms before, and stood there calmly.

"He is Shen Fei, he just joined our shop not long ago." The shopkeeper said: "The Strong strength Dan he refined is indeed not bad, so I made an exception and asked him to stay. There’s nothing wrong with that, it’s just that your family’s kid is too suspicious."

"Hmph, how good can a pill concocted by a human be?" The man said angrily, "I want to compete with him. If he can’t beat me, then tell him to leave immediately. Then apologize to me."

Chen Xiang’s eyes were filled with helplessness, he never thought that such a thing would actually happen, this man looked just like a child!

"Then let’s fight. What if you lose?" The shopkeeper sneered. He didn’t seem to be afraid of these masked men.

"If I lose, then I’ll be convinced." The man had already taken off his mask. He was a handsome youth, but his face was filled with arrogance and he looked extremely arrogant.

"Then you can leave." The shopkeeper said: "I think I did the right thing, the one wrong is you, the arrogant guy. Let me tell you the truth, the Strong strength Dan you refined is very bad, I don’t like it at all."

When the man heard the shopkeeper’s words, he became extremely angry.

"Elders, you all have heard that he is humiliating me." The young man said angrily.

"If he loses, then I will kneel down and apologize to you." A masked man said. When they saw their clan’s younger generation being looked down upon in such a manner, their hearts were filled with rage.

Chen Xiang was a little helpless. That young man couldn’t even bear to see the manager of the Heaven Old Divine Race anymore.

"Alright!" The shopkeeper was very confident in Chen Xiang, "How do you want to compete? Shen Fei only knows how to refine Strong strength Dan, so he can only try to refine Strong strength Dan. If he wants to refine other pills, I will not agree. "

The quality of the Strong strength Dan that Chen Xiang had refined was very good. This shopkeeper still had over a hundred pellets that he had not sold yet, because he had to find a good buyer to sell all at once.

"Let’s compete in refining the Strong strength Dan. If he is the first one to refine it, then we will consider it his victory, regardless of the quality!" That young man said. From his confident expression, it could be seen that he was very confident in his alchemy speed.

The shopkeeper looked at Chen Xiang, only to see Chen Xiang nodding his head, competing with him in pill refining speed, that would be courting death, his heart was blooming with laughter.

"Are you really okay? This fellow concocts pills at an astonishing speed, even though its quality is a little lacking. " The shopkeeper suddenly told Chen Xiang.

"How much does he have?" Chen Xiang asked.

"To be able to refine three batches of Strong strength Dan in two hours is something that I know of. If it was a competition, his speed would probably be even faster." The manager sent a voice transmission.

Just as they were communicating through voice transmission, the young man suddenly said, "How about this, let’s compete with each other. Within two hours, whoever refines more Strong strength Dan will win!" DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

They suddenly changed the rules again, which made the shopkeeper a bit angry. He knew the other party’s pill refining speed. This kind of rule was very beneficial for them.

"And now?" The shopkeeper sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang.

"Don’t worry, it won’t be a problem." Chen Xiang replied calmly, he suddenly felt that this shopkeeper was not bad, although he was from the Heaven Old Divine Race, he had a lot of respect for him, which was why he asked for his opinion.

The shopkeeper trusted Chen Xiang a lot and said, "Then let’s begin!"

In order to let more people testify, the shopkeeper called over ten Alchemist s over to watch the competition. These Alchemist s were all old Alchemist s in the shop, and they knew about Chen Xiang’s situation, because they had all seen the Strong strength Dan that Chen Xiang had refined and received their unanimous approval.

Now that they understood the reason for the Dou Dan, they all felt that this young man was extremely arrogant. However, there was nothing they could do about it. After all, this young man came from a big clan. When the disciples of the big families came out to gain experience, the ones who were unlucky were these shops.

"They are people from the Zhen Clan, the kid who fought with you over refining pills is called Zhen Minghui, their family’s refining pills are not bad, and the people they sent out to gain experience are all people who want to enter some shops to concoct pills." The innkeeper said, "Bullsh * t. He’s just here to show off. This sort of thing happens a lot. You have to discourage him this time."

Chen Xiang also laughed in his heart. Since he allowed the members of his clan to go out and gain experience, they should have suffered some setback or other in order to grow, but now the old one actually jumped out to help the young one. This little one clearly had no reason to.