In the hall, other than the Alchemist in the shop, there were a few other people there. These people were all here to buy pills, and now that they knew about this, they began to watch with interest. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Strong strength Dan s were a type of pill that many people ate frequently, and they were the cheapest here, and their effects were not bad as well. As long as one ate long-term, they would be able to feel the obvious increase in World Defying mad source bead strength.

Therefore, this pill was still rather popular.

Since there were people competing here, of course, many of them were very curious about it. Although they ate quite a lot, they had rarely seen Alchemist refining anything.

"In two hours’ time, the hourglass ended. There are many Alchemist present and they are all able to testify here. It can be seen whether they are cheating or not." The shopkeeper said, "So you all must be more honest with me."

Everyone could tell if it was the Strong strength Dan that was just refined, let alone the old Alchemist.

"Is it possible that whoever concocts the pill will be the victor at the end of the process?" Chen Xiang asked again, he wanted to confirm it one more time.

"That’s right!" Zhen Minghui replied: "You’re definitely going to lose!"

Chen Xiang did not bother with him anymore, looked at the shopkeeper and said: "Shopkeeper, do you still have a pill furnace here? Can you give me a few more? "

Zhen Minghui laughed: "Are you worried that the furnace will explode? "If the furnace explodes, then you can forget about winning against me. The most important thing in this competition is time. If you explode a furnace, then you won’t have a chance to win."

"Of course not!" Chen Xiang smiled at him, the feeling he gave was one of modesty, and he himself was very good at refining pills. Even the Heaven Old Divine Race who looked down on humans did not dare look down on him, as they had a very good impression of him.

The shopkeeper took out five pill furnaces and gave it to Chen Xiang, saying, "Is that enough?"

The shopkeeper did not know what Chen Xiang was doing, but he saw that Chen Xiang was very calm and collected, with just a glance, he had that kind of experienced look, and although Zhen Minghui looked full of confidence, he had a kind of excitement.

This was Zhen Minghui’s first time competing, but he was confident that he could win. At this moment, when he thought about how he would be excited when he won, it could be seen that his current state of mind was not the least bit good.

Many of the old fellows here could tell that Chen Xiang was much better than them with a single glance, especially when faced with such a challenge.

"You can begin!" Chen Xiang said after he finished setting up the pill furnace.

The shopkeeper gave him five pill furnaces, which, in addition to his own, was six!

"Alright, let’s begin!" After the shopkeeper announced the start of the auction, Zhen Minghui immediately threw the herbs into the furnace. He looked to be in a hurry, and was extremely excited.

Chen Xiang, on the other hand, very slowly went to inspect the medicinal ingredients. After he was done, he waved his hand and opened the lids of the six pill furnaces, letting them float in the air. Then, he placed the six sets of the medicinal ingredients into six separate pill furnaces.

When everyone saw this, they thought that Chen Xiang did it to save time. After refining one furnace, he would immediately refine another!

"Hmph, I can tell you don’t have much strength with a single glance. You can only play this kind of small trick. This will indeed save a lot of time, but you still won’t be able to win against me." Zhen Minghui said sarcastically.

"That’s all he can do. Right now, he can only rely on his little intelligence. It can be seen that he doesn’t have any real talent." A masked man from the Zhen family also sneered.

Everyone felt that Chen Xiang was very good at this, so what if he was smart? To save time for winning, this was a very normal thing to do.

However, Chen Xiang’s following actions caused everyone to be extremely shocked. Three different types of flames appeared on Chen Xiang’s palms, which overflowed from his palms and entered the six pill furnaces’ fire entrance.

"He can actually control six pill furnaces at the same time. He wants to refine six batches of pills in one go. If he succeeds, he will be able to refine six pills in two hours." An old Alchemist exclaimed.

"If that’s the case, it might be able to make up for it, but... However, to control six pill furnaces within one hour is obviously a little strenuous. If I were to control five pill furnaces, it would take me at least two hours to complete the task. "

"That’s right, isn’t he being a bit too arrogant?"

Everyone listened to the old Alchemist’s soft discussion. They came to the conclusion that it was possible to refine six batches of pills at the same time, but completing it within two hours was too difficult!

Chen Xiang was truly powerful not only in this, he could simultaneously control six batches of pills and make even more of them appear. However, he did not want to reveal the number of pills he had obtained, as he would not be able to take advantage of this.

Therefore, he came up with this method. If he were to use six pill furnaces to refine one pill, he would only be able to refine one pill per furnace.

"He’s desperate." Seeing Chen Xiang controlling six pill furnaces, Zhen Minghui laughed: "It’s only at that level, I thought it was very powerful!"

"It seems that Ming Hui is definitely going to win, there is no doubt about the strength of our Zhen Clan’s genius Alchemist."

"That’s right, the shopkeeper actually looked down on our Zhen Clan’s youngest genius Alchemist."

"This time, we’ll make them convinced of our defeat."

Everyone was secretly looking down on him. Before the results were out, those Zhen Clan people already thought that they had won. They boasted so arrogantly that it made people feel uncomfortable.

Therefore, no matter what the other party said, his heart would not waver. Furthermore, he had also seen Chen Xiang’s calm expression, which showed that even though he had been mocked and ridiculed many times by the other party, it did not affect him in the slightest. He did not speak a word or counterattack.

An hour had passed, and at this time, Zhen Minghui had already successfully refined three batches of sand. At his current speed, he could refine six or even seven batches in two hours.

"Ming Hui, it shouldn’t be difficult to refine seven batches in two hours, right?"

"It’s not difficult!" Zhen Minghui laughed proudly: "It’s a piece of cake!"

Chen Xiang had seen the pills he had refined before, they were of extremely poor quality, and not even a single pill was round. These pills could not be eaten, and would only be sold at a very low price, causing all the Alchemist to look at them with contempt.

An hour had passed and Chen Xiang suddenly opened his eyes. The six flames on his palm had also disappeared.

"Haha, you must have failed!" Zhen Minghui laughed.

"No, I have already forged a cauldron!" After Chen Xiang finished speaking, under everyone’s bewildered gaze, he took out six Strong strength Dan from the six pill furnaces.

When the six Strong strength Dan s were placed in a jade box by him, everyone was so shocked that they couldn’t speak, especially the shopkeeper. Because the quality of Chen Xiang’s six pellets was very good, although he was refining six pellets at the same time, the quality did not decrease.