Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Zhen Minghui, who was just laughing at him, couldn’t laugh anymore. The six Strong strength Dan s that Chen Xiang had just refined were right in front of him, so how could he not see the quality of these six pellets?

The Strong strength Dan that Chen Xiang had refined was much better than those that were sold on the market. Even those who were not familiar with the medicine would be able to tell that.

Zhen Minghui suddenly felt a lot of pressure, there was still an hour left, and if Chen Xiang could concoct another six, it would be twelve of these pills, which he would not be able to compare to.

In order to pursue a faster speed, Zhen Minghui had sacrificed his quality, and the Strong strength Dan he refined had no quality at all. Compared to the ones refined by Chen Xiang, he was the most clear of himself. At this time, he had already clearly understood the difference between Chen Xiang and himself, but he was unwilling to admit defeat.

Right now, they were only competing in the amount of pills produced, not in their quality.

Within the set time, the most they would be able to concoct would be a winner. Zhen Minghui and the others were secretly glad that the rules they had set were suitable for them, if not they might lose.

"The pill this kid refined is really good. Even from a distance, we can see that!" The things that Zhen Minghui refined were just trash, they could not even compare to his, and even if he could win, the disparity would be obvious. "

"Yes!" Unfortunately, his pills are of such high quality, and one pill is enough to take ten of Zhen Minghui’s pills, but Zhen Minghui still won against him. "

"This kind of Strong strength Dan, even selling it for forty thousand Wild source stone wouldn’t be a problem."

The surrounding people were all discussing in low voices. They all felt that this was very unfair to Chen Xiang, because the pills Chen Xiang had refined were very good, but he was about to lose to Zhen Minghui.

Indeed, Chen Xiang had just used an hour and a little bit of time to refine those six batches of pills. Everyone felt that they could not win anymore, because if Chen Xiang wanted to refine more, he would need at least an hour, but there wasn’t enough time right now.

Just when everyone felt that it was a pity, they saw Chen Xiang throwing three medicinal ingredients into the pill furnaces.

When everyone saw this, they were enlightened!

Chen Xiang was refining six batches at the same time, so it would take slightly more than an hour. But he was only refining three batches at the same time, so there should not be a problem for an hour.

No one had thought about this just now, and could not help but admire Chen Xiang’s calculations. This way, they would have a guaranteed victory.

Zhen Minghui secretly clenched his teeth, the pressure was even greater now, because he might very well lose this competition. If he lost, he would have to kneel down and admit his wrongs, it would be a very shameful thing, and they were previously so full of confidence, if he lost in the end, wouldn’t that make them look bad?

Just when Zhen Minghui was feeling nervous, an old man patted his shoulder, as though he was secretly sending a sound transmission to Zhen Minghui. When Chen Xiang saw it, he cursed in his heart.

"These guys are probably going to cheat us." Chen Xiang understood this kind of person very well.

Before, Zhen Minghui was extremely anxious, but now, he had calmed himself down. Everyone was secretly suspecting that the Zhen Clan might have done something bad, as everyone could see what they were thinking at this point of time.

However, if the Zhen family was up to no good, then everyone present would definitely be able to find out that they had done something.

"Manager!" Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to the shopkeeper, "What if they are cheating?"

"Don’t worry. Right now, no one can hide from our eyes. If they are truly able to do so without us discovering them, then that is their ability." The manager said.

This allowed Chen Xiang to heave a sigh of relief. There were quite a few old Alchemist s in the shop, and all of them had their eyes wide open watching the shop.

However, Chen Xiang was still a little worried, so he had to be cautious, otherwise, he would lose to the Zhen Clan in the end.

"What will they do?" Chen Xiang was thinking about this matter, and then, he began to think about how he should leave a trump card in his hands, in order to guarantee that he would be able to successfully defeat Zhen Minghui in the end.

Even if Zhen Minghui were to use tricks, he would still win!

After thinking about it, Chen Xiang decided to do it this way.

"If you win, what benefits will you gain?" Feng Ke’er asked.

If it was only Zhen Minghui kneeling, then this wouldn’t bring much benefit to Chen Xiang, but in order for Chen Xiang to obtain victory, he had to expose his true strength.

"If I win, then this manager will think highly of me. At that time, even if I’m a human, I’ll still have a good relationship with him." Chen Xiang said: "You should be clear that the pill administration here is very strict, but if I build a good relationship with the shopkeeper, it will make it much easier for me, and this will allow me to obtain even more high level arrogant medicine."

Strong strength Dan were only the initial stage of the Primordial Desolate Pill, there were even middle stage higher ranked pills, the quality of those pills were even better.

"That’s true!" Feng Ke’er nodded.

At this time, Chen Xiang planned to display his true strength within the three stoves he had concocted. A total of four pills out of one, which would make twelve pills.

However, if Ye Xiao secretly cheated, it wouldn’t increase the amount of money he could get.

Soon, an hour had passed. Zhen Minghui had already finished his work, and this was his last batch. Previously, he had refined a total of six pills, but if this batch was added, he would only have seven.

"Alright, it really wasn’t easy. In order to win, I had no choice but to use my true strength." Zhen Minghui laughed, then opened the pill furnace and took out six Strong strength Dan s.

To be able to produce six pills in one furnace, everyone was stunned!

"This... This is impossible, how can someone refine six Strong strength Dan s in one go? "

"That’s right. Although the quality is very low, it’s impossible!"

After everyone saw this, they shouted in shock, accusing Zhen Minghui of cheating.

"Why is it impossible? If there are seven or eight Alchemist s in our Zhen Clan, then what is six? It is not strange that Ming Hui was able to obtain the true inheritances of the ancestors. " An elder of the Zhen family said.

Right now, they couldn’t say anything more, because whether or not it was true or false would only be known by the Alchemist s at the side of the store.

The shopkeeper and the store’s Alchemist all walked over to take a look. After carefully inspecting the Strong strength Dan, they all frowned, because these Strong strength Dan seemed to have just been made.

"Shopkeeper, you should know that the Alchemist in our Zhen Clan is able to do this." An elder of the Zhen Family asked.

"Of course I know. Furthermore, the quality is not bad. Eight pills will be produced in one pot." The manager nodded.

"Then you guys tell me, are there any problems with the Strong strength Dan that Ming Hui refined?" The Zhen Family elders looked at the Alchemist s.

They shook their heads. Although they were shaking their heads, they were very dissatisfied in their hearts.Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com