Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Right now, Zhen Minghui only had six pills, adding the six that he had refined previously, it was already twelve pills! And right now, Chen Xiang was only refining three batches of pellets, adding the fact that the last six he had refined were also only nine.

Even if the quality was good, the numbers were still lacking. In the end, they were still going to lose. The rules had already been agreed upon before, so it was hard to blame them.

The shopkeeper shook his head and sighed. They did not expect the Zhen Family to have this kind of trick, and now they were unable to find any evidence that the Zhen Family cheated. If they doubted it, the Zhen Family could find other Alchemist s to appraise it, and the final result would be the same.

"It’s almost two hours, you are bound to lose." On the surface, he was ridiculing Chen Xiang, but in his heart, he was extremely jealous, because the quality of the Strong strength Dan Chen Xiang refined was very good.

Also, he had won disgraced, because the quality of the Strong strength Dan that he produced was extremely poor. Although there were 12 of them, they were not even comparable to the two that Chen Xiang had refined.

In many people’s eyes, even if Chen Xiang lost, but in essence, he won against Zhen Minghui, Zhen Minghui’s level was too lacking, in order to ignore quality, he had no use.

Moreover, for Chen Xiang to be able to balance quality and speed, it was very impressive.

When the Zhen family saw the shopkeeper’s unsightly expression, they were very happy in their hearts. These large families loved to use any means they could to humiliate others with.

The sand in the hourglass had already been leaked out, and everyone just now realized that Chen Xiang was extremely calm. Even though he knew that could refine six Strong strength Dan in one go, it was useless to be affected by it, and he continued to refine pills quietly.

"It’s over. You lost." Zhen Minghui laughed: "Hurry up and admit your mistake!"

Chen Xiang stood up, and laughed: "The one admitting your wrongs is you, moreover, you have to kneel down and admit your wrongs!

With that, he waved his hand and opened the lids of the three pill furnaces. A strong medicinal fragrance wafted out, shocking everyone. Although they did not know how many pills were inside, judging by the medicinal fragrance, it was definitely not little.

The shopkeeper, the Alchemist s and the Zhen family’s elders all rushed forward to take a look, their faces were filled with surprise. Each pill furnace had three Strong strength Dan in it!

There were a total of nine pellets, and they were all of good quality. Adding the six pellets from before, there were fifteen in total, which was more than Zhen Minghui’s twelve pellets.

The outcome had already been decided. Although it was too unbelievable, the result was still acceptable to many people!

"A pot of three pills? That’s impossible!" Zhen Minghui shouted, "You must have cheated!"

"If you can get six pills in a pot, it’s normal for others to get three pills in a pot." The manager said with a smile, "You’ve already lost. Hurry up and admit your mistake!"

The shopkeeper was still very surprised, he was already prepared to lose, and had even thought of saying something when he was ready to admit his wrongs. However, he didn’t expect Chen Xiang to actually have such a reversal, which made him very happy.

He also didn’t know how Chen Xiang managed to do it, and he didn’t plan to ask her about it right now.

"I had no choice. In order to win, I used my true strength." Chen Xiang looked very tired at the moment. He had shown this on purpose, and his true level was four pills per furnace. He had refined three pills per furnace just so that no one would think it was exaggerated.

Zhen Minghui glared at Chen Xiang. He really did not think that Chen Xiang would hold back such a move, his knees were already slightly bent, and in the end, he kneeled on the ground.

"I’m sorry." After saying that, Zhen Minghui stood up quickly and left the shop in a fit of anger. The other elders also left in a fit of rage.

"I’ll go rest first." After Chen Xiang finished, he quickly left the hall of the shop and returned to his small house in the backyard.

... ....

The shopkeeper watched Chen Xiang leave, then hurried to the highest level of the shop and arrived inside a luxurious hall.

"How is the competition?" An old man asked.

"He won. That kid from the Zhen Clan has already kneeled down. This time, the Zhen Clan has lost a lot of face." The shopkeeper laughed: "This Shen Fei brat is truly powerful. Although he looks gentle and refined, his ways of doing things are very shrewd and experienced."

"Tell me the process." An old man with a head full of white hair walked out. He was wearing a set of blood-red clothes, and on the clothes were patterns drawn with golden lines. This pattern was the picture of a dragon.

When the shopkeeper saw the old man walk out, he immediately lowered his head, not daring to look at him directly. Then, he told the old man about Chen Xiang’s refining process.

Looking at the Strong strength Dan that Chen Xiang had refined, he said: "The quality of these pills are very good, moreover, he had only used two hours to refine so many pills. It can be seen that this person’s potential is extremely great, if he were to refine other pills, then the amount he would produce would be even more."

"Yes, he’s not like that brat Zhen Minghui. The Strong strength Dan that Zhen Minghui refined are all trash." The shopkeeper said: "Boss, Zhen Minghui was able to concoct six pills in the end, what was going on? We don’t see how he cheated at all. "

The old man laughed coldly: "The Zhen Clan’s people used a secret technique to directly control Zhen Minghui’s pill refinement, and they can even channel a certain amount of World Defying Stage Fierce Power into Zhen Minghui’s body, which is equivalent to the upper half of his body. In that case, those old fellows must be trying to concoct the pill, because this secret technique is extremely profound, and there’s no need to touch the other party’s body when using it, so you all wouldn’t be able to see it."

"Hmph, they actually dare to use such despicable methods here. I will deal with them sooner or later." Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

The shopkeeper was extremely angry and said, "The Zhen Family is becoming more and more arrogant."

The red-clothed old man said, "Isn’t it because a woman from the Zhen Family can become a woman by the side of the Ancient Emperor? Now, many people no longer care about the Heavenly Ancient Emperor. If he were to be killed one day, the Zhen Clan would be the first to suffer. "

"Oh right, during this period of time, you will not allow Shen Fei to do anything else. Let him rest well, then ask him if he refined any other pills, at that time I will bring him to participate in the Heavenly Pill Assembly. If he can display such abilities, he should be able to obtain a good ranking during the competition."

"But boss ..." He’s a human! " The shopkeeper said softly: "Isn’t it possible for the people of Heaven Old Divine Race to participate in the Heavenly Pill Assembly?"

"My master is a human! There are a lot of humans, and some are very weak, but some are very powerful, especially in the human world. They were born very weak, but in order to become strong, to live forever, and to fight against fate, they have experienced all kinds of difficulties that we cannot even imagine. "

"So, I have never dared to look down on humans, and only those idiots look down on humans! If you knew that our Heaven Old Divine Race was almost annihilated by humans, you definitely wouldn’t believe it. "

The red-clothed old man’s words caused the shopkeeper to tremble. All this time, he had always thought that humans were ants, and even though there were many of them, they were unable to shake their Heaven Old Divine Race.