Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

After Chen Xiang finished resting, he went to the great hall of the shop to find something to do.

When the shopkeeper saw him, he immediately said: "Shen Fei, you don’t have to take missions anymore, rest well!"

"Ah?" Why not? I have already rested well! " Chen Xiang also planned to use this mission to obtain more medicinal herbs.

"This is what the boss instructed me to do..." "Oh right, are you able to refine other Mad Arrogant Pills?" The manager asked.

"No way!" Chen Xiang shook his head: "In the Primordial Violent Pellet, I only know how to refine Strong strength Dan."

"So it’s like that! Take this back and take a look. " The shopkeeper gave Chen Xiang a booklet, which wasn’t very thick. Chen Xiang took it and looked through it, and on it there were some arrogant pills.

"Very useful to me, thank you." Chen Xiang laughed: "Who is the owner of this shop? Why didn’t he show up last time? "

Chen Xiang’s pill refining skills were also very strong, much better than the Alchemist s here. Of course, this was only in terms of refining Strong strength Dan.

"Anyway, as long as he is here, the Zhen Clan would not dare to come knocking." He carefully looked at Chen Xiang, but did not realize that Chen Xiang was especially powerful. Not long ago, his boss had told him that powerful humans were extremely terrifying, and they could even kill Heaven Old Divine Race s easily.

But he had never seen many strong humans, although Chen Xiang was good at concocting pills, he did not seem to be strong.

"So mysterious!" Chen Xiang laughed: "Then I’ll go back and read this book first."

Returning to the small hut, Chen Xiang looked carefully at the contents of the booklet. There were a few dozen pages filled with arrogant pills.

"Beginner’s, intermediate and high rank pills are available, there aren’t many of them, but the effects of these Proud Ape pills are pretty good, it’s more than enough." Chen Xiang said: "There is no description of any medicinal ingredients used to refine it, the pill formula should be in the hands of that boss."

Chen Xiang noted down the contents above and then went to find the shopkeeper.

"Finished all of them?" The shopkeeper said, "Keep it for yourself. It’s not something important."

Chen Xiang had thought that he would have to return the booklet.

"I’ve seen all of them. They are all very useful Arrogant Core. They must be very precious." Chen Xiang said.

"Yes, it is very precious! But the boss knew how to refine, and he also had medicinal ingredients! In this city, the boss is the most powerful Alchemist. " The shopkeeper suddenly said in a low voice, "Follow me!"

After that, he brought Chen Xiang to the highest level of the shop and entered the luxurious little hall.

After entering, Chen Xiang saw a very energetic old man dressed in red sitting on the chair in front.

The old man’s face was filled with dignity, he gave off an invisible pressure, the pair of eyes that were deep like the sea of stars made Chen Xiang unable to look any further, he was indeed an extraordinary person, although Chen Xiang did not know him well.

"Shen Fei?" the old man asked.

"Yes!" Chen Xiang nodded.

"I’m afraid it’s a fake name!" The old man was watching Chen Xiang earlier. Although Chen Xiang’s expression was extremely natural, he could feel that there was an extremely weak fluctuation inside Chen Xiang’s body when he answered.

From this weak fluctuation, Chen Xiang seemed to have lied when he answered.

"Chen Xiang is my real name!" Chen Xiang was a little helpless. He knew that it would be hard for him to hide in front of this kind of people, it was already not bad that no one had discovered the bigger secret on him.

"Manager, you can leave!" The red-clothed old man waved his hand and the shopkeeper immediately left the small hall.

The red-clothed old man said to Chen Xiang: "Sit, it’s a bit natural, I won’t eat you!"

After Chen Xiang sat down, he asked: "Boss, do you know how to refine all the pills in the booklet?"

"Yes, do you want to learn?" The serious face of the red-clothed man revealed a trace of a smile, which surprised Chen Xiang.

He was sure that this strong old man was from Heaven Old Divine Race, but he did not have that bad temper of his. From his point of view, most of the people from Heaven Old Divine Race were like the Zhen family.

"Yes!" Chen Xiang nodded. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Did you just arrive at the Heaven Old Super Realm?" The red-clothed old man asked.

"Yes, Boss, how did you figure it out?" Chen Xiang did not expect to be seen through so quickly, and did not try to hide it.

"Your aura ... I can discern the unique aura of the Heaven Old Super Realm. Although you have some of the aura of the Heaven Old Super Realm s on you, it’s too sparse. Usually, only people who have just arrived in the Heaven Old Super Realm would be so sparse. " The red-clothed old man said: "You shouldn’t be from the Myriad Tao s, right? You should be from the Myriad Tao s!"

In front of this kind of old fellow, he was seen through in an instant. Chen Xiang could only nod his head.

"What is your purpose in coming here? It’s not easy to get here from that place. " The red-clothed old man said with a frown: "Generally speaking, only those who enter the Myriad Tao can go down from above the Myriad Tao, and directly come to this place from there ... With your current strength, it will be difficult for you to do so. "

"I used an array disc to come here." Chen Xiang took out the array disc. The Six Realms mirrors had already copied the array disc, so even if it was taken away by the old man, he did not need to worry.

"It’s something the Heaven Old Imperial Family made!" The red-clothed old man frowned, "I heard that they have a plan to go to the Myriad Tao. I didn’t expect that it would already be carried out.

Chen Xiang’s heart skipped a beat. In such a short period of time, this old man was able to see through many things, which made him admire him. No wonder the shopkeeper was so respectful to him.

"Can you tell me about them? You don’t have to worry, I’m different from them, I treat humans the same. " The red-clothed old man returned the array disc to Chen Xiang.

"We have to start from the Tiangu beast s ..." Chen Xiang also felt that the red-clothed elder in front of him was different from the others. He told him about what happened in the Myriad Tao and concealed what had happened between Zheng profound and Song Yichen.

As the red-clothed old man heard this, he shook his head and smiled, "They’ve underestimated humans. It’s normal for them to suffer such a great loss!"

"I had no choice but to do so. It was them that bullied me too much." Chen Xiang said.

"It’s fine, now that they’ve all died, it’s equivalent to them failing. They won’t be able to send another group of people out for a short period of time." The red-clothed old man said, "Heaven Old Imperial Family doesn’t have much time to do these things right now."

"Boss, how much do you know about Tiangu beast?" Chen Xiang asked.

"They are all sealed in the same place now, but they will come out sooner or later. Tiangu beast was a very powerful race back then, even if they were turned into Tiangu beast, their powers are still there." The red-clothed old man sighed, "If we can’t kill them, when they run out, it will be a disaster for the people of Heaven Old Divine Race."