Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

They had already left the city and were unable to use Communication jade Symbol paper s to relay messages to them. They could only do so within a certain range.

Right now, he also wanted to know the situation of the Tiangu beast. The Tiangu beast were sealed in one area, so Song Yichen and Zheng profound should have already gone to that area to find a way to break the seal.

Chen Xiang had promised them before that he would help them break the seal. Once the seal was broken, they would be able to lead the Tiangu beast army to fight the Heaven Old Divine Race.

"Boss, are you afraid of Tiangu beast?" Chen Xiang asked. Although the boss in front of him was from Heaven Old Divine Race, but he was not bad, and there were not many such people in Heaven Old Divine Race.

Many Heaven Old Divine Race people were still quite hostile towards humans.

"There’s nothing to be afraid of." The red-clothed old man shook his head.

"Boss, you should be good at concocting pills, right?" Chen Xiang asked again, he had heard the shopkeeper say this before.

I’m having a problem right now, and I can’t solve it. "

"What problem?" Chen Xiang was extremely curious, he anxiously asked, the red robed old man was powerful, the pill refining level must be high, Chen Xiang had seen the small manual before, the pill inside could even be refined by the red robed old man.

The red-clothed old man hesitated for a moment and said, "Do you think that this sort of pill has a limited quality?" DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Chen Xiang frequently thought about this issue, because in the many pill refining competitions he had competitions, there were many rules that required quality. In order to win, every time he tried to refine a pill, he would always be able to concoct a pill of a very high quality, and would always surpass his limits.

"No!" Chen Xiang thought about it, then shook his head.

He had the derivation method and the Crash method, he felt that as long as he had enough control, he would be able to continuously create and clash with them. It would continue to circulate, and this way, the quality would continue to grow without limit.

Of course, this was only Chen Xiang’s guess, because he had never tried it before, and it was mainly because he wasn’t strong enough.

If there were conditions, he would try to solve the doubts in his heart and see what would happen if the quality was higher.

"Boss, why did you ask that?" Chen Xiang saw that the red-robed old man was deep in thought.

The red-clothed old man sighed, and said: "My name is Yue Yiran, I have been to Myriad Tao before, and at that time, I also had some private businesses up there, and the guys up there are all very powerful, especially those Alchemist s."

"Oh?" Chen Xiang had also heard of it.

Back then, the Myriad Tao Dan God was able to go up, and it was through alchemy to break through.

"I’ve seen the highest quality pills." Yue Yiran continued: "It’s precisely because I’ve seen pills of this quality before, that’s why I don’t dare to stay on top. I’m worried that one day I will die."

"What do you mean?" Chen Xiang was a little doubtful, but he was also very shocked in his heart. There really was a high quality pellet, what kind of pellet would that be?

"Even though I look strong now, I can’t beat a single pill up there." Yue Yiran laughed at himself.

Since he could not beat a single pill, this made Chen Xiang even more confused!

"Amongst the arrogant pills, just say the initial stage, arrogant pills, do you think you can refine a Strong strength Dan of the highest quality?" Yue Yiran asked.

"No way!" Chen Xiang immediately answered: "I can’t do it with my current strength, but once I’m strong enough, I think it should be possible."

"En, as long as it’s a Alchemist, it’s possible to refine the highest quality Mad Arrogant Pill!" Yue Yiran said: "If you really can refine the highest quality Strong strength Dan, then at that time, what you will see will not be a pellet, but a person!"

"The highest quality Primordial Pill, no matter what rank it is, can turn into a person."

These words shocked Chen Xiang!

He knew that the pill had a spiritual nature, and he could sense it very early on. However, this was the first time he had heard of a pill that could turn into a human!

"This person has his own independent thoughts, but he will be very loyal to you. To put it harshly, he will be your slave, and no matter what, he will be completely loyal to you! "In addition, you have extremely high intelligence and can become your right-hand man."

When Yue Yiran said these words, he was filled with longing. It could be seen that he really wanted to do it!

"If you treat him badly, he will commit suicide. However, he will absolutely not betray you." Yue Yiran said: "I met such a pill spirit back then, and it was very powerful, its power was stronger than mine by a lot, but what shamed me the most is that in terms of pill refining, I actually lost to a pill spirit. You have to know that he was only a pellet, but he was able to defeat me."

Chen Xiang was completely shocked. The pill could turn into a human, and it could also turn into a pill.

"Is this true?" Chen Xiang’s face was full of shock, he did not dare believe it.

"It’s true. I’ve never told this to anyone else." Yue Yiran said: "Ever since I came down from above, I have been bitterly searching for a way to refine a pill into a pill spirit, but I could not succeed no matter what."

"Only the ’Arrogant World Pill’ can do it. The other grades of the pill are not, because once the other grades reach a certain level of quality, it will be the ’Arrogant World Pill’!"

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "If the low levelled pills were to continuously increase in quality, then it would indeed raise one’s grade. If it is to be raised to the level of the Primordial Desolate Pill, who knows how long it would take, I might as well just start with the Pride Pill."

"Yes, under the level of the Arrogant Core, no matter what rank it is, it will eventually become an initial level Arrogant Core." Yue Yiran nodded his head: "Seems like you are also knowledgeable in this area!"

"Can the initial level ’Arrogant Core’ become an intermediate level ’Arrogant Core’?" Chen Xiang asked. From Yue Yiran’s tone earlier, it seemed that it was not possible.

"No!" "The highest quality of the Initial Stage of the Arrogant Core would be able to transform into a human, while the Intermediate Stage of the Arrogant Core would become even stronger, the Arrogant Core would be different from the others." Yue Yiran said.

Chen Xiang was considering whether he should try to use this method, but he felt that his strength was far from enough, at the very least, he should be able to train to World Defying crazy realm.

"Is elixir spirits really that powerful?" Chen Xiang still could not believe it, because he had never seen it with his own eyes.

"Mm, you won’t believe it even more if I tell you the most powerful part." Yue Yiran said, "The most amazing thing about a pill’s spirit is that it can quickly produce pills ... If the Strong strength Dan can become a human, it only needs to absorb the energy between heaven and earth and it can quickly condense pellets. It will not be a problem to refine a few hundred pellets per day, but after that, your Strong strength Dan will be able to form an endless stream and will be able to eat until you puke. "

The corner of Chen Xiang’s mouth twitched. If it’s really possible, then wouldn’t it be defying the heavens’ will? Strong strength Dan s could create many strong warriors!