Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

Chen Xiang had refined it for such a long time, he had no idea how long it would take for him to succeed, he even felt that it would be impossible for him to succeed.

"Alright, let’s continue!" Chen Xiang rested for a moment, then suddenly began again. Fortunately the Mei Jing Sisters was able to provide him and Feng Ke’er with an endless flow of power for regeneration, otherwise it would have been impossible for them to progress to such a stage.

Although they did not know if it would succeed, Chen Xiang and Feng Ke’er did not give up. After all, they had persisted till here, if they were to give up, all the hard work they had gone through would be for naught.

"You’ll definitely succeed. Even if you can’t refine a pill spirit, you’ll still be able to obtain a high quality Strong strength Dan. After you eat it, you’ll be able to step into the World Defying crazy realm. Feng Ke’er said, she said that to motivate Shen Shixiang, to prevent Chen Xiang from having a negative attitude.

"En, I will persevere. Little girl, you haven’t given up yet, how can I give up?" Chen Xiang laughed, Feng Ke’er had used a lot of strength, it was not easy for her to release the sealing power, but she did not feel impatient, on the contrary, she was still looking forward to the results.

If Chen Xiang gave up, this would definitely affect Feng Ke’er. She put in so much effort.

Following that, Chen Xiang and Feng Ke’er continued to work together to refine Strong strength Dan.

Chen Xiang was now even more proficient in using the derivation method. After all, he had gone through dozens of rounds of the same medicinal ingredients consecutively, and there were still many more rounds to go.

Very quickly, the two months outside had passed, and Chen Xiang had been inside the Time Domain for almost sixty months.

He had already forgotten about the Heavenly Pill Assembly, even if he remembered, he did not have the time to go.

But now, he had stopped, mainly because he was unable to continue producing the Medicine crystal inside the pill furnace!

"What’s going on? There’s actually no way to proceed with the derivation." Chen Xiang said in surprise. He tried for a few hours, but nothing happened.

"It has already been 105 rounds. Could it be that it has already reached its peak?" Feng Ke’er said somewhat excitedly.

"It could be, then let’s try and see if we can condense the core." Chen Xiang was also very surprised, it could not be derived any further, maybe it was because his quality had reached the limit.

Feng Ke’er and Chen Xiang immediately teamed up, compressing the snow-white crystal inside the Tianchuang furnace, intending to condense it into a pellet. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

The process of condensing the pellet was extremely difficult. Fortunately Feng Ke’er was able to control the Six Realms mirrors and allowed it to release a very strong sealing force, so Chen Xiang was able to use those World Defying mad source bead s too.

The formation inside the Six Realms mirrors continued to devour the large amount of World Defying Stage Fierce Power s to operate the sealing formation. The sealing power that was released kept on shrinking the large crystal and it kept on releasing bright light, as if it would explode at any time.

As time passed, the large crystal became smaller and smaller, and all the World Defying mad source bead that he had obtained previously were used up.

"It stopped?" Chen Xiang saw that the ball of light emitting from the crystal suddenly dimmed, and said anxiously.

"Yes!" Feng Ke’er said: "It’s impossible to continue anymore, it’s already stabilized."

Feng Ke’er had already removed the seal’s power, and the ball of crystal was extremely exquisite, unlike the previous time when it released another light.

This circular crystal was very big, about the size of a fist. It was not the size of a pill, but it was much bigger than a normal pill.

"We failed!" Chen Xiang sighed helplessly, "The pill spirit did not appear!"

Feng Ke’er ran out from You Yao Mountain Villa and said: "I’ll open it and take a look!"

She opened the Tianchuang furnace’s lid and retrieved the crystal core from inside. Her two small hands held onto it tightly, afraid that she would run away.

"At least you still have the high quality Strong strength Dan’s medicine." Feng Ke’er laughed helplessly.

’Could it be that I haven’t reached the pinnacle of this method of refinement? ’ Chen Xiang caught it. Just as he was about to touch the crystal, it suddenly trembled.

Seeing that, Feng Ke’er anxiously shouted: "Move!"

"I saw it!" Chen Xiang also felt that it was strange. At this time, the crystal ball was still shaking in his hands, releasing a kind of energy waves while shaking, creating a light breeze.

When the gentle breeze blew over, Chen Xiang and Feng Ke’er felt a strange sensation.

"It’s the power of life!" Feng Ke’er exclaimed. "Could it be that he’s already nearing success?"

"Are you going to drip blood?" After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he took out the Heavenly magic sword and cut his own finger, then dripped a drop of blood on it.

After dripping blood, the blood easily seeped into the crystal. The originally transparent crystal had now turned blood-red.

The blood that Chen Xiang dropped into was flowing as if it was circulating.

"Continue!" Feng Ke’er shouted.

Chen Xiang pressed the part of his finger that was cut onto the crystal, and could only feel blood continuously gushing towards the crystal, quickly being absorbed by it.

During the bleeding period, Chen Xiang asked the Mei Jing Sisters to help him recover. Otherwise, according to the speed at which the crystal was devouring his blood, he would have become a dry human by now.

"It stopped!" Chen Xiang looked at the blood-red crystal in his palm. This crystal was currently trembling slightly, making Chen Xiang feel as if he was holding a heart.

"Do we have to wait?" Feng Ke’er asked: "Why don’t we ask that boss, he should have a better understanding of this."

"Should I tell him that I am currently refining a pill spirit?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Not now!" Feng Ke’er thought for a while, then said: "You can leave now, you have been in closed door cultivation for a long time."

Chen Xiang carefully placed the gem into a place inside the You Yao Mountain Villa for Feng Ke’er to see.

After walking out of the hut, Chen Xiang saw the shopkeeper running over anxiously.

"You finally came out of seclusion ..." "But I’ve been waiting for you for a long time." The shopkeeper hurriedly said, "The boss has already gone to participate in the Heavenly Pill Assembly. It will only take five days. If you go now, you should be able to make it in time."

Right now, even if Chen Xiang did not want to, he had to go, because he wanted to find Yue Yiran and ask him about the matters before the birth of the Pill Spirit. He had toiled for so many days, but he did not know if it had succeeded or not. He did not wish for his hard work to go down the drain, as Chen Xiang did not want the shopkeeper to know that the location of the Heavenly Pill Assembly would be in a manor.

"Let’s go now. If we’re fast, we should be able to make it before it starts." The manager said.

Chen Xiang nodded his head and then left the city, teleporting towards the Villa’s location. He wanted to find a place that he was familiar with, and if there was a need for a competition, he might have to make some preparations.

These days, he had been intending to refine other arrogant pills, but he had made the decision on the spur of the moment to do so, so he didn’t manage to refine any other arrogant pills.