Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Pure Text Online Read Local Domain Name Mobile Phone Synchronous Read Please Visit

After Chen Xiang arrived at this nameless villa, he could only wait outside. He could not enter directly, he needed to be notified by the guards.

Previously, the shopkeeper had told him that if he were to come to the entrance of this villa, he would have to tell the gatekeeper that he was looking for Yue Yiran. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Chen Xiang had to wait for more than an hour before he saw Yue Yiran walking out quickly.

"You finally came. I thought you wouldn’t come." Yue Yiran laughed: "It’s good that you can come!"

After that, Yue Yiran brought Chen Xiang into the villa.

The interior of the villa was very big, the entire villa was enveloped by a powerful array, if one wanted to barge in, it would not be easy, Chen Xiang had already tried to enter from the outside, and even if he used the Time and space power, it would be very difficult to enter.

"Boss, this villa is really amazing. The person who built this villa is very strong!" Chen Xiang said, "Especially the formations protecting the Villa; each and every one of them is extremely terrifying."

Chen Xiang was still a little excited in his heart. The formations here were extremely useful to him, as to be able to restrict people like him who knew how to use the Time and space power to enter. He planned to use the Six Realms mirrors to replicate the powerful formations in the evening when he had the chance to do so.

"Of course. The master of the villa is also a Alchemist. Otherwise, he would not have held such a large assembly." Yue Yiran laughed as he brought Chen Xiang to his residence.

Yue Yiran was a big shot here, so he came to this villa as guests. His villa’s living space was extremely luxurious, and it was a very big mansion.

"Why doesn’t this villa have a name?!" Chen Xiang stood at the entrance for a long time, but still did not see what the Villa’s name was.

"Yes, there is no name, but we all call it Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa in private." Yue Yiran said: "Every once in a while, Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa will invite the Alchemist to gather here, and at the same time, invite a few juniors to compare notes on concocting pills."

"So that’s how it is." Chen Xiang looked out the window at the mountain in the distance and asked: "What will the competition be like this time? I’m not ready yet! "

"Not ready? What have you been doing in seclusion for the past few months? " Yue Yiran felt that it was a little strange, and laughed: "Could he be sleeping!"

Chen Xiang shook his head, he had previously discussed with Feng Ke’er and was temporarily not going to tell him about him refining the pill spirit, but now, he suddenly wanted to tell Yue Yiran about it.

Seeing that Chen Xiang was not willing to answer, Yue Yiran did not force him and said: "The competition is not very important, but if we win, there will be rich rewards, maybe you will not be interested in the rewards, but during the competition, I can let you improve, so this is a good opportunity."

"How powerful is the owner of this villa? "Is he stronger than you?" To be able to invite an outstanding Alchemist of the Heaven Old Super Realm to participate in this kind of gathering, it showed that the master of the Villa was definitely very strong.

"Yes, and he seems to know some things about alchemy. I haven’t discussed this with him in detail for now, but he’s very busy right now. I’ve been here for two months and I haven’t had a chance to talk to him alone." Yue Yiran said: "Every time I see him, I’m with a large group of people. It’s not convenient to discuss this sort of thing."

Chen Xiang nodded his head, "Indeed, the less people know about the pill spirit, the better."

Yue Yiran shook his head: "That’s what I thought before, but now ... "I’ve heard quite a lot of things these days, there are actually quite a few old fellows who already know about the pill spirit, I wonder where they heard about it from."

"We must find out how they found out about the Elixir." Chen Xiang anxiously asked: "Did any of them go to Myriad Tao before?"

"It should be, but even if we go to Myriad Tao s, we should not have the chance to know about this." Yue Yiran was also very suspicious about this, "I think there’s only one possibility!"

Chen Xiang didn’t know how he could ask Yue Yiran about the details of the pill spirit either, unless he told him what had happened.

At this time, Yue Yiran looked like a pretty good person from the Heaven Old Divine Race, treating him almost like an elder. She didn’t give him any face, and was even very friendly, a person that could be trusted, but Chen Xiang was still a little worried.

"What possibility?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I think the owner of this villa told them!" Yue Yiran frowned slightly, and took a sip of tea: "Because he had also been to the Myriad Tao before, so he naturally knows about this matter ... Furthermore, I heard that the master of the Villa would reveal something at the beginning of the Heavenly Pill Assembly, and it is said that it is extremely shocking! "

Chen Xiang’s brows twitched, and said anxiously: "Could it be that he wants to reveal the pill spirit he refined?"

Yue Yiran nodded and said: "Yes, this guy likes to show off. I think it’s possible! Of course, I’m only guessing now, hah ... "

Yue Yiran’s mood did not seem to be very good, because the owner of the villa had refined his pill spirit earlier than him. Although he was not completely sure about it at the moment, Yue Yiran was very unhappy as he thought of this matter.

"Boss, don’t you have a direction now?" Chen Xiang laughed: "As long as you have time, you will also succeed."

"That’s right!" Yue Yiran laughed, Chen Xiang had previously told him that using the seal could succeed, and he had already sent people to help him refine the array disc. As long as he finished refining, he could start to experiment.

couldn’t be sure before, but he had already refined it before, so he was very sure now that he could use the power of the seal to compress the Medicine crystal. If Yue Yiran’s formation plate was good enough, he would definitely succeed.

Yue Yiran was a strong World Defying crazy realm Ranker. He was strong enough to maintain the flow of the array disc, so he would definitely be able to hold on until the end.

When the time comes, just follow behind me and try not to make too much noise. You should know the attitude that the people of Heaven Old Divine Race have towards human beings. Yue Yiran said.

"Un, I understand!" Chen Xiang treated him really well, at least he was not rejected like the other Heaven Old Divine Race people.

At this moment, someone knocked on the door.

Yue Yiran stood up to open the door.

"Mr. Yue, the manor lord has some important matters to attend to. Please meet with the manor lord before sunset." The person who spoke was a middle-aged man, most likely someone sent by the manor lord.

"Alright, can you bring someone with you?" Yue Yiran asked.

"Sure!" The middle-aged man looked at the sky and said, "It would be best if we could arrive before sunset. The manor lord does not like it that people are late."

"Don’t worry, I will definitely arrive on time." After Yue Yiran finished speaking, the middle aged man left in a hurry.

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]