Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Pure Text Online Read Local Domain Name Mobile Phone Synchronous Read Please Visit

Yue Yiran was a little angry, he did not refute them, and only looked at the pill spirit quietly. The Huakuan Dan was a middle ranked Primordial Pill, it could be considered rather expensive, even the older Alchemist knew how to refine it, the ingredients were the more expensive, because it took a long time to grow.

When the manor lord saw that everyone was looking at him with looks of admiration, he became very proud of himself. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Let’s call it a day. When I get the chance, I’ll show everyone how amazing I am. I just concocted it not too long ago, so I’m still not familiar with it yet. When I’m familiar with it, I’ll definitely share it with everyone." The manor lord laughed and said, "In a few more days, the Heavenly Pill Assembly will begin. This will also motivate the younger generation, giving them an example."

Yue Yiran was the first to leave. If he did not have to participate in the Heavenly Core Conference with Chen Xiang, he would have immediately left this place. He thought that he would be the first one to refine a pill spirit in the Heaven Old Super Realm, but who knew that there was someone who did so earlier than him?

After going back, Yue Yiran gasped for breath.

"This is so infuriating. These people are actually using this matter to mock and ridicule me. It’s not like they were the ones who created the elixir. These bastards, sooner or later, I will definitely teach them the consequences of offending me." Yue Yiran said angrily: "This Villa Master is too much, he clearly wants to show off in front of us, to make me lose face."

"But the owner doesn’t look like that kind of person!" Chen Xiang said.

This guy is considered my junior, now that his pill techniques have surpassed mine, he definitely has to show off a bit. Now, he is Heaven Old Super Realm’s number one. Yue Yiran scoffed, "Isn’t this guy relying on his own good pill refining conditions?"

"What condition?" Chen Xiang asked, the manor lord looked to be just like that.

"His background is very bizarre. Not long after he was born, he had a large number of inheritances related to refining pills. That’s why he started refining pills when he was young." Yue Yiran said, "When he was born, I was already very famous."

"What are his parents?" Chen Xiang asked, most of the reason that the manor lord was able to refine a pill spirit was because of his parents’ pill refining legacy.

"I don’t know. It might be above Myriad Tao." Yue Yiran shook his head: "Anyway, this Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa of his has existed for many years, and even the Heaven Old Imperial Family has to give him face, you can imagine."

Chen Xiang had also just seen the prince of Heaven Old Imperial Family.

"Since this master of the Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa is able to refine a pill, he must be valued even more by the Heaven Old Imperial Family. This Huakuan Dan’s pill spirit should be able to produce a large amount of Huakuan Dan. This is too scary." Chen Xiang said, he also knew about Huakuan Dan, Yue Yiran knew how to refine this kind of pill, Chen Xiang had seen this before from the small booklet.

"Yes, Heaven Old Imperial Family has always known that this Villa Master is very strong and treats him very well. He will definitely think of a way to cooperate with this Villa Master." Yue Yiran nodded his head: "Huakuan Dan are few in number, there are not many Alchemist that can be refined, and older Alchemist like us disdain to refine it, which is why we are lacking this type of pill."

The middle stage Proud Pellets were relatively fewer, the old Alchemist disdained refining them, and the other Alchemist s did not have that level of pills either. Furthermore, the demand for this level of Proud Pellet was also very high, because it was very suitable for the middle stage of the World Defying crazy realm.

To pass through the middle stage of the World Defying crazy realm quickly, one would need a middle stage Arrogant Core, so the middle stage Arrogant Core was extremely important!

"Seems like he can still refine a few more elixirs. When that happens, it would be unimaginable!" Yue Yiran said: "Looks like I have to work harder now, I cannot be underestimated by this guy."

"Boss, you will definitely succeed." Chen Xiang was currently considering whether he should tell Yue Yiran about him refining the pill.

After considering it for a while, Chen Xiang finally decided to tell Yue Yiran about this matter. It was because he didn’t know what was wrong with his pill spirit, causing it to fail.

"Boss, do you know what I’ve been doing for the past few months?" Chen Xiang asked with a serious expression.

"What are you doing?" Although Yue Yiran was curious, he did not inquire about it. At that time, Chen Xiang had only told him that he had not concocted any other pills.

"I am refining a Strong strength Dan ... "The highest quality Strong strength Dan," Chen Xiang said.

When Yue Yiran heard it, he was extremely shocked. "You’re going to start refining now?"

Chen Xiang nodded.

"But... Your current strength is limited! " Yue Yiran was in disbelief: "Then what’s the result?"

Chen Xiang shook his head and sighed, then took out the blood red crystal.

The crystal was originally white, but after absorbing his blood, it turned red.

"That’s the end!" The round crystal in Chen Xiang’s palm was shaking like a beating heart.

"This ..." When Yue Yiran saw it, he almost popped out his old eyes.

How could he not see what this crystal meant!

"This is the highest quality Strong strength Dan!" Yue Yiran could feel an aura that was unique to the highest quality, just like the Pill Spirit that Heavenly Dan Landlord had displayed previously.

"What am I doing now? Have I succeeded? " Chen Xiang was extremely helpless towards this.

"It can be considered as a success, but..." It’s just that I haven’t become a human! " Yue Yiran took it and looked at it carefully, then shook his head: "I don’t know the reason right now, but can you stay here and watch it for a few days, I’ll help you find the reason."

"Of course you can!" Chen Xiang also needed a pill spirit now. If a Strong strength Dan spirit appeared, he would be able to obtain a large number of Strong strength Dan without even refining.

"I will study it carefully now. Before the Heavenly Pill Assembly begins, I will come and find you." Yue Yiran said as he hurriedly entered the secret room.

When Chen Xiang returned to his room, he asked: "You trust him that much!"

"I am very confident in my judgement. This boss is not from the Heaven Old Divine Race." Chen Xiang laughed: "I think he is the same as Chen Cai, maybe he was born from the combination of humans and the people of Heaven Old Divine Race, it’s just that he hid it well, and was not discovered."

"This is just your guess." Feng Ke’er said: "I hope that he can help you. When the time comes, we can quickly obtain a pill spirit.

"It will definitely succeed. It’s just a matter of time."

Chen Xiang and him had worked hard for a long time, so they naturally hoped that it would succeed.

These few days of waiting made them feel that it had been a long time, and tomorrow was the start of the Heavenly Pellet Assembly. Chen Xiang did not even put this matter in his heart, he was waiting for Yue Yiran to come out.

It was only at night that Yue Yiran ran out of the secret room in a hurry, his face filled with joy!

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]