Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang who was in the hall saw Yue Yiran coming out, and suddenly stood up and walked over. More recent chapter access: w.

"Boss, did you find anything?"

Yue Yiran took out the blood-red colored medicinal crystal and said: "Look at the center of the interior!"

"This is ..." Chen Xiang moved closer to take a closer look, and said: "Isn’t this a very small fetus?"

"Yes, this is a baby!" Yue Yiran said: "These few days, I have been sending in a large amount of life force nonstop, and that’s what I was able to nurture."

"So it turns out that it’s about how to refine it." Chen Xiang took the crystal and said: "Then what happens next? Should I continue channeling life force into it? "

"En, it is still being delivered non-stop until the baby wakes up." Yue Yiran said.

"Boss, have you refined it to this stage before?" "How do you know that?" Chen Xiang was very curious about this, even though he only knew about the pill spirit from the Myriad Tao, he did not know the specific refining process, right?

"I know a little about it!" Yue Yiran said: "After the baby inside the medicine crystal wakes up, it will immediately consume the medicine and quickly grow. After that, you don’t need to care about it anymore, when he grows up, you just need to pass on some memories to him ... That’s fine, he can just transfer the teachings to him, he can learn on his own. "

"It’s really amazing!" Chen Xiang said.

"You are the one who is miraculous. You can concoct a pill spirit right after entering the sect. How did you concoct it?" Yue Yiran was extremely curious about Chen Xiang’s alchemy skills.

"The derivation I used ..." Chen Xiang said.

"Derivative method?" I also use the derivation method. Who did you learn your derivation method from? " Yue Yiran was shocked: "You actually know how to use the derivation method too!"

"I learned it from Myriad Tao Dan God." Chen Xiang said: "As for who taught him, I don’t know. In short, he has already lost, and I have never seen him before ..." Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Chen Xiang told Yue Yiran about the inheritance left behind by the Myriad Tao Dan God.

"I’ve heard of this person as well. I didn’t expect him to be using a derivation technique. He is indeed dead, what a pity!" Yue Yiran sighed: "I didn’t learn my derivation method from him."

"From whom?" Chen Xiang asked again.

"His name is Wang Dao!" Yue Yiran’s words stunned him.

"Old Wang!" Chen Xiang did not expect this.

Wang Dao, this Half-ghost Old Man is a very mysterious guy, and unexpectedly, he is Yue Yiran’s master.

"You know him too!" Yue Yiran was just as surprised as Chen Xiang at the moment!

"Yes, but not too well." Chen Xiang nodded, and then told Yue Yiran about the matter regarding Wang Dao.

"Right now, he is indeed in a bit of a predicament in Myriad Tao." Yue Yiran nodded his head: "But he doesn’t need my help. He can be considered my master."

"Oh right, you still haven’t told me how you refined it! I also use derivation. " Yue Yiran laughed: "Let’s not talk about those first."

"I used an array disc to release the sealing power." Chen Xiang took out his Six Realms mirrors.

Yue Yiran looked at it, then nodded: "So that’s how it is, but... But with your current cultivation level, you should not have enough World Defying Stage Fierce Power to maintain the formation plate and release the sealing power! "

"I used the World Defying mad source bead, I got a few before, and only after using them all did I succeed." Chen Xiang sighed helplessly: "My cultivation right now is too low, I can’t sustain consumption."

"But he’s also very powerful!" Yue Yiran really admired Chen Xiang, because he did not succeed, but this brat, Chen Xiang, who did not even reach the World Defying crazy realm, did.

If the Heaven Old Imperial Family finds out about this, they would definitely make a move on you. They are different from me, if they were to know that a human like you can refine a powerful Elixir Spirit, they would definitely destroy you or enslave you. " Yue Yiran warned repeatedly, "Take this medicinal crystal back and raise it yourself. It’s already nearing success."

"En!" Chen Xiang nodded his head, "We will be participating in the Heavenly Core Conference tomorrow. Are there any competitions?"

"Yes!" Yue Yiran said: "I’ve already helped you register. Of course, if you don’t want to go, you can also go."

A few days ago, Yue Yiran had seen many people mocking and ridiculing Chen Xiang. If Chen Xiang did not go, he would not have heard these rumors.

He also knew that Chen Xiang wouldn’t care about all this. With Chen Xiang’s current ability to refine a pill spirit, a Alchemist at this level would be enough to be proud and have an extremely powerful heart.

Chen Xiang took the crystal core and returned to his room, then he handed it over to the Mei Jing Sisters.

"You can control the power of life and pour it into the crystal." Chen Xiang reminded Mei Jing Sisters, it was most suitable for them to nurture the crystal. The crystal was refined using his blood, so it would definitely be loyal to him in the end.

Right now, Chen Xiang was looking forward to the moment when his Pill Spirit grows up.

"This way, I can have a large number of Strong strength Dan! We can all quickly become stronger. " Feng Ke’er laughed: "These Heaven Old Divine Race people will all be scum in our eyes then."

"Tomorrow is the Heavenly Pill Assembly, go and join in the fun, winning or losing is not important to me." Chen Xiang was only there to increase his experience, the Alchemist here mainly refined Mad Arrogance Pills.

Right now, he understood Strong strength Dan the best.

... ....

At dawn, when Chen Xiang walked out of his room, he saw Yue Yiran waiting for him in the hall.

"It doesn’t matter if you don’t go now, you’re already strong enough." Yue Yiran said: "Even though your current cultivation is not high, your pill refining skills are considered outstanding amongst your peers."

"Since everyone is here, of course we have to join in on the fun!" Actually, I want to let these arrogant Heaven Old Divine Race people see, us humans are not inferior to them. " Chen Xiang laughed.

"Alright, then let’s go!" Yue Yiran’s strength could still be considered strong, so he did not need to worry that someone else might attack Chen Xiang.

The starting point of the Heavenly Pill Assembly was at the huge plaza at the entrance of Heavenly Dan Landlord’s mansion. A few days ago, this Heavenly Dan Landlord had announced that he had refined a pill spirit.

When Chen Xiang and Yue Yiran arrived, they realized that they had come too early and the sky had only just started to brighten.

"Brother Yue, you’re really early!" When Heavenly Dan Landlord arrived, he chuckled and waved to the blue-clothed man behind him. It was the pill spirit that he had refined.

"This is a Huakuan Dan refined from my Elixir. Take a look, what’s its quality?" Heavenly Dan Landlord had a complacent smile on his face, causing Yue Yiran to feel extremely unhappy.

Yue Yiran took the pellet and looked at it, then said: "The quality is very good. As expected of a pellet refined from a pellet spirit ... "Oh right, he shouldn’t need to refine it, right? He should be able to condense it directly!" Previous Chapter Next Chapter