Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Heavenly Dan Landlord laughed out loud: "Brother Yue is truly knowledgeable, indeed so. My pill spirit does not need the medicine from the Huakuan Dan, I can directly condense a Huakuan Dan from the World Defying Stage Fierce Power that is unique to my body. More recent chapter access: w. "

"How long does it take for him to condense a Huakuan Dan?" Yue Yiran knew that the Heavenly Dan Landlord was showing off. Although he was a little unhappy, this allowed him to take the chance to understand more about alchemy, which was a pretty good thing.

"Two pills in two hours!" Heavenly Dan Landlord ate the Huakuan Dan and praised: "This Huakuan Dan is really high quality, even better than the ones I made myself!"

Yue Yiran snorted in his heart, and continued to curse.

"Right, is this human brat going to participate in the Heavenly Pill Assembly and represent your shop for the competition?" Heavenly Dan Landlord asked.

"Yes!" said. Right now, he really hoped that Chen Xiang could perform well in the Heavenly Pill Assembly, and it would be best if he could get first place. This would at least make him feel better.

"Not bad, being able to defeat Zhen Minghui is indeed something, but if he wants to shine in this Heavenly Pill Assembly, it will be very difficult." Heavenly Dan Landlord shook his head and sighed: "The rewards for this Heavenly Pill Assembly are very generous." Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"How rich?" Yue Yiran asked anxiously.

I will announce it after a while, but I have to tell you, the people from Heaven Old Imperial Family are here too, and other than them, there are also the young elites from the Medicinal Families. Yue Yiran chuckled, then patted the shoulder of the blue-clothed Core Spirit and laughed, "My treasure will also participate. He can be considered a young man, so this is permitted."

Yue Yiran cursed a few more times in his heart. Allowing a pill spirit to participate, this was simply not fair.

The Heavenly Pill Assembly was organized by the Heavenly Dan Landlord, and the rewards were set by him. This way, as long as his pill spirit could win, his rewards would return to him. This was too shameless, no wonder he took out such a generous reward.

"You worked so hard to make a pill spirit, you really should have let him show off. Otherwise, others wouldn’t know that you invested so much into it." Yue Yiran laughed: "But your pill spirit is still a little weak, I think you should let him train properly in the future."

"Brother Yue, you don’t have to worry ... When the others come, I will go and greet them, especially Heaven Old Imperial Family. If we slow them down, they will not be happy. " Heavenly Dan Landlord hastily walked over.

Yue Yiran groaned in a low voice, then sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang: "The best would be to defeat that Pill Spirit, and let him know how powerful you are ... This guy used to call me Elder Yue, but now he’s calling me Brother Yue! "

"To be defeated by a pill spirit ... This is a very interesting thing. " Chen Xiang laughed: "I’ll try!"

Many talented young Heaven Old Divine Race s had already arrived. Although they had not stepped into the World Defying crazy realm, they had all grown up in great powers, and after undergoing careful nurturing, their strength was still much higher than ordinary Alchemist s.

"Alright, since everyone is here, let me announce the rewards for this competition." "Only one." Heavenly Dan Landlord shouted, "The reward is to obtain a pill spirit!"

When everyone heard it, they couldn’t believe it, especially Yue Yiran!

"Isn’t the pill spirit absolutely loyal to its master? How can you give it to someone else? " a man asked.

"The pill spirit that I’m talking about isn’t the one beside me." Then, he took out a transparent crystal. This crystal was as big as the one Chen Xiang had refined.

"This is the half finished product I’ve made. As long as you put your blood into it and infuse it with your life force, you will be able to form a baby. When the life force is sufficient, this baby will awaken and he will be able to consume the energy of the crystal and cultivate by himself. When he grows up, it will be your own spirit pill." Heavenly Dan Landlord said in high spirits: "I refined this pill spirit too. The quality is guaranteed, you can rest assured!"

"What pill is that?" An old man asked.

"Huakuan Dan, at the moment, I only know how to refine the pill spirit of Huakuan Dan, sigh ... That’s all I have. " Heavenly Dan Landlord intentionally laughed at himself.

Everyone cursed silently. It was impressive for him to have this level of skill by pretending to be here. Clearly, he was mocking the other Alchemist s here, but they couldn’t even reach this level.

The elixir spirits of Huakuan Dan sounded extremely enticing!

Chen Xiang was already moved, he knew that it would not be easy to obtain them, because the reason the Heavenly Dan Landlord allowed his pill spirit to participate was obviously because he did not want to give out the rewards.

The reason why he took out the incomplete pill as a reward was to show off. To let more people know that it wasn’t a coincidence that he made the pill and that the pill was not important in his eyes, that was why he took it out as a reward.

Yue Yiran had told Chen Xiang before that this Heavenly Dan Landlord loved to show off, and it was not bad!

"Everyone, quiet!" Yue Yiran saw that everyone was discussing enthusiastically and shouted loudly. After everyone quieted down, he said: "This reward is extremely precious, so it’s not that easy to obtain. It’s because my pill spirit is also participating, and he knows how to refine pills.

Everyone immediately started to curse in their hearts. This was indeed deceitful, no wonder the Heavenly Dan Landlord was so generous, he had actually also allowed his pill spirit to participate, and now everyone knew that his pill spirit was truly amazing ... If he were to refine a Huakuan Dan, he would not even need to refine it.

There were many outstanding young Alchemist here, but no one dared to guarantee that they could defeat that Pill Spirit.

"If there are no more objections, then let’s begin." Seeing everyone’s expression, Heavenly Dan Landlord was very satisfied, he wanted this kind of effect. Everyone now knew that he had a pill spirit and that there were many of them. This would make him even more prestigious in the Heaven Old Super Realm.

Before, Yue Yiran was still his elder generation, but now, he was brothers with Yue Yiran. Not long later, he might even start to look down on Yue Yiran.

"Chen Xiang, are you confident?" Yue Yiran asked: "If we can obtain his incomplete pill spirit, I might be able to find out what method he used to refine it, it would be beneficial to us."

"Before this reward was announced, I did not have much confidence. However, after receiving this reward, I immediately became filled with confidence." Chen Xiang replied to Yue Yiran with a smile.

This was a very rare opportunity, he did not need to refine it himself to be able to obtain the Huakuan Dan’s Elixir!

The biggest use of Huakuan Dan was to allow people to step into the World Defying crazy realm, and then steadily improve within it, consolidating their foundation.