Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

When Heavenly Dan Landlord saw that everyone was looking forward to the competition, he was also very happy. With so many geniuses gathered here, if they lost to his pill spirit, then he would be able to ridicule them to his heart’s content. The updates were quick.

So many geniuses couldn’t even match up to a single pill that he concocted.

"Everyone, the competition was delayed for two hours due to a small problem. This way, everyone would have more time to prepare." Heavenly Dan Landlord suddenly said, and then took the pill spirit and left in a hurry, no one knew what urgent matter he encountered.

After the Heavenly Dan Landlord left, everyone started to complain again. They were originally going to start, but then they actually started to delay.

"Regardless of him, I’ll try refining it now!" Chen Xiang said: "Boss, do you have the Huakuan Dan’s medicine ingredients?"

"Of course there is. Are you going to refine it now?" Yue Yiran was a little shocked, it was not good to start learning now, if the energy consumption during refining was too high, it would affect his condition.

"Yes!" Chen Xiang nodded his head, because he had never refined a Huakuan Dan before, and there was still time for him to do it now, so he could take advantage of the time to familiarize himself with it.

This competition was very important to Chen Xiang as long as he won it, he would be able to obtain his core spirit.

He wasn’t the only one who wanted it. Everyone here had thought of it as well.

Yue Yiran gave Chen Xiang three leaves and said: "This is called the Wild God’s leaf, it’s a leaf from the Wild God Tree. Usually, it only requires three leaves to refine one pot! If this was a competition, the medicinal herbs would probably be restricted. Therefore, you should first refine three pieces of Wild God Leaves. "

The Wild God Leaf was red in color and looked like a maple leaf, but it was even redder than a maple leaf. Furthermore, it was very thick. Something was flowing under the leaf’s skin, like blood.

There was a certain amount of weight in his hand, and it was somewhat heavy.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang took the leaf and placed it among the Tianchuang furnace, then began to refine it.

"This fellow is starting to forge pills now?" Don’t you have confidence in yourself? " One of them saw that Chen Xiang had set up a pill furnace at the side of the plaza, and could not help but laugh.

"To be still concocting pills at this time, and even refining Huakuan Dan, is not wise at all!"

"That’s right. Refining a batch of pills takes a lot of mental energy. I bet this human is worried that he won’t be able to perform well in a while, so he’s familiar with it now."

"Alright, let’s take a look at his standards now!"

The few Yue Clan disciples behind Yue Yan heard the crowd discussing about Chen Xiang. One of them suddenly said, "He does not represent our Yue Clan.

"Our Yue Clan definitely won’t recognize this guy. This is all Yue Yiran’s own doing."

"So just say it, don’t involve our Yue Clan."

The members of the Yue Clan were extremely worried that Chen Xiang would affect their reputation, so they decided to make a name for themselves.

Chen Xiang refined very smoothly from the start, and very quickly, he started to use the derivation method.

The derivation method could give birth to more medicinal crystals. If the medicinal strength was stronger, then it could also produce more pills.

"It went smoothly!" Chen Xiang calculated the time, and suddenly frowned: It’s still too slow, it only spawned once, and that took me a long time, I think I won’t be able to condense a pill now.

"Xiao Ke’er, help me." Chen Xiang calculated the time, and the two hours were quickly about to end. And right now, he had just produced nine lumps of Medicinal Crystals.

"It’s too late!" Feng Ke’er said: "If you were to compete, you must not give birth to nine small crystals!"

Heavenly Dan Landlord was already out. After he walked onto the stage, just as he was about to announce the start of the competition, a "peng" sound rang out, and everyone immediately saw a pill fragrance lingering at the side of the square.

Chen Xiang had exploded!

When Yue Yiran saw this, he could not help but shake his head and laugh. Naturally, he did not doubt Chen Xiang’s strength, but rather, knew what Chen Xiang had in mind.

"This guy actually ..." The furnace actually exploded, hahaha ... "

"I had thought that he would be more stable when training. I didn’t expect him to actually fail. He was preparing to start the match, and something like this even happened. This has a huge impact on him."

"Humans are humans, that’s all."

Chen Xiang was calm, he had deliberately exploded them, he knew that he was close to success anyway, but because he had produced too many medicinal crystals, he did not have enough time, so if he had more, it would not be a problem. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Hehe, it doesn’t matter if you practice before the match. A failure means a failure. In any case, whether you fail or succeed, it won’t affect your results in the next match." Seeing Chen Xiang walking up the stage, Heavenly Dan Landlord patted Chen Xiang’s shoulders and laughed.

"However, he still failed just now. He wasn’t in first place in the end, right?" When everyone heard this, they also burst out in laughter.

had already gotten used to it. He came to the competition to improve himself, and to obtain the core spirit. As long as he could obtain the core spirit, it wouldn’t matter if he was laughed at.

"Each of us only have two portions of ingredients and we can only produce two portions. Furthermore, we are the ones who will provide the best ingredients. Although it cannot be considered the best ingredients, it is sufficient to satisfy all of you."

Heavenly Dan Landlord waved his hand and had his men bring up pill furnaces one by one and place them in front of the Alchemist.

There were a total of a hundred or so Alchemist participating in the tournament, so to speak. However, they were all young Alchemist within the Heaven Old Divine Race, and all of them were geniuses.

To be able to see so many geniuses compete here was an eye-opener.

Chen Xiang carefully checked the pill furnace. The quality was indeed good, he was very satisfied, but there were still some who complained, after all they were young masters, the pill furnaces that they used in the past were all noble ones.

"The pill furnace with the ingredients is already in place. You can start now."

After Heavenly Dan Landlord finished speaking, he immediately turned the hourglass over and the competition began.

From the start, everyone was shocked, only to see the body of a luxuriously dressed Heaven Old Prince emit a gold light, and even the pill furnace released this kind of light.

"This is the Ancient Divine Flame, only the Heaven Old Imperial Family can release it, it’s really powerful!"

"He concocted two sets of ingredients in one go!"

"As expected of the genius of the Heaven Old Imperial Family!"

"He started with two pills. I wonder how many pills he will produce in the end!"

Just as everyone’s eyes were focused on the Heaven Old Prince, the other Fierce-transformation Dan Spirit also made a big movement, her body started emitting a red light, that kind of light made people feel that it was extremely hot, it was a very strange type of flame, it looked very hot.