Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

It was just that in the beginning, the two most eye-catching characters had displayed extremely terrifying strength, especially the Heaven Old Prince, who was able to grasp such a powerful Primordial Divine Flame at such a young age.

Because everyone heard that only those who step into the World Defying crazy realm can cultivate the Ancient Divine Flames!

This kind of flame could only be produced by the Heaven Old Imperial Family, as for how powerful it was, no one knew, all they knew was that this was the legendary flame.

When everyone’s attention was focused on the two geniuses, someone with sharp eyes shouted, "Look at that human, he seems to have put the two ingredients into the pill furnace as well."

"You must be joking. He had already made an explosive batch of medicinal ingredients when he was refining the pill. Wouldn’t it be even better if he were to refine two of them now?"

"If the furnace explodes, he will definitely hit someone else. Make him stop right now, this guy will do a lot of harm."

Heavenly Dan Landlord saw that everyone on stage was worried, and laughed: "Don’t worry, I will guarantee that such a thing will not happen. You guys should trust my strength."

Chen Xiang seemed to be concocting pills silently the entire time, but he was secretly observing the Fierce-transformation Dan Spirit, using the Dao heart Eye to carefully observe.

"The flame that this guy used was extremely strange. It actually refined the Wild God’s leaf in an instant. The speed was extremely fast, and it practically happened in an instant." Chen Xiang exclaimed in his heart.

These pill furnaces did not have any special protection, so he could easily see what was going on inside.

A few of the old Alchemist s below the stage were also able to observe the situation within the pill furnace through faint movements. They were all watching Fierce-transformation Dan Spirit closely, as they wanted to see if this Fierce-transformation Dan Spirit could really concoct pills.

As a result, they were able to see what Chen Xiang had discovered and were extremely shocked.

That kind of flame could instantly refine a Wild God’s leaf. This was simply abnormal, but what shocked them the most was that the Fierce-transformation Dan Spirit’s flame could actually make the number of crystals larger.

"This guy’s flames were originally made from the Huakuan Dan’s medicinal strength. His flames carry a dense amount of Huakuan Dan’s energy, which is why there are so many medicinal crystals." Yue Yiran frowned: "No wonder Heavenly Dan Landlord is so confident, so that’s how it is!"

When he spoke of this matter, many people felt pressured. If they couldn’t win, most of them would be scolded by their clan’s elders because they couldn’t obtain incomparably precious pills.

However, there was clearly a suspicion that this Heavenly Dan Landlord was cheating. His pill spirit was made from a Huakuan Dan, so the flames and energy released by him were unique to Huakuan Dan. He could also form Huakuan Dan.

Although everyone was unhappy, there was nothing they could do, since the competition was organized by the Heavenly Dan Landlord and the rewards were provided by him, although it was a little unfair, but at least it gave them hope of obtaining a pill spirit.

Chen Xiang did not mind, he felt that it would be more interesting to have a competition with a Pill Spirit!

"Pay attention to that prince, this guy isn’t an ordinary guy either." Feng Ke’er sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang: "He uses fire energy to condense a fire array inside the pill furnace and can make the fire energy even more ferocious. The speed at which he refines the Wild God’s leaf is extremely fast."

"Alright, let’s do it too!" "The main reason for the failure of the previous batch was because we did not have enough time. If we succeeded, we would be able to produce many pills." Chen Xiang said: "And now, refining two medicinal ingredients at the same time will be even more difficult."

With Feng Ke’er’s help, Chen Xiang still had some confidence.

Feng Ke’er released a few array formations, and these arrays were able to absorb Chen Xiang’s World Defying Stage Fierce Power and release a very strong, arrogant fire.

This kind of powerful, unparalleled flame that even Chen Xiang himself was unable to release, could only be released through profound formations. And Feng Ke’er had mastered many of these formations, which he could release at any time.

"That prince of the Heaven Old Imperial Family should be able to use something else to activate the fire array formation." Feng Ke’er said: "Otherwise, based on his own words, it would be impossible to achieve."

"Don’t worry about him, we’ll just refine it properly for me." Chen Xiang closed his eyes and quietly burned the medicinal ingredients.

Very quickly, an hour had passed, and Chen Xiang had just finished incinerating the six leaves.

Feng Ke’er told Chen Xiang what he had observed.

"Fierce-transformation Dan Spirit’s refining speed was the fastest, followed by Heaven Old Prince’s." Feng Ke’er said: "They are all at the Core Formation stage now, they are not that good!"

"Yes, the Fierce-transformation Dan Spirit should have just been born, so he’s not very familiar with using fire to refine pills! And this time, Heaven Old Prince must be chasing the ducks away. He probably did not try to refine two medicinal ingredients in one go before, so he used a formation array to help him. " said. Heaven Old Imperial Family was not very familiar with using fire arrays, because many of the old Alchemist present could see that.

An hour had passed, and the spectators were somewhat disappointed because Chen Xiang did not explode the furnace as they had expected, instead, he was very steady. The situation inside his pill furnace was also being observed by many old Alchemist, on one hand, to see if anyone was cheating.

"I’ve already passed the previous stage." Yue Yiran smiled and said, "It’s already pretty good that he could develop so steadily to this step, because only ten people on the stage can do it. His level has already surpassed most of the young genius from the Heaven Old Divine Race."

Chen Xiang’s words made many old Alchemist unable to refute him. From the beginning till now, Chen Xiang had been very calm and steady.

Hearing Yue Yiran’s words, everyone remembered that Chen Xiang had defeated Zhen Minghui before, and he did not come, probably because he was worried that he would be mocked by others.

With Feng Ke’er’s help, the refined medicinal energy quickly gathered together and condensed into a medicinal crystal. He took this step very quickly, and it shook many old Alchemist, even Yue Yiran was surprised.

When Feng Ke’er was helping Chen Xiang, he did not reveal any of his Qi, so no one would notice, and it looked like Chen Xiang was doing it!

Therefore, those old Alchemist s all thought that Chen Xiang had a unique pill refining skills that allowed him to quickly fuse them!

What they saw next made them even more shocked, because there were suddenly five large medicinal crystals inside Chen Xiang’s pill furnace.

This was Yue Yiran’s derived technique! Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Everyone knew that Yue Yiran’s derivation method was extremely powerful, and Yue Yiran had never spread it around, but now that Chen Xiang was able to use it, many of the old Alchemist looked at Yue Yiran in shock!

"Yue Yiran, your derivation method is actually going to be passed on to this brat!" The person who spoke was Yue Yan, his ice-cold voice filled with anger, because Yue Yiran would rather be passed on to a human than to a member of the Yue Clan.