Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

Yue Yiran’s derivation was very famous, which was also why Yue Yiran had such great authority in the field of alchemy in Heaven Old Super Realm.

As for why he never said anything about it, so, over time, Yue Yiran and the Yue Clan had become enemies. However, because Yue Yiran was a genius Alchemist, the Yue Clan didn’t dare to be so hostile towards him on the surface, as Yue Yiran was, after all, a signboard for their Yue Clan ...

Now, they saw that Yue Yiran’s derivative was actually used by the human, Chen Xiang. This made all the Alchemist in the Yue Clan extremely angry.

"His [M] derivation technique was not taught to him by me. You should all be clear about how long we’ve known each other! Back then when he competed with Zhen Minghui from the Zhen Clan, he used a derivation method, which was only at his level. " Yue Yiran looked at the Heaven Old Divine Race people around him and laughed coldly: "I know that all of you yearn for the derivation method, but all of you don’t forget, this derivation method was created by humans. You normally look down on humans, so you should also look down on this kind of alchemy technique."

Yue Yiran had never taught the derivation method to the Yue Clan’s Alchemist. It was precisely because the Yue Clan’s Heaven Old Divine Race looked down on humans and despised them from the bottom of his heart, that Yue Yiran despised them in his heart. He would definitely not teach the derivation method to the Heaven Old Divine Race people who looked down on humans.

The people here all knew that Yue Yiran’s pill refining skills were similar to that of an anthropologist, thus, Yue Yiran’s attitude towards humans was different from theirs. Today, they had all received a huge blow, such a high level of pill refining skills was actually created by humans, and the people of Heaven Old Divine Race did not have such a high level of pill refining skills.

"Although the derivation technique is powerful and extremely profound, I have always admired this technique. It’s just that ... "In my opinion, it’s only because my alchemy skills are much stronger than yours. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have been able to concoct such a pill before you." Heavenly Dan Landlord laughed out loud. "We Heaven Old Divine Race’s people are still much stronger than humans, even if there are a few who are stronger than us, we are still considered part of the minority."

Originally, they looked down on humans in their hearts. They had just received a blow, but after hearing the words of the Heavenly Dan Landlord, they felt that it made sense. They had forgotten about the blow just now, so they continued to look down on humans.

"It’s enough for there to be a few humans that are stronger than us, because just a few are enough to surpass all of our Heaven Old Divine Race. I’m not speaking for the humans, I just feel that we should be able to be on equal footing with them. Yue Yiran sneered, Heaven Old Divine Race people often bullied humans, this kind of thing could really happen.

"That will be in the future." The Heavenly Dan Landlord smiled faintly: "Brother Yue, you are worrying about nothing. When the human race becomes stronger, we will be even more powerful."

Yue Yiran did not say anything else, because it was clear that the Heavenly Dan Landlord was saying this on purpose to get the people of the Heaven Old Divine Race to approve of his words.

Heavenly Dan Landlord had been to Myriad Tao before, he was very clear on how strong the humans above were, but he did not say it out loud.

At this moment, everyone was disapproving of Yue Yiran’s method. They all felt that Yue Yiran did not care about it at all, as he could not refine a pill spirit either.

After some discussion, a lot of time had passed.

Up till now, many people had gone smoothly and there were no signs of an explosion. After all, all of them were the genius Alchemist s of the large clans.

Two hours were almost up, there was only a small amount of time left. Many Alchemist had already opened their pill furnaces, revealing the Huakuan Dan s they had refined.

Most of them only had one pellet, and only a few could refine two. What surprised Yue Yiran the most was that there were also those that could refine three Huakuan Dan, but the quality was very poor.

"I’m done!" Heaven Old Prince wiped the sweat on his forehead and then opened the pill furnace. He took out five Huakuan Dan s, which were all of excellent quality.

"Mine is also done!" Chen Xiang smiled, but he did not open the pill furnace.

Fierce-transformation Dan Spirit did not say anything and directly opened the pill furnace, taking out seven Huakuan Dan s. This made Heaven Old Prince’s face turn ugly, as he found it extremely difficult to believe that it far exceeded his own, although it was only two pellets apart, in his eyes, this was still a distance that was difficult to climb.

"My Fierce-transformation Dan Spirit wins!" Heavenly Dan Landlord shouted in great happiness: "To be able to refine seven Huakuan Dan in two hours, his level is already far beyond us old fellows, truly amazing!"

The people below started a heated discussion. A pill spirit was actually at such a high level, far surpassing the peak of Alchemist. It was truly surprising.

Chen Xiang sat there very gloomily, because he had already been neglected ...

"Heavenly Dan Landlord, there’s still me." Chen Xiang shouted.

"Right, I almost forgot about you. You only have three or four pills at most, right?" Heavenly Dan Landlord chuckled as he walked over, and then quickly opened the lid of Chen Xiang’s pill furnace.

When he saw the small pile of Huakuan Dan, he thought that he was seeing things. However, when he was sure that he could see clearly, the smile on his face froze.

Yue Yiran also flew up at this time, he was worried that the Heavenly Dan Landlord would do something, and when he went forward to take a look, he was also stunned!

"Fifteen pills!" Yue Yiran took a deep breath, "Why are there so many!" Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Yue Yiran understood the method rather well, but how Chen Xiang was able to refine so many of them in one go was hard for him to understand. Furthermore, he had just seen the number of Medicine crystal that Chen Xiang had produced, so he reckoned that around seven to eight would be his limit when he tried to condense the Medicine crystal, but it had doubled now!

This was because after Chen Xiang used the derivation method, the various old Alchemist s had all placed their attention on Yue Yiran. Furthermore, when Yue Yiran was talking to someone else, he did not notice Chen Xiang at all.

It was at that time that Chen Xiang used the Crash method to go against the heavens. Originally, he did not intend to go through with it, but if he won, he would obtain the pill spirit. In order to guarantee that he would obtain the final victory, he decided to go through with it at that time.

What surprised him was that the Spirit God that was born after the clash, the scattered Medicine crystal started to fuse together, the fusion speed was much faster than when Chen Xiang and Feng Ke’er were working together.

After the fusion, Chen Xiang split the gigantic ball of Medicine crystal into fifteen parts, and then quickly started to form his own pellets. This made it very easy for Chen Xiang to complete this batch of pellets.