Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Several other old Alchemist s had already jumped up on stage. When they heard the name fifteen, they also felt disbelief, but after they came up to take a look, they confirmed that it was real. More recent chapter access: w.

The fifteen Huakuan Dan that Chen Xiang had refined were all fresh out of the furnace. Any Alchemist could tell that with a single glance, let alone the fact that these Huakuan Dan all had their own unique auras.

This kind of Qi was unique to the ingredients used in Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa. All of the medicines in Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa had this special Qi, this Qi was closely related to the time when the ingredients were being planted, so it was very easy to discern.

Therefore, there was no possibility of cheating. That was to say, Chen Xiang was really able to refine fifteen Huakuan Dan in one furnace. Although he had used two sets of ingredients, it was still very terrifying.

Even the Fierce-transformation Dan Spirit who made Heavenly Dan Landlord feel so proud only managed to refine seven pills!

"This is real!"

"How in the world did you refine it?" Has the derivation method been unleashed to the limit? "

"Old Yue, is your derivation spell incomplete? This human kid’s control over derivation seems to be better than yours!"

"I don’t know either!" Yue Yiran shook his head in the face of everyone’s doubts.

Chen Xiang laughed: "I have already won, what about the rewards?"

Everyone suddenly recalled that getting first place would allow one to obtain a pill spirit. That was a very precious reward, and yet it was actually given to a human.

Many of the old Alchemist s who were watching the show were gloating at the side. Previously, Heavenly Dan Landlord had flaunted his skills in front of them, but now that he had failed secretly, they were extremely pleased.

"Human brat, you can rest assured. Heavenly Dan Landlord is a righteous and sincere person and you will keep your word."

That’s right, the Heavenly Dan Landlord places a lot of importance on talented people. Even if you are a human, your current level is enough to make us old fellows admit defeat.

"Heavenly Dan Landlord, give the pill spirit to him. You can still refine it yourself."

"Yeah, you don’t lack a pill spirit, do you? Don’t tell me you want to go back on your word?"

"It doesn’t matter if you go back on your word. No one will say anything. After all, a pill spirit is very precious. It’s within reason that you don’t want to do it!"

"Heavenly Dan Landlord, you are so powerful, we will definitely not speak ill of you on the surface. At most, we will only look down on you in our hearts."

These old guys jeered at him from the side. When Yue Yiran saw them, his heart blossomed with joy.

At this moment, Heavenly Dan Landlord’s face had turned a little green. He was so confident that his Fierce-transformation Dan Spirit would be victorious that he would take out this reward. Who knew that this heaven defying guy, Chen Xiang, would actually refine fifteen pills in one go!

"Here!" Heavenly Dan Landlord glared furiously at Chen Xiang, and then passed the pill spirit to Chen Xiang.

Heavenly Dan Landlord snorted angrily, then left with his Fierce-transformation Dan Spirit.

After they left, the Yue Clan immediately rushed over and surrounded Chen Xiang and Yue Yiran.

"Yue Yan, what are you doing?" Yue Yiran’s face was cold as he asked.

"Yue Yiran, you are a member of the Yue Clan, your shop is the Yue Clan’s shop, this brat is the Alchemist of the Yue Clan’s shop, the rewards you obtained from coming here to participate in the competition are also the Yue Clan’s." Yue Yan said without a hint of hesitation.

Previously, they were worried that Chen Xiang representing the Yue Clan in the competition would cause the Yue Clan to lose face, and had even continuously tried to cut off their relationship with Chen Xiang, ridiculing him everywhere, telling everyone that the Yue Clan also looked down on this human kid.

However, now that Chen Xiang had displayed such talent and even obtained a pill spirit, their Yue Clan was extremely envious. Furthermore, they thought that Chen Xiang was just a member of the Yue Clan who wanted to obtain such a strong pill spirit.

"You all ... Do you all have any shame? " Yue Yiran said angrily: "All of you have a layer of skin on your faces. Do you want me to help you all take it off?

"Yue Yiran, if you don’t give it to us, don’t blame us for using our family’s law on you. This pill spirit belongs to our Yue family." Following which, he and the few elders from the Yue Clan took out an array disc.

Everyone could see what the array discs in their hands were used for, as they were used to trap Yue Yiran and Chen Xiang!

Although this was the Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa, the Heavenly Dan Landlord did not care about this matter. This was very satisfying to him as Chen Xiang had obtained his pill spirit and if the Yue Clan were to snatch it away from him, he would more or less feel better. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

The most angry one was Chen Xiang. Previously, the members of Yue Clan were in a rush to get rid of their relationship with him, but now that they were trying to get rid of their relationship with him, they mocked and ridiculed him. Now that he had won, he dared to shamelessly claim that this pill spirit belonged to them!

"What if I refuse?" Chen Xiang had already kept the pill spirit, and said coldly.

"If you don’t, you will die!" After Yue Yan finished speaking, the formation plate in his hand flashed with a red light. The other few elders also shot out their formation plates, enveloping the entire stage.

In the air above the stage, there were two array discs. One of them was above Yue Yiran’s head, because the other was above Chen Xiang.

"You!" Yue Yiran roared in fury, and the berserk World Defying Stage Fierce Power on his body was suddenly released, causing the earth to suddenly shake. But that was only it, as Yue Yiran was already trapped.

Even Yue Yiran couldn’t escape, let alone Chen Xiang!

"Yue Wei Gang, go ahead and let this human brat give you his Pill Spirit. If he doesn’t give it to you, I will kill Yue Yiran." Yue Yan walked in front of Yue Yiran. Yue Yiran was enveloped by a red light and was unable to come out.

Yue Yan took out a sword, pointed it at Yue Yiran and said coldly, "In any case, you don’t have any contributions to our Yue Clan, so there’s no point in killing you!"

Yue Yan had already planned to break all ties with Yue Yiran. If he could get a pill spirit like this, it would be worth it even if he could kill Yue Yiran.

Yue Wei was the young Alchemist of the Yue family and could be considered a genius. Just now, when he was refining pills, he was able to refine three Huakuan Dan, and they were all of good quality.

More importantly, Yue Weigang was a young disciple who was preparing to step into the World Defying crazy realm. As long as he could step into it, he would be the strongest warrior in the Yue Clan.

"Trash, quickly hand over the pill spirit." Yue Wei was extremely satisfied at this moment, because a genius Alchemist was already controlled and could be stepped on by him.

When Yue Wei saw Chen Xiang glaring at him with a gaze filled with hatred, he immediately became furious. He punched towards Chen Xiang from afar, the power of his punch was like a beast pouncing on its prey, striking Chen Xiang’s body.

Bang!

Chen Xiang was struck by a burst of energy, causing him to feel pain all over, but it was not a big deal, his body was still extremely strong!

Even though this fist did not hit Chen Xiang, it had thoroughly ’enraged’ him! Previous Chapter Next Chapter