Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

After Chen Xiang received his Elixir. Yue Yiran brought him and quickly left this villa. They were well aware of the importance of a pill spirit. It was obvious that those people from the Yue Clan were willing to go all out to clash with him.

"Boss." We’re going somewhere now. "Are you going back to the shop?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No. The shop is no longer a safe place to be. " Yue Yiran frowned: "Did you see Heaven Old Imperial Family and the others just now?"

"I saw it. "What’s wrong?" When Chen Xiang just left ... He did pay attention to it. This was because Heaven Old Imperial Family was the strongest. Previously, he was worried that the Heaven Old Imperial Family would attack them.

"There’s something wrong with these guys. When we left. They’re looking at us very wrong. " Yue Yiran said: "They might catch up to us. Can you use the power of space? Get away from here. "

"No problem." Chen Xiang did not know how strong the Heaven Old Imperial Family was either. In short, he didn’t want to be hunted down.

Chen Xiang had used the power of space ... Bringing Yue Yiran along, they teleported away. Moreover, it was continuous teleportation.

Chen Xiang was often hunted for many years. That was why he was very experienced in dodging. After he teleported, he would immediately be able to sense his aura. This prevents being traced.

"Boss." Are the people from Heaven Old Imperial Family very strong? " Chen Xiang had already brought Yue Yiran to a mountain range. He didn’t know where this was either.

Yue Yiran floated high up in the sky. Investigate the surrounding situation. He didn’t know where Chen Xiang had brought him to.

"Heaven Old Imperial Family is the strongest power in Heaven Old Super Realm. One of them. Unless the various great clans joined forces. Otherwise, no one can kill them. " Yue Yiran said. Even if Yue Yiran himself was very strong. But facing the Heaven Old Imperial Family. He was also very afraid.

Yue Yiran landed on the ground. He said to Chen Xiang: "This place should be temporarily safe now. We can’t go back into the shop now. "

"Isn’t that manager and the others in danger?" Chen Xiang stayed in the shop for a while. The shopkeeper was pretty good to him. If he was implicated in this matter. He would be very sorry.

"Don’t worry. The grocer followed me for many years. Once there was any disturbance. He’ll do something himself. " Yue Yiran said: "Look carefully at the pill spirit now. See if there’s any problem. We were in too much of a hurry. Furthermore, Heavenly Dan Landlord seemed to be very straightforward. I very much doubt it. "

Chen Xiang took out his pill spirit. After a careful inspection. He said, "This is a real pill spirit ..." However, it was somewhat strange. The aura on it is very different from what I had refined myself. "

Chen Xiang passed his pill spirit to Yue Yiran. He still had a lot of trust in Yue Yiran.

After Yue Yiran received it. He only took a brief look. He then frowned, "This is a pill spirit that is not bad." There was an extremely terrifying amount of Huakuan Dan’s medicinal power contained within. It was indeed the spirit of the Huakuan Dan. However, this was not something that was created in a short period of time. "

"No wonder I feel less alive. So it wasn’t created during this period of time. " Chen Xiang finally understood why he felt it was strange, "When did you refine it?"

"At least thousands of years." Yue Yiran looked at this pill spirit carefully. Suddenly, he laughed coldly: "Heavenly Dan Landlord, this fellow ... He himself was unable to refine a Huakuan Dan’s core spirit. These elixirs have existed for many years. It was made a long time ago. "

"Why is it like this?" Chen Xiang received the pill spirit. Then he carefully observed it. He did not discover anything.

"I don’t know where he got it. Anyway, it wasn’t something that he had refined himself. Or by chance. " The more Yue Yiran thought about it, the angrier he got. He scolded angrily, "This bastard. He actually claimed that he made it himself. He would use this to raise his prestige. And then through this, to belittle us. "Truly a villain."

"I really can’t tell. This fellow was quite handsome. "He actually did such a thing." Chen Xiang also understood. Yue Yiran took this matter very seriously. Because the Heavenly Dan Landlord had been full of disdain towards him before. And let everyone think he was not as good as Heavenly Dan Landlord.

Thinking about this. Yue Yiran was even more furious now.

"This bastard. I’m going to kill him. " Yue Yiran coldly snorted.

Chen Xiang looked at the pill spirit in his hand. He said, "Can I start refining it with my blood now?"

Chen Xiang’s You Yao Mountain Villa already had a pill spirit inside. However, that was the spirit of the Strong strength Dan. Although it was useful. But after all, it was an initial stage Primordial Desolate Pill. The pill spirit in his hand belonged to a middle stage Huakuan Dan. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

"Not for now." We are not yet stable. " Yue Yiran was extremely cautious. He said, "I’ll take you to a place now. I used to live in seclusion in that place for a while. "

Just as Yue Yiran made his move. A golden light shone down from the sky. A huge golden barrier of light appeared around them, enveloping them.

This golden barrier covered an area of a hundred miles. Chen Xiang was trapped inside. It was impossible to break out of this golden barrier.

"You fellow from the Heaven Old Imperial Family. "Get the hell out here." Yue Yiran roared towards the sky.

Chen Xiang used his Time and space power. There was actually no reaction at all. His Power of Space failed him.

"It should be useless. Those fellows have seen you use the Power of Space before. Therefore, this time, they will definitely have a way to deal with it. " Yue Yiran looked around. Looking for people from the Heaven Old Imperial Family.

Soon. A few beams of golden light shot down from the sky. Five gold armored old men appeared. Their serious faces were filled with murderous intent. That strong killing intent. It caused Chen Xiang’s heart to thump wildly. These golden-armored old men were all terrifyingly powerful. Moreover, he was a war maniac who had been on the battlefield for a long time.

A young man dressed in luxurious golden clothes slowly walked over. There was a disdainful smile on his face as he said, "You guys ran quite fast. What a pity ... still can’t escape my palm. "

He was Heaven Old Prince.

"How did you find this place?" Yue Yiran also felt that this was unbelievable. The people of the Heaven Old Imperial Family actually managed to find this place.

"It’s just that you guys are underestimating our Heaven Old Imperial Family." Heaven Old Prince did not tell Chen Xiang and the others. He looked at Chen Xiang. With a cold expression, he said, "Human. Hurry up and give me the pill spirit. I can let you leave safely. "

"Nope." Chen Xiang also coldly said, "Why should I give it to you? What qualifications do you have to have this pill spirit? I’d rather destroy it than give it to you. "

"How dare you!" Teach him a lesson. " Heaven Old Prince was immediately enraged.

Actually, Heaven Old Prince’s Inherent Skill is quite good. If it weren’t for Chen Xiang and Fierce-transformation Dan Spirit, these two monsters who were suppressing him. He’s the best.

Heaven Old Prince felt that being defeated by Fierce-transformation Dan Spirit was nothing much. But he was left far behind by a human. It made him very jealous. Now, he not only wanted to obtain the Core Spirit in Chen Xiang’s hands. and he even had to ravage Chen Xiang. To make him feel comfortable.