Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

After Heaven Old Prince gave the order, the five golden-armored elderly men immediately attacked Chen Xiang without hesitation.

Yue Yiran’s body also started to tremble as countless shadows emerged. This was the power of his Madness soul, a bizarre profound energy that could devour another person’s life force and strength.

The interior of the golden light barrier turned dark, and there were shadows everywhere.

The black shadow lashed out at the golden-armored elders like a wave, preventing them from acting rashly. Meanwhile, Chen Xiang had also run off to the side.

Yue Yiran was very strong. Although it looked like the golden-armoured elderly men were much stronger than him, but after he used the power of the Madness soul, he actually had the ability to suppress his opponent!

Chen Xiang had already run to the side, while Heaven Old Prince chased after him. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"Don’t think that just because you can kill a genius disciple from the Yue Clan, I can easily kill that guy from the Yue Clan." Heaven Old Prince took out a spear. The spear head was a gold color and it flashed with gold lightning.

After he changed into the long spear, he fiercely thrusted towards Chen Xiang, directly towards Chen Xiang’s heart, but he was actually grabbed by Chen Xiang with his bare hands!

Chen Xiang had gone through cultivation without a right path before, his’ flesh ’was extremely strong. Clenching the long spear that was flowing with the vigorous World Defying Stage Fierce Power tightly, he only felt some pain.

"I can kill the Yue Clan’s people, but I can also kill you!" After Chen Xiang caught hold of the spear, he fiercely ’pulled’ and directly snatched the spear away, while Heaven Old Prince was also dragged over.

After the Heaven Old Prince was dragged over, Chen Xiang immediately lashed out with a black whip. This black whip was refined from the Myriad Tao Divine Soil and had a very terrifying binding force, trapping the Heaven Old Prince within.

The moment the Heaven Old Prince was entangled, his body suddenly shone with a golden light. He wanted to struggle free, but a Six Realms mirrors had already appeared above him.

The Six Realms mirrors’s mirror surface released a red light, enveloping Heaven Old Prince within and preventing him from leaving the red light barrier.

This was the formation plate used by the Yue Clan to trap Yue Yiran previously. At that time, Chen Xiang had already used his Six Realms mirrors to quietly duplicate it.

When the Heaven Old Prince was enveloped by the formation, he was immediately shocked and anxiously shouted, "Golden-armored guard, quickly come and help me!"

"Help your grandpa! I wish you reincarnate into a dog in your next life ..." Chen Xiang laughed, the Six Realms mirrors had already pierced through Heaven Old Prince’s heart, and directly went through it, following that Chen Xiang immediately took out the World Defying mad source bead.

However, the black shadow Yue Yiran released was too strange. Once it enveloped them, they became as immobile as if they were in water. Moreover, they would roll around with the waves of the water.

The black shadow that Yue Yiran released did not have any offensive power, but it was able to trap those few extremely powerful Golden Armored Divine Guards.

"Chen Xiang, hurry up and destroy the array disc above, I can’t hold on for much longer, I’m not their match, I can only temporarily stall them." Yue Yiran sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang.

"I got it, I’m going up now." Chen Xiang immediately soared up and quickly saw a small formation plate that was only the size of his palm.

After seeing the array disc, Chen Xiang immediately took out the Heavenly magic sword and pierced the sword.

That formation plate was not made by the Myriad Tao Divine Soil. Chen Xiang could easily pierce through it and destroy the formation that trapped them.

After the golden barrier of light disappeared, Chen Xiang immediately ran back to him. Yue Yiran said to Chen Xiang via sound transmission, "Use your spatial power and flee far away!

Chen Xiang brought Yue Yiran and quickly teleported away.

"I wonder how they caught up to us." After Chen Xiang teleported a distance with Yue Yiran, he asked in confusion.

"There are many strange things happening in the Heaven Old Imperial Family, they must have some sort of plan, so we cannot let our guard down." Yue Yiran said: "Right now, I will bring you to a safe place."

Yue Yiran took out a flying discs and quickly flew away with Chen Xiang.

After three days and three nights, Chen Xiang could only see a dense gray fog in front of him. A large area in front of him was covered by this gray fog.

"What is this place?" Chen Xiang only saw it from afar and he already felt extremely pressured. He did not understand why Yue Yiran brought him to this kind of dangerous place.

"The Tiangu beast is sealed inside." Yue Yiran said: "It’s inside that black fog, but once you go in, it’s very difficult for you to come out."

"Then we are going in now? How do I get out of here in the future? " Chen Xiang did not want to enter, although he knew Song Yichen and Zheng profound, he might not be able to meet them inside.

Furthermore, there were many powerful Tiangu beast inside, which was very dangerous.

"It is a little dangerous, but Tiangu beast s are not as hard to deal with as Heaven Old Imperial Family’s guys." Yue Yiran laughed: "You can go in by yourself, I’ll give you an array disc, at that time, you only need to pass through this array disc and you will be able to come out."

Yue Yiran gave Chen Xiang an array disc. "After you come out, this array disc will guide you to me."

Chen Xiang kept the array disc and asked: "Then what about you, boss? Where are you going? Heaven Old Imperial Family and those fellows will not let you off. "

"You don’t have to worry about this, I have a place to go!" If it really doesn’t work, I will also enter this place. This is currently a relatively safe place among the Heaven Old Super Realm. " Yue Yiran sighed: "You are not from the Heaven Old Divine Race, so there won’t be any danger if you enter. You should be able to handle those large Tiangu beast s, if they are beast kings, they are all very human, and probably won’t take the initiative to attack you."

Yue Yiran knew that since Chen Xiang had two Pill Souls, once he grew up, his powers would become even stronger. When that time came, he would not have to worry too much about the Heaven Old Imperial Family.

"Then I’m going in. I’ll definitely increase my strength as fast as I can."

Chen Xiang immediately rushed into the black mist in front of him. After passing through a barrier, his entire body shivered, because that barrier was extremely terrifying!

Previously, he had promised Zheng profound and Song Yichen that he would help them break this barrier, and let them lead his comrades to attack the people of Heaven Old Divine Race. Now that he was here, he wanted to let Feng Ke’er study the seal here.

"What a terrifying seal, the people of Heaven Old Divine Race are really powerful!" Feng Ke’er said: "This seal should have been created by the people of the Heaven Old Divine Race using all their strength, if not it would not have been so ’terrifying’."

Chen Xiang was still inside the black fog, so he could only continue forward. At the same time, he had to be cautious, as if there was a Heaven Old Super Beast King hidden inside.

Even though there was a dense fog that was constantly churning inside, the inside was extremely quiet. This kind of peace was able to make people not feel so stifled, but instead make them feel relaxed.