Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

A tiny fetus had already appeared in the Fierce-transformation Dan Spirit under the influence of a large amount of power of regeneration, and was slowly growing.

As Chen Xiang refined the three Strong strength Dan s, he carefully observed the Elixir Crystals in Mei Jing Sisters’s hands.

"It’s a girl again." Chen Xiang frowned and said: "Heavenly Dan Landlord’s Pill Spirit is male ... "What exactly is the reason for the sex difference?"

"It should be related to the person who channeled the life energy. The life energy was all channeled by my sister and me, so all of the elixirs are women." Jiang Simei said: "This is also good, this way we can have a lot of sisters."

Chen Xiang did not mind, after all, no matter if it was male or female, they were all able to condense high quality pills!

Several days had passed and Chen Xiang had already refined those three Strong strength Dan, but he still had not stepped into the World Defying crazy realm!

"I still can’t do it. Don’t tell me I have to eat the Arrogant Core?" Chen Xiang felt that he was stuck in something, unable to rush to a higher realm.

At this time, he had no choice but to run out and find Song Yichen. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"Brother Song, I feel that it’s very difficult for me to breakthrough by myself, and I’m unable to step into the World Defying crazy realm." Chen Xiang was very gloomy. He thought that eating the Strong strength Dan would allow him to quickly break through.

The World Defying Stage Fierce Power in his body had already reached its limit, and his body was very strong as well. If he was unable to break through, his’ flesh ’and World Defying Stage Fierce Power would not be improved, and would instead be restricted.

"The World Defying crazy realm is still rather difficult to step into ... The problem you are facing right now is that you cannot condense the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul. To step into the World Defying crazy realm, you need to condense the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul. " Song Yichen said.

Chen Xiang had heard about the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul before. He had released the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul before, but he didn’t know how he was supposed to condense it.

"Do I need to use a very strong World Defying Stage Fierce Power to condense it?" Chen Xiang asked, because when he previously trained with this kind of spirit body, it was always like this.

"No, you need to sense the World Defying Stage Soul River above Myriad Tao yourself and capture a World Defying Stage Fierce Soul. This doesn’t require anything, the only problem is that whether or not you can ’obtain’ a good World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, if you can’t ’get it, your power in the future will be greatly restricted."

"It’s really mysterious!" This was the first time Chen Xiang had heard of this.

"How do I sense the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul?" Chen Xiang’s face was filled with thought, and asked again, "After love, how do you feel about that World Defying Stage Soul River? What is that thing?"

"World Defying Stage Soul River is high up in the sky above Myriad Tao. That place is very high up and even the strong World Defying Stage are unable to climb up there. There are three very long World Defying Stage Soul River s on top, and each is taller than the last. It is a soul river formed by the deaths of many humans, beasts and other living beings. This soul is made from the rebirth of those souls after they were destroyed, and it has lost all consciousness. It has been floating in the air above the Myriad Tao all year round and over time, it has become very strong and mysterious. "

"If you obtain the World Defying Stage Soul River, you will be able to step into the World Defying crazy realm." Song Yichen said: "This is the most difficult step to take to enter the World Defying crazy realm ... I heard that you can borrow pills to increase your sensitivity towards World Defying Stage Soul River and sense even higher soul rivers. "

"There’s such a way!" Chen Xiang thought about it, until now, he still could not understand the use of Huakuan Dan, could it be that it can help people feel the Soul River?

"There are some people who are simply unable to sense their soul rivers, which is why they are unable to step into the World Defying crazy realm for their entire lives." Song Yichen said: "Three soul rivers. The World Defying Stage Fierce Soul of the first layer of the soul rivers is the weakest, and the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul of the third layer of the soul river is the strongest."

"Alright, I’ll give it a try now." Chen Xiang once again entered the tree cave.

Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea had an Invigorated Meridian, which allowed him to easily sense the situation in the Myriad Tao. He focused his’ spirit ’on the Invigorated Meridian, and then tested if he could send his’ spirit ’along the’ spirit ’to the Myriad Tao.

After a day, he suddenly felt that the spirit that was focused on his Invigorated Meridian had become relaxed, as if it had suddenly broken out of its confinement.

"Could this be above Myriad Tao?" Chen Xiang was ecstatic. At this time, he could only see darkness, but there were three silk threads.

"Could this be the legendary triple-layered soul river?" Chen Xiang controlled his own spirit to fly upwards. Even though he could fly, his speed was extremely slow and he could only go up bit by bit. He did not know when he would be able to reach World Defying Stage Soul River.

After an unknown amount of time, Chen Xiang finally arrived at a place inside a soul river. There were countless specks of light in his surroundings, and when these specks of light saw him, they all dispersed, like a flock of frightened birds.

Chen Xiang’s Spirit was extremely slow. He had controlled his Spirit to chase after one of the light dots, but that light dot was flying very fast.

"Damn it, how can I catch these little things?" Chen Xiang was a little angered, he then controlled his spirit and continued to fly upwards.

It was only a single layer of Soul River. If he had spent a lot of effort to catch a Madness soul of the first layer, wouldn’t his efforts have been in vain?

Just like that, his spirit continued to rise, and after a while, he finally reached the second layer of the soul river. After a while, his spirit continued to rise, and after a while, he finally reached the second layer of the soul river.

"I wonder how long it took ... Looks like I haven’t made any preparations, even if I were to head to World Defying Stage Soul River s on the third floor, I would not be able to catch World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s. " Chen Xiang was extremely helpless and could only withdraw temporarily.

After his consciousness left the Myriad Tao, he anxiously asked Feng Ke’er, just how much time had he used!

"Three months!" Feng Ke’er said: "The Huakuan Dan have already grown up.

"That’s right ..." Before Chen Xiang attempted to capture the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, he had already used it on the You Yao Mountain Villa.

"Let me look at that little girl." Chen Xiang said while grinning. He then examined inside the You Yao Mountain Villa, and very quickly saw a young lady wearing purple clothes sitting on a patch of grass with her eyes closed, probably condensing a core.

This girl had a beautiful oval face, and her face was extremely delicate and beautiful. When her eyes were closed, it made people feel that she was very quiet.

"I’ll go in and see her!" Chen Xiang immediately entered the You Yao Mountain Villa.

At this time, Jiang Lisi ran out from a room and shouted softly: "Elder Brother Shen, this is my sister, Jiang Si Hua, you can just call her Hua Hua Hua."

After Jiang Si opened his eyes, he saw Chen Xiang. Elder Brother Shen! "

Chen Xiang and Jiang Si had a conversation for a while, and after that, he transferred some of her memories to her, the two of them became very familiar with each other, and Jiang Si Hua revealed a beautiful smile on his face.

And during this period of time, under Jiang Lisi’s guidance, Jiang Si ’flowers’ had already formed quite a few Huakuan Dan, which made Chen Xiang very happy!