Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

It just so happened that Chen Xiang was lacking Huakuan Dan, he wanted to try and see if Huakuan Dan would help him capture the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul. Access:.

He obtained a few very good quality Huakuan Dan, then left the You Yao Mountain Villa, and began to sense the World Defying Stage Soul River s again.

After consuming the Proud Pellet, under the effect of the medicine, his spirit unexpectedly rushed into the Myriad Tao, and under his control, it was very easy for his spirit to fly up to the soul river. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"His speed is really fast!" Chen Xiang gasped in surprise, his heart was in ecstasy. It was because the use of Huakuan Dan was extremely important, no wonder it was useful in allowing people to step into the World Defying crazy realm.

Not long after, Chen Xiang arrived at the third floor of the World Defying Stage Soul River. Although the specks of light here were fast, with the help of the medicinal power of the Arrogant Pill, his spirit was able to fly very quickly.

"Haha, I finally caught one ..." Chen Xiang was very happy. After he caught a speck of light, he used his mind to control his own mind to sense the speck of light.

"This is ..." It’s an arrogant dog’s soul, what use is there for it to come here?

Chen Xiang was extremely unhappy, what he had painstakingly captured was actually a dog soul.

The Madness soul on the third floor weren’t all that good either, because Chen Xiang had caught more than ten specks of light, and all of them were World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s he was very dissatisfied with.

"It won’t be easy to find a Madness soul that is satisfied with me, and I can’t just casually find it either." Just as Chen Xiang was about to catch another light dot, he suddenly realised that his spirit had slowed down.

"I’ve used up all my medicinal energy!"

In order to continue, he could only eat another Huakuan Dan.

If this were to continue, he didn’t know when he would be able to find a World Defying Stage Fierce Soul that he was satisfied with. If he couldn’t find it, then he would need to consume a lot of Huakuan Dan.

Of course, he did not lack Huakuan Dan, he did not even need to refine them, and would be able to obtain high quality ones.

"What kind of World Defying Stage Fierce Soul do I need?" Chen Xiang kept searching. He felt that if he had the Divine Fire Soul he would definitely be more than happy to do so, but no matter what, he could not find it. It was just some stones, wood, flowers, grass.

Very quickly, he had eaten the fifth Huakuan Dan. At this time, he also used a month’s time!

He was also very frustrated at this rate. Just when he was starting to get impatient, he caught a dot of light. This dot of light was not as peaceful as before and was actually struggling.

It was a good thing that Chen Xiang had eaten the Huakuan Dan. Otherwise, his spirit would not be strong enough and he would be broken free by this light.

"My god, what the hell is this thing?" Let me have a good look! " Chen Xiang laughed, but just as he was about to take a look, the light suddenly flashed and transformed into a sword, slashing at his Spirit God crazily, the speed of the hacking was extremely fast, in a moment hacking his Spirit God into a mess.

"This is good stuff!" Chen Xiang’s ideal World Defying Stage Fierce Soul was something like a Fire Soul, but the sword spirit in front of him made him like it even more.

Although his spirit was hacked into pieces, he quickly gathered it back together.

"There are also quite a few Huakuan Dan’s medicinal powers, go!"

After Chen Xiang sensed the remaining medicinal power in his body, he immediately used the remaining medicinal power in his body, allowing his spirit to have an even stronger power, and then wrapped this speck of light with it.

"I’ve already caught him. Don’t tell me he’s going to drag him into my Divine Sense Sea?" Chen Xiang only had this thought, but his’ spirit ’had already returned to the Divine Sense Sea, and that extremely arrogant Sword Spirit had also entered his Divine Sense Sea.

"Coming to my territory, isn’t it easy to deal with you?" Chen Xiang laughed sinisterly, then used his own most powerful ’divine power’ to suppress the little sword-like World Defying Stage Fierce Soul.

He unceasingly released the World Defying Stage Fierce Power, allowing the World Defying Stage Fierce Power to wrap around the little sword layer by layer. After a period of time, the little sword had settled down and even established a connection with him.

Every vein in Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea had become one with the sword, and the sea water formed from the World Defying Stage Fierce Power was already churning in the Divine Sense Sea. The golden colored sea water continuously churned and whistled, and the light was getting brighter and brighter, as if it was evolving.

His World Defying Stage Fierce Power was becoming stronger, and other than that, he felt that his body had also changed!

... ....

Song Yichen, who had been standing guard outside the tree hole for a long time, could feel that there was quite a bit of movement coming from inside the tree hole. At such a short time! "

Because under normal circumstances, capturing World Defying Stage Fierce Soul was extremely difficult, especially for those who were able to capture the right one, it would take a lot of time! Ten thousand years isn’t a big deal.

But Chen Xiang was only a few months old!

Just as Song Yichen was startled, Chen Xiang walked out of the tree cave with a smile.

"Haha, I have finally stepped into the World Defying crazy realm!" Chen Xiang laughed out loud.

"Amazing!" Song Yichen exclaimed: "What’s your World Defying Stage Fierce Soul?"

"Um... It’s a sword. " Chen Xiang said: "Is it considered good?"

Chen Xiang had not used the Sword Soul before, but he felt that it must be very powerful, because after the Sword Soul entered his Divine Sense Sea, it caused all of the World Defying Stage Fierce Power in his Divine Sense Sea to evolve and become stronger. Even his body became stronger than before, with a very huge increase.

"Of course, this is a weapon type World Defying Stage Fierce Soul!" Song Yichen said with a look of envy on his face, "Your luck is really good, to be able to catch such a good World Defying Stage Fierce Soul so easily."

What he did not know was that Chen Xiang’s Primordial Sword Soul was actually from the third level of the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul!

"Brother Song, what’s your World Defying Stage Fierce Soul?" Chen Xiang asked curiously.

Song Yichen shook his head and sighed, then opened his palm. A very small gorilla appeared in his palm, and when this gorilla appeared, it jumped up and down Song Yichen’s body, and was very playful.

"Gorilla!" Chen Xiang couldn’t help but laugh.

"Don’t laugh at me, this World Defying Stage Fierce Soul is easier to find, and it belongs to the World Defying Stage Soul River s of the second floor. Zheng profound’s World Defying Stage Fierce Soul is also a gorilla." Song Yichen curled his lips.

"So that’s how it is. No wonder when you became Tiangu beast, you were all gorillas. Is this related to the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul?" Chen Xiang had previously captured many World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s on the third floor, and a majority of them were beast spirits. He had seen quite a few of them, but he had released them after.

"Yes, it has a great impact on the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul." Song Yichen nodded his head, "In the Heaven Old Super Realm, even if they are from there, most of their World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s are beast spirits, because beast spirits are easy to capture."

With no good conditions, many people would use the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul when they were capturing it, so people like Chen Xiang who had a unique sword spirit were rare.

Chen Xiang, on the other hand, had gone through many selections, mainly because he had very high quality Huakuan Dan s, all of which were condensed out from the Rivers and Flowers.