Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Pure Text Online Read Local Domain Name Mobile Phone Synchronous Read Please Visit

Chen Xiang had finally stepped into the World Defying crazy realm, and with his current strength, he could already move towards Myriad Tao. However, he felt that his current strength was not enough, and the environment above the Myriad Tao was even more cruel.

"Brother Song, what stage are you in right now?" asked. The World Defying crazy realm had four realms, which were the late stage of the early stage and the peak stage.

"Right now, I am only at the middle stage. I can only capture the second World Defying Stage Fierce Soul." Song Yichen said: "The time to capture the third World Defying Stage Fierce Soul has yet to come, and I don’t know when it will come either. I can only continue to cultivate and wait for the opportunity to come."

"Can we still continue capturing World Defying Stage Fierce Soul?" Chen Xiang did not expect this.

"Yes, among the four realms of the World Defying crazy realm, every realm requires one to be captured. This can also allow you to obtain even more powerful strength." Song Yichen said: "Right, do you need a Myriad Tao Divine Soil now? I can take you to get it! "

Chen Xiang thought, he felt that his current strength could be considered very strong, and was unsure if he could return to the Divine Wasteland.

"Brother Song, do you think I can go back?" Both Chen Xiang and Chen Xiang were currently unable to use the Myriad Tao Divine Soil to forge artifacts, and only Chen Cai was currently in the midst of the Divine Wasteland.

"Of course, but it will be more troublesome." Song Yichen said: "Right now, Zheng profound and I are unable to go out. Although we have already changed back to our original appearances, we are still natives, so we are unable to go out unless we can break this seal."

Chen Xiang looked at the three suns in the sky. One of the suns was given to them by the natives, it had always been able to provide them with energy.

"Un, I will now bring me to get some Myriad Tao Divine Soil s. I need to refine some powerful divine tools, and with those things, dealing with Heaven Old Imperial Family will be much easier." Chen Xiang said: "Your enemy is the Heaven Old Imperial Family!"

"Yes!" Song Yichen suddenly clenched his fists: "The Super Yang Divine Alter is inside the Heaven Old Imperial Palace. If we can take him back, our clan might be reborn ... ... I just think it’s possible. As for whether it’s true, I don’t know. "

"Have you guys tried to enter the Heaven Old Imperial Palace before?" Chen Xiang asked.

The moment Zheng profound and I got close to the imperial city, we were already discovered. After that, we had no choice but to flee to this place. Song Yichen said.

Of course Chen Xiang knew, if they weren’t terrifying, they wouldn’t have been able to exterminate a strong race.

"Let’s go, I’ll bring you to the Myriad Tao Divine Soil right now." Song Yichen was already floating.

Chen Xiang followed behind him, and under his lead, they flew into a patch of black mist in the distance.

"Is that the place to come in?" Chen Xiang asked. Previously, when he had entered this sealed region, he had encountered this kind of dense fog.

"No, that place is even more terrifying, but that is only for the people of the Heaven Old Divine Race and other races, for me, it is nothing, that place was once our tribe’s holy land, our Super Yang Divine Alter is inside, and a large number of Myriad Tao Divine Soil is inside." Song Yichen said.

When Chen Xiang thought about how he would soon get a large number of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s, he became extremely excited and couldn’t help but increase his speed.

He felt that if he could obtain a large number of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s, he must definitely thank Song Yichen and the others, so he planned to help Song Yichen and the others to take back the Super Yang Divine Alter s, and then help them to break the seal.

"Big Brother Zheng is so busy. I haven’t even seen him before." Chen Xiang said.

"He is looking for his companions and giving them the Myriad Tao’s Origin. He would also like to count how many of them can transform back into their human forms." Song Yichen said: "The Myriad Tao might not be enough, if the time is not right, I will need your help."

"No problem!" Chen Xiang laughed, it was not difficult for him, he only needed to use the derivation method to refine it, it would take some time.

"Then I’ll thank you first." Song Yichen laughed. He was extremely glad that he was able to recognize a powerful human like Chen Xiang, who could be of great help to him ...

Song Yichen had already brought Chen Xiang out of the dense fog, but he did not immediately go in. Instead, he waited outside, not knowing why.

"Why aren’t you going in yet?" After Chen Xiang waited for a while, and saw that Song Yichen was still watching, he was confused.

"It’s a bit strange inside. The last time I came, it wasn’t like this. What happened?" Song Yichen frowned.

"What’s so strange about that? I don’t feel anything!" Chen Xiang carefully checked the auras in his surroundings and didn’t find anything wrong.

"This feeling is something that you can’t discover. Only those who are very familiar with the interior can discover it." Song Yichen said, "I’ve grown up inside there since I was young, so I can immediately find out what changes there are."

"So what’s happening inside now? Is it getting dangerous? " Chen Xiang asked, if he could not go in now, he would feel regret.

"I can’t be sure, but something has changed! Are you afraid... "How about you wait for me outside and I’ll take a look inside." Song Yichen said: "If there’s no danger, I’ll come out again to find you."

"Let’s go in together." Of course Chen Xiang wasn’t afraid, he had just stepped into the World Defying crazy realm and he was extremely confident in himself. He felt that Song Yichen was only one realm higher than him, if he used his full strength, he might even be able to defeat Song Yichen.

"Alright, then you have to be careful!" Song Yichen knew that Chen Xiang was not weak, and he had even stepped into the World Defying crazy realm.

Just like this, he and Chen Xiang entered the Sacred Ground that was shrouded in black fog!

After entering, a domineering aura suddenly came over, scaring Chen Xiang and Song Yichen to the point that their faces turned pale.

"So strong!" Chen Xiang exclaimed in shock: "There is indeed a huge change here, what kind of powerful thing is hidden in your clan, to actually be so terrifying!" Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"I don’t know. This Holy Land is already very mysterious. Back then, all of the elders in the Holy Land died. I don’t know how many of our juniors there are. Although I came here a few times, there was no such change." Song Yichen shook his head.

Chen Xiang felt a chill down his spine. It was obvious that there was something powerful hidden inside, and it was something that had just awakened during this period of time. He just did not know what it was.

"Do we still need to go in?" Although Song Yichen was also a little afraid, he was also very curious. After all, this was related to the secrets of their race. He really wanted to go in and see what exactly was so scary about this place.

[Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]