Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"Since we’re already here, of course we have to go in and take a look." Chen Xiang laughed: "Come, let’s go in and see what it is!"

Song Yichen nodded.

Although this item was not very sturdy, with Feng Ke’er’s continuous strengthening, it could release all kinds of arrays or seals. It would be of great help to Chen Xiang, and his defensive power could be compared to it.

Standing on the Six Realms mirrors at this moment, Song Yichen also felt an inexplicable sense of security.

"This divine tool of yours looks really amazing!" Song Yichen praised.

"Hehe, if I had used a little more Myriad Tao Divine Soil refining, I could become even more powerful." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Yes, if everything goes well this time, you will be able to obtain a large number of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s. By then, it will be enough for you to strengthen this thing." Song Yichen said: "I’m just worried that there might be some unforeseen events, at that time, it will be difficult to obtain Myriad Tao Divine Soil s."

"Don’t worry, there aren’t any unforeseen events here." Chen Xiang didn’t think much of it. Although the aura from before was very scary, he didn’t feel any sense of danger, so he was more at ease.

After entering, Chen Xiang saw that there were ruins everywhere. The buildings inside had already been destroyed, but even after so many years, they did not decay!

"The construction materials of this Sacred Land are quite good. After so many years, they should have already decayed." Chen Xiang exclaimed, because when this place was destroyed, it was already many thousands of years ago.

"The building materials here are all added into the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, so they won’t rot so easily." Song Yichen’s words rendered him speechless.

To actually use the Myriad Tao Divine Soil to build houses, this was simply extravagant. Even those experts above the Myriad Tao would not be able to imagine that! No wonder the Heaven Old Divine Race was so jealous. They wanted to eliminate this clan no matter what and snatch the Myriad Tao Divine Soil s here. It was just that they had been busy for nothing and did not manage to obtain many Myriad Tao Divine Soil s.

"Right, if you didn’t bring me in, what kind of danger would you encounter?" Chen Xiang asked. Suddenly, a gust of cold wind blew over, causing him to feel a little gloomy and gloomy.

"I don’t know..." Song Yichen thought for a while, and then said two words: "I know that the people from the other races, if they were able to get out of here, would either be crazy or be heavily injured."

"Back then, when the old experts from the Heaven Old Divine Race entered the place for the first time and took the Super Yang Divine Alter away, they thought that the mysterious power would be weakened. However, the second time they sent someone in, those people came out with their bodies covered in cracks and wounds, and they died miserably and miserably." Song Yichen said: "Back then, those Heaven Old Divine Race people were all in the middle stage of the World Defying crazy realm, some of them were even stronger than me!"

"Then will I be alright!?" Chen Xiang was shocked and worried.

"No, as long as I’m by your side, that power won’t appear." Seeing Chen Xiang’s pale face, Song Yichen could not help but laugh. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Although Song Yichen was very sure, but Chen Xiang was still a bit worried.

The Six Realms mirrors was flying rather slowly, so Chen Xiang didn’t dare to increase his speed right now either.

This Sacred Ground looked to be shrouded by black fog from the outside, but after entering, it was not completely dark, it was just rather dark. If one looked carefully, they could see a lot of things, and Chen Xiang would be able to see many broken down houses.

"This place is the center of the Sacred Land!" Song Yichen suddenly pointed to a deep pit in front of them.

Chen Xiang looked ahead and said: "Was there originally a huge pit in the middle of your Sacred Grounds?"

The pit was very big and very deep. Chen Xiang felt that this didn’t seem like the middle of a Sacred Ground at all!

"Of course not, that place was originally a square, but because of the outbreak of the battle and the Super Yang Divine Alter being taken away from the center, it became like this." Song Yichen said helplessly: "The Sacred Ground has been completely destroyed!"

Chen Xiang controlled the Six Realms mirrors to fly over. He originally wanted to go closer, but when he got closer, he felt that the Six Realms mirrors had suddenly lost control!

"Chen Xiang, don’t go over there. Myriad Tao Divine Soil isn’t over there." Song Yichen immediately shouted.

However, Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors still flew over, causing Song Yichen to be anxious.

"Chen Xiang, stop!" Song Yichen urged.

"I can’t stop!" Chen Xiang was also worried. For some reason, his Six Realms mirrors was not under his control and it flew over directly.

"Why can’t I stop?" After Song Yichen asked, he also received an answer, because he felt a suction force pulling them into the deep pit in the middle.

"Crap!" Chen Xiang immediately flew up, wanting to fly away from the suction force, but to no avail.

"You can’t escape?" Song Yichen shouted in alarm, and then, he dragged Chen Xiang. He wanted to fly out, but no matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t send him flying.

By now, they were halfway down the deep hole.

"Haha, all of you stop struggling. I’m going to eat all of you." A sinister laughter came from below. When Chen Xiang heard it, he flew up with all his might.

However, no matter how hard he and Song Yichen tried, they couldn’t fly up. Furthermore, Chen Xiang also used the Time and space power, it was useless.

"Don’t be afraid!" Song Yichen took a deep breath, and said: "We need to calm down!"

Chen Xiang nodded, "Mn!"

The two of them calmed down and did not continue flying upwards. Chen Xiang tightly held onto the Heavenly magic sword and its body, if anything were to happen, he would be able to react in time.

Very soon, they reached the bottom. This place was not dark at all, and there was even a dim golden light.

"This is the Myriad Tao Divine Soil!" Chen Xiang shouted in alarm, there were a lot of Myriad Tao Divine Soil here, and it was all over the ground.

"Haha ..." You can’t take it with you, and I’m going to eat you. " The savage voice laughed again.

Hearing the sinister laughter, Chen Xiang and Song Yichen immediately looked over. On one of the stone walls, there was an old man with a few swords stuck to his body. It was these swords that had nailed him to the stone wall.

"It’s someone from the Heaven Old Divine Race, and a member of the Heaven Old Imperial Family at that!" Song Yichen said angrily: "Why is this guy here!"

"All of you, come over here." The old man laughed out loud, his body suddenly leaking out a faint red light aura, a suction force suddenly appeared and sucked Song Yichen and Chen Xiang over.

When Chen Xiang and Song Yichen were sucked towards that old man, they attacked him, especially Song Yichen. Punches after punches of World Defying Stage Fierce Power continued to be thrown out, smashing into the body of the old man, but this old man was completely fine.