Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Disdaining the World

Translated By: Ash

Edited By: Moxie

Last time in the Southern Wasteland, the Beast Martial Sect and the Proud Sword Sect both acted against Chen Xiang. However, the materialization of Perishing Golden Body by Gu Dongchen made the Deans realize that he was a Nirvana Realm martial artist who had crossed seven tribulations, and that was why Proud Sword Sect’s Yue Jianglin had to furiously leave at that time.

"This guy has crossed the eighth tribulation, that’s the disdaining the world aura! If he can cross the ninth tribulation, then he can break the space and ascend to the Heavenly Realm, that’s why it can be said that he is strongest in the Mortal World." Su Meiyao was also taken aback; she could not help but marvel in astonishment.

Above the tower, two beauties were also itching for action, but just as they were about to move, they were incomparably surprised.

"Is that the disdaining the world aura obtained after crossing the eighth tribulation? Very formidable!" Liu Menger, thinking of the seventh tribulation she would be crossing sooner or later, could not help but lightly sigh. For every Nirvana Realm martial artist, crossing a tribulation was extremely terrifying.

"Menger, you are not weak, the seventh tribulation should not be problem for you! When I was as strong as you, I was able to cross the seventh tribulation with ease." Hua Xiangyue said.

If Cheng Xiang knew that Hua Xiangyue had crossed the seventh tribulation, he would certainly be dumbfounded. He already knew Hua Xiangyue was hiding a lot of secrets, but he couldn’t ask anything to her.

Now everyone understood why the Extreme Martial Sect was so strong. Not only was its Dean too overbearing, he was also valiant. He could shelter his own disciple from bullying.

"Little Gu... you, you have actually arrived at this step already!" Xiao Ziliang had a solemn expression as his eyes carried a trace of fear; he had truly underestimated Gu Dongchen.

Tang Yichao was even more frightened. Last time, when Gu Dongchen had revealed he had crossed the seventh tribulation, it scared the hell out of him. However, he would have never expected that Gu Dongchen was still concealing his strength.

"Xiao Ziliang, not to mention my grandmaster, you can’t even compare with me! If my master is here, with just a single finger, he can pinch you to death!" Gu Dongchen proudly said; the aura he released had completely suppressed Xiao Ziliang, to the point where he couldn’t even utter a single word. At this moment, he was in tremendous amount of pain.

Gu Dongchen’s master was also one of the legendary Deans of the Extreme Martial Sect. At a very young age, he had already ascended to the Heavenly Realm. Indeed if he was here, he could have easily pinched Xiao Ziliang to death with just one of his fingers.

"Dean, this is my business, I want to solve it myself! I also don’t want them to continue to pester me. Today, we must settle everything." Chen Xiang suddenly said.

If this continued, the Extreme Martial Sect’s conflicts with the other sects would definitely escalate . Although Chen Xiang was not worried about the Extreme Martial Sect and the other sects, he was worried about the Great Battle of the Three Realms. Gu Dongchen was indeed strong; if it was one-on-one, he was invincible in the Chenwu Mainland. However, if these Deans attacked together, it would be difficult to say.

Since Gu Dongchen was the strongest in the Chenwu Mainland, once the Great Battle of the Three Realms broke out, his strength would play a crucial role in resisting those powerful devils.

"Good!" Gu Dongchen immediately retracted his imposing manner. Suddenly, everyone felt extremely relaxed. Underneath the stage, everyone secretly decided that, in the future, wherever they saw this guy, they would immediately run far away from him; the feeling they just had was extremely uncomfortable.

Now, Xiao Ziliang also didn’t dare to be so arrogant. At present, he had only crossed seven tribulation; he certainly could not compare to Gu Dongchen who had already crossed eight tribulations. Although he was a character from Huang Jintian’s era, he was still worried that he would die while crossing the tribulation. Because of that, he had forcefully suppressed his strength and didn’t dare to advance. Unless he had the absolute certainty, he would vanish in a puff of smoke while crossing the tribulation.

"Good, now that’s a true man! Since you want it to be like this, then we will use the most ancient way to settle our scores. How about it? Let’s settle it with a fight." Xiao Ziliang said. He very much wanted Chen Xiang dead. There was such a good seedling in the Extreme Martial Sect, and if nurtured well, then in the future he would definitely become a legendary Dean of the Extreme Martial Sect. Moreover, Chen Xiang’s way of conduct was also very appropriate for a Dean.

"Not a problem at all, but if it’s not fair, I will not accept it!" Chen Xiang replied. He could not let anyone cheat him. Especially that it was about fighting, he was not afraid at all.

"Our Free Immortal Sea and the Beast Martial Sect, the True Martial Sect will each send a disciple with the same cultivation as you to fight with you. If you lose, you must accept some of our conditions. And if you won, then everything is settled between us." Xiao Ziliang said. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

At this time, Yue Jianglin, who was hidden among the crowd, suddenly appeared and said, "Count our Proud Sword Sect in too!"

Gu Dongchen sneered, "Humph, four guys taking turns to fight one guy? Win, then everything is cleared, and if lost, then be forced to do your biddings? You’re extremely shameless! Honorable Nirvana Realm martial artists, Deans of a major sect, are unexpectedly bullying an inexperienced brat like this. In the future, the lot of you should better not mention this to anyone in the Chenwu Mainland, lest you lose your prestige!"

Facing Gu Dongchen’s cynicism, Xiao Ziliang and the others blushed in shame.

"Yes, it was your disciples who attacked us first. If you want it to be fair, then if Chen Xiang won, you must give him an apology." Wu Kaiming said.

Chen Xiang said, "Is an apology worth something? If I win, you must compensate me. Each losing sect must give me 100 million, how about it? If you cannot bear to compensate, then don’t talk anything about settling the scores!"

Quite ruthless! Gu Dongchen and Wu Kaiming, in their hearts, secretary praised Chen Xiang.

The winner is right, and the losers are wrong. Although it seemed to be rather simple, it was the only way to settle the differences. Moreover, both sides could win.

A fight was eventually going to happen; even if the crowd underneath the stage could not dare to cheer, they were all secretly excited in their heart. Chen Xiang was not only amazing in alchemy, he was also very strong. The Extreme Martial Sect’s disciples were not oblivious to this. Those who had fought with Chen Xiang didn’t have a very good end.

If Chen Xiang lost, he had to agree to some of the conditions of those sects; it was nothing but a kind of compensation. This was very much similar to a gambling.

"Are you happy!" Gu Dongchen coldly said. Currently, the Beast Martial Sect didn’t have any Dean, however, they still had the Elders who had also arrived at the stage. Chen Xiang was an alchemist; if he lost, then they could make him pay with some dans. That was rather more cost-effective.

"No problem! My Free Immortal Sea agrees." Xiao Ziliang said. 100 million for him was nothing; they just want a bit of face. They want Chen Xiang to admit he was in the wrong. Although it was the Free Immortal Sea who was truly in the wrong, they just didn’t want to admit, because it would very well damage their overall prestige.

The Proud Sword Sect, the True Martial Sect and the Beast Martial Sect also readily agreed.

Lian Yingxiao smiled. Liu Menger and Hua Xiangyue also started smiling. Weren’t they simply seeking death in fighting with Chen Xiang? They were all very clear how powerful Chen Xiang was.

"Menger, look, how can such a lively scene be happening without me!?" Hua Xiangyue naughtily smiled before flying out of the window. In the blink of an eye, she swept over to the arena.

Seeing such a stunning figure on the stage, all the males were suddenly gasping for breath. Hua Xiangyue rarely made appearances, but she was known to be the first beauty of the Danxiang Taoyuan.

"You want to fight here?" Hua Xiangyue asked with a voice carrying a sliver of anger. It was her property, and someone was casually making trouble on it. This was equivalent to looking down on her. Certainly, she would be very angry.