Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"You Turkish brats, you’re dead meat. I’ve waited for so long. Finally, you’ve come. Today, let me have a feast." The old man laughed out loud. His strength was extremely strong, and Song Yichen’s attack was actually useless against him.

Chen Xiang’s hand that was holding onto the Heavenly magic sword was already drenched in sweat. If he used the Heavenly magic sword’s method to kill the old man, both he and Song Yichen would probably be eaten.

"I want to eat ..." The old man laughed sinisterly. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Eat your grandpa!" When Chen Xiang got closer, he swung the Heavenly magic sword past the old man’s neck and immediately beheaded him.

After the head fell to the ground, the suction force immediately disappeared.

"A divine weapon refined by the Myriad Tao Divine Soil ... This is impossible, you Turkish people already don’t have a Refiner to forge for you, you don’t have such powerful divine weapons. " The old man was shocked, he did not expect Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword to be so terrifying, to the point of forgetting to defend.

Chen Xiang sneered: "How is that impossible? Didn’t you see it now? "Old man, go to hell!"

After that, Song Yichen immediately flew over, gathered the power of his body onto his leg, and then fiercely stepped on the head!

Boom, after his head was stepped on, it released a wave of Qi, Chen Xiang anxiously took out the World Defying mad source bead s from his body and threw them into the Tianchuang furnace s.

"That was close!" Song Yichen heaved a sigh of relief. They were almost eaten just now.

After Chen Xiang took the World Defying mad source bead, he started to dig out the large number of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s.

"Why are there so many Myriad Tao Divine Soil s here?" Chen Xiang asked: "Didn’t you say you aren’t here?"

"Maybe we’re in the depths of this place, so it’s possible that it might appear ...." Song Yichen walked over and looked. He frowned: "That’s not right, these Myriad Tao Divine Soil were obtained from some other place. Could it be that someone obtained the Myriad Tao Divine Soil and threw it here?"

Chen Xiang took away the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Tribe members here, they weighed tens of thousands of kilograms.

"So much is enough!" Chen Xiang was a very easily satisfied person: "Let’s go back after we go up, these Myriad Tao Divine Soil are enough for me."

"No, how can this little be enough?" Song Yichen felt that it was very rare, because he had seen many Myriad Tao Divine Soil s before.

"Alright, then let’s continue looking for the Myriad Tao Divine Soil ..." Chen Xiang looked at the corpse, and frowned: "Why is this fellow nailed here? Let’s go see the swords that nailed him. "

Chen Xiang walked over and pulled out a sword and looked at it carefully, then said: "These swords are all mixed with Myriad Tao Divine Soil, but they don’t have as many as mine!"

"Yes, and these swords are all from the Heaven Old Divine Race." Song Yichen was even more doubtful.

Chen Xiang released the Well-informed Ghost who had been in seclusion in You Yao Mountain Villa for a long time.

"Well-informed Ghost, take a look and see if you can collect all the residual souls here. I would like to know a few things." Chen Xiang said to Well-informed Ghost, who had been following him this entire time.

Back then, the Well-informed Ghost was trapped in a small house inside the Myriad Tao Mausoleum, so he himself liked peace and quiet. Moreover, in a remote corner of the You Yao Mountain Villa, there was a small house.

"No problem!" The Well-informed Ghost said.

Chen Xiang’s Soul Absorbing Devil Spell could not be used on very strong people, otherwise they would suffer a backlash. If it was a serious case, it would greatly injure his soul, so he himself did not dare to randomly compare it to those people who were much stronger than him.

Well-informed Ghost had collected a large number of residual souls!

"I want to know why there are so many Myriad Tao Divine Soil s here." Chen Xiang said.

"These Myriad Tao Divine Soil s were all gathered together by seven of the elders from the Heaven Old Divine Race. When they first took away the Super Yang Divine Alter s above, they discovered that there was a deep pit here, and then they all came down together. When they came down, they were worried that something might happen to the Myriad Tao Divine Soil s, so they poured them out and prepared to divide them up.

"But they didn’t dare to kill him because if this Great Elder died, they would be suspected as well, so they used a sword formation to pin him to the wall. But the moment they finished, Great Elder used a secret technique to absorb all the energy from their bodies, so they died as well."

After Chen Xiang and Song Yichen finished listening, they didn’t know whether to laugh or cry.

Previously, Chen Xiang had witnessed the character of the Heaven Old Divine Race.

Chen Xiang let the Well-informed Ghost return to the inside of the You Yao Mountain Villa, then looked at Song Yichen and said, "They originally wanted to explore this deep pit, but something like that happened. Should we continue?"

"Yes!" Song Yichen immediately made a decision, looked at the cave, and said with a frown: "But there’s no exit here!"

Chen Xiang laughed: "We’ll see!"

He let out a large number of Heaven devouring rat and flew all around, finding a place where there was a huge rock blocking the way. A Heaven devouring rat could enter through a crack in the rock and then go to a passage.

"Over there!" Chen Xiang said, then walked over, and easily split the huge boulder with the Six Realms mirrors, revealing a hole.

"This should be left behind by your race, I wonder what it’s hiding." Chen Xiang said.

"Let’s go in and take a look!" Even though I am a native, over all these years, I have always been a beast, and never explored this Sacred Ground that was destroyed. " Song Yichen sighed, "I must have a good look at it now!"

Chen Xiang took out a luminescent stone, and then, together with Song Yichen, they entered the tunnel.

The moment they stepped into the tunnel, they felt a terrifying aura. This aura was the same as the one they felt before, causing them to suddenly stop, not daring to continue forwards!

"It’s actually here!" Chen Xiang shivered. The aura that they were extremely afraid of, was precisely released from the depths of this passage.

They didn’t know what it was!

"Now, we can clearly feel this aura. Although it is very frightening, there is no danger." Song Yichen said: "Chen Xiang, wait for me here. I will go in myself. Just tell Zheng profound and leave the matter of taking revenge on the Heaven Old Divine Race to him. "

"What kind of joke is this? We came together, so of course we have to go in together." Chen Xiang released a Heaven devouring rat, causing it to turn into a Mouse Man. "I’ll let this guy scout the way first!"

To make it safer, Chen Xiang released more Mouse Man s. There were more than ten of them, and they were walking in front of the tunnel.

"Alright, you have so many tricks up your sleeves. Maybe you will be there, so I will be." Song Yichen curled his lips.