Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Song Yichen didn’t really want Chen Xiang to go in with him, if he met with any danger, he would feel extremely sorry for Chen Xiang. Previously, when they met the Great Clan Elder of Heaven Old Divine Race, the two of them almost died.

"Don’t worry. If there really is danger, we won’t be able to survive until now." Chen Xiang laughed and patted Song Yichen’s shoulder, "The thing inside should not be a living being. Although it has a very powerful aura, it does not carry any emotion, nor joy, anger and sorrow."

Song Yichen also agreed with this point. They had only felt an extremely terrifying aura, and did not feel any emotion from the aura. Otherwise, they would have been able to differentiate between the two.

If it was the aura of a strong Ranker, they would more or less carry a sense of pride or deterrence, but this aura did not exist, it was only strong, so Chen Xiang speculated that it was likely something that was released. Something like this was most likely a strong energy source or something.

Chen Xiang and Song Yichen were extremely at ease as they walked along the tunnel. They did not know why, but the more they walked in, the more relieved they felt. Even when they released that aura once again, they did not feel any fear!

Especially for Song Yichen, when he entered the depths of the passage, he felt an indescribable sense of security.

"What exactly is this thing? Why does it make me feel this way?" Song Yichen was very suspicious, "I suddenly have a very intimate feeling, why is it like this?"

"This might be related to your race, that’s why you feel this way." Chen Xiang laughed: "This is a good thing, let’s go in!"

Song Yichen nodded, then increased his pace.

Half an hour later, Chen Xiang and Song Yichen walked out of the passageway and arrived at a gigantic underground palace.

In the middle of the underground palace was a very short and very old altar.

The altar was constructed very simply and looked like it was made from stone. The stacking of the stones was not very neat and was very rough.

However, that terrifying aura was being released by this altar!

"What kind of Super Yang Divine Alter is this!" Song Yichen was shocked, and then shouted in shock: "Even though it looks rather old and worn out, Super Yang Divine Alter is like this."

Chen Xiang had already walked over. This Super Yang Divine Alter was not tall, only thirty meters or so, and it was not very big either.

He had seen many huge altars and things like that, and this was the one that was rotten and small.

"Is that how you Turkish Super Yang Divine Alter are?" Chen Xiang did not doubt the power of the Super Yang Divine Alter, but it seemed too weak.

"Of course not... This is an ancient Super Yang Divine Alter, our previous Super Yang Divine Alter did exactly this. I thought that after becoming an ancient Super Yang Divine Alter again, this old one would be of no use, but I never thought that he would actually be so terrifying. " Song Yichen shook his head: "The reconstructed Super Yang Divine Alter is very big and beautiful, but its shape is exactly the same as this one."

"What is the use of this Super Yang Divine Alter?" Chen Xiang touched it with his hand and that terrifying aura surged out again. It frightened him so much that he hurriedly took a few steps back.

"I don’t know. It must be useful." Song Yichen had already stepped onto the Super Yang Divine Alter.

After Song Yichen went up, the Super Yang Divine Alter did not release any kind of aura either.

"Why is there such a big commotion from just a touch? It would be fine even if you go up there!" Chen Xiang touched it again, and that terrifying aura appeared again.

"Maybe it’s because I’m Turkish." Song Yichen sighed: "All those years ago, the seniors in our clan were no longer here, if not they would have known how to use this Super Yang Divine Alter."

Chen Xiang’s eyes lit up, and he summoned Well-informed Ghost out.

"Well-informed Ghost, let’s see if there are any residual souls here. We want to know what use this Super Yang Divine Alter has." Chen Xiang said.

Well-informed Ghost nodded, sat down cross-legged and began cultivating, using his unique technique to sense the remnants of the soul.

Song Yichen had seen the abilities of the Well-informed Ghost before, he knew the capabilities of the Well-informed Ghost, and currently, he was really looking forward to see if the Well-informed Ghost could succeed. If he could succeed, then they would know the use of this Super Yang Divine Alter.

After a few hours, Well-informed Ghost finally had something to gain!

"This is one of the nine great Super Yang Divine Alter s." The Well-informed Ghost said, "I can only gather a small amount of information. Although there are a lot of residual souls here, because they have existed for many years, there aren’t many memories left inside."

"Mm, tell me what you know." Chen Xiang nodded.

"When it was very ancient, there existed a Super Yang Divine Race. This Super Yang Divine Race was originally in the world of the Myriad Tao, but later on, when they obtained the power of the sun, they were able to separate themselves from the Myriad Tao and open up a Heaven Old Super Realm. He was originally called the Super Yang Realm."

Song Yichen said as he furrowed his brows, "There is a legend within our clan that after our ancestors escaped from the Myriad Tao, they were able to create their own sun and then let the sun provide us with its power!"

"Yes, at that time, this place was called Super Yang Realm, but after it was separated, because there was a division within the Super Yang Divine Race, two worlds were separated. This place is called Heaven Old Super Realm, and the other is called Super Yang Realm." The Well-informed Ghost said, "You only have three suns left, and only the three clans remain!"

"Originally, the Heaven Old Super Realm had five Super Yang Divine Race s. There was a total of five suns in the sky. Then the other two were wiped out, so there were only three suns left. " The Well-informed Ghost said.

There were indeed only three clans left in the Heaven Old Super Realm, the Heaven Old Orcs and the Heaven Old Divine Race both still existed. Although the Turkish people were sealed, they were still alive and not exterminated.

If the Tus were to be exterminated, then there would only be two suns left, and the energy here would be greatly reduced. This was also the reason why the people of Heaven Old Divine Race did not intend to exterminate the Tus.

"Then where is the Super Yang Realm?" Chen Xiang was extremely curious, he never thought that there would actually be other strong races. These races were all as strong as the Heaven Old Divine Race, but he didn’t know what their characters were like.

"This Super Yang Divine Alter can open a passage and connect two worlds, but this Super Yang Divine Alter is already damaged." Well-informed Ghost said: "According to the memories I obtained, I mentioned that I would need some Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals to repair this broken Super Yang Divine Alter."

Chen Xiang looked at Song Yichen. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, this is an extremely rare thing." Song Yichen carefully checked the Super Yang Divine Alter and found a few indented square on top of the Super Yang Divine Alter.

"There are a total of nine squares. Do you need Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals of the same size to be placed inside?" Song Yichen shook his head: "It’s very difficult to get hold of so many Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals!"