Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Song Yichen was very helpless at the moment, he was relatively familiar with the matters of their people.

"Stoneman, the damage to your body is really strange!" Chen Xiang asked: "Why is there a lack of nine squares? This must be man-made... If you were really made from Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, then to be able to take so many pieces of your body, you must have used a very powerful godly weapon! "

"Isn’t this the work of that stupid chief of the Tu Clan?" Spirit of Divine Alter scolded: "Back then that guy was tricked, so he took the most important nine pieces of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals from me. Without those nine pieces of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, I would basically be a trash, and other than scaring me, I can’t do anything else!"

"Why did the Old Ancestor steal the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals?" Song Yichen asked.

"There were originally nine of these ancient Super Yang Divine Alter s, and each clan had one was also used by the Super Yang Old Ancestor to prevent their clans from killing each other. However, the other eight races had teamed up together and found a way to break the rules. They destroyed all the ancient Super Yang Divine Alter in their clan, then used it to rebuild their own clan and used it to acquire World Defying Stage Fierce Power." Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"At that time, I was the only one left in the ancient Super Yang Divine Alter, and the Patriarchs of the other eight clans were worried that I would restrain them in the future, so they lied to your foolish patriarch and let him destroy me."

Who asked him to be naturally honest? He was easily convinced, but he wasn’t hopelessly stupid, so he only dug out nine pieces of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals from my body. "" Alright!

"Not long after they were dug up, the boundary was separated and they started to fight. You should know what happened after that, right?"

Chen Xiang laughed: "Stoneman, it seems like you are still strong after all, and those guys are actually so afraid of you! If I repair you, can you make the two realms fuse again? "

"Of course it’s okay, but the question is, can you get me back? This is extremely difficult, even the Super Yang Old Ancestor would need a lot of time to get here ... If it was you, then it would need even more time. The Spirit of Divine Alter sighed.

"Isn’t it just using Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals? "How hard is it?" Chen Xiang did not think so, "Aren’t there a lot of Myriad Tao Divine Soil? It shouldn’t be hard to find Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, you made it using Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals yourself, didn’t it? "

"Do you know that I am the strongest one among the nine Ancient Super Yang Divine Alter s? Furthermore, in order to repair the nine damaged parts on my body, I would need Crystal emperor s as well. " Spirit of Divine Alter said: "It’s easier to find ordinary Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, but Crystal emperor are different!"

Song Yichen’s face was filled with despair, it could be seen how difficult the Crystal emperor s were to him!

"Are Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals really that powerful?" Chen Xiang told Feng Ke’er to come out from You Yao Mountain Villa.

After Feng Ke’er appeared, the Spirit of Divine Alter chuckled. "What a cute girl, I really want to pinch!"

"If you don’t have a hand, how are you going to pinch me?" Feng Ke’er chuckled.

"Girl, you’re not simple! We are of the same species! " Spirit of Divine Alter laughed: "If I recover, I can also run out."

They were indeed of the same species, Feng Ke’er was a spirit born from the seal, and the Spirit of Divine Alter was also born from a divine altar.

"Ke Er, take out that needle of yours and let’s see if it can pierce through!" Chen Xiang said: "These are Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, they should be very sturdy."

Feng Ke’er took out her extremely powerful golden needle.

Seeing the golden needle, Spirit of Divine Alter shouted, "Don’t mess around, this needle will definitely pierce through my body! The majority of me were refined using Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, and only the nine places that were refined using Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals were used by Crystal emperor s, I am very weak! "

"Really? This golden needle is so powerful! " Feng Ke’er also felt that it was unexpected.

"Very powerful, this golden needle is made from Tao-creation materials ... The materials used to create Myriad Tao, how amazing are you? The Crystal emperor of the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal can’t even take a single gentle needle from you. " Spirit of Divine Alter immediately shouted: "Don’t try to prick me again, I will hurt."

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" Feng Ke’er exclaimed. She knew that her [Gold Needle] was very strong, she never thought that she would never hear of the materials used to refine it.

Chen Xiang was glad that he did not use his Heavenly magic sword to try, otherwise, he would definitely be crippled. The golden needle in Feng Ke’er’s hand was far more terrifying than he had imagined.

"Stone man, I know how to refine pills, do you think I can refine Crystal emperor s with the method of refining pills?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Well... If you know about Heavenly Alchemy, maybe you can. " Spirit of Divine Alter said: "Of course, if you want to comprehend the various pill refining methods of the Heavenly Alchemy, and master them, there might be hope!"

"You know about the Heavenly Alchemy!" Chen Xiang was very surprised that the Heavenly Alchemy was actually so ancient. He already knew that the Heavenly Alchemy was a part of the Myriad Tao’s divine arts.

"Of course I know, it’s from the Myriad Tao Divine Arts." Spirit of Divine Alter said: "Back then, Super Yang Old Ancestor used these cultivation techniques to refine the nine suns, and Crystal emperor s with Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals were extremely rare.

"What a coincidence, I know the Myriad Tao technique." Chen Xiang laughed: "I am most familiar with the Heavenly Alchemy, I had a Myriad Tao Divine Soil who refined this sword before!"

"This sword was crafted using the Myriad Tao Divine Soil. Is this really a material that you refined using the Myriad Tao Divine Soil?" Spirit of Divine Alter was very surprised, he did not expect to meet such a powerful human.

"I thought that humans who knew about Heavenly Alchemy had already become extinct!" Spirit of Divine Alter exclaimed once again.

"I did die many times." Chen Xiang laughed: "Then tell me now, where I can obtain the Myriad Tao Divine Soil’s Crystal, and at that time, I will be able to use the power of time to complete it faster, and you can recover faster."

The Myriad Tao Divine Soil’s Crystal was much stronger than the Myriad Tao Divine Soil’s Crystal. Chen Xiang felt that refining this kind of crystal into a Divine Artifact would be very good, although his current Heavenly magic sword was already very strong, he hoped to be stronger.

"Okay, now we have to think it over." Spirit of Divine Alter was already getting serious. After being wasted for such a long time, he also wanted to recover his godly strength as soon as possible. This was a great opportunity.

This area has a large number of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s. Initially, the other eight races wanted to take over this area, but after a round of fighting, Heaven Old Divine Race and the rest successfully separated the other races into the Super Yang Realm. "Feng Shen Shi said. The Spirit of Divine Alter said, "Afterwards, they annihilated two more races. There were only three suns left here and now, the Heaven Old Divine Race controls two suns. If I can recover, I can take back a new sun. "