Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Taking back a sun was a very important thing to the Tu Clan. When Song Yichen heard about it, he was very excited, otherwise they would need to go to the Heaven Old Imperial Palace to get back that new Super Yang Divine Alter and take back the control of a new sun. The vertex says,. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

"Spirit of Divine Alter, if you recover, will the clan members who become Tiangu beast recover as well?" Song Yichen’s heart ached whenever he thought of these clansmen, especially those huge clansmen. There was basically no chance for them to recover.

"I can’t guarantee... I may only be able to recover some of my soul which has not been corroded. When the time comes, I will try my best to help you all. " Spirit of Divine Alter said.

If he wanted the ancient Super Yang Divine Alter to recover its original strength, he would have to get the Crystal emperor with the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal. This was the only way.

Now, only Chen Xiang was able to accomplish it. This burden had fallen onto his shoulders, making him feel an extremely huge pressure, and he didn’t know if he would succeed or not.

Song Yichen had placed all her hopes on him!

"Don’t worry, I will do my best." Chen Xiang laughed: "If I can recover the power of this boulder, I don’t need to hide from the Heaven Old Divine Race people anymore, I can just stay here safely."

"That’s true. Even though I am the most ancient Super Yang Divine Alter, I am actually very powerful. The Super Yang Old Ancestor had invested a lot in me." Spirit of Divine Alter chuckled. "Next, all you need to do is to go to the place where Myriad Tao Divine Soil is and find a portion of the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, and then use these Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals to refine Crystal emperor."

"I haven’t seen Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals in many years. Is there really a place like that?" Song Yichen asked.

"You’ll know when you go look. I believe that you’ll definitely find a large amount of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals." Spirit of Divine Alter said: "It’s been many years since you’ve seen it, and this place is always sealed. No one has set foot in the area that Myriad Tao Divine Soil is in for many years, so a large amount of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals will definitely be born from within."

Chen Xiang had heard from Song Yichen that this area was extremely dangerous, if no Turkish people led them in, they would most likely be killed inside, even the most powerful World Defying crazy realm Rankers would be the same.

"Alright, I understand." Song Yichen nodded, it had been many years since he went to that place, after hearing what the Spirit of Divine Alter said, he felt that it was true.

Just as Song Yichen and Chen Xiang were discussing which direction to go, Spirit of Divine Alter suddenly spoke in a low voice: "The Heaven Old Divine Race is here, and they are very strong. There are two of them in total, quickly leave through the other path!"

Just as the Spirit of Divine Alter was done, a path appeared on one of the walls in the huge stone room.

"Spirit of Divine Alter, what about you? Will you be okay? " Song Yichen was a little worried, because the Spirit of Divine Alter was still very weak, and this ancient Super Yang Divine Alter was once again destroyed.

"Don’t worry, I won’t be destroyed that easily." The Spirit of Divine Alter urged them, "Hurry up and leave, otherwise if they come, you won’t be able to leave."

Song Yichen and Chen Xiang anxiously rushed through the passage, and after they entered the passage, a door automatically closed.

Following that, Chen Xiang and Song Yichen also heard two loud laughs coming over through the stone wall.

"Haha, we finally found the Super Yang Divine Alter from back then." It was the voice of an old man. Song Yichen and Chen Xiang did not leave, they only had their ears pressed to the wall and could hear the voices coming from inside.

"The ancient Super Yang Divine Alter is only mediocre!"

"Big brother, look at the materials used to make this Super Yang Divine Alter, they were actually made from Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals. Back then, Super Yang Old Ancestor was too biased, he actually gave the best Super Yang Divine Alter to this group of stupid natives."

"Don’t worry, although this Super Yang Divine Alter was refined using the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal, the most important part of it has already been destroyed, and only the Crystal emperor with the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal can repair it." The big brother laughed and said, "Let’s try and see if we can take this Super Yang Divine Alter down. These Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals are enough for us to refine a set of equipment."

"I heard that the ancient Super Yang Divine Alter in our clan was only refined using the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, and this Turkish used the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal. If it was recovered, wouldn’t it be very powerful?"

"Yes, this is the strongest Super Yang Divine Alter. Back then, the other eight clans also waited for this strongest Super Yang Divine Alter to be destroyed before they attacked. Otherwise, even if the other eight clans joined forces, they still wouldn’t be able to eliminate the Tu Clan."

RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU...!

A series of explosions could be heard. The two elders had already started fighting, Chen Xiang and Song Yichen were extremely worried that this Super Yang Divine Alter would be destroyed.

"These fellows should all be World Defying crazy realm s that are close to the peak. They can be considered powerful existences in the Heaven Old Divine Race, if not they would not dare to come here on their own." Song Yichen sighed: "I wonder if this Super Yang Divine Alter will be taken down."

"Of course not, this Super Yang Divine Alter would already be very powerful if he could still be here. It’s not that easy to destroy him." Chen Xiang said.

The shockwave never stopped, and even after half a day, Chen Xiang and Song Yichen still did not leave.

"Big brother, this thing is completely unharmed. We can’t take it down at all. What should we do?" An old man said: "If we can’t tear it down, then we will have to travel a hundred times. I don’t want to enter that damned place to retrieve my Myriad Tao Divine Soil, it’s too scary.

"Yes, the Tiangu beast here are also widely distributed, they cannot be hunted on a large scale, and to hunt the Tiangu beast, the fastest and safest way is to extract the Myriad Tao Divine Soil from their beast hair, but this is also very difficult." That big brother sighed, "Previously, we planned to gather all of the Tiangu beast in this place and then control the humans in that place to help us kill them. We didn’t expect that it would actually fail.

The plan the Heaven Old Imperial Family had in the Divine Wasteland was ruined. It was done by Chen Xiang and Song Cheng in the morning.

We need to go back and have more of our clan’s experts come over to help. With our current strength, we cannot shake this ancient Super Yang Divine Alter.

"This must be kept a secret, we must not let Heaven Old Orcs know, and we must not let anyone from the other factions know either."

After the two brothers finished their discussion, they hurriedly left.

Chen Xiang and Song Yichen had to rush to the place where the Myriad Tao Divine Soil was, they had to do their best to not delay any further, if not the two elders could call for strong helpers, and at that time, destroy the entire Super Yang Divine Alter.

In order to prevent such a thing from happening, Chen Xiang and Song Yichen had to make the Super Yang Divine Alter recover before they arrived.

"I wonder when they will arrive." Chen Xiang asked while running frantically inside the tunnel.