Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Song Yichen was stronger than Chen Xiang, but he did not have the to refine the divine tool, so compared to Chen Xiang, he had a lot more work to do.

"Chen Xiang, there are so many Myriad Tao Divine Soil s here, can you use the Myriad Tao Divine Soil s here to make a shovel for me? Song Yichen laughed bitterly. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Using the Myriad Tao Divine Soil to forge a shovel was just to dig a hole. If the old Refiner above the Myriad Tao knew about this, he would definitely spurt a mouthful of blood and spit Song Yichen to death.

Chen Xiang also thought that it was kind of funny. He thought for a while, then said: "Let Ke Er refine for you!"

Feng Ke’er had also eaten a lot of Strong strength Dan in the You Yao Mountain Villa. Her current World Defying Stage Fierce Power was still very strong, and she herself only knew how to refine equipment, Chen Xiang felt that it shouldn’t be difficult for her to refine a shovel.

When Feng Ke’er came out of You Yao Mountain Villa and saw with his own eyes how many Myriad Tao Divine Soil there were, he could not help but be shocked again.

"There are as many Myriad Tao Divine Soil here as there are sand." Feng Ke’er laughed, "There are so many that I don’t have any place to put them. But the others are all fighting over the Myriad Tao Divine Soil."

Feng Ke’er picked up the Myriad Tao Divine Soil that Chen Xiang dug out, and laughed: "Back then, Chen Xiang this guy also used a lot of time to create a few Myriad Tao Divine Soil s, and only refined this sword."

"That’s right!" Chen Xiang looked at all of these Myriad Tao Divine Soil, and was already numb to it. He had already packed all of the Myriad Tao Divine Soil he dug out into the You Yao Mountain Villa, so Song Yichen had no objections.

"Ke’er, how long do you need to make a shovel?" Song Yichen asked.

"It will take at least a month!" Feng Ke’er thought about it and said.

"How about this, I will use the dual Time Domain. That way, as long as we wait outside for one day, it will take you thirty months to refine thirty shovels." Chen Xiang said.

"Alright!" When Feng Ke’er entered the You Yao Mountain Villa, he released a Time Domain for her alone.

Chen Xiang wanted so many spades to give to the Mouse Man!

After a day, Feng Ke’er had successfully refined thirty shovels, all made from Myriad Tao Divine Soil. Because the most important part was digging, she had refined them roughly, but it was very useful.

Song Yichen was digging very happily right now!

originally wanted to use the World Defying Stage Fierce Power to continuously attack and create a deep pit, but it was simply impossible. These Myriad Tao Divine Soil s already possessed the ability to quickly absorb the World Defying Stage Fierce Power, so even if he and Song Yichen combined a punch on the ground, the entire ground would not tremble at all, and the World Defying Stage Fierce Power would be completely absorbed by the large number of Myriad Tao Divine Soil.

"There’s no way we can continue digging like this!" He, twenty to thirty Mouse Man s, and Song Yichen had already dug a huge hole that was three hundred meters deep.

What surprised him was that, three hundred meters below him, it was still the Myriad Tao Divine Soil.

"Keep digging!" Song Yichen rested for a while, they had no choice but to continue, they had only been in the forest for two days.

They dug for another few hundred feet, and suddenly they found ordinary rock and soil. It was no longer the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Level, and it was only about as thick as three hundred feet.

"Motherf * cker, we dug for nothing." Song Yichen scolded, and then flew up.

At the very least, I got quite a few Myriad Tao Divine Soil s. Chen Xiang shook his head and laughed bitterly.

At this time, he and Song Yichen were sitting beside the deep pit, discussing how to find the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal.

"Elder Brother Shen, I heard that there is a very special kind of tree outside that grew from the Myriad Tao Divine Soil. We want to go out and take a look." Jiang Sijing said from the You Yao Mountain Villa.

"Sure!" Chen Xiang immediately let the two sisters out.

Jiang Sihua and Jiang Lisi were rather free in there, because they could condense divine pellets when they were resting. These divine pellets were for themselves, or perhaps Feng Ke’er.

On the other hand, the two Mei Jing Sisters s were not in a rush. They were taking care of all kinds of ingredients and teaching the two Elixir Spirit Cores, Jiang Sihua and Jiang Lisi. They were alchemists with an extremely high innate talent in alchemy, and had been born with special alchemy skills.

Seeing a pair of beautiful twin sisters come out, Song Yichen secretly despised Chen Xiang for hiding such a beauty.

"Hello, Brother Song!" They greeted Song Yichen very politely.

"Hello everyone!" Song Yichen laughed: "Chen Xiang really knows how to enjoy life."

"Pah pah pah!" They are just my friends, don’t think too much. " Chen Xiang said: "They are extremely proficient in medicinal herbs, I want them to come out and take a look at the trees here."

Having interacted with plants and flowers all year round, they already possessed an ability to communicate with plants. This was something that many people did not have.

Mei Jing Sisters looked at a big tree, gently caressed it, and then closed his eyes.

"Chen Xiang, was this sword refined by Ke Er?" Song Yichen asked. He also wanted one, and one that was refined using Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, this would greatly increase his strength.

"No, it’s a guy called Chen Cai. He was born from the Heaven Old Orcs and the Heaven Old Divine Race." Chen Xiang said.

"What a pitiful guy, but he knows how to refine and his future is not too bad. Moreover, he should have understood this since he was born, and is considered a talent in the Heaven Old Divine Race. It’s a pity that the Heaven Old Divine Race won’t accept him." Song Yichen had a rather good understanding of the Heaven Old Divine Race.

"Yes, that’s why he appeared inside the Divine Wasteland with Heaven Old Orcs and met me afterwards." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Elder Brother Shen, we found something!" Jiang Simei suddenly shouted.

"What discovery?" Chen Xiang was shocked, she anxiously walked over, with Song Yichen following closely behind.

"There is something under the big tree. These trees can absorb the nutrients in the Myriad Tao Divine Soil and then condense something in the middle of the tree roots." Jiang Sijing said: "That thing should be the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal that you are looking for!"

Chen Xiang looked at Song Yichen and asked: "Is that possible? Have you ever dug these trees before? "

Song Yichen frowned: "I really never dug up a tree before, but these trees have grown for a long time, they are all gold, I think it’s possible."

"There’s no need to dig out the tree and have Ke Er refine a hollow tube. Just insert the heart into the bottom of the tree root and take that thing out." Jiang Simei said: "This way, it won’t cause any damage to the big tree."

In this place, Chen Xiang was unable to use the power of space, so he could not retrieve items through the air, so he could only use normal methods.

Feng Ke’er very quickly refined a very large pipe, big enough to fit inside a watermelon.

"Where?" Chen Xiang looked at Mei Jing Sisters and the others and asked, "Can you guys determine the exact location?"

Chen Xiang couldn’t see it even if he used the Dao heart Eye, and he didn’t dare to randomly insert it either. He was worried that he would destroy these big trees, since these big trees could condense Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals!