Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Jiang Simei was also afraid that she would destroy the big trees if she wanted to, it would not be easy for these big trees to grow to this extent, if she destroyed them, she would feel pain in her heart. After all, this was not an ordinary tree, but a very unique type of tree. A slant against a slant, a slant against a slant.

Chen Xiang asked Jiang Simei to carry it out. She had previously communicated with the big tree before and knew where the mysterious thing was.

Then, she said to Chen Xiang: "Try and see if you can get an Heaven devouring rat to take out the thing inside. It’s not very big, so the Heaven devouring rat should be able to take it out."

Chen Xiang released a Heaven devouring rat and had it enter the big tree from the pipe. Then, he made the Heaven devouring rat’s eyes emit a white light, illuminating the inside of the tree. Soon enough, he saw a black object.

He quickly asked the Heaven devouring rat to take it out.

The black crystal was not really that big, it was only the size of a thumb.

"Brother Song, are these Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals?" The moment Chen Xiang took it out, Song Yichen puzzledly frowned. He was not very sure, or else he would have recognized him a long time ago.

After Song Yichen received it, he took a careful look at it, then shook his head and said, "I’m sure. If you want to confirm whether or not this is a Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal, you can only try with your sword!" L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

"How do you want to test it?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Let’s see if we can cut it open. If we can’t, then this is the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal." Song Yichen said: "All of the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals I have seen before are light gold, but this piece is black."

Chen Xiang placed the black crystal on the ground. He tried using the Heavenly magic sword and was unable to cut it off easily.

"It seems that these are Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals without a doubt." Chen Xiang laughed, he did not dare to continue trying, and was worried that the Heavenly magic sword would break.

Song Yichen was also relieved, and laughed: "I’ve finally found it. I didn’t expect it to be under the big tree. There are so many big trees here, there should be a lot of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals."

"Ke Er, go get it with Sijing and Mei Mei. I’ll try to refine this Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal here." After Chen Xiang finished, he said to Song Yichen again, "Big Brother Song, go and protect them!"

"Alright!" Only the Mei Jing Sisters and the rest were able to confirm the location of the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal. Now that he had their help, they would be able to search for the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal much faster.

Chen Xiang took out the Tianchuang furnace, placed the piece of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal inside, and then released the most powerful, Arrogant Flame to refine.

He was already able to use a large amount of World Defying Stage Fierce Power to condense the Proud Flame, and his flames were much stronger than the previous World Defying god fire.

"This thing isn’t easy to melt." Chen Xiang had burned inside the Time Domain for more than ten days and the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal was only the layer of black on its surface.

He burned for another half a month, a total of one month, but there was no progress!

When he came out of the Time Domain, it was already dark outside. Mei Jing Sisters, Feng Ke’er and Song Yichen were all looking at him.

Chen Xiang shook his head, then took out that piece of pale golden Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal from the Tianchuang furnace, and said: "You have consecutively burned it for a month, but this piece of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal is still ice-cold."

He threw the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal to Song Yichen.

After Song Yichen received it from him, he sighed helplessly. "Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals are just like this, it’s extremely difficult to refine, and they already possess an extremely strong defensive power. It’s probably because your flames are unable to break through its defense, causing it to be unable to heat up."

Chen Xiang nodded her head: "That’s exactly the case, the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal has a very, very strong defensive power. It is not afraid of fire or ice, if it is used to refine protective divine armor, no one would dare imagine!"

The Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal was already that powerful, how could the Crystal emperor inside the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal be so powerful?

What Chen Xiang admired was that Super Yang Old Ancestor actually used Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals to build a Super Yang Divine Alter.

"Spirit of Divine Alter, what you can refine, isn’t he capable of refining as long as he can control the Heavenly Alchemy?" Song Yichen said, "Think carefully, is there any other possibility?"

Chen Xiang nodded. He had tried many different types of refining methods in the Time Domain, but none of them were able to break the defense of the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal.

"How many Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals did you manage to get?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Over a thousand dollars." Jiang Simei said: "There are still a lot left, I wonder if a thousand pieces is enough?"

"I don’t know. After you all have rested, go and continue mining for Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals. I will think about it carefully myself and see how I can refine it." Chen Xiang said, and then entered the Time Domain.

They needed to fix that Super Yang Divine Alter before he returned. Only by doing this would they be able to escape, if not, the Heaven Old Divine Race would be able to increase their power by a lot, which was something that Chen Xiang and the rest did not want to see.

"Is there really no other way?" Chen Xiang slapped his head, he could not think of any way, if he wanted to use the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals to refine Crystal emperor, he had to first melt all the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, and then compress a large amount of energy like how he used to concoct pills, causing the quality of the crystals to continuously improve, and finally reach a limit.

This was the thought process of him refining the Crystal emperor, but right now, he could not cross over the first step, and could not advance at all!

"Is my flame not strong enough?" Chen Xiang frowned. His flames were condensed using the World Defying Stage Fierce Power, and Song Yichen’s flames before were strong as well.

However, he felt that if he could condense such a flame, wouldn’t that mean that anyone could use the World Defying Stage Fierce Power to condense it? Then this kind of flame should be very ordinary. It can even be condensed by a person from the World Defying crazy realm!

Truly powerful flames should be very difficult to condense!

"Looks like I have to find Spirit of Divine Alter to ask." Chen Xiang came out from the Time Domain.

"Brother Song, looks like we need to stop immediately. I need to go back and find the Spirit of Divine Alter." Chen Xiang said: "I feel that my flames aren’t strong enough, I need to think of a way to level up!"

"Alright!" Song Yichen said as he nodded his head.

Chen Xiang let the Mei Jing Sisters and the others enter the You Yao Mountain Villa and then left the Sun God Forest with Song Yichen.

After returning to the stone room where the ancient Super Yang Divine Alter s were, Chen Xiang immediately asked the Spirit of Divine Alter s inside.

"Stone Golem, my flame isn’t strong enough. How can I raise it?" After Chen Xiang asked this question, he kicked Super Yang Divine Alter twice.