Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Spirit of Divine Alter needed Chen Xiang’s help, so he was more polite. Although he had been kicked twice, he could only groan lightly.

"I didn’t expect your flame to be so weak!" When Spirit of Divine Alter saw the flame that Chen Xiang had released, he said in disdain, "I had thought that you had mastered the Heavenly Alchemy and possessed a pretty good fire refining divine art yourself."

"I used to have it, but that was only for cultivating World Defying god fire. I didn’t cultivate World Defying Stage Fierce Soul." Chen Xiang said: "Do you have any cultivation techniques related to this?"

"I don’t have a cultivation method, but I do have a method to help you cultivate a strong flame. It’s also faster." Spirit of Divine Alter said, "That’s right ... "It’s just troublesome."

"What kind of trouble?" Song Yichen said: "It shouldn’t be difficult, right?"

"Could it be that it’s not that difficult? The reason it’s so troublesome is because you need to set up a huge array and you need to use Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals to set it up. In total, it requires more than three thousand Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals." Spirit of Divine Alter said: "After the formation is set up, when the great formation is activated, those Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals will become useless."

"What are the benefits of setting up a great array?" Chen Xiang asked Feng Ke’er to come out, this was what Feng Ke’er was most familiar with.

"The main purpose of setting up this great formation is to condense the Sun Fire Seed from the three suns. After condensing the Sun Fire Seed, then, the Sun Fire Seed will go to the World Defying Stage Soul River above Myriad Tao to search for the Flame Madness soul."

"If you fuse the Fire Seed with a Fire Madness soul, and then fuse with this Fire Seed, then the Fire Seed will belong to you." Spirit of Divine Alter said: "Only Super Yang Old Ancestor knows how to set up this great formation, he was the one who taught me to do so."

After Chen Xiang heard this, he felt that this method would work.

"This isn’t a problem. Just tell Ke Er the method of setting up the formation." Chen Xiang looked at Feng Ke’er and said.

"Alright, little girl. I will pass on the memories of the formation to you right now." The Spirit of Divine Alter suddenly flashed with a ray of light aura, and the light aura entered Feng Ke’er’s body.

"Did you see that?" Spirit of Divine Alter asked.

"I saw it!" Feng Ke’er nodded, "It is indeed troublesome! However, this is not a problem! "

"You guys can settle it yourselves. I believe that you will definitely succeed." Spirit of Divine Alter said: "However, if the Tinder array is activated, no matter what movement it makes, the other races would definitely discover it." ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"Regardless of them, as long as Chen Xiang possesses strong enough flames, he will be able to quickly refine Crystal emperor s. At that time, as long as this ancient Super Yang Divine Alter is restored, there is nothing for us to be afraid of." Song Yichen said.

... ....

After returning to the Sun God Forest, Feng Ke’er told Chen Xiang to give her the Three Thousand Mouse Man s, and allow her to control them. She wanted them to be used to set up a formation, so the formation would be bigger when the time comes.

Song Yichen found an empty space in the Sun God Forest, which was where he had set up the array.

Mei Jing Sisters went to get the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, so he needed a lot of them to set up the array.

Every day, they were able to get a thousand Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals. In just two days, they managed to get more than two thousand, and adding the previous one thousand, it was already enough to set up the formation.

"I’ll have to trouble you guys next." Chen Xiang said.

"I’m fine!" Jiang Simei stuck out his tongue at Chen Xiang. "Little Sister and I have nothing to do anyway."

Chen Xiang came to that spacious area and asked: "How long will it take for the arrangements to be completed?"

"It will be completed in two days." Feng Ke’er laughed: "With the help of these Mouse Man, I can relax a lot!"

"Right, when the time comes, you will need to sit in the center of the formation, and you will also need to bleed." Feng Ke’er said, at this time, she had already dug out many lines in the vast space, these were all Spirit grain, it was extremely complicated.

These Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals were placed evenly on the pattern.

When Feng Ke’er was digging, she controlled several Mouse Man s to dig together, so she could complete it quickly. If she had enough shovels, she could dig even faster.

The main reason was that this place was the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, and only by using the shovel forged by the Myriad Tao Divine Soil could one easily dig out this place.

"Alright!" After Feng Ke’er finished placing the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals inside, he clapped his hands.

She had a total of three days!

"It’s your turn. Bleed!" Feng Ke’er said: "I need your blood, the sun fire seed that I condense will be under your control, and only then will it fuse with you."

"How much blood do I need to bleed?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Just fill up the patterns here, and let your blood fill up the Spirit grain here." Feng Ke’er laughed: "This is not easy!"

Chen Xiang swallowed his saliva.

A few days had passed and Chen Xiang’s blood had finally covered all of the Spirit grain s. If it was only him, he would not have been able to complete it so quickly.

"Next, you need to sit in the middle." Feng Ke’er said.

There was a place in the array for him to sit cross-legged. After Chen Xiang floated over, he asked: "What’s next?"

"After that, you will insert the World Defying Stage Fierce Power and use it to revive the entire array." Feng Ke’er said.

Chen Xiang closed his eyes and sent out waves after waves of World Defying Stage Fierce Power, allowing this wave of World Defying Stage Fierce Power to cover all the Spirit grain and wake the entire array.

Very quickly, the black colored Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals inside the large formation released a faint golden light aura, and the black color on the surface disappeared. Furthermore, the blood Chen Xiang previously released had already become golden.

The Spirit grain in the big array had already turned into a dazzling golden light, which was extremely beautiful.

"What’s next?" Chen Xiang asked again.

"Next up, just wait for the spark to appear in your Divine Sense Sea." Feng Ke’er said: "After that, we will need Huakuan Dan, because at that time, your mind will need to head to World Defying Stage Soul River."

Jiang Sihua had already condensed quite a few arrogant core inside, so he did not need to worry about this.

Two hours after the great array opened, the three suns in the sky began to emit rays of light that were like golden clouds that were sucked into the array. If one were to look from a distance, they would see the three suns emit rays of light that shot into the ground, converging together in one place!

... ....

Inside Heaven Old Imperial Palace, a gold robed elderly stood on top of a tall tower, looking at the three threads released by the three suns, his brows knitted together.

"Emperor, you saw it right?!" An old man flew up from below and landed behind Heaven Old Emperor.

"I saw it, the legendary Tinder array, I didn’t expect it to not be lost. From the direction, it should be the direction of the Divine Soil Restricted Area, what exactly happened inside?" The Heaven Old Emperor coldly said: "Who else knows about this great formation? What is the purpose of activating this great formation? "

"I don’t know. In short, many unforeseen events occurred in the Divine Soil Restricted Area. As far as I know ... Previously, the people from Moon King went in there and made a huge discovery. As for what was discovered, I don’t know. The old man said.

"Hurry up and investigate!" The Heaven Old Emperor snorted in anger, "Moon King and his group of people are actually sneaking around under my nose!"