Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang and the others knew that the commotion would be huge, so they were already mentally prepared. Fortunately, they were inside the Sun God Forest, so they didn’t need to worry about people disturbing them.

"Chen Xiang, are you alright?" Feng Ke’er asked from outside the great array.

"No, everything is fine!" Chen Xiang was so huge, that he could only feel a warm energy flood into his body from all directions, and then enter the Divine Sense Sea s.

"How long will it last?" Song Yichen asked, only Feng Ke’er knew about this formation. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

"One day, two days, or even three days is possible." Feng Ke’er shook his head: "I’m not too sure either, in short, I’ll finish it in a few days."

After two days, the golden light released by the Tinder array became weaker and weaker. Chen Xiang could already see that within his own Divine Sense Sea, there was a Fire Elemental that was jumping around.

The prideful sword soul within the World Defying mad source bead was also trembling, it was unknown whether or not it was welcoming this new partner of his!

"Success, I need to go to the World Defying Stage Soul River ..." After Chen Xiang saw that sun appear successfully, he immediately felt that his Fire Seed had already been completed. Just when he was about to divide his attention to go to the World Defying Stage Soul River, he felt that his Fire Seed already had a very close relationship with him.

"What?" Chen Xiang was shocked, after he connected with the Fire Seed, he actually sensed that there was something flying out from the Fire Seed.

This Fire Elemental actually knew how to go to the World Defying Stage Soul River to search for the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul!

At this time, even though the great formation had dimmed down, it was still in operation, because the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals were all flashing with light!

"Since the Fire Seed can search for the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul itself, there’s no need for me to worry." Chen Xiang’s mind followed the release of the Fire Spirit that was released by the Fire Seed. He could see how fast the Fire Spirit was.

That light was World Defying Stage Fierce Soul on the third floor of the World Defying Stage Soul River, it could easily fuse with this World Defying Stage Fierce Soul!

Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea burst with light as the intense sunlight shined down onto every corner of the Divine Sense Sea. The Fire Seed had already successfully merged with the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, and was slowly fusing with Chen Xiang!

In just half a day, he had completed the fusion process. This process did not make Chen Xiang feel any pain, everything went extremely smoothly, and was much easier than he had imagined.

"The Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals have turned to ash!" Although Feng Ke’er knew about it, he couldn’t help but be surprised. He said, "These Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals are all extremely sturdy, but they have turned into ashes now!"

Chen Xiang also saw this and nodded.

"Quick, take a look at your flame and see if it has risen in rank!" Song Yichen asked anxiously, he had never seen any strong flames before, he thought that the flames condensed from the World Defying Stage Fierce Power were strong enough.

Chen Xiang opened his palm and released a ball of flame. The ball of fire began to flicker extremely violently, and the light it released was as dazzling as the noon sun, and it could not be stared at for too long.

"This is the Sun madness fire!" Feng Ke’er exclaimed. At this moment, she was already sweating profusely, and so was Song Yichen, but when the firelight shot over, they only felt that their skin was extremely hot. If they did not use the World Defying Stage Fierce Power to block the scorching heat from entering their bodies, they would definitely feel extremely uncomfortable.

Chen Xiang immediately kept the flames. He was very excited in his heart, he knew that obtaining this kind of Sun madness fire would greatly increase his strength!

"That’s great, I should be able to quickly refine the Crystal emperor next." Chen Xiang said blissfully.

Mei Jing Sisters had been taking Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals from the tree roots for the past few days and they had given Chen Xiang over three thousand.

Chen Xiang brought Feng Ke’er and found a quiet place before releasing the Time Domain.

"Triple time field!" After Chen Xiang released the Triple time field, he stayed inside for seventy-five years. Outside, he only spent one day.

He knew, even if he had the flames that could melt Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, it would still take a very long time to refine a Crystal emperor. It was definitely not easy, otherwise the Super Yang Old Ancestor would have refined more than just nine of them.

"It was refined, but it was also not easy!" Chen Xiang took a month to melt a piece of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal.

Then, he placed more than a thousand pieces of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals into the Tianchuang furnace and released his strongest Sun madness fire to be burned.

Although Sun madness fire were very strong, they did not consume too much energy, and that was only one more than when he was using the World Defying Stage Fierce Power to release the Proud Flame. If he consumed too much energy, he only needed to eat the Strong strength Dan to recover.

"How many can I absorb from a thousand earth crystals?" Feng Ke’er asked.

"I don’t know!" Chen Xiang shook his head: "I’ll just try it and see, since I’m using the Triple time field now, there won’t be any pressure!"

Chen Xiang took a total of more than twenty years to finish refining it, and even when he thought about it, he felt that it was not easy.

"Right now, it has only been refined. Next up, I have to merge it together!" Chen Xiang said to Feng Ke’er: "I’ll be troubling you for the rest!"

When fusing with it, one would have to fuse together all of these melted large amounts of earth crystal solutions and compress them into a square block. Chen Xiang also did not know whether Feng Ke’er would succeed or not.

Feng Ke’er did not disappoint him, and her fusion speed was very fast.

"No, even if it is compressed into a square, it cannot become a Crystal emperor. You need to derive it once." Feng Ke’er said: "Just nine more crystals will be enough."

"Alright!"

Chen Xiang tossed and turned for a few more years, creating nine more crystals before using flames to melt them all, only then did he allow them to fuse together.

It took twenty or thirty years to melt.

Afterwards, Feng Ke’er and Chen Xiang immediately teamed up and compressed it into a square block, which could just happen to be placed inside the Super Yang Divine Alter’s square block.

"I’ve finally succeeded!" Chen Xiang looked at the crystal that looked like it was bursting with sunlight, and wiped his sweat, "It was really not easy, using seventy years!"

"This thing should not be easy to melt ... "It seems that even if you have a lot of them, it will still be difficult to use them for weapon crafting." Feng Ke’er said.

"Yes, but it’s just that I can’t do it now. I’ll definitely think of a way to use Crystal emperor to create two new Heavenly magic sword." When Chen Xiang took this piece of crystal out, it was unexpectedly extremely cold.

"Let me touch it!" Feng Ke’er took it and played with it: "It’s beautiful, as if it was holding a square sun."

"You even want to make eight of these things!" Chen Xiang laughed bitterly, this meant that he had to refine Crystal emperor s for the next few hundred years.