Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

The Danxiang Taoyuan’s Dean

Translated By: Ash

Edited By: Fingerfox

Xiao Ziliang and the other Deans all felt very uncomfortable with the sudden appearance of a woman. Yue Jianglin of the Proud Sword Sect angrily shouted, "It’s none of your business." Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"Little girl, go and call your Danxiang Taoyuan’s Dean over. We have created so much ruckus here, she must have obviously heard!" Xiao Ziliang said; he too slightly glared at Hua Xiangyue. Although Hua Xiangyue looked stunning, he was not interested in the slightest.

Tang Yichao sneered, "Hua Xiangyue, you are not worthy to order us, don’t even think about it, even if you are the supervisor of Danxiang Taoyuan..."

Tang Yichao just spoke till here, before his pupils fiercely contracted. Because he suddenly saw a light golden aura being released from Hua Xiangyue. It was exactly the Perishing Golden Body, which could only be released by someone who had crossed the seventh Nirvana Tribulation.

"This is the site of Danxiang Taoyuan, neither of you can manage things here. Don’t think that with your little strength, you can do anything you want! I’m not afraid of you." Hua Xiangyue voice was ice cold and furious, which made Xiao Ziliang and the others retreat a few steps back. They all didn’t expect that a little supervisor of Danxiang Taoyuan would be a seventh tribulation Nirvana Realm martial artist who was on par with Xiao Ziliang.

Although Tang Yichao and Yue Jianglin were Deans, they had yet to cross their seventh tribulation. And at this moment, their complexion turned extremely ugly, their faces were burning hot, as if someone had given them a couple of slaps. Because just a moment ago they had underestimated Hua Xiangyue, and much to their surprise Hua Xiangyue was far stronger than them.

The entire square was pin drop silent. Underneath the stage these people knew Hua Xiangyue must have something special as to why she could become the supervisor of the Danxiang Taoyuan. Who would have known that just with her imposing manner the Deans of two sects had turned pale from fear. Although they didn’t know Hua Xiangyue’s exact strength, from the looks of it, this pretty and charming woman was far stronger than the two men.

"Judging others with their own narrow vision!" Chen Xiang lightly snorted, which made Yue Jianglin, Tang Yichao and Xia Ziliang’s faces suddenly turn completely red simultaneously. They all glared at Chen Xiang.

Hua Xiangyue coldly said, "Chen Xiang is an Honorary Chief Alchemist of our Danxiang Taoyuan. Although he is not a disciple of our Danxiang Taoyuan, since he is the winner of the high-rank tournament, he can enjoy this title. Not to mention the Danxiang Taoyuan has the obligation to protect such a genius of the alchemist community. If you dare to act against him, you will become the enemy of our Danxiang Taoyuan!”

If just a supervisor was so much formidable, then the mysterious Dean behind her must be even more powerful!

"Dean Hua... ha ha, It should not have been so wrong to call you that! No doubt, you must be the Dean of the Danxiang Taoyuan. I have seen you several times, although I’ve not seen your face, but I can still recognize you from your aura." Gu Dongchen faintly smiled.

What? Hua Xiangyue was the mysterious Dean of Danxiang Taoyuan! Chen Xiang was dumbfounded, but when he thought about it, he soon came to understand why Liu Menger and Hua Xiangyue would be so familiar. Because Liu Menger would often seek Danxiang Taoyuan’s Dean to refine dans!

Xiao Ziliang and the others had also been extremely curious about the Danxiang Taoyuan’s Dean. But much to their surprise, it was unexpectedly Hua Xiangyue. Now they understood why Hua Xiangyue could do anything she want to in the Danxiang Taoyuan. Her position at the Danxiang Taoyuan was same as the Dean’s, because she was the Dean herself. However, she was just pretending to be mysterious, made others think that the Danxiang Taoyuan was unfathomable.

"Humph, you’ve got a big mouth!" Hua Xiangyue coldly harrumphed, she also didn’t expect Gu Dongchen would actually recognize her, this was totally out of her expectation.

Xiao Ziliang and the others all felt very embarrassed simultaneously. Just a while ago they had been looking down on Hua Xiangyue, but they didn’t expect that Hua Xiangyue’s identity was so shocking. Not only her strength was fearsome, her alchemy techniques were just the same! Only two alchemists could refine high-level dans on the Chenwu Mainland, one was the Danxiang Taoyuan’s Dean and the other was the Extreme Martial Sect’s Elder Dan!

Such people absolutely could not be offended, who knows how many powerful Nirvana Realm martial artists were still hidden in the Chenwu Mainland? If she used her alchemy techniques to draw these Nirvana Realm martial artists, her strength would be very fearsome.

Not only was it like that in Chenwu Mainland, in some mainland overseas, high-ranked alchemist were also very scarce. So long as Hua Xiangyue so wish, a bunch of Nirvana Realm martial artists would definitely come to seek her help in refining dans.

Chen Xiang was secretly enjoying himself. Hua Xiangyue had given him a title of an Honorary Chief Alchemist for safety, in future he would be fearless of these people. But he still had no way to see through Hua Xiangyue, in the first place Hua Xiangyue had tried to win him over at all cost. She did not even hesitate to reveal her figure, yet more, she was even willing to be her maidservant...

"You’ll certainly regret later!" Originally when Chen Xiang refused to take her as maidservant, she had said so. Chen Xiang was now indeed regretting a little, if he had such a powerful maidservant, why would he be afraid?

"Dean Hua, can we borrow this place for use. We will release a barrier and absolutely will not damage this place. If it is damaged, we will pay you hundredfold!" Xiao Ziliang very confidently said.

Hua Xiangyue coldly smiled, "It took 100 million crystal stones to create this square, if you damaged an iota of this place, are you really going to pay me 10 billion crystal stones?"

10 billion crystal stones, when they heard this figure, a few Deans secretly felt their heart throb in pain. Not only the square was very large, the bricks used were very hard, these kinds of bricks had been mined especially and gone through processing. Even the floor was very thick, indeed the square must have costed more than a million crystal stones.

Gu Dongchen laughed and said, "I’m not going to help you laying out the barrier. After all it was you who wanted to pick a fight with this brat, is it that you, can still force my hand; force me, the Extreme Martial Sect’s Dean to bully my own disciple?"

Chen Xiang also smiled and said, "You wanted to pick a fight with me! I’ll only fight here, if you want me to go to some mountain or forest, then I quit."

To make someone accept your challenge, a lot of conditions must be promised to the opposite party. This way of doing things was extremely unreasonable.

"You are just a True Martial Realm martial artist, do you think the barrier laid out by us is still not enough to cope with you? If even a brick is broken by you, I’ll pay 10 billion crystal stones to the Danxiang Taoyuan." Xiao Ziliang coldly harrumphed. He had been suppressed by Gu Dongchen and Hua Xiangyue, which made him extremely depressed and aggrieved. Gu Dongchen was an eighth Nirvana Tribulation crossed martial artist, while Hua Xiangyue had crossed seventh tribulation, yet she was also a brilliant alchemist, both of them were far superior to him.

While Xiao Ziliang was a character from Huang Jitian’s Era, the famous characters of that era if not ascended to the Heavenly Realm, then they had vanished into a puff of smoke during the Nirvana Tribulation. Although he is still living, he was extremely aggrieved and depressed, especially facing those juniors who were better than him. This made it difficult for him to hold his head high even more.

Last time during the fight between Chen Xiang and Lian Changyun, because the barrier happened to be laid down by three Nirvana Realm martial artists, that was why no matter how much power he had used, he could not destroy an iota. So if he wanted to break a brick, it would indeed be very difficult.

Yet Chen Xiang wanted to try, this way he could make Xiao Ziliang bleed, and also give Hua Xiangyue 10 billion crystal stones, which for these Deans was also a substantial sum.

"Good, now you can do whatever you want!" Hua Xiangyue calmly said, before she flew away and returned to the twentieth floor of the Danxiang Tower.