Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

After Chen Xiang succeeded in making one Crystal emperor, he felt a lot more at ease. This proved that he could do it, and it was only a matter of time before he could make the other eight. As long as he made those eight Crystal emperor, he could restore the ancient Super Yang Divine Alter to her original state. ○

After that, he could return to the Divine Wasteland without worry, and then, he would be able to refine even more Crystal emperor, so Chen Cai could help him refine divine artifacts.

Although Chen Xiang had stayed in the Triple time field for dozens of years, a day had yet to pass outside.

The Mei Jing Sisters controlled the Heaven devouring rat to help them obtain more Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals. Chen Xiang told them to get one more Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal anyways.

Song Yichen followed them as well. He had to protect the Mei Jing Sisters well, even though this place was already safe enough.

After a few days, when Song Yichen saw that Chen Xiang still had not come to find him, he became anxious. He was worried that Chen Xiang would not succeed, and if he was unable to restore the Super Yang Divine Alter, the Heaven Old Divine Race would come here, and he would be able to break the barrier of the Sun God Forest.

Just as Song Yichen was thinking about this, he suddenly heard a miserable scream.

The scream came from outside of Sun God Forest. Song Yichen hurriedly looked over, and then said to the Mei Jing Sisters, "Don’t worry, hide first. I’ll be back soon."

Song Yichen hurriedly left and arrived outside the Sun God Forest. At the moment, he was still inside the enchantment, and he could see a group of people in the distance.

"Heaven Old Divine Race!" Song Yichen was surprised: "There are a lot of people, what are they doing here? Do you really want to enter this place now? "

Previously, he had guessed that the people of Heaven Old Divine Race would not be able to come that fast. After all, coming here once in awhile required a lot of time, but they had actually come running here. They must have used some array or knew how to use Spatial Force to bring them here.

"They won’t be able to enter in a short period of time. I wonder if they sent anyone to the place where Super Yang Divine Alter is." Song Yichen was a little worried, with his strength, he couldn’t stop the group of Heaven Old Divine Race people.

Song Yichen walked out a bit more. There were nine layers of enchantments here, and even the strong Heaven Old Divine Race would need a lot of time to break through it.

Just now, an old man from the Heaven Old Divine Race was injured by the barrier, which was why he let out such a blood-curdling scream.

"This outfit ... Could it be the Heaven Old Emperor? " Song Yichen took a deep breath: "This guy actually came here personally, incredible!"

Song Yichen and Chen Xiang had overheard the conversation between the two old men from the Heaven Old Divine Race before. The two old men wanted to go back to get help, but they did not want to alarm the other factions.

And now that the Heaven Old Emperor had come here, it was obvious that they knew something, but they weren’t clear about it. That was why they came here.

"Looks like there are several factions within the Heaven Old Imperial Palace. This Heaven Old Emperor is unable to completely control the entire Imperial Palace." Song Yichen heaved a sigh of relief in his heart, then hurriedly returned to the Sun God Forest.

... ....

Outside the Nine Layered Sun Barrier, Heaven Old Emperor floated in the air and looked at the golden Sun God Forest in front of him. He frowned, "Something must have happened inside.

"Who the hell is fusing with the sun fire seed?" Once it is merged, they will be able to have enough flames to burn Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals. Previously, these Turkish people did not know how to refine divine tools, but now, they are cultivating such powerful flames. It is clear that they are going to start refining divine tools. "

"Great Emperor, haven’t these natives all become Tiangu beast? Can they turn back into their human forms? " An old man asked.

"Of course they can. Furthermore, it is very easy for them. Especially after they’ve found a way, they will be able to turn all of them back very quickly." Heaven Old Emperor asked: How was the investigation before? What are Moon King and the rest doing? "

"There’s still no news for now. Their people just left the Heaven Old Imperial Palace, but they didn’t come here. We used the Transmission array to come here much faster than them." The old man said.

"Alright, let’s not go in for now!" If we go in now, we will definitely be exhausted. Let’s first wait for the people from the Moon King and then follow them to see what they want to do. " Heaven Old Emperor was done, he waved his sleeves and flew away.

... ....

In the Sun God Forest, Chen Xiang was hiding beside a large tree to refine pills, the Triple time field enveloped his body. From the outside, he looked blurry, and the area he was in was also distorted, making it impossible to see his appearance.

He had already used the Triple time field for seven days, he had already lived inside for four or five hundred years! He had previously gone out once to ask the Mei Jing Sisters for Myriad Tao Divine Soil’s Crystals, and Song Yichen had then just happened to go out!

At this time, Song Yichen walked over, he had finally found Chen Xiang, he saw that Chen Xiang was still using the Time Domain and sighed, but just as he was about to turn around and leave, Chen Xiang suddenly shouted: "Brother Song!"

Song Yichen suddenly turned his head, only to see that Chen Xiang had already removed her Time Domain, and was looking at him smilingly.

"What is it? You’re in such a hurry! " Chen Xiang laughed.

"Did I disturb you? I’m so sorry! " Song Yichen said embarrassedly: "I am a little worried that something might happen to you. After all, there is a certain level of danger when you use the Sun madness fire to refine the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal."

"There isn’t any danger, I’m just a bit bored." Chen Xiang shook his head and laughed: "Are you in a hurry?"

"Yes, Heaven Old Imperial Family has come. I don’t know what they are here for, but he just tried it a bit and was unable to enter the Nine Layer Formation. After that, he left, but I’m guessing that he must still be inside the Divine Soil Restricted Area." Song Yichen said: "It’s rare for him to come here, he definitely won’t leave so quickly."

Chen Xiang thought for a while, then asked: "Did he come because he saw the sky phenomenon triggered by the Tinder array?" Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"There is such a possibility, but I am worried that he will find the Super Yang Divine Alter." Song Yichen sighed: "There’s nothing I can do now. The Crystal emperor s have not been refined yet ... "Oh, by the way, how are you doing?"

Song Yichen just wanted to ask Chen Xiang if he had made a breakthrough. If this path would not work, he hoped that Chen Xiang would quickly give up.

Chen Xiang smiled mysteriously: "Guess!"

"There’s a chance?" Song Yichen was very excited: "I knew it would definitely succeed!"

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "I have already succeeded, I can successfully refine the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal into a Crystal emperor!"

"Great, then... How long would it take you to refine nine Crystal emperor? " Song Yichen asked excitedly.

"I’ve already finished refining it!" Chen Xiang laughed mischievously, and then, he took out nine pieces of Crystal emperor that released a blinding sunlight. The Crystal emperor looked like this, and the light it released was as dazzling as sunlight.

When Song Yichen saw the Crystal emperor that Chen Xiang suddenly released, he was shocked but at the same time, his eyes were stung. He could not help but shout out, although he anxiously blocked the incoming light, his eyes were still burning with pain.