Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang hurriedly put away the Crystal emperor. When he was refining, he was already used to this kind of light. If he saw people like Song Yichen for the first time, he would probably look like this.

"Brother Song, I’m sorry. I was already used to this kind of light, so I thought there was nothing wrong." Chen Xiang laughed.

Song Yichen had already opened his eyes, he did not care about whether it was painful or not. In short, he was certain that Chen Xiang had already successfully refined nine Crystal emperor.

"It’s only been a few days and you’ve already completed it. How amazing!" Song Yichen gasped in surprise.

"Nothing, I’m just a little tired." After all, he had been refining these things for hundreds of years. This was an extremely boring and dull matter, and it was fortunate that he was able to chat with Feng Ke’er inside.

"Then let’s go and take a look now." Chen Xiang said: "Look at what the group of fellows from Heaven Old Divine Race are doing!"

"En, let’s go!" Song Yichen brought Chen Xiang and quickly came to Mei Jing Sisters.

The Myriad Tao Divine Soil did not get that many Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals. Previously, Chen Xiang wanted to leave a lot of them and refined them into Crystal emperor.

He could only wait until the next time he came here to get more, since there were so many big trees here.

At this time, Feng Ke’er was using the Myriad Tao Divine Soil to refine some things. They were all very small gloves, and looked like claw tips.

The main reason was so that the Heaven devouring rat could wear them. If the Heaven devouring rat had these things installed on its teeth and claws, it could easily dig through the sturdy Myriad Tao Divine Soil and would very quickly reach the bottom of those large trees.

Feng Ke’er had never thought that he would use a precious material like the Myriad Tao Divine Soil to refine equipment for mice. If the Divine Inscriptionists above the Myriad Tao were to encounter this, they would definitely scold her.

"Just concocting a few hundred sets is enough." Chen Xiang said: "This shouldn’t be difficult for you, right?"

"It’s not difficult!" Feng Ke’er also liked refining. It was a rare opportunity to do so.

When that time came, she would be able to set up another Tinder array and then obtain the Sun God’s Flame. She and Chen Xiang had lived inside the Triple time field for hundreds of years, and during that time, she would be able to step into the World Defying crazy realm by eating Strong strength Dan s and Huakuan Dan s. The World Defying Stage Fierce Soul that she was looking for was also above the third level of World Defying Stage Soul River.

She only needed to set up a Tinder array and condense the Sun Fire Seed. She needed this kind of flame, and in the future she would definitely have a large amount of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals to use.

Riding on their Six Realms mirrors, Chen Xiang and Song Yichen flew to the ninth layer of his sun enchantment, and immediately teleported to a secret passage. This passage could lead them to the secret underground room where the Ancient Super Yang Divine Alter was.

He didn’t teleport to the underground chamber in one breath. If there were strong Heaven Old Divine Race people there, they would be in danger.

Last time, they had overheard the conversation of the two old men from Heaven Old Imperial Family. Now, they were like last time, hiding behind the stone door.

"No one seems to be inside!" Song Yichen sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang, "Did they not come?"

"Let me try to see if I can talk to Spirit of Divine Alter." Chen Xiang tried to send a sound transmission to the Spirit of Divine Alter, and soon received a response.

"Brat, you finally came, how was it? Will it work? " Just like Song Yichen previously, he too thought that Chen Xiang had not finished refining the nine Crystal emperor yet.

"Of course I can succeed. How is the situation with you?" Chen Xiang asked: "Have any of the Heaven Old Divine Race s come before?"

"They’ve been here, and quite a few of them have come. They even started a commotion here. Right now, they are all outside. They have set up a spirit formation to seal off the entrance to this place." Spirit of Divine Alter laughed: "But they didn’t know there was a secret passage here."

"That’s good!" Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief: "I was worried that you would be done for, if not I would have wasted my time!"

"Human brat, you’re underestimating me." Spirit of Divine Alter laughed out loud, "I’m very powerful!"

"Oh right, you really managed to refine a Crystal emperor? How long will it take for you to completely refine those nine pieces? " Spirit of Divine Alter felt that Chen Xiang being able to refine it was already very powerful. As for how long it would take, he wasn’t too worried.

"I’m done refining, what do I need to do? Shall we just put it in those square boxes? " Chen Xiang asked.

"Are you serious?" The Spirit of Divine Alter did not dare believe that Chen Xiang could refine it now. The last time Chen Xiang came, was more than ten days ago.

"Of course I’m serious. Why would I lie to you now?" Chen Xiang laughed: "I’ve used up quite a bit of time, about 400 to 500 years like this, I have to use my time and energy, in order to make it so fast."

"It’s already been four or five hundred years!" This was what the Spirit of Divine Alter could accept, it was only now that he remembered that Chen Xiang knew how to use the Time Formation.

"Stealthily come in, and just put the Crystal emperor of the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal into the square." The Spirit of Divine Alter said.

"Would he be taken out of the cave after I put it in?" Chen Xiang was a little worried, because the Heaven Old Divine Race was just outside.

"No problem." Spirit of Divine Alter replied, "They can’t take it out."

"Alright!" Just as Chen Xiang was about to teleport in, Spirit of Divine Alter sent a sound transmission to him, "Wait, they seem to be here!"

Sure enough, Chen Xiang and Song Yichen had already passed through the stone door, and heard sounds coming from inside.

"Moon King, why didn’t you tell me this when you discovered this place?" The one who spoke was the Heaven Old Emperor, he was currently chuckling, and it was impossible to tell what conflict he had with the Moon King.

"Royal brother, didn’t I want to give you a surprise? I thought that I could get Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals as a gift, but who would have thought that you would also find out. " Moon King laughed, he was also an old man. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Moon King and Heaven Old Emperor were both blood brothers, and their strengths were both about the same. Moon King had always wanted to usurp the position of Emperor because he himself was not weak, but he could not sit on the throne.

Heaven Old Emperor was also aware of this point, so he had always been on guard and wanted to get rid of Moon King. All of them hated each other to death, but right now, they were talking and laughing!

"This is an ancient Super Yang Divine Alter. Although it has already been abandoned, it was refined by the Sun Ancestor Emperor back in the day. It’s not easy to destroy it. Moon King said with a serious face: "I tried a few times with my subordinates before, but to no avail."

Heaven Old Emperor nodded his head, "This is indeed not easy. Now we must guard this place well! We must have a way to obtain the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals here. "