Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

(girls)

The Spirit of Divine Alter had a lot of things to do. Right now, he needed to help the people of the Divine Soil Race recover, and then, he also had to connect to the Super Yang Realm so that the two worlds that were originally separate could merge into one. < previous="" chapter="" |="" next="" chapter="">

"Stone Golem, can you open the spatial passageway so that I can return to Divine Wasteland?" Chen Xiang said, he was worried that his own ability was insufficient for him to return to the Divine Wasteland.

"I’ll try again when the time comes. Are you in a hurry to go back?" Spirit of Divine Alter asked.

"There’s no rush, I still have to get some Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals." Chen Xiang laughed: "You don’t mind if I get more, right?"

"Of course not, there are a lot of them here." The Spirit of Divine Alter did not have any lingering feelings towards these things, furthermore, he was only able to recover himself with Chen Xiang’s help.

Chen Xiang not only wanted to obtain Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, he also wanted to refine some Crystal emperor.

"Say, if I were to use Crystal emperor s to refine a sword, how many pieces would I need?" Chen Xiang asked again: "Just like repairing the size of the Crystal emperor on your body."

"One piece is enough. After the Crystal emperor melts, it becomes very flexible, and can be stretched at will. If the Refiner is powerful, it can even be forged into an even better weapon." The Spirit of Divine Alter said.

Chen Xiang wanted to make a few pieces to refine, but after hearing Spirit of Divine Alter’s words, he did not plan to make too many to refine the Heavenly magic sword.

However, he had to get more Six Realms mirrors s because Six Realms mirrors were extremely useful. Over the years, he had relied on Six Realms mirrors s to escape danger many times, and had relied on Six Realms mirrors s to survive this ordeal.

The Six Realms mirrors was currently quite weak. He didn’t even dare to use it in battle anymore, afraid that it would be damaged during battles and be difficult to repair.

At this moment, Song Yichen was extremely nervous. He didn’t know how many patriarchs he could give back to him, he only hoped that he could meet people he was familiar with at that time.

"At this time, I have already strengthened the barrier, and I have already controlled the barrier of the Divine Soil Restricted Area. It will not be easy for those fellows of the Heaven Old Divine Race to come in." Spirit of Divine Alter said: "Currently, there are already Tiangu beast undergoing changes. You can go out and take a look now!"

Song Yichen said to Chen Xiang: "I will go out, you stay here!"

Chen Xiang called Mei Jing Sisters out to help him gather the Myriad Tao Divine Soil’s Crystals. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"Where did these two beauties come from?" Spirit of Divine Alter was very serious just now, but after he saw Mei Jing Sisters, his voice suddenly became very vulgar as he laughed non-stop.

"You ..." The large amount of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals that I used to help you refine the Crystal emperor was all painstakingly obtained by them. Chen Xiang kicked Spirit of Divine Alter.

"Really? "Then I must thank them." The Spirit of Divine Alter laughed, "You little rascal, you aren’t any good person either. You actually hide such a beauty."

Chen Xiang snorted and said, "You should know that the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal is beneath the big tree, right? But why didn’t you tell me? It took us half a day of hard work. "

"This... I thought that Song Yichen, this guy, knew it. Even if he didn’t know, he should have been able to think of it. To think that you do not even know this, no wonder the Divine Soil Race is in decline. " Spirit of Divine Alter curled his lips, and then the altar suddenly trembled. The big trees shook, and a large amount of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals flew out.

"I’ll give you ten thousand Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals first. There’s no use in asking for too many now." The Spirit of Divine Alter said.

Feng Ke’er suddenly came out from You Yao Mountain Villa and said: "I need that. I want to set up Tinder array too, I want to cultivate Sun madness fire. I want to become a Master Refiner in the future. "

"Alright, then I’ll help you get some more."

Here, the Spirit of Divine Alter was an existence which ruled over everything. With a casual wave of his hand, he was able to cause the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals under the big tree to fly out.

After receiving these Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, Feng Ke’er was extremely happy, and then he happily went to arrange the Tinder array.

Chen Xiang also hoped that Feng Ke’er could quickly cultivate Sun madness fire, so that Feng Ke’er could refine treasures and give him a lot of help. Right now, he was still worried that no one would help him refine artifacts for him, as he was not proficient enough himself, if he went to look for Xue Xianxian and the others, their flames would not be strong enough to refine Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals.

The second time Feng Ke’er set up the Tinder array, she would be able to finish it very quickly. The most difficult part was the period of bleeding, which required the help of the Mei Jing Sisters.

Without Feng Ke’er’s help, it was impossible for Chen Xiang to refine Crystal emperor, so he could only watch from the side.

What made him more happy was that Jiang Sihua and Jiang Lisi, who were in the You Yao Mountain Villa, had also followed Chen Xiang back then, and were enveloped by the Triple time field. Over the hundreds of years, they had refined many Strong strength Dan and Huakuan Dan.

Deep into the night, the Spirit of Divine Alter still released a blinding sunlight that illuminated the entire Sun God Forest.

Chen Xiang who was resting in a small hut suddenly felt a strong vibration in the air, and he suddenly woke up.

"Is someone coming in?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"No." Spirit of Divine Alter laughed heartily. "Since Super Yang Realm has fused with us, this group of people from Heaven Old Divine Race is going to have a hard time."

"While you are recovering your Divine Soil Race people, you are also merging with two other Heaven Old Super Realm s. How amazing!" Chen Xiang now had even more respect for the Spirit of Divine Alter’s strength. The Spirit of Divine Alter was able to merge two worlds together in such a short period of time.

"That’s nothing. I already had this power to begin with, because when I was created, it was to stabilize this world. When I was split, it only started after I was damaged. The Spirit of Divine Alter said, "The truly powerful ones are the people who possess the Raging Yang bloodline in the Super Yang Divine Race. Back then, it was this group that divided the Heaven Old Super Realm."

There were only Heaven Old Divine Race and Heaven Old Orcs left in the Heaven Old Super Realm, Divine Soil Race was a relatively peaceful race.

Furthermore, it was unknown how many clans were left in the Super Yang Realm, but Chen Xiang began to worry, if the Super Yang Realm was united, the Heaven Old Divine Race here would be defeated very quickly!

"Stone Golem, I’m worried that the Super Yang Divine Race from the Supreme Demon Realm will cooperate with the Heaven Old Divine Race here once they come." After all, this ancient Super Yang Divine Alter was already exposed. Many people knew that the ancient Super Yang Divine Alter required nine Crystal emperor to recover.

For the sake of the Crystal emperor, even though there was hatred between them back then, they might be able to let it go and work together to destroy the Super Yang Divine Alter.

"There’s no need to worry, it won’t be that easy for them to destroy me. Back then, I did not resist at all, and the old patriarch of the Divine Soil Race also did not destroy me that easily." Spirit of Divine Alter did not care about this matter at all, as he had obviously considered it before.