Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

A few days later, Sun God Forest had quietened down.

Chen Xiang saw Zheng profound and a large group of people breaking through the Nine Suns Barrier and entering the room.

Spirit of Divine Alter immediately let them in after sensing it. He could now easily control the barrier.

"Song Yichen is still outside searching for his tribe members who have recovered." When Zheng profound saw Chen Xiang, he grinned at him and said, "Thank you very much, otherwise our Divine Soil Race would be finished."

Zheng profound had brought back a few hundred people. Although it was not a lot, they all had the blood of the Divine Soil Race in their bodies. If not for Chen Xiang’s help, an absolute large number of people from the Divine Soil Race were just Tiangu beast s now, and would be killed in the future.

"You’re welcome." Because he had helped them, he had also obtained many benefits. Right now, he had obtained many Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, and he had even cultivated a Sun madness fire.

Feng Ke’er had already successfully cultivated the Sun madness fire. Seeing that this place had stabilized, Chen Xiang was relieved and brought Feng Ke’er to a quiet place.

"Xiao Ke’er, why don’t the two of us release the Sun madness fire together? That way, we can save quite a bit of time while refining the Crystal emperor." Chen Xiang had already activated the Triple time field.

"Sure, but I don’t know if it’ll work!" Feng Ke’er replied: "If it’s really possible, it can indeed shorten quite a bit of time." ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Chen Xiang took out the Tianchuang furnace, and laughed: "This Tianchuang furnace needs to be strengthened first, if not I would not dare to use the Crash method while concocting pills."

When using the Crash method, one would be able to unleash a very strong power. If the cauldron was not strong enough, and was unable to withstand the instantaneous explosive power of the cauldron, the furnace would explode. Therefore, even Chen Xiang did not dare to use it when he was refining the Arrogant Core.

"The Crash method’s quality is higher. If you can use it, it can increase the speed at which you refine Crystal emperor." Feng Ke’er said. She had witnessed Chen Xiang refining pills using the Crash method and the derivative method, so the quality increase was very high.

"When the Tianchuang furnace becomes strong, I will definitely try."

Chen Xiang threw a large amount of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals into the Tianchuang furnace, and then poured in the Sun madness fire at the same time as Feng Ke’er, burning the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals inside ...

With the two of them working together, the time it took them to refine Crystal emperor was shortened by a lot!

"Much faster!" Chen Xiang looked at the refined Crystal emperor and was very happy: "Let’s continue, I plan to refine three pieces to strengthen the Tianchuang furnace."

"Where’s the Six Realms mirrors? How many Crystal emperor do you plan on using to strengthen your Six Realms mirrors? " Feng Ke’er asked.

"Six!" You should know the use of Six Realms mirrors. " Chen Xiang said.

Refining a Divine Weapon with six Crystal emperor was an extremely extravagant thing. It was not only because the Crystal emperor were hard to obtain, it was also because refining with Crystal emperor was extremely difficult.

Chen Xiang didn’t know how difficult refining Crystal emperor was right now, so he felt that it would be better to use more Crystal emperor.

After a few days, Chen Xiang had refined ten pieces of Crystal emperor. He and Feng Ke’er both used Sun madness fire s, and with their cooperation, their speed increased even more.

When he came out, he saw that the vicinity of Super Yang Divine Alter was filled with people, there were more than 2000 people!

It was already not bad that there were so many of them in the Divine Land, their strengths were all very ’strong’. Now that they had recognized Song Yichen as their Patriarch, Spirit of Divine Alter did not have any objections.

After the Divine Earth people saw Chen Xiang, they immediately came over to thank him, because it was with Chen Xiang’s help that they could recover.

After Chen Xiang exchanged some pleasantries, he got the Spirit of Divine Alter to help him return to the Divine Wasteland.

Spirit of Divine Alter spent half a day to open a spatial tunnel. When Chen Xiang entered the spatial tunnel, Song Yichen made him come here often to take a look, and then said his goodbyes.

After returning to the Divine Wasteland, Chen Xiang was a lot more at ease. He was worried before that he wouldn’t be able to come back.

"The Divine Wasteland is much safer now. Even the Heaven Old Divine Race is not here anymore. Chen Xiang teleported back into the Dan God Mysterious Land.

He found Lv Qilian and asked him about the situation there.

"This place is pretty smooth. Natural Law World has recovered." Lv Qilian said: "Even the Heaven Old Orcs are a little tricky, but they shouldn’t cause too much harm to us."

"That’s good." Chen Xiang nodded his head, "If I were to leave again, I would probably need a very long time to come back."

He gently caressed Lv Qilian’s jade face: "I wonder when I’ll be back again."

"We’re already used to it. It’s alright!" Lv Qilian smiled gently at Chen Xiang, "Have we not been like this all these years? Before we leave, let’s meet up with them and have a chat! "

Chen Xiang had first gone to find Xue Xianxian, and gave a lot of them, and also gave them some Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals. With their current cultivations, they were unable to refine any Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, even a Myriad Tao Divine Soil would find it difficult.

He stayed here for a long time, mainly because he wanted to talk about the Heaven Old Super Realm with them. Afterwards, he left Feng Ke’er here and let Feng Ke’er teach these artifact forging girls what he could to impart them.

After that, he went to find Hua Xiangyue and co. and told them about the matter of the pill spirit. He told them to give it a try when they had the chance and passed on their pill refining experiences to them.

Right now, he had a lot of Strong strength Dan and Huakuan Dan, he didn’t even need them himself, so he gave a lot to them.

Jiang Si ’Hua’ and Jiang Lisi were his alchemy spirits and would not leave him, so they could stay here.

Chen Xiang stayed in the Dan God Mysterious Land for more than ten days, reminiscing with his father. He talked about the matters of the Heaven Old Super Realm with Huang Jintian and told them that there was a much wider world above.

After Chen Xiang finished making the arrangements, he left the Dan God Mysterious Land.

He took out the Six Realms mirrors and found Chen Cai!

"I thought you died." Chen Xiang teleported to the small mountain cave that Chen Cai was in. Looking at how miserable his body was now, he laughed: "You’re not doing well, you rascal!"

"You’re still laughing!" Chen Cai snorted: "I am truly unlucky. I don’t know what methods Heaven Old Orcs and the others used to be able to always know my position."

"Aren’t you very strong? For Heaven Old Orcs to make you into such a state, they must have sent many people over, right? " Chen Xiang laughed: "But I can tell, in the eyes of Heaven Old Orcs, you are extremely important!"

"That’s right, who asked me to be so capable!" Chen Cai laughed extremely shamelessly. "Heaven Old Orcs wants me to help them refine equipment, but I’m not willing.

Chen Cai grew up within the Heaven Old Orcs’s race, and had some sort of relationship with the Heaven Old Orcs. Even though he was a weirdo in the Heaven Old Orcs, he also had a few friends.

However, most of his friends had died, and they had all been killed by a few strong beastmen from the Heaven Old Orcs. Therefore, he would not help the Heaven Old Orcs refine artifacts right now.