Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

The World Defying mad source bead was no longer of use to Chen Xiang, he definitely did not need them anymore.

"What are you doing here?" Chen Xiang remembered that previously, Chen Cai did not need World Defying mad source bead either, but now, he had to ask for it.

"It’s extremely useful!" Chen Cai said: "I need this thing to make the Myriad Tao Divine Soil. Although you can make it, it’s still too little."

Chen Xiang had given a lot of Tiangu beast to Chen Cai to refine previously, and Chen Cai still had a few Myriad Tao Divine Soil s on his hands, who knew what he had used them for.

"You need Myriad Tao Divine Soil so much? I remember I gave you a lot. " Chen Xiang said.

"You are only giving this to me, the Tiangu beast, to help you refine. Myriad Tao Divine Soil is still yours, I do not need your things." Chen Cai was very kind indeed. After that, he took out those Myriad Tao Divine Soil s and gave them to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang pushed Chen Cai’s hand back, and laughed: "You should still keep it, I no longer have any interest in this kind of thing!"

Chen Cai was startled, he suddenly thought of something and anxiously asked: "Did you find something good? Or do you have more Myriad Tao Divine Soil s now? "

"Hehe!" Chen Xiang smiled in a very mysterious manner, making him very anxious.

"Look at this!" Chen Xiang took out a piece of black crystal. This was a Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal, but because the thing on its surface did not fall off, it looked black.

When Chen Cai first saw it, he did not know what it was, but after he played with it for a bit, he still did not know what it was, but he could confirm that this black crystal was very strong, because just now, he secretly channeled his energy to test it out, and felt that this crystal had a very strong absorbing power. Not only was it sturdy, it could also quickly absorb the pressure from the outside world.

"You used the Myriad Tao Divine Soil to refine this?" Chen Cai frowned, he could determine that this crystal possessed the characteristics of the Myriad Tao Divine Soil.

"No!" Chen Xiang shook his head and laughed: "These are Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, things that have been evolved from Myriad Tao Divine Soil. They are much better than Myriad Tao Divine Soil’s crystals."

After Chen Cai heard it, he carefully looked at the black crystal in his hand and immediately remembered the legend of the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal.

Looking at Chen Cai’s dumbstruck expression, Chen Xiang patted his shoulder.

"This... Do you have a lot of these things? " Chen Cai regained his senses, he anxiously took a deep breath and asked.

"Not much, this is for you." Chen Cai said. Chen Cai liked refining, as a Refiner, he was very excited to see such rare materials.

Chen Cai quickly kept it, worried that Chen Xiang would take it back.

"Can you make this thing?" Chen Xiang wanted Chen Cai to help him refine Heavenly magic sword s.

"There should be no problems... It will just take a long time. " Chen Cai said: "Because I need a lot of time to melt this kind of crystal."

Chen Cai took out the piece of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal, used the flame to test it, and said with a frown: "For now, if I were to help you use this kind of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal to refine Heavenly magic sword, it would take at least a thousand years!"

A thousand years was quite a long time, and for Chen Cai to refine it with his current cultivation, Chen Xiang had to admire him.

"Time is not a problem... Okay, when I bring you to Heaven Old Super Realm, I’ll give you some pills to eat and let you order to enter the World Defying crazy realm. " Chen Xiang said: "Even Xiao Ke’er has already stepped into the World Defying crazy realm, you should be able to eat those pills too."

It was one thing if Chen Xiang was stronger than him, but even Feng Ke’er, this stupid big girl, was stronger than him. One must know that at the time, he was much stronger than Chen Xiang and Feng Ke’er.

"Alright, point them and bring me to the Heaven Old Super Realm. I can’t wait." Chen Cai said. Once he enters the Heaven Old Super Realm, he would be able to point his way into the World Defying crazy realm.

When Chen Cai was in the Dan God Mysterious Land, he had imparted many abilities to Xue Xianxian and the others. They all respected Chen Cai greatly, so Chen Xiang had a lot of trust in him.

"Right now!" Chen Xiang took out an array disc. After opening it, a black vortex appeared in the sky and he immediately brought Chen Cai flying.

... ....

Heaven Old Super Realm’s seven blazing suns hung in the sky at noon. The first thing Chen Cai did after arriving was to raise his head and look at the seven suns. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Why seven suns? Weren’t there three before? " Chen Cai was also fairly familiar with the Heaven Old Super Realm.

"Because they have already fused ... It’s a long story. " Chen Xiang told Chen Cai about the other Super Yang Realm.

There were four Super Yang Divine Race s on the side of the Super Yang Realm and they had already merged together. Adding the three here, there was a total of seven.

The situation of the Heaven Old Super Realm was so complicated that it made Chen Cai exclaim in surprise. He himself belonged to the Super Yang Divine Race, but his bloodline was a little complicated.

"Heaven Old Divine Race is asking for trouble." Chen Cai held a lot of resentment towards the Heaven Old Divine Race, and he had almost been killed by him at that time.

Chen Xiang brought Chen Cai into the Sun God Forest. He did not know about the situation outside nor did he have time to understand, he only knew that if the other four Super Yang Divine Race s were to fuse here, this place would become even more chaotic. Furthermore, there would be more experts.

The Sun God Forest was very safe because of the Super Yang Divine Alter.

When Chen Cai came here, Chen Xiang had told him that he wanted to refine Heavenly magic sword s, Six Realms mirrors s and Tianchuang furnace s from top to bottom, and even used that kind of material to refine them.

Chen Xiang gave Chen Cai a few medicinal pellets, and then used a three layer Time Domain on him.

"You’re not stupid. You should have broken through after staying in there for dozens of years, right?" Feng Ke’er said: "Why didn’t you tell him about the Crystal emperor?"

When he found out that he was going to refine the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal, he was already very excited. When he was about to start refining, I would tell him about the Crystal emperor. Chen Xiang chuckled.

"That’s true!" Feng Ke’er curled his lips: "If he doesn’t have a Sun madness fire, it would be impossible to refine ... "What should we do?"

"Go and ask Spirit of Divine Alter if he can make Chen Cai use the Tinder array."

Chen Xiang hurried to find Spirit of Divine Alter.

"Tinder array? We’ve already used it twice before. If we use it a third time, it might not go smoothly. " The Spirit of Divine Alter said, "The Tinder array consumes the power of the sun. Although there are now four more suns, when the Tinder array circulated previously, it had already absorbed the power of the four suns."

"It can only be used twice?" Chen Xiang was a little surprised.

"Yes, if you use it a third time, you won’t be able to succeed very smoothly. Instead, there will be great danger." The Spirit of Divine Alter said, "Unless they can be used twice every thousand years."