Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

If you have read this chapter, please move to 78. com. Small. Speak. Web/. 0. "Seven Eight Novels" or "Seven Eight Xs." C0m, please remember our new web site, 7/8/x/s.c0m.

If you have read this chapter, please move to 78 Fiction _ net/abcxs. Also, you can search for "Seven Eight Novels" or "Seven Eight Xs" in Baidu. C0m, please remember our new web site, 7: 8. 7\/8\/x\/s.c0m.

The thousand years outside was too long for Chen Xiang, and he did not want to wait that long.

"Why do you still want to use the Tinder array?" Spirit of Divine Alter asked: "Didn’t you two cultivate Sun madness fire already?"

"I have a friend who is an expert refiner, but his flame cannot keep up with mine." Chen Xiang sighed: "So at that time, everything might not go smoothly for him."

"Only use fire to melt Crystal emperor, right?" Spirit of Divine Alter laughed: "That’s easy. The flames I release are very strong, they can allow him to burn Myriad Tao Divine Soil to become a Crystal emperor."

"Is this true?" Chen Xiang was very surprised.

"When the time comes, just let your friend come to my place. I can use my flame as he wishes." Spirit of Divine Alter said, "My Sun madness fire will be much stronger than you soon."

Now that Chen Xiang had finally solved the problem of the flames, he no longer had to worry about Chen Cai’s flames not being able to keep up.

When Chen Cai was cultivating inside the Six Realms mirrors, he had already eaten the divine pellets Chen Xiang gave him. These divine pellets could help Chen Cai find a better Madness soul to fuse with in the World Defying Stage Soul River.

In just half a day, Chen Cai was already shouting inside.

"Chen Cai, release me." Chen Cai roared.

After Chen Xiang released Chen Cai, he smiled and said, "You’re pretty ’quick’, I thought you were staying inside for a few days!"

"How many days?" Wouldn’t that be hundreds of years? I, Chen Cai, am not such a trash. " Chen Cai had already stepped into the World Defying crazy realm, and was completely filled with confidence: "My flame is already very strong, I can start right now!"

Chen Xiang brought Chen Cai to Super Yang Divine Alter’s side.

The Super Yang Divine Alter was viewed as a sacred artifact by the entire Divine Soil Race and the area that the Super Yang Divine Alter was in was also a Sacred Ground. Other than the patriarch and a few elders, no one was allowed to casually enter, whereas Chen Xiang was capable of doing so.

"Refine my Heavenly magic sword first, use this to refine it!" Chen Xiang finally took out the Crystal emperor and showed it to Chen Cai.

When Chen Cai saw it, he was shocked.

"This is not the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal." Chen Cai shouted loudly, "Just what is this thing!?"

"This is the Crystal emperor of the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal." Chen Xiang laughed: "But it was refined using the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal, it took me a lot of effort to make it. When that time comes, don’t waste my time."

Chen Cai swallowed his saliva. This was actually a Crystal emperor, he obviously knew about the Dao crystal Emperor’s matter. His Inherent skill in smithing came from the inheritance, and the things related to Crystal emperor were also recorded within the inheritance.

"This... With my current strength, I am unable to burn Crystal emperor. Furthermore, this is not something that can be melted by ordinary flames. Chen Cai looked at the seven suns in the sky: "Sun madness fire s are not easy to cultivate."

The Spirit of Divine Alter suddenly spoke: "Even if you manage to cultivate the Sun madness fire now, it will still be difficult for you to melt the Crystal emperor and use my flame ... Try to see if you can control my flames and I’ll help you forge artifacts. "

"Spirit of Divine Alter!" Chen Cai anxiously retreated a few steps, because Chen Xiang did not tell him about the Spirit of Divine Alter.

However, Chen Cai knew that Super Yang Divine Alter who could speak were mostly those kind of ancient Super Yang Divine Alter s, and very powerful ones at that. It was only now that he paid close attention to this Super Yang Divine Alter, when he suddenly realised that this somewhat shabby looking Super Yang Divine Alter actually had a large number of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s that numbered nine.

"Alright, I’ll give it a try!" Chen Cai calmed himself down, if not he would be struck unconscious.

Spirit of Divine Alter had already released a small flame which radiated brightly.

Chen Cai took in a deep breath, then he tried to sense the small flame and put it in the center of his palm.

"No problem!" If he couldn’t control it, the small flame would burn into his palm. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"Alright, then let’s begin!" The Spirit of Divine Alter said.

"You guys begin, I’ll take a look around." Chen Xiang took out Heavenly magic sword s. "Heavenly magic sword s, use one piece. Tianchuang furnace s, use three pieces!"

Chen Cai and Spirit of Divine Alter did not say anything, they only told Chen Xiang that they needed some time.

"I have to be careful when I go out this time." After Chen Xiang left the Divine Soil Restricted Area, he took out the Six Realms mirrors and looked for Yue Yiran.

However, the Six Realms mirrors did not seem to be very useful here. He could only vaguely see Yue Yiran’s image.

"Boss, is that you?" Chen Xiang tried to send a sound transmission to Yue Yiran through the Six Realms mirrors.

Yue Yiran’s current situation was extremely bad. He had already made enemies with the Yue Clan before and was currently fleeing.

"Chen Xiang!" Yue Yiran was very surprised that Chen Xiang could actually send a sound transmission to him.

"Where are you?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously, he felt that Yue Yiran was in danger.

"I’m in the Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa." Yue Yiran sighed: "That bastard Heavenly Dan Landlord, actually lied to me. Now, he wants to lock me up and control me."

"This bastard, I’ll go save you now, I’ve already stepped into the World Defying crazy realm." Chen Xiang said.

"Don’t just teleport in. There are restraining space array formations inside. He did this to prevent you from saving me, and he even set a trap for you." Yue Yiran said: "It’s better that you don’t come and save me. He can’t do anything to me; at most, I’ll just lose my freedom."

Yue Yiran was worried that Chen Xiang would be caught.

"Chen Xiang, your talent in pill refining is not bad. You will quickly become stronger, and you can come save me when the time comes." Yue Yiran laughed: "Anyway, I’ve already lived for so long, there’s nothing to be afraid of."

"I’m afraid they’re torturing you." Chen Xiang said: "I will definitely save you."

Yue Yiran did not speak anymore, and did not know if he was deliberately ignoring Chen Xiang or not.

Chen Xiang asked for a few more times, but Yue Yiran didn’t reply, and only asked him to keep the Six Realms mirrors helplessly.

"Xiao Ke’er, what should we do now?" Chen Xiang asked: "The boss is so nice, I can’t just ignore him like this."

"He deliberately ignored you." Feng Ke’er said.

"Why?" Chen Xiang did not understand.

"He might have just thought of something. He thinks that the purpose of the Heavenly Dan Landlord capturing him is to lure you out and capture you." Feng Ke’er said: "Heavenly Dan Landlord should do this kind of thing quite often.

The pill spirit that Chen Xiang had previously obtained from the Heavenly Dan Landlord was not refined by the Heavenly Dan Landlord himself. He did not know where the Heavenly Dan Landlord had ’obtained’ it, but the Heavenly Dan Landlord had actually bragged that he had refined it.

"The more it is like this, the more I want to rescue the boss, Heavenly Dan Landlord wants to capture me?" He doesn’t even have a door, he is underestimating me, Chen Xiang, too much. " Chen Xiang snorted, and immediately rushed towards Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa.

Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa was very famous, as long as Heavenly Dan Landlord gave the order to gather, many Alchemist would immediately dare to come.

On the way, Chen Xiang met two Alchemist s who were rushing to the city. They said that the Heavenly Dan Landlord had urgent matters that required them to rush to the Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa within a month.