Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

If you have read this chapter, please move to 78. com. Small. Speak. Web/. 0. "Seven Eight Novels" or "Seven Eight Xs." C0m, please remember our new web site, 7/8/x/s.c0m. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

If you have read this chapter, please move to 78 Fiction _ net/abcxs. Also, you can search for "Seven Eight Novels" or "Seven Eight Xs" in Baidu. C0m, please remember our new web site, 7: 8. 7\/8\/x\/s.c0m.

Chen Xiang guessed that this matter was related to Yue Yiran, as for what it was, none of the Alchemist s knew.

In the Heaven Old Super Realm, the most outstanding people in pill refining were the Heaven Old Divine Race, but it was different now, because there were four other Super Yang Divine Race s who had joined them, the Heaven Old Divine Race could no longer control the pills like before.

Chen Xiang felt that it might be related to this matter.

"If I use the Transformation skill, they shouldn’t be able to see through me, right?" Chen Xiang felt that he was now in the World Defying crazy realm.

Chen Xiang had already arrived outside the Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa, and there were many people outside. None of them had been invited, and furthermore, they were extremely strict when entering, and they could not enter without an invitation.

The people waiting outside were mostly Alchemist s with a lot of curiosity. This was because the Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa had gathered a large group of outstanding Alchemist s, and it was very likely that they were going to join forces to fight against the other four Super Yang Divine Race s.

"Seems like quite a few Heaven Old Divine Race people were unable to enter." Chen Xiang looked at the crowd. Although there were a lot of humans, there were also a lot of Heaven Old Divine Race people.

Chen Xiang was also waiting outside while thinking of a way to save Yue Yiran.

"Look, isn’t that the royal family’s ancient god ship?" Someone shouted, and everyone could feel the blinding light coming from the sky.

Chen Xiang raised his head to look and saw a huge ship flying from afar. After this ship arrived, its speed was extremely slow, as it floated above Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa.

After a while, the enchantment of the Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa suddenly opened, obviously to let this boat in. After all, this was the arrival of many important people of the Heaven Old Imperial Family, and there were many powerful people too.

"The enchantment has been opened, this is a good chance!" Chen Xiang immediately became invisible, and carefully flew over. He did not dare to use Spatial Force, as the experts here were extremely sensitive to spatial ripples, and could easily be discovered.

The moment Chen Xiang entered, the enchantment closed immediately, and there were many other experts surrounding him. There were already a lot on the Ancient God Boat, and with the Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa inside, Chen Xiang started sweating profusely.

"We haven’t been discovered, hurry up and leave this place!" Chen Xiang could not help but become nervous, and hurriedly leave the wide plaza to prevent himself from being discovered.

If the enchantment had not been opened, it would not have been so easy for him to ’sneak in’, and he would not even be able to enter the Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa. At the moment, the Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa was extremely tightly guarded, with many experts guarding the entrance.

Chen Xiang searched for a long time before finally finding a place with no people. He took out the Six Realms mirrors and he could clearly see Yue Yiran.

The place where Yue Yiran was at was blazing red, Chen Xiang guessed that it was inside some sort of cauldron.

"Boss, I have already entered the Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa. At this time, the Heavenly Dan Landlord is gathering all sorts of forces here, and a lot of them have come to visit the Alchemist. Why is this so?" Chen Xiang asked.

"You ... Yet you still came! " Yue Yiran sighed: "They are here to meet the other four Super Yang Divine Race s."

"So it’s like that!" Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief, he thought that Yue Yiran would be in trouble at that time.

If the two worlds that have been separated for so many years were to merge, the respective powers would be greatly affected. The reason why they gathered here is to discuss on peaceful coexistence, I only know that the Super Yang Realm does not wish to fight, and during discussions, pills are also the main problem. Yue Yiran said.

Previously, he and Spirit of Divine Alter had anticipated that the Super Yang Divine Race of the two worlds would clash, because the Heaven Old Divine Race had done the right thing when they had split up that year.

"I wonder if the Heaven Old Divine Race has covered up the ancient Super Yang Divine Alter yet." Chen Xiang was a little worried about the Divine Soil Restricted Area, especially the Sun God Forest.

"Chen Xiang, find a chance to leave this place. Don’t save me anymore." Yue Yiran said: "Your current strength is still too weak."

"No, I’m already here." Chen Xiang said: "Let me try to see if I can teleport you here."

"Please don’t. The thing holding me is very special." Yue Yiran said: "If you sense a very strong spatial ripple, it will swallow you in ..."

Chen Xiang finally understood why Yue Yiran didn’t let him attack.

"Then I’ll stay here and find a chance to save you." Chen Xiang had already entered, so he definitely would not give up.

For safety’s sake, when Chen Xiang was in here, he used invisibility as well. He did not dare show himself, as he was worried that he would be discovered.

After a few days, a large movement came from outside again. Chen Xiang could feel a large wave of powerful Qi coming from outside, he guessed that it was the experts of the Super Yang Realm.

Chen Xiang did not go over to take a look now. The more lively the place, the more dangerous it would be, not to mention the gathering of experts. His purpose of coming here was to save Yue Yiran, not to join in the fun.

He then took out the Six Realms mirrors and contacted Yue Yiran.

"Chen Xiang, they are moving me. I don’t know where they are taking me." Seeing how determined Chen Xiang was to save him, Yue Yiran did not reject, and could only cooperate with Chen Xiang.

"Alright, I’ll walk around and see if I can find you." Chen Xiang could not teleport using his spatial energy, but the Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa was huge, so it would not be easy for him to find where Yue Yiran was hiding.

Just as he was walking around randomly, he suddenly heard a few servants discussing about Yue Yiran.

"Yue Yiran is a grandmaster of a generation, but he was actually captured by our Villa Master, hehe!"

No one will object if we capture Yue Yiran at this critical juncture. After all, our Villa Master was able to refine a pill spirit and even the Heaven Old Imperial Family is respectful to him. Right now, only he has the qualifications to challenge the four Super Yang Divine Race s.

"Oh right, the Villa Master probably captured Yue Yiran to ’lure’ that human kid out. That human’s pill refining skills are so great that even the Villa Master values the entire human race very much."

"Yes, Villa Master has already sent out news these few days, he is preparing to auction Yue Yiran out."

"Auction of Yue Yiran?"

"Hehe, you probably don’t know, but Yue Yiran is currently the Villa Master’s slave, and a very strong Alchemist at that.

Hearing this, Chen Xiang was extremely angry, and almost couldn’t hold it in!

"Heavenly Dan Landlord this bastard, you can refine a pill spirit? "Pfft, it’s completely fake!" Chen Xiang snorted, the pill spirit that he had previously won from Heavenly Dan Landlord was stored inside, it was not refined by the Heavenly Dan Landlord himself.

"If I let you show off, I’ll expose you!" Chen Xiang had already thought of a way.