Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The third year of high school was very tiring for most people, but for Su Qing, who was smart and had a photographic memory, it was nothing. However, he still had to do something superficial. It was necessary to not hurt his classmates and reassure his parents.

Today was Saturday, so after finally getting permission to go out alone, Su Qing decided to take a walk around the Flower Bird Market. To find a reason for Little White (given the name of the white fox) and the phoenix (smaller than a canary but insisting that I call it a matter of dignity) to appear openly, but to buy or not to buy flowers is secondary.

In the market, there were flowers, birds, fishes and even snakes. Interests vary from person to person, and there are plenty of people who like to raise rats or snakes. As long as someone wants to consume, there is a market. Although the flowers and plants were not as beautiful as those in the space, they were still worth a fair price. Grandfather likes to raise flowers, and Grandpa has a soft spot for orchids. She had a lot of orchids, but she couldn’t get them out. Buying them in the market didn’t seem like she could afford them. Although it’s a big family but not a business, my parents are clean and honest so my brother and I don’t have much pocket money. Her cousin always teased her for her wealth, but was laughed off. Su Qing looked forward to the time when this spoiled child cried.

Along the way, Su Qing was delighted by dewdrops of roses, fragrant lilies, graceful cranberries, beautiful and simple African chrysanthemums, graceful and luxurious peonies, and carnations. She bought her mother a bunch of her favorite lilies and also took away the flowers and plants that had been thrown away as garbage. She believed that with space, she could definitely turn trash into a treasure, and the feeling of not having to spend money was great.

When no one was home, he cut the lily and inserted it into a vase to change into a rose before entering the space in a flash. Little White and Phoenix immediately came over and rushed into Su Qing’s arms. The Queen Bee was so cool that she did not pay any attention to the commander, but instead told him to act quickly and accurately when he needed information. And the honey and royal jelly are delicious. After a brief inspection, he planted the flower branches and left the space with a few orchid seedlings he had found in the flower market. Little White and Phoenix were overjoyed to know that they would be able to stay outside with their master in the future. The phoenix flew back and forth, still rolling in the air. Little White stood on Su Qing’s shoulder arrogantly like a lady. The phoenix disdained it and laughed out loud while rolling its eyes. The orchids were planted in flower pots to be watered with Spatial Springs. Immediately, the flowers began to grow from a sickly state to a lively one. Now, it could be seen that there were two pots of Cymbidium and two pots of Cymbidium. If he watered them again, they might bloom.

Su Qing glanced at the roses and had the urge to make the pastries. It was always good to be cautious when destroying the poor rose to make it look like you were using these petals. Su Qing then collected the rose petals that contained the spiritual energy and started to make rose pastries. When the pastries were out of the oven, the two pets protected a piece each. As they were tasting it with relish, Su Chen returned.

Su Chen had been playing basketball with his classmates all afternoon and was covered in sweat. Once he entered the house, he entered the bathroom. When he changed into casual clothes and came to the kitchen, Su Qing was cooking dinner and turned around to greet her brother. Su Chen was already 1.8 meters tall when he was 16 years old. His former shota had already grown into a handsome young man with a calm and reserved temperament. Wearing a pair of eyes should look more like a gentle scholar.

Only when Su Chen was about to take out the pastries did he notice the two pocket-sized pets happily tasting the delicacies. Looking at their expressions, they almost thought that they were seeing things.

"Qingqing, did you buy these two little fellows today? What kind of pets are these? Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"I don’t know either. I bought it just because it looked cute." Really, they became like this. No one would believe what they said.

"Why don’t we find an expert to take pictures of them? I’m quite curious."

"No, what if we ask them to research? I don’t want to lose such a cute and obedient pet."

"I’ll listen to you. Where did you buy the dessert from today? It tastes pretty good?"

"This is something I learned to cook online. I’ll cook after it’s tasty." I know the pastry tastes good, but I’m glad to hear the praise. As for the dim sum Su Qing had learned in her previous life, she had only read about it online as an excuse.

"Good luck again!" "Right, Qingqing, didn’t you buy two pots of flowers today? Grandfather only wants to buy top quality orchids. We can’t buy them, but Grandfather likes pretty flowers."

"Yes, a bunch of lilies for my mother and on the balcony."

Su Chen hurried to the balcony. He was curious as to what kind of flowers his sister had bought. Since she was young, she had felt that her little sister was not simple, that she was lively, cute, and sensible at home, that she had done household chores at such a young age, that she had tried her best to make others ignore her in front of outsiders. He kept having the feeling that Su Qing was pretending to be a pig to eat a tiger. In the eyes of outsiders, he was the rising genius of the Su Clan. That cousin of theirs, Lisa, was one of the top beauties in the capital. However, he did not know that there was a daughter in the Su Clan ... ... That Su Qing who never attended a banquet was the true beauty of geniuses. Su Qing wanted to hide it from him, and her parents also agreed to this. Naturally, he wouldn’t cause trouble. Now he wondered what had come into her eyes.

When Su Chen saw the four pots of expensive orchids hidden in the shade of the balcony, he was still astonished. The orchids owned by the old guys in the military compound had already been studied pretty well. How could such a high quality orchid appear in a flower market? It was probably bought by someone with power as soon as it appeared. How did Su Qing get her, she really was a person that could not be seen through.

At dinner, my parents said that dinner and pastries were very delicious, and my mother also liked to take a book of lilies. When Su Qing mentioned whether there were any flowers on the balcony, if it was not enough to send to the military region’s courtyard, she would give it to her grandfather. His parents nodded in agreement. They knew that Old Man Su only raised top-quality flowers, and very few people could enter his eyes. However, Su Chen, who was listening at the side, nearly choked on his food. If this kind of flower wasn’t good enough, then Grandpa doesn’t need to raise flowers. Su Chen did not say anything. He wished that his parents would be shocked once again.

Father Su didn’t think much of it. When he saw the flowers a few days later, even the orchids were about to blossom. He was really scared by the orchids. If such an orchid were to go wrong with him, it would be a huge loss. Old Man Su was so happy that he acted like a child when he saw flowers. He immediately ordered the guards to inform his old buddies who loved flowers to admire them. Ye Zichen caused those old guys to be so excited that they almost didn’t sleep at night. It was fortunate that Su Qing didn’t directly dig out the flower in the space, otherwise, who knows if someone would have a heart attack from excitement.

Everyone, please support me.