Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The people of the Ancient Sword Clan could not understand why Chen Xiang suddenly appeared here, but they were sure that Chen Xiang had a goal that was why he came to find them.

"You can go straight ahead. Why did you come here? Could it be to tell us that the Heavenly Dan Landlord is unreliable?" The middle-aged man asked: "You aren’t planning to use us to save Yue Yiran right?"

Even the family servants knew of Heavenly Dan Landlord’s plan. It was impossible for the Ancient Sword Clan not to know of it, so they could guess the answer.

"Yes, I really do need you guys to help me, but I’m not using you guys, but helping each other. I have no other choice but to think of a way, you guys help me save Yue Yiran." Chen Xiang said: "This is a pretty good deal, could it be that you are really placing your hopes on the Heavenly Dan Landlord? This fellow is not a good person. "

"What makes us believe you?" The middle-aged man asked. Of course, he did not completely trust the Heavenly Dan Landlord, but he did not trust Chen Xiang either.

"If you move the sword away, we can talk." Chen Xiang said.

The middle-aged man glanced at his sister, who nodded. He then waved his hand, and those few elders moved to protect the weak woman, and the people who surrounded Chen Xiang retreated.

Seeing that everyone had retreated, Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief, and laughed: "It’s really dangerous!"

"First, you have to make us believe that Heavenly Dan Landlord is unable to refine a pill spirit, and then you have to make us believe that you have a way to treat my sister. Otherwise, we will gift you to Heavenly Dan Landlord. The middle-aged man sneered, "You are indeed quite capable, but don’t forget, you are weaker than us."

The people of the Ancient Sword Clan thought that Chen Xiang had nowhere else to go so they took the risk to look for them.

"You guys definitely won’t give me to the Heavenly Dan Landlord." Chen Xiang said with complete certainty: "Firstly, I am unable to prove that the Heavenly Dan Landlord is unable to refine a pill spirit because I do not have any evidence. Also, I don’t know about your sister’s condition, so I can’t guarantee that I can cure her. " Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"You ..." The middle aged man was furious, just as he was about to attack, Chen Xiang suddenly opened his palm. There was a pale golden crystal in his palm.

It was a piece of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal, the one that was only the size of a thumb.

Although the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals were very strong, the people from the Ancient Sword Clan could immediately recognize them. Seeing the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, their faces were all filled with shock.

The divine swords they used could become very strong as long as a small amount of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s were added. Myriad Tao Divine Soil s were very scarce, so they could only add a small amount of the divine swords, which were all added in on the second method.

And above the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals were the strongest. Even if there was only one, it was much stronger than many of the Myriad Tao Divine Soil s.

"If you were to gift me to the Heavenly Dan Landlord, you would definitely not receive such benefits." Chen Xiang laughed: "These are Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, you are all sword users, you definitely understand the effect of adding one into the mix during the refining of the divine sword."

"Don’t worry about where you obtained my Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals. In short, this will be used as a reward to repay you for helping me. If you’re willing, we can sit down and have a good talk right now."

Chen Xiang could tell from their expressions just how precious this first fart Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal was to them. One must know that he was not lacking in this kind of thing.

The woman nodded to her brother.

Very quickly, there was a large table of food and wine, Chen Xiang laughed heartily as he ate and drank.

Just thinking about it made them feel intoxicated. To have such a human barged in, they had to treat him like an old man.

"When I save Yue Yiran, I do not need any of you to help." Chen Xiang said: "I only need you to arrange an identity for me, and let me sneak into the auction. If you agree, then this piece of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal will be yours, and if I successfully save Yue Yiran, I will give you two more."

Chen Xiang actually had another one! This made the people of the Ancient Sword Clan extremely excited.

This Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal was extremely important to them, because ever since the Super Yang Realm was separated from them back in the day, there had been very few Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals that appeared, let alone Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals.

When the time comes, we will arrange something for you. Just because you are a human Alchemist that we invited ... But you need to disguise yourself. " The middle-aged man thought for a bit, and felt that this was not a difficult matter, because no matter what, they could get a piece of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal.

If they were investigated, they would be able to clear up the relationship. Previously, they did not know what kind of person Chen Xiang was.

"Fine, I believe you!" "You guys will bring me out later. Then, I will change my appearance outside and you can bring me in. That way, I can participate in the auction in name and reason ..." Oh right, when the time comes, I will reveal the secrets of the Heavenly Dan Landlord, do you have any objections? " Chen Xiang said.

During the auction, some things would be auctioned, and Yue Yiran would become a slave and become an auction item. Right now, Chen Xiang did not know where Yue Yiran was hiding, so he could only wait for the auction to start.

"No problem, it would be for the best if you could expose him, so that we won’t be fooled by him." The middle-aged man said.

"By the way, what’s the situation with your sister? I am a Alchemist, you should all know that I am experienced in matters such as poison. " Chen Xiang looked at the frail looking lady.

"It isn’t a poison injury..." The middle-aged man sighed, "It’s an innate disease caused by someone seriously injured the day after tomorrow."

"Why do you think she is the hope of your sword clan? Her situation shouldn’t be simple, can you explain it to me? " Chen Xiang said: "Yue Yiran is also an old Alchemist, he might have a way, and at that time, I can also go with him."

"Her situation can only be cured with Sun madness fire s, and we heard that someone from the Divine Soil Restricted Area used the Tinder array some time ago. It’s said that the Heavenly Dan Landlord is using it, and many rumors say that the Heavenly Dan Landlord has already produced Sun madness fire s." The middle-aged man said.

Chen Xiang couldn’t help but laugh: "Heavenly Dan Landlord really knows how to brag. I use my head to guarantee that the Sun madness fire was not made by him ... From what I know, after the opening of the Tinder array, the first people to go to Divine Soil Restricted Area are the people of Heaven Old Imperial Family, and they are unable to enter.

The people who had activated the Tinder array were Chen Xiang and Feng Ke’er. How could it be the Heavenly Dan Landlord?