Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang felt that the lady must have some sort of secret on her body. He asked the middle aged man about it just now, but didn’t answer.

"I have a way to cure your sister." Chen Xiang suddenly said: "It will be very difficult, but at least I have a way to get hold of the Sun madness fire."

"You can get Sun madness fire?" The middle-aged man was in disbelief and his face was filled with doubt. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Yes, but. This is too dangerous. I could easily lose my life. " Chen Xiang shook his head: "So I don’t know whether or not I should decide to get the Sun madness fire or not."

"What method?" The middle aged man asked anxiously, he started to believe in Chen Xiang.

"You guys should know about the Divine Soil Race, right?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course I know. The Divine Soil Race was destroyed by the Heaven Old Imperial Family and sealed within the Divine Soil Restricted Area." The middle-aged man said.

Chen Xiang now knew that the Heaven Old Imperial Family did not tell the truth about the ancient Super Yang Divine Alter to these people. It was most likely to trick them into charging into the Divine Soil Restricted Area to scout ahead.

"Has the Divine Soil Race s of the Divine Soil Race been snatched away by the Heaven Old Imperial Family?" Chen Xiang asked again.

"It’s a well-known thing." The woman was also very curious and replied.

"Divine Soil Race is different from the others. As long as there are enough Wild source stone, we can make that Super Yang Divine Alter condense a Sun madness fire." Chen Xiang laughed: "You should know that the Divine Soil Race is being looked after by the Super Yang Old Ancestor, that’s why there are so many Myriad Tao Divine Soil, if you want to make good use of these Myriad Tao Divine Soil, then you must rely on the Sun madness fire."

"How do you know all this?" The middle-aged man had a serious expression. Chen Xiang was a human, but he knew things that even they, the Super Yang Divine Race s, did not know.

Chen Xiang tossed the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal in his hand over, then ate a large mouthful of food and tossed the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal in his hand to the middle aged man.

When he caught the piece of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal, his hands were still trembling. Chen Xiang actually gave him the piece of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal just like that.

"The people from the Divine Soil Race are not dead yet, the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals in my hands were given to me by them." Chen Xiang said: "Divine Soil Race and other Super Yang Divine Race are different, they do not reject humans, so I can become friends with the Divine Earth."

"I can get the Sun madness fire ... That’s because I have the ability to hide, and you all have seen it just now, I snuck in here a long time ago, but you all didn’t notice it, so I think I can enter the Heaven Old Imperial Family to borrow Super Yang Divine Alter s, but I will know about the specifics at that time! "

Chen Xiang sighed: "If I enter the Heaven Old Imperial Family, then it will definitely be very dangerous, and at that time I will also have to use the Super Yang Divine Alter."

The middle-aged man believed Chen Xiang’s nonsense and asked: "Do you know how to use that Super Yang Divine Alter?"

"My Divine Earth friend will teach me. He also wants me to go take a look at their Super Yang Divine Alter."

The middle-aged man returned the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal in his hand to Chen Xiang, and said: "What request do you need for you to be willing to help us obtain the Sun madness fire?"

In order to save that girl, they actually didn’t even want the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals anymore. This showed just how important that girl was to them.

"I just want to know about her. Why is she so important to your sword clan, the Bai Clan?" Chen Xiang just wanted to satisfy his curiosity. This caused the people from the Ancient Sword Clan to look at each other in dismay.

Chen Xiang threw the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal to the middle aged man, and laughed: "You should keep this stone, this is the deal we made earlier."

The woman nodded to the man, she was too weak and did not want to speak like that, she only wanted to listen at the side, then indicated to her brother, that he could tell Chen Xiang about the matter.

Chen Xiang also wanted to build a good relationship with the Bai Family of the Sword Clan. In the future, he would need the Bai Family to stir up trouble, after all, they could still be considered good people.

"The Ancient Sword Clan is the only clan in Super Yang Divine Race that has been named after a weapon. Our Super Yang Divine Alter is also very special, it’s a sword ... Of course, this was created by imitating the ancient Super Yang Divine Alter. The ancient Super Yang Divine Alter has already been destroyed, back then ... "

"I know about this part, the reason why my friend in Divine Soil Race told me about it was mainly to deal with the Divine Soil Race, and the Ancient Super Yang Divine Alter in the Divine Soil Race was also destroyed because they were cheated of their own accord." Chen Xiang said.

The middle-aged man nodded, he believed even more so that Chen Xiang had a friend from the Divine Soil Race, because this sort of thing was a secret that only the upper echelons of the great Super Yang Divine Race s knew about.

"When we destroyed the ancient Super Yang Divine Alter, our Bai Family’s ancestor was opposed to it. However, because there were still a few other surnamed races in the Ancient Sword Clan, they all supported destroying it."

"In the end, we, the ancestor of the Bai Clan, were extremely helpless and could only join in the destruction. Otherwise, our Bai Clan would have been rejected, which would have been extremely detrimental to our long-term development." The middle-aged man’s face was filled with helplessness because he felt that there might be a secret method to condense Sun madness fire in the ancient Super Yang Divine Alter.

"When the Bai Clan ancestor was participating in the destruction of the ancient Super Yang Divine Alter, he encountered a sudden situation. The instant the Super Yang Divine Alter was destroyed, he spat out a large amount of red and white blood.

"Our ancestor collapsed on the spot, his entire body cracked open, but he did not die, only suffering heavy injuries ... After his injuries healed, he gave birth to another child. His name was Bai Yang, and the people here are all descendants of Bai Yang. "

"Our ancestor, Bai Yang, was born after his blood was splashed onto the Ancient God Altar. That’s why he inherited a bloodline called the Sun Sword blood!"

After listening to his explanation, Chen Xiang turned even more serious. According to his experience, he had already guessed what would happen next.

"It would be a good thing if the Sun Sword blood were to awaken from the body of a man. The man who possesses the Sun Sword blood is extremely powerful and can be considered a genius amongst geniuses." The middle-aged man was very excited about this.

"Almost every generation of our Bai Family has people that can awaken Sword blood, and all of them are men. Therefore, our Bai Family is the strongest existence among the few surnamed races in the Ancient Sword Clan. But in our generation, Sword blood has actually awakened in a woman’s body, which means she’s my sister. " The excited look on the middle-aged man’s face disappeared as a look of worry appeared on his face.

"Because a woman’s physique is of the yin attribute and a sun Sword blood is extremely positive. Both of them are in conflict with each other... Unless we use a Sun madness fire to refine my sister’s body, then we can reverse her physique and allow her to fuse with the Sword blood in her body. "

"Our Bai Family has flourished for many years, gathered countless resources, and gained great power. However, because of our weakness, not only did the other clan clans suppress us, even the other Super Yang Divine Race s have to do something to us. If no strong person appeared in our Bai Family, we would be exterminated."

Chen Xiang was extremely interested in that Sword blood. He was wondering if he could take it out for research and use it for concocting pills.