Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

If you have read this chapter, please move to 78. com. Small. Speak. net /78.xs c. "Seven Eight Novels" or "Seven Eight Xs." C0m, please remember our new web site, 7/8/x/s.c0m. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

If you have read this chapter, please move to 78 Fiction _ net/abcxs. Also, you can search for "Seven Eight Novels" or "Seven Eight Xs" in Baidu. C0m, please remember our new web site, 7: 8. 7\/8\/x\/s.c0m.

Chen Xiang was also a person who used the sword. He was very curious about the Sword blood and continued to ask: "Is there anything special about this Sword blood? To be able to make people with Sword blood become so strong! "

Just now, the middle-aged man had already said that among the Bai Family, those who awakened Sword blood would become extremely powerful. "Crap."

"The most peculiar thing about Sword blood is that when you use the sword, it can produce a unique power. Furthermore, when you awaken the Sword blood, you will also awaken a sword technique. As for what kind of sword technique it is, we do not know. The middle-aged man said.

Chen Xiang had already stepped into the World Defying crazy realm, but he had previously used many of the techniques he used in battle, so he was a little unable to keep up with them. Although he could still release a lot of power, he was not able to truly dig out the power of the World Defying Stage Fierce Power.

For many years, he had been refining pills and the cultivation techniques he practiced were mostly related to refining pills, so he had not paid much attention to cultivation techniques. Now, he felt that he needed some powerful cultivation techniques in order to display his own strength.

"Can you give me some Sword blood?" Chen Xiang said: "Give me some Sword blood, I will take it back to study it and see if the Sun madness fire can really help you. It doesn’t need too much, just half a bowl will do!"

Half a bowl of blood was relatively insufficient. Even if the woman was extremely weak, it was not a problem for her.

Just like this, the Bai Family gave half a bowl of blood to Chen Xiang, who was discussing the details of the cooperation with them.

It was already night by the time they finished talking.

The middle-aged man’s name was Bai Ximing, and he was actually the Bai Family’s Patriarch. His sister, who was also the weak girl, was called Bai Xuelan.

Especially Bai Xuelan. Even though the Sword blood had unluckily appeared on her body, the elders in the clan hadn’t scolded her and instead, used a lot of energy to help her. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have lived until now.

"Relax, I will help you as soon as possible." Chen Xiang and Bai Ximing had already arrived outside the Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa. Chen Xiang used transformation techniques and turned into a handsome man with a head of white hair. He was dressed in a white robe and looked very much like an expert.

Bai Ximing had personally seen Chen Xiang’s change in appearance, and he could not even see a single flaw in Chen Xiang’s change in appearance. He was extremely shocked in his heart.

"Call me Master Long." Chen Xiang randomly gave himself a name.

"Alright!" Bai Ximing nodded, and then brought Chen Xiang to the entrance of the Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa.

Because Bai Ximing’s identity was noble and respected, it was very easy for the people he brought to enter Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa. This way, Chen Xiang could have a jade plate that allowed him to enter and exit freely.

"Master Long, are you really confident?" Bai Ximing brought Chen Xiang back to the big house where everyone else was already resting.

"Yes!" Chen Xiang felt that as long as he could see Yue Yiran, he had the confidence to save him.

"If you are not strong enough, I will help you." Bai Ximing said. Right now, he trusted Chen Xiang a lot, and if that Heavenly Dan Landlord really couldn’t release the Sun madness fire, then Chen Xiang was their Bai Family’s only hope.

Therefore, no matter what, they had to curry favor with Chen Xiang. Otherwise, their Bai Family would be in danger.

"Mm, if it’s necessary, I will say something. I’ll go rest first." Chen Xiang entered the house, found a relatively quiet secret room, and then took out the Sword blood that Bai Xuelan had given him.

The Sword blood was very peculiar. Although it was dark red in color, it did not solidify for a long time, and there was even a very faint smell, neither fragrant nor fishy. The smell was like the morning forest, and after smelling it, it made one feel refreshed.

"Sword blood, I wonder if it can be mass-produced?" Chen Xiang took out a pill furnace, and then placed a few Sword blood in, and released a weak flame to be refined.

During the process of burning, the tiny bit of Sword blood gradually evaporated, turning into a dark red mist!

"It’s just a few drops of Sword blood, but they’ve actually turned into so much blood energy." Chen Xiang was astonished. This small amount of Sword blood actually contained such a large amount of energy.

At this time, he had put in more than half of the Sword blood and he only had half of them remaining.

After putting it in the fire, he immediately used the weak Sun madness fire to burn it. What he did not expect was that after the Sword blood and the Sun madness fire combined, the fire burned even more vigorously, and the blood also became denser.

"Bam!"

The pill furnace suddenly shook, and the Sword blood that was frantically expanding suddenly exploded, turning into a thick blood mist that filled the entire pill furnace.

"Xiao Ke’er, quickly do it!" Chen Xiang anxiously shouted.

Feng Ke’er had been staring intently the entire time. Just as Chen Xiang finished shouting, she had already made her move, releasing a strong sealing force to suppress the clawing blood Qi, otherwise she would be pulled out by the blood Qi. It was extremely dangerous.

Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief, as he exclaimed in his heart.

"This Sword blood is really powerful!" Feng Ke’er felt that the Sword blood’s blood essence was still struggling and couldn’t help but exclaim in admiration, "If it can successfully condense a pill, then it would definitely be very powerful."

"The problem now is, if the Sun madness fire were to encounter a Sword blood, the situation would have happened. You should have seen it too, right?" Chen Xiang said: "If we inject Sun madness fire into Bai Xuelan’s body, she will be in great danger."

"This is indeed the case. Maybe it will be different after entering the human body?" Feng Ke’er said: "Even though that situation is very scary, as you and I have seen, Sword blood and Sun madness fire can fuse together, and the Sword blood becomes even stronger under the Sun madness fire’s incineration. It’s just that because you have too many Sun madness fire and too few Sword blood, it becomes extremely uneven, resulting in the explosion."

Chen Xiang thought about it and felt that it made sense, then said: "I’ll think about it after I settle the things inside the pill furnace."

He condensed the sphere of blood energy into a crystal, but it was only as small as a grain of rice.

"I can only use the Time Domain." After Chen Xiang released the Time Domain, he used the derivative method on the rice sized Sword blood Crystal.

Because it was too small, he was unable to continue refining it and could only use it as a derivation.

After he produced nine smaller Sword blood Crystals, he went on a rampage!

He had originally thought that these Sword blood Crystals were very small, and wouldn’t be a problem when they collided with each other, but he was wrong. During the collision just now, he had almost damaged Feng Ke’er’s mental state.

"This thing is too scary." Chen Xiang looked at the many tiny particles on his body, his forehead drenched with sweat.