Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang no longer dared to look at this kind of Sun Sword blood. It was simply terrifying, he was already in big trouble just now, if he did not control it in time, this mansion would probably be flattened.

Fortunately, it was only a shock!

"Master Long, what’s wrong?" Bai Ximing knocked on Chen Xiang’s door. The sound just now was coming from Chen Xiang’s place, although it was not loud, but the people in the house were all experts, so they could feel it.

"I’m concocting pills, something happened." Chen Xiang replied, "There are no problems now."

"That’s good!"

After Bai Ximing, Chen Xiang continued to refine Sword blood s.

He did not dare to use the Crash method anymore, so he could only use the derivation method to gently improve his quality.

After fusing all the fine crystals in the furnace together, he had grown a lot larger. However, he felt that it was still not enough and continued refining.

After a few days, he used the derivation method several times, and the lump of crystal became much larger. In the end, he and Feng Ke’er worked together to condense it into a pill.

"I wonder if there will be any effect if I eat it?" Chen Xiang felt that the quality of the pills here were very high. After being refined using multiple derivation methods, the quality had increased by a lot.

"We’ll know after we try. We shouldn’t be able to eat the dead." Feng Ke’er laughed.

"Then I’ll try!" Chen Xiang swallowed the pill and his face suddenly changed, because a burning sensation erupted from his stomach, causing his entire body to become hot, his skin becoming completely red.

Chen Xiang moaned in pain, "This is really killing me, burning it from the inside ... Fortunately, my physical body is strong enough. Otherwise, everything in my body would have turned into ashes. "

He was able to cultivate Sun madness fire, so he had a strong resistance against fire. Otherwise, if anyone else were to eat it, they would instantly turn into ashes.

"When you refined this Sword blood Berserk Pill, you used Sun madness fire s. Furthermore, Sword blood Crystals have been frantically devouring Sun madness fire s, and the inside of the Sword blood itself already contains extremely strong Sun madness fire s. After many more times of refining with your derivation, the quality of the Sun madness fire s have also increased by a lot." Feng Ke’er analyzed.

"Yes!" Chen Xiang took a few deep breaths and continued to suppress the burning sensation in his body.

"How do you feel now?" Feng Ke’er asked: "Is this pill useful?"

"Yes, after the pill was refined within my body, it continued to emit a burning red liquid, just like volcanic magma." Chen Xiang said: "That should definitely be a dense Sword blood, replacing the blood in my body."

Chen Xiang suddenly roared out, because the pellet in his body had gone out of control, a large amount of scorching Sword blood s surged out and flowed into all parts of his body.

Feng Ke’er anxiously set up a sound-isolating array, isolating himself from the sounds of Chen Xiang’s secret room, so as to not alarm anyone else.

Chen Xiang continuously roared; he had not experienced this kind of pain in a very long time.

Fortunately, he was inside the Time Formation, so he had enough time to cultivate it.

Although it was painful, he could continuously release energy to maintain the circulation of the Time Formation.

laid on the ground, panting. He had a feeling as if he had been reborn, although he was in pain, it brought him a very strong power.

"Is this the power of a Sword blood?" Chen Xiang closed his eyes, and some sword moves kept on flashing through his mind. This was what Bai Ximing had done before, that he could awaken sword skills.

"Frenzy sword method." Chen Xiang opened his eyes and laughed: "No wonder the Bai Family is so strong. It turns out they have this kind of sword technique, and it is even used by the Sword blood Awakened ones.

"How powerful is it?" Feng Ke’er was extremely curious. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"The Frenzy sword method can release the power of a Sun madness fire. If you cultivate it to the peak, you can use this sword technique to condense a fire seed and you can cultivate a Sun madness fire." Chen Xiang said: "This must be a secret of the Bai Clan, but the Bai Clan did not come out!"

"They definitely won’t come out!" Feng Ke’er laughed: "You can even use Sun madness fire, so the power of the sword technique shouldn’t be much use towards you right?"

"No, it is still of great use, because this sword technique can display the full power of a Sun madness fire, and can increase it by several times, or even dozens of times. If I do not have this sword technique, I can only use other techniques, but most of them can only display two to three times more." Chen Xiang said.

Although the Meteor immortal power was strong, it was only for the kind of weak power from before, and the Frenzy sword method was created for the World Defying Stage Fierce Power and Sun madness fire.

As for who started it, Chen Xiang could guess that it must have been the Super Yang Old Ancestor!

"This is really an amazing sword art. I need to practice it well." Chen Xiang said: "But now is not the time, after all, I took her Sword blood, I have to help her."

Chen Xiang was someone who would repay favors and favors. He thought for a moment, then released a few of the Sun madness fire s. He took out some other medicinal ingredients, and even some Strong strength Dan s.

"If a large number of Sun madness fire come into contact with the Sword blood, they will erupt, and their quality will improve, and they will erupt with a very strong power. If they are not controlled in time, their lives will be in danger." Chen Xiang said: "So I plan to first let a bit of Sun madness fire enter her body, and then observe her body. If there is any effect, I will refine a lot of these pills for her to eat on time."

On one hand, Strong strength Dan could replenish their World Defying Stage Fierce Power and strengthen their body. On the other hand, it was very useful to the weak Bai Xuelan to refine a strand of Sun madness fire into his Strong strength Dan.

Refining this kind of pill was extremely easy, because he already had the ability of a Strong strength Dan, he only needed to focus on refining the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul into the pill.

In just half a day, he managed to refine more than ten pills.

"Alright, you can leave now. It should be morning by now!" kept the Time Domain and walked out of the secret room, entering the courtyard. and Bai Xuelan were present as well. He also saw a few elders pouring energy into Bai Xuelan’s body, which could maintain Bai Xuelan’s body and suppress the situation in her body.

"Master Long, what pill did you concoct last night? It caused such a stir!" Bai Ximing was extremely curious.

"I might be able to use the pill again." Chen Xiang took out a Strong strength Dan.

When Bai Ximing and the other elders saw this, they frowned.

"Isn’t that the Strong strength Dan?" Bai Ximing could recognize this pill.

"This is no ordinary Strong strength Dan." Chen Xiang laughed, then handed it over to Bai Xuelan and said, "Try it, it might not have any effect on you."

Bai Ximing didn’t dare believe it, because no matter how he looked at it, it looked like a Strong strength Dan.

"She had eaten quite a few Strong strength Dan s before, but ..." Bai Ximing was still puzzled.

"I’ve passed. This is no ordinary Strong strength Dan." Although it was only a tiny bit, it was able to change Bai Xuelan’s current constitution.