Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang’s body had undergone a huge change, but Bai Ximing and the others could not see it, and were fortunate that they were unable to do so, if they knew that Chen Xiang suddenly had a Sword blood, who knew what kind of expression they would have.

Bai Xuelan rarely spoke, and she wanted to do so very much. It was just that because her body wasn’t good, she would frequently be in an uncomfortable state, so she didn’t even open her mouth to say anything.

Bai Xuelan looked at Chen Xiang, at that moment Chen Xiang had already turned into a handsome young man with a head full of white hair, which made her feel extremely surprised, but Chen Xiang’s outfit, was indeed that of a master.

Since she was young, she had frequently consumed all kinds of pills. She had even eaten all kinds that were poisonous, and although it had no effect, in order to cure her, she was not afraid of anything.

After Chen Xiang saw that she had eaten, he stood at the side and observed her carefully, staring at her haggard but extremely beautiful face.

Very quickly, Bai Xuelan’s face changed. Previously, her face was pale, but now there was a tinge of blood on it.

Bai Ximing saw it, and the other elders saw it too. They had tried various methods previously, but they just could not let Bai Xuelan’s face turn red, furthermore, Bai Xuelan’s condition was worsening continuously.

Now, they had only eaten the pellet Chen Xiang had refined, but it had actually undergone such a huge transformation. It was truly unbelievable!

After a short while, a faint blush appeared on Bai Xuelan’s beautiful face. Chen Xiang smiled, reached out to touch it, and said.

Bai Xuelan’s face became even redder after being touched by Chen Xiang. She slightly lowered her head and used her clear and pleasant voice to say: "Thank you!"

"Dragon ..." Master Long. " Bai Ximing now truly treated Chen Xiang as a master, and his face was filled with respect. Previously, they had used a lot of resources on the Super Yang Realm, but they couldn’t let Bai Xuelan have this kind of change.

And now, it was just a Strong strength Dan that Chen Xiang had spent an entire night to refine but such a huge transformation, he was truly impressed to the core.

The other elders of the Bai Family were also the same, they were clearly aware of Bai Xuelan’s situation!

"How did you do it?" Bai Ximing asked.

"This is a type of energy that I condensed using the sun. I accumulated it for many years. I mainly used it to strengthen my own flame." Chen Xiang said: "I felt that the energy I gathered would have the same effect as the Sun madness fire, so I tried it out. I didn’t expect it to actually work!"

Possessing a Sun madness fire was a very important matter, Chen Xiang definitely could not tell anyone else.

"Is there a lot of that energy?" Bai Ximing asked anxiously.

"Not much..." Chen Xiang shook his head: "But you don’t have to worry, this will temporarily alleviate Bai Xuelan’s situation. It’s enough for me to refine dozens of pills!"

Chen Xiang took out more than ten pills, and said: "Every morning, just take one, and after ten days, I will see how the situation is. At that time, I will not guarantee that your body will recover, and then you can try to use Sword blood’s power to change your physique!"

I guess this kind of energy is similar to the Sun madness fire’s. However, because you were born a girl and your body was unable to restrain this kind of Yang energy, your body was born a very weak one, unable to cultivate! Now that I am able to temporarily improve the condition of your body, I can give you the chance to cultivate and control the Sword blood. "

Chen Xiang’s face was stern, what he said was not a lie.

"Once you can successfully control the Sword blood, you might not need the Sun madness fire anymore. The energy of those Sword blood is as powerful as the Sun madness fire."

After he said those words, Bai Ximing and the other elders were even more shocked. They knew that people who owned Sword blood could release Sun madness fire s or even cultivate Sun madness fire s after cultivating the sword techniques.

They never thought that Chen Xiang, who looked so young, would actually be so powerful, worthy of the title of Master. Now, they understood why the Heavenly Dan Landlord was trying so hard to catch Chen Xiang, and why Chen Xiang was able to win the spirit pellet from this place.

"As for how she will cultivate and control the Sword blood after she recovers, that will depend on you. I believe your Bai Clan definitely has some methods related to it." Chen Xiang said.

Bai Ximing nodded: "Thank you, Master!"

Chen Xiang smiled faintly: "You don’t have to be so polite, in fact if I can resolve this situation, it will be a challenge to me personally. I like challenging these kinds of difficult problems the most, if successful, I can also accumulate experience in this area, which will be of great help to me in refining pills in the future!"

Bai Ximing and the other elders looked at each other, they did not know what discussions they had in the past, but Chen Xiang was curious, it was not appropriate for him to ask.

"I’ll go out for a walk and check out the situation." Chen Xiang said.

... ....

After Chen Xiang left, Bai Ximing said: "Although his pill techniques are powerful, his cultivation is still weak, and is only at the early stage of the World Defying crazy realm, even at the late stage, if he wants to save Yue Yiran, he will definitely be in danger. I think we should help him."

"Brother, the Alchemist who had a good relationship with our Bai Family previously did not dare to interact with us anymore because he was forced by other families. However, Chen Xiang’s Alchemist is an outstanding Alchemist." Chen Xiang had helped her, so of course she had to help Chen Xiang.

"Since all of you have already decided on this, then let’s discuss this properly. When the time comes, we should also help him save Yue Yiran. It’s just that we don’t know what his plan is right now. "

"Does he want to rob Yue Yiran when he appears?"

"If that’s the case, it would be very convenient for us to take action. At that time, we might have to put our lives on the line in order to bring Chen Xiang and Yue Yiran away." An old man said.

"How about we use a more gentle method such as buying Yue Yiran and using up all of our Bai Family’s wealth?" Bai Ximing said: "If little sister is able to successfully control the Sword blood, even if our Bai Family is temporarily destroyed, we will be able to rebuild it in the future."

The other old men all nodded. Bai Ximing’s way was to ensure that no one sacrificed their lives. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

... ....

Chen Xiang was wandering outside, he could guess that the Bai Clan was definitely discussing how to help him save Yue Yiran, but he already had a plan, so when the time came, he would use his own, although he did not know if it would work, if not, he could get the Bai Clan to help him, which would be much safer.