Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

After Chen Xiang walked around outside, he was suddenly filled with admiration for the Heavenly Dan Landlord. Many people actually believed in him because of this big scheme and many people believed that the Heavenly Dan Landlord was the strongest Alchemist in the world.

Chen Xiang’s main goal was to save Yue Yiran, he really wanted to expose the Heavenly Dan Landlord, the bragging king, and he couldn’t watch any longer. If it was possible, he would definitely not let the Heavenly Dan Landlord off at that time. [Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]

"I can’t let this guy continue being cocky." Chen Xiang really hated the Heavenly Dan Landlord. If the Heavenly Dan Landlord didn’t take Yue Yiran away, he wouldn’t have such a thing to do.

Furthermore, the Heavenly Dan Landlord was not aiming at Yue Yiran, but at him. The Heavenly Dan Landlord was extremely jealous that he obtained the pill spirit.

After Chen Xiang went back, Bai Ximing quickly went to look for Chen Xiang and entered his secret room.

"My sister’s condition is much better." Bai Ximing laughed: "This is all thanks to you. Otherwise, my sister would never be as happy as she is today."

"You’re welcome." Chen Xiang laughed: "When she is completely recovered, it won’t be too late to thank me again."

"Dragon ..." Chen Xiang, I will tell you the truth, you are powerful when you concoct pills, but your current cultivation is not high, you should be clear about this! If you are the only one with that power, then it will be very difficult to save Yue Yiran. I have discussed it with the elders within the clan. This was also to rope Chen Xiang in.

Furthermore, he did not want anything to happen to Chen Xiang, because he needed Chen Xiang to help him out in the future since he had not completely recovered yet.

"This... I have my own plans, and I’m not planning to rob you. " Chen Xiang said: "Of course, the details can only be implemented at that time."

"How about this, we’re also prepared. If you can’t handle it, we’ll help you." Bai Ximing said: "Even so, we still have two things to prepare, there’s no mistake."

"Very well. At that time, if it is not possible, I will inform all of you. I shall thank you here first." Chen Xiang said.

With the help of the Bai Clan, he could relax a lot. At the very least, after his plan failed, there would still be the Bai Clan.

... ....

Two days had passed and the auction was held as scheduled. Bai Xuelan’s complexion was much better now, and could no longer see how weak her state was before. She had been skipping in the courtyard for two days, and she had already started cultivating.

Chen Xiang never thought that his own Strong strength Dan would have such an effect. Bai Xuelan had only taken three pills, and he had already recovered so well.

There were a lot of people in the auction, but Bai Xuelan did not come. It was because Bai Ximing did not want others to know that she was getting better.

Bai Xuelan was extremely important to the Bai Clan. If the hostile forces of the Bai Clan knew about this, they would not hesitate to take action against Bai Xuelan, and the Bai Clan had already made a decision, after they returned, they would make the Bai Clan stay low profile for a period of time, or even hide themselves. Once Bai Xuelan became strong, their Bai Clan would come back again, and kill all the people who had bullied and bullied them back then.

Chen Xiang, Bai Ximing and a few other elders had only come here, the auction was only a part of the gathering, many people did not come, because the things that were being auctioned were already not suitable for them.

The auction had already started, the people who were auctioning were mainly the pills, since this was the Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa, all of these pills were taken out by the Heavenly Dan Landlord to be auctioned.

It was just that Chen Xiang did not expect that it would be used in the auction with the Myriad Tao Divine Soil as the currency.

"When we were in the Super Yang Realm, we did the same thing. We used the Myriad Tao Divine Soil to buy precious things." Bai Ximing said: "It’s just that the items auctioned are not considered rare."

Chen Xiang nodded his head, the pill that he had just sold could only be sold for two or three taels of Myriad Tao Divine Soil, if it was something good, he would be able to compete for a few dozen taels of silver, but this kind of situation was extremely rare.

Chen Xiang felt that if he tried, he would definitely be able to buy Yue Yiran, but he didn’t want Heavenly Dan Landlord to have so many Myriad Tao Divine Soil, so he had to think of another way.

"The next item we are auctioning is the same person. I believe everyone should already know about it." Heavenly Dan Landlord who was suddenly on stage shouted.

When the crowd saw him on stage, they all applauded and cheered.

When Chen Xiang saw this face, a wave of disgust arose in his heart. He really wanted to walk forward and ruthlessly stomp on her.

Yue Yiran had already been dragged out. When Chen Xiang saw Yue Yiran, his body trembled slightly.

Although this Yue Yiran was once a highly respected Alchemist, he joined hands with a human to obtain the pill spirit that I refined. He cheated during the competition and used unfair means to obtain my pill spirit. Luckily, I found out later on and caught him.

Everyone here knew what level Yue Yiran was at, this was a very strong Alchemist, and after they bought it, they would even be able to give them instructions, it was definitely worth buying.

"What’s your plan?" Bai Ximing whispered to Chen Xiang.

"Wait!" Chen Xiang was still considering.

Yue Yiran was placed on an array disc, trapped by the strong array disc, unable to come out, but Chen Xiang was not worried, he felt that he would definitely be able to get Yue Yiran out.

The Heavenly Dan Landlord laughed: "Yue Yiran’s starting price huh ... Ten taels of Myriad Tao Divine Soil. "

Just as he finished speaking, Chen Xiang stood up and said: "Heavenly Dan Landlord, I’m getting a little impatient, can you hurry up and auction your spirit pellet?"

Bai Ximing was startled, but he did not know what Chen Xiang was planning.

Seeing Chen Xiang’s attire, the Heavenly Dan Landlord did not dare look at him, and smiled: "Please wait!"

"I’m impatient." Chen Xiang finished and took out a big bag filled with Myriad Tao Divine Soil. When everyone saw it, they were shocked.

This number of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s made many of the Super Yang Divine Race present extremely jealous.

The Myriad Tao Divine Soil in Chen Xiang’s hands weighed more than a few dozen kilograms, that was a few hundred taels!

The families of the Super Yang Divine Race that were present had at most a hundred taels of silver, but this mysterious person had so many Myriad Tao Divine Soil s in his hands.

Heavenly Dan Landlord was ecstatic, and he chuckled: "Since that’s the case, then I will change it temporarily, and auction the pill spirit first."

He also needed Myriad Tao Divine Soil very much. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have held this kind of auction, and even more so, wouldn’t have lied and tricked so many families from Super Yang Divine Race. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"Heavenly Dan Landlord, how about this, when we auction the pill spirit, add Yue Yiran in as well. Whoever buys the pill spirit will get Yue Yiran. Chen Xiang said.