Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

Seeing that Chen Xiang had so many Myriad Tao Divine Soil, Heavenly Dan Landlord immediately nodded his head and laughed: "Alright, let’s sell it together!"

He also felt that this was a good idea. In this way, it would be even more attractive and it would be equivalent to buying a pill spirit to send to a servant for pill forging.

"This is the Pill Spirit, the Fierce-transformation Dan Spirit." The Heavenly Dan Landlord said: "Since the Huakuan Dan were able to refine it, everyone should have a good understanding of it."

The Heavenly Dan Landlord himself had a Fierce-transformation Dan Spirit, he had shown it to everyone before.

Chen Xiang asked: "Heavenly Dan Landlord, do you have any way to prove this pill spirit is real?"

When Chen Xiang saw this pill spirit, he was extremely happy. However, he did not expect that Heavenly Dan Landlord would actually bring out a fake pill spirit, which he could immediately see through.

This was because when he used the Dao heart Eye to check, he couldn’t see anything. If it was a real pill spirit, he could directly use the Dao heart Eye to see a ball of golden mist.

Chen Xiang guessed that this Heavenly Dan Landlord must have left just because he wanted to obtain a ticket back. If he obtained a large number of Myriad Tao Divine Soil, and adding his current strength, he would be able to survive if he went over the Myriad Tao.

Seeing Chen Xiang’s question, Heavenly Dan Landlord laughed: "My Heavenly Dan Landlord never lies, how do I prove it? ’Ow? "I still don’t have a good idea, but I can guarantee that this pill spirit is real!"

"Alright, let’s begin." Chen Xiang did not continue the investigation, which made the Heavenly Dan Landlord heave a sigh of relief.

Heavenly Dan Landlord personally hosting the auction, he shouted, "Now you can bid, the highest bidder will bid."

Chen Xiang immediately shouted, "I will leave the Myriad Tao Divine Soil s for a hundred."

When the crowd saw his tone, they knew that he was determined to win. The people who wanted to bid immediately gave up. No matter what, they would not be able to compete with him.

Of course, they also wanted to make a malicious bid to let Chen Xiang have a bit more Myriad Tao Divine Soil, but they did not dare, because they were worried that if Chen Xiang suddenly did not want it, they would not be able to take responsibility for it.

If it was before, Heavenly Dan Landlord would definitely feel that these hundred or so Myriad Tao Divine Soil s were very satisfied, but when he saw that Chen Xiang had quite a few Myriad Tao Divine Soil s in his hands, he felt that it was not enough.

"One hundred and ten taels." an old man shouted.

"One hundred and fifty!" Chen Xiang very generously increased the bid, causing everyone to take a deep breath. It could be seen how much this person hoped to obtain a pill spirit.

"One hundred and sixty." The old man shouted.

"Two hundred." Chen Xiang did not even blink.

At this time, the Heavenly Dan Landlord did not dare to continue raising the price, he immediately had the old man stop, he was afraid that he would scare Chen Xiang away, at that time they would miss this chance, and the losses would not even be worth it.

"Alright, it’s yours now!" Heavenly Dan Landlord waited for a while, but before he could make another bid, he shouted loudly.

Chen Xiang anxiously walked up and released the Six Realms mirrors.

Seeing this, Heavenly Dan Landlord’s face was full of shock, and asked: "What are you doing?"

"This is the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, take it." Chen Xiang passed two hundred Myriad Tao Divine Soil s to the Heavenly Dan Landlord.

He did not know what Chen Xiang wanted to do, and he was a little worried at this moment. This was because his spirit pellet was fake, and Chen Xiang was able to take out so many Myriad Tao Divine Soil s, he was definitely not an ordinary person.

"Is this Myriad Tao Divine Soil for real?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It’s true!" Heavenly Dan Landlord had also seen Myriad Tao Divine Soil before.

"Alright, you can give me the pill spirit now." Chen Xiang said.

The Heavenly Dan Landlord gave the pill spirit to Chen Xiang and laughed: "You are really cautious, afraid that people will try to steal it. That’s why I sent out an array disc, creating a strong barrier to protect you."

After Chen Xiang received the pill spirit, he smiled slightly. "Not bad!"

"This person is mine, right?" Chen Xiang looked at Yue Yiran and said.

"Take it away!" The Heavenly Dan Landlord laughed: Do you want me to help you get the Master-servant Contract?

"No need!" After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he immediately kept Yue Yiran inside the You Yao Mountain Villa.

Just as Heavenly Dan Landlord heaved a sigh of relief, Chen Xiang asked again, "How do I use this pill spirit? I’m going to use it here. I hope you won’t lie to me. "

Heavenly Dan Landlord felt a chill run down his spine. This pill spirit was fake, if he used it on the spot, it would definitely be exposed.

Bai Ximing who was watching from below suddenly understood Chen Xiang’s plan. Previously, Chen Xiang had asked Heavenly Dan Landlord whether this pill spirit was real, and if he could use it on the spot, it was clear that Chen Xiang had already determined that the pill spirit was fake.

If the Heavenly Dan Landlord was exposed here, then the Heavenly Dan Landlord would not be able to take away the Myriad Tao Divine Soil.

Heavenly Dan Landlord was already trapped inside the barrier by Chen Xiang, and it wasn’t easy for him to escape, but Chen Xiang had already walked out of the barrier.

Heavenly Dan Landlord tried to break through the barrier but he found that it was too strong and he couldn’t break through it at all. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"Tell me quickly, I already gave the Myriad Tao Divine Soil to you." Chen Xiang said: "I am going to use this pill spirit now, and I do not wish it to be fake!"

"Please forgive me for using this method, because I have a problem with not trusting anyone."

Heavenly Dan Landlord trembled again. If he was found out that this pill spirit was fake, he would be done for, but he was trapped inside Chen Xiang’s array disc, so only the person who used the array disc to break it would be able to, and if he forced it open, the people inside would be severely injured.

Inside the You Yao Mountain Villa, Chen Xiang had already released Yue Yiran, but he was safe and sound. He knew that the person who had saved him was Chen Xiang, and now, he understood Chen Xiang’s plan.

"Use your blood to permeate the blood into the pill spirit, and form a baby inside the pill spirit." An old man at the auction said. This was the method to use a pill spirit, and the old Alchemist knew it.

"Thank you!" After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he immediately poured his blood into the pill spirit.

At this moment, everyone was looking carefully. Being able to see someone using a pill spirit was also a very rare thing. Everyone was also very curious about the birth of a pill spirit.

However, just as Chen Xiang was about to inject his blood, the pill spirit suddenly cracked and fell to the ground.

When everyone saw the fragments, they all turned pale with fright. All of them frowned when they saw the transparent crystal core, because it was a very common material.

The people here were all sly foxes. When they saw those crystals, they immediately realized that this pill spirit was fake!

Thinking back to Heavenly Dan Landlord’s various bragging, they suddenly realized that this Heavenly Dan Landlord was a big liar.

"This is fake!" Chen Xiang was instantly enraged and coldly said to the Heavenly Dan Landlord: "You’re a good Heavenly Dan Landlord, you’re actually a scammer, quickly give the Myriad Tao Divine Soil back to me."

Initially, everything was going smoothly, but unexpectedly, they met with such a thorn in their side.