Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Those who wanted to buy a pill spirit felt their backs turn cold. If they bought it and found out that it was fake when they used it, Heavenly Dan Landlord would definitely refuse to admit it when they visit him. Furthermore, with the prestige of the Heavenly Dan Landlord, they would definitely not dare to offend him, so in the end, they could only grit their teeth and swallow their anger.

"Heavenly Dan Landlord, give us an explanation!" An old man shouted, "You actually used fake goods to deceive us. If you don’t make things clear, don’t blame us for this."

The feeling of being tricked was not good. Everyone present was very angry.

Many people were secretly blaming themselves for being careless. They had almost been deceived, and now they understood that the person who possessed so many Myriad Tao Divine Soil s was not stupid like them. If he was stupid, there wouldn’t be so many Myriad Tao Divine Soil s.

"He changed the contract." Heavenly Dan Landlord said angrily: "Just what kind of ulterior motive do you have for using such despicable methods to slander me?"

The Heavenly Dan Landlord was furious, he was still continuously attacking the barrier, but to no avail. The array formation released by Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors was extremely strong, it had all been modified by Feng Ke’er.

"Humph!" Chen Xiang merely snorted, "Whether or not I switched it or not, everyone can see that. You better not admit it, or else, if you give the Myriad Tao Divine Soil back to me, I can let bygones be bygones."

Heavenly Dan Landlord sneered: "Your technique is so profound, of course no one present could tell that I had personally refined the pill spirit myself. "I have a pill spirit, he’s right there!"

"Alright, if you are able to refine a pill on the spot, it would be my fault. Furthermore, I will give you two hundred more Myriad Tao Divine Soil s as compensation." Chen Xiang said in a cold voice, "If you are unable to refine it, then I will kill you. At most, I won’t take the Myriad Tao Divine Soil in your hands anymore."

Chen Xiang did not lack that little bit of Myriad Tao Divine Soil. If he could kill this Heavenly Dan Landlord, wasting that little bit of Myriad Tao Divine Soil would not mean anything to him.

Heavenly Dan Landlord was shocked, he never thought that Chen Xiang would actually be so ruthless.

"You ... "Pill spirit is not something that can be refined so easily." Heavenly Dan Landlord bellowed: "Do you think alchemy is easy to refine? "It’s impossible to refine it in a few hundred years. You actually harmed me in such a way. What kind of grudge do I have with you?!" FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"I will need five hundred years to refine a pill spirit. Can everyone here afford to wait?" Can you afford to wait? I am willing to refine it, but no one is willing to wait. "

Chen Xiang and Heavenly Dan Landlord had a huge grudge, but he would not admit his identity here.

"I have the Time array, so I can shorten the time needed to go out. It will only take around seven to eight days for five hundred years to pass inside the formation plate." Chen Xiang said: "Seven or eight days, everyone can still afford to wait."

Bai Ximing shouted: "Heavenly Dan Landlord, just concoct then, I’m already willing to waste a lot of resources to open the Time array, and you also said that you are willing to concoct it, for seven or eight days, we can all wait."

Everyone nodded their heads. To them, seven or eight days was nothing. What they were more concerned about was that Chen Xiang really wanted to use the Time array.

"Are you ready?" Chen Xiang looked at Heavenly Dan Landlord and laughed coldly.

Heavenly Dan Landlord kept on cursing in his heart. He really did not know why he would meet such a person, but he could not blame others for it. After all, he was the one who was selling fake elixirs, and he himself did not know how to refine them.

"If you still don’t return the Myriad Tao Divine Soil to me, don’t blame me for killing you." Chen Xiang’s voice was filled with killing intent, he then took out a shovel.

When Refiner saw his shovel, he shouted in shock, "The shovel in his hand was crafted by Myriad Tao Divine Soil!"

When the crowd heard this, they burst into an uproar. Someone had actually used the Myriad Tao Divine Soil to refine such a shovel.

Bai Ximing and a few other elders of the Bai Family knew that Chen Xiang even had Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, so he definitely had a lot of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s.

"I will do it dozens of times. If you don’t give me a shovel, I will kill you." Chen Xiang held the spade tightly, he felt that this spade would not kill Heavenly Dan Landlord, it would take him at least three or four times.

Heavenly Dan Landlord was so angry that the muscles on his face twitched. He, a dignified Heavenly Dan Landlord, actually died under a shovel?

"Consider it my bad luck, I’ll return it to you!" Heavenly Dan Landlord took out the Myriad Tao Divine Soil and said, "As long as I return the Myriad Tao Divine Soil to you, you won’t kill me. This is what you said, right?"

"Yes, I promised you in front of so many people. You can rest assured." Chen Xiang said with a serious face.

"Everyone heard, if he attacks, my Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa’s people will not let you go." Heavenly Dan Landlord looked at the elders at the side, all of them were powerful, but Chen Xiang was not afraid at all.

The Heavenly Dan Landlord passed the Myriad Tao Divine Soil over to Chen Xiang, and when Chen Xiang received it, he smiled sinisterly, causing his entire body to tremble.

"Hurry up and remove the formation plate." Heavenly Dan Landlord anxiously shouted: "Also, return Yue Yiran to me, we have not succeeded in this transaction, and Yue Yiran is also within the transaction range, I have already returned him to your Myriad Tao Divine Soil, so you must return the slave back to me."

"As you wish!" Chen Xiang released Yue Yiran, who was holding onto a shovel, the kind that was refined using the Myriad Tao Divine Soil.

Yue Yiran entered the enchantment, immediately waved the shovel in his hand, and quickly attacked the Groundless Lord.

Yue Yiran had been holding back his anger for a long time, and now that he had the chance to take action, he was risking his life.

Heavenly Dan Landlord never thought that Chen Xiang would actually return Yue Yiran to him like this, and even gave him a weapon that was refined by Myriad Tao Divine Soil.

Yue Yiran was originally very strong, and with the weapons refined by the Myriad Tao Divine Soil in his hands, he could become even more powerful.

Just as Heavenly Dan Landlord took out a sword to block, he was interrupted by Yue Yiran.

"Bastard, go to hell!" The spade in Yue Yiran’s hand swept through everything, and a good piece of meat was already dug out, Heavenly Dan Landlord’s body was already covered in wounds.

"You all ... "You all..." Heavenly Dan Landlord suddenly felt that Yue Yiran and Chen Xiang knew each other, and when he wanted to say it out, Yue Yiran had already swung the shovel in his hand and cut off Heavenly Dan Landlord’s neck.

Heavenly Dan Landlord died under a shovel in the end!

Everyone was at a loss whether to laugh or cry. They were all very strong just like Yue Yiran, but the battle ended so quickly, and Heavenly Dan Landlord did not even release his strength, and he died by the blade.

"I promised not to kill him. I’ve already done it." Chen Xiang snorted, looked at the few elders who wanted to take action, he kept the array disc, and Yue Yiran was already behind him.

Everyone was afraid of the spade that was still bleeding. It was crafted by the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, and was many times stronger than the beautiful Divine Weapons in their hands.