Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

readx (); recommended...

After the Heavenly Dan Landlord was destroyed, the experts of the Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa did not dare to act rashly, because they all thought that Chen Xiang was extremely strong, otherwise, they would not have been able to have so many of them.

Be it in the Heaven Old Super Realm or the Super Yang Realm, no one had ever used the Myriad Tao Divine Soil to create a shovel. No one had ever owned so many Myriad Tao Divine Soil.

Chen Xiang returned to Bai Ximing’s side and then left with him.

No one here knew Chen Xiang, but there were many who knew him, and among them were Bai Ximing’s enemies.

When they saw that Bai Ximing was together with such a mysterious and powerful person, they couldn’t help but start to worry secretly, because Chen Xiang had a large number of Myriad Tao Divine Soil in his hands.

Just now, everyone had seen that Yue Yiran’s shovel could easily destroy the World Defying Stage Fierce Power’s protective shield on the Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa’s sword. If he was in a battle, it would be extremely dangerous for him to not have enough power to defend against the divine weapons forged by the Myriad Tao Divine Soil.

After Chen Xiang and Bai Ximing returned, Bai Ximing immediately gathered all the people and prepared to leave the Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa.

"We have already received a lot of attention, we need to quickly leave the Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa." Bai Ximing was extremely vigilant, because when he left the auction place, he saw that many of his enemies were staring at him.

Seeing that he knew such a strong person, their enemies would definitely be very uneasy. They might even make a move, he did not want to implicate Chen Xiang.

The matter of Chen Xiang entering the Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa was settled, and Yue Yiran was saved without a hitch. The Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa also died.

Of course, he had also gained a lot from this trip.

"Do you want to return to the Super Yang Realm?" Chen Xiang asked.

"That’s the place we’re most familiar with. Of course, we have to go back." Bai Ximing said: "My sister’s condition has greatly improved."

"There are a few Strong strength Dan here that I refined in the past two days." Chen Xiang gave him another hundred pills and said, "This should be enough for her to recover. The rest is up to you guys."

"Many thanks!" Bai Ximing was extremely grateful. Not only did Chen Xiang give him over a hundred of those Strong strength Dan, he also gave him a piece of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal.

"There’s no need to be so polite. See you again!" Chen Xiang was the first to leave Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa, he was also very eye-catching, since he had many Myriad Tao Divine Soil s at his disposal.

... ....

Walking out of the Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa, Chen Xiang saw more than ten people following him. He sneered on the inside, then teleported away.

"It shouldn’t be long before the Bai Family can rise to prominence again. According to the power of the Frenzy sword method, the Bai Family only needs one person who possesses a Sword blood to dominate the entire Super Yang Realm."

After coming out, Yue Yiran said that he had other things to do, and left on his own. Chen Xiang, on the other hand, had returned to the Divine Soil Restricted Area.

Chen Xiang had already entered the Divine Soil Restricted Area, so he didn’t need to be so alert. It would be much safer inside.

Inside the Sun God Forest, Chen Xiang came to the middle region where the Super Yang Divine Alter was. It was currently very hot here, because the Spirit of Divine Alter was currently releasing flames to refine weapons.

"How’s the progress of my Heavenly magic sword?" Chen Xiang asked, this was a weapon that he liked very much, although he had refined it many times, he still liked to use this name.

"It’s about time, Spirit of Divine Alter is really powerful. If it was me, I’m afraid I wouldn’t be able to complete it in such a short period of time." Chen Cai said.

Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors and the Tianchuang furnace, and said: "There are still two things here that you need to refine from the start." Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The Spirit of Divine Alter snorted, "You rascal, can’t you let us rest?"

"You want to rest even with such a crappy stone?" Chen Xiang laughed and then took out nine Crystal emperor s.

Spirit of Divine Alter never thought that Chen Xiang would have so many Crystal emperor in his hands.

"Brat, you are defying the heavens!" You plan to use so many Crystal emperor to refine Divine Weapons? " Spirit of Divine Alter was very surprised.

"Yes, you two have to help me refine these two things again, and one of the most important is this mirror. While you guys are refining, you can’t make any big changes to the inside, I just need to increase the strength of this mirror, and use six Crystal emperor s to make it." Chen Xiang said very seriously.

Six Realms mirrors s were extremely useful. They could be used to support alchemy, to protect themselves, to counter enemies, to ride and fly, to find some old friends, and to set up all sorts of powerful formations.

He had even wanted to use nine Crystal emperor s to refine them, but he was worried that there would be a great deal of difficulty in refining them, hence the difficulty was reduced to six.

Chen Cai didn’t have any problems with that, because he had always liked refining and using such high grade materials to refine. The Crystal emperor s with Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals were extremely rare and valuable refining materials, and not everyone would have the chance to refine so many Crystal emperor.

"Okay, anyway, I want to see how powerful the things refined with six Crystal emperor are." The Spirit of Divine Alter itself was refined using the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals and Crystal emperor.

"Spirit of Divine Alter, have you heard of the Sun Sword blood?" Chen Xiang felt that the Spirit of Divine Alter would definitely know.

"Of course I’ve heard of it. The Sun Sword blood is actually the so-called Super Yang Divine Race’s berserk battle bloodline." Spirit of Divine Alter said, "This kind of bloodline is extremely rare, and Super Yang Old Ancestor himself also possessed this bloodline back then. It is possible that Super Yang Old Ancestor sealed this bloodline in order to allow the nine great Super Yang Divine Race to balance out this bloodline, so it did not appear again afterwards."

"Have you ever seen this kind of Sword blood?" Chen Xiang asked again, but the Spirit of Divine Alter was actually unable to tell that he had already grasped the Sword blood.

"Of course I’ve seen it before. I was refined and created by the Super Yang Old Ancestor, so I have seen the berserk state that the Super Yang Old Ancestor is in. That is very scary." Spirit of Divine Alter suddenly felt very suspicious, "Hey, how did you know about this? Not many people seem to know about the Sword blood, so even if there were, they would already be dead. "

"You’re wrong, the Sword blood has already been passed down, and I’ve even met them." Chen Xiang laughed mischievously, "What’s strange is that following the Sword blood’s inheritance, there’s actually still those three Frenzy sword method s that were obtained along with the Sword blood’s awakening."

"What? Where did you see it?" Spirit of Divine Alter was surprised, she almost ran out and asked Chen Xiang.

"A descendant of the sword clan’s Bai clan, and one that belongs to a woman." Chen Xiang said.

"On a woman ..." Wasn’t this girl destroyed? However, if they used Sun madness fire s to transform it ... However, it’s not a problem with your physique. Did you help them? " The Spirit of Divine Alter said.

Chen Xiang told Spirit of Divine Alter about the Bai Family’s situation. Spirit of Divine Alter also felt that he could help the Bai Family because if the Bai Family rises again in the future, they would have a very strong ally.