Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Cai was very serious about refining Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword, his furnace had been injected with a large number of violent Sun madness fire, and it was unknown what method Spirit of Divine Alter used to allow Chen Cai to easily control his Sun madness fire.

When he heard about the Sword blood, he was very curious and said: "I also know a bit about the Sword Clan Bai Clan from my inheritance. I heard that those who possess Sword blood all use their own Sword blood to forge swords."

"The reason they are strong is not just because they have mastered Frenzy sword method, because the strength of the Sun Blood Sword that they forged using Sword blood is comparable to a Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal. As for the process, I am not too sure, in short, it is from my memory."

The Spirit of Divine Alter sighed, "I never thought that the Super Yang Old Ancestor’s Sword blood still survived. Many things were completely different from what the Super Yang Old Ancestor had expected!"

Chen Cai laughed: "Super Yang Old Ancestor has underestimated his own descendant. After all, he more or less does have a little of his very arrogant bloodline, which is why it has exceeded his control."

At that time, the Super Yang Old Ancestor did everything possible to stop his descendants from fighting within the Super Yang Old Ancestor. Even if it was a internal conflict, it couldn’t be a internal conflict in the end, and in the end, the Heaven Old Divine Race was still the strongest within the Heaven Old Super Realm.

For the time being, Chen Xiang had kept the fact that he had a Sword blood a secret. He more or less did not want to tell anyone else about it, because he himself felt that it was a very important matter. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

In order to refine his own things better, Chen Xiang had used the Time Domain on the Spirit of Divine Alter and Chen Cai.

Chen Cai started to refine his Six Realms mirrors, it was extremely difficult to refine it, it was not easy to melt six Crystal emperor s, and he had to duplicate all of their Spirit grain s on top of them.

There were a lot of Spirit grain above the Six Realms mirrors. Feng Ke’er had said before, there were at least a million of them.

That was why there were so many different kinds of Spirit grain. Since he was refining them now, he would definitely have to copy the other parts of the Spirit grain and then fuse with the important artifact spirit inside the Six Realms mirrors. There were already a variety of things that required a lot of time.

At the same time as Chen Xiang performed the Time Domain, he was also learning that there were many good sword techniques inside that could release very strong Sun madness fire s, which could allow him to unleash a very strong power in battle.

"My hands are really itchy." Chen Xiang looked at the sword techniques inside, he really wanted to try, but he could not do it now.

At this time, the Mei Jing Sisters within the You Yao Mountain Villa had already successfully stepped into the World Defying crazy realm. Among them, only one would have stepped into the World Defying crazy realm.

The World Defying Stage Fierce Soul that Jiang Simei was looking for also came from the World Defying Stage Soul River s of the third floor. It was a World Defying Stage Fierce Soul that possessed the power of regeneration, so it was suitable for them.

Outside of Divine Soil Restricted Area was a large group of people, all of them coming from the Super Yang Divine Race and the Super Yang Divine Race’s Venerable family.

... ....

"According to us using a secret technique, the final location of the great master Long is here. Although it is very blurry, but he should be suspicious there." A black-robed old man sneered, "I really didn’t expect that the people from the Divine Soil Race would be so arrogant."

"Hmph, the Myriad Tao Divine Soil inside should have been divided equally, but they took it over themselves. They even said that the Super Yang Old Ancestor let them guard it all those years ago, and now they are actually using it to make shovels."

"We must charge in and take back what belongs to us!"

"The Divine Soil Restricted Area’s defense is getting stronger and stronger. Why does the hell is this? Could it be that the ancient Super Yang Divine Alter has recovered? "

"It’s extremely possible. If it’s really like this, then we’ll have to trouble you. If the Gu Super Yang Divine Alter is here, then we have no hope at all."

This group of people all wanted to get the Myriad Tao Divine Soil. They knew that there were a lot of Myriad Tao Divine Soil inside, but they couldn’t go in now.

Heaven Old Emperor looked at the crowd and said: "All these years, is the only thing you guys have been able to do? Are you afraid of a barrier like this? You still want to get a Myriad Tao Divine Soil? If our Heaven Old Imperial Family is able to enter, then don’t ask us too much about our Myriad Tao Divine Soil s. "

"You all ... Do you have a way? " The various families of the Super Yang Realm were all very worried. If the Heaven Old Imperial Family could enter, they could only do so in a hurry.

The Heaven Old Imperial Family had been on this land for many years, so they must have researched it thoroughly. It was possible for them to break the enchantment around the Divine Soil Restricted Area.

Seeing this group of people’s face filled with worry, Heaven Old Emperor could not help but sneer.

Back then, it was the Heaven Old Imperial Family that annihilated the entire Divine Soil Race, so they were extremely powerful, but it was only because they neglected it that the Divine Soil Race came back to life. Actually, this was mainly because they did not expect an anomaly like Chen Xiang to appear.

"Of course we have a way." The Heaven Old Emperor said, "However, you must find out who is the master of this Heaven Old Super Realm. Don’t think that just because the two realms have merged together, you all have the qualifications to compete for this land."

Heaven Old Emperor had dominated Heaven Old Super Realm for so many years, yet there were suddenly appeared a few aristocratic families whose strength were on par with theirs. This made them a little unhappy, and they were about to tell these aristocratic families that their Heaven Old Imperial Family was still the King.

After Heaven Old Emperor brought his people and left, the rest of the people from the other families were furious and could only return to discuss with the seniors in their families.

... ....

There would always be grudges between these Super Yang Divine Race s, making it a little impossible for them to join hands with each other. It had to be known that within the Ancient Sword Clan, there were already a few factions that had been separated, and this was the case for the Bai Clan of the Sword Clan. They were currently opposed to the other Sword Clans that had the surname of the Ancient Sword Clan.

Chen Xiang was also clear on this point, so he was temporarily not too worried about these Super Yang Divine Race s.

However, Bai Ximing had told him before that he would lose a large number of Myriad Tao Divine Soil sooner or later, because there were simply too many of them.

Chen Xiang used the dual Time Domain, allowing Chen Cai and Spirit of Divine Alter to help him refine the divine artifact more quickly. At this time, a month had already passed outside and Chen Xiang had already obtained the Six Realms mirrors he had refined before.

"In the future, I can use it without worry, haha!" Chen Xiang laughed complacently as he looked at the dazzling Six Realms mirrors.