Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Although the Six Realms mirrors s refined from Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals looked the same as before, the color had changed a lot. Right now, the surface was a light gold crystal, when injected with the World Defying Stage Fierce Power, it could make the mirror frame emit a faint golden glow, and the mirror surface was also brighter and clearer.

"That’s right, when I’m using it, can others see that this is something refined by Crystal emperor?" Chen Xiang asked: "If I can see it, isn’t that too high-profile? It’s very easy to be hunted down! "

"Most people can’t tell, so don’t worry, at least I can’t tell that it’s a Crystal emperor." The Spirit of Divine Alter said, "This is mainly because Chen Cai’s refining technique is outstanding, and is able to conceal the aura unique to the Myriad Tao Divine Soil."

Chen Xiang relaxed and laughed: "When I took out this shovel, I was actually recognized by someone, hehe!"

Feng Ke’er scoffed, "Am I not good at refining? Back then when I was refining, I was just casually refining it. Who would have known that you would use it to fight. "

This was truly refined casually by Feng Ke’er, it was a place filled with Myriad Tao Divine Soil, she did not feel bad at all.

"I don’t need to concoct any pills during this period of time, so I don’t need this Tianchuang furnace for now." After Chen Xiang received the Six Realms mirrors, he felt that it was enough, he had been holding it in for a long time, he really wanted to try out the Ardent Flame Sword Technique.

"This kid, he can’t sit still anymore." Chen Cai laughed.

"It must be to go out to harm our sister." Spirit of Divine Alter laughed sinisterly.

Chen Xiang stuck out his tongue at them, then left the Divine Soil Restricted Area. He could not use his Frenzy sword method here, he was worried that he would be discovered by the Spirit of Divine Alter.

After leaving the Divine Soil Restricted Area, when Chen Xiang went outside, he immediately felt that there were a lot of auras left here, causing him to take a deep breath, "Those people actually came here, and the Emperor of the Heaven Old Imperial Family, what are they doing here?"

"Could he be preparing to attack the Divine Soil Restricted Area?" Chen Xiang looked at the barrier that shrouded the Divine Soil Restricted Area. The power of the Ancient Super Yang Divine Alter had strengthened him, so he was more at ease.

"Whatever, the Spirit of Divine Alter should be able to protect this Divine Soil Restricted Area. I’ll go try out my Frenzy sword method first." Chen Xiang took out the Heavenly magic sword s and refined it with the Crystal emperor s. The originally pitch-black sword blade had already turned pale golden, and it looked extremely beautiful.

However, Chen Xiang felt that it was a little unaccustomed, because he had used the Heavenly magic sword for many years.

After Chen Xiang came out, he immediately left Divine Soil Restricted Area and arrived at a mountain range.

"Let’s try the basics of Frenzy sword method, Frenzy sword wind!" Chen Xiang took a deep breath, then activated the Sun madness fire and the World Defying Stage Fierce Power, following the instructions in the sword technique.

Heh!

Chen Xiang slashed out, and with a "peng" sound, the Heavenly magic sword shook violently for a while, before exploding out with a loud noise.

"It’s a failure. The sword qi did not appear smoothly, and it exploded within the sword."

Failing on the first try was a very normal thing, Chen Xiang knew that it was not easy to grasp Frenzy sword method, and needed a lot of practice.

After a few days of practice, when Chen Xiang brandished the sword, a faint layer of mist could be seen on the surface of the Heavenly magic sword. This mist continuously surged.

"My Heavenly magic sword was refined using Crystal emperor in the first place. It is extremely sharp and is unable to see how strong the Frenzy sword wind is."

Chen Xiang kept the Heavenly magic sword and took out an ordinary divine sword. After successfully releasing the Frenzy sword wind, he took out a pill furnace that he did not want, and swept it towards the pill furnace. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"The Frenzy sword wind is truly powerful, but it does not have any aura, nor does it have that kind of overbearing and overbearing aura." Chen Xiang looked at the Frenzy sword wind on the sword and nodded his head in satisfaction.

Frenzy sword wind was only the basics of Frenzy sword method, and to use the later sword moves, one had to grasp the Frenzy sword wind first.

Chen Xiang then began to control his Frenzy sword wind to fly out. It could conduct long-range attacks and was very useful in battle. After ten days of practice, it was enough for him to successfully slash apart the gigantic mountain that was thousands of meters away.

"It’s really mysterious. Even though the Sun madness fire was used, it did not have a single bit of flame nor was it scorching hot. This degree of restraint is really scary." Chen Xiang had thought that the Frenzy sword wind would be like the Sun madness fire, releasing an extremely tyrannical flame Qi Shi, or maybe it was a scorching power.

But now that he had mastered it, he discovered that it was not like that. Frenzy sword wind required a large amount of Sun madness fire and World Defying Stage Fierce Power to be converted into a very strong Qi.

Of course, there were a lot of content in the Frenzy sword method, with these kind of gentle and restrained sword moves, there were also berserk and surging inside, but Chen Xiang had not learnt them yet, because all he had learned was the basics, to master the basics well, to integrate and understand them well, and to learn other sword moves later on, he would be able to use them flexibly, and would be able to master them easily.

Early in the morning, Chen Xiang watched the seven suns rise, and was extremely curious in his heart, "What exactly is within these suns ... Super Yang Old Ancestor is truly a powerful guy, to have so many Myriad Tao Divine Soil s, and even have the Sun Fire Seed ... "

Chen Xiang had always felt that these suns were strange, he suddenly felt that they were all alive, but it was difficult to communicate with them.

"Where are the two dead suns? Could it be that after a Super Yang Divine Race is destroyed, the corresponding sun will destroy itself? The destruction of such a strong sun should have had a huge impact on a world. However, two of the suns were destroyed, but this Heaven Old Super Realm was completely fine. "

The Sun madness fire that Chen Xiang was currently mastering, as well as the sun Sword Blood and the Frenzy sword method that he was learning, were all closely related to these suns. This made him curious, as he wanted to find out the secrets that were hidden within them for eternity.

"I wonder how the situation is right now. Back then, Heaven Old Divine Race had the ability to eliminate the Divine Soil Race. I can’t let my guard down." Chen Xiang already treated the Divine Soil Restricted Area as his home, it was a place with an extremely good environment, and it also had a large number of Myriad Tao Divine Soil.

Chen Xiang did not want the Myriad Tao Divine Soil to be controlled by a power like the Heaven Old Divine Race, so he anxiously stopped his training and headed towards the city that the Heaven Old Imperial Palace was at.

If he wanted to pay attention to the Heaven Old Divine Race, he would need to find an old friend for help. He anxiously took out the Six Realms mirrors and found Yue Yiran.

"Boss, how is it now?" Your problem is settled, Chen Xiang needs Yue Yiran’s help.