Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Although Yue Yiran could not see through Chen Xiang’s true strength, but from Chen Xiang’s fearless demeanor, he could tell that Chen Xiang was not afraid of the three middle-aged men.

After closing the door, Chen Xiang took out a pale golden mirror and threw it over to the three middle aged men.

The three middle-aged men did not expect that such an insignificant fellow would suddenly attack them. They immediately brandished their blades and wanted to rush over to kill Chen Xiang, but they did not expect that when the light golden mirror flew above their heads, it released a golden light that enveloped them in an instant.

The sealing power released by the Six Realms mirrors was extremely strong, not to mention that the Six Realms mirrors s had already refined it recently. The array formations and sealing barriers that were released had all been strengthened a lot.

"The middle stage of the World Defying crazy realm is already so rampant? I thought he was at the late stage or peak of the World Defying crazy realm. " Chen Xiang said while smiling as he slowly walked over.

The reason the three Middle-aged Man in Black Robe s were so arrogant, was because of the divine blade in their hands, but they thought that Yue Yiran, the Peak of World Defying crazy realm, was afraid of them.

"Boss, it’s better if you do it yourself." Chen Xiang laughed: "I’m too weak, I’m worried that I won’t be able to kill them."

Yue Yiran rolled up his sleeves, and sighed while shaking his head: "I ... You fellows are able to live so well on top of the Myriad Tao, so you should treasure your own life. Even if I am a bad old man, I am still a part of the Peak of World Defying crazy realm. Don’t think that just because I am a pill refiner I am very weak. "

As Yue Yiran spoke, he took out the shovel that Chen Xiang had given him and entered the seal of the Six Realms mirrors, he waved the shovel and swept through the place, only to see blood flying everywhere, while screaming in pain.

After Yue Yiran dealt with them, he placed their corpses into a furnace to burn, and he gave the three divine blades to Chen Xiang.

"It’s better if you take it." Chen Xiang simply did not like these things. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Whatever, since you’re so rich now." Yue Yiran laughed, those divine blades were all made from Myriad Tao Divine Soil, although it was not all Myriad Tao Divine Soil, but to many people, it was extremely precious.

Otherwise, those three middle-aged men wouldn’t be so cocky.

"Why did the Heaven Old Imperial Family send this kind of idiot here?" Chen Xiang kept his Six Realms mirrors. Yue Yiran was captured by the Heavenly Dan Landlord because he was tricked, and was ambushed by the Heavenly Dan Landlord. But no matter what, it was an old expert of the Peak of World Defying crazy realm.

And these three Middle-aged Man in Black Robe s actually ran over to their deaths relying on the fact that they had three decent Divine Blades. This was something that Chen Xiang found hard to understand. (TL: UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU))

"There are a lot of idiots like this in the Heaven Old Imperial Family. They probably sent them here to investigate the situation, and when they saw me here and also saw me meeting someone, they ran over excitedly, thinking that I would be intimidated by them."

Yue Yiran sighed: "In the end, it’s still because they’re too greedy. They want to capture me, force you out, and then take all of Myriad Tao Divine Soil for themselves.

"But at least we know one piece of news, the experts that are heading towards the Myriad Tao s must have returned." Chen Xiang said.

"As long as they are still World Defying crazy realm, they won’t be that strong. I’m afraid that if they number more, they will be able to join hands with the other Super Yang Divine Race." Yue Yiran said: "Looks like we have to consider this matter carefully. Could it be that you are the only one who can fight in Divine Soil Race?"

"Of course not." Chen Xiang laughed, "Although the Divine Soil Race’s overall strength is not bad, it’s still a great loss.

"That won’t do, you need to find an extra helper, otherwise, once the Divine Soil Restricted Area’s enchantment barrier is broken, it will become very troublesome." Yue Yiran said: "What I am worried about is them using the power of the sun, if their Super Yang Divine Race were to join forces, they should be able to use the power of six suns."

Chen Xiang did not know about this matter, and the Spirit of Divine Alter had never told him either.

"Of course, it’s best if you can destroy their Super Yang Divine Alter." Yue Yiran laughed: "But they will definitely go crazy."

Find help?

Chen Xiang immediately thought of the Sword Clan Bai Family.

"The Super Yang Realm and the Heaven Old Super Realm have fused, they should have become one entity, but the other side still calls themselves the Super Yang Realm." Chen Xiang said: "Boss, do you know in which direction?"

"What are you doing over there?" Yue Yiran was a little curious.

"Get help." Chen Xiang said.

Yue Yiran didn’t ask too much and told Chen Xiang the location of the Super Yang Realm.

Chen Xiang left Sky Qi City in a hurry, and used the power of space to head to Super Yang Realm.

In merely half a day, Chen Xiang had arrived at the Super Yang Realm. It was no different from the Heaven Old Super Realm, it had the same aura, the same space, and seven suns in the sky.

"Try using the Six Realms mirrors." Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors possessed the ability to find people, but could only look for familiar people.

"Found it!" Chen Xiang saw that Bai Ximing had appeared on the mirror and immediately called out to him.

"Brother Bai, I’m here at Super Yang Realm." Chen Xiang laughed: "I want to meet you. I have something to discuss with you.

When Bai Ximing heard Chen Xiang’s voice suddenly appear in his mind, he was extremely shocked.

"Chen Xiang, you’re really amazing, to be able to contact me." Bai Ximing asked in shock: "Where are you? I’ll go find you, my place is dangerous. "

"I can teleport." Chen Xiang said: "I’m going over now!"

Finished, Chen Xiang immediately used his spatial energy and teleported to Bai Ximing’s side. Coming here, he immediately looked around, to find a bright cave.

Bai Ximing was stunned, the method Chen Xiang used surprised him yet again.

"What is this place?" Chen Xiang looked at the path that led outside: "Weren’t you in the family?"

"Of course not. I came out to meet a strong enemy to kill me, so I had no choice but to hide in this dangerous mountain range. Right now, there are powerful Tiangu beast everywhere outside." Bai Ximing said: "This is truly strange, what kind of fellow is chasing after me."

"You don’t know?" Chen Xiang also thought it was strange, Bai Ximing was someone with an important position, and his strength was not bad as well.

"I think it’s one of the Sword Clan’s other surnames ... Three of them are in the late stage of World Defying crazy realm and one of them is at the pinnacle. They can be used for extremely powerful cosmetic surgery, if not I would not be cowering in this place. " Bai Ximing sighed.

"Where is your Bai Family? Is there any danger? " Chen Xiang asked again: "I think it’s because the other surnamed races of the Sword Clan allied together, they will be very worried if they found out that you know a person with a large number of Myriad Tao Divine Soil, so before you guys rise up, it’s best to strike first."