Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was not unreasonable because he had met people from the Heaven Old Divine Race before, and all of them went to the Myriad Tao early to fight. The environment was very cruel, and those who went there to train, were all quite strong.

Bai Ximing also felt that it was possible, because he realized that those people were not the kind of people he was familiar with.

"I’ll take you back to the Bai Clan." Chen Xiang said: "Your sister is still in the Bai Clan right?"

"Yes." Bai Ximing shook his head, and said with some doubt: "How are you going to bring me back?"

Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors, and checked that Bai Xuelan was cultivating, then laughed: "I’ll bring you back!"

Chen Xiang brought Bai Ximing and used teleportation to quickly arrive outside the Bai Mansion.

After arriving, Bai Ximing was shocked at first, but when he realized that something was wrong, he brought Chen Xiang and hastily rushed to the front door. After activating the large array, he brought Chen Xiang into the Bai Mansion.

When Bai Ximing was closing the door, he suddenly saw a group of blue clothed people continuing. They all had swords with blue sword sheaths hanging from their waists, which looked a little similar to the Bai Clan’s attire.

Chen Xiang could tell from one look that this group of blue-clothed people were definitely from the Sword Clan.

"It’s the Sword Clan Lan Clan!" Bai Ximing looked at them and said softly.

"Is it powerful?" Chen Xiang asked. Right now, he was separated by a large array so he could not sense the other party’s aura.

"Very strong!"

Bai Ximing opened the door, and shouted to the people from the Lan Clan: "What are you doing here? Could it be that when he passed by and became thirsty, he came to get some water to drink? "

The leader of Lan Clan’s group was a young man. He smiled and said: "That’s not it, we just feel that the Bai Family’s second master is too lonely and came to accompany her. I hope you can let her entertain us."

"Just based on you guys, you guys aren’t going to take a piss and take care of yourselves." Bai Ximing said in disdain: "My sister is a Sun Sword blood, you guys aren’t even worthy to see her."

Bai Ximing’s words enraged the people of Lan Clan, but they endured it.

"Haha, Bai Xuelan is just a piece of trash. So what if he has a Sword blood? The blue clothed man laughed sinisterly: "We might as well offer her to her and let us have a taste. Maybe the Sword blood will be able to shine more brilliantly on our bodies than others."

Because Bai Xuelan was a woman, she was not fused with the masculine Sun Sword blood, this was a matter that everyone knew, not only did the other surnamed races of the Sword Clan hope to get Bai Xuelan, the other three Super Yang Divine Race s also coveted for Bai Xuelan’s Sword blood, and wanted to grab Bai Xuelan to let him bleed, and then drink Bai Xuelan’s blood, so that they could inherit the Sword blood.

Bai Ximing was furious, he immediately shut the door.

"Brother Bai, are we going to let them go just like that?" As Chen Xiang watched from the side, he felt extremely unhappy.

"They are all the young elites of the Lan Clan. They often come here to make a ruckus ... Of course, it’s not only the Lan Clan, other families would also do this kind of thing frequently, I don’t mind it anymore. As long as we can endure it any longer, once our little sister has mastered it, it’ll be the end of these guys. " Bai Ximing said fiercely.

Bai Ximing had already tolerated it, but the people from the Lan Clan outside did not, and started shouting.

"You cowardly turtle, let’s see how long you can shrink to. Didn’t your Bai Family just firm up a Divine Soil Race? You have a large number of Myriad Tao Divine Soil, you should have some confidence.

"That’s right, don’t tell me your Bai Clan doesn’t have spirit? Your Bai Clan is really going to decline just for a woman."

Bai Ximing was furious and wanted to retaliate, but that would only make him even angrier.

"I’ll go out and meet them." Chen Xiang suddenly said.

"This... Could it not be good? Their strength is not bad, but they have two World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s in the middle stages. " Bai Ximing knew that Chen Xiang had just stepped into the World Defying crazy realm.

"No problem." Chen Xiang smiled, then opened the door.

Chen Xiang used his own appearance right now, the people of Lan Clan did not know him.

"Oh? He finally dares to come out. But why is it a guy like that?" The man in the lead said with a smile, "Did you come out to beat us up?"

"That should be the case. You can tell at a glance that this fellow is very resistant to being beaten up."

"He really deserves a beating!"

Chen Xiang walked out of the Bai Clan’s barrier and smiled slightly: "All of you use swords, you look elegant and graceful, and I am a guest of the Bai Clan, also a person who uses swords. In order for the Bai Clan to give me an extra reward, I wish to display my strength."

"So, I will trouble everyone to compete with me. Let the Bai Clan see my strength. This way, I will have enough confidence to ask them for more benefits."

Seeing Chen Xiang acting the part, the people from Lan Clan all believed in Chen Xiang.

However, their hearts were filled with anger. This was because the person in front of them was actually treating them as an object to demonstrate their strength. Just thinking about it made them feel extremely infuriated.

"The Bai Clan is an idiot, and you are an idiot as well! At what time, you still came to the Bai Clan to be a guest official, and the Bai Clan actually accepted a fool like you. The blue clothed man looked at Chen Xiang and sneered, his sword had already left its sheath.

The blue clothed man’s sword was white, with a hint of gold. Chen Xiang saw the faint gold light that flashed past, and frowned, this sword had also been added into the Myriad Tao Divine Soil. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

When Bai Ximing saw it, he was initially worried. However, when he thought about how Chen Xiang had even made shovels with the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, he did not worry anymore. At the same time, he was also a little eager to know what kind of divine tool Chen Xiang used to refine it, so he guessed that it should be Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals.

"You see that, don’t you? Are you afraid? " When the blue clothed man saw Chen Xiang staring at his divine sword, he laughed complacently, "Among the younger generation in Lan Clan, only three people can receive this kind of divine sword prize, and I am one of them."

"You should be the weakest one, right?" Chen Xiang laughed: Actually, I am not afraid of you at all, because from your current attitude, you are extremely reliant on this sword, and the reason why you are proud of yourself obtaining the sword is not because of your sword technique and strength, but because if you did not have the sword, how inferior would you feel?

Chen Xiang’s words seemed to have stabbed the blue clothed man, causing him to frown, and then floated up, the white longsword flashed, drawing a faint golden arc in the air, followed by a burst of berserk sword qi.

Clank!! With a clap of thunder, blue lightning shot out from the sword blade with a ’shua’ sound. Dozens of lightning bolts turned into ten blue light swords, whizzing towards Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang frowned as he watched the other party’s movements. It was undeniable that this man, Lan Clan, was rather strong, to the point that he had already transformed into a bolt of lightning, making it difficult to catch his true form.

"I saw it!" Chen Xiang smiled slightly, a divine sword with a cold glint appeared in his hand. He waved it lightly, hitting the tip of the blue clothed man’s sword, dispersing the strong sword force that was condensed there.

The lightning bolt that had seemed so frightening had also disappeared, and the blue-robed man’s figure had also appeared. His face was filled with surprise; he hadn’t thought that his opponent would be able to see through his sword technique so easily.