Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Although the sword Chen Xiang used looked good, it was still way too inferior compared to the one the blue clothed man used his Myriad Tao Divine Soil to refine. As long as the divine sword was added to the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, it could become even more sturdy and sharp. The vertex says, "The vertex says," The vertex says, "The vertex says," the vertex says, "the vertex says," the vertex says, "the vertex says," the vertex says, "the vertex says," the vertex says, "the vertex says," the vertex says, "

And the reason why Chen Xiang did not use his Heavenly magic sword, was to see how powerful he would be if he were to secretly use the Frenzy sword wind. The opponent used a good divine sword, which was also in the middle stage of the World Defying crazy realm.

Even though the blue-clothed man was very rampant, he could tell that Chen Xiang’s strength wasn’t simple. When the two divine swords clashed just now, Chen Xiang’s sword should have been damaged, but it wasn’t. One had to know that just now, he had felt a very powerful force coming from Chen Xiang’s divine sword, causing his entire divine sword to tremble.

"What sword technique is this?" The blue clothed man was extremely shocked. When Chen Xiang had brandished his sword just now, although it was a very ordinary swing, it revealed a faint aura. This kind of proud and aloof aura was precisely a kind of sword force.

"Aren’t you very powerful? You can’t actually tell? " Chen Xiang smiled slightly. His figure flashed and floated behind the blue clothed man, slashing his sword towards the blue clothed man’s wrist, wanting to disarm his opponent’s sword.

When Chen Xiang brandished his sword and chopped towards him, he managed to evade in an ingenious manner. At this moment, he was far away from Chen Xiang, and used his sword to slash at Chen Xiang ruthlessly, releasing a few rays of sword qi that were like lightning. Carrying a thunderous aura, he rushed towards Chen Xiang’s chest.

Chen Xiang released the Frenzy sword wind that lingered around the Immortal Sword’s body. Seeing the opponent’s lightning sword Qi, he was very confident in himself and directly slashed apart.

The Frenzy sword wind was tyrannical indeed. When the opponent’s lightning bolt, which was condensed with dense sword Qi, was hit by Chen Xiang, it exploded on the spot. The blue clothed man was shocked.

Chen Xiang’s cultivation was not high. According to the blue-clothed man’s experience, only by dodging would Chen Xiang be able to avoid the lightnings’ sword auras. Even the Super Yang Divine Race’s people of the same level as him did not dare to take them.

But Chen Xiang managed to receive it, and it was a very relaxed strike!

"Lan Lei’s lightning sword qi has been restrained, it’s a very rare occurrence, the clan elders have passed, even the later stage World Defying crazy realm s would find it difficult to face the lightning sword qi, but the other party seems to be at the early stage of the World Defying crazy realm."

"Where did this guy come from, to actually grasp such a powerful sword art."

"Don’t worry, Lan Lei is an outstanding young disciple of our Lan Clan after all. Although the opposing sword techniques restrain him, he is not so easy to deal with.

Bai Ximing, who was standing at the entrance of the Bai Mansion, also did not expect the power Chen Xiang was using to be so strange, and so easily restrained Lan Lei’s sword qi.

Bai Ximing was clear of Lan Lei’s strength, that lightning sword qi was truly terrifying, if it was anyone else, they would have already been struck by the lightning sword qi.

Lan Lei frowned, and thought: "His Sword Qi can directly break through my Sword Qi, which is not good for me, right now we are comparing swords, as long as we destroy the opponent’s sword, I can win, I should be able to fight in close combat with him, if it is a long distance battle, the Sword Qi I release, will not be able to break through his defense."

Lan Lei knew that his greatest advantage was the divine sword that was refined using quite a few Myriad Tao Divine Soil s. If he were to use an even stronger power to clash with Chen Xiang, he was confident that he would be able to destroy Chen Xiang’s divine sword.

After a brief moment of consideration, Lan Lei’s body turned into a flash of light. With a twist of his body, he rushed in front of Chen Xiang, grasped the sword hilt with both of his hands, and fiercely hacked at Chen Xiang in a crazed and quick manner.

Lan Lei’s sword movements was extremely fast, like a bolt of lightning, using his eyes, it was impossible for him to catch the trajectory of the sword, Chen Xiang could only judge by the Qi, and anxiously counterattack.

Dang, dang, dang!

Lan Lei slashed madly, one strike after another. His speed was extremely fast and his entire person looked like a bolt of lightning. He flew back and forth in all directions towards Chen Xiang before quickly slashing.

Chen Xiang’s speed was not slow either. Although the opponent’s attack was extremely violent and overbearing, he was still able to block very steadily. He only used an ordinary divine sword, but was able to block hundreds of heavy slashes like Lan Lei did. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"Humph!" Using his full strength, Lan Lei struck out with his strongest attack right at Chen Xiang’s head.

Chen Xiang blocked horizontally, and Lan Lei’s white colored long sword hacked down onto the middle of his sword, the two sword Qis clashing extremely fiercely, directly scattering the clear sounds that just appeared.

Whoosh!

The two sword Qis exploded in all directions, forming two howling gales. A large part of the ground also collapsed.

Ding!

Chen Xiang’s sword suddenly released a weak cracking sound, causing him to anxiously retreat a few steps, he only saw that his sword actually broke from the middle, but it was within his expectations, the two of them had used a very strong force to fight.

"Hmph. An ordinary sword, after all." Although Lan Lei was sneering with disdain, he knew clearly in his heart that he had spent a lot of effort to reach this step.

"Bai Ximing, your Bai Family’s guest official is only so, he lost." Lan Lei laughed, his laughter was filled with ridicule and satisfaction.

They were worried that Lan Lei would lose, as Chen Xiang was extremely strong after all. Although they were sneering at the fact that Chen Xiang lost, they were very clear in their hearts that Chen Xiang was not weaker than them.

Chen Xiang swept his gaze across the excited Lan Clan people, and frowned: Who’s the one that I lost? I can still keep competing. "

After the battle just now, Chen Xiang was already very familiar with using Sword Qi, and it was fortunate that he met a person like Lan Lei who knew how to use the Lightning Sword Qi, otherwise he would not have allowed him to practice so easily.

"Your sword is broken and you have already lost. Could it be that you plan to change for another sword?" Lan Lei laughed coldly: "Breaking swords means defeat!"

Chen Xiang looked at the broken sword in his hand, and said: "Alright, I will use this broken sword to fight you, right?"

"Haha ..." Lan Lei laughed out loud, and the disciples of the other Lan Clan s laughed out wildly as well.

"You want to use the broken sword to fight brother Lan Lei? Don’t joke around, even you can’t defeat him with your complete sword, let alone a broken sword. "

"Yeah, let’s see how you were defeated."

"Lan Lei, since he wants to die, you can kill him.

Chen Xiang felt that defeating Lan Lei with the broken sword should not be a problem. He could now familiarize himself with using Frenzy sword wind during battle.

Seeing Chen Xiang’s calm expression, Lan Lei secretly cursed in his heart. Deep down, he did not want to fight with Chen Xiang, because Chen Xiang’s sword qi was not easy to deal with.