Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Lan Lei thought that if Chen Xiang had a Divine Sword that was refined using the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, defeating him wouldn’t be a problem at all.

"Alright, since you want to die, then don’t blame me for it." Lan Lei coldly snorted, and then tightly held onto his divine sword. He saw that Chen Xiang’s calm expression was filled with confidence, which made him very unhappy.

"I never wanted to die. I just wanted to win. It was always what you think." Chen Xiang sucked in a small breath of air, and then, he quietly urged the Frenzy sword wind to flow into his broken sword.

It could be seen from this that the Frenzy sword wind was able to use a certain degree of defensive power, even if the opponent’s divine sword was refined using the Myriad Tao Divine Soil s, it would still be unable to break the defense of the Frenzy sword wind.

Chen Xiang also discovered one, even if the Frenzy sword wind was insufficient to destroy the opponent’s divine sword, it would still be unable to break through the opponent’s defense.

In the sword competition, the most important thing was the Divine Sword, once the opponent’s Divine Sword was destroyed, they would have won. Therefore, when Chen Xiang’s Divine Sword was broken, the people of Lan Clan were extremely happy, because they believed that Chen Xiang had already lost.

Bai Ximing did not want Chen Xiang to continue the fight, but seeing how confident Chen Xiang was, he did not stop him.

"With a broken sword, I want to see how you will turn the tide." Lan Lei was extremely disdainful, using the kind of quick and fierce attack just now, he quickly flew from all directions and continuously hacked at Chen Xiang ferociously, like a violent bolt of lightning, it bombarded him and created streaks of lightning.

What was unbelievable was that Chen Xiang could only use the broken sword, and actually block Lan Lei’s crazy attack.

It was very obvious that Lan Lei’s current wild attacks were more violent than before, and for some reason, the current Lan Lei was even more desperate when he attacked. This made the surrounding disciples of the Lan Clan very suspicious.

"What’s going on with Lan Lei? Why isn’t he getting him down when he’s dealing with such a fellow?"

"That’s right, isn’t he the one who used the broken sword? He can actually still resist till now, just what kind of power did he use!? "

This was also something strange.

It had to be known that after the God Sword was damaged, the inside part of the sword had already been destroyed, and there were various aspects of it that had declined greatly. It was worse than before, when Chen Xiang used the God Sword this time, it should have been completely destroyed by Lan Lei, but it could still resist it right now.

Only Lan Lei knew, that the Sword Qi around Chen Xiang’s Immortal Sword was getting stronger and stronger, causing him to be unable to slash fully onto the blade of the broken sword.

The body of Chen Xiang’s broken sword was wrapped with a thin layer of Sword Qi, once Lan Lei’s divine sword came into contact with it, it would be repelled by the force, which was also why Lan Lei was attacking so fiercely.

Right now, Lan Lei had already realized that Chen Xiang was constantly improving. Just a moment ago, Chen Xiang’s control over that sword qi was still very unfamiliar, but now, he was gradually becoming more familiar with it.

"He’s actually using me to practice!" Lan Lei was not stupid, when he thought of this, he immediately got angry.

When Chen Xiang saw the furious Lan Lei, his face revealed a faint smile, to Lan Lei, this was a form of ridicule, and this made him even more furious, hence he shouted loudly.

"You trashy thing, die for me."

Both of Lan Lei’s eyes surged with electricity. As he roared, his entire body was covered in lightning, and both of his arms swelled up as a large amount of lightning energy surged out from his body and rushed towards the divine sword in his hands. The divine sword was wrapped up by a large amount of blue lightning and turned into a huge lightning sword that hacked madly at Chen Xiang.

"It’s about time to give it a try!" Seeing that the other party was going to be so desperate, Chen Xiang thought that he might not be able to hold on any longer.

The disciples of the Lan Clan were all dumbstruck, because this was the first time they saw Lan Lei working so hard, and had already used all his strength. Now they could already tell that Chen Xiang was not simple at all, to actually use that broken sword to fight against Lan Lei for such a long time, no wonder Lan Lei was furious.

"I should be able to control the Wild Fire Sword’s aura. Let’s give it a try!" Chen Xiang’s expression sank and he slightly frowned. The Frenzy sword wind crazily gathered together in his body, condensing into an even more powerful force, and then surged out of his body into the broken sword. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Not good, the Wild Fire Sword’s astral form is very strong, this sword cannot be maintained for too long!" After Chen Xiang released the Raging Flame Sword’s aura, he also felt extremely terrified. The Raging Flame Sword’s aura contained a terrifying amount of heat, it almost melted the sword in his hands.

Lan Lei’s sword already slashed over, but after Chen Xiang dodged a few times, he saw the opportunity and waved his broken sword to block Lan Lei’s lightning greatsword.

"Bam!"

Lan Lei’s sword struck onto the broken sword that Chen Xiang used to block his attack, unexpectedly causing a burst of extremely bright flames to erupt. The bright flames shot out in all directions, shocking everyone to the point that they were tongue-tied.

At that instant, Lan Lei also felt an extremely strong force, and one kind of force made his mind go blank, because he felt a hole being struck in his divine sword.

Sure enough, Lan Lei took a few steps back and stopped his berserk attack. His hands were trembling uncontrollably, and an extremely terrifying heat was being transmitted from his divine sword, which had already been burnt red.

The most shocking thing was that there was a hole on his divine sword that was left behind when he chopped at Chen Xiang’s broken sword.

"You ..." Lan Lei raised the divine sword in his hand and looked at it carefully, his hands were trembling even more, this was a divine sword that was refined using the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, and was actually damaged by the enemy’s sword qi.

Just as Lan Lei was panic-stricken, Chen Xiang had already arrived in front of him. The broken sword in his hand flickered with a golden light and slashed at Lan Lei, but when he slashed, he was slower, allowing Lan Lei to subconsciously raise the divine sword in his hand to block.

Clang!

’s broken sword had already cut apart Lan Lei’s divine sword, and even left a long wound on his chest, but it did not leave a mark, because the wound was still smoking, and had been burned and stitched up.

"You lost!" Chen Xiang chuckled, "Lan Clan’s young swordsman is only so-so!"

After Chen Xiang finished, he slowly walked toward the main entrance of the Bai Mansion, and didn’t even turn around to look at the people from the Lan Clan.

Bai Ximing only came back to his senses after seeing Chen Xiang walking over. It would have been fine if the sword Chen Xiang used was refined from a Myriad Tao Divine Soil, but it was not, because it could still cut off Lan Lei’s divine sword!

Although he had been using the divine sword for a period of time, that was only given to him by the Lan Clan for him to use temporarily. He would need to take it back in the future, but now that it had been destroyed, even if he were to take the broken sword back to the furnace to recreate it, he would suffer a great loss.