Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Lan Lei picked up the destroyed sword, and thought back to everything that happened during the battle. He felt that if he reported this matter to the sect, he would not be punished. [Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]

"Let’s go see the Elder." Lan Lei said: "I remember there are two elders nearby."

Although Lan Lei was not perturbed in his heart, he felt that he had discovered an important piece of information that might be helpful to the Lan Clan coming here.

Bai Family was an enemy of the Lan Clan, but now a powerful guest suddenly appeared in the Bai Family, which was not a good thing for them.

Lan Lei came to a cave. This was the reason why the Lan Clan was stationed here and was specifically responsible for investigating the information of the Bai Family.

"You ... You have entered and damaged the White Thunder Divine Sword! " The Lan Clan Elder saw the destroyed sword and was enraged. He slapped Lan Lei hard, causing Lan Lei to fly back to the stone wall.

Lan Lei crawled up. Being beaten up was something he expected, although he was extremely angry in his heart, he did not dare show any dissatisfaction on the surface.

"I have let down the Lan Clan, I never thought that the guest official invited by the Bai Family would be so powerful, he only used Sword Qi and defeated me, and even destroyed the White Thunder Divine Sword." Lan Lei kneeled on the ground, self-reproach written all over his face: "This is all my fault for being too arrogant, ignoring the other party’s powerful sword qi, if not I wouldn’t have allowed the White Thunder Divine Sword to destroy it."

The elders of the Lan Clan were also very curious about this matter. After carefully inspecting the White Thunder Divine Sword, they also discovered something strange. This was because the White Thunder Divine Sword was melted away by a high temperature, and a very high temperature at that.

"Could this sword qi be..." After thinking about it, the Lan Clan Elder’s face suddenly changed and he anxiously went to get another elder to come out. This elder looked short, thin and old, but he had a relatively large seniority and was more knowledgeable. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"Is it that kind of sword qi?" the young elder asked.

The short elder caught it and took a look. After he was sure, his entire body trembled and his hands that were holding onto the damaged White Thunder Divine Sword also started to tremble.

"Yes, it’s that kind of sword qi ..." No, it was not created by the sword qi, but by the astral sword. " The short elder said with a slightly trembling voice: "Wild Fire Sword Qi, this is something that only the people with Sword Blood can release, could it be ... ... Had Bai Xuelan made it through? A while ago, they went to the Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa just to treat Bai Xuelan’s body. But it should not be that fast! "

"Let him be!" The young clan elder pointed at Lan Lei.

Lan Lei told him the whole story of his fight with Chen Xiang.

"It’s actually not Bai Xuelan. How can a person who possesses a Sword Blood be anyone else?" The old man was very suspicious, "Let’s go, we need to quickly meet the Lan Clan, this is very important!"

... ....

Bai Ximing and Chen Xiang walked along the road in the courtyard of the Bai Mansion. He was filled with suspicions, because after he thought about it carefully, the sword technique Chen Xiang had just used looked extremely similar to the Frenzy sword method. However, he didn’t feel that Chen Xiang had used the Frenzy sword method since Chen Xiang possessed a very strong flame attribute. If he used any other method to cultivate it, he would be able to instantly burst forth with a very high temperature.

"Chen Xiang, your strength has really broadened my horizons." Bai Ximing sighed: "If you had my cultivation, I’m afraid I wouldn’t be your match."

"Brother Bai, you’re being modest." Chen Xiang laughed.

Bai Ximing shook his head, he was not modest.

"Brother Bai, your Bai Family should still have Sword Blood people. Could it be that they don’t even exist? Given their abilities, they should still be alive. " Chen Xiang felt that it was strange, if the Sword Blood was here, the other clans would not dare to make a move against the Bai Family.

"They are still alive, but they have all gone to search for the Super Yang Old Ancestor. They firmly believe that the Super Yang Old Ancestor is still here, so as soon as a new Sword Blood appeared, they immediately left." Bai Ximing sighed: "It’s just that they didn’t expect the appearance of Sword Blood s on a woman to have such a huge disadvantage. At the beginning we weren’t sure either, we just thought that Xue Lan had grown up to be better."

This was a mistake on the part of the Sword Blood of the Bai Family, otherwise, he would definitely not have walked away so quickly.

"Chen Xiang, what business do you have with me?" Bai Ximing asked: "Our Bai Mansion is about to move in secret, we must hide it well until Xue Lan obtains control over the Sword Blood."

"I will help her recover quickly. I came to find you guys because I want to borrow the power of the Bai Family. " Chen Xiang sighed: "To be honest, I have some connections with the Divine Soil Race, you should know a little about the current situation of the Divine Soil Race."

Bai Ximing nodded his head. The only reason Chen Xiang could take out so many Myriad Tao Divine Soil s and Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals was because he had a very close relationship with the Divine Soil Race. Previously, Chen Xiang had also told Bai Ximing that he had a friend from the Divine Soil Race.

"I know a bit about the situation in the Divine Soil Race. Now, everyone is guessing, the strongest Ancient Super Yang Divine Alter inside has already recovered. This is also the reason why no one is able to go in now." Bai Ximing said.

"The ancient Super Yang Divine Alter has completely recovered, and at the same time, a portion of the divine natives have also recovered, but their power is still very thin. I don’t know how long the Super Yang Divine Alter can hold on, if the other Super Yang Divine Race join forces to attack the Divine Soil Restricted Area, I don’t know if they can withstand it."

Chen Xiang’s face was filled with worry as he said, "I met with the people from the Heaven Old Divine Race who came back earlier. They should be very strong, so if they found out about the situation here, they might just come back to settle it."

The reason why they set the Divine Soil Restricted Area aside before was because they felt that the Divine Soil Restricted Area was not a threat. They would go inside to plunder the Myriad Tao Divine Soil when the great formation energy protecting the Sun God Forest dissipated.

But now that the Ancient Super Yang Divine Alter had been restored, the enchantment that he had released completely covered the entire Divine Soil Restricted Area. If they did not work together, when the Divine Land developed, all of them would be exterminated.

"Alright, once Xue Lan’s power stabilizes, our Bai Family will definitely help. At that time, we will suppress the Sword Clan first. Bai Ximing agreed very quickly, because if not for Chen Xiang, his Bai Family would have been finished.

"Alright, let’s go take a look at Xue Lan!" Chen Xiang said: "I have the Time Formation, I don’t know if it can speed her up!"

Chen Xiang and Bai Ximing arrived at the quiet bamboo forest where Bai Xuelan was. Right now, she was eating a specially made Strong strength Dan s refined by Chen Xiang, so her physique had gradually changed.

When Chen Xiang arrived, she was practicing her sword arts. Chen Xiang was enchanted by the sword, and it was not because of Bai Xuelan’s beautiful figure, but because of her sword techniques.

Bai Xuelan was currently practicing the Frenzy sword method.