Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The reason why Chen Xiang was so engrossed with the pill was mainly because he did not have the ability to refine it into a fourth stage, he suddenly felt that he did not have as much talent as Bai Xuelan, for Bai Xuelan to have made such a huge progress in such a short period of time. [Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]

In terms of Frenzy sword method, Bai Xuelan was ahead of Chen Xiang, and currently, he was only able to control the Frenzy sword wind, so he released the Berserker Flame Sword Force.

Bai Xuelan was extremely engrossed in his sword practice, completely unaware that Chen Xiang and her brother had arrived, and was completely immersed in the profoundness of this technique, while Chen Xiang was also engrossed in it, he wanted to grab the opportunity, to see if he could comprehend anything from Bai Xuelan’s sword practice.

"Xue Lan has recovered so quickly." Chen Xiang said in a low voice.

"Yes, right now she is already able to grasp the most basic of that sword technique." Bai Ximing nodded his head in relief: "Her body is currently recovering very well. If it was before, she would always be lying on the bed or sitting on a chair to bask in the sun. Now that she has recovered, she will have sufficient energy and become very lively."

"Of course. After all, she has been extremely weak for many years and could not be like a normal person. Now that she has this chance, naturally, she will enjoy it many times more and compensate for the happiness she lost before." Chen Xiang smiled and said, "Let’s not disturb her for now, she is currently in an extremely serious state, and might be trying to comprehend something."

Just like this, Chen Xiang and Bai Ximing watched Bai Xuelan practice from afar.

Only after a full six hours had passed did Bai Xuelan stop, although the sun had already begun to set, his face was still filled with contemplation.

At this time, she noticed Chen Xiang and Bai Ximing watching her from afar.

Seeing that Chen Xiang had come, Bai Xuelan was extremely happy. She was dressed in white, and with a light wave, she looked like a white spirit swallow descending to the ground. She was extremely beautiful.

"Master, brother!" Bai Xuelan respected Chen Xiang a lot, so he called him master.

"No need to call me that. Just call me Chen Xiang." Chen Xiang laughed: "You have improved quite well, are you able to control Sword Blood now?"

Bai Xuelan chuckled: "I have already mastered the basics. Right now, I can already use the Sword Blood’s power to release the Sun madness fire’s power to change its physique. Before long, I won’t have to eat any more Strong strength Dan."

"That’s good!" Chen Xiang was surprised. He had not gone there for long, to be able to release the Sun madness fire so quickly. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"Xue Lan, Chen Xiang wants to use a Time Formation on you. That way, you can quickly master the Sword Blood." Bai Ximing said.

"Alright, I still think that there isn’t enough time. I don’t know when those fellows will make their move against our Bai Family." Bai Xuelan knew from the start that she was the hope for Bai Family to rise to power. Now that she had gotten rid of her previous predicament, she really wanted to improve herself so that Bai Family could quickly recover to her former position.

Chen Xiang had a premonition that not long in the future, Bai Xuelan would definitely be a powerful individual within the Heaven Old Super Realm and its ranks.

"After I use the power of time on you, the day outside will be seventy-five years inside." Chen Xiang said: "I think that should be enough for you to grow up."

"Enough is enough." Bai Xuelan was very surprised and quickly nodded his head.

"These are the Huakuan Dan. You might need them when you’re condensing the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul." Chen Xiang gave Bai Xuelan a box.

Inside You Yao Mountain Villa, Jiang Sihua could condense a few pills every day. With the accumulation of these pills, he already had a lot.

"Alright, then can we start now?" Bai Xuelan was already impatient.

Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors s. With the help of the Six Realms mirrors s, he could relax a lot.

After the Six Realms mirrors grew larger on the ground, it had a courtyard as big as a courtyard, which was enough for Bai Xuelan to move about in.

After Bai Xuelan entered, he immediately activated Time Domain to cover the entire Six Realms mirrors. The Six Realms mirrors was also currently enveloped by a barrier that was as calm as water.

Chen Xiang could not see what was happening inside clearly, he sat on the ground with his eyes closed, he knew, that in a day, Bai Xuelan would make great progress.

"Bai Xuelan was born with the Sword Blood, and she had never cultivated before, so once she was able to cultivate, she would immediately learn the Frenzy sword method. It’s precisely because she had never cultivated before, that is why she grasped the Frenzy sword method so quickly when she was focusing on cultivating the Frenzy sword method." Feng Ke’er said.

Chen Xiang also thought that Bai Xuelan’s improvement was very fast.

After a day, Chen Xiang removed the Time Domain, but’s entire temperament had changed greatly. Initially, she looked elegant and indifferent, gentle and sweet, but now she had an additional imposing manner, which made her look like an untouchable beauty in the world. Her cold and aloof demeanor was like an ice sword that had been unsheathed, giving people a strong feeling that she was a thousand miles away.

When Chen Xiang saw Bai Xuelan, he thought he was mistaken. Luckily, when Bai Xuelan saw him, she smiled at him, her smile still as gentle and sweet.

"It’s as if he’s a completely different person. I almost couldn’t recognize him!" Chen Xiang laughed.

"So this is what it feels like to master great power." Chen Xiang only saw a white silhouette flash over, and in front of a gust of cool, fragrant wind, Bai Xuelan had already arrived by his side.

"That’s right!" Chen Xiang turned his head and looked at her beautiful oval face, and laughed: "You are already an expert, and have a very strong aura. Someone like me, who often steals chickens and dogs, can’t cultivate to have this kind of aura."

"Chen Xiang, don’t be modest, I feel that you are still very strong. And there’s a special kind of intimacy, too. I don’t want to say it, I just feel. I just don’t feel lonely when I’m with you. " Bai Xuelan found it hard to describe that feeling.

Chen Xiang actually knew the reason, because there was also a Sword Blood in his body. He had obtained it from Bai Xuelan, and after she had cultivated the Frenzy sword method, her grasp of the Sword Blood became more thorough, so she could sense an aura that was very close to Chen Xiang’s body.

"That’s because you ate my pill." Chen Xiang laughed and said: "You will naturally have this kind of feeling after eating my pill. This way, you won’t bully me in the future."

"I won’t bully you." Bai Xuelan laughed, at this time, someone came over, and Bai Xuelan’s smile immediately disappeared.

This expression changed so quickly that Chen Xiang found it hard to adapt. In just an instant, Bai Xuelan became a proud and cold female Ranker.

"Brother!" Seeing that it was Bai Ximing, Bai Xuelan’s face eased up, but it was not like when he was together with Chen Xiang.

Bai Ximing could feel the change in Bai Xuelan very clearly, but he was not dissatisfied.

"This is exactly how the Sword Blood of our Bai Family looks like. This kind of aura, this kind of familiar feeling, reappears, makes me feel a lot more at ease." When Bai Ximing looked at Bai Xuelan now, there was actually a trace of fear in his eyes.

Chen Xiang immediately understood that the people from the Bai Family who had Sword Blood before were also like the present Bai Xuelan.