Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was puzzled, he did not know if he would become like this in the future. He thought about it, and felt that it would not change, because he had previously cultivated a lot of techniques, and he mainly focused on pill refining, not wholeheartedly cultivating the Frenzy sword method. [Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents] -

To him, the Frenzy sword method could only help him unleash the Sun madness fire, a method to use them in battle. He did not need to focus all his attention on it.

And Bai Xuelan, along with the other’s Sword Blood s that had always cultivated the way of the sword with one heart and one soul, had grasped the ’essence’ of the Frenzy sword method.

"Xue Lan, go and talk to the elders. Familiarize yourself with the operations of the Bai Family." Bai Ximing said: "I have something important to discuss with Chen Xiang. I’ll tell you about it later."

Bai Xuelan nodded, and then left.

"Brother Bai, what’s the matter?" Chen Xiang saw that Bai Ximing was extremely anxious.

"Chen Xiang, I remember you saying that you have a better understanding of poisons." Bai Ximing asked, then turned and walked quickly.

"Yes!" Chen Xiang nodded and followed behind him. "One of you are poisoned?"

"I got hit by a very strange poison, sigh ... You’ll know when you see it. " Bai Ximing’s face was full of worry: "The ones poisoned are the three Alchemist s that we have but few."

"Is there any danger to your life?" Chen Xiang asked: "How were they poisoned?"

Bai Ximing came to the outside of a house, and when he opened the ’door’ and entered, Chen Xiang saw three people dressed in robes, with hoods covering their heads and their bodies. They were wrapped tightly with their fingers and it was impossible to see even a little of their skin.

"How are they?" Chen Xiang sensed the other party’s aura and frowned: "Their life force is extremely tenacious, it doesn’t look like they were poisoned. Can you say that they don’t have any signs of being poisoned?"

Bai Ximing sighed: "This is the only place to blame. Although they were poisoned, and are not in any life-threatening danger for the time being, and did not even cause them any discomfort, it’s just that... It was just that his body had undergone a great change. Read the latest chapter in this book. "800book)"

Bai Ximing looked at a Alchemist wearing a white robe and said: "Let him see!"

The three Alchemist s all shook their heads. It seemed like they were extremely unwilling.

"Do you want to be like this all your life? Master Shen is really capable, he was the one who allowed Xue Lan to recover. You should know of Xue Lan’s situation ... Right now, Xue Lan is a true Sword Blood. I just saw her, and that aura was extremely familiar to him. Our Bai Family won’t be as aggrieved as before. "

When Bai Ximing said this, he was extremely excited.

"Therefore, now that the good days are coming for our Bai Family and yet you guys are suffering from it, this is too unfair to you guys." Bai Ximing’s face was filled with sorrow, and said: "Let Master Shen see, otherwise, if this goes on, your days will not be good!"

Chen Xiang was confused when he heard it. From the looks of it, Bai Ximing and the three Alchemist s who were wrapped like dumplings must have had some sort of experience. This made him very curious, and he really wanted to strip off the robes of the three Alchemist s himself.

When one of the Alchemist took off the gloves in his hand, Chen Xiang was startled.

"This is ..." Chen Xiang took a deep breath: "Where’s your blood and flesh?"

After taking off the Alchemist Gloves, there were only bones left, but... However, the bones did not scatter. The strangest thing was that Chen Xiang could sense that there was an aura of flesh and blood on his hand.

"The blood and flesh is still in my hands, but it has turned transparent and invisible ... We’ve been poisoned with a strange poison, all over the body. " The Alchemist said with a wry smile: "If we take off all our clothes, we would be nothing but bones of the dead."

Bai Ximing said as his brows knitted together, "They have blood and flesh all over their bodies, and even their internal organs are present as well. However, they have become transparent, only their bones are not transparent, and they are not poisoned so how to recover."

"How did you get poisoned?" Chen Xiang walked over, grabbed the Alchemist’s hand, and buckled his wrist. He could indeed feel his pulse, and he also felt that the hand he was grabbing onto was skinny, it was the old man’s skin.

Chen Xiang now understood that the blood and flesh of the three Alchemist s were all present.

This kind of poison wasn’t fatal, but it could make one fall into an extremely bad state. Chen Xiang could feel the anxious feelings of the three Alchemist s, imagine, his blood and flesh had already turned transparent, and if he could see his own bones, and look at a skeleton in the mirror, this kind of feeling would definitely be extremely uncomfortable.

"Yes ..." It was Lan Clan who poisoned us, so when we were gathering medicinal pellets in the outside world, we were extremely unlucky. We also met with this fellow who harvested the medicinal pellets, and his cultivation was originally higher than ours, but we were chased all the way down, and in the end got poisoned by him for no rhyme or reason. " A Alchemist angrily recalled this matter.

"Chen Xiang, is there a way?" Bai Ximing asked.

Chen Xiang carefully checked on the condition of a Alchemist, and he even carefully leaked a bit of the Alchemist’s blood, but he did not know what happened to the other Alchemist. However, the blood was also transparent. His jade bowl was filled to the brim with blood, yet he could not see it.

Chen Xiang summoned a Mouse Man and let the Mouse Man drink the blood.

Mouse Man was wearing a set of black tight clothes, revealing his hands, head and neck, the blood and flesh all quickly turned transparent, only his bones could be seen.

"There’s poison in the blood." Chen Xiang took a deep breath, and then, he tried several methods he commonly used to detoxify the poison, but none of them worked.

"Blue Sky Poison King is indeed powerful, as expected of one of the strongest warriors in the Lan Clan." The Alchemist sighed, "We might end our lives like this. This feeling is truly worse than death."

Bai Ximing also sighed, "If it really doesn’t work, you can only transfer your souls. This won’t work!"

"There’s another way, which is to go to Blue Sky Poison King and ask for the antidote." Chen Xiang said: "I am also very interested in this poison. I might come into conflict with the Lan Clan in the future, so I also want to use the antidote to protect myself."

Chen Xiang imagined that if he were to be poisoned by this poison, he would probably have to use the Counter Power to make himself invisible.

"Blue Sky Poison King won’t give it to you." That Alchemist shook his head: "Lan Clan and our Bai Family have an extremely bad relationship to begin with, otherwise they would not have used this poison on us." ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Using this poison was indeed very vicious. It was practically destroying another person’s soul.

"Don’t despair, I’ll definitely help you get the antidote." Chen Xiang comforted them. After all, they were all Alchemist and Chen Xiang sympathized with them a lot. [Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]

78 "Fiction" or "Fiction 78" can also be searched directly in Baidu. wWw.78xs.com ", 78

http:www.78xs.com