Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The Alchemist put on his gloves and said, "Un, if that’s not possible, we can just re-cultivate our ’flesh’. Although it will take us a lot of time, it’s better than dying. Multiple chapter access: "

Bai Ximing and Chen Xiang walked out of the house, Bai Ximing looked at Chen Xiang and asked: "Are you going to look for Blue Sky Poison King now?"

Chen Xiang nodded his head, "Mn, I am also very interested in this kind of poison, I will definitely find him for the antidote."

He had already ’obtained’ a sample of this poison, which was the blood. If he were to use the derivation method to refine it, he would have the limit.

Regarding poison, Chen Xiang was not really an expert, he was just interested in it. Especially that poison he just met, it made him very interested in it, so he wanted to store it and let Du Xiaoling, Bai Ziqian and Lv Qinlian study it in the future.

"Are you confident that you can get him to give you the antidote?" Bai Ximing said: "Blue Sky Poison King is at the late stage of the World Defying crazy realm, although he is not at his peak, but he is an expert at using poison, and has mastered many different kinds of strange poisons."

"I’m confident." Chen Xiang only had a rough plan.

"Let’s not talk about this anymore!" Oh right, I gave you two pieces of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals before, how do you plan on using them? " Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course it’s to refine a sword for Xue Lan ... But it’s not easy to smelt these Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals. " Thinking about this, Bai Ximing couldn’t help but have a headache.

"I heard that the people from your sword clan can condense their own swords." Chen Xiang asked curiously: "I heard that the swords you guys cultivated with your own bodies are even stronger than the ones you refine in Myriad Tao Divine Soil."

"That’s right..." This is a sword clan sword of life, usually only the Peak of World Defying crazy realm s have that kind of power, but it still requires a large amount of materials. Bai Ximing said.

"Xue Lan can now control the Sword Blood. If she can release the Sun madness fire, let her use those Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals to refine a bunch of sword of life." Chen Xiang said: "If that’s the case, then it can also save me a lot of things."

"En!" Bai Ximing nodded: "When are you leaving?"

"Leave now. Xue Lan’s condition has already stabilized. Your Bai Family should be able to return to the peak." Chen Xiang wanted to find the Blue Sky Poison King.

"Alright, I’ll tell Lan Clan how to go." Bai Ximing escorted Chen Xiang out and told him some things about Lan Clan.

After Chen Xiang left the Bai Mansion, he used the Counter Power to conceal himself, it was to prevent the people hiding in his surroundings from following him.

After using the Counter Power, he immediately teleported in the direction of the Lan Clan.

Bai Ximing told him that the Lan Clan was in charge of a very vast area. There were a few hundred huge cities inside, and there were many powerful people.

Because his strength was weaker than before, Bai Family could only swallow his anger.

... ....

Half a day later, Chen Xiang arrived at the area of the Lan Clan. On the walls and doors, there was a large flag with the word "Blue" written on it, proving that this was the city the Lan Clan was in charge of.

Just as Chen Xiang arrived at the entrance of the city gate, he saw a familiar figure, it was Lan Lei!

Lan Lei and the other disciples of Lan Clan entered Yang Dong City.

"There is still an old man behind him, could it be the Blue Sky Poison King?" Chen Xiang didn’t dare be sure either. There were definitely a lot of elders in Lan Clan, and Blue Sky Poison King was just an old man.

Bai Ximing had only told him that the Blue Sky Poison King was called Azure Sky, and was an old man. Bai Ximing had never seen the Blue Sky Poison King with his own eyes, and although the three Alchemist s that were poisoned, although they were being chased by the Blue Sky Poison King, they did not see the true face of the Blue Sky Poison King.

At this time, Chen Xiang was still using the Counter Power Invisibility, he anxiously followed behind.

There were a lot of people in the city, so Chen Xiang was not afraid of being discovered.

"Elder Qing Yun, I didn’t expect to meet you here ... Are you going to deal with Bai Family? " Although Lan Lei was walking on the main street, he was not afraid of others finding out that the Blue Sky Poison King was here, and did not try to cover up his words.

"No, I’m here to pick the herbs, but I met a few Bai Family s. Even though they were here, if I were to meet them, I would definitely not let them off." Blue Sky Poison King’s expression and tone were cold.

Chen Xiang could now confirm that this old man was Blue Sky Poison King, who was harvesting medicine in Bai Family’s territory. To think that he would still be so ruthless to Bai Family, it was only because Bai Family was weak right now.

"Sigh... Even the Alchemist that destroyed them was useless. Their Bai Family had a very powerful guest elder who was able to use the Frenzy sword method, so the godly sword that my clan gave me for temporary use was broken by that guy? " Lan Lei was furious.

"What’s going on? How do guests know about Frenzy sword method? Isn’t the Frenzy sword method only used by Sword Blood s? " Blue Sky Poison King was very shocked: "How come I didn’t know about this?"

"You are already gathering medicinal herbs outside. If you return to the Blue Palace, you will definitely know in detail. In short, the Bai Family now is not so easy to bully." Lan Lei was extremely vexed. Although the Lan Clan did not blame him much because his divine sword had been destroyed, the young disciples of the Lan Clan had used this matter to ridicule him. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

The Blue Sky Poison King did not speak as they arrived at a very luxurious hotel.

Lan Lei chose a private room and welcomed the Blue Sky Poison King with a welcoming party. He began to eat and drink to his heart’s content, and he was even floating beside the private room as he eavesdropped on their conversation.

The room was on the tenth floor and it was open for business. There was no soundproof array formation, so Chen Xiang could easily hear the conversation going on inside.

"Patriarch Blue Sky, what do you think of this matter? Could it be that the Bai Family was hiding some power, and suddenly revealed a guest with a Sword Blood? " Lan Lei asked. He was curious about this matter, but the clan elders did not say anything to him.

"I only want the Sword Blood." The Blue Sky Poison King said: "It’s very obvious, those Sword Blood contain a huge secret. If I were to obtain them, I can also become the person of the Sword Blood, and then, awaken the Frenzy sword method, I will be able to control the Sun madness fire. If I were to use the Sun madness fire to refine poisons, my poison will be very strong."

Chen Xiang’s heart trembled, the Blue Sky Poison King was so passionate about the Sun madness fire, he was worried about Bai Xuelan, if he knew that Bai Xuelan had recovered, if he were to meet Bai Xuelan, he would definitely ignore everything.

"Next time I see Xue Lan, I have to teach her how to defend against poison." Chen Xiang thought.

Blue Sky Poison King drank a cup of wine, then said with a sneer: "I have already made my move on the three Alchemist s, and the people of Bai Family have always been loyal and loyal, they will definitely think of a way to cure the three Alchemist s of the poison, but no matter what, they will never be able to do so, because only I can cure the poison. At that time, they will only have two ways to go, one is to ’hand over’ the detoxification pellets with the Sword Blood, and the second is to get them to give up their ’flesh’ body."

Chen Xiang couldn’t help but admire the ability of this Blue Sky Poison King. He didn’t kill the three Alchemist s, but instead let them be infected by a strange poison, so that they could obtain some benefits from the Bai Family.