Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Ximing did not expect Chen Xiang to bring the antidote pill back right after he left, this made him admire her a lot.

Four antidote pills, three of them were used to detoxify the three Alchemist s, he kept one for derivation. He stayed in the Bai Mansion for a day and used the Time Domain to obtain more than a hundred antidote pills within a month’s time.

The resulting detoxification pill had been verified by Chen Xiang using the Mouse Man, and the detoxification effect was the same as before. Now that he had so many detoxification pills, he was no longer afraid of being poisoned by the white bones anymore.

"I want to go back to Divine Soil Restricted Area to take a look." When Chen Xiang came out and saw Bai Ximing, he asked.

"Ah, if you’re free, then come here. Now our Bai Family is about to rise from the ashes. We’ve already invited the two proud Fierce Fighting God s out." Bai Ximing said.

"What’s that, Fierce Fighting God?" Chen Xiang had never heard of it before, but he felt that it must be a very powerful existence.

The reason they are able to become a proud Fierce Fighting God is mainly because when they were looking for the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, they went out of their way to look for that kind of World Defying Stage Fierce Fighting Soul. Every realm has to fuse with this kind of World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, and in the end, they can become a powerful proud Fierce Fighting God. Bai Ximing said.

"So that’s the case. That must be very powerful, right?" This was the first time he had heard of World Defying Stage Fierce Fighting Soul.

"Of course they’re powerful. They are very powerful existences in a single power. They will only be dispatched when there are special circumstances. Of course, other clans have them as well." Bai Ximing said.

"Then they must be very old. Every single time, they have to search for the World Defying Stage Fierce Fighting Soul s from the World Defying Stage Soul River s. This requires a lot of time." Chen Xiang himself had searched for the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul before, so he thought so.

"Some are old, some are young ... It’s actually not as difficult as you think, because it’s their first time merging with the World Defying Stage Fierce Fighting Soul, so it will be easier for them to find the World Defying Stage Fierce Fighting Soul. " Bai Ximing said.

"If there’s a chance, I must take a look. I’ll be leaving first."

Chen Xiang left the Bai Mansion and returned to the Divine Soil Restricted Area. At this time, Chen Cai was still refining his cauldrons with the Spirit of Divine Alter, so in order to make them faster, Chen Xiang had released the Time Domain to envelop them.

Half a month had passed before Chen Xiang’s Tianchuang furnace was completely transformed!

"The danger in Bai Family has passed, they are now our allies. If the Sword Clan makes any move, the Bai Family will help us stop them." Chen Xiang said to the Spirit of Divine Alter.

"That’s good. Next, I will use the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals with Chen Cai to refine some weapons for the Divine Soil Race people." Spirit of Divine Alter said, "I want to turn them into the powerful Sun War God, hehe!"

"How strong is it? How are you going to make it? " Chen Xiang was very curious, the Spirit of Divine Alter seemed to have a very good way to help the Divine Soil Race become stronger.

"I will melt the Myriad Tao Divine Soil and place them in a pool to let the Divine Earth people jump in and let them temper themselves in the pool." Spirit of Divine Alter said: "Even though the process won’t be very pleasant, it’s a method to make them strong."

Chen Xiang took a deep breath, how was this not feeling good, it was simply killing him!

"It’s scary just thinking about it." Chen Xiang shook his head.

"Spirit of Divine Alter, have you heard of the arrogant Fierce Fighting God?" Chen Xiang asked: "Bai Family has two of these guys, they are very strong existences."

"Of course I know this guy. They are indeed very strong!" Chen Xiang, you are currently only at the early stage of the World Defying crazy realm, but if ordinary mid stage World Defying crazy realm meets you, it may not even be your match. " Spirit of Divine Alter said.

"Yes!" Chen Xiang was extremely sure of his own strength.

"However, if you meet a Fierce Fighting God at the early stage of the World Defying crazy realm, you will definitely lose." Spirit of Divine Alter said: "Of course, if you use that divine sword and Six Realms mirrors, you can still win."

"Since that’s the case, why can’t I compete with them in terms of strength?" Chen Xiang frowned, these proud Fierce Fighting God seemed to be more powerful than he had imagined.

"If it’s a Fierce Fighting God of the middle stage of the World Defying crazy realm, I feel that even if you use your Six Realms mirrors and divine sword, it would still be difficult to take them down." Spirit of Divine Alter said: "This guy has a very high status, and it’s also not easy to become a Fierce Fighting God ... If you want to have that kind of power, then you can only do it with Sword Blood s. " ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"My Heavenly magic sword and Six Realms mirrors are very strong." Chen Xiang was a little unwilling, he felt that there were two things, even if they were to encounter late stage World Defying crazy realm, he would still dare to go against them.

"However, the arrogance of the Fierce Fighting God s themselves are extremely terrifying, moreover, they have a very high status, their own weapons are definitely not weak." Spirit of Divine Alter said: "If you don’t believe me, you’ll know if you meet a Fierce Fighting God."

"Alright, I’ll go and have a look now." Chen Xiang was extremely interested in the Fierce Fighting God. He wanted to see if they were really as powerful as he was now.

Chen Xiang left the Divine Soil Restricted Area, and returned to the Bai Family.

"Chen Xiang, it’s great that you’re here!" Seeing that Chen Xiang had arrived, Bai Ximing was very anxious.

"What’s wrong?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Something big has happened to Super Yang Realm ..." Bai Ximing looked up into the sky, pointed at a sun, and said: "Suddenly, a ball of red something shot out from a sun, and then descended into the Super Yang Realm.

"What could have fallen?" Chen Xiang asked curiously.

"I don’t know. That’s why Xue Lan went to take a look." Bai Ximing sighed: "I was a bit worried about her, so I had an arrogant Fierce Fighting God accompany her."

"They are all very strong, you don’t have to worry." Chen Xiang patted Bai Ximing’s shoulder, and laughed: "Brother Bai, what do you think the things that fall from the sun are usually?"

"Disaster!" Bai Ximing sighed: "Anyway, it can’t be anything good, but Xue Lan feels that it is extremely necessary to go and see, and I can’t stop her ... You should know that after she became a true Sword Blood, her personality changed greatly. "

Chen Xiang nodded: "I understand, I will go look for her now."

"If you go, I’ll be a lot more at ease." Bai Ximing pointed in a direction: "It’s over there, I think many people have seen it, the other powerful families in Super Yang Divine Race will definitely go as well."

Chen Xiang looked in that direction and anxiously walked out of Bai Mansion, quickly teleporting over.

Chen Xiang’s teleportation was extremely fast, and it didn’t take him long before he saw the object that fell from the sun. It was actually a huge mountain that was thirty thousand meters tall.

This huge mountain was entirely black, with extremely violent flames burning outside. When Chen Xiang saw this mountain, he felt that it was extremely hot, if not for him being able to control the Sun madness fire, it would not be so comfortable.