Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang looked at the people at the back, many of them did not dare to approach, because it was very hot here. However, there were still a few people who entered, and all of them were strong warriors.

Chen Xiang had used the Counter Power, so no one could see him.

"Just what is on this mountain?" Chen Xiang looked at him from afar and took out the Six Realms mirrors to check on Bai Xuelan. When he saw Bai Xuelan, he immediately asked through sound transmission: "Xue Lan, where are you? Brother Bai is worried about you, so he told me to come here to find you. "

Bai Xuelan’s face was originally ice-cold, but when she heard Chen Xiang’s voice in her head, her expression softened and she quickly replied, "Chen Xiang, please do not come here. This place is extremely dangerous, and the other families have sent an arrogant Fierce Fighting God."

Chen Xiang had already passed by. After locating Bai Xuelan, he could go there with just a teleportation.

Bai Xuelan was located very close to the blazing mountain, the environment here was very bad, it was extremely hot, if one did not have sufficient strength, they would probably turn to dust.

Chen Xiang saw many people, among them were people wearing blue clothes, all of them belonged to the Lan Clan. They were currently surrounding Bai Xuelan, but Bai Xuelan was not afraid of them.

Bai Xuelan swept his cold eyes over the members and said coldly: "I, Bai Xuelan, am well aware of what your Lan Clan has done to our Bai Family in the past few years. It’s time for your Lan Clan to return the favor."

The other Super Yang Divine Race s only watched from afar. Even though they were trying to expel the Bai Family, they weren’t as ruthless towards the Bai Family as the other surnamed races. It was clear that Bai Xuelan had already obtained control of the Sword blood and become a Sword blood.

"Bai Xuelan, get that fellow from the Bai Clan who poisoned me to the ground." The Blue Sky Poison King roared, he was still brooding over this matter.

"Hmph. An old dog like you is not even worthy to see him." As Bai Xuelan spoke, he slashed his sword across the air. When the exploding Frenzy sword wind flew out, it turned into a large streak of light. What was terrifying was that it was still crazily devouring the terrifying heat from its surroundings.

In the past, he had already transformed into a three hundred meter tall gigantic fire beast after obtaining the Sword Qi, swallowing all of Lan Clan’s people.

All the great clans were gathered here. They originally came here to investigate this mountain, but now they encountered such a good show. They were all watching with great interest from afar.

"I finally saw the Frenzy sword wind again, who would have thought ... I really did not expect that after so many years, the Frenzy sword wind would actually be released by a little girl. An old man sighed.

"I remember the last time she went to Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa, she was still sickly. Not long ago, she was actually as terrifying as a proud world’s Fierce Fighting God."

"The Bai Clan has met a noble ... I heard that there is another guest in the Bai Family who is also from a Sword blood, but it is not as terrifying as Bai Xuelan’s. Furthermore, the sword that Bai Xuelan is using, seems to have been refined using a Myriad Tao Divine Soil crystal. "

"It must have been provided by the guy who took out a large number of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s at the auction last time."

"Fortunately, our conflict with the Bai Clan is not that great. It should be able to be resolved."

"Hehe, the surnamed races of the sword clan are the fiercest against the Bai clan. Those of us from the other clans actually don’t have the chance to do anything to them."

The Blue Sky Poison King was not the type to fight. He only hid far away and watched the battle between their two proud Fierce Fighting God s and Bai Xuelan’s already Bai Family Fierce Fighting God.

Chen Xiang had been here for a long time, and had concealed it extremely well. Because of the gigantic Flame Mountain, the environment here was extremely bad, and now that Bai Xuelan was here, the atmosphere was extremely chaotic.

"We must capture this slut alive. I must make all the servants of the Lan Clan ruthlessly fall for her!" Blue Sky Poison King’s angry roars travelled all the way to Bai Xuelan’s ears, making him even more furious, wanting to immediately go over and kill Blue Sky Poison King.

It was just that, she was still fighting with Lan Clan, she knew that Fierce Fighting God was very strong, and had to deal with him carefully, so she could not be distracted, so she suppressed her anger and focused on the battle!

Chen Xiang had also seen the power of the Fierce Fighting God, and it was indeed terrifying. He was not sure exactly how strong it was, he needed to fight a round to know.

Blue Sky Poison King continuously provoked Bai Xuelan with his words. He seemed to understand the personality of the Sword blood s very well.

Just as he was cursing nonstop, Chen Xiang had already arrived beside him. He took out the Heavenly magic sword and used the fastest speed possible to cut off Blue Sky Poison King’s head without saying a word.

The Blue Sky Poison King was previously cursing loudly in mid air, but when everyone heard him, they suddenly stopped. The people who were watching the battle all looked in the direction of Blue Sky Poison King, only to see that the Blue Sky Poison King’s body was falling down and his head was missing!

"Elder Blue Sky!" An old man shouted in shock, he anxiously rushed forward to catch Blue Sky Poison King’s body, only to see that Blue Sky Poison King’s head had already disappeared, and the blood that came out of his neck had been evaporated by the heat.

When Bai Xuelan heard about the situation, she was extremely shocked, and then she suddenly thought of Chen Xiang.

She felt more and more that it was Chen Xiang who did it, and she was secretly happy in her heart, because Chen Xiang had helped her get rid of this annoying fellow who was constantly insulting her. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Everyone was alarmed and suspicious, because someone had plotted against the Blue Sky Poison King. Furthermore, his methods were very clever, to the point where even the Blue Sky Poison King did not notice. What was even more terrifying was that there were a few experts from the Lan Clan beside the Blue Sky Poison King.

After Chen Xiang killed Blue Sky Poison King, he had been watching the fight on the side. The people of Lan Clan had scolded the Bai Family for being shameless and so on.

Suddenly, the huge mountain of flames trembled.

Chen Xiang sensed that something was amiss, and immediately rushed over, releasing the Six Realms mirrors, he activated the array inside the Six Realms mirrors, and enveloped Bai Xuelan and the Bai Family’s Fierce Fighting God!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The gigantic mountain suddenly exploded, releasing a burst of violent air waves and sun-like explosion of light. Chen Xiang and the rest felt extremely bumpy inside the Six Realms mirrors, and they could even feel the heat from the fire seeping into their bodies. They were all extremely strong, but the heat made their bodies feel a burning pain.

Chen Xiang and the rest were blown far away by the shock. After the surroundings calmed down, Chen Xiang looked forward and saw charred corpses all over the ground. Many people had died!

"The mountain is gone, but there are no broken rocks." Bai Xuelan did not dare imagine that if Chen Xiang had not suddenly appeared and protected them, their situation would have been extremely serious.

At this moment, the bodies of the people floating in the air were incomplete. They were all missing arms and legs. These people were also the strongest group. The weakest among them had turned into charred pieces that fell to the ground!

Everyone looked at the location where the giant mountain was just at. They were all frightened out of their wits!