Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang simply did not know what had happened just now. He only knew that many people had died in the explosion just now and that a majority of them were severely injured.

Bai Xuelan looked at Fierce Fighting God. Although this Fierce Fighting God looked to be in a sorry state, he was not severely injured. In other words ...

"Something’s wrong. Let’s go!" Chen Xiang looked in the direction of the gigantic mountain and frowned, controlling the Six Realms mirrors to teleport away.

After leaving that place behind just now, Chen Xiang was much more at ease because if he continued to stay there, he didn’t know what dangerous things would happen. In short, he consciously told him that that place was extremely dangerous.

"What happened just now? What is inside the huge mountain? "After the explosion, there was not a single fragment left. Nothing was exploded out, but a huge crater was formed on the ground." He knew just how powerful Chen Xiang was, to actually be able to save them in such a short period of time.

Bai Xuelan shook her head, she looked at the sun in the sky and said: "My brother has already, once this happens, it will mostly be a disaster. Just a moment ago, we were just lucky, but unfortunately, we didn’t manage to kill the Lan Clan. Chen Xiang, you are running way too fast. "

If Chen Xiang had not left just now, he would definitely have attacked the Fierce Fighting God.

"Because I’m afraid. "I can feel that after that huge mountain exploded, it was extremely dangerous. It seems that there’s something very scary there." Chen Xiang was still in shock: "Do you know why after the explosion, that enormous mountain didn’t leave anything behind?"

Bai Xuelan shook his head.

"Because the materials of that enormous mountain can burn and explode." Chen Xiang said: "Otherwise, it would be impossible to produce such a great power, many of the stronger people in the various families would be blown into ashes, even the Fierce Fighting God s cannot handle it."

That Fierce Fighting God nodded: "If we didn’t have protection, I’m afraid we would already be injured."

After saying that, Bai Xuelan and the Fierce Fighting God both looked at Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors. They were standing on top of it, and it was this thing that blocked the powerful energy wave just now.

Now, Chen Xiang was finally able to verify the defensive power of this Six Realms mirrors. It was refined using multiple pieces of Crystal emperor, and the defensive power was extremely satisfactory to Chen Xiang.

"Something is coming!" Chen Xiang suddenly shouted, that feeling came out of nowhere, he immediately controlled the Six Realms mirrors to teleport.

Just as the Six Realms mirrors had teleported away, a few streaks of fire shot out. These things were extremely aggressive, but they missed.

Chen Xiang and the Fierce Fighting God didn’t know what was going on with him, and they also didn’t sense anything just now.

"Chen Xiang, what happened just now? What are you afraid of?" Bai Xuelan asked: "Did you see something, is it really that scary?"

Chen Xiang nodded, "I think ... The person who did not run away just now should be pretty much dead by now. "

Chen Xiang controlled the Six Realms mirrors to release an even stronger defensive barrier, and at the same time, he controlled it to quickly teleport towards the Bai Mansion.

"We need to return to Bai Mansion quickly, and definitely do not linger around outside." Chen Xiang said: "With the protection of the Bai Mansion’s formation, it should be safer."

The Fierce Fighting God was puzzled and asked, "Just what is it?"

Chen Xiang shook his head: "I don’t know either, but I can feel that those things are very strong. They should have appeared after that huge mountain exploded."

Bai Xuelan frowned, he was thinking about something.

"Xue Lan, what do you think it is?" Chen Xiang asked: "You are all from the Super Yang Divine Race, you must know more than me."

"The possibility of a sun evil spirit is higher." Bai Xuelan looked at the sun in the sky: "But that’s impossible ... The Sun Evil Spirit has already been wiped clean by the Super Yang Old Ancestor, it’s impossible for it to appear again. "

Fierce Fighting God took a deep breath: "If it’s really this kind of thing, then it’s really troublesome. Rumours say that these types of Sun Evil Spirits love destruction very much."

They had already returned to the Bai Mansion and Chen Xiang had told Bai Ximing about this matter. Right now, no one could be sure whether or not the Sun Evil Spirit had appeared because they did not see it with their own eyes.

Chen Xiang left the Bai Mansion to look for him.

The Spirit of Divine Alter must be very clear about this kind of thing.

Just as Chen Xiang arrived at the side of Super Yang Divine Alter, the Spirit of Divine Alter anxiously said: "Chen Xiang, don’t run around too much during this period of time, it might not be peaceful outside."

"Yes." Chen Xiang sighed, and was told everything that happened to him, the Spirit of Divine Alter.

After the Spirit of Divine Alter heard this, he fell silent for a moment, then said: "If it wasn’t for the Sun Evil Spirit, the Sun Evil Spirit would have been completely destroyed by the Super Yang Old Ancestor, and would not have been reborn. Even if he was reborn, he wouldn’t be that powerful."

"Then what is it?" Chen Xiang asked.

"If I’m not wrong, it should be some guys sealed in the sun." The Spirit of Divine Alter said: "These guys were all enemies of the Super Yang Old Ancestor at that time, sealed in these suns by the Super Yang Old Ancestor. I don’t know how they came down today, but these guys are very scary."

"How many secrets are there in the sun?" Chen Xiang looked at the sun in the sky, feeling very suspicious. These suns seemed to be very mysterious but they were also a little weak, because after a race of people was destroyed, the sun would also fall.

If all the remaining Super Yang Divine Race were to perish, these suns would no longer exist.

"There are many secrets that I am not clear of either! If it’s really those guys sealed in the sun, then you have to be careful, it’s very difficult to kill those guys. " The Spirit of Divine Alter said: "Even if you use the Heavenly magic sword, it will still be difficult to kill them."

"Can’t kill him?" Chen Xiang did not believe it. He had met many people who claimed that they could not kill him before, but in the end, they were all killed by him.

"Don’t not believe my words. If they could have been killed, they wouldn’t have been sealed in the sun." Spirit of Divine Alter said. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"I want to go back to that place and investigate." Chen Xiang said: "We might be able to find something there!"

"Then you must be careful." The Spirit of Divine Alter warned: "If they are to attack you, you better not fight them and just leave. With your strength, you should be able to leave safely."

Previously, Chen Xiang had brought Bai Xuelan and a Fierce Fighting God with him, so it was not convenient for him to act.

Riding on a Six Realms mirrors, Chen Xiang quickly left the Divine Soil Restricted Area, once again heading towards the place where the gigantic blazing mountain appeared.

Upon closer inspection, he noticed that there were many people gathered there. Upon closer inspection, he realized that they were the men who had been sent by a big family to scout the blazing mountain. They were sitting in a circle on the ground, staring at a huge bonfire.