Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

Chen Xiang watched from afar and didn’t dare to approach, afraid that he would be discovered.

"What’s wrong with these guys?" Chen Xiang watched from afar and could not hear their conversation. Previously, he thought that all of them were dead, but now, he was sitting there roasting a fire.

Feng Ke’er said: "Maybe they have already been controlled!"

Chen Xiang also felt that it was possible and continued to try to get closer. He quickly discovered that there was a fire trap hanging on the necks of those people.

At this moment, he became even more careful, worried that he would be discovered if he wasn’t careful. One must know that the powerful auras in this place made him unable to breathe.

"These guys should have surpassed the World Defying crazy realm!" Chen Xiang was extremely terrified. In the eyes of this group of people, he was probably just a small shrimp.

"After all, he’s an enemy of the Super Yang Old Ancestor, he would definitely not be too weak." Feng Ke’er said: "Super Yang Old Ancestor is also very mysterious and powerful."

"Yes, but now it seems that his descendants will be annihilated by these fellows." Chen Xiang was currently searching for those strong fellows, but he couldn’t see anything.

Suddenly, a voice came out from the bonfire, startling Chen Xiang.

Those people are in the fire!

Only now did Chen Xiang realize that the fire was not an ordinary fire. That kind of fire looked like an ordinary flame, but upon closer inspection, one could see that the inside of this fire had a little bit of golden light.

"This is ..." The Sun madness fire! " Chen Xiang shouted in his heart.

Although they were Sun madness fire s, they were not that strong, only extremely weak.

"All of you, quickly absorb all of these Sun madness fire. I want you to become my fire slaves." From the sound of it, it was probably the voice of an old man.

It turned out that the people from the various big families were surrounding the fire to absorb the Sun madness fire! ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"Fire slave? It seems like there’s only one guy! " Chen Xiang thought: "But why were there so many fellows chasing after me before? At that time, I felt at least three of them running over here."

Just as Chen Xiang was pondering about this, three balls of fire suddenly flew towards him.

"Super Yang Divine Lord, we have investigated thoroughly, the Bai Xuelan in the Bai Family does control the Sword blood." After the fireball exploded, a young man appeared and respectfully said.

"I don’t really care about the Sword blood, I can easily deal with a little girl. What I care about is that guy with the powerful divine artifact, he actually dodged my attack." Super Yang Divine Lord said coldly: "This guy is very capable, his divine tool is not simple, I have to get it."

Chen Xiang couldn’t see the Super Yang Divine Lord, but he was sure that this guy was very strong, if not he would not have enslaved so many strong beings. Chen Xiang had also just seen it, when the three figures in the flames appeared, they had fire collars around their necks.

"God Master, what about the Purple Yang Excalibur? Have you pulled it out yet? " the young man asked again.

I can’t pull it out, "he murmured." There’s a deep connection between it and the land. That bastard Old Sun, he’s the one who did all the good things. The Super Yang Divine Lord snorted angrily.

In the distance, Chen Xiang suddenly saw a black shadow rush out from the huge fire, following that, an old man with black flames all over his body appeared, the black flames around his body was like a black robe surrounding him, he looked extremely majestic and domineering.

At this time, Chen Xiang had already seen Super Yang Divine Lord’s appearance. A pair of eyes were pitch-black in color, with two points of black flame coming out of them. It was extremely weird, and his eyebrows also seemed to be jumping like black flames.

"God Master, what are we going to do next? From the memories of these fellows, we can know that the Divine Soil Restricted Area has a large number of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s as well as an ancient Super Yang Divine Alter. " A young man said.

This Super Yang Divine Lord had three flame slaves that he had brought from above the sun, they were completely loyal to him, and were extremely powerful. They were the ones that had been chasing and attacking Chen Xiang previously.

"The Ancient Super Yang Divine Alter was refined using a Myriad Tao Divine Soil crystal and there are nine Crystal emperor on it. The energy comes from the sun and it’s extremely powerful. Before I recover my strength, I don’t want to mess with the Ancient Super Yang Divine Alter." The Super Yang Divine Lord said, "What we need to do now is to control more than one Super Yang Divine Alter. We need to control at least five of them so that I can recover my strength faster."

"God Lord, those Super Yang Divine Race are not very strong, I can take them down now." A young fire slave said.

"Don’t be arrogant, these Super Yang Divine Race s are all very strong, especially their Super Yang Divine Alter s. Even though they are newly refined, their might cannot be underestimated. You all saw it too, those who ran away were all Fierce Fighting God. " Super Yang Divine Lord said: "I have been sealed for many years, and have been burned by the sun for so long, my injuries are extremely serious, and I cannot recover in such a short period of time. My strength is also only at Peak of World Defying crazy realm."

"If I want to take down those Super Yang Divine Race, I need even more powerful fire slaves." Super Yang Divine Lord said: "Especially someone who has a Sword blood. With a Fire Slave like this and my help, she will become stronger quickly!"

"Let’s go find a way to take down the girl from the Bai Clan."

The three fire slaves immediately left.

Chen Xiang also carefully left this place, and teleported to the Bai Family and entered Bai Mansion.

They still did not know about the situation here. When Chen Xiang suddenly arrived, Bai Ximing was still welcoming him with a smile.

However, when he saw Chen Xiang’s serious expression, he could not laugh anymore.

"Chen Xiang, what’s going on?" Bai Ximing asked.

"Bad news." Chen Xiang immediately told Bai Ximing what he knew, and halfway through his story, Bai Xuelan also came over.

"Super Yang Divine Lord!" Bai Xuelan frowned, "This is a disciple of the Super Yang Divine Lord from back then." After Bai Xuelan finished listening, he exclaimed in shock, "Why did this guy come down here?"

Chen Xiang shook his head: "I don’t know either! Xue Lan, how did you know this fellow? "

Bai Ximing had never heard of any Super Yang Divine Lord, but Bai Xuelan knew that she was extremely curious and looked at her.

"My Sword blood’s inherited memories are here." Bai Xuelan said.

Chen Xiang also owned a Sword blood, but his Sword blood was not pure, he only had Frenzy sword method.

"Then do you know about Purple Yang Excalibur?" Chen Xiang asked again, "That huge flaming mountain, should be related to the Purple Yang Excalibur."

After hearing about the Purple Yang Excalibur, Bai Xuelan was even more surprised. She frowned and said: "No wonder, so it was the Purple Yang Excalibur that had descended!"