Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

The Six Realms mirrors was merely a pretense for Chen Xiang to lure the Super Yang Divine Lord away. Previously, the Super Yang Divine Lord wanted to obtain the Six Realms mirrors very much, so Chen Xiang felt that this plan would definitely succeed.

The reason why Super Yang Divine Lord wanted to obtain the Six Realms mirrors was mainly because he could sense the Crystal emperor’s aura. Although he was not very sure, this familiar aura made him wonder if it was true.

Now that the Six Realms mirrors had appeared again, and its aura was even clearer, the Super Yang Divine Lord was even more certain that it was the aura released by the Crystal emperor, so he did not think too much and directly flew out, chasing after the Six Realms mirrors.

The last time Chen Xiang used the Six Realms mirrors, it had already attracted the attention of the Super Yang Divine Lord. At that time, the Super Yang Divine Lord was already very curious about the person holding the Six Realms mirrors, so he would not let go of this opportunity.

Chen Xiang was obviously not afraid that the Six Realms mirrors would be snatched away by the Super Yang Divine Lord. The Six Realms mirrors had followed him for many years and already had a very close relationship with him.

When Chen Xiang saw that the Super Yang Divine Lord was walking far away, he was overjoyed. He immediately flew out and entered the bonfire.

That pile of Sun madness fire were extremely scorching hot, and after Chen Xiang entered, he felt an unending burning pain on his skin. However, this also proved that the Purple Yang Excalibur inside were not so simple.

Before, Spirit of Divine Alter had said that the Purple Yang Excalibur was not very powerful and was only a key. But now that Chen Xiang had come here, he felt that what he said was wrong.

Chen Xiang had now entered the inner part of the bonfire, and the Sun madness fire here were also the most ferocious. He had already seen the sword hilt of the Purple Yang Excalibur.

"This is the Purple Yang Excalibur, why can’t the Super Yang Divine Lord take it away?" Earlier, Chen Xiang had overheard it, that the Super Yang Divine Lord was unable to pull the Purple Yang Excalibur out, and he said that the Purple Yang Excalibur was extremely closely connected to the ground.

After Chen Xiang walked over, he grabbed onto the sword hilt with both hands and used a lot of strength to pull it, but he could not move the Purple Yang Excalibur an inch!

"What the hell is going on!" Chen Xiang was startled. Right now, it was a very good opportunity to obtain the Purple Yang Excalibur, so he couldn’t miss it. However, he couldn’t take it out now.

The problem he encountered was the same as the Super Yang Divine Lord!

"No, there’s not much time left. I have to think of a way to get the Purple Yang Excalibur out!" The Six Realms mirrors that Chen Xiang released could not fly too far, it was currently bringing the Super Yang Divine Lord around in circles.

"Xiao Ke’er, what do you think we should do?" Chen Xiang used a lot of strength, but he still couldn’t pull out the Purple Yang Excalibur. At this time, he had no other choice but to ask Feng Ke’er. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"I... I don’t know. " Feng Ke’er had no choice, because she did not understand these things at all.

"Seems like I can only ask Spirit of Divine Alter!" Chen Xiang closed his eyes and directly opened a very small spatial passageway, allowing his own consciousness to enter the spatial passageway. After that, he would contact the Spirit of Divine Alter.

This consumed a lot of spiritual and spatial energy, and he was forced to use it.

"Spirit of Divine Alter, I have encountered some trouble, I am unable to pull out the Purple Yang Excalibur now, and the Purple Yang Excalibur seems to be connected to the earth. No matter how much power I use, I am unable to pull it out." Chen Xiang passed on a message to the Spirit of Divine Alter: "This is also true for the previous Super Yang Divine Lord, he also cannot pull out the Purple Yang Excalibur. What exactly is the reason behind this!"

After Chen Xiang asked, Spirit of Divine Alter did not answer immediately!

"There’s not much time left, that guy will be back soon." Chen Xiang was very anxious at the moment. If he did not make it fast, he would have to waste this opportunity.

"Don’t worry, to take this Purple Yang Excalibur out, you need to be able to enter this Purple Yang Excalibur’s interior. There’s something inside the Purple Yang Excalibur, as long as this Purple Yang Excalibur approves, then you will be able to succeed." Spirit of Divine Alter said: "If you don’t have time, then we’ll wait for the next time."

How could Chen Xiang possibly wait for the next time? He gritted his teeth and forced himself to calm down, not to be so nervous.

Soon, his spiritual sense arrived at a very dark place where he could not see anything.

"Is anyone there?" Chen Xiang controlled his own consciousness and uttered a sound.

Right after he shouted for a few times, the originally pitch-black space suddenly turned purple, and there were nine purple suns shining down from the sky, giving Chen Xiang a very stifling feeling.

Chen Xiang frowned as he looked at the nine suns in the sky, waiting for the next step to change!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The nine suns suddenly exploded, shining with nine balls of intense purple light. These light rays pricked Chen Xiang’s entire body, causing him to feel as though his body was being pierced by burning red nails, especially his head, it felt such an intense pain.

After feeling the pain, Chen Xiang could not help but shout out loud. The nine balls of light that were still flickering also gradually dimmed down, turning into nine purple swords that swirled in the air.

"Are these all Purple Yang Excalibur?" The pain on Chen Xiang’s body lessened by a lot. He looked at the nine purple longswords, and focused on sensing them, allowing the nine purple longswords to fly to his side.

Sou sou sou!

However, the nine purple swords actually flew over, this was something Chen Xiang did not expect, he had just started not long ago, and had already succeeded.

However, just as he was secretly delighted in his heart, he discovered that these nine purple swords were releasing a very strong killing intent, flying towards him.

"If I want to obtain the Purple Yang Excalibur, I need to get the Purple Yang Excalibur’s approval. Could this be the test?" Chen Xiang thought in his heart, then clenched his teeth and sent the nine purple swords towards him.

"Whiz!"

A purple longsword pierced through his body, the strong impact causing him to kneel down in pain. Following that, a second purple longsword also flew over, causing him endless pain.

At this time, he already had the strong thought of giving up. Once he gave up, his mind would immediately leave the inside of the Purple Yang Excalibur, and this also meant that he would fail.

He could not afford to fail, and he had already suffered the pain of two sword strikes. If he gave up just like that, then he would have suffered for nothing!

Although it was only a sliver of his soul that suffered, both his body and soul could deeply feel it.

Shoo! Shoo! Shoo!

The following battle was even more intense. The purple longswords flew over almost non-stop, not even stopping at all. This caused him to suffer greatly.

After the nine swords pierced through his consciousness, he suddenly woke up. He discovered that his consciousness had already left the inner part of the Purple Yang Excalibur.