Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Looking at the Purple Yang Excalibur in his hand, Chen Xiang was ecstatic. He had finally succeeded, the huge pile of Sun madness fire that was originally burning in flames had also disappeared. [Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]

"Oh no, Super Yang Divine Lord is back!" Chen Xiang felt an extremely dense killing intent approaching him. With a thought, he teleported the Six Realms mirrors back before teleporting out of this place to Divine Soil Restricted Area.

Just as he entered the Divine Soil Restricted Area, he heard a series of violent tremors from above.

Hearing the sound, Chen Xiang immediately knew that the Super Yang Divine Lord must have caught up to him. Realizing that he had entered the Divine Soil Restricted Area, he frantically attacked the enchantment, which resulted in a strong wave.

When Chen Xiang came to the side of Super Yang Divine Alter, Spirit of Divine Alter smiled and said, "I knew you would definitely succeed." 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"Of course. I really did not expect the Purple Yang Excalibur to be so hard to obtain, I almost gave up. " Chen Xiang recalled the pain he experienced before and he still felt fear in his heart. He felt that if he was going to sleep in the next few days, he would definitely have a nightmare.

RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU...!

The entire Divine Soil Restricted Area shook continuously from the sky, causing the entire place to shake. This sound also made people feel extremely disgusted and annoyed.

"Spirit of Divine Alter, this guy is really strong. Will he break through the barrier?" Chen Xiang was very worried at the moment. Super Yang Divine Lord was a very powerful existence, even though he was already injured, his strength was still very terrifying.

"Don’t worry." Spirit of Divine Alter was very confident: "Don’t underestimate me. "Too many]"

Chen Xiang naturally did not dare to underestimate Spirit of Divine Alter. After all, Spirit of Divine Alter required nine Crystal emperor s in order to recover.

"Spirit of Divine Alter, this guy knows about your situation as well ... Say, once he regains his previous strength, will there be any threat here? " Chen Xiang asked.

"I’m not sure about that. If no one can deal with him, then I’ll have to do it myself." Spirit of Divine Alter said: "If you have the time, help me prepare nine more Crystal emperor. I might have to use them to improve and improve my own usage of these Crystal emperor."

The Spirit of Divine Alter was actually trying to change him. He had Chen Xiang prepare the Crystal emperor, mostly to increase the number of Crystal emperor for the Super Yang Divine Alter. This could indeed make him stronger.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang nodded.

"Right, take out the Purple Yang Excalibur, let me see!" The Spirit of Divine Alter continued: "If you can enter the Purple Yang Divine Palace, maybe you won’t need to refine Crystal emperor anymore. There should be some in the Purple Yang Divine Palace!"

The Purple Yang Divine Palace was left behind by the Super Yang Old Ancestor. If there was a treasure inside, then the Crystal emperor must be inside.

Chen Xiang immediately took out the Purple Yang Excalibur, looked carefully, and asked: "Where is Purple Yang Divine Palace? Although I have already obtained the approval of this sword, I do not know the location of the Purple Yang Divine Palace, so getting it is useless! "

"This requires time, don’t rush!" Spirit of Divine Alter laughed: "You won’t be able to rush this kind of thing. You need to calm your heart to discover it."

Chen Xiang nodded, he had also previously calmed himself down and allowed himself to enter the inner part of the Purple Yang Excalibur in a quiet state.

At this time, he placed the Purple Yang Excalibur on his legs and sat on the ground with his legs crossed. He closed his eyes to sense the Purple Yang Excalibur.

Unknowingly, he felt like he had fallen into a deep sleep. He dreamt that the Purple Yang Excalibur was guiding him to the mysterious Purple Yang Divine Palace.

"The Purple Yang Divine Palace is actually not above the sun." When Chen Xiang woke up, he was extremely shocked. He had thought that the Purple Yang Divine Palace was inside the sun.

However, from the dream he had just had, he could tell that the Purple Yang Divine Palace was in this very land, and it was extremely secretive as well.

"Where is it?" Spirit of Divine Alter was also very curious, "My guess is that it is deep underground, maybe deep in the earth."

Chen Xiang shook his head, and said: "No, but that place is very special, and also deep underground!"

"Oh? It’s actually not in the earth’s core, what kind of special place is that? " Spirit of Divine Alter was very curious about the Super Yang Old Ancestor.

"There is a sun sealed there." After Chen Xiang said this, he also felt that it was strange. He smiled and said: "It’s not like the great sun in the sky, but a relatively small one."

"What’s going on?" Spirit of Divine Alter did not understand.

"I’m not too sure either. I only know that the Purple Yang Divine Palace is hidden in a small purple sun. And this small sun is hidden on the ground." Chen Xiang said: "It is most likely caused by the Super Yang Old Ancestor, he can even ’create’ nine great suns. Right now, ’making’ a small sun ’under the ground is nothing."

"Do you know how to get there?" The Spirit of Divine Alter thought about it and felt that Chen Xiang was right.

"Of course I know. That place is quite dangerous, and there is only one path that is easy to reach." Chen Xiang said: "It’s precisely the Black Volcano in the Super Yang Realm!"

The black volcano was a huge volcano that erupted almost every day, and to reach the Purple Yang Divine Palace, one had to enter through the mouth of the volcano, as well as dive into the black lava.

This was the illusion that the Purple Yang Excalibur gave him before, the path he saw in his dreams.

"Then you must be careful, there are many things inside that black volcano." Spirit of Divine Alter also understood this volcano. Obviously, this black volcano had been here for many years.

Chen Xiang nodded his head, and said: "I will be very careful!"

Super Yang Divine Lord who was still going crazy outside had already calmed down a lot, but he was still outside. It was very clear that he could track Chen Xiang’s position after his teleportation.

Therefore, Chen Xiang didn’t dare to leave in a hurry now.

"This can’t go on. I don’t dare to go out." Chen Xiang said.

"Don’t worry, I’ll help you delay him." Spirit of Divine Alter snickered: "Wait and see what you can do, I’ll inform you."

Chen Xiang didn’t know how Spirit of Divine Alter was going to help him, but just when he was confused, Spirit of Divine Alter suddenly shouted: "Super Yang Divine Lord, you bitch, you’re finally out, haha!" The Purple Yang Excalibur that you want is with me, come and get it! "

Chen Xiang did not expect Spirit of Divine Alter to scold him directly, and his scolding made Super Yang Divine Lord extremely angry.

After the Super Yang Divine Lord heard this, he roared and also began to curse, "What kind of rubbish did Old Sun refine, it’s also your turn to insult me. You trashy thing, as long as I go in, I’ll definitely tear you apart!"

"Come on, I’m scared to death!" As Spirit of Divine Alter said this, he suddenly trembled and released a colorful brilliance. A blazing bolt of lightning descended from the sun in the sky and struck towards Super Yang Divine Lord. [Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]