Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang saw the chance red, and immediately teleported away in a hurry. Extra many]. Multiple chapter access:.

Because just now, Spirit of Divine Alter had controlled the sun in the sky to release a very strong power, releasing all kinds of violent and chaotic auras, to the point of even being able to break space, thus, even if there was the aura of a spatial ripple a moment ago, Super Yang Divine Lord would not be able to discover it.

After Chen Xiang teleported to the Super Yang Realm, he immediately moved towards the legendary black volcano. When he arrived above the black volcano, he did not approach immediately because the volcano was spewing out streams of thick black smoke.

"This volcano is so active day and night. What is going on here?"

If it was the past, Chen Xiang would not have so many thoughts, but now, he knew that the Purple Yang Divine Palace was right below him, he could not help but think of it.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The black volcano suddenly shook. Violent black lava spewed out, like a huge black dragon shooting out from below. After circling in the air, it broke into pieces.

"How do we get down?" Chen Xiang thought for a while, took out the Six Realms mirrors, and then quickly flew over. At this point, the round of erupting had already ended, and he could now ride his Six Realms mirrors and rush into the gigantic volcano mouth.

When he was going down, he tried the power of space. He wanted to use the power of space to teleport down, but he couldn’t because there was a very, very strange power stopping him.

This caused him to be unable to use the power of space to teleport!

After Chen Xiang went down, he suddenly realized that the black volcano was shaking!

"Crap!" It’s going to be shot out! " Chen Xiang was shocked, he immediately released his strong World Defying Stage Fierce Power, allowing the Six Realms mirrors to produce a strong force, and rush down along the gush of water.

Fortunately, he was able to react in time and wasn’t hit by the jet stream. However, the speed at which he was going down was much slower than before.

Seven days and seven nights later, Chen Xiang finally struggled out of the pitch-black lava volcano. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

What he did not expect was that underneath the black volcano was a vast and empty space, and there was such a beautiful purple sun.

"This is not the earth’s core!" Chen Xiang looked around, he felt that he was still very close to the ground, and what was strange was that he did not feel any heat.

In other words, the purple sun had no heat!

"Let’s go in and take a look!" Feng Ke’er was also very curious about the Purple Yang Divine Palace inside the purple sun.

Chen Xiang anxiously rode his Six Realms mirrors and flew over, charging straight into the purple sun.

The purple sun was not big. Other than the rosy clouds that were as bright as the sun, it did not look like the sun. After all, there was no heat at all.

Chen Xiang originally thought that he could smoothly enter the purple sun, but when he came in contact with the purple light screen, he was pushed out by a very strong force.

"How terrifying!" Chen Xiang was sent flying very far away, and what made him even more terrifying was that the heat that instantly erupted from him when he was sent flying, if it wasn’t for the protection of the Six Realms mirrors s, he would have definitely been turned to dust.

Before, he thought that this purple sun didn’t have any heat, but now, he knew that the heat of the purple sun wouldn’t be released on its own. Instead, when it was touched, it would attack and send people flying.

Of course, if one was not strong enough, they wouldn’t have been sent flying. Instead, they would have been turned into ashes!

"Purple Yang Excalibur!" Chen Xiang thought of the Purple Yang Excalibur, and then took it out. After taking it out, he flew towards this purple sun again, but he was even more careful now.

When he got close, he used the Purple Yang Excalibur to pierce the purple light screen, but was not released. Only then did he feel at ease to control the Six Realms mirrors to fly in.

This time, the Six Realms mirrors very smoothly flew in, and was not obstructed by any of the powers.

After passing through the thick purple light curtain, Chen Xiang finally saw Purple Yang Divine Palace.

The Purple Yang Divine Palace was not grand, but it was very simple and unadorned. It gave off a solemn and solemn feeling, as if it had been through a long time, and was extremely old. The entire shrine was nine stories high, and the surface was covered with purple colored crystals that were cut into pieces.

Chen Xiang was still riding his Six Realms mirrors. He was worried that he would encounter danger here, so he didn’t dare to come down.

The big doors of the Purple Yang Divine Palace had many marks, all of them were sword marks, causing Chen Xiang to frown. He had obviously been attacked before, but it was not broken.

"This door seems to have been created using the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals." Feng Ke’er said in shock: "Even so, there are still people who left scars on it."

Chen Xiang looked around. Originally, there were some ’flower garden’ stone statues and pavilions outside Purple Yang Divine Palace, but they were all destroyed. "Someone attacked this place before." Chen Xiang was very sure: "I wonder who it is, to actually dare to come straight to Super Yang Old Ancestor’s territory to cause trouble!"

Chen Xiang was secretly surprised in his heart, and at the same time, increased his vigilance, because that person was very likely to be here.

When he first came in, he had already put away the Purple Yang Excalibur, and this was also something that he had thought about before. He was worried that after he came in, there might be something inside that would attack him if he saw the Purple Yang Excalibur.

"Brat, how did you get in?" Suddenly, a voice came out, scaring Chen Xiang to the point that his entire body trembled.

Chen Xiang did not answer him. Instead, he looked left and right, searching for this person.

"Who are you?" Chen Xiang was worried that someone would be hiding here. As expected, now whatever he was afraid of would come.

"Who I am has nothing to do with you. Hurry up and answer me, how did you get in?" That person’s tone was very bad, which made Chen Xiang extremely unhappy.

"How did I get in have anything to do with you?" Chen Xiang also replied. He felt that this person must have some inconvenience in moving, otherwise, he would have been caught, because from that person’s tone of voice, this person was definitely not a good person.

According to the rules of this kind of people, they would definitely come over at the first possible moment to capture him and then ’force’ him to come back and ask.

"Brat, you truly are bold." That person said angrily, "Just you wait! I’ll go out now and skin you alive!"

"Who do you think you are? Don’t think that just because I look young that I’m a brat, I might be able to become your grandfather! " Chen Xiang laughed coldly: "Of course, for someone like you who is worried about your grandson, I would definitely not take it."

Chen Xiang now determined that this fellow was definitely trapped here.

He guessed that the person who had just spoken was someone who had wrecked this place. He must have triggered some sort of trap, causing him to be trapped here for so many years that it would be impossible for him to escape.

"You ... "You are truly arrogant. Right now, I am only unable to act because of a few reasons. When I break through, it will be your day of death." The man was furious.

Chen Xiang was inwardly overjoyed, because this person was really unable to move, and had already been trapped! [Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]