Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

After Chen Xiang determined that the person could not move, he was no longer worried about the other party. The other party could not move, but the person was still very strong.

"Haha, why are you so unable to move?" Chen Xiang laughed and asked: "Where are you? I’ll go help you. You can come out. "

The latter half of the sentence was obviously Chen Xiang’s joke. The other side was so strong, and their words were extremely rude to him, so he would definitely not let them go. The reason why he said that was just to see what kind of person they were.

When the man heard Chen Xiang’s loud laughter, he was extremely furious. He could already tell that Chen Xiang knew of his situation.

"Hmph. I am in closed-door training right now. You cannot come to my place and will disturb me." In fact, he was very angry in his heart.

"Hehe, you must have been in closed-door training for a long time." Chen Xiang laughed: "I reckon that you will have to go into seclusion for a lifetime, to the point of death."

That person shouted angrily, "Brat, don’t be so arrogant. If I can get out, I will definitely wring your head off and kick it for fun."

"This daddy is being arrogant, what can you do to me? You’re going into seclusion for the rest of your life anyways, what do I have to be afraid of? " Chen Xiang laughed out loud: "It can’t be that you’re ugly, that’s why you don’t dare to come out and see me right?"

"Little bastard, you better not let me have a chance to catch you!" That person was so angry that he almost roared.

Chen Xiang whistled, no longer paying attention to the person, and walked toward the big door.

There was a hole at the entrance of the Purple Yang Divine Palace. It was obvious that the Purple Yang Excalibur had been inserted there.

After Chen Xiang took out the Purple Yang Excalibur, the cursing voice suddenly stopped, because he saw Chen Xiang’s Purple Yang Excalibur.

"It’s Purple Yang Excalibur, you son of a b * tch, where did you get it from?" The voice was surprised and hurried to ask. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Chen Xiang did not answer, because the other person’s voice was extremely rude. He had already aimed the Purple Yang Excalibur at the hole, and just as he was about to stab in, the voice shouted once again.

"Little... This young hero, wait. "

Chen Xiang was startled, the other party suddenly treated him with such respect, he did not expect it at all.

"Why?" Chen Xiang did not rush to stab the Purple Yang Excalibur in. This person clearly had something important to tell him.

"If you go in like this, it will be very dangerous. You probably don’t know what’s going on inside the Purple Yang Divine Palace, but I do know that it’s going to be very bad and different from what you imagined." the man shouted.

"Oh?" Chen Xiang was extremely suspicious of his words, "Why should I believe you?"

At this moment, that person was extremely regretful that he had cursed Chen Xiang just now. This Purple Yang Excalibur was clearly very important to him, and now he was courteous to Chen Xiang.

"Young hero, please forgive me for offending you just now. I am not a bad guy, but I am usually a bit reckless. I also have a bad temper, so please forgive me."

Chen Xiang suddenly felt that it was extremely interesting, this man had a request for him, if not his attitude would not have changed so much, just a moment ago he was cursing out loud, but now he had to kneel down and admit his mistake.

"Do you need something from me?" Chen Xiang laughed: If you have something to say, hurry up and say it.

"Yes, I request that you grasp the chance to save him. If you succeed, I will definitely not treat you unfairly." That person said, "Rest assured, I definitely won’t hurt you. I can swear that I can sign a blood contract with you."

"Oh? What can I do to save you! " Chen Xiang looked at the Purple Yang Excalibur in his hand. He felt that he had to rely on it. This was because the other party’s attitude had changed so much after seeing him take out the Purple Yang Excalibur.

"Just use your Purple Yang Excalibur. Do you see a stone statue of a tiger here?" The person said: "Come over here and use the Purple Yang Excalibur to destroy the stone statue of the tiger, then I will come out!"

Chen Xiang laughed: "Didn’t you just say that you were in closed door cultivation?"

That person was on the verge of tears, "I was in the wrong just now, I was in the wrong. Hurry up and save me, I’ve been trapped here for a long time, I don’t even remember how many years I’ve been trapped here."

He previously thought that Chen Xiang entered the room by chance, but now that he saw that Chen Xiang had Purple Yang Excalibur, he knew that Chen Xiang had entered through the Purple Yang Excalibur, and his destination was that Purple Yang Divine Palace.

"No!" Chen Xiang had already seen the tiger statue, he shouted.

"Please!" The man was crying, making people feel like he had no backbone.

Chen Xiang’s attitude was extremely resolute. He shook his head: "Who asked you to scold me earlier!"

"As long as I come out, I will scold you back ..." "No, I’ll beat you up. I can kowtow to you, I can call you grandpa." The man cried, "Old Ancestor, please let me go. To you, this is just a small matter, your Purple Yang Excalibur can easily get me out."

Chen Xiang looked at the Purple Yang Excalibur in his hands and chuckled. Earlier, this person cursed at people very f * cking fierce, but now, he was so useless, that Chen Xiang couldn’t help but laugh.

"Big brother, the situation in Purple Yang Divine Palace is not as simple as you think. If you go in like this, you will definitely be in danger. If I bring you in, it will become very safe." the man shouted.

"Tell me about it." Chen Xiang was also very curious, why would other people come in here. He thought that only by obtaining the Purple Yang Excalibur could they come in.

"I come from a race above the Myriad Tao. This clan is called the Thief Race, and they specialized in stealing things, and the things we steal are all very precious and hard to obtain. The place we go to is also the hardest." The man said.

"Well, what’s your name?" Chen Xiang asked.

"My name is Ma Jinhong."

"You look so useless." Chen Xiang laughed: "With your looks, you’re actually a great thief."

"Yes, I am a good-for-nothing. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have been trapped here." Ma Jinhong said in an extremely depressed tone: "Please save me, I don’t want to be trapped here anymore."

"There are many people from the Thief Race, they are not as easy to talk to as me, and their strengths are very strong, and they are trapped inside. If you go in now, they will see that you have the Purple Yang Excalibur, and they will definitely take your Purple Yang Excalibur, because you have gotten the Purple Yang Excalibur, then they can open the door to the treasury inside." Ma Jinhong said, "If I bring you in, I can help you get rid of them."

Chen Xiang was in disbelief, and said: "You have that kind of ability?"

Ma Jinhong laughed: "Don’t underestimate me!"