Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Based on Ma Jinhong’s performance just now, it was hard to not make others look down on him!

"How long has your Thief Race been here?" Chen Xiang asked. He felt it was strange that a person had entered here before, but now, there was actually a large group of people, and they were all very strong. -

Without sufficient strength, it was impossible to enter this place!

Previously, it was impossible for Chen Xiang to enter, and he still relied on the Purple Yang Excalibur. However, that group of people didn’t even need the Purple Yang Excalibur to enter, and they could even enter the Purple Yang Divine Palace.

"I’ve been inside for a long time, I only came in at the back, but because I accidentally activated the mechanism, I was trapped here. At that time, they were still outside the big ’door’ of the Purple Yang Divine Palace." Ma Jinhong said: "In the end, I saw that they used many methods to successfully enter the Purple Yang Divine Palace, and from start to finish, they did not think of saving me, they only told me, that only Purple Yang Excalibur could easily destroy the tiger statue."

This was indeed a tragedy. With this, Chen Xiang could also tell what kind of people the Thief Race and the rest were. If they were so heartless to their own people, then they would definitely not be good people.

"If you agree to sign the blood contract with me, then I will save you." Chen Xiang wanted to safely enter the Purple Yang Divine Palace to search for what he needed. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Saving this person was not a difficult task. If the other party was really able to sign the blood contract, then it would not be a problem for him. This could ensure his safety.

"Come here, I can sign the blood contract with you." The man said. A ball of white light appeared above the tiger statue. This was the contract power. No one knew how he got it from the statue.

Chen Xiang walked over and put away the white ball of multicolored light. He poured the essence into it and checked the contents of the contract to see if there were any problems, then he took out the Purple Yang Excalibur and swiped it towards the tiger stone statue.

Sure enough, the tiger statue was easily sliced open by him, and a golden light burst out from within, followed by a wild laugh.

"Haha, laozi came out, laozi came out!" When Chen Xiang heard this wild laughter, he was extremely worried, even though he had already signed the contract.

Ma Jinhong was a big and sturdy man with a full beard. After he came out and laughed for a while, he suddenly came in front of Chen Xiang and hurriedly kowtowed to him.

"Alright, alright!" Chen Xiang laughed: "Quickly get up, I’m not used to seeing you like this."

Being kowtowed and expressed gratitude to such a tall and sturdy man nonstop, Chen Xiang was not used to it.

"Big brother, if not for you, I might have been imprisoned here for the rest of my life." Ma Jinhong’s face was covered in tears. It could be seen how miserable his days trapped inside.

"How did you get in? "That purple sun is quite strong. It doesn’t have any ability, but it’s still impossible to enter. And there’s this big ’door’." Chen Xiang pointed at the big ’door’ of the Purple Yang Divine Palace: "They actually managed to enter."

"We all spent a lot of time to make a hole, and it took us a few thousand years to do so. A large team of Thief Race has at least a few thousand people, and all of them are experts, specializing in breaking barriers and so on. They are very skilled in this aspect." Ma Jinhong replied, "It’s just right now ... They are all trapped inside. After so many years, I wonder if they are still alive. "

Chen Xiang looked at the big ’door’ and smiled: "Won’t we know if we go in and take a look?"

That kind of strength made Chen Xiang feel that Ma Jinhong was very strong. If he were to fight with Ma Jinhong, he didn’t know if he would be able to win against him.

Ma Jinhong followed behind Chen Xiang and asked: "Big brother, where did you ’get’ the Purple Yang Excalibur? We did not manage to find it at all at that time, but now that it is in your hands, what is your relationship with the Super Yang Divine Race? You don’t look like a person from the Super Yang Divine Race.

"I got it by chance." Chen Xiang responded to Ma Jinhong with a simple sentence.

Ma Jinhong curled his lips and said: "You can now open this large ’door’. Once the ’door’ opens, remember to store the Purple Yang Excalibur immediately. You must do it quickly and not be discovered by the people inside."

Chen Xiang nodded: "I understand!"

When he had first entered this place, he had also put away the Purple Yang Excalibur at the first possible moment.

Chen Xiang stabbed the Purple Yang Excalibur into the hole. After he stabbed in, there was a "clang" sound as the Purple Yang Excalibur automatically rotated a few rounds before slowly opening the big "door".

At this time, Chen Xiang was still holding onto the Purple Yang Excalibur’s sword hilt. He tried to discover that the sword hilt was a little loose, then pulled it out and kept it hastily. This way, no one would see anyone seeing that he had the Purple Yang Excalibur.

"Alright, now you have to be careful. I haven’t seen the people inside for many years. I wonder if they will recognize me." Ma Jinhong took off his shirt, only to see a golden skull tattooed on his chest, shining brightly.

"This is a tattoo that is unique to our Thief Race. When they see this tattoo, they will know that I am one of them, and at that time, you can just pretend that you are my subordinate. Don’t talk too much with them, otherwise, they will suspect you." Ma Jinhong said.

"I got it!" Chen Xiang waited for the big door to slowly open bit by bit. Inside, it was pitch black, Ma Jinhong walked in first while Chen Xiang followed behind.

After the two of them entered, the door quickly closed with a "boom", causing both Chen Xiang and Ma Jinhong to abruptly shake. They did not expect the door that was slowly opening just a moment ago to actually close so quickly.

"Don’t worry, you can come out anytime." Ma Jinhong was extremely cautious at the moment as he sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang.

This place was completely pitch black and he couldn’t see anything. Chen Xiang could only carefully move forward with Ma Jinhong.

"There’s something ahead!" Ma Jinhong was also from the Thief Race, so he was very sensitive towards enchantments. He quickly discovered that there was something in front.

When Chen Xiang approached, he also noticed that there was a black barrier in front of him. As long as he entered, he would be able to enter another place.

Ma Jinhong nodded to Chen Xiang and said: "Let’s go in together!"

Chen Xiang and Ma Jinhong stepped into the black barrier at the same time.

When they opened their eyes, they could already see the situation inside. It was a very spacious stone room ... It should be said that this was a huge plaza. Although it was very large and tall, it was surrounded by stone walls.

"Someone’s coming." Ma Jinhong said softly, his expression becoming extremely serious. He had told Chen Xiang before that the people of Thief Race were not good people, so he did not trust the Thief Race very much.