Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang also felt that there were a lot of people approaching him. All of them were very strong, and the pressure they emitted made it difficult for him to breathe, especially the Qi of one of them, it was extremely terrifying. -

Very soon, this group of people appeared within their line of sight. Most of them were middle-aged with a few elders, but these elders weren’t very strong. When Chen Xiang saw these people, he did not have a good feeling about them. They did indeed look like bandits, but their faces were filled with rage.

"You are from the Thief Race?" One of them, a middle-aged man who carried a golden machete on his shoulder, asked.

"Yes, my name is Ma Jinhong. When I first came here, because I accidentally touched the mechanism, I was sealed inside a stone statue. Ma Jinhong did this to help Chen Xiang and allow him to safely enter this place. Otherwise, he wouldn’t want to see this group of fellows again. He felt that these people could have saved him back then, but they didn’t.

It was just that he was worried that there would be one more person and that he would need to share more, so he did not rescue him. Thinking of this, Ma Jinhong became extremely furious, because he had been trapped in that small place for many years.

"Of course I have an impression of him!" The middle-aged man laughed out loud and said, "You must be that unlucky bastard, haha ..."

This made Ma Jinhong even more furious, it was only because of the strength of this group of people that he did not flare up. Although he scolded people so fiercely previously, he was actually a very cowardly person, and this could be seen from the way he knelt and thanked Chen Xiang.

"Now that I’m in Thief King, why aren’t you kneeling down when you see me!" The middle aged man waved his golden machete and sneered at Ma Jinhong.

Ma Jinhong said as he furrowed his brows, "Thief King is the strongest among them ..."

"Kneel!" The middle aged man was furious. He suddenly attacked, bending over and used the back of his blade to sweep Ma Jinhong’s knee, causing him to kneel down.

"Kneel!" The middle aged man said to Chen Xiang in a cold voice.

Chen Xiang frowned, he was not one to casually kneel to others.

"He’s my big brother. It’s fine for you to insult me, but if you disrespect him, even if I die, I won’t let you off." Ma Jinhong was not only kneeling down now, he was also sprawled on the ground, his head being ruthlessly stepped on by the self-proclaimed middle-aged man as Thief King.

Just now, Chen Xiang saw that there were three big doors on the front and the left and right walls of the square. He did not know what those big doors were either, but he was sure that it led to many places in the Purple Yang Divine Palace.

"He’s not someone from the Thief Race. He doesn’t need to kneel to the Thief King." When Ma Jinhong saw Thief King walk towards Chen Xiang with a face filled with anger, he started to worry secretly.

"Seems like he has the Purple Yang Excalibur s." The Thief King suddenly stopped and laughed out loud. "Truly, you came without any effort, haha ... I finally got the Purple Yang Excalibur! "

The other Thief Race people were shocked, then their faces were filled with ecstasy as they quickly surrounded Chen Xiang.

"You ..." Ma Jinhong didn’t say anything, but the other party still noticed it.

"Don’t think I’m an idiot." The Thief King said: "This guy’s cultivation is so low, but if he can enter here and even save you, then there’s only one possibility, and that is that he has a Purple Yang Excalibur!"

Ma Jinhong roared as he fiercely flew over and tightly hugged the Thief King. He roared at Chen Xiang: "Big Brother, hurry up and leave!"

Chen Xiang was startled, Ma Jinhong’s actions were undoubtedly courting death, Ma Jinhong’s entire body expanded, the energy in his body was boiling, burning, expanding, it was obvious that he did not want to live!

It made people feel that he was extremely useless. But now, in order to protect Chen Xiang, he went all out to hug Thief King, releasing the energy within his body. He wanted to self-destruct, and die with Thief King.

Chen Xiang took out his Six Realms mirrors and released beams of intense light from it. One ray of light was a temporary seal that locked those people in place, then, he rode his Six Realms mirrors and flew over. He took out his Heavenly magic sword and thrusted towards Thief King’s head. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Thief King roared angrily, as he released a burst of strong sound waves, trying to stop Chen Xiang from stabbing over. He was currently in Ma Jinhong’s embrace with all his strength, and was unable to move at all.

When Chen Xiang pierced the sword, due to the enemy’s sudden sound wave, it also caused his power to weaken. However, his Heavenly magic sword still pierced through, piercing into one of Thief King’s eye, causing him to scream in pain.

"Come up!" Chen Xiang grabbed Ma Jinhong’s arm, and used all his strength to ’get’ Ma Jinhong onto the Six Realms mirrors.

At the same time, the other people who were sealed by Chen Xiang had already escaped and attacked. Thief King also used all his strength to strike at Chen Xiang.

The protective shield Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors had released was very strong. Even though they had been attacked by so many powerful energies, none of them were affected. It was just that they felt uncomfortable because of the Six Realms mirrors’s vibrations.

Chen Xiang controlled the Six Realms mirrors and quickly rushed to the one in the middle of the three giant doors on the left side. The Six Realms mirrors was extremely fast as well and entered it in the blink of an eye.

After entering the ’door’, they came to another gigantic stone room. What made them curious was that Ma Jinhong did not chase after them.

"Old Ma, are you alright?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I’m fine!" Ma Jinhong regained his senses at this moment and took a deep breath. He thought that he was finished, and felt that he could only save Chen Xiang at that time.

"Big brother, you’re so strong!" Ma Jinhong’s face was full of admiration, and he recognized this big brother even more.

Chen Xiang only smiled.

"They are afraid to enter this place, probably because this is the territory of another group of people." Chen Xiang looked around and said.

He couldn’t use Spatial Force here, so he needed to be more careful.

"There are only twenty or so of them." Ma Jinhong said: "They have been here for so many years, they should not have been able to obtain anything, and because of this, they formed a disagreement, so they have already split up, and there should be many small groups within."

Just as Chen Xiang finished speaking, many swords flew over.

"Get lost!" Ma Jinhong was very angry, and the swords that flew over were not powerful things either. After jumping out of the Six Realms mirrors, his body trembled, and with a hong sound, he exploded into a wave of berserk Qi waves, causing the flying swords that were flying over to all fall to the ground.

Ma Jinhong was originally angry, but after running away from danger and encountering another threat, he was unable to hold back his anger. Previous Chapter