Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

Chen Xiang and Ma Jinhong never thought that after coming to this stone room, they would meet such an enemy. Without saying anything, they directly attacked them, which made them very angry.

"What kind of scoundrel gives in? Come out right now, I promise I won’t beat you to death." Ma Jinhong roared loudly, he was no longer as useless as before, he looked very heroic.

Chen Xiang just found it funny, he guessed that if the person who appeared was strong, this Ma Jinhong might immediately kneel down. However, when he thought back to how Ma Jinhong had risked everything to save him, he was still moved.

"Old Ma, be careful, these guys might be the Thief King’s men." Chen Xiang said softly, there were very few people in the previous Thief King, and there were so many people in this stone room, they were all powerful, and only the group of Thief Race could have such strength.

Ma Jinhong obviously knew this, so he was extremely cautious.

Very quickly, around a hundred people appeared around them. Although they were not very strong, they were not weak either, with two Peak of World Defying crazy realm s being the strongest, which was something that Ma Jinhong was unable to handle, furthermore, there were those with lower cultivation realm or higher, and their numbers were not few in number. If they joined forces to fight Ma Jinhong, Ma Jinhong was not his opponent.

When Ma Jinhong saw all these people, he shivered. He never thought that the strength of the people here would be so terrifying, and that there would be so many of them from the very start.

Of course, if he did not have the two Peak of World Defying crazy realm s, he might not have to be afraid, but the two old men from the Peak of World Defying crazy realm were brimming with killing intent that caused Ma Jinhong to be extremely worried.

Chen Xiang didn’t have anything to be afraid of, because the Six Realms mirrors was still in his hands. His Six Realms mirrors had a strong defensive power that could block the group’s attacks for a while, giving him enough time to escape.

Are you all from the Thief King? Chen Xiang asked. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"Thief King? Don’t tell me you guys have grudges with the Thief King? " One of the old man asked with a vigilant look on his face, "Who are you people? This is our Thousand Ancient Sect’s territory, you can’t just casually come in. You’d better leave immediately, otherwise, don’t blame us for using force. "

The old man pointed to a door. Once they went out, it would be a very large plaza, and there would be a very vicious Thief King. He and Ma Jinhong had just escaped from there, and they would not go back.

"Who made this place yours?" Chen Xiang frowned: "This is Purple Yang Divine Palace, it’s Super Yang Old Ancestor’s territory!"

"Just based on the fact that we came here first, we were able to arrive several tens of thousands of years earlier than you. This is our strength, so we have the qualifications to occupy this place. Quickly leave, otherwise, don’t blame us for being ruthless." The old man took out a fork and pointed it at Ma Jinhong.

Ma Jinhong was after all a strong World Defying crazy realm Ranker, he snorted, and grabbed the fork in the air: "I am also from Thief Race, and they are all on the same side, is there a need to be so heartless? The man who claims to be the Thief King outside is trying to kill us all. Isn’t it too cruel for you to just throw us out like that?! "

Chen Xiang sighed helplessly. At a time like this, Ma Jinhong actually said such a thing to the other party. Anyone could tell that this group of people were extremely heartless.

"So what? It has nothing to do with us!" The old man sneered: "Who asked you to offend the Thief King, there are nine doors on the walls, and each door is a large plaza. It has long been someone else’s territory, and you guys no longer have anywhere to run."

The old man pushed the fork in his hand forward, causing Ma Jinhong to retreat a few steps.

The middle-aged and elderly held half of them, and the others were all youngsters who came to join in the fun. Although the weapons in their hands were all divine weapons, they were all very poor, and only the two Peak of World Defying crazy realm elders had rather good divine tools, with a bit of Myriad Tao Divine Soil inside.

Even if there was a little Myriad Tao Divine Soil inside, in Chen Xiang’s eyes, it was still a little lacking.

"Wait, do you want to know why we are being chased by the Thief King?" Chen Xiang suddenly said: "Thief King does not dare to chase us, and is obviously afraid of you guys. How about this, you let the two of us stay, I will give you some things in exchange."

However, if they were to fight with us, both of them would definitely suffer. When that time comes, the other people from the other eight sects will come out together and annihilate us, so that they can split their territory. "Su Yun said in a low voice. The old man said: "We really don’t want to provoke Thief King."

The group of people thought that Chen Xiang couldn’t give them anything and immediately rejected him.

Chen Xiang took out a small box of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s and said: "If you can make us stay here, I’ll give this to you."

The people of Thief Race all came from above Myriad Tao, and were extremely familiar with treasures, so they immediately recognized what it was!

"Myriad Tao Divine Soil!" The old man shouted in shock, his eyes that were half opened suddenly widened, as though flames were about to spew out of his mouth as he stared at the jade case in Chen Xiang’s hands.

Chen Xiang quickly put away the jade box and said: "How is it, are you willing?"

Furthermore, this group of Thief Race people had been trapped here for tens of thousands of years. In order to obtain their territory, they had already used up all the Myriad Tao Divine Soil s in their possession.

"Alright!" The old man answered very straightforwardly.

"We want to sign a blood contract. If you chase us out of this area, you will suffer the backlash from the contract." Chen Xiang said: "My request is not too overboard."

"No, we agree!" The two old men were both from the Peak of World Defying crazy realm, so in terms of strength, they could be considered to be at the top. Therefore, they had the power to decide, since Chen Xiang’s box of Myriad Tao Divine Soil was not small in number, it was at least two jin in weight!

"Oh right, how many Myriad Tao Divine Soil do you have? We need to first confirm that you won’t reduce in number." The old man was also very cautious.

The others watched on from the side with faces full of surprise. Myriad Tao Divine Soil was already a legendary existence in their eyes, and to be able to see it with their own eyes was truly unexpected.

"Two Jin, each of you, one Jin!" Chen Xiang said: "If possible, I will begin to sign the agreement right now!"

There were Crystal emperor inside the Purple Yang Divine Palace, but they didn’t know where they were. Right now, Chen Xiang needed to stabilize so he could have a place to stay before he can go look for the treasures inside the Purple Yang Divine Palace.