Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Not long after Chen Xiang entered the Purple Yang Divine Palace, he was noticed by the Thief King. All he knew was that there were nine big doors inside the Purple Yang Divine Palace, and that he was inside one of them.

"Are you sure you want to give two kilograms of Myriad Tao Divine Soil to us?" That old man evidently did not dare believe it. Not mentioning now, even in the past, there were many that could obtain two kilograms of Myriad Tao Divine Soil from Myriad Tao.

Chen Xiang nodded his head, "I will definitely not lie to you. After all, we have to sign a blood contract, if I do not give it to you, I will definitely die from the backlash of the blood contract."

The two old men looked at each other, nodded, and began to sign the blood contract with Chen Xiang. Once they succeeded, they would be able to sign the blood contract with two kilograms of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s.

They had been trapped in the Purple Yang Divine Palace for many years, and there were no resources at all. Therefore, if they were able to obtain a little bit of the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, it would be a huge improvement for them.

Now they were two kilograms of Myriad Tao Divine Soil, how could they not be moved?

Very quickly, they signed a blood contract with Chen Xiang, who immediately gave them the Myriad Tao Divine Soil.

After they had obtained the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, their old face revealed a smile.

Chen Xiang’s Myriad Tao Divine Soil was very important to them, they already had these Myriad Tao Divine Soil’s words, and that alone would allow them to obtain stronger divine tools. If their strength was the same, then the odds of them winning would be much higher!

"Well, now we can stay here." Ma Jinhong was a little unhappy. He felt that Chen Xiang giving the Myriad Tao Divine Soil to these people was equivalent to feeding a dog.

Ma Jinhong knew that Chen Xiang’s Myriad Tao Divine Soil was a good thing, but in order to stay here, he had no choice but to take it out.

This little bit of Myriad Tao Divine Soil was simply nothing to Chen Xiang. He still had a lot of things to take care of, so he would obviously not tell anyone about this matter. Otherwise, given the other party’s greed, he would definitely think of ways to get it from him.

"If you have nowhere else to go, why don’t you come to our residence?" He was also very curious about the origins of Chen Xiang and her. To think that she could actually own a Myriad Tao Divine Soil and would even be hunted down by one.

He guessed that Chen Xiang and Ma Jinhong must have dug up the Myriad Tao Divine Soil from inside the Purple Yang Divine Palace, which was why Thief King chased after them.

The two elders had their own thoughts, they thought that Chen Xiang still had the Myriad Tao Divine Soil in his hands!

Although there were a lot two kilograms of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s, their greed was not enough to satisfy, unless they were certain that there were no more Myriad Tao Divine Soil on Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang and Ma Jinhong followed them and chatted casually along the way.

They were also from Thief Race, but when they first came here, because they discovered the ninth door, the thousands of Thief Race people were split into nine factions, and entered the nine gates respectively. This way, as long as treasures were found inside, they would belong to that faction, and would not be able to interfere with each other.

On the other hand, Thief King was the most powerful faction that had been separated from the others. Furthermore, he was certain that the Purple Yang Divine Palace’s treasure was in the huge plaza in the middle of it.

The two old men were two brothers. Their eldest brother was Wen Yuan, and their younger brother was Wen Jie. They were one of the thirty Peak of World Defying crazy realm s from the group that came in before, so they were considered very strong.

Of course, in the next tens of thousands of years, there were many people that stepped into the World Defying crazy realm. Although they were trapped here, but since they could acquire the World Defying Stage Fierce Power, they could still cultivate in it.

During this period of time, they had asked Chen Xiang where his Myriad Tao Divine Soil s came from, but Chen Xiang had only said very vaguely that he had casually dug them up. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

After arriving at the Wen Palace, Chen Xiang and Ma Jinhong were arranged to rest in a room.

"Big brother, you gave Myriad Tao Divine Soil to them just like that, what a pity." Ma Jinhong kept this matter in mind.

"It’s fine. At least we are safe now." Chen Xiang said.

"I don’t think it’s that easy. I understand Thief Race very well." Ma Jinhong snorted, "These fellows are definitely discussing how to continue lying to us."

Chen Xiang did not doubt Ma Jinhong’s words at all, but he had no other choice at the moment.

This Purple Yang Divine Palace was extremely strange, it looked very empty, and didn’t have any treasures, but Chen Xiang firmly believed that there must be something inside.

"If only we can take out the Heavenly magic sword." Chen Xiang only thought about it, he did not dare take it out, if he was discovered, the people here would definitely treat them the way the Thief King did.

Just as Chen Xiang was thinking of a way to explore, there was a sudden knock on the door.

After Chen Xiang went to open the door, he discovered that it was actually an extremely alluring woman.

"Elder Brother Shen, there’s some food here that I made personally. Try it." The lady smiled at Chen Xiang charmingly, that smile was so evil that it could captivate souls.

"Many thanks!" Chen Xiang smiled and accepted it.

"You’re welcome." The bewitching woman lightly laughed a few times before closing the door and leaving.

Ma Jinhong anxiously walked over, and was about to put a snack in his mouth, but Chen Xiang anxiously gave him a signal with his eyes.

"Be careful!" Chen Xiang gave Ma Jinyin, "When you eat it, remember to wrap the dim sum up with the World Defying Stage Fierce Power, don’t let it suffer any damage. We are only pretending to eat the poison inside!"

Chen Xiang was extremely cautious, moreover, he understood poison quite well, he had seen through it with a single glance just now.

"That bitch, I’m going to kill her." Anger raged in Ma Jinhong’s heart as he transmitted his voice to Chen Xiang.

"Ignore her, we have important things to do." Chen Xiang sighed, then sat on a chair.

Not long after, the woman knocked on the door again. Chen Xiang opened the door and let her in, she started to get close to Chen Xiang and continued to seduce him. Chen Xiang pretended to be interested in her.

The woman’s name was Qiu Yuqing, and she was in the middle stage of the World Defying crazy realm. She said that she was the number one beauty in the Wen Mansion.

"Hey, why aren’t you eating these pastries? "Is it not delicious? Is there still that much?" Seeing that there were only a few missing, Qiu Yuqing asked.

"It’s very delicious, but I’m too full to eat." Ma Jinhong laughed: "Since there’s so much left, you should eat it. Don’t waste time!"

Ma Jinhong took the pot of pastries and handed it over to Qiu Yuqing.

Chen Xiang also laughed: "Everyone eat together, quickly finish all of these pastries, don’t waste Miss’s effort!"

Chen Xiang grabbed one of them and passed it to Qiu Yuqing, then he also picked up the other and stuffed it into his mouth.

When Qiu Yuqing saw that Chen Xiang and Ma Jinhong had eaten one, she felt that Chen Xiang and Ma Jinhong had eaten enough. Her expression suddenly turned cold: "The pastry you guys have eaten is poisonous, this poison is extremely powerful, if you cannot get the antidote, you will be in extreme pain!"