Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang didn’t know whether it was Qiu Yuqing herself who poisoned her, or if someone ordered her to do so, but that wasn’t important anymore. As long as they were poisoned, they would be their enemy.

"Ah, is this true? "I’m in so much pain here!" Chen Xiang suddenly held his stomach, and shouted loudly.

When Qiu Yuqing saw it, he sneered.

"Brat, do you know how powerful my poison is? "Haha ..." Qiu Yuqing laughed complacently. Seeing her laughing so proudly, Chen Xiang pretended to be in even more pain.

Ma Jinhong reacted and copied Chen Xiang’s actions in a hurry, pretending that being poisoned was painful.

"Kid, how many Myriad Tao Divine Soil do you have left? As long as you give it to me, I can give you the antidote." Qiu Yuqing pinched Chen Xiang’s handsome face, his entire face was filled with a cold smile, and his coquettish face looked extremely ugly.

"I still have over ten kilograms of Myriad Tao Divine Soil. I’ll give all of them to you. Don’t kill me, I’m very afraid of death." After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he pretended to be in extreme pain and screamed.

10 Jin!

After Qiu Yuqing heard it, she took a deep breath. If she could obtain it, she would definitely be overjoyed.

"Miss, who told you to do this?" Chen Xiang held onto his stomach, and asked: "The Wen Family brothers promised me, they wouldn’t hurt me, why are you ... ..."

"It has nothing to do with those two old fellows." Qiu Yuqing sneered: "They think that after obtaining two kilograms, Myriad Tao Divine Soil will be able to defeat Boss Li. They are wrong, haha ... They will lose miserably. "

Chen Xiang never thought that there would be so many schemes and scheming inside this door. He was just surprised for a moment, after all, this kind of thing happen often in fights between great forces, it was very common.

Thief Race had been trapped here for tens of thousands of years. At the beginning, they had tried to work together and leave, but they couldn’t succeed in the end. In order to prevent their days from getting bored, they could only fight around everyday to resolve the boring days.

Chen Xiang thought so!

"Bitch, do you really think we’ve been poisoned!?" Ma Jinhong fiercely jumped up, grabbed Qiu Yuqing’s hair and fiercely struck her on the back with his palm: "I’m not poisoned!"

Qiu Yuqing spat out blood after being hit by Ma Jinhong’s palm and shouted loudly. She hurriedly struggled out of Ma Jinhong’s grasp and rushed out of the door.

At this moment, the Wen brothers arrived.

"Leader Wen, I was kind enough to make them some pastries, but they suspected that I had poisoned them and even spoke ill of them. They even wanted to ... "You even want to molest me." Qiu Yuqing’s face was aggrieved, as he sobbed.

Ma Jinhong roared: "Bitch, there’s poison in those pastries, if my big brother didn’t see through it, we would have been poisoned long ago." After he finished speaking, he realized that Qiu Yuqing had taken the pot of pastries.

"This matter shall end here. Who can bring it up in the future?" His voice was ice-cold, making it hard for others to tell what he was thinking at the moment.

Chen Xiang was extremely calm, he watched as the Wen brothers brought Qiu Yuqing away, and immediately closed the door.

"These fellows..." Chen Xiang snorted: "I underestimated their tricks!"

"Big brother, what’s going on?" Ma Jinhong was also confused: "Could it be that there’s really no poison in those pastries?"

"Poison!" Of course, this is only a test. Although I had pretended to be poisoned and said that I had a Myriad Tao Divine Soil of ten kilograms, they will definitely believe me. " Chen Xiang said: "Next, they definitely have other methods to deal with us, we will leave right now!"

The Thief Race inside had been bored for tens of thousands of years, they must have had all sorts of ideas to deal with him and Ma Jinhong, if they continued to stay, Chen Xiang dared not guarantee that nothing would go wrong.

Chen Xiang and Ma Jinhong quickly walked out of the room. When they reached the entrance, the Wen brothers suddenly appeared in front of them, and there were over a hundred people stopping them.

"What, we can’t leave even if we wanted to?" Ma Jinhong shouted in anger.

"Yes!" Wen Yuan sneered. "The blood contract we signed only said that we won’t chase you out and hurt you."

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "That’s right, but now we have to leave the Wen Mansion and stroll around casually!"

"This place is extremely dangerous. It’s best that you don’t casually stroll around. Otherwise, when you die, don’t blame us. The reason why we don’t let you leave is also for your safety." The Wen brothers thought that although Ma Jinhong was strong, he would definitely not be able to defeat them. On the other hand, although Chen Xiang had the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, his cultivation was too low, and was not their match.

Chen Xiang also saw the seductive and charming Qiu Yuqing, she was standing behind the Wen brothers, sneering at Chen Xiang non-stop.

Just as Chen Xiang was about to take out the Six Realms mirrors and leave, he suddenly sensed that a large wave of aura was approaching. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

The Wen brothers also felt it, and their faces turned extremely unsightly.

Very soon, a few dozen people arrived. These people were all burly men, and only one of them was an old man. However, this old man was also tall and sturdy.

"People of the Li Family, what are you doing here?" Wen Yuan was furious. "This is our Wen Mansion’s territory. Get away from it!"

"Your Wen Mansion’s territory is in the Wen Mansion, and we haven’t gone in yet, so this place can’t be considered your territory." The leading old man sneered, "I’ve come to invite these two friends to our Li Residence. We will treat you as distinguished guests, and we will not be the slightest bit slow."

Chen Xiang frowned, this Lee family member who suddenly appeared had this kind of attitude towards them, which surprised both him and Ma Jinhong.

"Bullshit, Li Residence. When that bitch poisoned us, she told us with her own mouth that it was from your Li Residence." Ma Jinhong shouted in anger.

"Brother, you shouldn’t believe these words. This woman has a very high status in the Wen family. If she really was a member of our Li family, she would have been killed long ago. She was only trying to sow discord." The Li family elder laughed.

Chen Xiang also nodded his head, the Wen Family might have been worried that they would head to the Li Family in the future, thus they intentionally arranged for Qiu Yuqing to make a move against them, it was just that there were some mistakes, so they did not succeed, and even made Chen Xiang and Ma Jinhong be alert, which was why they were forced to stay behind.

"Alright, let’s go to the Li Residence." Chen Xiang laughed: "But now ... It’s a bit difficult, they won’t let us leave! "

The Li family’s old man laughed, "If they don’t want you to leave, then we will destroy the Wen family today. No matter what, we will destroy the Wen family and let you out!"

Seeing the old man’s resolute attitude, the Wen brothers were secretly surprised. Although Chen Xiang still had a little Myriad Tao Divine Soil on him, he definitely would not let the Li Residence take action against them.

"I’ll let you go, the Li Residence is the poorest one here, they don’t have anything in their mansion, you guys only know how to drink from the northwest wind, be careful of your Myriad Tao Divine Soil." After that, he let Chen Xiang and Ma Jinhong walk out of the Wen Palace.