When Qiu Yuqing saw Chen Xiang passing by, he sneered: "Chen Xiang, you have offended the Thief King, and now you have offended us! Do you know that the Li Residence is also against the Thief King? You better be careful, at that time Thief King might even let us attack you. "

Chen Xiang didn’t even look at her, nor did he say anything. He only smiled and walked out of the Wen Palace with Ma Jinhong. This made Qiu Yuqing extremely angry. She thought that she was a beauty, but Chen Xiang was not interested in her at all.

"So is the Wen Mansion." After Ma Jinhong walked out of the Wen Mansion’s main entrance, he sneered: "You all don’t know how powerful my big brother is, he’s not afraid of some Thief King."

Chen Xiang and Ma Jinhong had already arrived beside the old man from the Li family. The people from the Li family were very friendly, although they did not know if he was putting on an act, but at least they gave Chen Xiang a good impression of him.

He thought that there would only be one Wen Family here, but he never thought that there would be several Wen Family Clans here, yet the Wen Family actually wanted to chase Chen Xiang out, this was not a place where the Wen Family could decide.

"My two friends, please!" The Li family’s old man was extremely polite.

Just as they were about to leave, there was a sudden cry from the sky and a very large bird suddenly swooped down.

Qiu Yuqing looked at the giant bird and shouted, "This is a member of our Wen Family, do not take action." She was worried that the Lin Family would treat this giant bird as a demonic beast.

The men from the Lee family did not attack nor did they take it seriously. They only raised their heads and looked around before walking down their own path.

"Don’t let them leave!" cried the man on the bird in the air, and from his tone it seemed very important.

Just as he finished, the Wen brothers rushed forward and brought the Wen Family and encircled Chen Xiang and the Li Family members, not allowing them to leave.

Chen Xiang frowned, he did not know why he suddenly did not let them leave.

"What are you doing?" The elder from the Lee family said angrily, "Don’t tell me you want us to stay as well?"

The Wen brothers did not know why they were staying, but it was because the giant rider had gone out to search for information, and was definitely investigating something related to Chen Xiang.

"That brat has Purple Yang Excalibur s on him, don’t let him go!" The man riding the giant bird shouted, "Thief King has allied with many families, prepare to enter and capture that brat."

Chen Xiang was shocked, he anxiously took out his Six Realms mirrors and rode on it with Ma Jinhong, he did not expect the matter to be exposed so quickly!

Chen Xiang had the Purple Yang Excalibur on her body, but this made everyone in the Wen Family shocked, especially Qiu Yuqing, he felt regret in his heart. If she was a little closer to Chen Xiang, maybe Chen Xiang would tell her about this matter, and if they found the Purple Yang Excalibur, they would be able to find the hidden treasury, which was something that they couldn’t find in tens of thousands of years.

The old man from the Li family shouted angrily, "He’s already a friend of our Li family. If you want to make him stay, then don’t blame our Li family for being impolite."

Chen Xiang possessed the Purple Yang Excalibur, and Purple Yang Excalibur were crucial to finding the treasures within the Purple Yang Divine Palace. Most importantly, they were able to bring them out of this damned place.

"Don’t fight with them, let’s go!" The old man from the Li Clan said to Chen Xiang, who nodded and flew in a certain direction with the men from the Li Clan following closely behind.

The Wen family’s people did not know what to do, their strength was about the same as the Li family’s, if they fought, both of them would definitely suffer, they did not have the confidence to defeat the Li family, and when the time came, Thief King would bring his men in, and they would be laughed at.

Just like this, while the Wen family was still in a dilemma, the Li family had already left with Chen Xiang.

"It’s all your doing!" Wen Yuan said angrily, "This guy is very mysterious to begin with. He doesn’t know how to control the flow of water in such a hurry to make a move. Look at the situation now ... "The Li Family got lucky."

Qiu Yuqing gritted his teeth and scolded: "Who knows how cunning this brat is. What do we do now?"

"What should we do? Of course I’m going to the Thief King. If I ally with the Thief King, maybe we will even get some soup. " Wen Yuan grunted.

Chen Xiang and the Li family members kept their distance from the Wen Family as fast as possible.

The old man from the Li family was the patriarch of the Li family, his name was Li Ba. He looked very straightforward, giving off a very heroic vibe, making people not at all wary of him. However, Chen Xiang had already experienced this before, so he was still very cautious.

The Li Residence was indeed very poor. The place was small, and there weren’t many people. It seemed to be very weak.

"This is our Li Residence. Although it is a bit shabby, our Li Family members are not as despicable and treacherous as those bastards of the Wen Family." Li Ba laughed: The two of you, if you are tired, you can go rest first, we can discuss business tomorrow!

"I’m not tired!" Chen Xiang said: "Elder Li, is there something urgent that you need to tell me ..."

Li Ba nodded, he waved his hand and let the people who were watching the show return, he wanted to take Chen Xiang to discuss some matters.

Chen Xiang brought Ma Jinhong to a very quiet stone room.

"Little brother, if you don’t believe me, I can sign a blood contract with you here first. I promise that I won’t do anything that would let you down." What Li Ba wanted to say was very, very important, and he needed Chen Xiang’s trust to do it.

"Good!" Even though the Wen family had signed a blood contract with me, they still set me up in the end. At that time, it was only the two of them who promised not to hurt me. " Chen Xiang said: "So now I have to be a bit more cautious, after all, I have already experienced this before."

"That’s understandable!" Li Ba nodded, and then signed a blood contract with Chen Xiang, allowing him to feel at ease.

"I, Li Ba, had also entered with the Thief Race back then. It’s just that at that time, I was still a relatively weak old man." Li Ba said: "I’ve met this Brother Ma before." Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Ma Jinhong scratched his head and laughed: "But I don’t have any effect on you anymore!"

Li Ba laughed out loud: "Because at that time, I was still just a nobody. There were so many people in Thief Race, it’s normal that we didn’t know each other! It was only after you triggered a mechanism that I had a bit of an impression of you. "

"Elder Li, your Li Clan seems to be slightly different from others." Chen Xiang said. This feeling was very clear, from the moment he entered the Li Residence, he could feel that the atmosphere was different from the others.

"Hehe, this is just for the juniors to live better when they go out in the future. In these tens of thousands of years, I have seen through the essence of our Thief Race, and even we ourselves hate the Thief Race. So, I do not wish for the Li Residence to become a person that we hate."

"That’s right, I don’t want to be a part of the Thief Race anymore, f * cking detestable." When Ma Jinhong talked about his own Thief Race, he was filled with anger.

"Let’s get down to business!" Li Ba laughed, his expression suddenly becoming serious again: "Little brother, can you let me see the Purple Yang Excalibur?"