Chen Xiang had already signed the blood contract with Li Ba previously, so he was not worried that Li Ba would attack him now. He took out the Purple Yang Excalibur. ades: This website has a new website, shorthand method: Strawberry. cmxsw [see the latest chapter in this book] --

The Purple Yang Excalibur’s entire body was purple, and when it was injected into the World Defying Stage Fierce Power, it would emit waves of purple light. When Chen Xiang took it out, he only needed to take a glance to confirm that this was the Purple Yang Excalibur.

"This must be the real Purple Yang Excalibur, otherwise Big Bro wouldn’t be able to save me." Ma Jinhong laughed.

"Yes, yes, yes... This is a real Purple Yang Excalibur. " Li Ba took the Purple Yang Excalibur from Chen Xiang. Although he held it in his hand, he could feel that this Purple Yang Excalibur did not have any spiritual energy, and was trying to struggle free from his hand. It was obvious that this sword did not approve of him, which was why it became like this in his hand.

Li Ba immediately gave the Purple Yang Excalibur back to Chen Xiang.

"Elder Li, what exactly happened?" Chen Xiang urged.

"When you entered the main hall, you should have already seen the huge plaza. That place was occupied by the Thief King." Li Ba said: "As for the rest of our clans, we will separately enter the other nine doors."

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "I see. At first, I also ran to the ’door’ closest to me, and it is this place!"

"The place we are at right now is the first floor of the Purple Yang Divine Palace. For many years, we have been unable to break through this floor and have been unable to find a way up." Li Ba said: "There are many times that we have teamed up together to try and break the stone walls, but we have no way of doing so, it is simply too sturdy, the stone walls are even surrounded by the power of the barrier."

"Then how can I get there?" Chen Xiang frowned and asked: "I already have the Purple Yang Excalibur, I know that the Purple Yang Excalibur is the key to Purple Yang Divine Palace, but I don’t know if I need to do this."

"I think there might be a ’door’ that is hidden here and can only be opened by using Purple Yang Excalibur." Ma Jinhong said.

Li Ba shook his head: "I’ve searched for many years and have never seen such a ’door’ before, but I know how to use the Heavenly magic sword!"

"How do I use it?" Chen Xiang asked.

Li Ba raised a stone tablet on the ground and said, "Over the years, I have carved out a very deep tunnel here, and there are some special areas down there."

Ma Jinhong was extremely suspicious, and asked: "Shouldn’t it be up there? We are going to the second floor, and we are actually going to the underground? "

Li Ba shook his head: "The barrier here is much stronger than the one on the wall above, no matter how I look at it, it seems to be protecting something powerful, so I think if we want to reach the second floor, we have to go underground."

Chen Xiang did not ask anymore, and followed Li Ba down.

It was deep down, and it took them a while to get there.

"Little brother, try it!" Li Ba held a glowing stone in his hand, illuminating the ground.

Chen Xiang squatted down and looked at the ground, it was a blue coloured stone board, the material used was extremely sturdy.

"What is this?" It looks strong, and. Furthermore, there are so many Spirit grain up there. " Chen Xiang said in shock.

"Yes, in short, all of my divine tools were damaged, but I was unable to leave any traces on them. I feel that they were refined by the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, and there is even a layer of protective barrier energy on them." Li Ba said.

"Little brother, I’m not begging you to give us anything when the time comes. I only hope that you can bring our Li family out of this damned place. Many of the Li family’s little fellows yearn for the outside world."

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "That’s not a problem, I’m taking the things inside, I want to go out too. At that time, I can just take you guys everywhere."

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

An earthquake suddenly came from above, and there were violent tremors deep underground where they were.

"Not good, it’s most likely the Thief King attacking." Li Ba’s expression became serious: I’ll go up and see, you think of a way to open a path here, we need to leave this place quickly, we are definitely not a match for Thief King and the rest! Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Li Ba anxiously ran forward, Chen Xiang held onto his Purple Yang Excalibur tightly.

"Brother, how about we try stabbing it into the ground?" Ma Jinhong said.

He held the Purple Yang Excalibur and stabbed it into the ground. He originally thought that it would be extremely difficult to stab it in, but he didn’t expect that with just a light touch, the Purple Yang Excalibur would enter the stone floor and the stone floor even started to emit light.

Not long after, the stone floor started to ripple like water, causing Ma Jinhong to shout loudly.

"It moved!" Ma Jinhong shouted in shock.

"Little brother, how is it?" Li Ba who was at the top asked.

"Success, you can come down now!" Chen Xiang said. At this time, the huge stone board below had already turned into a green shining liquid. Chen Xiang and Ma Jinhong floated into the air.

After Li Ba came down, she was also floating.

"The Purple Yang Excalibur is indeed useful!" Li Ba sighed. He had tried many different methods before, but none of them could cause any changes to the stone floor. Currently, Chen Xiang was only using the Purple Yang Excalibur s to ’do’ some things.

"I wonder what’s below us." Ma Jinhong said: "I’ll go down and take a look first. After I get down, I’ll see if I can come up later!"

Ma Jinhong’s courage suddenly increased, and he immediately jumped down.

Chen Xiang and Li Ba waited at the top.

"The Thief King and the rest are here?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Yes, this guy actually teamed up with so many clans. It’s clear that he isn’t confident in his own strength. This way, they will be absolutely safe." Li Ba said.

"Big brother, you guys can come down now. This is really another place." Ma Jinhong’s voice came out from below.

Chen Xiang immediately jumped down.

After he went down, he discovered that he had landed in a magnificent hall. It was here that he had the feeling of being a Purple Yang Divine Palace.

After that, Li Ba brought some people down, there were only around a hundred of them in the Li Family, and more than half of them were youths.

Ma Jinhong looked up, and anxiously said: "Big brother, that wound is still there, can’t be sealed?"

Chen Xiang looked to the top of the hall, there was indeed a green spot that was floating there, the big piece was extremely obvious, he anxiously jumped up, and used the Purple Yang Excalibur to stir it a few times, but to no avail.

"Whatever, we have to leave as soon as possible." Chen Xiang released a few hundred Heaven devouring rat s, allowing them to scout the surroundings.

"There’s a big door there. It might be the big door that left the Purple Yang Divine Palace." Li Ba pointed to the side of the hall. The big door was very big, it looked like a big door.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang anxiously walked over: "I’ll try. If you really can leave, you all better leave this place as soon as possible. Thief King and the rest should be able to find this entrance soon."

...