Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing how angry Thief King was, no one dared to make a sound in their hearts. What they were worried about was, if Thief King obtained those things, they wouldn’t get some of it. They didn’t really believe in Thief King, especially now that they saw him act this way.

They knew very well who the Thief King was, since a long time ago, they already knew who the Thief King was, but at that time, when the Thief King came to look for them, they did not have any other methods, if they did not cooperate with the Thief King, they would definitely be trapped here for the rest of their lives, so even if they did not get anything, they would still accept it. Read the first issue of the novel.

Chen Xiang was still doing his best to use the Purple Yang Excalibur to cut the treasure chest. When he used the Purple Yang Excalibur to control the flames, the consumption was too huge, it was not something that he could handle alone.

Not only Li Ba and Ma Jinhong were sending the World Defying Stage Fierce Power to him, even Feng Ke’er and the Mei Jing Sisters were secretly providing the World Defying Stage Fierce Power to Chen Xiang.

"How much longer?" Li Ba asked.

"I don’t know, maybe half a day." Chen Xiang was also extremely anxious at this time, he never thought that such a thing would actually be so difficult to destroy.

He hastily took out the Heavenly magic sword. The Heavenly magic sword had already been refined using a Crystal emperor and looked sharper than the Purple Yang Excalibur, but it was still unable to cut open the box.

"This box has the power of a barrier. Only by using Purple Yang Excalibur can you cut it open." Li Ba had already discerned that Chen Xiang’s sword had a Crystal emperor component, but he didn’t know how many.

"No wonder!" Chen Xiang could only continue to use the Heavenly magic sword to cut it up.

The Thief King and the rest who were watching from the outside were all discussing how to break the barrier. Right now, they were not too far away from Chen Xiang, but the barrier was too powerful, even if they combined their powers to continuously attack it, they could not damage it in the slightest. Instead, the barrier was still absorbing the energy they had released to maintain its activation.

"Half a day is a bit too long, right?" Ma Jinhong frowned: "I’m worried that these fellows outside will join hands and break it apart. We’ll be in trouble then."

"Don’t worry, this barrier should be able to hold on for a long period of time. They definitely won’t be able to break through it within a short period of time." Li Ba was extremely familiar with these enchantments, he could tell when he first came in.

Chen Xiang was currently focusing on cutting the box with his Purple Yang Excalibur, this box had a layer of extremely strong defensive energy, and the material itself wasn’t that strong, it was only made with the materials from Myriad Tao Divine Soil, the strongest part was the Spirit grain carved on the box.

"How did this box come about? It actually has such a strong defensive power." Chen Xiang was very curious about this.

"It should be refined by the Super Yang Old Ancestor, and only he has such strength." Li Ba said: "The Spirit grain used by Super Yang Old Ancestor are all the strongest, and there might be a powerful energy contained within."

Very quickly, half a day had passed and the top layer of the chest was about to be cut open. In this half day, Thief King and the others had never stopped attacking the barrier, but under their constant attacks, the barrier had become a lot weaker.

Before, the barrier could completely absorb the energy from an attack, but now, only half of it had been absorbed. The rest could attack the barrier and cause an explosion, causing the barrier to almost dissipate.

When everyone saw that it was effective, they attacked even more fiercely, especially the Thief King, he fought with his life on the line, he wanted to get the thing inside the box, the Purple Yang Excalibur that was already in Chen Xiang’s hands!

He had entered the Purple Yang Divine Palace for the sake of the treasures here. They had all been here for many years, and after exploring for tens of thousands of years, they still did not discover anything, nor did they obtain anything good. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

However, Chen Xiang had just entered this place, and found this box so quickly.

"We can’t let him obtain it. Our Thief Race has been here for tens of thousands of years and we haven’t found anything. Now that we’ve finally found a treasure, how can we hand it over to someone else?" The Thief King roared, the upper layer of the chest was about to be cut off.

RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU...!

Chen Xiang and the rest were inside the barrier, they could clearly hear the loud noise, it was not there before, but it was clear that the barrier had already been exhausted to a certain extent, and if Thief King and the rest were to continue attacking, it would not take them long to break through the barrier, and at that time, Chen Xiang and the rest would be captured. Although the strength of the three of them were not bad, but when facing Thief King and the rest, they were still lacking too much.

Moreover, Chen Xiang cannot use the power of space here!

"Don’t hold back, we have to make the best use of our time to succeed." Li Ba moved what he said, and then he crazily transferred his own World Defying Stage Fierce Power to Chen Xiang, allowing Chen Xiang to release even more violent fire of Purple Yang Excalibur.

After Ma Jinhong saw it, he also did the same, and started to channel the World Defying Stage Fierce Power into Chen Xiang’s body without caring about his life!

After Chen Xiang sensed their World Defying Stage Fierce Power, he immediately controlled it and entered the divine sword. If not for Li Ba and Ma Jinhong’s help, he would not have been able to progress so fast, and with his and Mei Jing Sisters’s World Defying Stage Fierce Power, he could not hold on for long.

Clang!

The box was cut open by Chen Xiang, and after that, the entire box suddenly cracked open, and released a burst of crisp sounds.

The light golden box was broken into pieces. Inside, there were a lot of light golden stones which looked like gold bars stacked on top of each other. There were a total of three stacks, with five pieces stacked on top of each other!

"It’s the Crystal emperor!" Thief King bellowed, his eyes completely red.

Chen Xiang was also shocked, there were fifteen Crystal emperor s in the chest!

Everyone in Thief Race knew how precious Crystal emperor were. If these fifteen Crystal emperor were to appear in front of them, it would definitely cause a storm of blood and gore.

Chen Xiang hurriedly stored the Crystal emperor and then took it out.

"Come up!" Chen Xiang said to Ma Jinhong and Li Ba.

Ma Jinhong and Li Ba had also been shocked by the Crystal emperor s. Chen Xiang had already obtained the most precious treasures of the Purple Yang Excalibur, and Ma Jinhong and Li Ba were happy for Chen Xiang.

However, what they were worried about now was how to leave this place.

After they had boarded the Six Realms mirrors, Chen Xiang looked at the barrier that was about to explode.

"You all ... Hurry and get the Crystal emperor out! "

"Chen Xiang, you will die a horrible death!"

"The Crystal emperor is ours."

"Hurry up and call out, or else I’ll tear you into ten thousand pieces!"

The group of Thief Race people outside were enraged when they saw that Chen Xiang had taken the Crystal emperor away. They could only curse at Chen Xiang continuously, but they knew that it was useless.

Chen Xiang looked up at it, then flew up. Using the Purple Yang Excalibur to stab in, the stone board suddenly floated up, like a green light screen. Chen Xiang immediately rode the Six Realms mirrors and rushed up.

...