Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

After rushing up, they arrived at the golden hall.

"Let’s separate here." There was a door at the side of the hall. After entering, he would be able to go up to the Myriad Tao, and Chen Xiang did not plan to go there yet.

"This is for you!" Chen Xiang took out two Crystal emperor s and handed them over to Ma Jinhong and Li Ba.

Ma Jinhong and Li Ba were both stunned, but when Ma Jinhong reacted, he immediately rejected them. He did not dare to accept such a precious thing, since Chen Xiang had saved him and he had not repaid Chen Xiang yet.

Li Ba didn’t want it either. The reason was the same as Ma Jinhong, Chen Xiang had helped them before, but they had not repaid his debt to him. Now that Chen Xiang had given them such a precious thing, they felt extremely sorry.

"I don’t want it. Take it yourself." Li Ba was about to rush towards the big door.

"Wait!" Chen Xiang immediately pulled him back and gave him a few pieces of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals. Initially, Li Ba did not know what they were, but by the time he had reacted to it, Chen Xiang had already gone over to Ma Jinhong’s side and gave him a few pieces of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals.

"Alright, I’m leaving!" Chen Xiang did not lack Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, giving them one was nothing.

Li Ba wanted to reject, but Chen Xiang had already returned to the huge, empty plaza on the first floor. He needed to go back the way he came before he could return to Heaven Old Super Realm.

Thief King and the others had already broken through the barrier and chased after him, but they were all heading towards the Myriad Tao, so they did not know that Chen Xiang was from there.

Chen Xiang very smoothly returned to the Heaven Old Super Realm, and returned there.

Divine Soil Restricted Area was extremely calm, but this kind of calmness made Chen Xiang feel extremely suppressed!

"Spirit of Divine Alter, I’m back!" Chen Xiang said while grinning: "Come to here these past few days, how have you been?"

Chen Xiang’s Purple Yang Excalibur was stolen from the Super Yang Divine Lord. If the Super Yang Divine Lord knew that he was cheated, he would definitely go crazy. Right now, he was investigating who did it.

"It’s still okay, but as far as I know, the Super Yang Divine Lord has already prepared to attack this place. He already knows that I have recovered, so his fire slave came here to investigate." Spirit of Divine Alter asked: What about you? Is Purple Yang Divine Palace successful? "

"It went smoothly!" Chen Xiang took out a bag and opened it. There were fifteen Crystal emperor inside!

"So many!" When Chen Cai saw this, his eyeballs almost fell out.

"Indeed!" Spirit of Divine Alter also exclaimed out loud.

"How much do you want?" Before, Spirit of Divine Alter already said that if he wanted to suppress Super Yang Divine Lord, he would need more Crystal emperor.

"I need another five!" Spirit of Divine Alter said, "If it’s the kind that you refine, then it needs nine pieces ... The Crystal emperor that you have now, are all quite big, I think five should be enough. "

"Alright!" Chen Xiang took out five Crystal emperor s and placed them on the ground. Then, he looked at Chen Cai and smiled.

Without waiting for Chen Cai’s reply, he directly gave her a piece of Crystal emperor.

Chen Cai had been forging since the beginning, and he himself also wished to have his own super powerful divine tool. And the best case scenario was that it had been made using a Crystal emperor, although he had already helped Chen Xiang refine a few divine tools using the Crystal emperor, they were all his own and he did not have his own.

"Many thanks!" These weapons were all refined using the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, so they were all extremely powerful. If they were used to fight with others, they would definitely have a huge advantage.

If Divine Soil Race had been able to make good use of this Sun God Forest that they controlled back then, they wouldn’t have been sealed here by the Heaven Old Divine Race.

"The injured Super Yang Divine Lord is currently not very strong, you don’t have to worry too much about him." The Spirit of Divine Alter said: "Some Super Yang Divine Race s might be stronger than them."

"Yes!" Chen Cai nodded his head, "According to my inherited memories, the Fierce Fighting God is extremely terrifying, especially those that have been nurtured."

"Really?" Chen Xiang had seen the Fierce Fighting God before, there was one in the Bai Family. Although it was strong, it was not as powerful as the ones described by the Spirit of Divine Alter and Chen Cai.

"However, these Gifted Fierce Fighting God s will usually head for the Myriad Tao. The stage for them to come there is even bigger and the resources are even richer. This is because in the Heaven Old Super Realm, there are very few Myriad Tao Divine Soil s." Spirit of Divine Alter said. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Isn’t that enough? "Not a few!" Chen Xiang looked at the ground and laughed.

There were indeed many Myriad Tao Divine Soil here, the entire Sun God Forest!

"But they couldn’t get it. If they wanted to get the Myriad Tao Divine Soil from here, they would have to pay a huge price, and in the end, they might even lose their lives. They knew this well, that’s why they chose to search for the Myriad Tao Divine Soil above." Spirit of Divine Alter said, "But now ... If they knew that there are Crystal emperor here, it is very possible that they would come.

With the Crystal emperor in Chen Xiang’s possession, he naturally could not understand his mood. In the eyes of others, the Myriad Tao Divine Soil was extremely precious, but Chen Xiang simply looked down upon it. Even the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal was only barely enough to catch his eye.

"I’ll go to Bai Family to take a look." Chen Xiang said: "That Sword Blood of the Bai Family is very strong. If she can grow, she will be of great help to us in the future."

"Give her a piece of Crystal emperor and let her cultivate her own sword of life." The Spirit of Divine Alter said, "The Sword Clan have a rather powerful place, they possess a type of Inherent Skill, which allows them to use some special methods to refine a very powerful divine sword inside their body. If they have good materials, the sword of life that they can condense would not be any worse than the ones refined by a Master Refiner."

Chen Xiang did not think too much about what his Crystal emperor was going to do with it. He was sure that he was not lacking in Crystal emperor s right now, so giving Bai Xuelan a piece would not be a big deal.

The enchantment enveloping the Bai Mansion released a faint white glow. Looking from afar, it looked like it had been covered by a layer of light.

"Did someone else attack the Bai Mansion?" Chen Xiang frowned, he did not dare go near the Bai Mansion at the moment, and carefully observed his surroundings to see if there was anyone outside.

Very quickly, he saw that many people were there, amongst them were people from the Lan Clan, from their blue robes, they were obvious, and the rest were from the Heaven Old Imperial Family, their clothes were easy to recognize.

The Heaven Old Imperial Family was a very powerful Super Yang Divine Race, and now, they had actually joined forces with the Lan Clan to besiege the Bai Family!

Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors and sent a sound transmission to Bai Ximing.

"Brother Bai, what’s the situation now?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Big trouble!" After Bai Ximing heard Chen Xiang’s voice, he anxiously said. "Xue Lan is already severely injured, and the enchantment of our Bai Mansion is also continuously consuming the energy of the formation base. Once it is exhausted, they will attack."