Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Xuelan was actually injured, which surprised him a lot. Right now, he did not know how to enter the Bai Family, unless the Bai Family could remove the enchantment, but people outside would immediately attack and enter.

"What the hell is going on? Did Super Yang Divine Lord find you guys?" Chen Xiang was very worried, the Super Yang Divine Lord had already taken in a lot of Fire Slaves. Those Fire Slaves had powerful warriors from different families, and they had watched Bai Xuelan taking them away from Chen Xiang when he was still alive.

"No... Super Yang Divine Lord is already dead. " Bai Ximing said: "I’m also surprised, but this is true!"

The Super Yang Divine Lord was actually dead!

Chen Xiang found it hard to believe. Back then, the reason the Super Yang Divine Lord was sealed in the sun was because the Super Yang Divine Lord was unable to kill him.

But now, Bai Ximing was telling Chen Xiang that the Super Yang Divine Lord was dead!

"What the hell is going on?" Chen Xiang was confused. Super Yang Divine Lord was killed, and who was it that killed them?

"The Super Yang Divine Lord was exterminated by the three Fierce Fighting God s." Bai Ximing took a deep breath and continued: "These three Fierce Fighting God s are all from above Myriad Tao. I don’t understand why these guys are so powerful, and why they are clearly just in the middle to late stage of the World Defying crazy realm."

Previously, Chen Xiang had heard about the existence of the Gifted Fierce Fighting God from Chen Cai and the Spirit of Divine Alter. At that time, he did not believe it was true, but now that Bai Ximing had said it, he could not help but take it seriously.

"Now they surrounded the Bai Mansion?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Yes, but only two. One is from Lan Clan, the other is from Heaven Old Imperial Family." Bai Ximing said: "They are extremely strong! And Xue Lan was injured by them! "

"They bully the young with their numbers?" Chen Xiang knew Bai Xuelan’s strength.

"No, Gifted Fierce Fighting God are extremely arrogant, they would not do such a thing, so they did not attack Xue Lan, but chose to fight alone." Bai Ximing said.

"Then why did they join together to kill the Super Yang Divine Lord?" Chen Xiang said.

"Super Yang Divine Lord was not attacked by them, they fought alone against him, and fought by turns, and the Super Yang Divine Lord himself was very conceited, in the end, he was killed, and I do not understand the specifics, but in short, these Fierce Fighting God s have a very powerful cultivation technique, which allowed them to have even more power." Bai Ximing said.

"How is Xue Lan now?" Chen Xiang originally came to deliver the Crystal emperor to Bai Xuelan, but he didn’t think that such a thing would actually happen.

"Fortunately, her recovery speed was extremely fast! Xue Lan is not weak either. It’s just that her combat experience is too little. Bai Ximing said: "If she had more time, she would have been as strong as those Fierce Fighting God s."

Chen Xiang was a little relieved, at least his injuries weren’t too serious right now.

"Chen Xiang, don’t act recklessly for now. Wait until Xue Lan wakes up, then I’ll find a chance to open the barrier and let you in." Bai Ximing said.

Chen Xiang did not listen to him, but flew over. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

At this time, he was using the Counter Power and he was even using all his strength to conceal himself, he just wanted to see if the Gifted Fierce Fighting God would be able to discover him.

"Chen Xiang, be careful. These guys are all very scary." Feng Ke’er said. At this time, she could already feel the threatening aura from the outside.

"Of course I know, they are people who can exterminate the Super Yang Divine Lord." Chen Xiang was clear that these Fierce Fighting God s were all here because they wanted to obtain Bai Xuelan’s Sword Blood, and at the same time, wanted to interrogate the Bai Family about the things related to the Myriad Tao Divine Soil.

When Chen Xiang got closer, he was discovered by a man dressed in gold. The man raised his head and looked at the sky, his eyes suddenly shooting out two rays of fire towards Chen Xiang, but was avoided by Chen Xiang.

"Someone is up there. It’s a very clever concealment technique!" The other blue-robed man’s eyes flashed with electricity. He laughed coldly, "This person’s concealment is not bad. I almost did not notice, but his strength is only average."

Chen Xiang had already appeared, he had teleported to the entrance of the Bai Mansion, and directly used his own appearance to face the people in front of him!

"Chen Xiang, he’s the one who obtained the core spirit of the Heavenly Dan Landlord." A middle-aged man from a Heaven Old Imperial Family said.

"What is your relationship with the Bai Family?" The Heaven Old Imperial Family asked with a cold voice.

Chen Xiang could clearly see these two Gifted Fierce Fighting God s, they were both very young, their auras were also different from others.

"Bai Ximing and I are friends." Chen Xiang said: "I wonder what grudges you have with Bai Family? Is there a need to surround Bai Family like that? "

"The Bai Family has people from the Sword Blood, and the Sword Blood are enemies with us. In order to get rid of future troubles, we have come here to do what we should." Lan Clan said very straightforwardly: "Do you think what I’ve done is right?"

"It doesn’t make sense." Chen Xiang shook his head: "This is mainly because your Lan Clan has been bullying your Bai Family for so many years, and now that your Bai Family has the chance to rise to prominence, that’s why you’re afraid, it’s your fault in the first place."

"Yes, it is our fault, but we can only do it again and again, otherwise, when the Sword Blood becomes stronger, our Lan Clan will be destroyed." Lan Clan of the Lan Clan sneered: "This world is a world where the strong preys on the weak. You should also be able to see it clearly."

"In that case, does that mean the Bai Family does not have any more chances?" Chen Xiang paced back and forth a few steps. At this moment, he appeared to be extremely calm.

"Once the Bai Family’s barrier disappears, there should not be any chances left." The blue clothed man laughed, "Do you think you can save Bai Family?"

"I think I can, that’s why I’m here." Chen Xiang also laughed.

"Oh? Are you very strong? Now it seems that you can only save Bai Family by defeating us. " Lan Clan’s Fierce Fighting God was very strong. Even though he was a bit arrogant, no one felt that he was very arrogant because he had the qualifications to be so arrogant in the first place.

Now that Chen Xiang had finally experienced the power of these Gifted Fierce Fighting God, although he did not fight with them, their auras gave off a very oppressive feeling.

The big doors of the Bai Mansion had already opened. Bai Ximing stood there, and when he saw that Chen Xiang had already appeared, he could not help but shake his head.

"Brother Bai, don’t do anything. Just watch from there." Chen Xiang was worried that Bai Ximing would suddenly remove the enchantment.

"Chen Xiang, quickly leave. Our Bai Family still has some strength." Bai Ximing didn’t want Chen Xiang to face two Gifted Fierce Fighting God alone, since other than those Gifted Fierce Fighting God s, the other two families’ experts were also present.

"I have my own plans!" Chen Xiang didn’t say much to Bai Ximing as he was already prepared to fight a round with these Gifted Fierce Fighting God.