Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Ximing was not clear about Chen Xiang’s current plans, but he could guess that Chen Xiang would most likely fight with these Fierce Fighting God s. This was the worst case scenario, in order to let Chen Xiang have a better chance of winning, he sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang, telling him about the two Gifted Fierce Fighting God s. xshiotxt

"The Lan Clan’s name is Lan Kunyuan, and to be able to head to the Myriad Tao at such a young age, he had used a lightning World Defying Stage Fierce Power. Although it is only at the middle stage of the World Defying crazy realm, the fused profound practitioners all come from the third floor of the World Defying Stage Soul River." Bai Ximing said: "Because he is based on the powerful World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, even though he is only at the middle stage of the World Defying crazy realm, his strength is extremely terrifying."

This guy is a lot younger than Lan Kunyuan, and is also at the middle stage of the World Defying crazy realm. His two World Defying Stage Fierce Fighting Soul s are a lot stronger than Lan Kunyuan, and one of them is a Berserker Soul Beast that he obtained from the fourth floor of the World Defying Stage Soul River. "

The World Defying Stage Soul River only had a third floor, Chen Xiang never thought that there would actually be a fourth floor!

Hong Qianyi’s golden robes suddenly flickered, releasing a burst of tyrannical Qi, the moment the Qi appeared, the people behind him immediately retreated, because Hong Qianyi was preparing to attack.

Lan Kunyuan also retreated. His strength was a bit weaker than Hong Qianyi’s, so if Hong Qianyi wanted to make a move now, he would naturally not do so.

The atmosphere immediately became extremely tense. Hong Qianyi stared at Chen Xiang and said: "You ... Since you want to help the Bai Family, then it will be our obstruction, don’t blame me. "

"Wait!" Chen Xiang suddenly shouted: "If you kill me just like that, you won’t get anything, how about this, we will fight a fair battle, if I can defeat one of you, you two are not allowed to attack Bai Family for the next year."

"On what basis?" Lan Kunyuan laughed coldly.

"If I am defeated, I will naturally leave this place. Furthermore, all of you will be able to obtain one of these." Chen Xiang knew that if he did not take out something, the other party would not be moved.

After Chen Xiang took out a piece of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal, both Hong Qianyi and Lan Kunyuan’s expression slightly changed. This was a Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal, they could recognize it, and such a thing had always been a legendary existence.

But now, Chen Xiang could take it out!

"Alright, I promise you!" Hong Qianyi agreed very quickly. They had fought so hard for the sake of the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, but there was the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal in front of them.

As long as he defeated Chen Xiang, he would be able to obtain the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal.

"I can’t beat you!" Chen Xiang continued: "It’s impossible for me to defeat you now. But I can compete with Lan Kunyuan. "

"No way!" Hong Qianyi anxiously shouted: "The Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal is mine."

"Don’t worry, if Lan Kunyuan can defeat me, you can also obtain the Myriad Tao Divine Soil’s Crystal." Chen Xiang took out another piece of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal and laughed: "If it was only you and me fighting, Lan Kunyuan would definitely not be satisfied."

Hong Qianyi looked at Lan Kunyuan, who nodded at him.

"Alright, as long as I defeat you, it will be alright?" Lan Kunyuan was still very confident.

"Yes, and we have to sign a blood contract." Chen Xiang said: "I only believe in this, it will benefit both of us."

Hong Qianyi felt that Chen Xiang was not very strong, he would definitely be able to defeat him, and he only needed to watch from the side. Once Lan Kunyuan defeated Chen Xiang, he would also be able to obtain a piece of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal, it would be a piece of cake.

"No, what if you die during the battle?" Hong Qianyi said: "For a battle like this, if we cannot fight with our bare hands, then there is simply no meaning!"

"I will give the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal to Bai Ximing. If I die, I will give it to you! Of course, if I really die, you all cannot attack the Bai Family within a year. " Chen Xiang said.

"No problem!" Hong Qianyi agreed, but Lan Kunyuan didn’t have any objections.

Chen Xiang handed two Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals over to Bai Ximing. At the moment, Bai Ximing’s heart was a little heavy, if Chen Xiang died, he would definitely feel very guilty.

Those people who came with Lan Kunyuan and the others, although silent, were feeling extremely jealous in their hearts. They, as old fellows, cursed silently in their hearts because it would be extremely difficult for them to get their hands on the Myriad Tao Divine Soil’s Crystals even if they wanted to, while the two young men in front of them, Lan Kunyuan, were able to get their hands on the Myriad Tao Divine Soil’s Crystals easily.

Although their hearts were unbalanced, they did not dare to say it out loud. They were unclear about the strength of Hong Qianyi and his group.

After the blood contract was signed, Chen Xiang was much more at ease.

"Chen Xiang, why not just give them the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals and let them leave? Bai Ximing sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang: "If you fight with them, you will be injured."

If I can beat Lan Kunyuan, then I don’t need to give the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals. You need to be clear, if the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals were to fall into their hands, it would be extremely disadvantageous for us. " Chen Xiang had a lot of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals. Unless he had no other choice, he would definitely not give the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals to his enemy.

Now that he was faced with such a situation, he could only use this method.

He wasn’t sure if he could win, but he would try his best to fight!

Lan Kunyuan said: "Let’s fight outside. The Bai Family has a barrier protecting him, you do not need to worry that it will be damaged during the battle." Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

It was already a mess outside. had fought with them here before, so he did not have any objections.

"Alright, let’s fight here!" Chen Xiang asked: "Can I use the Divine Equipment?"

"Of course you can!" Lan Kunyuan definitely had to use divine tools, as for people like them, every type of divine tool was a part of their strength, and if they couldn’t use them, it would be like losing the right and left arm.

Lan Kunyuan guessed that Chen Xiang had a good divine tool, since he could take out two pieces of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, but he was not worried, because he was strong in the first place. Even if the opponent had a good divine tool, he could still break through.

Being able to use the divine tool made Chen Xiang feel relieved. He was worried that the other party would go back on his words, so he said: "Then let’s begin!"

Lan Kunyuan took out a black long sword. This black sword was very thick and full of materials, one could tell that it was refined using a lot of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s, no wonder Lan Kunyuan insisted on using his divine weapon.

"This is Lan Kunyuan’s Sky Origin Divine Sword, which he used a total of fifty kilograms of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals to refine it. It’s said that more than ten Peak of World Defying crazy realm s died from his Sky Origin Divine Sword." Bai Ximing said.

"There were a total of ten experts who died under my sword. Even Super Yang Divine Lord who died before Bao Zou was also killed by me using a sword to stab into the head." Lan Kunyuan’s voice was filled with cold arrogance.