Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Lan Kunyuan held the Sky Origin Divine Sword tightly in his hand, it looked black, but after he injected it into the World Defying Stage Fierce Power, the body of the sword suddenly flashed, a blue electric light exploded out, like a scene where there were dense black clouds flashing.

What was even more terrifying was that the sword was trembling non-stop, as though it was roaring crazily. Waves of violent wind blew out continuously, causing Chen Xiang to almost take a few steps back.

Just this sword was filled with a threatening and wild aura, as if it contained an extremely powerful Madness soul, causing people to feel fear.

Coming to Heaven Old Super Realm, this was actually the first time Chen Xiang had met someone who made him feel fear from the bottom of his heart. Although they hadn’t started fighting yet, the opponent’s tyrannical battle intent already made him feel fear.

He gritted his teeth, trying his best to restrain the fear in his heart. Otherwise, he would lose without fighting. If he had such fear when the battle began, he would not have been able to defeat his opponent.

Seeing the fear on Chen Xiang’s face, Lan Kunyuan just smiled faintly, he knew that this kind of situation happened way too often. He was now even more sure that Chen Xiang was not his match, and had never met such a terrifying person like him.

"Very strong!" Feng Ke’er exclaimed: "Are you confident? These Gifted Fierce Fighting God are worthy of being able to kill Super Yang Divine Lord.

"I’m sure I can beat him." Chen Xiang took a deep breath. A purple light flashed in his palm and a purple sword suddenly appeared.

As everyone looked at the Purple Yang Excalibur in a daze, their hearts were filled with shock!

They all knew of this Purple Yang Excalibur!

The Purple Yang Excalibur descended from the sky before, but that place was occupied by the Super Yang Divine Lord. However, later on, that Purple Yang Excalibur was stolen, and the Super Yang Divine Lord was angry at that time, so he searched everywhere for the Purple Yang Excalibur.

Everyone never thought that the Purple Yang Excalibur was actually in Chen Xiang’s hands.

"I’m not surprised." Although Lan Kunyuan saw the Purple Yang Excalibur in Chen Xiang’s hands, he still maintained his composure, "With your concealment skills, it’s really too easy to obtain this sword."

Chen Xiang did not speak, it was not easy for him to obtain the sword. Even though he could easily enter the bonfire, it was very difficult for him to pull out the Purple Yang Excalibur.

"Purple Yang Excalibur, this is a legendary sword. If this sword were to be destroyed in my hands, it would be my honor." Lan Kunyuan’s eyes were filled with blazing light, it seemed like destroying the sword would be even more exciting than obtaining the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal.

"I won’t let you destroy this sword." Chen Xiang was currently under a lot of pressure, and everyone realized that the fear on his face had already disappeared. He had already overcome the terrifying sword intent of the Sky Origin Divine Sword.

"Then, let me see how you protect this sword." When Lan Kunyuan finished speaking, he fiercely swung out his Sky Origin Divine Sword, and as he was waving his sword, the air above Bai Mansion was shrouded by lightning that was frantically dancing.

The instant Lan Kunyuan brandished his sword, a majestic sword aura whistled out. The streaks of wildly dancing lightning were like the incarnation of countless lightning dragons, and the aura behind Lan Kunyuan was even more like a monstrous wolf formed from lightning and violent winds.

As Lan Kunyuan brandished his sword, wind and clouds surged, lightning surged up to the skies, lightning struck down in all directions, and Chen Xiang, who was standing in front of Lan Kunyuan, instantly sweated profusely. The fear that had just been suppressed in his heart suddenly surged up.

At this moment, he only felt as if he was standing in front of a giant wolf that was 100,000 feet tall.

Chen Xiang looked at the arrogant expression on Lan Kunyuan’s face, his arrogant eyes sparked with lightning, his imposing manner looked down at the world.

"Is this the Gifted Fierce Fighting God? This kind of berserk aura seemed to be born, this berserk aura was able to increase his power by several times, this is the terror of Fierce Fighting God! "

The Sky Origin Divine Sword had already slashed down, slashing towards the stunned Chen Xiang!

At the same time, Chen Xiang clearly felt death approaching. The feeling of death was so cold, so despairing, so heartless, it wanted to rob him of everything. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

In the instant of his death, a lot of things flashed past Chen Xiang’s mind. His father, his wife, his friends, as well as the various beauties in the Hundreds of Flowers Village that made him feel extremely warm.

"We can’t die!"

The impact of the complex emotions before death was like a bucket of ice-cold water that watered Chen Xiang awake, pulling him back from the abyss of fear.

The might of that sword strike was extremely terrifying, as it directly slashed towards Chen Xiang’s head. In that extremely short period of time, the Chen Xiang whose face was filled with terror, as if he had suddenly awakened from a nightmare, he fiercely waved the Purple Yang Excalibur in his hands, blocking the lightning heavy sword strike!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

A huge sound rang out in all directions, and even the ground around them was shattered by the shockwaves and sound produced by the clash of the two swords. The entire ground actually sank a few dozen feet into the ground.

Hong Qianyi was the closest to the battlefield, and he flew out with a face full of shock. He couldn’t believe that Chen Xiang had actually reacted in that instant, and had even blocked Lan Kunyuan’s terrifying strike.

What made Hong Qianyi felt the most incredulous was that the burning aura Chen Xiang emitted when he brandished his sword was the Wild Fire Sword Force, and he and Lan Kunyuan had already experienced this kind of sword force before, that Bai Xuelan could also release this kind of sword force to fight!

"A Sword Blood!" Lan Kunyuan took a few steps back, his face was full of shock: "You actually are a member of the Sword Blood s ... However, you are not the Super Yang Divine Race. Could it be that it is because of Bai Xuelan that you were able to obtain the Sword Blood’s inheritance? "

Bai Ximing who was inside the Bai Mansion was also extremely surprised, he never thought that Chen Xiang would actually have Sword Blood s, although he had seen Chen Xiang use a strong sword technique before, but he did not think that Chen Xiang was able to use a flame technique, because he knew how to use a strong flame technique.

"Something like that!" Chen Xiang was only able to match up to the other party because he had activated the Frenzy sword method in a moment of desperation.

If Chen Xiang had grasped Frenzy sword method, and if he was actually a Sword Blood, Lan Kunyuan would need to be even more vigilant.

"That’s right, I just fought with Bai Xuelan a while ago, but it’s not fun, so it’s fine." Chen Xiang smiled and said. Lan Kunyuan laughed out loud, the Battle Mad Soul inside his body continued to release the force of the battle, which was able to raise the World Defying Stage Fierce Power in his body.

...