Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was no longer afraid of the other party, and the Sword Blood in his body started to boil. Although he was not a Fierce Fighting God, his Sword Blood was still very strong, and could make up for the gap between Lan Kunyuan and himself.

To Chen Xiang, Lan Kunyuan was a Ranker who was much stronger than him, but challenging this kind of Ranker made him very excited. This allowed him to accumulate even more combat experience.

Lan Kunyuan brandished his sword again, and the world was once again shaken by his sword force as he howled. A thick layer of black clouds appeared in the sky, forming a gigantic lightning web.

This time, Lan Kunyuan rushed towards Chen Xiang, and at the same time, he thrusted the Sky Origin Divine Sword in his hand, making it seem as if he had become one with the Sky Origin Divine Sword, and the Sky Origin Divine Sword also transformed into a ray of lightning that shot towards Chen Xiang.

Lightning, man, and sword fused together at that instant, especially that tyrannical lightning energy. After it appeared, the lightning and thunder that had been violently clashing in the sky suddenly stopped.

This power was even stronger than before, but it couldn’t scare Chen Xiang!

"I’m no longer afraid of you!" Chen Xiang dodged it with a teleportation.

However, the space around him was still not stable enough, because the power of Lan Kunyuan’s sword was simply too terrifying.

"Hmph, you won’t be able to run away." Anger raged in Lan Kunyuan’s heart, and once again transformed into lightning as he charged towards Chen Xiang.

When Lan Kunyuan rushed towards Chen Xiang, his strength had increased yet again. Currently, there was not a single good spot around Bai Mansion, as it had been destroyed by the berserk Qi waves.

"Humph!" Chen Xiang let out a cold snort, and a pale golden mirror suddenly appeared in front of his chest.

It’s the Six Realms mirrors!

The reflection of the Six Realms mirrors had the ability to reflect its power, and it was not only reflecting power, it also increased the strength that was reflected back by several times.

Although Lan Kunyuan saw Chen Xiang take out something to block his chest, he could not recognize that it was made from Crystal emperor s, and he did not know how strong the Six Realms mirrors was. At the same time, he himself did not think much of it, because he had seen too many people use things to block their attacks, it was useless for him, because his strength was the strongest and nothing could stop him!

Everyone present smiled when they saw Chen Xiang take out something that looked like a shield out. They all believed that Chen Xiang was dead for sure, and they were very clear on Lan Kunyuan’s strength. With the might of his sword, Lan Kunyuan’s sword would definitely break apart that pale golden shield, and directly break through Chen Xiang’s chest, turning him into meat paste.

RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU...!

Lan Kunyuan’s Sky Origin Divine Sword had already pierced the surface of the Six Realms mirrors’s mirror, and immediately exploded with a loud sound. Chen Xiang was sent flying, and Lan Kunyuan was also sent flying!

The continuous vibrations came from different things. The greatest of them all was the explosion of the Sky Origin Divine Sword!

In the instant of the explosion just now, countless strands of electricity had shot out. No one could clearly see what had happened in the middle of the explosion. Moreover, that wild and violent aura had enveloped everything.

"The Sky Origin Divine Sword exploded!" The first one he discovered was Hong Qianyi. His face was filled with disbelief, but it was true that a fragment of the Sky Origin Divine Sword had fallen to the ground. He opened his eyes wide and looked at Chen Xiang, who had already put away the Six Realms mirrors.

After Chen Xiang was sent flying, he was also injured, but it was not as serious as Lan Kunyuan’s injury. At the moment, Lan Kunyuan no longer had the divine sword and his body had many cracks.

After Chen Xiang quickly stabilized his injuries, he anxiously teleported over, and when the people of Lan Clan saw this, they all flew out towards Lan Kunyuan, wanting to stop him!

However, Chen Xiang was the one who teleported the fastest, he instantly arrived beside Lan Kunyuan and slashed at him with the Purple Yang Excalibur in his hand. Countless gigantic fire dragons came surging out from the Purple Yang Excalibur.

The fire dragon formed from the Sun madness fire fiercely rushed towards Lan Kunyuan and poured into his body. With a boom, it burnt Lan Kunyuan’s body into ashes!

"I won!" Chen Xiang took a deep breath and shouted. He was still injured.

Chen Xiang actually killed a Gifted Fierce Fighting God that was much stronger than him, it was unbelievable!

"I will destroy you!" Just as he was about to make his move, the enchantment around Bai Mansion was suddenly put away, and over ten middle-aged men and elders rushed out, and Bai Ximing also ran out.

According to the blood contract Chen Xiang had signed with Hong Qianyi and the others, as long as Chen Xiang won, Hong Qianyi wouldn’t be able to make a move against the Bai Mansion for a year.

"Let’s go!" With an indescribable rage, he brought the people from the Heaven Old Imperial Family and left. Since the Lan Clan didn’t have Lan Kunyuan here, and they didn’t have a Fierce Fighting God on their side, they would definitely be unable to take down the Bai Family. Furthermore, the Bai Family still had the Fierce Fighting God. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"Your Bai Mansion is waiting. Our Lan Clan will definitely exterminate you." An old man from the Lan Clan said angrily. He then picked up a fragment of the Sky Origin Divine Sword and left in a rage.

After seeing them leave, Chen Xiang and Bai Ximing hurriedly returned to the Bai Mansion to open the great formation of the Bai Mansion!

"It was really thrilling, but it was not dangerous!" After Chen Xiang entered, he let out a long sigh, and revealed a slight smile: "In the end, the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals did not fall into their hands."

"Chen Xiang, you are really powerful!" Such a powerful Gifted Fierce Fighting God like that was actually killed by Chen Xiang just like that.

"How could I be powerful? If I didn’t rely on my divine artifact, I probably would have died." Chen Xiang laughed at himself.

"The fact that you have such a powerful God Equipment is also a part of your strength!" Bai Ximing thought so, "Those powerful divine tools didn’t fall from the sky. They were obtained through your means."

Chen Xiang had used a lot of Crystal emperor s on the Six Realms mirrors, and they had even been refined jointly by the Spirit of Divine Alter and Chen Cai. Naturally, they were very strong, especially when the rebound force was the most terrifying, so Chen Xiang had been waiting for him to release his strongest power.

Therefore, the Sky Origin Divine Sword that Lan Kunyuan was so proud of was blown to pieces just like that!

"Seems like I don’t have enough knowledge regarding Sword Blood." Chen Xiang shook his head and sighed. "If I didn’t rely on my divine artifact, I might not have been able to withstand a few blows, but Xue Lan can. It can be seen that Xue Lan’s grasp of the Sword Blood is much deeper than mine."

"You ..." You actually made Xue Lan secretly give you a bit of the Sword Blood, and you even succeeded in making the Sword Blood fuse with you! To be honest, our Bai Family has done this kind of thing many times, but never succeeded. " Bai Ximing was still curious about this matter. He wanted to know how Chen Xiang succeeded in the end.