Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang’s Sword Blood was indeed obtained from Bai Xuelan, so he did not deny it. He smiled and said, "Actually, I was only able to fuse with the Sword Blood because of some strange circumstances. The process of me fusing with the Sword Blood was also not easy ..."

Bai Ximing was extremely concerned about Chen Xiang fusing with the Sword Blood. He wanted to know how Chen Xiang succeeded.

"In the end, when did Xue Lan give you the Sword Blood? Since she was able to make you a Sword Blood, she must give you quite a few of them." Bai Ximing thought this was not strange, because Sword Blood s could only awaken and obtain Frenzy sword method when they had a lot of Sword Blood.

"Of course not, she didn’t give me too many Sword Blood!" Now, Chen Xiang did not plan to hide this matter from others, but he did not want too many people to know that he brought Bai Ximing to a secret room.

Bai Ximing knew that this kind of matter was very important, so he did it very well. The moment he entered this secret room, he set up a few soundproof enchantments.

"You should also know that when Xue Lan gave the Sword Blood to me, she gave me a bowl of Sword Blood back when we were in Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa." Chen Xiang said: "I am using this bowl of Sword Blood to make me into the person of Sword Blood."

Bai Ximing was startled, he of course remembered this matter. At that time, he was very curious about how Chen Xiang would deal with this bowl of blood, he never expected that it would be used by Chen Xiang to fuse with this bowl of blood.

"Of course, this bowl of blood was refined by me. It was rather difficult for me to refine it." Chen Xiang said: "At that time, I also had the attitude of giving it a try, I never thought that it would actually succeed in the end. As for whether it would succeed in the future, I’m not sure."

"It won’t be easy." Bai Ximing shook his head: "Perhaps this is your lucky chance, because in the history of our Bai Family, there were also people from the Sword Blood that allowed others to fuse with them. It is said that at that time, he used a large vat of Sword Blood, but in the end, he did not succeed."

Although Bai Ximing also wanted to become a Sword Blood, he felt that it would definitely not be easy.

It was recorded in the history books of their Bai Family that because they tried it, it caused many geniuses to be destroyed. Some died while some were heavily injured, but many of the people who participated in the trials did not have good results, so after that, the Bai Family did not dare to try it again.

Chen Xiang actually still wanted to give it a try, but he was clear about the risks involved. If there was a sudden situation, only he could deal with it.

"Brother Bai, how about I get Xue Lan to give me another bowl of blood, then I’ll use that bowl of blood to refine a pill for you. Perhaps you can succeed, but there will be some wind." Chen Xiang said: "But you don’t have to worry, even though there are risks, this kind of situation shouldn’t happen."

Chen Xiang was fairly confident in his pill concocting abilities.

"Is that really okay?" Bai Ximing’s heart moved, he really wanted to give it a try. If Bai Family had one more Sword Blood, his strength would definitely increase by leaps and bounds, and even if they met another Gifted Fierce Fighting God that attacked them in the future, they wouldn’t sit still and wait for death like today.

"Try to control yourself. In short, I will do my best to prevent you from getting hurt. Even if you fail, nothing will happen to you." Chen Xiang said, "Let’s go, we will go find Xue Lan now."

Bai Xuelan was Bai Ximing’s younger sister. As they were blood related, logically speaking, their fusing would be even smoother, which was why Chen Xiang had some confidence. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Bai Xuelan was still in closed-door training to heal her injuries, but it wasn’t a closed door cultivation. Therefore, when Chen Xiang and Bai Ximing came to find her, she was able to immediately come out.

When Chen Xiang saw Bai Xuelan, he could not help but be shocked. Bai Xuelan’s face was as pale as paper.

"You’re hurt so badly!" Chen Xiang said as he frowned.

"Elder Brother Shen, you’re here ... "What’s the situation outside?" Earlier, when Bai Xuelan was recuperating, he had also sensed some activity outside the Bai Mansion. She had been very worried, so when Bai Ximing came earlier, she had hurriedly ran out.

For some reason, when she saw Chen Xiang coming, she felt extremely at ease.

"It’s fine for now, but your situation isn’t good." Chen Xiang said.

"I made Elder Brother Shen worry." Bai Xuelan faintly sighed, and said in a low voice: "I’m really useless.

"Don’t say that, you’re very strong." Chen Xiang laughed: "I was almost killed by Lan Kunyuan."

Bai Xuelan frowned, her haggard face was filled with worry, but at the same time, it revealed killing intent. She did not expect Lan Kunyuan to actually make a move on her.

"I will definitely kill this bastard!" Bai Xuelan’s current performance was extremely cold.

Bai Ximing laughed: No need, this fellow has already been killed by Chen Xiang! We’ll talk inside! "

After entering the room, Bai Ximing told Bai Xuelan what had happened. When Bai Xuelan found out that Lan Kunyuan had killed Lan Kunyuan, he was extremely shocked and impressed.

"Brother Bai, why don’t I help Xue Lan heal her injuries first? We can talk about it after she recovers. It will take about a day." Chen Xiang said.

Bai Ximing nodded, he also planned to let Chen Xiang use Time Domain on him, as this would allow Bai Xuelan to recover from his injuries in a short period of time.

Chen Xiang used the Triple time field on Bai Xuelan, and himself was very willing to give him 75 years of time in one day.

A day’s time quickly passed by. Chen Xiang was using her Time Domain outside, but time flew by very quickly outside. However, it was very slow inside, which was why the power of time was so strong.

Bai Xuelan had long since recovered from her injuries, and she still used the remaining time to cultivate to familiarize herself with the Frenzy sword method, so when she came out, it startled Chen Xiang.

"In the future, the number of Fierce Fighting God s that return from the Myriad Tao will grow more and more. I must become stronger." After Bai Xuelan came out from the Time Domain, her cold and beautiful face was filled with determination.

Chen Xiang nodded, and said: "Right, I have something to tell you, it concerns the Sword Blood ...."

After that, Chen Xiang told Bai Xuelan about him possessing a Sword Blood, but when Bai Xuelan found out, she was not surprised at all. She smiled lightly: "Actually, I already knew this a long time ago, Elder Brother Shen you possess a Sword Blood. I can sense it, but I’m not very sure, I never expected that it was actually true."

Chen Xiang smiled and said: "Xue Lan, now I need another bowl of blood from you. I want to try and see if I can make your brother become a person of Sword Blood as well."

"No problem, I’m fully recovered now. You can even take a jar of blood." Bai Xuelan said.

Chen Xiang took out a bowl and started to bleed.

"If your brother had also become a Sword Blood, he would definitely not be as strong as you." Chen Xiang said: "Like me, my control of the Sword Blood is far inferior to yours. This is mainly because I have already learned a lot of things before, so it is hard to avoid being not specialized enough when learning Frenzy sword method. Your brother is also in the same situation! And you haven’t learned anything before. "

Bai Xuelan did not understand all this, she just shook her head and said: "But no matter what, as long as my brother can become strong, then I will guide him in cultivating the Frenzy sword method."