Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Xuelan also hoped that Bai Ximing would own a Sword Blood, at that time, it would be able to add another force to Bai Family, so she, Bai Xuelan, wouldn’t have too much pressure. In the entire Bai Family, only she could go against that kind of Gifted Fierce Fighting God!

Bai Xuelan placed a bowl of blood in front of Chen Xiang and after Chen Xiang carefully looked at it, he exclaimed: "Your blood is currently much stronger than the ones before, you’ve improved really quickly!"

"Isn’t the reason why I’m able to progress so fast all because of the Elder Brother Shen’s Time Domain? This is enough to buy me a lot of time." Bai Xuelan smiled sweetly: "Elder Brother Shen, you are already very strong yourself, and your pill refining skills are even more brilliant. This is something that many people cannot directly see, if they knew that you have a very strong pill refining skills, they might respect you a little."

Towards this kind of matter, Chen Xiang shook his head and laughed, because even though he did not look like a great grandmaster on the outside, he was, after all, very young.

There was one thing that he did not need to doubt, Chen Xiang’s pill refining skills were far stronger than his combat abilities.

"I’m going to start concocting pills. I should be able to succeed very soon." Chen Xiang entering into a secret room was only a test, this kind of test was only an accumulation of experience for him.

There were many situations like bloodline inheritance. If he could succeed in this, then when he met this situation again in the future, he would be able to use this method to help others inherit the bloodline inheritance that was hard to come by.

This was also a new realm for Alchemist.

He had previously refined Sword Blood, and at that time, because he did not have a very good pill furnace, his refining did not go smoothly. Now that he had a Tianchuang furnace that was refined into a Tianchuang furnace, he did not have to worry about it at all.

"Now, even if I use the Crash method, I don’t have to worry about it exploding." Chen Xiang smiled at Feng Ke’er: "In the future, when we refine pills, we won’t need to work so hard."

When using the Crash method, Chen Xiang was most worried about damaging the furnace, so in the moment of impact, he needed to release a very strong force to seal the burst of energy, and also needed to protect the entire furnace from the force of the explosion.

He had refined Tianchuang furnace before, so after he used Crash method, he did not need to worry about his furnace getting damaged anymore. "From now on, you need to use your Crash method often." Feng Ke’er laughed: "Crash method is a very good pill technique."

Chen Xiang was very much in favor of this idea. Although it was very berserk, it had a very good effect on raising the quality of the medicinal ingredients and energy.

Now, Chen Xiang will coordinate with the derivation method to use it together!

Very quickly, Chen Xiang unleashed his Crash method, and in the moment of impact, the entire pill furnace only shook for a moment, not a single sound could be heard. It was extremely quiet, the Tianchuang furnace’s ability to absorb a large amount of energy was astonishing Chen Xiang, if it was in the past, the moment of impact would cause Chen Xiang and Feng Ke’er to panic.

"The Crystal emperor s of the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals are just not the same!" Feng Ke’er laughed: "You forgot to give the Crystal emperor Bai Xuelan, it can raise her strength!"

"I haven’t forgotten. I just feel that she doesn’t need the Crystal emperor anymore." Chen Xiang said: "In the Frenzy sword method, there is a method where Sword Blood s are taught to use their own life force to condense Crystal emperor. The process is extremely complicated, but the process is extremely useful, and can let people gain experience."

"If Bai Xuelan wants to become a true Sword Blood, she definitely would not want it."

Bai Xuelan did not need this kind of external force like him. Bai Xuelan was a person who focused on training the sword, so she would definitely be able to obtain the Crystal emperor through the Frenzy sword method.

The reason why Chen Xiang had to use the Time Domain, was so that he could refine it for a month, and for such a long period of time, was to allow Bai Ximing to become a Sword Blood more stably.

Chen Xiang came out of the secret room and went to look for Bai Ximing.

"Brother Bai, I’ve finished refining it."

Bai Ximing was currently in his own courtyard with Bai Xuelan.

"Elder Brother Shen!" When Bai Xuelan saw Chen Xiang, he immediately greeted him in a soft voice.

Bai Ximing was extremely excited at the moment, and quickly took the small jade box from Chen Xiang. Inside, there was a Sword Blood pill, if this Sword Blood pill could help a person become a Sword Blood, then that pill would be extremely valuable. If someone knew that there was such a pill, they would definitely go crazy for it.

It had to be known, becoming a Fierce Fighting God was extremely difficult, and eating pills was impossible. It required a lot of luck to fuse with the World Defying Stage Fierce Fighting Soul, and the Sword Blood that could compare to it were the Sword Blood.

Whoever became a Sword Blood would have the same strength as the Fierce Fighting God!

"Right, didn’t three Gifted Fierce Fighting God s get rid of the Super Yang Divine Lord back then? The one in Heaven Old Imperial Family is Hong Qianyi, the one in Lan Clan is Lan Kunyuan, what about the other one? " Chen Xiang asked.

"The other one is from the Qin family. It’s a woman!" Bai Xuelan frowned: "She is very strong, I heard she is on par with Hong Qianyi."

Bai Xuelan was extremely concerned about the Gifted Fierce Fighting God of the Qin family, because she was a woman herself. It was rare for her to meet a strong female like her, who was at the same age as her. Chen Xiang laughed: "No wonder she didn’t come here with Lan Kunyuan and Hong Qianyi."

"That’s for sure. She went to deal with the Super Yang Divine Lord only for the Purple Yang Excalibur." Bai Xuelan said: "Qin Shuang believes that the Super Yang Divine Lord’s Purple Yang Excalibur was stolen. That’s why she believed that the Super Yang Divine Lord did not use the Purple Yang Excalibur when they were fighting." Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Chen Xiang laughed: "Looks like Qin Shuang will find this place soon."

Bai Ximing and Bai Xuelan looked at each other and nodded. Bai Ximing said, "Let’s remember this matter from before. At that time, it might not just be the Gifted Fierce Fighting God Qin Shuang ... If the people from Myriad Tao knew the Purple Yang Excalibur was with you, it would probably be very lively. "

The Purple Yang Excalibur was a sword that the Super Yang Old Ancestor liked a lot, and it was said that the Purple Yang Excalibur was related to the treasures in the Purple Yang Divine Palace!

Chen Xiang could not help but laugh bitterly, he had already obtained the treasures inside the Purple Yang Excalibur, and when he obtained them, he was even seen by the large group of powerful Thief Race people. He felt that it wouldn’t be long before the Thief King knew that he was hiding in the Heaven Old Super Realm.

"Are Purple Yang Excalibur really that attractive?" Chen Xiang felt that the Purple Yang Excalibur was not the strongest, at least not as strong as his own Heavenly magic sword.

When Purple Yang Excalibur were refining, they did not have any Crystal emperor, but they were refined using a lot of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals. The quality was not bad though, and there were even swords made from Crystal emperor, but only a few had them, and they were extremely secretive!