Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

But for most people, using a piece of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal to refine a Divine Artifact was very good, and Chen Xiang had a large amount of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, so he could still use the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals to refine Crystal emperor s. Thus, he did not feel that the Purple Yang Excalibur was very strong, the only thing that could attract him was the treasures within. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"Of course, Purple Yang Excalibur are extremely famous." Bai Xuelan said: "Oh right, I have never seen a Purple Yang Excalibur before, can you show it to me, Elder Brother Shen?"

"Of course you can!" Chen Xiang took out the Purple Yang Excalibur and passed it to Bai Xuelan.

After Bai Xuelan received the sword, he gently stroked the Purple Yang Excalibur’s body that was flowing with a purple luster. She frowned: This sword is very strange, even though it’s in my hands, but I feel that this sword is extremely repulsive to me, and I am unable to imbue any World Defying Stage Fierce Power into it!

Chen Xiang laughed: "Do you really think that the sword belongs to the Super Yang Divine Lord?"

"Isn’t it?" Bai Xuelan said: "At that time, the Super Yang Divine Lord was advertising everywhere that someone stole his Purple Yang Excalibur."

"Of course not." Chen Xiang snorted, and told Bai Xuelan about how he obtained the Purple Yang Excalibur.

After hearing it, Bai Xuelan suddenly realized, "No wonder ... So it turns out that this sword only recognizes its master, and you have obtained his approval, so you are able to control it. "

"Yes!"

Bai Xuelan returned the Purple Yang Excalibur back to Chen Xiang and said: "I estimate that I must have used at least five hundred kilograms of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals to refine this Purple Yang Excalibur. Even if I am unable to obtain the approval of this sword and was unable to unleash the sword’s power, but to use it in battle, I can still destroy quite a few weapons."

"If you were to meet someone like you from the Sword Blood or a Gifted Fierce Fighting God, it would be useless." Chen Xiang shook his head and laughed. Previously, when he used the Berserk Fire Sword Handle to fight, he could use an ordinary divine sword to destroy the divine sword refined by his opponent’s Myriad Tao Divine Soil.

"That’s right." Bai Xuelan laughed: "The Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal you gave me earlier has already been refined by me into a sword of life. Even though it’s just a piece of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal, my sword of life is extremely powerful, if not I would have definitely died at Hong Qianyi’s hands."

"I’ll go eat this Sword Blood pellet first." Bai Ximing was already impatient, he chuckled: "I will definitely succeed."

Because there was an example of Chen Xiang’s success, Bai Ximing felt that it was very likely that he would succeed. After all, he was Bai Xuelan’s older brother.

After Bai Ximing entered the secret room, Chen Xiang and Bai Xuelan were outside discussing about the Frenzy sword method. Bai Xuelan had a unique explanation for the Frenzy sword method.

"The most powerful part of the Frenzy sword method is not those sword moves, but the sword aura, sword aura and sword aura released by the Sun madness fire. These are all formed from absorbing the Sun madness fire’s power." Bai Xuelan said: "Especially sword force, if I can control it well, then my sword of life will become invincible."

"I did not cultivate the sword of life." Chen Xiang said: "It is possible that I will never cultivate again, I have already missed that opportunity."

"sword of life need to be tempered with sword energy. This will take many years, so you still have a chance." Bai Xuelan laughed: "I’ll teach you what to do! Take out the Purple Yang Excalibur. Your Purple Yang Excalibur is already very strong, so if you temper it with the Raging Flame Sword Force, it will definitely become stronger. "

"I don’t want to use Purple Yang Excalibur. Purple Yang Excalibur are more special." Chen Xiang said as he took out the Heavenly magic sword.

Bai Xuelan looked at the Heavenly magic sword and only thought that it was not bad. It gave her a strong feeling, but he didn’t realize that the Heavenly magic sword was refined from Crystal emperor.

After that, under Bai Xuelan’s guidance, Chen Xiang kept the Heavenly magic sword into his own body, made it become very small, and suspended in his dantian. Then, he started to circulate the Sun madness fire, and began to condense the Berserk Flame Sword’s power.

"Try your best to control the Raging Flame Sword’s aura and let the sword aura enter your dantian. If your sword of life is able to absorb it, it will be proof that you have integrated well with it." Bai Xuelan said.

"Xue Lan, can I use the power of the sword to refine two sword of life?" As Chen Xiang spoke, he took out the Purple Yang Excalibur and then controlled it to enter his dantian.

Originally, he did not plan to refine the Purple Yang Excalibur but he had already developed a very close relationship with it. When he was refining the Heavenly magic sword just now, he vaguely felt that the Purple Yang Excalibur was feeling jealous.

Before Bai Xuelan could reply, he succeeded.

"You actually have two sword of life!" Bai Xuelan was the most sensitive to swords, she could feel that the two swords in Chen Xiang’s Dantian were greedily absorbing the Raging Flame Sword Force released by Chen Xiang.

"Isn’t that possible?" Chen Xiang was a little suspicious, because he found it extremely easy to reach this step.

"Of course not... However, you did it. " Bai Xuelan felt that it was unbelievable, at least she could not do it: "Looks like the relationship between you and the two swords is very close. Generally, there is no room for two tigers in the same mountain, the two sword of life s will fight, but on your body, they can coexist harmoniously."

"Hehe!" Chen Xiang laughed: "The women around me are also like that, so dealing with these two swords is not really worth it!"

This was the first time she heard Chen Xiang talking about her own family matters. She was rather curious about Chen Xiang’s family matters, after all, she was a woman, so they were all very gossipy.

"Elder Brother Shen, you are truly a romantic person." Bai Xuelan scoffed.

Chen Xiang only smiled without saying a word. He really missed the beautiful women in Hundreds of Flowers Village.

"There’s something wrong with the Purple Yang Excalibur!" Chen Xiang suddenly shouted: "It’s shaking, what’s going on?"

Chen Xiang had no choice but to take out the Purple Yang Excalibur s and hold them tightly in his hands: "Could it be that he is incompatible with my other sword."

Just a moment ago, he was still complacent, but he suddenly felt this Purple Yang Excalibur was angry.

"No, my sword of life is also truthful!" Bai Xuelan’s expression was solemn as he looked in a direction: "Over there, a very powerful divine sword has appeared. Our sword of life should have sensed the approaching powerful sword force and issued a warning to us."

"Who could it be?" When Chen Xiang asked this, Bai Xuelan had already flown to the main entrance of the Bai Mansion, and that wave of sword force was coming from that direction.

"Qin Shuang, it’s most likely her! Hong Qianyi cannot do anything to the Bai Mansion, and only Qin Shuang has such power, and the Qin family is also a family of the sword clan. " Bai Xuelan opened the door of Bai Mansion, and saw a large group of people flying from afar.

"Hong Qianyi also came. This guy should be here to watch the show." Chen Xiang cursed in his heart. There were a lot of people who came this time, and they must have known that Qin Shuang was coming here to collect swords, so they came to join in on the fun.