Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

It was rumored that Qin Shuang’s strength was comparable to Hong Qianyi’s, and was much stronger than Lan Kunyuan’s from before. Previous Chapter

Amongst the Super Yang Divine Race, the entire strength of the Sword Clan was the strongest, so none of the Sword Clan Gifted Fierce Fighting God s could be underestimated, if not for Chen Xiang using the Six Realms mirrors s to catch them off guard, he would not have been able to win.

knew this, but he was not worried, because he did not even need to go up on stage. Bai Xuelan had already recovered from his injuries, and had even used Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals to cultivate his sword of life, so even if he did not have any chance of winning against Qin Shuang, he would not lose.

Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang arrived at the main entrance of the Bai Mansion, opened the door, and saw that the plaza outside was already filled with people, and in front of this group of people, there was a lady with a ponytail wearing tight white clothes who held a cold unsheathed sword. Her expression was cold, and her entire body was emitting a threatening killing intent, causing people to feel a cold killing intent.

The lady was Qin Shuang, she was dressed up like that, although her demeanor was cold and merciless, she was extremely beautiful. She was not the kind of lady who looked cold and elegant, but was instead the type of woman who was filled with arrogance and killing intent.

Seeing Qin Shuang, Chen Xiang’s heart jumped. If he could, he was extremely unwilling to fight with this woman, and looked extremely terrifying, especially when her sword of life was out of its sheath. That sword looked like an ordinary sword, but to be able to be used by Qin Shuang, it must be extraordinary.

"You are Chen Xiang?" Qin Shuang asked Chen Xiang in a emotionless voice when he saw Chen Xiang and Bai Xuelan come out.

"Yes, what can I do for you?" Chen Xiang nodded, they were currently inside the enchantment of the Bai Mansion.

Chen Xiang looked around. There were a lot of people joining in on the fun, but he could tell that some of them were not here to join in the fun, for example, the people from Heaven Old Imperial Family. One look was enough to tell that they were attacking the Bai Mansion, and that they were only waiting for the right opportunity.

And there was also the Lan Clan!

Lan Clan was killed by Chen Xiang, it was impossible for them not to hate Chen Xiang, and Chen Xiang was now a guest of Bai Mansion, if they wanted to kill Chen Xiang, they had to first take over Bai Mansion, this was not easy, they had to cooperate with Heaven Old Imperial Family.

And Heaven Old Imperial Family’s Gifted Fierce Fighting God’s could not do anything! Hong Qianyi’s strength was extremely terrifying, but because he had signed a blood contract with Chen Xiang, he was unable to lay his hands on either Chen Xiang or the Bai Mansion for a year, and could only watch from the side.

Previously, even if there was Hong Qianyi and Lan Kunyuan, they would not be able to take Bai Mansion down so easily, furthermore, Bai Xuelan had already recovered, and Hong Qianyi could not make a move. After Lan Kunyuan was killed, they could only look at Qin Shuang if they wanted to take Bai Family down.

When Chen Xiang saw Qin Shuang, although he was somewhat fearful of this woman, he didn’t know why but he felt an inexplicable sense of relief. It was because he felt that this kind of woman would not be easily manipulated by his clan’s power.

Perhaps, Qin Shuang had only come here for him, and not the Qin Family, Heaven Old Imperial Family, and Lan Clan.

"I only want Purple Yang Excalibur!" Qin Shuang answered simply.

This was exactly as Chen Xiang had guessed, Qin Shuang had only come for him!

Bai Xuelan had told Chen Xiang that the only reason why Qin Shuang had teamed up with Lan Kunyuan and the others to deal with the Super Yang Divine Lord was because of the Purple Yang Excalibur.

"What, is the sword in your hand bad? Why do you want my Purple Yang Excalibur? I see that the sword in your hand is also your sword of life, you should treat him well and take it seriously, you can’t have any other thoughts, it’s not good for your cultivation. " Chen Xiang laughed, looking extremely relaxed.

When the crowd saw that Chen Xiang was actually talking to Qin Shuang with a cheeky smile, they couldn’t help but break out in a cold sweat for Chen Xiang. They all knew very well what kind of woman Qin Shuang was.

Qin Shuang hated people who dilly-dally in front of her the most, and hated people who used this tone to talk to her the most.

"Are you going to give it to me?" Qin Shuang did not have much patience. Her few words revealed endless coldness and killing intent, and her pair of emotionless eyes even caused Chen Xiang’s heart to thump loudly.

Chen Xiang had to admit, Qin Shuang’s attainments in the way of the sword was extremely high, and that gaze just now made him feel as if a sword had pierced through his weak point.

"I worked hard to get the Purple Yang Excalibur, why should I give it to you?" Chen Xiang snorted, like a spoiled child, she turned her head and said: "No, if I don’t give it to you, I won’t give it to you, what can you do to me?"

After he finished speaking, he even made a face at Qin Shuang with no regards to his life!

Although Qin Shuang didn’t seem to have any expression on her face, the anger in her heart was like a fiercely erupting volcano.

Bai Xuelan didn’t know whether to laugh or cry from the side. She was very clear about Qin Shuang’s personality, she didn’t think that Chen Xiang would actually be so funny.

"The Purple Yang Excalibur is mine, I can’t give it to you. Return to where you came from." Chen Xiang snorted.

"Then what do I need to do before you give me the Purple Yang Excalibur?" Qin Shuang had arrived here very early on, and looked at the Bai Mansion’s barrier. If she were to take action by herself, it would take a long time to destroy the barrier, and by then, she would have already expended a lot of energy. When Bai Xuelan and Chen Xiang joined hands, she had no chance of winning at all. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

He didn’t know why, but Purple Yang Excalibur seemed to be extremely important to Qin Shuang. From her attitude, she definitely had to obtain this Purple Yang Excalibur.

"Marry me. As my woman, I might lend it to you to play for a few days." Just as Chen Xiang finished speaking, the cold sword in his hand suddenly flew out, flying towards Chen Xiang.

However, the Bai Mansion had a barrier, if she released the sword of life, it would only scare Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang was truly frightened, he retreated a few steps and his face turned white, although the sword was blocked by the enchantment, but the terrifying sword force that exploded out pierced through the enchantment and struck at his soul.

"Dad, you scared me to death!" Chen Xiang patted his chest, and panted heavily: "If you scare me to death, you will never think of obtaining a Purple Yang Excalibur in your life!"

Many people here had never seen Chen Xiang before, but now that they saw that Chen Xiang was actually such a reckless person, they couldn’t help but admire him in their hearts. He actually dared to tease the Evil Woman God, Qin Shuang.

"You want to obtain the Purple Yang Excalibur, but the Purple Yang Excalibur was something that I had to spend a lot of effort to obtain." Chen Xiang suddenly became serious and said earnestly: "At that time, when I tricked the Super Yang Divine Lord into leaving, I entered the fire and spent all my effort to fuse this Purple Yang Excalibur. The Purple Yang Excalibur had already approved of me, so I cannot give it to you."