Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Shuang listened and frowned: "Are you saying that the Purple Yang Excalibur was not in the hands of the Super Yang Divine Lord before?"

"Of course, although the Super Yang Divine Lord was killed by your combined forces, you should know his strength very well. If the Purple Yang Excalibur is in his hands, how do you think I should be able to steal it?" Chen Xiang curled his lips and said: "Your strength should be on par with the Super Yang Divine Lord, do you think it’s possible for me to obtain your sword of life from you?"

"The Purple Yang Excalibur had never belonged to the Super Yang Divine Lord. It was just that when it fell from the sky and ’stabbed’ into the ground, the Super Yang Divine Lord took over that place. The Purple Yang Excalibur did not even approve of him and he could not pull the Purple Yang Excalibur out. Advertising) -- "Chen Xiang thought back to the expression he had when he had obtained the Purple Yang Excalibur, and sighed:" The process of me obtaining the Purple Yang Excalibur was extremely painful, even if I were to give you the Purple Yang Excalibur now, this sword would still die, because it doesn’t approve of you.

"Take out the Purple Yang Excalibur. I will know when I see it." Qin Shuang suddenly started to believe in Chen Xiang’s words.

Chen Xiang took out the Purple Yang Excalibur. A strange color suddenly appeared in Qin Shuang’s cold and emotionless eyes, causing people to feel that the Purple Yang Excalibur was her life, as if it was everything to them.

"What’s with this woman!" Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to Bai Xuelan, "Xue Lan, did you see it just now?"

"I saw it. She must have something to do with this sword." Bai Xuelan replied.

Qin Shuang said: "This sword does indeed approve of you, but you can still give this sword to me, I have a way to make him acknowledge me."

"No, why should I give it to you?" Chen Xiang snorted: "I worked so hard to obtain it, why are you giving it to me just because you said so?"

An old man from the Qin family suddenly spoke: "The Purple Yang Excalibur is the sword of our Super Yang Old Ancestor, only the people from our Super Yang Divine Race are qualified to have it, and you are not a member of the Super Yang Divine Race, so you should naturally return it to us?"

"Since your Super Yang Divine Race has the qualifications to obtain it, then why didn’t this sword directly land in your house, and was instead obtained by me?" Chen Xiang sneered: "Since I am able to obtain this Purple Yang Excalibur, it means that I am fated to be able to obtain it. As long as there is fate, so what if I don’t have the Super Yang Divine Race’s bloodline? Also, even if I have to ’hand’ the person back to the Super Yang Divine Race, I am also the person who gave this Sword Blood to Bai Xuelan. "Please take a look at this book."

The old man was furious, he wanted to rush over and slap Chen Xiang’s face, but he was only thinking about it, even Qin Shuang was unable to instantly break the Bai Mansion’s enchantment, let alone him.

"How about this, you fight with me for a round. As long as you win, I won’t ask for Purple Yang Excalibur s from you anymore." Qin Shuang said: "You were previously willing to fight with Lan Kunyuan, now you don’t mind competing with me, right?"

"Of course I do!" Chen Xiang chuckled: "After fighting with such a ’bewitching beauty’ like you, I’m worried that even if I can’t bring out my true strength, I won’t be able to do it. I’ll definitely lose!"

Chen Xiang stroked his chin, using an extremely coquettish gaze, with a mischievous smile on his face, he spoke while smiling.

Bai Xuelan rolled her eyes at him. She didn’t think that Chen Xiang was actually such a person.

"Lan Kunyuan died unjustly. If he was a beauty, then he wouldn’t have to die." Bai Xuelan snorted, when the people of Lan Clan heard it, their faces turned red and then white.

Lan Kunyuan’s death was the real pain of the Lan Clan, and now that Bai Xuelan was using his death to tease them, it made them angry and anxious. However, they could only glare angrily at Bai Xuelan, as they could do nothing at all.

Right now, they only hoped that Qin Shuang could obtain the Purple Yang Excalibur from Chen Xiang, so that way, Chen Xiang’s strength would be weakened.

Qin Shuang took a deep breath, only then could she suppress the anger in her heart, if not she would scare Chen Xiang again.

"Tell me, what must I do before you agree to give me the Purple Yang Excalibur?" Qin Shuang’s voice carried a slight roar.

"It’s impossible to fight you because I can’t beat you." Chen Xiang spread out his hands: "And I cannot give you the Purple Yang Excalibur, this sword is extremely important to me, it is impossible for me to give it to you, this is impossible!"

Chen Xiang looked at Bai Xuelan, and said: "Xue Lan, I’ll hand this over to you. I’m afraid I’ll be scared to death if I were to go back and rest!"

"Wait!" Qin Shuang suddenly shouted.

Chen Xiang had just turned around, and when he heard Qin Shuang’s shout, he anxiously turned around and said impatiently: "What do you want now? Don’t think about scaring me again, I’m not afraid of you. "

"If you compete with me in sword techniques, as long as I am unable to defeat you within ten swords, it would count as my loss." Qin Shuang said: "If I lose, you can do whatever you want. If I defeat you within ten swords, I will give the Purple Yang Excalibur to me."

From Qin Shuang’s expression, it was obvious that he had made a very difficult decision. Chen Xiang thought for a bit, because he had room to consider.

"You come out and fight with me, I, Qin Shuang, swear with my life that I won’t do anything to the Bai Mansion. Even if you lose, I promise I won’t kill you, and I won’t let anyone hurt you, nor will I let anyone harm the Bai Mansion. I only want the Purple Yang Excalibur."

Qin Shuang’s current condition could be said to be extremely disadvantageous for her, but she was so firm and confident. At the same time, she could tell that she was willing to sacrifice everything for the Purple Yang Excalibur, and she could even become the enemy of everyone else present.

Especially Heaven Old Imperial Family and Lan Clan, they were still letting Qin Shuang deal with him earlier, but if Chen Xiang agreed to it, no matter if he won or lost, Bai Family would be able to rest easy.

"If you don’t trust me, you can sign the blood contract." Qin Shuang said again. Seeing that Chen Xiang was thinking about it, she secretly rejoiced, because it was possible.

"How do we determine victory or defeat?" Chen Xiang asked: "I am not that easy to kill!"

"First of all, you can only use the sword." Qin Shuang said: "I know you have a powerful defensive divine tool, if you use it, I might not be able to defeat you even after a hundred strikes."

Chen Xiang considered for a moment, then nodded his head: "This is not a problem, as long as I can endure ten of your strikes, I think it will be very easy."

"Second, you cannot use Spatial Force to teleport. Because if you keep dodging, it will be very difficult for me to only be able to display my strength in the ten strikes." Seeing Chen Xiang nod his head, Qin Shuang was surprised. She thought Chen Xiang would refuse. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Chen Xiang rubbed his chin, frowning as he considered: "There’s no problem with this ... "But I’m a bit worried that you will kill me when the time comes."

"I will absolutely not kill you. I have the confidence that I can only defeat you with ten strikes." Qin Shuang said: "Purple Yang Excalibur are very important to me, I will definitely keep my promise, furthermore, we will sign the blood contract, so you don’t have to worry about this."

"Then how can I be considered to have lost?" Chen Xiang laughed: "If you don’t kill me, I won’t admit defeat."

"When the time comes, we will all use swords. As long as I knock the sword out of your hand, you will be considered to have lost. If I am unable to do it within ten swords, then I will lose!" On the other hand, if you are able to counterattack within ten strikes of my sword and take down my sword, then you can be considered to have lost. " Qin Shuang said, the rule she formulated made everyone feel that it was more acceptable.

...