Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang looked at Bai Xuelan. Bai Xuelan had a better understanding of Qin Shuang, and Bai Xuelan also had a certain understanding of his strength, so he hoped that Bai Xuelan could give him some advice. Almost all the books he wanted to read were here, and they were much faster and more stable than the average station. There were no ads in the entire text.]

"If you win, what are you going to do with her?" Bai Xuelan stared at Chen Xiang and sent a sound transmission to him.

"I haven’t thought about it yet!" Chen Xiang laughed: "But I have a good chance of winning against you, if I win, hehe."

"Alright, then you can try. At most, you will only lose Purple Yang Excalibur s. You still have a powerful sword in your hand, right?" Bai Xuelan was talking about Heavenly magic sword. From what she knew, Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword was definitely not weaker than Purple Yang Excalibur.

Chen Xiang said to Qin Shuang: "Alright, I agree. We will compete as agreed!"

Chen Xiang agreed, and a flurry of discussion erupted because from the rules just now, it seemed like Qin Shuang had a higher chance of winning, he was extremely strong, just like Hong Qianyi, and hitting the sword out of Chen Xiang’s hands within ten swords, was not a very difficult thing.

"If it were me, I would be able to do it with five moves." Hong Qianyi snorted in a low voice: "He doesn’t need to use the power of space to teleport, and he doesn’t need to use that damned mirror either. This isn’t difficult at all." "Please take a look at this book."

There was a sour tone in Hong Qianyi’s tone, perhaps because he hated himself for not being a woman, or else he would have taken advantage of her. However, he thought that the reason Chen Xiang agreed to Qin Shuang’s request was because Qin Shuang was a very beautiful woman, even though she looked cold and indifferent.

Many people thought so too. When Chen Xiang appeared before, he continuously used frivolous words to provoke Qin Shuang, and no matter how one looked at it, he seemed like a pervert. Everyone felt that Chen Xiang must have wanted to win, and then, he must have done something shameful to Qin Shuang.

Chen Xiang looked at the crowd’s questioning and snorted, saying in a low voice: "This group of people, truly think only of a petty person."

Bai Xuelan chuckled: "It’s your fault that you don’t look like a good person."

Of course, Qin Shuang heard the discussions of the crowd, but after she gave them a cold glance, the rest of them did not dare make a sound, especially the few that did not care about their lives, who actually said that they wanted to seduce Chen Xiang to compete with her, this made her the most furious.

When those people saw her, their souls almost flew out of their bodies. Their bodies went limp on the ground and they wouldn’t be able to recover for a few days.

"Alright, let’s sign the contract now." Chen Xiang said to Qin Shuang. Everyone felt that Qin Shuang’s victory was already in their grasp, but they did not know that Chen Xiang was the same.

Chen Xiang possessed the Sword Blood and grasped the Frenzy sword method, many people knew of this matter. However, Hong Qianyi had seen Chen Xiang’s Berserk Fire Sword Force before, he felt that he was far inferior to Qin Shuang, so his analysis was acknowledged by everyone.

"Chen Xiang’s Sword Blood isn’t the purest type, so he doesn’t control the Frenzy sword method and the Sword Blood well, and is unable to unleash their true strength." Hong Qianyi said: "Only that fellow Lan Kunyuan was careless. If I had crossed blows with Chen Xiang back then, he would not be standing here right now."

Hong Qianyi’s voice was filled with arrogance, as though defeating Chen Xiang was an extremely easy task.

Chen Xiang ignored him, and focused on signing the blood contract with Qin Shuang.

After signing the contract, Chen Xiang walked out of the Bai Mansion and went outside.

The outside of Bai Mansion had long turned into a wasteland filled with wounds. Furthermore, it was sinking very deep, the cracked ground could be seen everywhere, all because of the intense battles that had taken place before.

Chen Xiang took out his Heavenly magic sword s, shocking Qin Shuang!

"Don’t you use Purple Yang Excalibur s?" Qin Shuang was very surprised, she could not understand. Although she could tell that the Heavenly magic sword was also very strong, but she felt that it was inferior to the Purple Yang Excalibur. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Purple Yang Excalibur s were considered to be very strong by the people here, they felt that only the Super Yang Old Ancestor had a godly sword that was stronger than the Purple Yang Excalibur.

Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword only had a pale gold appearance and did not have the kind of forceful fighting strength that Purple Yang Excalibur did. Therefore, it did not look that powerful, but it still released a trace of the faint aura of a Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal ... In reality, that was the Crystal emperor’s Qi. It was just that Chen Cai’s refining methods were very brilliant, and did not expose the powerful Crystal emperor’s Qi.

"This is probably refined using Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals!" Qin Shuang carefully observed the Heavenly magic sword in Chen Xiang’s hands: "It’s full of raw materials, and also a pretty good divine sword! You already have such a good divine sword in your hands, and you actually said that I had different intentions. "

"That’s because I’m a person who doesn’t care about anything." Chen Xiang laughed: "For example, I already have a wife, but if you want to be my wife, I will definitely not mind!"

"You ... "Don’t be too presumptuous." Qin Shuang really wanted to cut off Chen Xiang’s head.

"I’m just making a metaphor! I already had this sword in my hands from the start. Later on, due to fate, the Purple Yang Excalibur followed me. Chen Xiang laughed out loud. "Even if we can’t stop them, we can."

"Use the Purple Yang Excalibur to compete with me. I want to see how well the Purple Yang Excalibur will be used in your hands!" Qin Shuang said: "You have Sword Blood, so you can also learn Frenzy sword method, and during the competition, I will give you a few pointers, but you have to admit that you are not my opponent, and I won’t hurt you, so if I get the Purple Yang Excalibur, I will still ’excite’ you, and if you don’t mind, I can even accept you as my disciple."

"Of course, it doesn’t matter if you don’t want to. In the future, if you have any difficulties in the way of the sword, you can also go to the Qin family and seek my advice. I will definitely help you out." Qin Shuang spoke very straightforwardly, the conditions were extremely touching.

Everyone suddenly felt that if they were Chen Xiang, they would definitely give the Purple Yang Excalibur to Qin Shuang without hesitation and acknowledge him as their master.

"How can we do that? If I acknowledge you as my master, you won’t be my wife! " After Chen Xiang said this, he anxiously said: "No, if you were to become my master, then wouldn’t we be able to have a passionate master-disciple relationship?"

The moment he finished speaking, he felt an extremely cold and mournful air current wrap around his neck. The sharp longsword in Qin Shuang’s hand had already pierced through his neck, if not for the Blood Pact controlling Qin Shuang, he would have died ten times already.

"I’m serious!" Qin Shuang said in a low voice.

Bai Xuelan continuously shook her head as she watched. The Master like image of Chen Xiang in her eyes earlier had already disappeared.

"Beauty, don’t move, don’t move, I’m serious ..." "No, I was just joking. Can we start the competition now?" Chen Xiang carefully moved his steps, keeping his neck far from the killing sword.

"It’s fine if you don’t use Purple Yang Excalibur, but I want to see what abilities you have to beat me." Qin Shuang did not expect that at such a critical juncture, Chen Xiang would still be teasing her, which made her hate Chen Xiang more and more.

...