Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Many people thought that Chen Xiang not using the Purple Yang Excalibur now was an arrogant move, for the sake of displaying his current strength, making people think that he could win the competition without using the Purple Yang Excalibur.

The main reason why Chen Xiang did not use Purple Yang Excalibur was because he was not confident, because he was worried that the Purple Yang Excalibur was insufficient for him to defeat Qin Shuang. Qin Shuang’s strength was extremely strong, even though it was only a ten sword strike, for Chen Xiang, the pressure was still great.

"I definitely can’t lose, if I lose, I would have to compete with Purple Yang Excalibur and give it to her." Chen Xiang was reluctant to part with his Purple Yang Excalibur. Although his Heavenly magic sword was better than theirs, there was a special meaning to their existence. They were extremely beautiful and could even allow him to enter the Purple Yang Divine Palace.

One must know that the Purple Yang Divine Palace was very big, and he had not finished his exploration. If not for the people from the Thief King and the rest, he might have stayed there for a while longer.

Qin Shuang did not say anything more to Chen Xiang at the moment, if not, Chen Xiang would only anger her, and if she were to fight an evenly matched opponent, getting angered by the opponent, that would be very disadvantageous, but she felt that if she were to compete with Chen Xiang and get angered, it would only be Chen Xiang’s bad luck.

"Let’s begin now. I will be the first to draw my sword. When I draw my sword, I will remind you." Qin Shuang said. She suddenly felt that she had the advantage now, so she did not want to take too advantage of Chen Xiang.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang took a few steps back, while waiting for Qin Shuang to attack. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

At this time, Bai Xuelan suddenly transmitted his voice to Chen Xiang.

"Qin Shuang mainly uses the power of frost. You should be able to sense it, right?" Bai Xuelan said: "And you, who use flames, shouldn’t be too worried about her! The most powerful thing about Qin Shuang is her kind of Berserker Ice Sword Intent. This is the most terrifying thing. "

"I should have already felt it earlier. It carried a very strong killing intent." Chen Xiang said, while Qin Shuang was staring at him, his killing intent surged, causing him to feel a chill all over his body.

"Watch my sword!" Qin Shuang held her sword in her hand. This sword was her sword of life, although it was very powerful, there was no name, and it was not as sonorous as the divine sword in Lan Kunyuan’s hand earlier.

But, no one had ever dared to underestimate Qin Shuang’s sword!

Qin Shuang slowly raised the sword in his hand towards Chen Xiang. At this time, a faint cold wind suddenly appeared around them, as the cold wind blew past, causing everyone to shiver, as though a wave of killing intent was descending from the sky.

"I’m here!" When Qin Shuang really attacked, she shouted once again.

A faint white shadow suddenly swept towards Chen Xiang, looking extremely graceful and nimble, this was originally a very beautiful scene, but the killing intent released by Qin Shuang’s body made the beautiful scene look like it was in hell. The cold and captivating Qin Shuang had also turned into a peerless god of death, her proud and beautiful face was filled with a somber killing intent.

Chen Xiang could only stand there motionlessly. He could not teleport, nor could he use the Six Realms mirrors to block. When Qin Shuang thrusted the sword over, it did not seem fast, but Chen Xiang knew that he had nowhere to run. No matter how fast he dodged, he would still be hit.

"Her main goal is to get rid of the sword in my hand. What I want to do is to protect the sword in my hand!" Facing Qin Shuang’s threatening attack, Chen Xiang’s expression was calm, he anxiously placed his sword behind his back.

Qin Shuang originally thought that Chen Xiang would wave her sword to block, because she felt that no matter who it was, as long as she faced this terrifying killing intent, would not be able to resist and would instinctively wave her sword to block, and at this time, she only needed to use her full strength to knock her opponent’s sword to the ground.

But, she did not expect Chen Xiang to be so cold, to be able to calm herself down and react in such a relaxed manner!

Qin Shuang’s sword was already at Chen Xiang’s throat, she stared at Chen Xiang’s smiling face and snorted coldly.

"The first strike!" Chen Xiang laughed: "There are still nine swords!"

Just now, everyone could feel Qin Shuang’s terrifying killing intent. They felt that if they were facing this kind of aura, they might have already knelt down, but Chen Xiang was actually able to stand there and not do anything!

Hearing Chen Xiang’s voice just now, everyone suddenly came to a realization!

Qin Shuang had previously signed a blood contract with Chen Xiang, so he would not kill Chen Xiang during the competition.

"Very good. I didn’t expect it." Qin Shuang had originally thought that her first sword strike would be able to defeat Chen Xiang, but this was truly unexpected.

"Second Sword!" After Qin Shuang finished speaking, he had already flashed behind Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang could feel a wave of cold air pass by his back. Qin Shuang’s current speed was very fast, and in an instant, he had already arrived behind him.

However, Chen Xiang’s reaction was very fast, as though he had predicted Qin Shuang’s movements, he only had to lower his sword a little, and avoid Qin Shuang’s sword.

"Second Sword!" Chen Xiang dodged, distancing himself far away from Qin Shuang.

At this moment, Qin Shuang finally realised that it was not easy to knock out the sword in Chen Xiang’s hand. Firstly, she could not injure Chen Xiang. She thought that if Chen Xiang could not use Teleportation with his cultivation level, his speed would not be so fast, but she realised she was wrong.

Chen Xiang was extremely fast, and only a little slower than her. Furthermore, Chen Xiang had a lot of battle experience, so he was not afraid of danger!

If Chen Xiang had not competed with Lan Kunyuan before, he definitely would not be able to hold on now. Lan Kunyuan’s killing intent earlier had caused him to feel fear and despair, but after that time, he was not that easily scared.

This was growth!

"I’ve underestimated you!" Qin Shuang snorted. Her figure flashed and appeared behind Chen Xiang like a gust of wind. Her main target was the Heavenly magic sword behind Chen Xiang.

At this moment, Qin Shuang’s aura had increased by a lot, and her speed was even faster than lightning. She came to Chen Xiang’s back, and thrusted her sword towards Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword!

Ding!

With a crisp sound, Qin Shuang’s sword successfully touched Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword, and released a buzzing sound!

She thought that one slash would be able to break apart Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword, but right now, she had only pushed him a little further forward.

"This woman ..." Just now she only used a few percent of her strength, otherwise I would definitely have been severely injured. " Chen Xiang’s expression became serious, and shouted: Third sword!

Qin Shuang’s heart was in shock, she suddenly felt that not only had she underestimated Chen Xiang’s strength, she had also underestimated the sword in Chen Xiang’s hands! The extremely strong power that she had used, when she pierced through the tip of the sword of life, actually did not leave even a single trace, and only produced a buzzing sound!