Qin Shuang had a lot of battle experience, although she had only used a few parts of her power, but if someone else was pushed by the power, they would definitely be thrown far away. Even faster, the pages of the website were refreshing, and there were few advertisements. He liked this type of website the most, so he must give it a good review.]

However, Chen Xiang had only been pushed back about twenty steps, and he did not use any kind of power to block her attack, because Chen Xiang could not react at all.

This also meant that Chen Xiang’s sword had absorbed a very strong force!

, who was watching the battle from afar, also noticed something. His pupils shrank as he said in a low voice: "The sword in Chen Xiang’s hand is extraordinary!"

Everyone also felt that it was strange, Chen Xiang’s sword was extremely strange, because the power behind his sword was not limited to just a little, but it had been completely absorbed.

"I didn’t expect you to be so fast. I can’t get used to it." Chen Xiang turned and looked at Qin Shuang.

Qin Shuang’s speed had suddenly increased by a lot, to the point where he was unable to comprehend what had happened.

"You’re not bad either!" Qin Shuang was no longer underestimating Chen Xiang, she only had seven sword attacks left. The second sword attack was that she was no longer able to touch Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword, although she just did, she did not succeed.

Qin Shuang started to become serious, snow and frost were already falling from the sky, and a layer of faint white frost appeared on Qin Shuang’s face.

When Chen Xiang saw that her feet had suddenly been sealed by a thick layer of ice, she was alarmed. However, Qin Shuang had already arrived, and her speed was even faster this time, to the point that she was unbelievably fast. It was as if she had teleported, and Chen Xiang was simply unable to catch her movements.

Clang!

A resounding vibration rang out, and Chen Xiang felt an incomparable trembling from his own hand, accompanied with a piercing chill. The coldness, along with the intense vibration, seeped into his palm and into his arm, causing him to feel as if his entire arm had lost consciousness for an instant.

"Not good, this woman was attacking my sword just now, and she was even striking the very berserk Icy cold power." Chen Xiang’s right hand was holding onto the sword, it was already numb, it was unable to grip onto anything, if Qin Shuang threw out another sword, his Heavenly magic sword would fall.

The sword on Chen Xiang’s back was already filled with a layer of frost, while his legs were already frozen on the ground. The hand that was holding the sword was pain so much that it was numb, as though it could break at any time. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Just as Chen Xiang had expected, after Qin Shuang’s previous sword move, she immediately followed up with a sword strike. Right now, she was extremely ’agitated’, because her fifth sword strike was definitely going to succeed. But just as he was about to successfully kill Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword, the Heavenly magic sword suddenly disappeared and reappeared on Chen Xiang’s other hand.

"You ... "You violated the blood contract!" Qin Shuang let out a delicate shout, but her expression changed. Because the blood contract had not backfired on Chen Xiang, which meant that he had not used his spatial space just now.

Suddenly, a scorching heat wave came from Chen Xiang’s body, the berserk heat wave gushed out, causing the thick ice on the ground to melt, allowing Chen Xiang to escape from the heat.

This is the Sun madness fire!

After Chen Xiang struggled free, he laughed mischievously and used the Shrinking step to run far away.

"Sun madness fire!" Qin Shuang looked at the remnant aura on the surface of the ice and frowned. "Could it be condensed from cultivating Frenzy sword method? Sun madness fire is really powerful! "

"The fifth strike!" Chen Xiang laughed: "You still have five more swords!"

Qin Shuang looked at Chen Xiang from afar and asked: "What happened just now? Why did your sword instantly run from your right hand to your left? "

Qin Shuang wasn’t the only one who didn’t understand, the others also didn’t understand. They were all very curious.

But Bai Xuelan, who was in the Bai Mansion, frowned slightly and thought: "This sword has followed the Elder Brother Shen for many years and is now connected to the blood and flesh of the Elder Brother Shen. The sword just entered his body, and then appeared in his left hand."

"Using this sword is the true strength of the Elder Brother Shen!"

The current Bai Xuelan already understood why Chen Xiang did not use an even stronger Purple Yang Excalibur but chose this one instead.

"When I win, I will naturally tell you." laughed, the Heavenly magic sword had many secrets, and inside there was a powerful sword spirit, it was just that it was currently sleeping.

Qin Shuang suffered a huge blow at this moment, because she had already unleashed her fifth sword strike and did not let Chen Xiang’s sword fall to the ground. If this continued, she would definitely lose.

"I absolutely cannot lose!" Qin Shuang recalled Chen Xiang’s previous frivolous words to her and knew that if he lost, the result would definitely be very miserable.

"This Chen Xiang is truly a flowery person, but he can only play around. If he truly fights with me, he will definitely be defeated." Hong Qianyi snorted, purposely saying it in a loud voice.

"Your cultivation is one stage higher than me, isn’t it normal for me to lose to you?" Chen Xiang laughed: "If I were to condense the second World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, Lan Kunyuan will be the same as you."

"Who’s afraid of who!" Hong Qianyi laughed in disdain.

"This is our battle." Qin Shuang saw that Chen Xiang was bickering with her, and was not even focusing on the competition at all, which made her angry.

"Oh, yes! "Then hurry up and start." Chen Xiang laughed.

"You bastard!" Qin Shuang became furious and instantly appeared behind Chen Xiang, once again attacking from behind him. This was because Chen Xiang had the sword on his back the entire time.

But now, Chen Xiang had suddenly moved the sword forward, he was also very close, Qin Shuang had been pretty far away from him before, but suddenly he appeared behind him, without any movement or movement, and he had already appeared before.

Until now, he still did not understand how Qin Shuang did it!

Qin Shuang had only come up behind him earlier, she did not pull out her sword, but seeing Chen Xiang holding the sword up front, in the next moment she was right in front of Chen Xiang.

"Is it teleportation? But there’s no spatial ripple at all! " When Chen Xiang saw that Qin Shuang had appeared and was waving his sword with all his might, he was suspicious of him but at the same time, he held onto the Heavenly magic sword tightly, preparing to clash with Qin Shuang for the first time!

Qin Shuang swung his sword, all of the power striking the sword body, the cold air attacking people, like a giant wave made of ice and snow, it struck down, causing people’s entire body to feel ice-cold.

Chen Xiang anxiously released the Sun madness fire s to fill his entire body, as this could prevent Qin Shuang’s terrifying cold Qi from penetrating his body. At the same time, he also injected a large amount of Sun madness fire s into the Heavenly magic sword.

In the blink of an eye, the two swords had already clashed. The Sun madness fire and the berserk ice power clashed, the cold and heat clashing against each other, creating a very strange wave of air.

The thick layer of ice that was originally frozen over the ground had already shattered. After being covered by the scorching waves of air, it gradually melted.

...