Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Although Chen Xiang’s body was already protected by the Sun madness fire, it was still drilled into his body by a large amount of extremely strong and violent Icy cold power, wreaking havoc within his body. After the two swords clashed, he was sent flying by a wave of Qi, causing a slight piercing pain in his body. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Even though Qin Shuang was standing in place, her expression was even colder than before. That sword strike just now had caused her to feel the terrifying flame energy within Chen Xiang’s body, and made her recall something that someone had said before.

Since Chen Xiang was able to take out the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal, she must have ’obtained it’ from the Divine Soil Restricted Area. But now, after she had ’sparred’ with Chen Xiang, she felt that Chen Xiang’s powerful Sun madness fire, made her understand that Chen Xiang’s Sun madness fire was not formed because of the cultivation of the Frenzy sword method, but because the Tinder array had condensed the fire seed of the Sun madness fire, and cultivated the Sun madness fire.

"The sixth strike! It’s time to end it!" Chen Xiang’s hand that was holding onto the Heavenly magic sword trembled, waiting for Qin Shuang’s seventh sword strike.

"Alright!" Qin Shuang bellowed and struck again.

Just like before, Qin Shuang seemed to have used a teleportation method as he instantly appeared in front of Chen Xiang and slashed out with lightning speed.

When she brandished her sword, she only saw Chen Xiang brandishing it, but then she felt a very violent vibration coming from her jade hand, at the same time, an ear-splitting explosion occurred. Her hand became empty, and her sword actually flew away!

After Qin Shuang’s long sword left his hand, it flew into the air, and under the shining of the sunlight, it gave off a cold glow. When it landed, it stabbed into the ground, and a new hole appeared on the blade of the sword!

Although Qin Shuang’s sword was nameless, it was Qin Shuang’s most terrifying weapon. As long as one had fought with her before, no one would be afraid, and even Hong Qianyi who was spectating would have a headache if he saw this sword. [Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]

But at this time, not only was Qin Shuang’s sword flying, it was also missing a hole!

Everyone took in a deep breath of cold air, they tried their best to think back to what had just happened, and they only saw Chen Xiang brandishing his sword, but they did not see Chen Xiang slash at them, nor did they see Chen Xiang’s movements. Chen Xiang was still standing there, but inexplicably, his sword landed.

It was as if Chen Xiang had disappeared during the time they were slashing the sword. Everyone suddenly felt that they were missing that period of time, they did not experience that period of time, but only Chen Xiang experienced it.

Qin Shuang was also desperately trying to remember the entire process, she could very clearly remember, that when Chen Xiang brandished his sword, he did not even make a single movement, nor did she feel a hint of movement in his energy, only that when Chen Xiang swung his sword, she felt a tremor, and the sword flew out.

The moment after Chen Xiang swung his sword, it was lost. It was gone, and other than Chen Xiang, no one else had experienced that period of time!

Thinking about that, Qin Shuang’s entire body shivered!

Law of Time!

Some of the old men who were watching the battle also thought that Chen Xiang had used a very mysterious and mysterious power of time!

"You lost!" Chen Xiang said.

Qin Shuang’s entire being was in a daze. She walked over and pulled out her broken sword, her expression was filled with desolation, as though she had just been burnt to ashes. She had lost all of her life force.

On one hand, her sword of life had been damaged, and on the other hand, she had suffered an unprecedented blow.

Qin Shuang was originally a very proud woman, she was arrogant because she possessed great power. In order to give herself a cold and arrogant attitude, she continuously increased her strength and worked hard, but now ... It’s all ruined.

"I’ve lost!" After a long while, Qin Shuang sighed.

"No, at least you lost!" Chen Xiang still approved of Qin Shuang’s power very much. The reason he said that he would lose was only because he felt that this was just a game, and that this was a competition that set a rule that neither side would be equal.

This was not a real battle, so there was no loss or victory.

What Chen Xiang used just now was merely the God Murdering Sword Techniques that he had not used for a long time. The God Murdering Sword Techniques originally contained the profound meaning of time, and coupled with his later control of the Time Laws, it made his use of it even more proficient.

Once it was used, it would be impossible for others to guard against it. Chen Xiang was also waiting for a good opportunity to make his move, when he brandished his sword, he used the power of the Heaven Blasting Palm, and adding on some of the techniques he had mastered before, he shook the power out of Qin Shuang’s body.

"Qin Shuang lost, let’s go up quickly!" An old man from the Heaven Old Imperial Family said, and after he finished, they immediately rushed towards Chen Xiang.

Hong Qianyi also came!

Hong Qianyi held onto the golden divine blade, and when he came over, the Spirit Qi around his body surged, the heaven and earth seemed to be filled with the roars of ten thousand beasts, it was precisely the terrifying Spirit Qi that caused Qin Shuang, who had lost his consciousness, to suddenly wake up.

The Heaven Old Imperial Family wanted to make a move against the Bai Family!

Not only the Heaven Old Imperial Family, even the Qin family had made their move!

"What are you doing!" Qin Shuang roared at the people from the Qin family, "Are you trying to kill me? Don’t you guys know about the blood contract between Chen Xiang and me? No matter whether we win or lose, I must ensure that no one touches him! "

"Qin Shuang, you’ve worked hard. You just have to be careful when dealing with Hong Qianyi. We will definitely help you take down Chen Xiang and seize his Purple Yang Excalibur." An old man from the Qin Clan said.

Hong Qianyi could not deal with the Bai Family, and could not deal with Chen Xiang, but he could make his move against Qin Shuang!

As long as they could delay Qin Shuang, the combined might of the Heaven Old Imperial Family and the Qin family could take Chen Xiang down!

Seeing that Heaven Old Imperial Family and the Qin family had joined hands, the people from Lan Clan also rushed forward.

"Qin Shuang, help me kill this group of people who are surrounding me! As long as you lose to me, I’ll let you do whatever you want. Right now, I’ll let you get rid of this bunch of bastards, and then we’ll be even. " After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he waved his hand vigorously, and a purple light shot out.

Qin Shuang was startled, and unexpectedly, Chen Xiang threw the Purple Yang Excalibur over to her.

"Use the Purple Yang Excalibur to kill them all." After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he summoned his Six Realms mirrors and blocked a wave of energy that was attacking him.

When Qin Shuang took over the Purple Yang Excalibur, she seemed like a dead person just a moment ago, and immediately came to life. She seemed to be filled with excitement, her entire body was filled with killing intent, and the Purple Yang Excalibur in her hands released a dazzling purple light.

At this time, Bai Xuelan, who was inside the Bai Mansion, had already turned into a white shadow and rushed out. After she entered the battlefield, the battlefield immediately became like a stove, and once the Berserk Flame Sword Force was unleashed, scorching waves of air swept out like wind.

...