Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Before Hong Qianyi made his move, he thought that Qin Shuang would be easy to deal with, but now that he saw the Purple Yang Excalibur in Qin Shuang’s hand, he scolded him inwardly.

Previously, Chen Xiang would never be willing to give his Purple Yang Excalibur to Qin Shuang no matter what, but now, he had so easily placed his Purple Yang Excalibur into Qin Shuang’s hands.

Everyone believed that after Qin Shuang’s sword of life was destroyed, his strength would definitely not be as strong as it was in the past. But now that Qin Shuang had obtained the Purple Yang Excalibur, his strength had suddenly increased, and it looked like he was even stronger than before.

"That bastard Chen Xiang!" When Hong Qianyi charged towards Qin Shuang, he was counterattacked by Qin Shuang using his Purple Yang Excalibur.

The multicolored light that the Purple Yang Excalibur released carried an extremely cold and hot energy as it penetrated into his body, causing him to feel extremely uncomfortable. He had no choice but to quickly distance himself from Qin Shuang.

Chen Xiang held his Six Realms mirrors and blocked the crowd’s attacks on him. Although he could not retaliate, they were unable to harm him.

"What’s going on with Qin Shuang?" Chen Xiang was puzzled, her current strength seemed to be even stronger than before, and even Hong Qianyi was not her opponent.

"Qin Shuang also has some sort of connection with the Purple Yang Excalibur. She seems to have already fused with it." Bai Xuelan suddenly came to Chen Xiang’s side, and in a few seconds, he surrounded the group of people. The people who were attacking Chen Xiang all ran away.

Bai Xuelan’s strength was not weak, it was equivalent to the strength of a Gifted Fierce Fighting God. It was not easy for an expert of the Peak of World Defying crazy realm to defeat her, and furthermore, her sword of life was refined using the Myriad Tao Divine Soil’s Crystals. Just a moment ago, she had destroyed many of their divine weapons, and the ground was filled with various types of divine weapons that had been cut off by her sword of life.

Chen Xiang looked at Qin Shuang and saw that there was a faint purple pattern that looked like a sun on his forehead. It was not there before, but it had only appeared after she had obtained the Purple Yang Excalibur.

"Just what is Qin Shuang’s relationship with the Purple Yang Excalibur? After she obtained the Purple Yang Excalibur, it was as if she was on stimulants." Chen Xiang felt that it was inconceivable. At this moment, Qin Shuang’s cold and proud eyes were filled with purple light that flickered, and the few elders from the Qin family saw that Qin Shuang had become so powerful, and had even obtained the Purple Yang Excalibur. They all flew over, wanting Qin Shuang to stop.

However, Qin Shuang acted like he could not hear her and continued to attack the Qin elders who were rushing over. Two of the elders had their arms chopped off by her, causing them to be severely injured.

"You guys clearly know that I have a blood contract with Chen Xiang, yet you still chose to make a move against him. This is all because of you, and now that Chen Xiang asked me to kill you all, I promised him to do so in order to fulfill the contents of the contract. I can only kill you. "

Qin Shuang’s words were ice-cold and carried a dense killing intent. Even though the Purple Yang Excalibur in her hands was fire attributed, it had released an extremely terrifying cold aura just now.

After a thick layer of purple ice appeared on the ground, with a loud shout from Qin Shuang, the ice layer suddenly trembled, and ice spikes emerged from the layer of ice one after another and continuously flew upwards, piercing through the bodies of many people!

Amongst them, the Heaven Old Imperial Family suffered the most severe losses, because they had more enemies, and they weren’t too strong either. Facing Qin Shuang’s furious attack, they didn’t even have the strength to withstand it, and their bodies were all penetrated by the purple ice spikes!

What was terrifying was that after the purple ice spikes pierced through their bodies, they suddenly exploded with a burst of flame energy, shooting out purple Sun madness fire s that burned those people into ashes!

Quite a few Lan Clan and Qin Clan people died, and not long after, more than half of them died. Among them, there were a few elderly people from the World Defying crazy realm, whose strength was greater than the youths’, but facing Qin Shuang’s power, they could not resist at all.

Some of them were killed by Bai Xuelan. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"Qin Shuang is really scary, I’m not her match right now." At this moment, she was with Chen Xiang. Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors had played a huge role, other people’s attacks could not even come close, once they attack, Chen Xiang only needed to use the mirror surface of the Six Realms mirrors to be able to deflect the strong energy back.

"Xue Lan, be careful. It seems like these fellows are going to go all out." Chen Xiang said as his eyebrows knitted together. That group of people had suffered such heavy losses, if they were to leave just like that, they would definitely not be satisfied.

"Other than Hong Qianyi, this group of trash pose no threat at all." Bai Xuelan let out a cold snort, the sword of life in his hands had already flown out, like a falling sun, it charged forward with a long fiery tail, and pierced through the body of an old man, blasting him away.

Bai Xuelan’s strength was indeed very terrifying. After all, she possessed the purest Sword Blood, and had an extremely thorough understanding of the Frenzy sword method!

Chen Xiang looked at Hong Qianyi, who was watching from afar, angry and anxious, his eyes filled with jealousy, jealous of Qin Shuang’s sudden increase in strength!

One had to know that many people had said that Qin Shuang’s strength was similar to his. Although they had frequently compared him, who would have known that Qin Shuang would actually be a little weaker than him, yet today, he actually didn’t even dare to receive one of Qin Shuang’s strikes. He could only stare from afar.

Hong Qianyi was a very proud person, but he couldn’t become arrogant in front of Qin Shuang now, because when he exchanged blows with Qin Shuang earlier, he had already felt Qin Shuang’s frightening power.

The layer of ice on the ground had originally been a light purple color, but now it had suddenly turned deep purple. Moreover, it had produced a very strange force that made people feel like they were in a domain that was completely controlled by someone else.

"Qin Shuang’s Domain!" Chen Xiang shouted in shock, "I understand! Back when I was fighting her, she seemed to have used teleportation to attack me all of a sudden, making it impossible for me to track her movements. It turns out that it’s because she’s released a domain and she’s moving in it like teleportation! "

"Yes, the domain she releases is even scarier now." Bai Xuelan had already stopped her attacks, because that group of people were currently running all over the place, wanting to quickly leave this area covered in purple ice.

"You want to run away from my Nine Suns Purple Ice Domain?" Qin Shuang let out a cold laugh. She suddenly appeared behind a group of people and slashed out with the Purple Yang Excalibur in her hands.

The fallen pieces hit the ice and exploded into a wave of explosions. They were all set ablaze, and all of them died! This group of people were all from the Lan Clan, and all of them were gone.