Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Shuang now possessed the body of a god of death, causing the Qin family and Heaven Old Imperial Family to tremble. After the people from Lan Clan were exterminated, Qin Shuang once again appeared in the vicinity of the Qin family.

Because she and Chen Xiang had a blood contract, and Chen Xiang told her to kill him in a hurry, she didn’t have any choice. Furthermore, the Qin family didn’t even discuss with her before attacking Chen Xiang, this kind of ability made her extremely angry.

"Don’t blame me!" After Qin Shuang finished speaking, with a few swishing sounds, he struck out with his sword. A few semi-circular purple qi blades incorrectly flew over, chopping apart several tens of people from the Qin family.

The meat was burnt to ashes as it fell onto the icy ground.

Chen Xiang and Bai Xuelan did not need to do anything at the moment, and they were safe as well. Although Hong Qianyi was here, Hong Qianyi could not touch them.

Heaven Old Imperial Family was very smart, they ran away immediately!

"Hong Qianyi, what are you doing? You caused my death." An old man from the Heaven Old Imperial Family roared.

They thought that if Hong Qianyi went to stall Qin Shuang, he would not be able to protect Chen Xiang, but Chen Xiang actually gave the Purple Yang Excalibur to Qin Shuang. Qin Shuang’s strength had increased explosively, and with just a single sword strike, Hong Qianyi was scared witless. The more he looked, the more frightened Hong Qianyi became.

"Qin Shuang is currently in the Peak of World Defying crazy realm, and she has four World Defying Stage Fierce Fighting Soul s. I am simply not her match!" Hong Qianyi already understood why Qin Shuang suddenly became so strong.

Hong Qianyi was only at the middle stage of the World Defying crazy realm and he only had two World Defying Stage Fierce Fighting Soul s, which were far inferior to Qin Shuang. If he were to continue fighting with Qin Shuang, he would only end up getting killed by one sword strike from Qin Shuang.

Chen Xiang and Bai Xuelan were also very surprised, Qin Shuang suddenly had two more World Defying Stage Fierce Fighting Soul!

"You can’t escape!" Qin Shuang controlled the deep purple colored ice ground to tremble, and a few purple-colored ice swords condensed, flying in and out of the domain. Only Chen Xiang and Bai Xuelan’s location did not have any purple-colored ice swords flying around, as the other regions were all covered by this extremely terrifying purple-colored ice sword.

Chen Xiang saw an old man’s body immediately turn into ice after being stabbed, and the purple ice sword that was stabbed in released the Icy cold power and sealed him in ice, then immediately exploded and shattered the person who was frozen!

This made Chen Xiang’s scalp tingle!

"Xue Lan, you enter the Bai Mansion first!" Chen Xiang hurriedly brought Bai Xuelan to the main entrance of the Bai Mansion. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"What about you?" Bai Xuelan was a little worried. She knew that Chen Xiang was going to stay outside because the Purple Yang Excalibur was his.

"You don’t have to worry about me!" Chen Xiang shook the Six Realms mirrors in his hand.

Bai Xuelan nodded and entered the Bai Mansion.

At this time, most of the people in Heaven Old Imperial Family had also been killed, leaving only Hong Qianyi!

Hong Qianyi couldn’t win against Qin Shuang, and he couldn’t attack Chen Xiang either, so he couldn’t escape Qin Shuang’s domain. He was two World Defying Stage Fierce Fighting Soul less than Qin Shuang, and the disparity in their strength was enormous.

"Qin Shuang, do you really want to kill me?" Hong Qianyi bellowed, he only saw a array disc in his hand, holding it tightly, he did not know what use this array disc was, but he could see that Hong Qianyi was betting everything on this.

"I have to kill him!" Qin Shuang’s voice was cold and determined. In the blink of an eye, she had disappeared.

"Don’t even think about succeeding!" Hong Qianyi roared, the formation plate in his hand suddenly shot out, and appeared in the sky.

The moment the array appeared, a wave of spatial energy rippled out. Chen Xiang was shocked, he himself immediately channeled his spatial energy, wanting to get rid of the energy that was devoured, but he could not move.

"You ..." Qin Shuang knew what Hong Qianyi was doing and coldly snorted. He then hastily rushed to Chen Xiang’s side and tightly grabbed onto his shoulder.

Chen Xiang only felt himself being engulfed by an extremely strong flow of spatial energy, as though he was about to be absorbed to some other place.

"Haha ..." I, Hong Qianyi, won’t die, just you wait. Once I condense four World Defying Stage Fierce Fighting Soul s, I’ll definitely torture you to death. " Hong Qianyi’s laughter could be heard from time to time.

Very soon, Chen Xiang felt that he left the Heaven Old Super Realm and entered a very unstable spatial passageway.

"Where are we going?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously: "Are we leaving the Heaven Old Super Realm?"

"Yes, we are going to the Myriad Tao. Hong Qianyi has an array disc in his hand, and when he opens the passage to the top of the Myriad Tao, it will open, because the spatial energy above the Myriad Tao is too strong, so it will produce a strong devouring force that will suck us in." Qin Shuang said, "Right now, we are in a spatial passageway."

"Hong Qianyi left before us, but we wouldn’t have met him after we went to the Myriad Tao. If it wasn’t for me grabbing you, we would have all split up." Qin Shuang was actually very calm, and her voice was very steady.

"But I don’t want to go to Myriad Tao! How will I be able to return to the Heaven Old Super Realm then? " Chen Xiang had already planned to advance to the late stage or peak of the World Defying crazy realm from the Heaven Old Super Realm s before this, so he had plans to go to the Myriad Tao s.

But right now, he was only an World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, and was only at the early stages of the World Defying crazy realm, yet he already surpassed the Myriad Tao, which made it difficult for him to survive.

"It’s easy to go back." Qin Shuang said: "But for the current you, it would be somewhat difficult!"

"Why?" Chen Xiang expressed his confusion: "Aren’t you guys able to come back as well?"

"We can go back because we have two World Defying Stage Fierce Fighting Soul s." Qin Shuang said: "Our World Defying Stage Fierce Fighting Soul is different from normal World Defying Stage Fierce Soul. One of our Berserker Souls is equivalent to two of yours. So, if you want to return, you need to condense at least three World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s."

Qin Shuang and the other Fierce Fighting God s would also need to form two berserk battle spirits before they could return, while Chen Xiang only condensed ordinary World Defying Stage Fierce Soul. With ordinary World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, he would need to condense three more to be able to return.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang sighed.

Not long after, he came out from the pitch-black spatial passageway. He saw the sunlight and at the same time, he and Qin Shuang was falling nonstop.

"I can’t actually fly, what a shitty thing!" Chen Xiang had originally wanted to float, but it was completely useless. He tried to use the power of space, but he couldn’t travel at all.

"This is above Myriad Tao, there are many laws that cannot be used." Qin Shuang knew that Chen Xiang had mastered the laws of time and space, but after coming to the Myriad Tao, these were all useless.

"Then wouldn’t I be crippled?" Chen Xiang looked extremely weak, coming to such an unfamiliar place, he was weak, and he could not use any life-saving methods.

"If you want to use it, you can also use it. Release a proud domain of your own. In your domain, you can use the laws that you control." Qin Shuang grabbed Chen Xiang, her entire body releasing purple qi, causing her to float and drop bit by bit. [Previous Chapter] [Table of Contents]