Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

hated Hong Qianyi to the core right now. Bringing him into such a place, it would be difficult for him to survive here, moreover, he had previously provoked an enemy in the Purple Yang Divine Palace, if they met again, it would be troublesome.

Since Qin Shuang could not fly even in this place, she could only pull him down bit by bit.

As he was descending, Chen Xiang saw that the environment below was actually a very large forest.

The trees in the forest were very tall, and all of them were very strange. Generally speaking, the trunks were cylindrical, but the trunks here were square columns, and the leaves were round and green.

There was only one sun in the sky, but it looked rather large and very hot.

"The World Defying Stage Fierce Power is extremely rich!" Chen Xiang only felt that it was a good thing, he looked at the mountain peak in the distance, which was releasing waves of blue light, it was also a strange sight.

"This is a hell of a place." Chen Xiang had already landed on the ground, he saw that all the ’flower petals’ were square, and said.

"That’s the case above Myriad Tao. Ghosts are everywhere here." Qin Shuang took a deep breath and then sat on the ground to rest. The great battle from before, coupled with the fact that she was dragging Chen Xiang down, had exhausted her energy by quite a bit.

"Qin Shuang, the Purple Yang Excalibur is mine." Chen Xiang whispered as he saw Qin Shuang holding onto the Purple Yang Excalibur tightly.

Qin Shuang who had his eyes closed suddenly opened those ice-cold eyes of his. Looking at Chen Xiang, he said in a deep voice, "I can return the Purple Yang Excalibur to you, but I don’t care about your life and death in the future!"

"Alright, alright, alright. I’ll temporarily keep the Purple Yang Excalibur in your custody." Chen Xiang curled his lips: "What exactly is your relationship with the Purple Yang Excalibur? Once you get the Purple Yang Excalibur, it will be like having several jars of chicken blood, amazing. "

"The two World Defying Stage Fierce Fighting Soul s sealed within the Purple Yang Excalibur were originally mine." Qin Shuang said: "The World Defying Stage Fierce Fighting Soul inside has already been merged by me, so even if I give this Purple Yang Excalibur to you, it won’t have the power it had before. Only I can unleash the power of the Purple Yang Excalibur."

"Why is your World Defying Stage Fierce Fighting Soul sealed inside the Purple Yang Excalibur?" Chen Xiang was very curious.

"Hmph, you don’t need to know too much." Qin Shuang snorted, closed his eyes and no longer looked at Chen Xiang.

"If it wasn’t for me, you wouldn’t even have had a chance to touch the Purple Yang Excalibur." Chen Xiang stuck his tongue out at her.

"If not for you, I would definitely be able to obtain Purple Yang Excalibur from Super Yang Divine Lord." Qin Shuang said: "The Purple Yang Excalibur was originally mine, only I am qualified to have it. You saw it before, the changes after I obtained it, this is proof!"

"Forget it, forget it. The Purple Yang Excalibur is still useful to me, even if I give them to you, it’s just a collection." Chen Xiang waved his hand, "Now that I’m in this damned place, you must protect me and not let me die!"

"Don’t worry, there is a lifeline connection between you and the Purple Yang Excalibur. If you die, the Purple Yang Excalibur will also be destroyed." This was also why Qin Shuang wanted to capture Chen Xiang before, and come to the Myriad Tao with him.

"How could I not know of such a thing?" Chen Xiang frowned, and then asked. "Qin Shuang, do you know the Purple Yang Divine Palace?"

"Of course I know!" Qin Shuang suddenly opened his eyes, but his gaze was not as cold as before, carrying a trace of reminiscence: "That’s where I grew up."

Chen Xiang suddenly felt that Qin Shuang’s identity was not simple, but why was he a member of the Qin family?

Regarding the Purple Yang Excalibur, Chen Xiang didn’t want to talk about it. He had ’gotten’ quite a few Crystal emperor from them, if Qin Shuang knew about it, he might get him to ’hand them over’.

"That sword of yours was refined by a Crystal emperor, right?" Qin Shuang suddenly asked.

"No!" Chen Xiang replied indifferently.

"Don’t think that you can lie to me. Answer the truth. Where did your Crystal emperor come from?" Qin Shuang knew that Chen Xiang was talking, this was the first time she saw Chen Xiang who did not even blink his eyes when he lied.

"I picked it up." Chen Xiang was lying again.

Seeing Qin Shuang’s face full of disbelief, he curled his lips and said, "You want to know my secret? "You don’t even have a door, and yet you yourself are so secretive. Why should I tell you about my matter?"

Qin Shuang being able to ’get’ the Crystal emperor did make her curious, because to her knowledge, only the Super Yang Old Ancestor and a few very old fellows could ’get’ the Crystal emperor.

"Ziyang is one of Super Yang Old Ancestor’s sons, and I am Ziyang’s grandson. After I died, my grandfather found two of my World Defying Stage Fierce Fighting Soul s and refined them into this sword. I was reincarnated later on, so I became a member of the Qin family. When Qin Shuang talked about this matter, his expression was extremely calm.

But this made Chen Xiang’s heart feel as though it was being shocked and stirred!

This Qin Shuang was actually the reincarnation of the Super Yang Old Ancestor’s grandson. He was secretly glad that he was extremely tactful for not revealing everything that had happened inside the Purple Yang Divine Palace, or else those Crystal emperor would definitely have been caught.

"Really? I don’t believe it! " Chen Xiang actually believed her, from the intimate relationship between her and the Purple Yang Excalibur, it could be seen.

"Believe it or not." Qin Shuang rolled her eyes at him, and said: "I already told you everything about me, it’s your turn!"

"The ancient Super Yang Divine Alter of the Divine Soil Restricted Area was resurrected by me." Chen Xiang said: "I also spent half my life to refine those Crystal emperor, so it’s like this."

"If that’s the case, then the Tinder array should have been set up for you by the ’private slaughter’!" Qin Shuang did not doubt Chen Xiang’s words. She was extremely shocked: "I never thought that you would actually be able to use the Myriad Tao Divine Soil’s Crystal to refine a Crystal emperor. This must be done using the power of time, in order for you to be able to complete it in a short period of time."

I don’t have any Crystal emperor on me now. The Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal is in the Divine Soil Restricted Area, so don’t try to trick me. Chen Xiang still had nine Crystal emperor, and each one was worth two of the super high quality Crystal emperor that was refined by the Super Yang Old Ancestor.

Qin Shuang did not say anything else. She naturally knew that Chen Xiang was not an ordinary guy, otherwise, she would not have lost to him.

Chen Xiang leaned on a square tree trunk. Originally, it was a little stuffy here, but suddenly there was a gust of cold wind, causing him to feel extremely comfortable.

"Above this Myriad Tao is truly a damned place. I can’t fly, and not only that, I can also use the Time and space power. This is simply suicidal." After Chen Xiang finished speaking, the cold wind suddenly disappeared.

"Xiao Shuangshuang, release some cold air. I feel uncomfortable from the heat." Chen Xiang looked at Qin Shuang and said.

Just as he finished speaking, the gust of cold wind appeared again. He was puzzled and mumbled, "This gust of wind is so sudden and unexpected, what exactly is going on?" 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Suddenly, there was a weak vibration coming from the ground. Chen Xiang was startled, and jumped up fiercely: There’s movement!

"Yes, a difficult guy to deal with!" Qin Shuang slowly stood up, his expression solemn as he looked in a direction, tightly holding onto the Purple Yang Excalibur, and said: "Protect yourself well!"