Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Shuang’s expression was extremely nervous, this was something that Chen Xiang had never seen before, it could be seen how powerful this thing was.

"What is it?" Chen Xiang took out something that even Qin Shuang was afraid of, and it was definitely not something that he could deal with. He couldn’t teleport or fly right now, he had to protect himself well.

"It should be a 2nd-level wild beast!" Qin Shuang said in a low voice: "This guy’s strength is equivalent to Peak of World Defying crazy realm."

"It’s equivalent to the peak of the World Defying crazy realm? You are also at the peak of the World Defying crazy realm now, and you even possess a World Defying Stage Fierce Fighting Soul! " Chen Xiang said: "You should not be afraid of this guy!"

"I’m only guessing right now, if it’s a 3rd level Arrogant Beast, it would be hard to deal with." Qin Shuang held onto the Purple Yang Excalibur tightly, looking in the direction of the sound.

When the wild beast that approached, it was extremely secretive, as if it wanted to ambush them!

"This guy must be really good at sneak attacks." Chen Xiang thought, if he did not sense the weak movements on the ground, he would not have been able to discover this arrogant beast.

Just by thinking about it, Chen Xiang felt that it was terrifying that a beast with the strength of at least Peak of World Defying crazy realm would not even have a trace of Qi to release. That was why Chen Xiang felt that it was a beast that liked to sneak an attack.

"He’s here!" Qin Shuang’s face changed, her body trembled, and released a burst of Qi wave that blew Chen Xiang far away, and after Chen Xiang was flung far away, he saw a grey tiger pouncing towards Qin Shuang.

When he was flying, he spat out a silent bolt of lightning, and struck towards Qin Shuang’s chest. The lightning he obtained was extremely powerful, and when it shot out, that aura made Chen Xiang feel fear.

Qin Shuang was also unable to dodge because the speed of the lightning was extremely fast and there were even a few of them.

Although she was unable to dodge, a thick layer of purple ice appeared in front of her chest. Like a shield, it blocked the lightning bolts that were shooting towards her.

"It’s the Wild thunder tiger!" Qin Shuang shouted, "Chen Xiang, stay away from this guy!"

After the Wild thunder tiger attacked Qin Shuang, it immediately pounced towards him, its speed was like a ray of grey lightning, quickly rushing towards Chen Xiang. Qin Shuang was startled, she anxiously followed along, originally wanted to counterattack, but the Wild thunder tiger’s speed was too fast, and its attacks did not match with her normal speed, she thought that the Wild thunder tiger would continue to attack her.

He never thought that after the Wild thunder tiger lost, it would use its fastest speed to attack Chen Xiang!

Chen Xiang had always been holding the Six Realms mirrors in front of his chest to block. The Wild thunder tiger did not know how powerful this thing was, so when it pounced towards Chen Xiang, it spat out a very berserk lightning!

When the Wild thunder tiger were attacking Qin Shuang before, that lightning did not make a sound, but now, when they attacked Chen Xiang, they were accompanied by rolling thunder.

As Chen Xiang watched the lightning strike down with a destructive might, he felt like he was facing a death sentence. Facing this kind of power, he was simply unable to react at all, and all his actions were useless.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

When the violent lightning struck Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors, a huge explosion resounded. Countless lightning bolts shot out like fireworks, striking all directions!

Amongst them, a dazzling bolt of lightning flew out from the Six Realms mirrors’s mirror and struck the Wild thunder tiger!

Roar!

The Wild thunder tiger did not know that Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors had this kind of power, to think that it could actually reflect on his attack.

At this time, Qin Shuang had already come over. She waved her Purple Yang Excalibur and fiercely hacked at it, whoosh whoosh whoosh! She hacked out ten times in a row, each sword bringing with it her strongest power, causing the Wild thunder tiger in her body to spurt out blue blood.

Chen Xiang gasped for breath while holding the Six Realms mirrors. Although the Six Realms mirrors had blocked a lot of the energy, the intense tremors that had erupted made his entire body in pain.

"Are you alright?" Chen Xiang had just arrived at Myriad Tao, and if she were to die just like that, she would feel extremely apologetic. Moreover, Chen Xiang had a special relationship with the Purple Yang Excalibur, so if Chen Xiang died, the Purple Yang Excalibur would be destroyed as well.

"It’s fine, thank you for your concern!" Chen Xiang laughed: "Look at your panicked expression, it’s as if the one you love was almost killed!"

"You’re not my sweetheart, pui!" Qin Shuang’s face sank, and cursed in her heart. She was still worried about Chen Xiang just now, but he was actually teasing her again. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"This guy is really amazing!" Chen Xiang looked at the Wild thunder tiger lying on the ground not far away. If he did not have the protection of the Six Realms mirrors just now, he would have been killed.

"He knew I wasn’t easy to deal with, so he suddenly attacked you." Qin Shuang walked towards the Wild thunder tiger, just as he was about to kill this fellow who was struggling at death’s door, the Wild thunder tiger suddenly transformed into a bolt of lightning and flew off in a different direction.

"He actually ran away!" Qin Shuang looked at the direction in which the Wild thunder tiger had disappeared. Just as she was about to chase after him, she felt that the conditions did not allow it, because she still had to bring Chen Xiang along.

"So what if we ran. It’s good that we’re fine!" Chen Xiang felt that it was nothing.

"Do you know how expensive Wild thunder tiger are?" Qin Shuang snorted: "If we can obtain this Wild thunder tiger, it would be a fortune."

"How much can you sell it for?" Chen Xiang was extremely curious: "Oh right, what does Myriad Tao use as currency?"

"Myriad Tao Divine Soil!" Qin Shuang said: "You might not know, but in the past few thousand years, someone found out that there is a special kind of energy inside the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, which allowed people to cultivate and gain a strong fleshly body, so the Myriad Tao Divine Soil became the main transaction currency."

Chen Xiang frowned: "Doesn’t that mean that there are a lot of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s above this Myriad Tao? I really didn’t expect this! "

Qin Shuang nodded. "Yes, generally speaking, the stronger people will have Myriad Tao Divine Soil s that weigh several thousand kilograms."

Chen Xiang curled his lips and said: "I had thought that the Myriad Tao Divine Soil was an extremely rare place, I hadn’t thought that there would actually be someone with a few thousand kilograms!"

He had met the people of Thief Race before, and those Thief Race people’s eyes immediately lit up when they saw the tiniest bit of Myriad Tao Divine Soil.

"Myriad Tao Divine Soil isn’t actually that rare, it’s just that it’s controlled by a few strong guys." Qin Shuang said: "What’s rare is something like the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal."

had seen a lot of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, but he had seen a lot of them in the Divine Soil Restricted Area.

"There are a lot in Divine Soil Restricted Area. If I knew earlier, I would have brought more with me." Chen Xiang had a lot of them right now, but he did not want Qin Shuang to know about them.

Qin Shuang brought Chen Xiang and walked toward the direction the Wild thunder tiger was fleeing in and said: "The Myriad Tao Divine Soil’s Crystals and Myriad Tao Divine Soil’s best not be used! Once you use it, it will be very easy for you to see through it.

"Why?" Chen Xiang felt that the Myriad Tao Divine Soil inside the Divine Soil Restricted Area was very ordinary, there was nothing special about it, why would she be recognized?