Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Shuang was the granddaughter of the Super Yang Old Ancestor, so she knew a lot of things. "..."

"The Myriad Tao Divine Soil s in the Divine Soil Restricted Area were all refined by my grandfather and can be easily identified. Once discovered, the various races above the Myriad Tao will think of ways to find the source." Qin Shuang said: "They do not allow this kind of Myriad Tao Divine Soil to exist. In their eyes, this is a kind of evil Myriad Tao Divine Soil."

Chen Xiang curled his lips: "They are just jealous. It’s just that they can’t refine it themselves, they can’t see others’ good."

Qin Shuang agreed extremely well with Chen Xiang’s words, and nodded: "Indeed, they are full of hostility towards my grandfather."

"Oh right, I heard that there are not many humans above Myriad Tao, is that true?" Feng Ke’er told Chen Xiang this.

"If we were to say that the humans that came from the Divine Wasteland are truly pitifully few in number. Above the Myriad Tao is the world of the masters of various races. Back then, the most powerful people here was the Super Yang Divine Race!" Qin Shuang said: "Above the Myriad Tao is a very vast world. Compared to the large clans here, ordinary humans take care of it very little, and they seem to have their own territory too. In order to not be bullied, they are very united."

"If they don’t have enough strength, they wouldn’t dare to run around. Therefore, they can only limit themselves to a very small region and can’t see the world above the vast Myriad Tao."

Qin Shuang saw the blue colored blood on the ground and said, "This is Wild thunder tiger’s blood ... If humans encounter Wild thunder tiger, they would normally not be able to defeat it. "

Chen Xiang had heard of the human race’s situation here before. He knew of the way of the king, and the way of the king was considered strong here.

"Which race is the strongest right now?" Qin Shuang asked. Qin Shuang had always been above this Myriad Tao, so she knew a little about the things here.

"Soul River Divine Race!" Qin Shuang looked at the sky, "You should be clear about the World Defying Stage Soul River ... Right now, the beings born in the World Defying Stage Soul River are the most powerful among all the Myriad Tao. "

The people of World Defying Stage Soul River were actually able to give birth to living beings! Chen Xiang naturally knew how powerful the World Defying Stage Soul River was. The World Defying Stage Fierce Soul could let a person obtain a strong power, and the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul that Chen Xiang had fused with before was just a sword, it was just that he had never used it before. Until now, he still could not control it well, so he had yet to condense the second World Defying Stage Fierce Soul.

"Yes, these guys are very strong. You must be careful when you meet them." Qin Shuang said.

The Wild thunder tiger was already heavily injured, and although it could run away very quickly, it still left behind a lot of blood. It was rare for Qin Shuang to run into a beast of this level, and one that was also severely injured, she would definitely not let it go.

Walking out of the strange forest, they saw a large mountain in front of them, and the Wild thunder tiger’s Qi was also becoming clearer and clearer.

"This guy really runs away." Chen Xiang exclaimed. They had chased after him for a long time.

Qin Shuang stared at a mountain and said: "Wait for me here, and pay attention to your surroundings. The Wild thunder tiger should be at that mountain."

"Alright!" Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors, and then allowed it to grow bigger. He sat inside, and the barrier released by the Six Realms mirrors had a very strong defensive power.

Qin Shuang glanced at Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors. She also knew what Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors was made of, and how powerful they were. Without asking any further, she ran to the mountain in front of them. Chen Xiang sat inside the Six Realms mirrors, looked at the blue sky, and said to Feng Ke’er: "Xiao Ke’er, I really never expected that I would actually come above the Myriad Tao."

"Yeah, you have a lot of enemies here!" Feng Ke’er laughed: "Thief Race and those guys hate you so much. They saw you take away so many Crystal emperor with their own eyes."

"But I have friends here too, Li Ba, Wang Gui and Ma Jinhong." Chen Xiang laughed: "I wonder if we can find them using Six Realms mirrors s!"

When he was in Divine Wasteland or in Heaven Old Super Realm, he could use the Six Realms mirrors to find someone he was familiar with. Now, he tried to find Qin Shuang, who was closest to him, but failed.

"Coming to Myriad Tao is simply impossible!" Chen Xiang was extremely disappointed.

"Chen Xiang, run!" Qin Shuang’s shout suddenly came from afar, Chen Xiang could only see from the direction that two people were chasing Qin Shuang, but Qin Shuang had ran to the other direction, and did not go towards him, as he did not want to attract the enemy over.

Qin Shuang was going to look for the injured Wild thunder tiger, but he met two people, and they were two very strong fellows. Otherwise, Qin Shuang wouldn’t have directly run away without even fighting them.

"Those two seem very strong!" Chen Xiang looked at the mountain that Qin Shuang had just fled to, then used the Counter Power to conceal himself and quietly went closer.

Qin Shuang had already run far away, but Chen Xiang felt that it wouldn’t be a problem if he continued to chase after them. After nearing the mountain, he discovered a cave. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

This cave was decorated extravagantly. After he entered, he found the Wild thunder tiger lying on the ground.

"This guy must be the pet of a very powerful guy." Chen Xiang saw a collar on the neck of the Wild thunder tiger, and coldly snorted: "Raising such a dangerous thing, and even letting him run around, I almost killed him."

The Wild thunder tiger’s injuries were serious, and she had already fainted. Chen Xiang took out the Heavenly magic sword, stabbed it towards the head, killed it, and then left with the corpse.

After Chen Xiang ran out of the cave, he anxiously followed the weak aura Qin Shuang had left behind when he was escaping, in this kind of place, he could not leave without Qin Shuang, although Qin Shuang was cold, but she was still good to him, and was also good-looking.

Chen Xiang felt that it was a very happy thing to be with her.

Several days had passed and Chen Xiang finally felt Qin Shuang’s aura. He had already passed through a large mountain range and arrived at a beautiful scenery.

"It’s in that mountain!" Chen Xiang saw that there was a mountain in the middle of a river, and Qin Shuang’s weak aura was being emitted little by little.

Looking at the calm surface of the river, Chen Xiang was a little perturbed. He did not dare to go into the water, even though the water was extremely clear and he could see the bottom of the river, but he was very familiar with the things above Myriad Tao.

They could not fly here. Luckily, the Six Realms mirrors was able to float on the surface of the water and carried him towards the small mountain in the middle of the river.

Chen Xiang came to the bottom of the hill and saw a cave. After he entered, he shouted: "Xiao Shuangshuang, how are you?"

"Chen Xiang!" Qin Shuang was surprised to find this place. "Why are you here?"

"I missed you, so I came!" Chen Xiang laughed. He had already reached the end of the cave and could only see Qin Shuang’s messy hair. His expression was filled with exhaustion.

"Are you hurt?" Chen Xiang asked with extreme concern.

Qin Shuang shook her head, her face was ugly, but it could be seen that she had been through an intense battle.