Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang took out a glowing stone, brightening up the area even more.

"What’s the matter with you?" Chen Xiang looked at Qin Shuang who was combing her hair and asked curiously: "Where are the two who were chasing after you?"

"They were chased away by me. These two guys are very powerful." Qin Shuang recalled this and frowned: "Luckily I have the Purple Yang Excalibur or else I would be dead for sure."

"Where’s the Purple Yang Excalibur?" asked. The reason he was able to trace his way to this place was also because he had a special connection with the Purple Yang Excalibur, so he could sense the direction of Qin Shuang’s aura.

"It’s here!" Qin Shuang called out the Purple Yang Excalibur and it appeared in her hands. "I was careless, I didn’t expect that there would be a fellow from the Soul River Divine Race there!"

"I’m sorry I left you! In that case, I can’t go and find you either, otherwise I would only lead those two fellows to you, which would be disadvantageous to you. "

Chen Xiang laughed: "That’s understandable, it’s fine!"

The two fellows Qin Shuang had met were actually from the Soul River Divine Race, the strongest race within the Myriad Tao.

"Why are the people of Soul River Divine Race here? They are really strong." Chen Xiang knew what Qin Shuang was going to do.

"That Wild thunder tiger was raised by a young master of Soul River Divine Race. Those two are his servants and they were responsible for bringing the Wild thunder tiger to this place for a stroll. At the same time, they let the Thunder God Tiger kill some people to eat." Qin Shuang’s expression was cold: "Some powerful people like to do this."

"I was almost eaten!" Chen Xiang said angrily: "These bastards, they really do not put human lives in their eyes!"

"Of course, they all do." Qin Shuang coldly snorted.

Chen Xiang suddenly laughed: "It’s fine, I’ve already killed the big tiger!"

As he spoke, he took out the Wild thunder tiger’s corpse. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

When Qin Shuang saw it, his eyes were filled with surprise and joy. She did not expect Chen Xiang to have such guts, and be so carefree as to not be afraid at all and go into the cave to kill this Wild thunder tiger after seeing her being hunted.

What Chen Xiang had done was always beyond her expectations, and she had to admit that Chen Xiang was definitely a strange person.

"You really dare to do it!" Qin Shuang anxiously said: "Quickly put it away, we will sell it when we reach the city."

After Chen Xiang put it away, he chuckled: "This guy almost ate me. How could I let him go? Oh right, Xiao Shuangshuang, you seem to be very poor, your strength is not weak, you shouldn’t be so poor! "

"In the past, because I had the Qin family’s power, I was not worried about food and clothing, and I did not lack other resources. However, now that I have betrayed the Qin family, I can only rely on myself." Qin Shuang said: "Moreover, my true strength is after I obtained the Purple Yang Excalibur. Otherwise, with my previous strength, if I met those two servants, I would have died a long time ago."

At this point in time, Chen Xiang was very clear that the strength of the people above Myriad Tao were indeed very terrifying. No wonder the Myriad Tao Dan God died here, and Wang Gui couldn’t do anything about it.

"When I rest well, I’ll take you to the city. It’ll be much safer inside." Qin Shuang said. She wanted to be together with Chen Xiang for a very long time, because Chen Xiang’s current strength was still very weak and was unable to completely protect herself. She could only wait until Chen Xiang became stronger before she could be at ease and let Chen Xiang survive above the Myriad Tao.

After resting, Qin Shuang brought Chen Xiang across the river to the city that she had mentioned.

Five days passed, and Chen Xiang saw a huge city. Just from the distance, he could sense the majesty of this city, as well as the divine might that enveloped the city’s barrier.

"Everyone needs one or two Myriad Tao Divine Soil s to enter this city." Qin Shuang said: "Don’t use your Myriad Tao Divine Soil s! Here, someone can use the secret method of pill refining to refine many Myriad Tao Divine Soil s, this kind of behavior is forbidden, if discovered, this kind of Alchemist will be captured and killed, this kind of Alchemist will also be called an evil pill refiner! "

"The group of people who designated this rule believed that the existence of such a Alchemist would disrupt the law of balance, which was why they treated him this way."

Chen Xiang disapproved and snorted: "That group of people might have a large number of these Alchemist s under their hands, and refine a large number of them for them. However, they are not allowed to do it, as this will allow them to become stronger and stronger."

"It’s good that you know this. Before you have absolute strength, you definitely can’t do this! My grandfather is powerful enough, but didn’t he mysteriously disappear just because he offended this bunch of people? " Qin Shuang said, "Fortunately, Divine Soil Restricted Area is being protected very well. If the Myriad Tao Divine Soil’s crystals and crystals were to leak out, the consequences would be unthinkable."

Qin Shuang brought Chen Xiang to the city gate and handed two taels of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s over. Those people would use one thing to check if these Myriad Tao Divine Soil s were natural, and only accept natural Myriad Tao Divine Soil s.

"Peace City, can it really be safe?" After Chen Xiang entered the city, he saw that the people inside had average strength, the majority of them were not even at the World Defying crazy realm, and even if there were people at the World Defying crazy realm, he felt that they were not very strong, at least not as strong as him.

"I’m fine as long as I’m safe for now." When Qin Shuang came in, he had put on a conical hat and a simple disguise. This was to prevent the two servants from recognizing her.

As Chen Xiang was walking on the street, he suddenly saw a portrait pasted on the wall, he anxiously walked over, and when he saw the portrait, he sent a sound transmission to Qin Shuang and laughed: "This portrait will make you look ugly!"

If the Wild thunder tiger was killed, the young master of the Soul River Divine Race would be furious. He would use all his power to find the person who killed his beast pet and then place a bounty in each of the large cities.

"Five kilograms of Myriad Tao Divine Soil! So many! I really want to hand you over!" Chen Xiang transmitted.

"Seems like the Wild thunder tiger cannot be sold here!" Qin Shuang snorted: "You definitely don’t know the value of Wild thunder tiger ... If we sell the corpses, we would have one hundred fifty kilograms of Myriad Tao Divine Soil, which would be enough for us to use for a very long time. "

Chen Xiang shook his head. He felt that relying only on selling Arrogant Beasts to earn wealth was too slow, and he even had to hide it.

"How many Myriad Tao Divine Soil s do you have left?" Chen Xiang asked.

"What are you doing?" Qin Shuang knew that Chen Xiang had a lot of insidious ideas.

"I want to sell pills." Chen Xiang said, at this point in time, he still had not understood the pill market situation.

"Stop thinking about it. Without the Hall of Pills’ authentication, you are an evil pill refiner. If you want to obtain the authentication, you will have to work for the Hall of Pills for a thousand years for free." Qin Shuang curled his lips: "Let’s go, I will think of another way to sell the Wild thunder tiger."