Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was not familiar with the market price of the pills in the Myriad Tao, but after hearing Qin Shuang say that he needed a certificate from the Alchemy Shrine, he more or less understood what was going on.

No matter where they were, the Alchemist was a very important existence, and all the major powers needed to control these Alchemist s in their own hands. They could not allow the Alchemist to establish their own sect, otherwise, it would cause them great losses.

"Where is the Alchemy Hall?" Chen Xiang asked.

"This city belongs to a small and middle-sized city. There is no Alchemy Hall here, so if you want to obtain the authentication, you have to go to the Alchemy Hall." Qin Shuang knew that Chen Xiang was a pretty good Alchemist, she had already known about Chen Xiang’s situation in the Heavenly Dan Mountain Villa before.

However, because Chen Xiang’s cultivation was still very low, she believed that he would definitely not be able to compare to the Alchemist s in terms of pill refining.

"Xiao Shuangshuang, what is the status of the Alchemist above the Myriad Tao?" Chen Xiang had heard before that the powerful Alchemist here could refine a pill spirit. As long as they could refine a pill spirit, they could quickly produce a large amount of divine pellets.

"If they can concoct a high rank Primordial Pill, then their status would definitely be very high. There are many of these kinds of Alchemist, in short, they have a very good relationship with the strongest group of people in this world." Qin Shuang brought Chen Xiang to wander around the city, he had no idea what she was up to.

Chen Xiang could only follow behind her now. His hands were itching to refine a tank. There were definitely many new pills for him to refine in Myriad Tao.

He could only concoct the intermediary Gu Shi Kuang Dan, Huakuan Dan! Because he had obtained a pill spirit, he did not need to refine this pill in the future. He would be able to condense some of the pill spirit everyday, and as time passed, he accumulated a lot of it.

"Xiao Shuangshuang, I have some pills with me, do you know how I can sell them?" Chen Xiang already knew that there was some kind of Alchemy Shrine here, which meant that if this place sold pills, he would definitely be interfered with by this Alchemy Shrine.

However, above Myriad Tao was a very large world. The Alchemy Hall was not easy to manage, and there would always be loopholes.

"What pills do you want to sell?" Qin Shuang thought that selling the pills privately would be much easier than selling the Wild thunder tiger s. Moreover, if she sold the Wild thunder tiger s, it would leave some traces behind.

"Huakuan Dan! Have you ever heard of such a pill? " The Huakuan Dan could be of great help to others when they were condensing the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul. Chen Xiang had already tried it before, so he was very clear about the effects of this kind of pellet.

Of course Qin Shuang had heard of this pill, she had even eaten it before!

"What’s the quality?" Qin Shuang asked again.

Chen Xiang pulled her to where there were few people and took out a handful of pills. There were more than 10 of them, and all of them were of the highest quality.

"A pretty good Huakuan Dan!" Qin Shuang nodded his head: "It should be worth five taels of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s per pellet!"

"So cheap!" Chen Xiang was suddenly disappointed.

"These Huakuan Dan were probably formed from the Elixir that you won, right?" Qin Shuang said softly: "You need to be clear, there are many pills here that have a spirit in the old Alchemist, so these Huakuan Dan are not rare, and are very common here."

With a human shaped pill furnace like a pill spirit, it was like having a chicken that could lay eggs. It did not need any medicinal ingredients at all and could make the pill spirit form Huakuan Dan everyday.

"Fine, five liang for five liang. This can be sold for fifty liang, which should be enough for us to use for a while." Chen Xiang said.

"Enough!" Qin Shuang only had thirty two Myriad Tao Divine Soil s on her hands right now, if she wanted to get this much, it wouldn’t be easy either.

After that, Qin Shuang brought Chen Xiang to a place that was filled with mixed clouds and dragons. She seemed to be extremely familiar with this type of place and she didn’t know how she used it so she quickly found a person who specialized in purchasing "black cores" and sold those Huakuan Dan.

Black Pills were pills concocted by Alchemist without the certification of the Hall of Pills. Alchemist like these did not dare to sell them openly, and could only sell them at a low price on the black market.

After Qin Shuang received the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, he also took out something to check if it was something that was naturally formed.

After selling all the pills, Qin Shuang quickly took Chen Xiang and left.

"If you sell it in the market, it will sell for at least fifteen taels of silver. After that, you can give the Alchemy Hall a fee of five taels of silver, which is at least ten taels." Qin Shuang and Chen Xiang went to an inn to rest.

"The Alchemy Hall is really dark!" Chen Xiang cursed.

"Isn’t it! However, the Alchemy God Hall is controlled by many powers, and they have been so exploited that they have even divided up Myriad Tao Divine Soil. " Qin Shuang sighed helplessly, "Those with great strength will mostly be relied on by the great powers, to exploit the weak along with them! If there was an expert who resisted, they would definitely disappear for no reason. "

Chen Xiang was not surprised at all by this matter. After going to so many different worlds in the past few years, he felt that the strong preyed on the weak.

"There are so many Myriad Tao Divine Soil s here!" Chen Xiang carefully looked at those naturally formed Myriad Tao Divine Soil s. He was looking for any difference between this kind of naturally formed Myriad Tao Divine Soil s and artificially created Myriad Tao Divine Soil s.

"Once in awhile, the World Defying Stage Soul River in the sky will fall down like a meteor, scattering all over the place above the Myriad Tao, so the Myriad Tao Divine Soil will never stop." Qin Shuang said: "In addition, now that people find out that you can use the Myriad Tao Divine Soil to strengthen your body and cultivate, that’s why the consumption to the Myriad Tao Divine Soil is great."

The naturally formed Myriad Tao Divine Soil was a pale golden color, and it was no different from something that was artificially refined. Chen Xiang carefully checked it and finally found what was different about it. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

The biggest feature of the artificially refined Myriad Tao Divine Soil was that it contained Sun madness fire s!

When Chen Xiang hadn’t cultivated a Sun madness fire, he had also artificially refined Myriad Tao Divine Soil s. And after a period of time, extremely weak Sun madness fire s would emerge from within these Myriad Tao Divine Soil s!

It was the same for the Myriad Tao Divine Soil s in Divine Soil Restricted Area. Divine Soil Restricted Area s were refined by Super Yang Old Ancestor s, they all have clear features!

Although the naturally formed Myriad Tao Divine Soil did not possess any Sun madness fire s, they possessed another type of energy, and could also be considered a type of flame. However, Chen Xiang did not know what kind of flame that was.

"Did you find anything?" Qin Shuang asked, she also seemed to know the problem of artificially refined Myriad Tao Divine Soil.

"Of course!" Chen Xiang nodded, and then told Qin Shuang about his discovery.

"That’s right, they were distinguished based on the special flames of the Myriad Tao Divine Soil s and the Sun madness fire s of the artificial Myriad Tao Divine Soil s." Qin Shuang said: "Although it’s the same whether these Myriad Tao Divine Soil s use it for artifact forging or for rest, those large powers do not allow it."

Chen Xiang frowned and said: "If the Myriad Tao Divine Soil that I refined can pass the test too ... Am I not rich? "