Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang wasn’t the kind of person who would honestly earn wealth, he himself had a heaven-defying talent for pill refining. If he wanted to do that, he would do it without hesitation. 80ebook/- -

Qin Shuang shook his head: "This is impossible, my grandfather had continuously tried it many years ago ... You have also seen the Myriad Tao Divine Soil inside the Divine Soil Restricted Area. Those are all Myriad Tao Divine Soil s that he accumulated after many years of trying. "

The corner of Chen Xiang’s mouth twitched. So many Myriad Tao Divine Soil s had all failed to accumulate information, then how many attempts had the Super Yang Old Ancestor made?

"It wasn’t just my grandfather who failed, even many of the Refiner s and Alchemist s above Myriad Tao did not succeed." Qin Shuang said: "And only my grandfather grasped the method to quickly refine Myriad Tao Divine Soil s, so the circulation of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s with Sun madness fire inside was prohibited, and those who refine this kind of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s would also be caught and killed."

"Xiao Shuangshuang, artificial Myriad Tao Divine Soil is not allowed to circulate in this place, but can I use weapons refined in this kind of Myriad Tao Divine Soil?" Chen Xiang laughed: "I am definitely unable to detect this kind of weapon!"

"This can’t be detected. After refining, all of the Sun madness fire in the Myriad Tao Divine Soil will be released." Qin Shuang nodded his head: "However, there is also a Divine Artifact Hall here, every time Refiner refines a Divine Artifact, they would have to leave a mark in the Divine Artifact Hall, otherwise they would not be able to be sold openly and would become a Black God Artifact." Qin Shuang snorted: "These big powers have calculated everything accurately."

The Divine Black Equipment were the same as the Black Dan, they could only circulate in the black color, and their value would be greatly reduced. 800)

"Also, if we use Black God Equipment in public battle, once we are discovered, it will be very troublesome." Qin Shuang said: "So when you use your divine artifact, you better be careful."

"This is a monopoly!" Chen Xiang was a little angry: "When we go to the God Equipment Hall to brand, do we have to pay Myriad Tao Divine Soil?"

"Yes!" Furthermore, if you want to become a Refiner and obtain the qualifications, the difficulty would be as great as that of a Alchemist. " Qin Shuang said: "In short, those people standing at the very top, do not want the people at the bottom to have it easy to turn the tables. They will think of all sorts of methods to restrict you."

Chen Xiang curled his lips: "It doesn’t matter, since I don’t have that kind of Myriad Tao Divine Soil, I can still live on like that."

"If you need a High Level Arrogant Core, you’ll have to pay a lot of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s." Qin Shuang said.

Chen Xiang thought about it, that was indeed the case. If he wanted to refine a type of pill, he would definitely need to use the Myriad Tao Divine Soil to purchase rare and precious medicinal ingredients. Without that kind of natural Myriad Tao Divine Soil, it would be extremely difficult to obtain.

After thinking about it, he felt that if he wanted to quickly transfer to this place and become a Myriad Tao Divine Soil, he could only go and hunt down the arrogant beasts. No wonder Qin Shuang had chased that Wild thunder tiger ever since, because that would be a fortune.

"What a place!" Chen Xiang curled his lips. "It seems like I can only refine a few more Huakuan Dan and sell them on the black market. Even though I’ve lost a bit, it’s still better than hunting down those arrogant wild beasts."

Only powerful arrogant beasts had value, but this kind of arrogant beast was extremely powerful and difficult to deal with.

Chen Xiang did not want to stay in this city anymore, because this city was only a small and medium-sized city. He wanted to go to those super cities to have a look, and see if he could find a way to earn Myriad Tao Divine Soil s or not.

"Xiao Shuangshuang, let’s leave this city." Chen Xiang told Qin Shuang his thoughts.

"Alright, it won’t be easy to sell the Wild thunder tiger here. If we go to a large place to sell it, the price would be even better."

After that, Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang arrived at the entrance of the city.

When they arrived at the entrance of the city, they saw many people gathered there. After asking around, they found that this place was sealed!

Qin Shuang frowned and whispered: "We’re in trouble."

The only one who had the power to seal the city was the young master from the Soul River Divine Race. Chen Xiang did not expect that this kind of young master would have such great ability, to be able to seal the city just because he said so.

"What should we do?" Chen Xiang whispered to Qin Shuang.

"The Wild thunder tiger is in your hands! Maybe there is something on the Wild thunder tiger that they can track to. " Qin Shuang anxiously said: "You must get rid of the Wild thunder tiger." VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Chen Xiang immediately checked inside his own You Yao Mountain Villa. The Wild thunder tiger’s corpse was placed in a corner by him, and he had Feng Ke’er inspect it too. As expected, there was a pearl inside the Wild thunder tiger.

"This is it!" When Chen Xiang saw that thing, he immediately used the Sound Transmission Technique to help him.

Qin Shuang immediately brought Chen Xiang to stroll around the city, looking for a place with fewer people.

"They’ve already sealed the city. Next, they’ll definitely search the entire city!" Qin Shuang said: "We must give up the Wild thunder tiger."

"I found something and threw it away." Chen Xiang really couldn’t bear to part with his Wild thunder tiger.

"No, for safety’s sake, we have to give up on the entire Wild thunder tiger. You must not underestimate the methods of those fellows from Soul River Divine Race." If the city was not sealed now, Qin Shuang would not be this cautious.

Chen Xiang dug a deep pit and buried the Wild thunder tiger’s corpse. Then, he asked Feng Ke’er to lay down a barrier.

He threw the other thing on the Wild thunder tiger far away.

Then, they came to the city gate and waited for the city seal to end.

After waiting for an hour, they suddenly heard a piece of news. They actually wanted all the people inside the city to come out and receive their checks, and the people who were checking were the two servants who chased after Qin Shuang.

"Oh no, that young master of the Soul River Divine Race is not an ordinary person. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have this kind of power." Qin Shuang’s face turned gloomy, he did not know what to do next.

There was already a very spacious area at the entrance of the city. Many people were driven out of hotels or inns for inspection. They were only complaining in their hearts and did not dare to say anything. Otherwise, they would be killed.

"They will definitely recognize you!" Chen Xiang said to Qin Shuang. "There’s only one way now, and that is for you to hide inside my Divine Sense Sea World. There’s an extremely strong barrier around my Divine Sense Sea World, and they definitely won’t be able to detect it."

Qin Shuang nodded, then quickly entered the devoid alley together with Chen Xiang, entering Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea World. Chen Xiang placed her in a concealed corner and let Feng Ke’er place a few layers of seals.

Along the way, Chen Xiang passed by the place where the Wild thunder tiger was buried. There wasn’t much movement from that place, but he had lost that thing and disappeared.

Chen Xiang came to the city gate to line up, and very soon, it was time to check on him. He smoothly passed, and this made him feel relaxed, he didn’t know when the city gate would open, and the city was enveloped by a barrier, unable to fly out.

Provide full text reading online, update faster article quality is better, if you feel good network share more! Thank you for your support!

High-speed launch of the most recent chapter on the world of alchemy, this chapter is the address for the chapter if you feel that this chapter is not bad, please do not forget to your QQ group and Weibo friends!