Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Inside the Six Realms mirrors, Chen Xiang felt that it was extremely safe. The Six Realms mirrors was extremely fast, even the carriage belonging to the young master of the Soul River Divine Race was unable to catch up to him. "Hu,"

According to Qin Shuang’s guidance, they headed towards a large city. This large city was called Heaven Fire City, and there were a lot of Alchemist s and Refiner s gathered inside.

Chen Xiang wanted to see the Primordial Demon Pill and the World Defying artifact, so Qin Shuang brought him to this city.

"Even if you eat the Huakuan Dan, it won’t be easy to head to the World Defying Stage Soul River." Chen Xiang ate a Huakuan Dan and for some reason, his consciousness could only arrive at the first level of World Defying Stage Soul River. He could not go up any further.

"It has always been like this. The stronger your cultivation, the harder it is for you to head to the higher levels of World Defying Stage Soul River." Qin Shuang said: "Usually, everyone only knows that World Defying Stage Soul River has three floors. But actually, World Defying Stage Soul River has four floors, it’s just that it’s extremely difficult to go up."

Chen Xiang had already heard that someone had condensed the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul of the fourth floor’s World Defying Stage Soul River!

"Have you been there?" Chen Xiang asked, he felt that if he wanted to condense the second World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, it would take a lot of time. First, he would need a period of time to reach the third floor, and then choose a World Defying Stage Fierce Soul from above.

"Of course I’ve been there before. One of the paths in my World Defying Stage Fierce Fighting Soul was acquired by the fourth floor. Otherwise, I wouldn’t be Gifted Fierce Fighting God." Qin Shuang said: "Of course, it’s extremely difficult for me to reach the fourth floor, if I were fellows from the Soul River Divine Race, it would be easy, they can even go to the legendary fifth floor, there are legendary Madness soul s inside, and they are extremely powerful."

Chen Xiang said in shock: "The fellows from the Soul River Divine Race are really frightening, they can actually easily make it to the fourth floor." 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Qin Shuang nodded his head: "Yes, so their strength is the strongest here. Although we have offended them, they do not know our true identity, otherwise we would be in big trouble."

Until now, Qin Shuang was still a little worried in her heart, because once Soul River Divine Race found out their identities, they would be hunted down and hunted down by World Defying Stage Soul River. That was what she was most afraid of.

Above this Myriad Tao, no one dared to offend the Soul River Divine Race. The reason why the Soul River Divine Race was able to stand tall above the Myriad Tao was not only because they were able to enter the fourth floor’s World Defying Stage Soul River, but also because they had mastered a powerful Inherent Skill.

"The most powerful thing about the Soul River Divine Race is that they are able to capture the most powerful World Defying Stage Fierce Soul from the World Defying Stage Soul River." Qin Shuang’s expression became serious.

To be able to directly capture World Defying Stage Fierce Soul from the World Defying Stage Soul River, if they were able to capture one and sell it, or use it to win over the hearts of people, it would definitely have a great attraction, allowing many strong warriors to work hard for them.

The people of Soul River Divine Race do not lack Myriad Tao Divine Soil, they only lack all kinds of Alchemist! Of course, the Soul River Divine Race also had a lot of competition power, and they often fought amongst themselves, so this kind of thing was not rare in the large clans.

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "Looks like we have offended them, we must be more careful in the future. We definitely cannot let them discover our true identities, if not it would be difficult to take even a single step from now on."

Chen Xiang had already experienced the difficulty of condensing World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s, and even if he ate Huakuan Dan s, it would be impossible. He felt that even if he ate high quality Huakuan Dan s, it would only allow him to go to the second level of World Defying Stage Soul River, and his current goal was to go to the fourth level of World Defying Stage Soul River.

Ever since he knew that there was a World Defying Stage Soul River of the fourth floor, he no longer bothered with the third floor, and his goal was even higher.

"It’s impossible for you to only want to eat Huakuan Dan now." Qin Shuang saw that Chen Xiang had eaten a few Huakuan Dan s, and could tell that Chen Xiang was extremely anxious to condense the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul.

"Then what should we do?" Chen Xiang frowned.

"The higher your cultivation is now, the greater the restrictions on you going to the World Defying Stage Soul River. And if you want to break through that level of assistance, you need to increase in all aspects under your current cultivation in order to break through and easily reach the higher levels of the World Defying Stage Soul River."

At that time, he had thought that he would be able to easily cultivate your World Defying Stage Fierce Soul through eating Huakuan Dan s in the future. Although it was possible now, the condensed World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s were not good.

"You have to focus on your own cultivation, strengthening your physical body, and mental strength, because only then will you be able to capture a strong World Defying Stage Fierce Soul when your mental strength is above World Defying Stage Soul River. Otherwise, when you encounter a strong World Defying Stage Fierce Soul to capture, you will discover that your strength is insufficient and you will regret it." Qin Shuang seriously warned Chen Xiang.

"I got it!" Chen Xiang nodded immediately: "That’s enough, you can get the World Defying Stage Fierce Fighting Soul from the Purple Yang Excalibur."

"That was mine." Qin Shuang scoffed, "When you are condensing your World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, don’t be impatient. You must be able to hold it in and not fuse it until you meet a World Defying Stage Fierce Soul that you are satisfied with. Otherwise, if you want to give up on the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul that you have fused with, you will have to pay a huge price."

"The early formation of the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul will greatly affect your future development, so you must take this to heart."

No one had ever told this to Chen Xiang before. If not for Qin Shuang telling him, he would not have known.

"Thank you, Xiao Shuangshuang." Chen Xiang laughed: "If it wasn’t for your reminder, I might have gone too far."

"Just remember my words." Qin Shuang really didn’t think that a guy like Chen Xiang would actually not know how to cultivate. She believed that Chen Xiang must have been cultivating in a reckless manner all the way.

Chen Xiang took out a few Myriad Tao Divine Soil s, all of them were taken from Divine Soil Restricted Area s, at that time, he only took around ten thousand kilograms, but he couldn’t go back for a while now, so he regretted taking less.

"How do I use Myriad Tao Divine Soil to cultivate?" Chen Xiang asked, the people above Myriad Tao had already discovered the method to use Myriad Tao Divine Soil to strengthen the physical body, but Chen Xiang did not.

"Generally speaking, first you have to buy array discs from a talisman shop. Those array discs can release very strong flames, and then through which kind of flame you can melt Myriad Tao Divine Soil." Qin Shuang said: "Since you can refine Crystal emperor, then you must know how to melt the Myriad Tao Divine Soil right?"

"Of course I understand!" To Chen Xiang, this was a piece of cake.

"If you melt the Myriad Tao Divine Soil into a liquid, then eat it immediately. Then, circulate your energy to refine, and let the melted Myriad Tao Divine Soil flow within your body." Qin Shuang said: "When a melted Myriad Tao Divine Soil flows within its body, its physical body will constantly strengthen."

Chen Xiang frowned, and asked: "Why not refine the Myriad Tao Divine Soil into a pill? The effect should be very good! Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pellet, this is a really good idea! "