Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Shuang shook his head: "Previously, many Alchemist s thought it was possible, but after they took great pains to refine Myriad Tao Divine Soil into a pill, they realized that once Myriad Tao Divine Soil enters his body, he would immediately spurt out a large amount of energy.

Chen Xiang thought for a moment, then nodded: "It is indeed so, but if it was me who refined it, then it wouldn’t be like them. It’s just that their standards aren’t high enough, and they don’t know how to change it."

The traditional way was to use a lot of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s, then compress and refine them to make the quality of the Myriad Tao Divine Soil s increase, and in the end, condense them into a pill. At that time, the energy inside this Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pill would become extremely terrifying.

"So you’re going to do this?" Qin Shuang said: "If you want to refine a pellet, then you will need a lot of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s. But if you want to refine a pellet, then the quality will definitely improve by a lot! Myriad Tao Divine Soil levelling up means that his energy is even more powerful. Myriad Tao Divine Soil’s energy is very violent. "

"Myriad Tao Divine Soil’s energy is berserk, but it can completely suppress that berserk energy by adding in other things. It can even transform that berserk energy into something that can strengthen the body and temper the soul." Chen Xiang laughed. He had these ingredients, although not very high quality, but after being refined, it could achieve the desired effect.

"Alchemist has also raised this idea before, but not by much. Alchemist did it, otherwise, this pill would definitely be sold off. " Qin Shuang said: "Using the Myriad Tao Divine Soil to cultivate has become very popular today, but the Myriad Tao Divine Soil is unusually violent, so it requires you to endure a certain amount of pain and danger during cultivation."

Chen Xiang took out two types of medicinal herbs. One was a fruit, the other was a small purple grass. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

"On the black fruit it’s called the Fire God Suppressing Fruit and on the purple grass it’s called the Mad Soft Grass." Chen Xiang laughed: "You must have never heard of these two medicinal ingredients before, right?"

Qin Shuang shook his head: "There are so many herbs, it’s normal that I haven’t heard of them, is it alright if I just add them all?"

"According to my understanding of the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, I think it should be enough!" Chen Xiang laughed: "These two medicinal herbs are not even available in Heaven Old Super Realm."

The two medicinal herbs that Chen Xiang had taken out were both grown in the Divine Wasteland, and compared to the medicine above the Heaven Old Super Realm, they were considered to be of a very low grade. However, under the Mei Jing Sisters’s nurturing, the level of the medicinal herbs would continuously increase, to the extent of being comparable to arrogant medicine.

This kind of medicinal herb was not available to Myriad Tao or above. Even if there was one, it was extremely rare, because this kind of medicinal herb was very difficult to cultivate in the first place, and it was innately resistant to fire.

Chen Xiang took out a Tianchuang furnace, then a kilogram of Myriad Tao Divine Soil!

"Do you want to use so many Myriad Tao Divine Soil s to refine it?" Qin Shuang was a little surprised: "Based on what I know, when other Alchemist s refined this Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pellet, they would at most use half a kilogram, or two and a half grams ... Furthermore, normally, when Myriad Tao Divine Soil s are directly used for cultivation, it would only be by one or two taels. Only late stage or peak level World Defying crazy realm cultivators like us can use four to five taels to cultivate it once. "

After all, being able to raise the quality of a half kilogram Myriad Tao Divine Soil to one kilogram, or even two kilograms, was not something that anyone could endure.

Chen Xiang immediately took a step forward. In Qin Shuang’s eyes, this was simply foolishness.

"You’ll know when I finish." Chen Xiang laughed: "This pill was created by me. If I could sell it, I would definitely prosper!"

Seeing Chen Xiang’s confident look, Qin Shuang was skeptical. She knew that Chen Xiang had true abilities, otherwise she would not be able to refine a Crystal emperor. She had been in Myriad Tao for a while, and she was the granddaughter of the Super Yang Old Ancestor, so she was very familiar with the matters of the Crystal emperor.

Many major powers above Myriad Tao had always been researching Crystal emperor, but not many succeeded, and only a few could do it, but it required a lot of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals.

Furthermore, those Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals were made using the Myriad Tao Divine Soil s themselves, so it would be extremely difficult for them to obtain just a little Crystal emperor.

But Chen Xiang could get nine or maybe even more! Qin Shuang knew clearly that the Ancient Super Yang Divine Alter had been restored by Chen Xiang, and he himself needed nine Crystal emperor, but Chen Xiang himself had used several of them!

Although he had a large amount of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals as his foundation, this was still pretty good, and was much better than the s of the clans above Myriad Tao.

Therefore, just because Chen Xiang was able to refine a Crystal emperor, Qin Shuang did not dare to underestimate his ability to refine pills!

"If you can succeed, this pill will be of great use to me. I can only use six taels of Myriad Tao Divine Soil to cultivate it once, and I will also have to endure a lot of pain." Qin Shuang said.

"It will definitely succeed!"

Chen Xiang had already started, he used Sun madness fire s to quickly melt the Myriad Tao Divine Soil inside the pill furnace, and the ingredients were being refined extremely quickly!

The Medicine crystal formed from the medicinal herbs did not have any conflict with the crystal formed from the Myriad Tao Divine Soil. Even if there were some, they would have been quickly taken down by the Medicine crystal.

There were a certain number of Sun madness fire in the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, and even if they had turned into crystals, there was still a small amount of them.

The reason why the Myriad Tao Divine Soil had become so berserk after entering the human body was mostly because of the flames contained within.

With the addition of the Mad Soft Grass, the violent energy flames would become gentle. After softening, it would even turn into energy!

Although there were many kinds of strange medicinal herbs that he could not use for the time being, he was a Alchemist, and just like to collect these medicinal herbs, he thought that he might use them in the future.

And now he did.

After all, he was concocting so many Myriad Tao Divine Soil s, and there were even two types of medicinal ingredients that were at the level of arrogant medicine.

At this time, the Six Realms mirrors was moving very steadily and safely. It could let him feel at ease while concocting pills, without delaying his journey.

Six hours later, Chen Xiang opened the furnace and smiled: "Everything is going smoothly, come, let me try out my Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pill!"

Qin Shuang watched as Chen Xiang took out a golden pill from the furnace. He frowned and took it.

"There won’t be a problem, right?" Qin Shuang was a little worried: "Don’t mess with me!"

Qin Shuang knew that Chen Xiang was an extremely mischievous person.

"Are you worried that I put aphrodisiac ingredients in there?" Chen Xiang laughed sinisterly.