Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Shuang glared at Chen Xiang fiercely. Seeing Chen Xiang’s cheap smile, she couldn’t help but be worried.

"I lied to you!" Eat quickly, only you know the difference between this and using the Myriad Tao Divine Soil to cultivate directly. " Chen Xiang said: "Don’t worry, I can guarantee that there is nothing else inside."

Qin Shuang rolled his eyes as he ate the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pill.

After eating it, at first, she only felt that her stomach was warm and comfortable, but after that, a familiar warm current suddenly burst out. When it burst out, it scared her, and she even shouted loudly because she was afraid that it was the Myriad Tao Divine Soil’s berserk energy that had erupted.

At the same time, she felt extremely happy, because after the explosion, the energy within the Myriad Tao Divine Soil flowed into every part of her body. That kind of warm energy flowed through her limbs and bones, giving her a very comfortable feeling.

That was the special energy inside the Myriad Tao Divine Soil. In the past, when she was cultivating, this kind of warm current was extremely weak. At the same time, it would also be accompanied by a scorching and berserk energy flowing through her body, causing her to feel extremely painful.

But now, there was no pain at all, and there was still a lot of that kind of warm energy, she estimated that it was at least as effective as five kilograms of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s.

"How is it?" Seeing Qin Shuang opening his eyes, Chen Xiang anxiously asked. "Yes."

"Very good!" Qin Shuang’s ice-cold eyes were filled with admiration and joy. The pellet Chen Xiang refined could completely replace Myriad Tao Divine Soil; if Chen Xiang could sell this pellet, he would definitely be able to earn a lot of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s.

It was a pity that the pill trade was being controlled very strictly by the big powers, unless Chen Xiang became a Alchemist. But with Chen Xiang’s current strength, if he joined a small power and displayed his talent in pill refining, he would definitely be forced by the powerful Alchemist to hand over their secret pill techniques.

"I knew I would succeed!" Chen Xiang chuckled: "I must refine a few more of these pellets. I want my physical body and spirit to reach their peak before going to the World Defying Stage Soul River. I want to see how high of a World Defying Stage Soul River I can climb!"

Before, when Chen Xiang witnessed the power of the Soul River Divine Race, if he did not have sufficient strength, he would not be able to fight against such a colossal being like the Soul River Divine Race.

"We’re almost at the Heaven Fire City." Qin Shuang said: "Let’s go out! Even if that fellow could chase us all the way here, he would not dare to act rashly. Heaven Fire City is a huge city, so he would not dare to act recklessly here. "

When Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang came out of the Six Realms mirrors, he planned to settle down in Heaven Fire City before using the Time Domain to refine the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pellet.

It was very expensive to enter the Heaven Fire City, and each person needed one jin of entry fee. Fortunately, they had sold some Huakuan Dan before, so even if they paid the entrance fee, they would still have some left.

"It’s really big!" When Chen Xiang was outside, he could see that the city walls were very thick, and there were layers of enchantments and arrays inside the walls, even Feng Ke’er would find it difficult to break through them.

Entering the city, Chen Xiang saw hundreds of gigantic towers that lined up on both sides of the wide streets. They were all tall and big towers, and the shortest one was below a hundred floors.

"Follow me closely!" Qin Shuang said as she quickly walked through the inner city walls: "The inn near the city gate is very expensive, we should go to a more remote place."

"Up to you!" Chen Xiang followed behind, paying attention to the cultivation levels of the passersby, there were many of them being World Defying crazy realm s, their overall level was much higher than in the small city.

Qin Shuang brought Chen Xiang to a relatively deserted area. The aura of the World Defying Stage Fierce Power was extremely sparse, and it was clearly caused by a large formation. Furthermore, the areas with dense World Defying Stage Fierce Power were all in a bustling area.

Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang did not need to absorb the World Defying Stage Fierce Power to cultivate, so it did not matter to them anymore.

"Fifty silver Myriad Tao Divine Soil s for one month!" The innkeeper said.

"Why is it so expensive? This wasn’t the price before!" Qin Shuang frowned: "It’s at least twice as expensive!"

"Miss, this is the cheapest room in Heaven Fire City, moreover, there are only four rooms left. Someone else will come if you don’t stay." The manager shook his head.

"Alright, let’s stay here!" Qin Shuang took out the last fifty pairs of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s and kept cursing in his heart.

"Manager, why did it suddenly become expensive?" Qin Shuang was very curious about this.

"The four great races are gathered here, and many people are here to join in on the fun. That’s why they’re here." The manager said, "Don’t tell me that you didn’t come because of this matter?"

"Who knows?" Chen Xiang came here to see the world.

After Qin Shuang received the room plate, he dragged Chen Xiang to the tenth floor and entered a very small room. There was a bed and a table in this room, which made it even more crowded.

"Fifty taels of Myriad Tao Divine Soil. This is simply robbery." Chen Xiang curled his lips. In order to save Myriad Tao Divine Soil, they could only live in one room.

"I really didn’t expect to meet a group gathering." Qin Shuang was extremely helpless: "Looks like that Soul River Divine Race fellow will also come here with your computer. We have to be careful."

Chen Xiang sat on a chair, took out something to eat, and shook his head: "What is the purpose of their gathering?"

Qin Shuang sat on the bed and said: "They are most likely discussing some important matter, or planning on working together to do something. They are currently announcing to the outside world in a high-profile manner, and it is very likely that they are planning to join hands to fight against their common enemy ... Of course, this has nothing to do with us. "

"The Wild thunder tiger is in my hands, do you think we should sell it?" Chen Xiang said.

Qin Shuang thought for a while, then said: "Sell it! That fellow from the Soul River Divine Race will most likely come, but he won’t come as fast as us. We’ll sell the Wild thunder tiger to the big powers here and give some hatred to the young masters of the Soul River Divine Race. "

Chen Xiang laughed sinisterly: "Xiao Shuangshuang, I never thought that you would also be such a sinister fellow, you’re truly from the same world!"

After that, Qin Shuang brought Chen Xiang and left the inn. Qin Shuang was extremely familiar with the city, she brought Chen Xiang to travel through the streets and alleys, and after half a day, they finally arrived at a magnificent, golden tower.

"This is Soul River Divine Race’s shop, let me see if I can sell it here successfully."

Qin Shuang went in to test the waters and found out that the shop was selling Wild thunder tiger’s corpses. This surprised Qin Shuang and she immediately sold it, selling a total of a few hundred Myriad Tao Divine Soil s.

"Let’s go!" After Qin Shuang finished inspecting all the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, she anxiously left with Chen Xiang. Right now, she was extremely nervous.

Returning to the inn, Chen Xiang laughed: "Not long later, that ugly wanted poster of you will fill the entire city, hehe!" VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔