Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Now that Qin Shuang had sold a Wild thunder tiger’s corpse here, it would definitely attract some attention. Before long, any of the young masters in Soul River Divine Race would know, and at that time, they would definitely know that Qin Shuang was here.

After Qin Shuang arrived here, he was no longer afraid of that young master. Although he had a lot of power, his power was not enough to seal this gigantic Heaven Fire City. "..."

"I’m not afraid. Isn’t it just a portrait? They can catch me just because of this, they’re underestimating me too much. " Now that Qin Shuang had obtained the Purple Yang Excalibur, he was extremely confident in his own strength.

She was already at the peak of the World Defying crazy realm, and her grandfather was the Super Yang Old Ancestor. Since she had inherited the Super Yang Old Ancestor’s bloodline, her aptitude must be very good.

"Fine." Chen Xiang followed Qin Shuang around the city, looking for news everywhere.

Qin Shuang was asking about information about the Heaven Old Imperial Family, which made her quite famous, and now that Hong Qianyi was here, he would definitely make a move. Qin Shuang wanted to find Hong Qianyi and kill him, but she had almost succeeded that day.

"Hong Qianyi did not spread the news about me." After asking around for a bit, Qin Shuang temporarily came to this conclusion.

"He probably doesn’t want anyone else to find you." Chen Xiang laughed: "Even if we put the Purple Yang Excalibur here, it would still be a pretty good weapon!" 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"Of course. Although the Purple Yang Excalibur were refined by grandfather, as long as they are strong enough, even without the God Equipment Hall’s authentication, there will still be many experts fighting for them." Qin Shuang snorted: "As long as the big powers here get their hands on them, they can easily get the Divine Artifact Hall to give their certification ... Furthermore, even if they were to use a God Equipment without authentication, no one would go and talk about them. "

Chen Xiang scolded in a low voice: "This group of scoundrels, one day, I will take care of them all!"

Qin Shuang brought Chen Xiang back to the tavern. The young master of the Soul River Divine Race did not come, and they could not gather much information. Qin Shuang had also asked about the young master today, but not many people had heard of him.

On the way back to the inn, there were many people gathered around one of them, watching something.

Chen Xiang was originally not interested in it, but when he heard the familiar voice, he was shocked: "King’s Dao! Half-ghost Old Man! "

"Everyone, don’t worry. I’ll be able to concoct this Lu Dan very soon. Patience, wait." Wang Dao laughed as he shouted.

"They concoct pills on the streets!" Qin Shuang said: "He passed the Alchemy Hall’s authentication, but is unwilling to surrender to other great powers and come out on his own. This kind of Alchemist cannot own their own shops, they can only set up stalls on the streets."

"I know this geezer ..." He’s very powerful! " Chen Xiang had learned a lot from the king back then, so he was very grateful towards him.

Qin Shuang did not expect Chen Xiang to have friends here, but she thought that Chen Xiang was a very powerful Alchemist, and it was normal for him to have friends there.

Chen Xiang anxiously squeezed through the crowd and indeed, he saw Wang Dao, the little old man. He was dressed in white and had grey clothes, his hair was white, he sat cross-legged on the ground and was focused on staring at a pill furnace.

After looking at the pill furnace for a while, he suddenly smiled mischievously, talking to the people around him. Chen Xiang looked at the jade box beside his pill furnace, the ingredients inside were all Huakuan Dan s.

Wang Dao was currently refining a Huakuan Dan. To Wang Dao, refining this kind of pill did not take a long time and could be quickly done on the spot. This method made many believe in him.

"I want a hundred Huakuan Dan. How long will it take for you to refine them for me?" Chen Xiang suddenly said.

"Kid, you must be here to cause trouble!" Wang Dao looked at Chen Xiang, and suddenly felt that the young man in front of him was very familiar.

Wang Dao quickly recognized Chen Xiang!

"Brat, you actually came to the Myriad Tao ... Wait, you’re already a World Defying crazy realm, not bad! " Wang Dao was extremely surprised at Chen Xiang’s progress, because last time he communicated with Chen Xiang, Chen Xiang was still very weak.

Wang Dao very quickly finished refining this furnace, then closed up the stall. After apologizing to many people, he left with Chen Xiang.

Qin Shuang and Chen Xiang followed Wang Dao to a relatively good inn, and saw that the place where they were staying was much larger than theirs, with one hall and two rooms.

"This girl is very unusual. Is she your woman?" Wang Dao chuckled.

"You saw it!" Chen Xiang laughed, and the adjacent Qin Shuang immediately glared at him.

Qin Shuang could not see through her, but Wang Dao could see that she was abnormal.

"Oh right, Half-ghost Old Man, where’s Uncle Ji Xingyuan?" Back then, when Ji Xingyuan went from No Tao Place to Myriad Tao, he should have met with many people.

Wang Dao originally poured tea for Chen Xiang, but when Chen Xiang asked this question, his hands couldn’t help but tremble, but they quickly calmed down and continued to pour tea for Chen Xiang and the others.

"Dead!" Although Wang Dao’s voice was very calm, it was filled with endless grief and anger.

Ji Xingyuan had helped Ji Xingyuan break through cultivation back then, and allowed Ji Xingyuan to go to the Myriad Tao to find the way of the King. But now, he was actually dead!

Chen Xiang remembered that Wang Dao once said that he needed the help of some friends. It was obvious that he encountered some difficulties, and Myriad Tao Dan God who had a good relationship with Wang Dao was also killed at the same time!

"Uncle... "Him!" Chen Xiang did not dare believe it, an anger was surging from the bottom of his heart, seeing that a wave of powerful Spirit Qi was about to burst out, Wang Dao immediately grabbed onto his shoulder: "Calm down!"

When Chen Xiang was at No Tao Place, he received a lot of care from Ji Xingyuan. Ji Xingyuan treated him extremely well, and in his heart, he saw Ji Xingyuan as his own elder.

"Who killed him?" Chen Xiang’s cold voice carried a trace of trembling fury. Qin Shuang, who was watching from the side, frowned, this was the first time she had seen Chen Xiang this angry.

"Fierce Saber Race!" Wang Dao said: "Just like Myriad Tao Dan God, we were all killed by him!"

Qin Shuang exclaimed: "Fierce Saber Race is only slightly weaker than Soul River Divine Race, and is a large race above Myriad Tao."

"The true strength of the Fierce Saber Race is not weaker than that of the Soul River Divine Race. They should be the same." Wang Dao sighed, "They wanted to control our little human circle, but we refused. We had a conflict with them, and in the end, many people were killed ... Over the years, they have fought against us many times, but this time, their power suddenly increased.

"Who cares if he’s a Fierce Saber Race or not, now that they have killed uncle, I will definitely exterminate them and take revenge for uncle!" Chen Xiang bellowed, his body constantly releasing hot Qi, the anger in his body was being suppressed as much as possible, and did not burst out.

"I would like to, but this matter needs to be considered carefully... All the humans who come from below are now living in random places. They no longer live together, and they only agree to meet once in a while. " Wang Dao’s heart was filled with hatred, but he knew the strength of Fierce Saber Race, which was not something he could handle.