It was only a matter of time before Alchemist would become strong. Alchemist at his level could turn corruption into magic, and they had a lifespan that was close to eternity!

Generally speaking, even above Myriad Tao, were extremely powerful clans, they would try their best to avoid offending this Alchemist who had great potential. If they were to offend them, they must kill them, otherwise, they might face a calamity. Popular novel interview:

After all these years in the Myriad Tao, it was not as if the extermination of a strong race by the Alchemist had never happened.

Chen Xiang was the same as Wang Dao, he had great potential. If he provoked them and allowed them to live, they would definitely find a place to concoct pills with all their might, until possessed enough strength, then come out to take revenge!

Previously, Qin Shuang had thought that no Alchemist would be able to refine a pill for cultivation, but he had done it, and it was done easily as well. This was Chen Xiang’s terrifying potential.

"The reason why Soul River Divine Race is strong is because they can easily obtain a strong World Defying Stage Fierce Soul ... When one is in the World Defying crazy realm realm, the requirements for the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul are very large. With a good World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, there will be more room for growth in the future. "

Wang Dao stood beside the window, looking up at the sky, his cultivation had already surpassed the World Defying crazy realm, but he did not know how much, just that he was very strong.

"But in the eyes of our Alchemist, this is not absolute. Wang Dao turned his head, looked at Chen Xiang and smiled: "Chen Xiang, you definitely do not know that World Defying Stage Fierce Soul can be refined, right?!"

"Can World Defying Stage Fierce Soul do it too?" Chen Xiang was immediately stunned.

Qin Shuang was secretly shocked, in her eyes, these Alchemist were all lunatics.

"Yes, I have!" "Back then, I did not know how great an impact the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul would have in the future, so when I first started, I only managed to make do with it."

"But then I found out that the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul restricted my growth!" Wang Daochild chuckled, "Then I will think of a way to refine my fused World Defying Stage Fierce Soul once again, so that they can become even more powerful! Of course, we are the only ones who can use this method, because the techniques we practice are all the same. "

"How do I refine it?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"I’ll provide you with some ideas, but you’ll need to find them yourself. Once you find them, it’ll be very easy." Wang Dao had Chen Xiang sit down.

"Once the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul is fused, it’s extremely difficult to give it up. Although it’s possible, it requires one to pay a very large price, and one almost has to start from a new cultivation."

"At that time, I felt that the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul would definitely strengthen later on in my life after fusing with it. Then, I would consume a pill and use my spirit to search for a powerful World Defying Stage Fierce Soul in the World Defying Stage Soul River. After I found it, I would capture all of these World Defying Stage Fierce Soul and refine them into a World Defying Stage Fierce Soul Pellet to eat."

Wang Daohei laughed: "After the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul was refined into a pellet, it will transform into energy, and after consuming it, it will be absorbed by the originally weak World Defying Stage Fierce Soul! You need to be clear that, of the World Defying Stage Soul River s on the third floor that we are familiar with, the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul in the first floor is the weakest! However, after these World Defying Stage Fierce Soul experience countless difficulties, it will improve itself and finally ascend to the third level, World Defying Stage Soul River, or even the fourth level, or even the legendary fifth level! "

"Indeed, the countless World Defying Stage Fierce Soul in the World Defying Stage Soul River are devouring each other, and can constantly improve themselves!" Qin Shuang nodded his head: "Over the years, there have been many people who have attempted to devour the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul and raise their original World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, but they have been unable to achieve it. The main reason is that the original World Defying Stage Fierce Soul does not absorb the other energies from the other World Defying Stage Fierce Soul."

Wang Daoi laughed complacently: "That’s because their level is not high enough, and they haven’t thoroughly studied the situation, and I have done it, my current World Defying Stage Fierce Soul is even comparable to the strength of the fourth floor’s World Defying Stage Soul River!"

Chen Xiang took note of these words. He would try it again when he had the time.

"Half-ghost Old Man, she was recognized, and we are selling the Wild thunder tiger here, do you think He Yancong can find her?" Chen Xiang asked. Right now, it was only Qin Shuang exposing himself.

Although this is the city of Fierce Saber Race, it will not be sealed. There will be a lot of people from the other big clans that will be active here, so they will definitely cause a commotion. "Su Yun said. Wang Dao replied, "There’s nothing to worry about. Back then, when I killed a few important figures of the Fierce Saber Race, I didn’t see anything that they could do to me."

Although Chen Xiang suppressed the hatred in his heart, he felt that it was not enough to just kill Zhu Haiprofound. He had to kill all the people who attacked Ji Xingyuan back then, even the entire Fierce Saber Race!

"Their defenses must be very tight. It would be hard for me to find a chance to attack them." Wang Dao said, "I need to keep an eye on them right now ..." I do not wish to miss this opportunity.

The reason Wang Dao set up his stall on the street was also to investigate news.

After he left the tavern, Chen Xiang also left with Qin Shuang, and hurriedly returned to the tavern they were staying at. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"Xiao Shuangshuang, I want to ’sneak in’ into Zhu Haiprofound’s residence." Chen Xiang’s face turned serious.

"Chen Xiang, do not be ’chaotic’, the core strength of Fierce Saber Race is currently gathered here, and your cultivation is too low, this is a very dangerous situation." Qin Shuang said: "You are currently unable to use the power of space, this is not Heaven Old Super Realm."

"Of course I know, I won’t attack. I just want to find out where the World Defying holy dragon is." Chen Xiang said: "I’m going to look for the World Defying holy dragon!"

"You’re crazy!" Qin Shuang shouted in shock, "The World Defying holy dragon’s strength far surpasses our imagination, and is even more difficult to deal with. The Tao-creation Divine Crystals are only so small, and it’s not that easy to obtain them, they might have already been used up by the World Defying holy dragon."

"I am not going for the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals!" Chen Xiang said: "I want to hurry and find the World Defying holy dragon in front of that group of fellows. When I get there, I’ll plan my next step based on the situation."

"Alright, you really came in a mess!" Qin Shuang sighed: "Wait for me here, I’ll go and find out where Zhu Haiprofound and the rest are."

Chen Xiang didn’t want to ask Wang Dao about it, because he didn’t want Wang Dao to know about it. It was extremely dangerous, so Wang Dao would definitely stop him.

After Qin Shuang left the place, he did not feel at ease, so he followed quietly from behind. At the same time, he released several Mouse Man s who were shopping.

He quickly saw Qin Shuang’s portrait. It seemed that He Yancong had come to the Heaven Fire City and found out that the Wild thunder tiger had been ’sold’. He must be very angry.

"We have to follow Xiao Shuangshuang first, so that she won’t be in danger." Chen Xiang anxiously chased after him.