Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang followed behind Qin Shuang, and just as he was about to follow and call out to Qin Shuang, two men in gold armor suddenly ran out and stopped Qin Shuang. slant,

Qin Shuang was shocked, but he quickly calmed himself because the person stopping him was not from Soul River Divine Race. From his attire, it seemed like he was from Fierce Saber Race.

Chen Xiang who was at the back saw that, and was extremely worried, and quickly sent a sound transmission to Qin Shuang, asking: "Xiao Shuangshuang, who are these people? They seem to be after you! "

"It’s the people from the Fierce Saber Race!" Qin Shuang took a few steps back, wanting to distance himself from the two of them, but behind her, a handsome man dressed in luxurious clothing walked over. The man had a demonic smile on his face, his appearance was extremely handsome, and his skin was fair.

"It’s you!" Qin Shuang frowned, and asked solemnly: "Zhu Haiprofound, what are you doing?"

Qin Shuang had already disguised himself, but he was still recognized by Zhu Haiprofound, who knows what methods he used.

Chen Xiang was panicking in his heart. This young master of the Fierce Saber Race actually appeared in the busy city just like that.

"Nothing much, I just want to invite you to a meal to show me some face!" After Zhu Haiprofound finished speaking, he took out a portrait of fire, it really was the bounty for her capture.

"It’s ugly." Zhu Haiprofound evilly smiled: "You should be aware of your current situation. If you fall into that guy’s hands, it will be extremely painful ... "If you follow me, I can guarantee that nothing will happen to you!"

Chen Xiang watched the two burly men in golden armor from afar. Although they belonged to Peak of World Defying crazy realm, Qin Shuang was much stronger than them. Although Zhu Haiprofound was a late stage Gifted Fierce Fighting God, he could still deal with him if Qin Shuang used a Purple Yang Excalibur.

"Xiao Shuangshuang, wait and see when you can escape!" Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to Qin Shuang. He could see that the two golden-armoured men of the Fierce Saber Race had already sealed off Qin Shuang’s path, and Zhu Haiprofound was blocking Qin Shuang’s path.

Aside from that, there were also a few other Fierce Saber Race’s people hiding around, they were not weak!

Chen Xiang couldn’t understand how Qin Shuang could have found him so quickly.

Qin Shuang could not possibly follow Zhu Haiprofound back. If she followed Zhu Haiprofound back, the consequences would be obvious, as Zhu Haiprofound had coveted her beauty for a long time already. Once there was a chance, he would definitely not let her go.

Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors, and it turned into a small mirror in his hands. He asked Feng Ke’er to activate a formation.

After the formation was activated, a mass of colorless clouds appeared on the surface of the mirror. This cloud contained a very tyrannical aura and once the light clouds enveloped the area, it was impossible for one to see anything clearly.

Chen Xiang immediately rushed over, and at the same time, Qin Shuang summoned his Purple Yang Excalibur and stabbed it towards the Zhu Haiprofound in front of her! Amidst the five-coloured light, only Chen Xiang could see it clearly. When he rushed over, he had already seen Qin Shuang pull out his sword.

Although he was unable to see anything clearly for the moment, Qin Shuang was able to accurately unleash a sword strike according to the impact and strike Zhu Haiprofound’s eyes. Just as the strike was about to hit, Zhu Haiprofound’s body exploded out with a strong wave of Qi that sent Qin Shuang flying, while Zhu Haiprofound felt the powerful attack just now, and immediately used that power to escape.

Chen Xiang hurried over to Qin Shuang’s side and placed Qin Shuang inside the Six Realms mirrors, then he blended into the crowd and quickly left this place. At this time, his heart was also extremely nervous.

"What a pity!" Chen Xiang returned to the inn and let Qin Shuang out.

Qin Shuang was also slightly out of breath now. Just now, she had used all her strength to attack Zhu Haiprofound, she did not expect Zhu Haiprofound to have such a strong armor on him. Not only could it absorb her power, it could also burst out with a strong force of force and shock to push her away.

"Yeah, I almost got rid of him!" Qin Shuang took a deep breath.

"How the hell did he recognize you? And he seemed to know where you were." Chen Xiang frowned: "Looks like we won’t be able to stay in this city for too long."

"We really have to leave this place as soon as possible." Qin Shuang nodded: "It’s possible that he found me using this object."

Qin Shuang took out a jade tablet, and said: "This was Divine Sects Wildfire’s original disciple identity jade tablet!"

With that, Qin Shuang crushed the jade tablet.

"Let’s go, we can’t stay here any longer!" Chen Xiang opened the window and looked at the street below. There were many armoured guards looking for something, and in their hands was a portrait. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Fighting was not allowed in the Heaven Fire City, and just now, a young master was almost killed. This was a very serious matter, so the entire power of the Heaven Fire City was mobilized.

"It seems like we can only think of another way to investigate the whereabouts of the World Defying holy dragon." Qin Shuang saw that the entire city was investigating her. If they continued to stay here, they would definitely be in danger.

"I hope Half-ghost Old Man can succeed!"

Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang hurriedly left the inn, and prepared to leave Heaven Fire City.

When they arrived at the city’s gate, although it was not sealed, the security at the gate was extremely tight. Chen Xiang could only let Qin Shuang enter the Six Realms mirrors and let him queue up by himself to leave the city.

The inspection passed without a hitch when it reached him. He then walked out of the city gate with a large group of people, and just as he was about to exit the city, someone suddenly shouted from behind, "It’s that guy ... I remember his aura. "

Chen Xiang did not know who the voice was, but he remembered that it belonged to the person who spoke. It was He Yancong who sat in the carriage that day!

He Yancong unexpectedly remembered Chen Xiang’s aura, which caused Chen Xiang to be extremely surprised. After hearing He Yancong’s voice, he hurriedly called out for his Six Realms mirrors, and then entered it.

The Six Realms mirrors turned into a wheel, rolling quickly on the ground. Carrying a golden light, it disappeared into the distance, but the moment the Six Realms mirrors left its original location, a few array discs flew over, releasing seals, wanting to capture Chen Xiang, but Chen Xiang had already escaped far away.

"Just who is this guy, to actually have such a powerful thing." He had been bewitched by Chen Xiang when he used Six Realms mirrors s, and he had nearly been killed by Qin Shuang at that time. He did not expect that Qin Shuang actually had a very strong killing intent towards him, which made him incredibly angry.

He, Zhu Haiprofound, was the honorable son of an elder in the Fierce Saber Race! There was actually someone trying to kill him, and they almost succeeded.

"This woman is very powerful, it’s just that I don’t know what her cultivation is. Since you have cultivated with her in the Wild Fire Divine Sects, you must know her well, we have to quickly find out where she came from." He Yancong was wearing a mask and his expression could not be seen, but he was definitely not looking good, because this was the second time he let Chen Xiang run away.