Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Zuo Tianyi was still carefully observing the pill Chen Xiang had given him, but after hearing about the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal, he was immediately stunned!

"Is this true?" Zuo Tianyi took a deep breath. "Where did you guys hear that from?"

"We also got wind of it by chance. Obviously, those big clans wanted to hide this from us. "Alright." Qin Shuang said: "I think the other powerful races might not know about this, but they want to eat it all by themselves." Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Qin Shuang now understood Chen Xiang’s thoughts. Chen Xiang wanted to let a lot of strong powers participate in this, so that the Soul River Divine Race and the others would not be able to take it for themselves.

"If the World Defying holy dragon were to obtain the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal, that would be a bad thing." Zuo Tianyi’s face became gloomy: However, I will definitely spread this news.

"Uncle Zuo, be careful when you spread the news. Fierce Saber Race and Soul River Divine Race are not easy to deal with." Chen Xiang said: "If they knew that someone was spreading the news, they would definitely investigate the source."

"What are you afraid of? Since you know about this, it means that this matter is not a secret. You can rest assured." Zuo Tianyi laughed: "You must have a grudge with Soul River Divine Race and the Fierce Saber Race!"

Chen Xiang laughed foolishly, "There is indeed a bit of a conflict! Oh right, Master Zuo, you said before that it was not good for the World Defying holy dragon to obtain the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal, why is that? "

"There were many old fellows in Ao Dragon City back then who had ’fought’ with World Defying holy dragon ... They are already dead and dressed up, but I stayed with them for a long time and specifically studied World Defying holy dragon s. " Zuo Tianyi said: "We all agree that the World Defying holy dragon was sealed by something, because there is a collar around the World Defying holy dragon’s neck!"

"Aren’t World Defying holy dragon very powerful? Why is there a collar around his neck? " Qin Shuang was surprised: "Could it be that there is someone that is strong enough to control World Defying holy dragon?"

"I don’t know, but that necklace is actually very hidden. Only a few old fellows and I saw it, and it was very thin and thin. It didn’t seem like it was something that could suppress World Defying holy dragon s! However, other than the necklace, we can also feel a very strong sealing force. " Zuo Tianyi said: "I have come in contact with this before, and anyone who has seen the World Defying holy dragon have discovered it."

"If he has the Tao-creation Divine Crystal in his hands, it very likely means that he has already broken through the seal, so his strength is now even more terrifying." Zuo Tianyi said: "Of course, it could also be that I’m overthinking things."

Zuo Tianyi wanted to urgently try the pill that Chen Xiang gave him, and Chen Xiang also wanted to rush to find the World Defying holy dragon. So they left, went to an empty place, and waited for the World Defying holy dragon to go crazy.

While they were waiting, Chen Xiang concocted the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pellets, and the pills he gave Zuo Tianyi previously were all concocted by him while he was rushing along his way.

Three days later, Qin Shuang suddenly saw the small piece of red stone in her hand light up, and she shouted in shock: "There’s a reaction!"

Chen Xiang anxiously looked over, the small piece of debris had become extremely beautiful. Although it was only the size of a fingernail, the surface was covered with a hazy red light, flickering, like a star emitting a red light in the middle of the night.

Qin Shuang immediately spun in place, and when she hit a direction, the red light became even brighter.

"This way, let’s go!" Qin Shuang said.

Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors, then began his journey to search for the dragon!

Eight days later, the Six Realms mirrors stopped outside a black desert.

As soon as they passed through a forest, they saw a black desert in front of them, then immediately coming out from the Six Realms mirrors.

"What’s going on inside?" Chen Xiang looked at the black colored desert, and in the distance, a red mist of light would occasionally fly past and dissipate into the violent winds.

It was afternoon and the sun was shining fiercely. From time to time, there would be a hot wave coming from inside.

"Blood Wind Black Desert!" Qin Shuang’s voice carried a trace of fear: "This is a very dangerous place, I didn’t expect the World Defying holy dragon to be hiding inside."

"No matter how dangerous it is, there’s no way around it. In the end, we still have to enter it. No matter what, we have to look at the World Defying holy dragon from afar before deciding whether or not to carry out my plan." Chen Xiang said.

"Alright, let’s go in. Since everyone is here, let’s go in!" Qin Shuang was also very adventurous and intelligent. She didn’t know why, but she felt that she would be very safe when she was with Chen Xiang.

"We’ll go in at night. It’s too hot during the day." Chen Xiang said, although they would not feel the heat inside the Six Realms mirrors, they were worried that they would encounter a situation where they needed to come out, and at that time, it would definitely be very hot.

In the evening, Qin Shuang who was resting against the tree suddenly became alert, he anxiously patted Chen Xiang who was refining pills: "Someone is approaching!"

Chen Xiang opened his eyes and anxiously kept the pill furnace, then brought Qin Shuang to jump onto a big tree and hid himself using the Counter Power.

Not long after, more than thirty huge caravans sped by. In front of them, two caravans were driving side by side, smashing apart many trees.

Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang saw He Yancong’s car from the first glance, and it was also a beautiful car!

"It’s them!" Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to Qin Shuang, "Their speed sure is fast enough."

Amongst them, two of Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang recognized each other. It was none other than Zhu Haiprofound and He Yancong, and other than the two of them, there were four other elders. The other carriages also opened their ’doors’ at this time, and a few men wearing golden armor walked out.

What surprised Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang the most was that one of Zhu Haiprofound’s arms was missing!

Chen Xiang suspected that it was Wang Dao, but did not succeed, and only caused Zhu Haiprofound to lose an arm. With Zhu Haiprofound’s cultivation level, and one of his arms being destroyed, it was impossible to grow back an arm in a short period of time, and he also wanted to look at the World Defying holy dragon, so he came back injured.

Zhu Haiprofound looked at the place where he had lost an arm and scolded in a low voice, "Those trash from the Myriad Tao. If it wasn’t for them, I wouldn’t have lost an arm either."

It was indeed Wang Dao’s doing!

"Almost certainly." He Yancong sneered: "That woman called Qin Shuang, I must capture her alive. She actually killed my Wild thunder tiger ... "And the people around her, they have never shown themselves, but they are always able to escape. I must let them see my power."

"After the two of you enter, just watch from the side. You two are too weak, and in battle with the World Defying holy dragon, there is only death waiting for you two." An old man said: "We initially did not want you to come, but the World Defying holy dragon is already injured and its power is greatly reduced. When the time comes, we will be more at ease."

Thailand’s most popular female anchorwoman new love video exposure down the male host!