Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

On the big tree, when Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang learned that the World Defying holy dragon was injured, they were extremely shocked. The strong World Defying holy dragon was actually injured. "..."

"This is a very good opportunity, we must obtain the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal from the World Defying holy dragon." An old man from the Fierce Saber Race said, "The Blood Wind Black Desert in front is not peaceful. Let’s continue on our way."

Very quickly, these dozens of RV cars drove into the Blood Wind Black Desert. After they distanced themselves, Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang jumped down from the top of the RV, and looked in the direction they disappeared in.

"The World Defying holy dragon are injured, this way, they have a very high chance of obtaining the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal. They definitely cannot obtain it." Chen Xiang was very anxious: "This group of fellows are very powerful. If they join hands, they might really be able to take down the World Defying holy dragon."

"Yes, we should hurry on our way as well!" Qin Shuang took out that small piece of dragon’s scale, looked around, and frowned: "That’s not right, the World Defying holy dragon is not in that direction!"

Qin Shuang placed the dragon’s scale on his palm and pointed it in several directions. The direction that the dragon’s scale lit up the brightest was not the direction that the group of people had pointed at just a moment ago.

"Did they go in the wrong direction?" Chen Xiang said in pleasant surprise, "Perhaps the World Defying holy dragon has changed its direction in this period of time ... This is a good thing for us, we need to quickly find the World Defying holy dragon. "

"Un, let’s go then!" Qin Shuang said.

After they entered the Six Realms mirrors, they used their fastest speed to rush to the direction of the World Defying holy dragon.

The World Defying holy dragon s were very strong, and they were now injured. This made Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang a little worried that there was an existence hidden in this desert that was as strong as the World Defying holy dragon s.

"We don’t know what injured the World Defying holy dragon, but we must be very careful when the time comes. If we meet that guy, we might be killed." Chen Xiang was in a room inside the Six Realms mirrors, he took a look at his surroundings and said, "I suddenly feel that the divine tools refined with the Crystal emperor are not necessarily strong."

"After all, there are Tao-creation’s Holy stone and Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals on top of the Crystal emperor. These are all materials used to refine artifacts that are close to the limit." Qin Shuang said: "If I could get a little and add it, it would definitely be very powerful."

Although Chen Xiang felt that it was not safe, but Qin Shuang felt that it was not bad.

"How many materials did you use for the Six Realms mirrors?"

"Six!" Chen Xiang still had a lot of Crystal emperor in his hands, but he didn’t know how to use them yet.

"Quite a few!" Qin Shuang exclaimed: "You, you actually managed to get so many Crystal emperor, could it be that your speed of refining Crystal emperor is very fast?"

"Of course not... I also took a long time to refine it, but I know how to use the power of time, so I can shorten the time I have with the outside world. " Chen Xiang laughed bitterly, it was not comfortable to stay in the Time Domain for a while to refine Crystal emperor.

Qin Shuang nodded his head, showing that he could understand, she seemed to know that refining Crystal emperor s was not an easy task, but because Chen Xiang had grasped the power of time, it seemed like he could concoct it in a short period of time.

The Six Realms mirrors was rolling extremely quickly in the Blood Wind Black Desert. Previously, Chen Xiang had competed with He Yancong’s carriage, and even though the carriage was fast, it was far inferior to Chen Xiang’s carriage, because the ingredients used to make the carriage were different. To many people, it was an extremely extravagant task to refine them using the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, but compared to Chen Xiang’s six Crystal emperor s, it was not worth mentioning at all.

Although there were many great powers above Myriad Tao that were able to grasp a large number of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s, they did not have the method to refine Crystal emperor s. Therefore, the speed at which they refined Crystal emperor s was extremely fast, and the consumption of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals was also very large, so Crystal emperor s were like little magpies to the large races.

Six Realms mirrors flew all night in the Blood Wind Black Desert, but when dawn arrived, the Six Realms mirrors’s speed suddenly decreased.

"Why did it suddenly become so slow?" Chen Xiang immediately checked the room’s surroundings. From the inside, he could also see the outside of the room.

"Is it because of this strange wind?" Chen Xiang frowned: "That’s not right, when we first entered, we also encountered many of these strange winds, but we did not slow down at all, now we are suddenly so much slower."

Qin Shuang looked carefully, and said in a low voice: "It is definitely not caused by the blood wind, but a strong force that appears in the surroundings. This force caused the space to distort, and then erupted with an intense and tyrannical force, blocking the advance of the Six Realms mirrors, look carefully at the blood wind, it is currently blowing chaotically, this is not a normal blood wind."

"Could it be that the World Defying holy dragon is close by?" ’s heart suddenly jumped, World Defying holy dragon were very strong, although he had seen many strong dragons before, but now he could not help but feel fear.

"Let’s go out and take a look!" Qin Shuang said: "Now that we are all here, we can only take the risk and go take a look. Otherwise, when Fierce Saber Race and the rest arrive, we won’t have any chances to get close to the World Defying holy dragon."

"Alright!" Chen Xiang immediately left with Qin Shuang. After arriving outside, Chen Xiang felt a familiar aura; 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"The World Defying holy dragon is indeed close by, this guy is really scary!" Chen Xiang could feel the surrounding space trembling because of a strong aura and he could tell how strong the World Defying holy dragon were.

Chen Xiang suddenly thought about it, that there was also a World Defying Green dragon in his own Divine Sense Sea, but that was only for the World Defying Stage, if he were to step into it in the future, that World Defying Green dragon would be an arrogant Sacred Azure Dragon, but he did not know how its strength compared to the current World Defying holy dragon.

"This guy is too strong, should we continue?" Qin Shuang asked.

"Continue!"

They returned to the Six Realms mirrors and let it slowly roll, towards the direction of the imposing aura.

"This is bad!" Suddenly, Chen Xiang saw a wide and deep crevice in front of him. The Six Realms mirrors almost fell inside, it was fortunate that he could make it stop even if it wanted to.

Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang came out from the crack in the ground and looked down, the powerful Qi was surging out from below.

"We can’t go down, it’s too dangerous down there, and we can’t fly." Qin Shuang said.

"I know!" Chen Xiang was walking around, thinking of a way to lure the World Defying holy dragon up below.

Qin Shuang came here to find the World Defying holy dragon in order to tell them that an enemy was coming to attack him and then have him lay in ambush. Only after arriving here did he find out that the World Defying holy dragon was already injured.