Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Therefore, Chen Xiang had no choice but to change his plan. He could only inform the World Defying holy dragon and let it quickly hide. Or perhaps, he could be more cautious and not fall into the Soul River Divine Race’s and Fierce Saber Race’s trap. /800. The updates were quick.

As long as Soul River Divine Race and Fierce Saber Race could not obtain the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal, Chen Xiang felt that this trip was a success.

"How can I lure the World Defying holy dragon up here?" Qin Shuang was also thinking of a way. Although she thought of a few, she felt that none of them would work, because they were the more violent kind, and could easily make World Defying holy dragon angry.

"Those fellows should be arriving soon, the aura released by the World Defying holy dragon is so dense, they will definitely be sensed, even if they go in the wrong direction, they can still use this aura to find the location of the World Defying holy dragon." Qin Shuang said.

Chen Xiang clenched his teeth and said: "I can only try this method, although it is a bit risky ... ..."

"Could it be violence? If that’s the case, then we don’t need to try. The World Defying holy dragon is currently injured, and if we ’infuriate’ it, it would not be a good thing. Maybe the moment he appears, he will ’kill’ us. " Qin Shuang said. She could think of this idea, but she felt that it would be impossible. In other words, if she attacked the deepest part of the crevice with her strong power, she would definitely be able to cause a huge commotion.

"It’s not what you think!" Chen Xiang took a deep breath, and then his eyes suddenly flickered with a green light.

Soon after, a blue light appeared in the sky above the crack. The green light was like a massive whirlpool, and with a dragon’s roar, a large amount of lightning was sent out from the whirlpool.

"This... This is an Azure Dragon! " Qin Shuang cried out in alarm and immediately retreated. Since she was so close to the green dragon, the berserk Qi made her feel extremely shocked.

The massive body of the dragon was like a pillar supporting the sky. The green dragon scales on its surface emitted a green glow. Accompanied by streaks of lightning, boundless lightning and thunder continued to surge out from the dragon scales.

The green dragon roared and flew high into the sky. The dragon’s roar shook the earth. Countless lightning bolts shot out from the dragon’s body. They were like a torrential downpour of lightning, striking the ground. It was extremely terrifying.

Qin Shuang was so shocked that she was stupefied like a chicken. Of course she knew, this green dragon was released by Chen Xiang!

There was only one possibility for a man to release a dragon, and that was that this man could cultivate World Defying beast. Anyone who could cultivate World Defying beast s were all terrifying existences. This was Chen Xiang’s true strength!

"The green dragon can actually fly!" Chen Xiang muttered. He originally wanted to let the green dragon fly into the abyss, but just when he had that idea, a wave of hot air suddenly came from the bottom of the crevice. Red light gushed out from the bottom, straight into the clouds.

"He’s out! He’s really strong!" Chen Xiang released the World Defying Green dragon at this time. After comparing it with the World Defying Green dragon, he understood its strength even more clearly.

The World Defying holy dragon was even stronger than his own World Defying Green dragon!

The fire red color of the World Defying holy dragon was a huge fire dragon. After it came out, it charged straight at the World Defying Green dragon and spat out a flame from its mouth, directly attacking the World Defying Green dragon the moment it came out!

"I’m not your opponent!" Chen Xiang knew how powerful the World Defying holy dragon was, but his World Defying Green dragon was still not a match for it at the moment. He did not want to take it head-on, as this would harm the World Defying Green dragon.

Qin Shuang knew that Chen Xiang had cultivated a World Defying beast, this was something that was extremely difficult to come by, but now that the World Defying holy dragon was attacking the World Defying Green dragon, she was extremely worried and wanted to make a move!

"Chen Xiang, quickly take back the World Defying Green dragon and leave this place. Your World Defying Green dragon must not be destroyed here." Qin Shuang knew the importance of World Defying Green dragon. As long as Chen Xiang stepped into the Aoshi Holy Stage in the future, this World Defying Green dragon’s strength would definitely be even more shocking than it was right now.

"If we take it back, we won’t be able to run away." Chen Xiang said: "This guy already knows we are here!"

Chen Xiang held onto the Six Realms mirrors tightly, closed his eyes, and shouted loudly. Through the Six Realms mirrors, he released a ray of red light which landed on the World Defying Green dragon’s body. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Chen Xiang was summoning his Red fire dragon. The combined six Heavenly beast s could only be fused together through the special stone inside the Six Realms mirrors.

As the Green dragon howler moved, the green dragon scales on its body turned red, spitting out waves of scorching hot air. On its back, a pair of huge wings appeared, it was the Vermillion Bird’s wings.

The dragon claw had also undergone a huge change. It was the fusion of the dragon and tiger claws, making it seem even bigger, sharp, and strong. The scales on it compared to the Sky World Defying holy dragon’s were even thicker and tougher, because it was a hard armor that had merged with the Black Tortoise.

And the most terrifying thing was that the Ground-suppressing immortal elephant’s power was roaring nonstop, unleashing an earth-shattering might, as though it was going to suppress the heaven and earth, suppress everything.

The Red fire dragon’s appearance looked even more mighty and tyrannical, and its body was also larger than the World Defying holy dragon’s. Especially that pair of gigantic Suzaku fire wing s, when it fluttered, it set off bursts of violent flame astral winds, blowing the World Defying holy dragon so that it did not dare to approach.

"I don’t want to fight with you, and I’m not your enemy. If you can understand my words, then stop!" Chen Xiang’s voice came out from the Red fire dragon like rolling thunder.

When Qin Shuang saw that the World Defying Green dragon had turned into such a terrifying Red fire dragon, she almost fell to the ground. She looked at Chen Xiang’s back and was extremely shocked, she did not know how much strength the man in front of her was hiding!

Just how mysterious and strong was Chen Xiang in her eyes right now!

"We are not enemies?" The World Defying holy dragon spoke.

"Yes!" Chen Xiang said: "I know you’re already injured, but there’s a group of very powerful people on their way right now. They want to snatch the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal from your hands, I’m here to remind you!"

Chen Xiang’s words made the World Defying holy dragon let out an angry roar.

That group is very strong, they are from Fierce Saber Race and Soul River Divine Race, my strength is limited, I am not their match, so you should be careful, or else you should leave this place. Chen Xiang said: "The Tao-creation’s Sacred Crystal definitely cannot fall into their hands."

"Alright, thank you very much!" After the World Defying holy dragon finished speaking, it went back into the crevice and Chen Xiang quickly took it back.

He sensed that the World Defying holy dragon’s aura was gradually weakening, and was probably leaving from deep underground. This made him and Qin Shuang heave a sigh of relief.

"It really succeeded!" Qin Shuang also felt that it was hard to believe, she never thought that the World Defying holy dragon would actually listen to Chen Xiang and stay far away. And what she did not expect was that Chen Xiang possessed such a powerful Red fire dragon.

They entered the Six Realms mirrors s, and just as they were about to leave, they heard a low and deep dragon roar coming from afar, followed by a wave of scorching air.

"Oh no, they’re here!" Chen Xiang said as he gritted his teeth. He had wasted all his efforts just now, and the World Defying holy dragon had still been intercepted.

...