Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

After Zhu Haiprofound let out a miserable scream, the people at the side heard that Zhu Haiprofound’s father was also here. He was a middle-aged man who had stepped into the Aoshi Holy Stage, named Zhu Qingneng.

Zhu Haiprofound had already turned into dust after being killed by Chen Xiang using the flames, and had been blown away by the bloody wind here. He had already disappeared, so his father did not know that he had died either.

Zhu Qingneng came over and observed his surroundings carefully. Finally, he came to the side of Zhu Haiprofound’s caravan, which had been cut down and destroyed by Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword.

The weapons that could damage this caravan must be very powerful, and the people that used them were also very strong!

Zhu Qingneng did not see his own son here, and was extremely anxious. What worried him the most was that He Yancong was here too, and it was very obvious that something had happened.

He Yancong and Zhu Haiprofound were extremely outstanding geniuses, and their strengths were not weak either. Furthermore, they were hiding in the strong defensive carriage, but such a thing still happened, which made Zhu Qingneng feel desperate, because he had a strong feeling that He Yancong and He Yancong had already been killed.

"Who the hell is it? Get the hell out here!" Zhu Qingneng roared. They had underestimated the dangers of this Black Wind Desert, if not they would not have allowed the two young geniuses to stay here.

Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang were hiding nearby, they had seen Zhu Qingneng’s reaction, Zhu Qingneng was also a strong person, if he did not participate in the battle now, the pressure on the World Defying holy dragon would definitely be greatly reduced.

Zhu Qingneng searched the surroundings, but he did not find anything. In the end, he was able to determine from the carriage that was cut down that it was destroyed using a sharp weapon, and he felt that the only way to do that was to use the Crystal emperor s divine weapon.

"I’ll definitely find you." Zhu Qingneng looked at the intense battlefield in the distance. Although the World Defying holy dragon was injured, it was still very strong.

After Zhu Qingneng went over, he immediately summoned his Six Realms mirrors and followed.

The World Defying holy dragon hovered in the air, its mouth spewing out balls and balls of fire energy. Some were flames, but they were constantly attacking the people on the ground, and from time to time, it would sweep its tail across the ground.

The people on the ground all had decent strength, probably from the Aoshi Holy Stage s. They all had shields in their hands, which could block the fire energy that was constantly attacking them, as if they were prepared to come here and the shields they used were specially designed to restrain the fire.

This group of clan experts blocked the attacks of the World Defying holy dragon while controlling the various divine weapons in their hands, allowing them to fly high into the sky and attack the World Defying holy dragon.

The World Defying holy dragon’s body was extremely powerful, and it could easily become a target!

"Didn’t this World Defying holy dragon run off from the ground? Why did it suddenly appear? " When Chen Xiang got closer, he saw a huge pit. It was obvious that the World Defying holy dragon had jumped up from the bottom of the pit.

"I don’t know. Maybe those fellows have something of the World Defying holy dragon in their hands, so the World Defying holy dragon are very concerned." Qin Shuang said.

Although the World Defying holy dragon was surrounded and attacked, they still had the upper hand. The people below could not take advantage of him at all, and could only drag it out and try to use up its power, so that they could use their formation plates to seal it.

However, even after fighting for such a long time, the World Defying holy dragon still did not show any signs of weakening. This made the group of people extremely shocked, and if this were to continue, they would be the ones to be exhausted in the end.

"Stop! If you attack again, we will destroy this!" An old man dressed in the garb of Fierce Saber Race held up a fiery-red pearl, who knew what was inside.

When the World Defying holy dragon saw the thing, it let out a long hiss and immediately stopped its attack. Just like that, it floated in the air and stared at the fiery-red pearl with eyes filled with rage.

At this moment, everyone was extremely excited, they quickly released their strongest power, and crazily attacked the gigantic World Defying holy dragon floating in the air.

RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU...!

Countless powerful energies struck the World Defying holy dragon’s body, causing an intense explosion. The World Defying holy dragon’s gigantic body trembled non-stop because it was enduring a great amount of anger.

The thing in the old man’s hand was very important to the World Defying holy dragon, so when the World Defying holy dragon was running deep underground, it felt the energy released by the fiery-red bead and immediately jumped up.

"What exactly is that thing? This thing is the World Defying holy dragon’s weakness! " When Chen Xiang got closer, he immediately released the Red fire dragon through the Six Realms mirrors.

When the Red fire dragon flew out, it was the size of a small snake. Like a streak of fiery light, it shot out, instantly approaching the fiery-red bead that the old man held high.

The fiery-red bead was not very big, and could be grabbed with one hand. When the Red fire dragon flew over, it swallowed it in one gulp.

"What is this!" The old man only felt a scorching Qi approaching and when he reacted, the bead was no longer in his hand. Then, he saw a streak of fire.

The Red fire dragon’s speed was extremely fast, after getting it, it immediately entered the Six Realms mirrors, while Chen Xiang also anxiously controlled the Six Realms mirrors to fly, and with a swoosh, it left the battlefield.

The World Defying holy dragon in the air roared, and then entered the deep pit, and also disappeared! Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

"Chase!" Looking at the direction that the Six Realms mirrors disappeared in, the Fierce Saber Race Elder turned into a black shadow and chased after it. The others also followed.

Obviously, Chen Xiang took the pearl away was much more important than the World Defying holy dragon.

Chen Xiang held the fiery-red pearl in his hand and looked at it carefully. He could not tell what it was, but even though it was emitting a faint fiery red light, it did not have any aura, nor did it feel hot.

"This bead is extremely important to the World Defying holy dragon. What exactly is it?" Chen Xiang looked at Qin Shuang, who shook his head, she did not know what it was.

"Whatever, we can give it to him when we see the World Defying holy dragon. Right now, let’s shake off those guys." From within the Six Realms mirrors, Chen Xiang could see that the people behind were chasing very closely. Furthermore, they were constantly attacking from behind, releasing clumps of strong energies, causing the Six Realms mirrors to fly a few times.

The pursuers behind them looked at the thing that was rolling like a wheel and suddenly felt very familiar, as if they had heard of it before.

An old man from Soul River Divine Race said suddenly: "I remember, Yan Cong said that Qin Shuang who he had chased before was hiding inside this thing, fast!"

After Zhu Qingneng heard this, his face changed. "He Yancong and my son are both gone ... ... Could it be that Qin Shuang, that little bitch, did this? "