Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

When everyone heard Zhu Qingneng’s words, their faces all changed, especially the people of Soul River Divine Race, He Yancong was extremely important to their Soul River Divine Race, although this time their Patriarch did not come, the Patriarch’s son had! If something goes wrong, they will have to take responsibility. There are almost everything I want to see, and it’s much more stable compared to normal stations. There are no ads for the text.] Good.

"When they see the Six Realms mirrors, they will definitely recognize it." Chen Xiang said: "If they found out that it was you, Qin Shuang, who did it, would you be in big trouble?"

"No!" Qin Shuang said indifferently: "Anyway, I frequently caused troubles a long time ago."

"That’s more like me, I’m also a troublemaker." Chen Xiang laughed.

Qin Shuang was the grandson of the Super Yang Old Ancestor. She knew a lot of things, especially some secrets about the large clans, so she really hated those large clans.

Right now, she was very excited to have eliminated two famous genius disciples, He Yancong and Zhu Haiprofound. If this matter were to spread, there would definitely be a lot of people praising her, because there were many people who hated these large clans.

"Heaven Old Imperial Family will definitely know that you are together with me now. If you reveal it, I will also expose it." Chen Xiang said.

"What is it? Are you scared? " Qin Shuang’s eyes held a look of contempt.

"What am I afraid of?" Chen Xiang curled his lips: "Don’t underestimate me, you know how strong I am, and I am never afraid of making trouble."

Chen Xiang had only just arrived in Myriad Tao a short while ago, and yet he had already done such a world-shaking thing.

Qin Shuang looked ahead and frowned: "Not good, ahead seems to be an extremely dangerous place." 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

On the wall of the room within the Six Realms mirrors, Chen Xiang saw everything in front of him. It was an area that was burning with red flames.

"This is the Blood Wind Fire Sea, it’s very dangerous inside." Qin Shuang’s expression revealed a hint of fear. Even she was afraid of a place that was definitely very frightening.

"How dangerous is it?" There was a large group of experts chasing after them from behind. Right now, they could only move forward; there was no other way.

"There aren’t many strong people in the Blood Wind Fire Sea. The only danger is that the temperature inside is very high. It’s said that the flames inside can easily melt the Crystal emperor." Qin Shuang said: "I heard this from grandfather... Back then my grandfather had mentioned this place, that he had once come here and used the flames inside to refine Crystal emperor. "

It could even melt Crystal emperor s, it was truly very dangerous!

However, Chen Xiang did not choose right now. He could only enter the sea of fire in front of him.

"It’s the Blood Wind Fire Sea!" Zhu Qingneng shouted in shock: "We can’t go in again, otherwise only death awaits us. The flames inside are extremely strange, if the temperature suddenly rises, none of us will be able to escape."

They could only watch as the Six Realms mirrors rolled into the Blood Wind Fire Sea.

"Don’t worry, they’re dead for sure!"

"Mm, the fire energy Crystal emperor inside can melt all ... Even if that wheel was refined with Crystal emperor, it would not be able to hold for long before it becomes damaged. "

"It’s extremely likely that Hai Xuan was killed by them." Zhu Qingneng said angrily: "We need to go back and check their life orbs. If they break ...."

Zhu Haiprofound didn’t dare imagine, if he was really sure that Zhu Haiprofound had died, he didn’t know what to do either.

The expression on Soul River Divine Race’s face was extremely ugly to see.

They were both aware that He Yancong and Zhu Haiprofound had many enemies, but there were very few who came to take revenge, and even if there was, it would be difficult to succeed ... Although Zhu Haiprofound’s arm was cut off previously, he was still alive.

But now, he might have died!

They had never thought that someone would actually dare to kill the favored children of their large clan, because the favored children of their clan were extremely respected. Even if they did the wrong thing, they would not allow others to take revenge on them, and they had always been indulging these favored children of their clan.

But now, they had finally paid the price for their mistakes.

Not to mention that they had not taken down the World Defying holy dragon, they had also lost the thing that was used to ’lure’ the World Defying holy dragon. If two more heaven favored ones died, it would only add to the amount of pain they suffered.

Chen Xiang controlled the Six Realms mirrors to enter the Blood Wind Fire Sea, and continued to advance forward at a very fast speed.

"They didn’t chase us in!" Chen Xiang said: "Why didn’t I see them?"

"Because this place is too dangerous. Anyone who understands this place will not be able to enter." Qin Shuang said: "Those old fellows all know this place very well, so they definitely won’t come in."

Qin Shuang’s face was now filled with worry, even a tinge of fear. Although she wasn’t afraid of death, she didn’t like the way she died.

"Is this place really that dangerous?" Chen Xiang looked at Qin Shuang’s beautiful face and laughed.

"It’s really scary! I can use flames and Icy cold power, but I can’t defend against the flames here. " Qin Shuang said: "The flames here are extremely strange, and will gradually raise the temperature at random. By the time people noticed it, it was already too late ... It’s like boiling a frog in warm water. "

Chen Xiang had already controlled the Six Realms mirrors to enter the Blood Wind Fire Sea a long distance away, but he did not feel any change in the temperature at all.

Even though Chen Xiang had already heard about the terror of this place, he didn’t have anything to worry about. After all, he had never seen how terrifying the flames here were.

"Alright, I’ll make a big circle and leave this place." Chen Xiang controlled the Six Realms mirrors to change its direction, as long as it did not appear in the entrance when they leave the Blood Wind Fire Sea.

Qin Shuang was finally a little relieved. She knew that the Six Realms mirrors’s speed was very fast, and it wouldn’t be long before she would be able to leave this Blood Wind Fire Sea area.

However, not long after the Six Realms mirrors changed its direction, Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang suddenly felt a wave of heat. After sensing the heat, Chen Xiang and the others immediately felt a scorching pain entering their bodies.

"It’s here! A terrifying flame has appeared!" Qin Shuang’s face changed drastically.

"Don’t worry, we’ll be able to get out very soon." Chen Xiang consoled Qin Shuang. At this time, he was controlling the speed of the Six Realms mirrors, but he realized that the Six Realms mirrors was gradually becoming slower.

"Not good, the Six Realms mirrors is injured and starting to transform." Chen Xiang was panic-stricken, he had finally witnessed the terror of Blood Wind Fire Sea.

The thing that Qin Shuang was worried about had happened, her face was pale white, but she could still feel the scorching pain growing stronger.

"You think of a way, I can’t deal with this kind of flame." Qin Shuang shouted in shock.

If this continued, the entire Six Realms mirrors would be destroyed. Chen Xiang never thought that the six pieces of Spirit Equipment refined by the Crystal emperor would actually start to melt!