Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Although the situation was urgent, Chen Xiang still maintained his calm and continued to think of ways!

"Got it!" Chen Xiang anxiously released a very strong force of time, the power of time enveloped the Six Realms mirrors, causing the Six Realms mirrors’s time to change slightly. This way, it could slow down the Six Realms mirrors’s transmogrification, supporting it to run out.

However, what he did not expect was that the Time Domain was used very smoothly inside the You Yao Mountain Villa, but it was difficult to use it outside because the Time Laws on the Myriad Tao were different.

"Is it over?" In his desperation, Chen Xiang took out the fiery-red bead, and then, put away the Six Realms mirrors.

"Xiao Shuangshuang, use your greatest strength to resist the flames here. It will only take a short period of time." When Chen Xiang went out, he also asked Feng Ke’er to activate the fire array formation inside the Six Realms mirrors.

"I can only resist for a short period of time." Qin Shuang said, and then released a frost barrier.

He released the Red fire dragon through the Six Realms mirrors. He wanted to try and see, the World Defying holy dragon could fly in the sky, but he discovered that the higher up he went, the higher the temperature of the fire would be. Even the Red fire dragon found it hard to endure, and could not fly into the sky.

Right now, he could only use the power of the Red fire dragon to resist the blood colored flames.

The blood fire within the Blood Wind Fire Sea was extremely terrifying, and its temperature continued to rise, as if there was no limit to it. At this moment, Chen Xiang finally experienced the terror of this kind of fire. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

With a few layers of protection, they would be able to temporarily withstand the invasion of the blood flames.

"What’s next?" Qin Shuang asked.

"Wait!" Chen Xiang held the Fire Pearl tightly. This thing could lure the World Defying holy dragon, he felt that the World Defying holy dragon would definitely be able to resist the flames here.

As time passed, Qin Shuang’s energy was about to run out, and when Chen Xiang released the Red fire dragon and activated the array inside the Six Realms mirrors, he was quickly exhausting his energy as well.

Not long after, they felt that scorching, stabbing pain again!

Suddenly, the earth began to shake as it began to crack open. With a dragon’s roar, a red and fiery dragon leapt out from the ground.

"Hurry up!" The World Defying holy dragon had appeared, his body burning with red flames, making him look like the blood and fire of the place.

Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang anxiously jumped onto the back of the World Defying holy dragon, and with a long hiss, the World Defying holy dragon flew into the air.

Climbing onto the back of the World Defying holy dragon, Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang both felt a burst of coolness! Of course, the World Defying holy dragon’s back was very hot, but compared to the Blood Wind Fire Sea, it was extremely "cool".

"You are really amazing ..." My dragon can’t fly up here. " Chen Xiang had tried to let the Red fire dragon fly before, but to no avail.

"Your current strength is insufficient to resist this sea of fire." When the World Defying holy dragon flew high into the sky, Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang looked down at the sea of fire below them. At this moment, they realized that they were still a long way from the edge of the sea of fire.

However, the World Defying holy dragon did not fly them out. Instead, it continued to penetrate deep into the sea of fire.

"What is this bead?" Chen Xiang asked. Because of the relationship with the Red fire dragon and the fact that Chen Xiang had obtained this pearl, the World Defying holy dragon did not have any hostility towards Chen Xiang.

"This is my life essence." The World Defying holy dragon said.

After Chen Xiang released his hand, the fiery-red pearl released a burst of blood-colored flames, and then fell onto a piece of dragon’s scale, entering into the dragon’s body and into the World Defying holy dragon’s body.

"How did such an important thing end up in the hands of those guys?" Chen Xiang finally understood why the World Defying holy dragon seemed to be threatened, so that bead was his real life.

"World Defying holy dragon, you are so powerful, how could Soul River Divine Race and the rest of the Fierce Saber Race take your life essence?" Qin Shuang also felt that this was unbelievable.

"While I was cultivating, I needed to fuse with the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, so I let my life force go to the World Defying Stage Soul River. Although my life essence is very strong, I was still captured by them. At that time, I used my life essence to kill a few of them. " The World Defying holy dragon said: "And after my life essence is far away from me for a period of time, I will find it hard to control it, unless it returns to me."

When World Defying holy dragon cultivate, they would actually send such an important life force to the World Defying Stage Soul River. This was indeed an extremely dangerous thing.

"No wonder those guys came in so confidently." Chen Xiang said: "It seems that they have yet to send their strongest warriors over."

"Yes, but they are still very confident. It’s a pity ..." Qin Shuang laughed, they did not expect Chen Xiang to also be here.

Originally, Chen Xiang was too lazy to get involved with this matter, but he suddenly knew that Ji Xingyuan was killed by Fierce Saber Race, and in order to take revenge, he had to take it at all costs. Furthermore, he was chased by He Yancong previously, so he ended up taking care of He Yancong here.

"World Defying holy dragon, where did you get your Tao-creation Divine Crystal? How did they know that you possess the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal? " Chen Xiang was extremely curious. Fierce Saber Race had only received the World Defying holy dragon’s life force.

"They have read some memories from my life essence." The World Defying holy dragon said: "This is where I found my Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal, and it’s also very difficult to tame. In order to tame that small piece of the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal, I almost died, so if you meet it, you better be careful."

Chen Xiang did not think that the Holy Crystal of the Tao-creation would actually be found in this Blood Wind Fire Sea.

"Blood Wind Fire Sea is a huge treasury, and there are Tao-creation’s Holy stone and Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals inside. Only these kinds of things can be preserved under this kind of flame." The World Defying holy dragon said: "Tao-creation Holy stone s are slightly easier to tame, but the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal is very difficult."

Chen Xiang suddenly felt that it would be extremely difficult to get ahold of Tao-creation s.

"The Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals have already been subdued by me, so even if they were able to snatch them away, they wouldn’t be able to be used. Under my control, the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals would explode, killing them immediately." The World Defying holy dragon laughed.

Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang sat on the dragon’s back, looking down at the red sea of fire. As the wind blew, they suddenly felt that the scenery inside the Blood Wind Black Desert was quite unique.

"World Defying holy dragon, where are you bringing us?" Qin Shuang asked. She had never thought that she would actually be able to ride a World Defying holy dragon.

"Bloody Wind Island!" The World Defying holy dragon said: "That is an island in Blood Wind Fire Sea, it will not be burned by fire from above."

Qin Shuang had never heard of a place like this in the Blood Wind Fire Sea. After all, it wasn’t easy to enter the depths of the Blood Wind Fire Sea, unless one could fly high in the sky like the World Defying holy dragon and wasn’t afraid of blood and fire.

The first issue of this book came from 17K, so the first thing I’ll do is to look at the original content!

inclusion = " /fragment/6/3236.html ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidc; padding: 15px20px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {mardin-left: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tt.microsoftyahei; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; mardin-bottom: 5px;}

Scan 2D code to pay attention to 17K official WeChat, the latest chapter can also be seen on WeChat! Click on the top right corner of WeChat + sign, choose add friends, search public number "wap17k" to pay attention to us. Reply to "Big Awards + your qq number" for participation in the event. 10 iphone6, ten thousand qq members waiting for you!