Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang followed the World Defying holy dragon to the Bloody Wind Island. It was a very small island, surrounded by blood colored flames, and although there would be blood winds blowing here from time to time, the island was very cool and refreshing.

"Are you the only one on this island?" Chen Xiang felt that this place was extremely desolate. Although the island was not very hot, but there were no plants here.

"Only I can come here ... I’ve been here many years. " The World Defying holy dragon said.

When Chen Xiang was in Ao Long City, he had heard that World Defying holy dragon had been missing for a long time, but he did not expect to be hiding here.

"Then let’s cultivate here for a period of time. Fierce Saber Race and the Soul River Divine Race will definitely search everywhere, maybe we will very quickly find out some things from the Heaven Old Imperial Family."

Chen Xiang had already succeeded in refining the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pellet, he could rely on this pellet to strengthen his body, and help him make an early breakthrough.

"Xiao Shuangshuang, you are now a Peak of World Defying crazy realm, you should be about to break through as well!" Chen Xiang said: "If you can break through, wouldn’t you be a very young Aoshi Holy Stage Ranker?"

Qin Shuang nodded his head: "There are younger Aoshi Holy Stage Rankers, but they are fewer in number. All the great clans have this kind of genius ... Of course, the so-called youth was only the appearance of youth. Although they have lived for a long time, all of them were able to step into the Aoshi Holy Stage in a short period of time.

Chen Xiang felt that it shouldn’t be too difficult for Qin Shuang to break through. After all, she was the granddaughter of the Super Yang Old Ancestor.

"Hurry up and cultivate. If you can step into the middle stage of World Defying Stage, your strength will definitely increase by leaps and bounds." Qin Shuang said: "Even if it’s the Gifted Fierce Fighting God s, it’s still very difficult for them to defeat you in the same realm, unless you are not allowed to use Six Realms mirrors."

Speaking of Six Realms mirrors, Chen Xiang took it out. Although it had been melted and deformed, but it was not injured, so it could still be used. It was just that it did not look smooth on the surface.

"I need to concoct some pills now." Chen Xiang took out his Tianchuang furnace.

"You actually know how to refine pills?" When the World Defying holy dragon floating in the air saw this, it was slightly surprised.

"I’m a genius in this aspect." Chen Xiang laughed: "You have pills to refine?"

"Not really. I just didn’t expect that you were actually an artificer!" The World Defying holy dragon said: "I also need to sleep for a period of time to let my life essence completely merge with my body."

"Alright!"

Right now, this Bloody Wind Island was extremely safe. If someone were to enter this place, they would definitely be a very powerful existence. At the very least, they would be able to tie with the World Defying holy dragon.

Previously, Chen Xiang had only used the derivation method for the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pill, but now he had enough time, so he wanted to try to use the Crash method. His Tianchuang furnace was made from Crystal emperor and it was very strong, so he felt that there shouldn’t be any problems.

After that, he was the same as before, refining pellets together with Feng Ke’er. When using the Crash method, although Chen Xiang was able to handle it alone, it would still consume a lot of energy.

Qin Shuang was also resting quietly at the side, she did not know that she needed to train like this at the moment, although she was only a step away from entering the Aoshi Holy Stage from the Peak of World Defying crazy realm, this step was extremely difficult.

... ....

Chen Xiang and the others were cultivating inside the Bloody Wind Island, while the other large cities on top of the Myriad Tao were in an uproar. This was because the Fierce Saber Race and the Soul River Divine Race had issued wanted posters that had never placed highest bounties before.

They used ten Crystal emperor s to reward Qin Shuang ... As well as a person who used a ’round disc’ divine tool, they didn’t know that it was a Six Realms mirrors, and they also didn’t have any information related to Chen Xiang, so they could only do this.

When Soul River Divine Race and Fierce Saber Race returned, they found out that He Yancong’s and Zhu Haiprofound’s life orbs had shattered, which meant that they were already dead. At first, when those people knew that Qin Shuang was present, they assumed that it was Qin Shuang who did it, and also the mysterious person who was with Qin Shuang all this time!

After the bounty was issued, the Fierce Saber Race quickly found some clues, because even if they provided a useful clue, they would still be rewarded with a piece of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal.

As one of the ten great Fierce Fighting God s of the Fierce Saber Race, Zhu Qingneng had brought his son along, but he did not actually manage to bring him back. He was the most furious one, of course he knew that his son had many enemies, but he had never known of any enemy who was so strong!

Zhu Qingneng was in a secret room, and the person he met was a young man whose face was filled with arrogance. When the man saw Zhu Qingneng, the arrogance on his face suddenly disappeared. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

This man was Hong Qianyi, Heaven Old Imperial Family of the Heaven Old Imperial Family. He knew about the relationship between Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang!

Hong Qianyi told Zhu Qingneng what he knew, but he did not say that Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang were brought over by him to the Myriad Tao. Otherwise, Zhu Qingneng would definitely be furious, because if Hong Qianyi did not bring Chen Xiang over, such a thing would not have happened.

"Possessing Purple Yang Excalibur and Sun Sword Blood ... And the Myriad Tao Divine Soil who controls the Super Yang Old Ancestor, Chen Xiang! " After hearing Hong Qianyi’s story, Zhu Qingneng had already believed Hong Qianyi.

Because the Six Realms mirrors that Chen Xiang used were very powerful, and could only be refined by adding Crystal emperor. He even suspected that this was something refined by the Super Yang Old Ancestor.

"Alright, here is your reward." Zhu Qingneng gave Hong Qianyi a piece of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal: "If you find anything, you can come back again. At that time, the same rewards will be given to you."

After Hong Qianyi obtained a piece of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal, he was extremely excited and immediately nodded his head before leaving the place.

"The Purple Yang Excalibur has appeared ... It should be in Qin Shuang’s hands. After Qin Shuang obtained the Purple Yang Excalibur, his strength grew by leaps and bounds, and he obtained two World Defying Stage Fierce Fighting Soul s in an instant ... The things left behind by the Super Yang Old Ancestor are terrifying as expected. " Zhu Qingneng clenched his fist: "They have already entered the Blood Wind Fire Sea. If they have something from the Super Yang Old Ancestor, they might be able to survive.

... ....

Wang Dao had seen Qin Shuang before, and knew that they were extremely close. Now that he saw the Fierce Saber Race and Soul River Divine Race giving such a bounty to Qin Shuang and the mysterious person beside her, he knew that Chen Xiang and must have done something to cause such a commotion.

After listening to Wang Dao’s inquiry, he found out that He Yancong and Zhu Haiprofound were both dead, and had died in the Blood Wind Black Desert. He also found out that Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang were both forced into the Blood Wind Fire Sea, but when Soul River Divine Race and Fierce Saber Race returned, they felt that they might still be alive, which was why they issued such a bounty.