Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

When he had ambushed Zhu Haiprofound, it was because there was a very strong Aoshi Holy Stage protecting him, that caused him to be unable to succeed and he was only able to cut off Zhu Haiprofound’s arm.

"Chen Xiang this guy, he really succeeded. I didn’t expect him to actually go to that place, I hope he’s okay." Wang Dao naturally understood the dangers of Blood Wind Fire Sea.

Now that Zhu Haiprofound was dead, it could be said that he was going to take revenge. Wang Dao also sighed.

... ....

Li Ba and Ma Jinhong were also on top of the Myriad Tao at the moment. When they saw the Six Realms mirrors painted on the bounty slip, they knew that it was Chen Xiang.

After Zhu Qingneng found out that Qin Shuang had the Purple Yang Excalibur, he released a new bounty order, adding Chen Xiang’s name and picture.

"It’s only been a few days, and it’s already been investigated by them." Holding the bounty, Li Ba shook his head and sighed: "We’re in trouble now."

"Those fellows from the Thief King should also know about it now ... They will definitely go crazy trying to find big brother. " Ma Jinhong started to admire Chen Xiang even more. Although the Fierce Saber Race and the Soul River Divine Race didn’t say why they were offering such rewards to Chen Xiang, one look and one could tell that there was a huge grudge between them.

Of course the Thief King knew, this group of people were already asking all over the Myriad Tao about Chen Xiang, but they didn’t have any gains at all. They didn’t expect to suddenly see a picture of Chen Xiang when the bounty was being issued in the Fierce Saber Race and the Soul River Divine Race.

"This fellow is actually being watched by Fierce Saber Race and Soul River Divine Race. We definitely cannot let him fall into the hands of these two races, otherwise those Crystal emperor will also be snatched away." However, when Chen Xiang had entered the Purple Yang Divine Palace, many people from the Thief Race knew about it. In other words, this matter would definitely be known by the Fierce Saber Race and the Soul River Divine Race.

"At all costs, go to the Fierce Saber Race and ask about some things regarding Chen Xiang." Thief King slapped the table hard: "I want to get all the information related to Chen Xiang."

This group of Thief Race s had mostly followed Thief King after they came out of his residence. Because Thief King had the strength, they had left the Myriad Tao for tens of thousands of years. Now that they had returned, there would definitely be many new forces present, and if they did not unite, they would definitely be bullied.

No one knew who spread the news, but after Chen Xiang obtained the Purple Yang Excalibur, he entered the Purple Yang Divine Palace and obtained over ten pieces of the Crystal emperor that the Super Yang Old Ancestor left behind!

Everyone started imagining things. They suspected that Fierce Saber Race and Soul River Divine Race wanted to keep all the Crystal emperor for themselves, that’s why they didn’t explain the reason for the bounty.

To a large clan like the Fierce Saber Race, Crystal emperor were still extremely rare!

Just when everyone was suspicious of Fierce Saber Race’s and his motives, they found out that He Yancong and his wife had died, and in addition to that, it was Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang who had killed them.

Everyone knew the strength of He Yancong and He Yancong, they were definitely a rare Gifted Fierce Fighting God, but they were still killed.

"They’re in trouble." Wang Dao had been paying attention to this matter for the past few days, and he was also extremely surprised. Chen Xiang had actually entered the legendary Purple Yang Divine Palace before, and even obtained more than ten Crystal emperor s from them.

Fierce Saber Race and Soul River Divine Race were also like that. Now, they finally understood that He Yancong and Zhu Haiprofound had provoked an incredible fellow, and no wonder they were killed. What surprised them the most was, Chen Xiang was just a human, and not someone with a bloodline like them!

... ....

Bloody Wind Island, this place was extremely desolate, the rest were all good, very quiet and safe, Chen Xiang had already refined 10 Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pellets that had gone through a barrage of trials.

"I’m starting to eat it now. I wonder if these ten pills will be enough?" After consuming one pellet, Chen Xiang felt that the medicinal power was extremely berserk, so he immediately activated his cultivation method to refine it.

"Its effects are very overbearing!" Chen Xiang laughed and quickly controlled the medicinal power to circulate through his entire body, causing his entire body to be enveloped in a state similar to that of a Myriad Tao Divine Soil.

His physical body continued to grow stronger, at an extremely fast speed!

However, he was not happy because he felt that his body was like a bottomless pit, needing to absorb a lot of this energy in order to break through.

Generally speaking, it would take a very long time to break through a level from the World Defying crazy realm, and at the fastest, it would take a hundred years.

What he didn’t know was that some people could spend tens of thousands of years in order to break through, but this was a difficult stage to reach!

Chen Xiang had always used the shortest amount of time to make breakthroughs, and this was mainly because of his heaven-defying pill refining skills, and the fact that he was always able to refine pills that could help him break through quickly.

"Looks like I can only enter the You Yao Mountain Villa to use the Time Domain to refine pills." Chen Xiang quickly refined the ten Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pills, but they did not increase his strength by much.

In the following days, Chen Xiang stayed in the You Yao Mountain Villa to refine pills.

"Elder Brother Shen..." Jiang Lisi suddenly called out, and Jiang Sihua was beside him.

Chen Xiang opened his eyes, looked at the cute and beautiful girl, and laughed: What’s the matter?

"Elder Brother Shen, Lily can only condense Strong strength Dan, and I am a Huakuan Dan ... You don’t seem to need it now. " Jiang Sihua said. Although Jiang Sihua was also a young lady, he looked to be much more mature.

"Yes, but you don’t have to worry. You’re still my little sisters." Chen Xiang laughed: "Sijing and Mei Mei are bored staying here, it’s not bad to have you two to accompany them."

Jiang Lisi shook her head, and said in a soft and gentle voice: "Actually, we can evolve .... "What pill do you need to refine? As long as you give us some, we can refine some of those pills too."

Jiang Sijing and Jiang Simei were both surprised. They had interacted with the two little girls for a long time, but did not know about this.

When they saw Chen Xiang concocting pills nonstop, they remembered this matter.

If he had the help of these two Young girl Danling, then it would truly be much faster. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

"How much do you need to eat?" Chen Xiang took out a piece of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pellet that he had refined using the Crash method and derivation method.

"100 pills should be enough!" Jiang Sihua ate one pill, thought for a moment, and said.

"A hundred pills ..." This should not be a problem, and then the two of you will get two hundred pills! " Chen Xiang thought, although it would take time to refine, as long as he could evolve these two Young girl Danling, he would not have to worry about the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pellet in the future.

Jiang Simei laughed, "100 pills is enough ... In a sense, Lily and Flower are twins, they were born from your blood, as long as one of them succeeded in evolving and the other two cultivated the Twin Life Mysterious Techniques together! "