Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

If Jiang Sihua succeeded in evolving it, and she started to cultivate it together with Jiang Lisi, Jiang Lisi would also be able to evolve it successfully. This would allow Chen Xiang to refine at least a hundred Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pills less, and it must be known that the process of refining the pills was extremely arduous.

"Alright, it’s settled then."

Chen Xiang used Time Domain to envelop himself and he was only using the first stage of the Time Domain. He had to consume a lot of energy to refine the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pellet, because he had to use the collision and derivation techniques to refine the pellet.

"These two pill spirits are too powerful ..." I even planned to start from refining the new spirit pellet for the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pellets, looks like I don’t have to refine anymore. " Chen Xiang was very happy at the moment.

After Jiang Sihua and Jiang Lisi evolved, they would be able to condense Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pills every day. If they needed to, they could condense Huakuan Dan s and Strong strength Dan s as well.

"You should have asked Wang Dao about the pill spirit last time ..." You don’t seem to understand much about alchemy. " Feng Ke’er said: "Yue Yiran said before, a spirit pellet can still have a very powerful fighting strength."

"That’s for sure!" If Li Li consumed a hundred Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pills, how could she not be strong? " Chen Xiang laughed: "These pill spirits definitely have their own set of cultivation methods."

"How long will it take for you to refine a hundred Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pills?" Feng Ke’er asked.

"The last time I refined ten pills, it took me three months ..." We should be able to finish it within thirty months. " Chen Xiang said. Inside his Time Domain, thirty months were merely thirty days outside.

When Chen Xiang finished refining, he used thirty-five months of time. In total, there were more than 120 pills, but he was mainly tired and bored. He slowed down during refining to prevent himself from feeling that much pressure.

When he was refining, he had Jiang Sihua enter the Time Domain too. As Jiang Sihua ate, he also refined.

"Alright, I’m done evolving!" After Jiang Sihua ate a hundred and twenty pills, she had succeeded in evolving. She had previously said that she would take a hundred pills, but she did not evolve after she ate a hundred, so Chen Xiang could only continue to refine them until she evolved.

Chen Xiang immediately withdrew his Time Domain, then let Jiang Lisi and Jiang Sihua cultivate the Twin Life Mysterious Techniques together, and allowed the two of them to stay in the Time Domain. Thus, Chen Xiang only waited a day, and they succeeded.

"I am much more relaxed now." Chen Xiang looked at the two Young girl Danling s that had evolved. Although they didn’t look like they had changed, he could feel that their bodies were extremely strong.

Chen Xiang pinched their sweet faces and laughed: "You guys have become stronger, looks like I’ll have to teach you guys how to fight in the future, maybe you guys can help me out?"

"Elder Brother Shen, we will fight." Jiang Lisi said: "We can continue to evolve, as long as you give us enough pills."

Chen Xiang nodded his head, and laughed: "In the future, I will learn a new type of pill, and I will refine more for you to eat!"

Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pellets were refined using a lot of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s, but Jiang Sihua and Jiang Sihua were able to absorb the energy outside and directly form the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pellet. They did not know why they were so mysterious, but they were able to do this kind of thing.

"It’s only been six hours?" Chen Xiang was in disbelief.

Although Jiang Lisi and Jiang Sihua were doing other things, it did not affect them from condensing the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pellets. As Chen Xiang looked at the two Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pellets, he could not help but exclaim in admiration, because the quality of the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pellets was the same as the one he had refined using the impact derivation method!

In these six hours, each of them had condensed one pellet, which was two pellets. However, Chen Xiang had previously required about ten days to refine even one pellet.

"They really are two treasures." Inside You Yao Mountain Villa, Chen Xiang caressed the Young girl Danling’s beautiful face.

Following that, Chen Xiang continued to eat the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pellet to cultivate. He did not enter the Time Domain when he was cultivating because he could not absorb the special World Defying Stage Fierce Power above the Myriad Tao.

Jiang Lisi and Jiang Sihua could condense eight Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pellets in a day, and there was a steady flow of them. This allowed Chen Xiang to save the fatigue of refining pills, which would happen after he ate them.

Qin Shuang cultivated for more than a month before walking around. From her expression, it seemed that her progress was not going smoothly. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

"You, don’t you need to concoct pills?" During this month, Qin Shuang would pay attention to Chen Xiang from time to time. She could always see him eating that high quality Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pill and not being able to see him refining it.

"Of course I don’t need to refine it." Chen Xiang laughed, "I am a genius Alchemist."

Qin Shuang observed Chen Xiang for two days, and the more he looked at it, the more surprised he became. Chen Xiang really didn’t need to refine pills, she would take out two Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pills every six hours and eat them. Qin Shuang exclaimed.

"More or less. However, they are not old hens. Instead, they are two very beautiful little girls." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Pill spirit!" You refined a pill? But that’s impossible! The Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pill should be an Primordial Desolate Pill that’s around the level of a middle and upper rank pill. You still can’t refine a Pill Spirit of this level, right? " Qin Shuang had some understanding of all these.

"I was the one who caused the pill spirit to evolve. Of course, I can’t forge it ..." "Don’t you know how hard it is to refine a pill spirit?" Chen Xiang had only successfully refined one pellet spirit of the Strong strength Dan, and that was Jiang Lisi who was in the You Yao Mountain Villa.

The longer Qin Shuang was together with Chen Xiang, the more they felt that Chen Xiang was terrifying! She had eaten the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pellet that Chen Xiang had refined using the impact derivation method. That kind of quality had a certain effect on her, Chen Xiang had also said that it was extremely difficult to concoct.

But now, every six hours, Chen Xiang would have two of these pellets, one which was basically unnecessary to refine. This expanded her horizons, and was something she had never even heard of before.

It was only now that she truly understood the terror of Alchemist, and also understood that after she became enemies with him, she must kill him at all costs. Otherwise, the other party would get her revenge sooner or later.

"How are you doing?" Qin Shuang asked: "You still can’t condense the second World Defying Stage Fierce Soul?"

"It’s not enough, my body is not strong enough yet ..." I don’t know what’s going on, but my body is like a bottomless pit. I’ve eaten a lot of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pills, and even though they are gradually increasing in strength, I feel that they have been unable to bring my body to its limits. " Chen Xiang frowned and sighed.

"You have that dragon in your body ..." This is normal! " Qin Shuang said: "That dragon was also absorbing the medicinal power of your Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pill, but you had merged with that dragon, so you did not discover it yourself.

Qin Shuang’s face was filled with jealousy, cultivating World Defying beast was something many people would dream of!