Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang did not expect that the World Defying beast would be able to absorb most of the medicinal power, because he had never faced such a situation before. Now that he heard Qin Shuang say this, he started to suspect, and anxiously went to check on the six World Defying beast in the Divine Sense Sea World.

After investigating, he found that there was a large amount of energy inside those World Defying beast s that was unique to the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pill. Although they had already refined it, Chen Xiang was able to discern the remaining Qi. + Top + + +,

"So it’s these guys ..." "But why didn’t you absorb it before?" Chen Xiang felt that it was a little strange. Previously, when he was cultivating, he did not notice that these World Defying beast had absorbed his medicinal power.

Feng Ke’er said: "Maybe because previously, they were very strong and felt that there was no need to increase their strength for now. Now that they have come to this place, they felt that their own strength was not strong enough and started to strengthen themselves ... They are a part of you anyway. They are your power. "

"That’s true. If the World Defying beast is strong, it’s also equivalent to increasing a part of my strength. It’s a good thing for me." Chen Xiang only needed to waste more time to cultivate. He was not lacking in the area of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pills, because he had the two Young girl Danling s, Jiang Lisi and, to help him condense the pellet.

Even if there was a lot of commotion, it wouldn’t be enough to wake him up. Chen Xiang, on the other hand, continued to eat the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pellet to cultivate. The only way to condense the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul was to make his body stronger.

Currently, Qin Shuang was the only one who was extremely relaxed, because she had already reached a bottleneck, and it was unknown how she would be able to break through. Furthermore, since Chen Xiang was training seriously, she couldn’t disturb Chen Xiang either.

Although Chen Xiang was cultivating, he was still able to keep an eye on the things happening around him. He saw Qin Shuang walking back from where he came, and laughed: "Did you find any treasures on the island?"

"Although this is the World Defying holy dragon’s old nest, I haven’t found anything." Qin Shuang shook his head, and said: "You should focus on your cultivation!"

"I’ve been training very seriously this entire time." Chen Xiang curled his lips: "But you, you seem to have nothing to do, walking around everywhere."

"There’s nothing I can do ..." I’ve reached a bottleneck, and it’s not something I can break through. " Qin Shuang had also not reached her level, so she could not discuss anything with him.

"What problem did you encounter, do you think I can help you solve it?" Chen Xiang asked: "If I can help you solve it, then maybe when I encounter the same problem in the future, I’ll be able to easily solve it."

Chen Xiang knew that Qin Shuang was about to step into the Aoshi Holy Stage, so it was normal for him to run into problems.

"My problem isn’t good. After all, I just stepped into the Peak of World Defying crazy realm not too long ago, and I’ve already broken through from the middle stage of the World Defying crazy realm all of a sudden to the peak. If I were to attack the Aoshi Holy Stage now, it would definitely be very difficult. Qin Shuang said: "So this is a normal thing. It won’t be too late after another hundred years."

Chen Xiang shook his head, and said: "The time I need to cultivate all the way, is much shorter than others. Some people might break through too quickly, but I have never encountered any disadvantages! The only way I can cultivate so quickly is through pills! Many realms, in the eyes of most people, require thousands and thousands of years to break through. By consuming medicinal pills, I was able to break through successfully.

What Chen Xiang said was the truth, and he would be able to prove it to Qin Shuang very soon.

"That’s you ..." Qin Shuang didn’t know what to do, she had already seen Chen Xiang’s Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pill. If Chen Xiang were to continuously consume the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pill, he would definitely be able to breakthrough quickly.

Furthermore, it wouldn’t be long before they could reach the Peak of World Defying crazy realm. The time required to do so was definitely much less than the amount of time needed to reach the so-called genius disciples of the large clans.

"Shuang Shuang, if you have any problems, then do it." Chen Xiang laughed. "Don’t be embarrassed."

Qin Shuang snorted lightly, and said: "Stepping into the Aoshi Holy Stage, requires all four World Defying Stage Fierce Fighting Soul s within my body to become arrogant Sacred Battle Souls, the process of transformation won’t be easy ..."

"Can’t I consume pills?" Chen Xiang asked.

"This won’t do, because if one wants to raise the Berserker Soul, they will need to constantly search for suitable World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s from the World Defying Stage Soul River to devour. This is an extremely long process." Qin Shuang sighed.

Chen Xiang frowned: "There’s no rush, no rush. We’ll go find Wang Dao when we leave this place, this guy should know how to solve this problem."

The last time, he could have refined the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul on the way to king, but he had only told Chen Xiang the direction. He did not have the specific details either, so he had to comprehend it on his own.

"Actually, I am not in a rush right now. I have already experienced stepping into the Aoshi Holy Stage once, and I know that this stage is extremely difficult. You know Zhu Haiprofound and He Yancong, right? They are only in the middle stage of the World Defying crazy realm, and they have stopped for a long time, especially He Yancong. He himself is a member of the Soul River Divine Race, but he has stayed in this stage for such a long time. "

Chen Xiang understood what Qin Shuang meant. This stage required a very long time before one could break through.

In the remaining time, Qin Shuang did not cultivate. She was researching on the blood flames here, the blood flames were extremely powerful and could melt Crystal emperor, but the island was right in the middle of the Blood Wind Fire Sea, and there was nothing wrong with it.

Several months had passed, and Chen Xiang felt that his body had improved a lot compared to before. He now felt that it was about enough, he could go to the World Defying Stage Soul River to find a suitable World Defying Stage Fierce Soul.

Right now, eating Huakuan Dan was still effective, moreover this kind of Huakuan Dan was of extremely high quality. Both Jiang Lisi and Jiang Sihua could condense it, and after evolving, they could condense low quality pills even faster, and the quality would also be higher.

After Chen Xiang ate a Huakuan Dan, his spirit quickly broke through the World Defying Stage Soul River. In one breath, he arrived at the third floor of the World Defying Stage Soul River and started to search for the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul.

Qin Shuang also knew that Chen Xiang was about to begin fusing with the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, so she said from the side, "If your body becomes stronger, the released spirit will become stronger, and this kind of strong spirit can attract the strong World Defying Stage Fierce Soul ... That’s why all of us Fierce Fighting God s train our physical bodies to the peak before we begin to fuse with them. "

"World Defying Stage Fierce Fighting Soul is even harder to find than normal World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, so Fierce Fighting God’s breakthrough speed is extremely slow, but is still extremely powerful."

The only thing Chen Xiang wanted to do now was to find a World Defying Stage Fierce Soul that he was satisfied with, and then step into the middle stage of the World Defying crazy realm.

Because of his previous experience with fusing with the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, Chen Xiang had already made preparations to use a long time to search for the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

However, just as he was about to make his preparations, he suddenly sensed a very strong World Defying Stage Fierce Soul rushing towards him. It was just a ball of light, but it carried a very strong dragon’s might!

Chen Xiang was sure that it was a World Defying Stage Fierce Soul related to a dragon!