Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The fact that the World Defying holy dragon knew quite a few other World Defying beast made Chen Xiang wonder if there were many stronger World Defying beast than him in the Myriad Tao.

"World Defying holy dragon, did you have an owner before?" Chen Xiang laughed, he had only asked a casual question initially, but the World Defying holy dragon’s reply surprised him.

"Yes!" The World Defying holy dragon said: "But it’s not that I want to get rid of him, it’s that he is dead. He wanted me to come out before he died and let me escape that dangerous place, I am able to have such a powerful strength, it’s all because of him. Even if I’m much stronger than him, I will still not leave."

World Defying holy dragon had a master, and he was very strong!

"Aren’t you the strongest amongst all of Myriad Tao? But now, the Soul River Divine Race does not look that good either! " Chen Xiang had killed He Yancong previously, and he had also seen the few elders from the Soul River Divine Race. Although they were very strong, they were not strong enough to kill World Defying holy dragon.

"Soul River Divine Race and Fierce Saber Race are both very strong, the ones on top of World Defying Stage Soul River are the strongest, it’s just that they rarely come to the surface." The World Defying holy dragon said: "Only if there is something extremely important will they personally step in! And the Soul River Divine Race on the ground are also very strong ... "

"But they are very arrogant!" Chen Xiang said.

"They can’t be considered to be arrogant. They thought they could deal with me after obtaining my life essence, but they never expected you to appear." World Defying holy dragon knew very well, if it was not seven, she would not be able to do it. It was Chen Xiang who snatched his life force from the Fierce Saber Race. He did not know what would happen next.

In the future, you need to be more careful. When you do not have enough strength, you need to hide the World Defying beast you cultivated out the most. " The World Defying holy dragon said: "There aren’t many that can cultivate a World Defying beast, so they are all very jealous of, and even afraid of this kind of people. Moreover, they all feel that they can steal other people’s World Defying beast."

Chen Xiang had a deep experience of this matter, he had already encountered this kind of situation before when he was in the Divine Wasteland. Fortunately, he had sufficient strength back then, and was able to protect his World Defying Green dragon.

"Send us out!" Chen Xiang said: "We still have some important things to do!"

Chen Xiang wanted to return to the Heaven Old Super Realm with Qin Shuang to search for secret manuals to defend against the blood fire. If they could successfully defend against the blood fire here, they could freely travel through the Blood Wind Fire Sea to find the Tao-creation’s Holy stone.

Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang jumped onto the World Defying holy dragon’s back, and let the World Defying holy dragon send them out!

When they were near the edge of the Blood Wind Fire Sea, the World Defying holy dragon suddenly said: "There are quite a few people from the Fierce Saber Race and the Fierce Saber Race outside, I cannot just send you out like this ... Maybe you guys should think about it and don’t go out for the time being! "

"They should think that we have died ... Why are you still guarding outside? " Chen Xiang found it hard to understand.

"They must know about you and think you’re not that dead." Qin Shuang said.

"Send me out, it’s okay." Chen Xiang was in a hurry to return to the Purple Yang Divine Palace with Qin Shuang.

The World Defying holy dragon drilled into the ground! Although the underground was complicated, it was filled with blood-red flames. The temperature was very high, and only the power released by the World Defying holy dragon could withstand it.

After going down the tunnel, the World Defying holy dragon sent Chen Xiang and outside of the Blood Wind Fire Sea to a deep pit. It was extremely quiet here, and there were no people in the surrounding area.

"We’re finally out! It’s not easy!" Chen Xiang looked at the black desert around him, as well as the blood colored gale that appeared from time to time. Then, he took out the Six Realms mirrors and entered it, controlling it to quickly roll around and leave.

"How do I return to the Heaven Old Super Realm?" Chen Xiang asked. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"Above this Myriad Tao, there are still the Transmission array s constructed by the Super Yang Old Ancestor. We’ll be able to return through these Transmission array s." Qin Shuang said: "At that time, I will only need to provide some energy in order to activate the Transmission array."

"Doesn’t that mean that anyone can go to the Heaven Old Super Realm?" Chen Xiang said with a frown.

"Yes, but you don’t have to worry, even if they return, it won’t be of much use. Although many people know that Divine Soil Restricted Area has a large amount of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, no one has dared to go there for many years." Qin Shuang laughed coldly: "It’s not that easy to obtain Divine Soil Restricted Area s."

After carefully changing their appearances, Qin Shuang and Chen Xiang hid their auras and then headed towards the Heaven Fire City.

Wang Dao was still inside the Heaven Fire City. After Chen Xiang arrived at the Heaven Fire City, he searched for Wang Dao to leave behind some secret marks in the corner of the carriage before finding the hiding place of Wang Dao.

"Brat ... "You’re not dead after all, hurry up and come in!" Wang Dao called out in a low voice.

After Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang entered the room, Wang Dao immediately said: "You youngsters, you’re so brave!"

"Half-ghost Old Man, how did they know about me?" When Chen Xiang went into the city, he saw his own portrait. He curled his lips: "The picture on the bounty slip isn’t nice at all. When I have time, I’ll draw a good picture for them."

"Stop messing around. Things are so serious right now, you still have the mood to joke around." Wang Dao was extremely speechless. Qin Shuang and Chen Xiang didn’t care about this matter in the slightest right now, and had even ran back to the Heaven Fire City.

"I found out. It was a guy named Hong Qianyi who provided some information to the Fierce Saber Race." Wang said, "You should know this guy!"

"Of course I know him. It was this fellow who sent me up here... He definitely would not dare to tell Fierce Saber Race about this. " Chen Xiang scoffed, "I must find this guy and let him earn my bounty!"

"Oh right, little demon, I never thought that you would actually enter the Purple Yang Divine Palace and find more than ten Crystal emperor s inside. I have never seen a Crystal emperor in my life before. Wang Daozi chuckled.

Hearing that, Qin Shuang’s face sunk, because Chen Xiang had never told her about this.

"You bastard, you didn’t even tell me when you went to Purple Yang Divine Palace." Qin Shuang’s face was cold as he stared at Chen Xiang.

"This... I forgot to tell you! " Chen Xiang’s words made Qin Shuang even angrier. It was impossible for Chen Xiang to forget about it, because not long ago, Chen Xiang had mentioned about the Purple Yang Divine Palace to her.

"Alright, I’ll give you half of those Crystal emperor. That should be fine, right?" Chen Xiang had obtained those Crystal emperor from the Super Yang Old Ancestor, while Qin Shuang was the granddaughter of the Super Yang Old Ancestor, so everything inside the Purple Yang Divine Palace belonged to Qin Shuang.

"How much do you have left?" Qin Shuang snorted.

Chen Xiang took out nine Crystal emperor, he guessed that this matter would be exposed, and it was all leaked by Thief King’s group.

"Spirit of Divine Alter asked for a few pieces himself." Chen Xiang curled his lips: "I’m not using any of them, the rest are here."

"I want two. Keep the rest for yourself." Qin Shuang took two pieces, and then glared at Chen Xiang with disdain. However, when she thought about how Chen Xiang had given her the Purple Yang Excalibur, she didn’t really blame him anymore.