Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

Seeing that, Chen Xiang could not help but shout out in shock, "What is going on? Could it be that other people have entered this place before, but that is impossible! They need Purple Yang Excalibur s to come here! "

He immediately became alert and carefully observed his surroundings. He was worried that there was a very strong person hiding inside.

"Don’t panic!" Qin Shuang saw that Chen Xiang was extremely nervous and patted his shoulder. "This place should have been like this from the start."

Qin Shuang carefully checked the empty bookshelves, he used his Purple Yang Excalibur to stab into one of the bookshelves and easily penetrated it, only to see the entire study room suddenly flashing with purple light.

After the purple light disappeared, there were suddenly a few books here! Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

"Something has appeared." Chen Xiang shouted.

Qin Shuang had already picked up one of the books and was quickly flipping through it.

"Why is there nothing up there... Are you looking up there? " Chen Xiang picked up a book and started flipping through it. It was all empty, he took a glance at the book that Qin Shuang was reading, and the inside was also empty.

"Of course you can’t see ... This is what the Super Yang Old Ancestor wrote for his descendants to read, without his bloodline, you wouldn’t be able to see it. " Qin Shuang said.

"At least I have a Sword Blood." Chen Xiang curled his lips, he was extremely curious about the contents of the records.

"Don’t worry, if I find anything, I will definitely tell you." Qin Shuang seemed to have seen something important, his face was solemn.

There were a total of four books here. For some reason, she suddenly put away the book and took out another. Soon, all four books had been read by her.

"What’s written on it?" Chen Xiang was extremely curious.

"A few trivial matters ..." Qin Shuang said.

"Even a child wouldn’t believe what you just said. Something big must have happened!" Chen Xiang stuck out his tongue, "You actually lied to me. "Popular!"

Didn’t you also hide the matter of me entering the Purple Yang Divine Palace from me before? Qin Shuang acted as if she didn’t know him, and said: "Don’t worry, there’s a method to defend against the blood fire recorded on it."

"That’s good! Then did they say where Super Yang Old Ancestor went? " Chen Xiang asked.

"Yes, but I don’t know what kind of place that is either. The World Defying holy dragon probably knows about it ... If my guess is not wrong, it should be above World Defying Stage Soul River. " Qin Shuang said: "Let’s go find a formation plate. That formation plate can defend against the blood fire."

Qin Shuang left the study room with Chen Xiang and wandered around the Purple Yang Divine Palace. Finally, they arrived at a room that seemed like an artifact forging room. She took out an array disc from the bottom of a large stove, and then poured some World Defying Stage Fierce Power into it.

Chen Xiang also took out the Six Realms mirrors and said, "I’m going to copy the array inside."

"Six Realms mirrors has this kind of ability?" Qin Shuang was a little surprised.

"Of course, my Six Realms mirrors is powerful!" Then, he used the mirror to look at the formation plate. He only returned the formation plate to Qin Shuang after Feng Ke’er told him that it was complete.

"And now?" Chen Xiang asked: Do you want to stay here for a few more days?

"No need, we need to hurry up and find Hong Qianyi." Qin Shuang said: "If possible, bring me to see Spirit of Divine Alter."

After leaving the Purple Yang Divine Palace and reaching the surface, Chen Xiang immediately teleported outside the Divine Soil Restricted Area.

"The enchantment of the Divine Soil Restricted Area has become stronger again!" Chen Xiang said in shock: "Fortunately, I could have entered."

When Chen Xiang touched the barrier, it released a very strong repulsive force at first, but when Chen Xiang sensed his aura, he immediately weakened it and he could bring Qin Shuang in.

In the Sun God Forest, the Spirit of Divine Alter was releasing flames to help Chen Cai refine equipment. Chen Xiang gave a piece of the Crystal emperor, but with Chen Cai’s current strength, it was difficult to refine using the Crystal emperor alone.

"Damn it, you’re finally alive!" When Qin Shuang arrived, he ruthlessly kicked Spirit of Divine Alter.

"Eldest Miss!" Spirit of Divine Alter said in shock: "You’re actually still alive ... You’re prettier than you used to be! "Heh heh ..."

"Humph!" Qin Shuang coldly snorted, "You are becoming more and more powerful, you have more and more Crystal emperor on your body!"

"I’ve been out of luck once, so of course I have to be careful now." Spirit of Divine Alter laughed: "Chen Xiang, how did you seduce the First Miss?"

"She was the one who hooked me up. Who allowed the Purple Yang Excalibur to be in my hands?" Chen Xiang laughed, but when he saw Qin Shuang’s cold eyes, he immediately stopped smiling, and did not dare smile anymore.

"You have to protect the Divine Soil Restricted Area well here, there should be a lot of fellows targeting you at the top of the Myriad Tao." Qin Shuang said: "If the Divine Soil Restricted Area s were to be breached, grandfather will definitely not let you go if he finds out."

"Don’t worry, with me here, Divine Soil Restricted Area will guarantee our safety." Spirit of Divine Alter was very confident.

"Let’s go, we will look for Hong Qianyi now." After seeing the Spirit of Divine Alter, Qin Shuang was more at ease after seeing his current strength.

"Hong Qianyi? This guy was here before. He wanted to break through the spirit formation, but he failed. " The Spirit of Divine Alter said: "That’s right, I want to bring the sword clan’s Bai Family here. The relationship between the sword clan’s Bai Family and Chen Xiang is not bad, and their strengths are very strong, so they are worthy of being nurtured. They have inherited the spirit of the Super Yang Old Ancestor’s sword dao."

"Do whatever you want!" Qin Shuang also approved of the Bai Family, especially Bai Xuelan’s Sword Blood, giving her a strange sense of intimacy.

After Chen Xiang and his group left, they headed towards the Bai Family. When Bai Xuelan and Bai Ximing saw that Chen Xiang had returned, they were very happy, but Bai Xuelan also noticed that Chen Xiang had become much stronger than before.

"Has Hong Qianyi come?" Chen Xiang asked.

"That’s true, but the one year time limit is almost up. When the time comes, he will definitely come." Bai Ximing said.

"What about the other Super Yang Divine Race s?" Qin Shuang asked.

When Bai Ximing and Bai Xuelan saw Qin Shuang together with him, they knew that their relationship was not bad. Earlier on, Chen Xiang had lent his Purple Yang Excalibur to Qin Shuang.

"They came before, but were all beaten away by us." Bai Ximing said. The current Bai Ximing was extremely confident, because he already had the Sword Blood. Previously, Chen Xiang refined a Sword Blood pellet for him to eat.

"Hong Qianyi will be here soon. Should we wait for him here?" Bai Ximing said.

"No need, we’ll go directly to Heaven Old Imperial Palace to find him. He should be inside." Chen Xiang said, "Xue Lan, you don’t need to go. Stay here and watch over Bai Mansion."

was very surprised to hear that he had directly smashed into the Heaven Old Imperial Palace.

"Is that a problem?" The Heaven Old Imperial Palace was still very strong, but Chen Xiang wanted to attack together with Qin Shuang. This made him feel that it was very dangerous.

"No problem!" Chen Xiang laughed, "Let’s go now!"

They were in a hurry to go to Myriad Tao in search of the Tao-creation’s Holy stone.

After leaving the Bai Mansion, Chen Xiang brought Qin Shuang and teleported to the city where the Heaven Old Imperial Palace was!

Our Address