Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

The Heaven Old Imperial Palace was heavily guarded and surrounded by layers of enchantments, it was extremely difficult to break through. This level of enchantment was not something Chen Xiang could easily break through, even if Feng Ke’er took action, it would take him some time.

"I originally thought that I would be able to charge in, but it seems that it won’t be that easy now." ≥ apex ≥ ≥ ≥,. " When Chen Xiang took out the Heavenly magic sword, it had already fused with the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, causing its power to increase greatly.

"Hong Qianyi is inside. I made some noise and he would definitely know that I was coming. He should be running out to take a look himself."

Qin Shuang said. She took out her Purple Yang Excalibur and slashed a few strands of Sword Qi at the Heaven Old Imperial Palace. The purple colored Sword Qi brought out waves of fierce flames, and like a few waves rushing forward, it collided with the barrier and created a shockwave.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

A large number of buildings were destroyed because of the shock wave. The entire Heaven Old Imperial Palace was shaken by the shockwave wave wave, causing a lot of the buildings inside to collapse.

"This barrier is so powerful!" Qin Shuang exclaimed. She had used a very strong World Defying Stage Fierce Power just now, but was unable to break it.

Such a huge commotion had already shaken the entire city, and all the people around Heaven Old Imperial Palace had fled far away. They were very clear that if people with such a cultivation level were to fight, if they were to be drawn into it, they would definitely die, and all they needed to do was watch from afar.

"Who exactly are they, to actually dare to provoke the Heaven Old Imperial Palace like this, don’t they know that the Heaven Old Imperial Family is the most powerful out of the nine suns?" I’m so tired of living! "

"This person looks very strong, if not he would not have made such a huge commotion. The Heaven Old Imperial Palace’s barrier can absorb a lot of energy, but many palaces inside the Heaven Old Imperial Palace have been destroyed by that energy."

"I heard that Hong Qianyi is in the Heaven Old Imperial Palace and his strength is extraordinary. At such a young age, he is already a middle stage World Defying crazy realm Gifted Fierce Fighting God and his World Defying Stage Fierce Fighting Soul is all in the third floor and above. According to what I heard, there are still four floors."

"The people from the Heaven Old Imperial Palace are out, is that Hong Qianyi?"

In the distance, a man in golden clothes flew out as he hovered in the air.

This person was Hong Qianyi. Chen Xiang was currently hiding on the ground and had not revealed himself.

When Hong Qianyi came out, although he had already changed his appearance, he quickly recognized him. He had fought with Qin Shuang before, so he was extremely familiar with the smell of Qin Shuang’s power.

"As expected, you all did not die. Looks like you all came out from the Blood Wind Fire Sea a long time ago!" Hong Qianyi was currently very calm, his strength was not as strong as Qin Shuang’s. If it was before, he would be extremely afraid of Qin Shuang.

And now that he was so determined, it was clear that he had something to rely on.

"We were going to die, but we guessed that you would inform us, so we came back to life. If we didn’t kill you, we wouldn’t be able to rest in peace." Chen Xiang suddenly flew up from the ground, and laughed: "How do you feel about the dignified Heaven Old Imperial Family being a snitch?"

"Chen Xiang, you ..." Hong Qianyi wanted to make a move, but he had a blood contract with Chen Xiang, so he couldn’t make a move against him for a year. It was only a few days away from the end of the year, but he still didn’t dare make a move.

"Shuang Shuang, if you kill this guy, I won’t do anything. I don’t look like I’m going to dirty my hands." Chen Xiang said to Qin Shuang, but Qin Shuang did not immediately make his move. This made Chen Xiang feel that it was a little strange, because Qin Shuang was a very decisive woman.

"There are people from the Fierce Saber Race here!" Qin Shuang said in a deep voice: "There are two of them, they are not weak, they should be in the Peak of World Defying crazy realm!"

Chen Xiang was also on guard, but he did not realize, because he could tell that Hong Qianyi was exceptionally calm, and so he had something to rely on.

"Not bad, you dog slave. You can actually bring your master here ... However, this is not strange. Since you’ve discovered a treasure, Master is happy and will naturally come. " Chen Xiang’s words made Hong Qianyi extremely angry.

"You just wait and see. As long as the contract expires, I’ll surely torture you until you wish you were dead." Hong Qianyi’s words were filled with viciousness.

"I’ll wait for you!" Chen Xiang disagreed, and at the same time, fiercely thrusted out his Heavenly magic sword, unexpectedly taking the initiative to attack Hong Qianyi.

Hong Qianyi had long expected this would happen, as his body erupted with a burst of golden light and released a protective shield. After enduring Chen Xiang’s attack, his body was also sent flying, allowing him to return to the Heaven Old Imperial Palace to hide inside the barrier.

At the same time, a few figures flew out from the Heaven Old Imperial Palace, carrying with them Fierce Saber Race’s unique aura.

There are four of them. I’ll take care of three of them while you take care of one yourself. Qin Shuang anxiously said. Although these Fierce Saber Race s were late stage World Defying crazy realm, they were not terrifying Fierce Fighting God s, they were just people who had fused with the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul. Qin Shuang felt that dealing with three of them was not a problem.

The four Fierce Saber Race people were all middle-aged. Once they came out, they were sure that Qin Shuang was not easy to deal with, and quickly decided that three people would be necessary to deal with Qin Shuang. If it was just two of them, they didn’t have much confidence either, and were even worried that they would be killed by Qin Shuang.

They did not think that Chen Xiang was that powerful, even though Hong Qianyi had warned them time and time again not to look at Chen Xiang.

After the four Fierce Saber Race s came out, one of them directly flew towards Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang had never fought with someone from the Fierce Saber Race before.

When the middle aged man came over, he only saw that one of his arms had suddenly grown longer, and was extremely flexible, like a whip. The scariest thing was, his palm had turned into a sharp black blade, slashing towards Chen Xiang at an extremely fast speed.

Chen Xiang did not expect his opponent to attack in such a strange manner, luckily his reaction was fast enough, he brandished his sword and opened up the black blade, and after flying out, the blade suddenly swung over.

"This fellow..." Chen Xiang teleported and slashed at the slender and flexible arm that was connected to the handle of the blade.

With a swoosh, it was immediately cut off by Chen Xiang. What he did not expect was that after the arm was broken, it actually did not lose control, and directly spun once, quickly piercing towards his back. When it came piercing over, the black blade suddenly shook, and like a sudden doppelganger, over ten black blades of the same size shot over.

Chen Xiang never expected that there would be such an attack, and it was even quick. Although he hurriedly dodged, he was still stabbed in the stomach. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Just as he was about to pull it out, he felt that the blade was trembling!

"Not good, it’s about to explode! Ke Er, hurry up and seal the saber!" Chen Xiang only thought that Feng Ke’er would be able to sense his intentions and quickly activate the seal.