Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

Feng Ke’er quickly sealed the black blade!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

With a muffled sound, the black blade only trembled for a moment before breaking apart. If it was not sealed, it would have definitely exploded. Popular ()

"This guy’s methods are really surprising!" Chen Xiang finally experienced the power of a Fierce Saber Race. Every part of his body could actually become a blade, and the black blade just now was the middle-aged man’s flesh, so when it shattered, he could see fresh blood flowing out.

There were still over 10 black blades flying around, and when the middle aged man saw that Chen Xiang was actually able to dissolve his technique, he suddenly felt that it was a little difficult for Chen Xiang to deal with them. He anxiously retracted the black blades, and after the black blades returned, they turned into his arm, and the arm that was severed just now returned again, only that it was thinner than before, because he had released a blade that exploded, but did not succeed.

"Other than being fast, this guy isn’t that powerful. I just want to be on guard against his weird blade." Chen Xiang had already seen through his opponent’s trick, and then, he took a deep breath.

This time, he was the first to attack, directly teleporting over, the Heavenly magic sword shook, and rushed out while roaring, the berserk sword force instantly causing the middle-aged man to be startled.

Following the continuous increase in Chen Xiang’s sword force, the middle-aged man’s stupefied face was filled with fear. He seemed to have sensed Chen Xiang’s World Defying Stage Fierce Soul and he was even certain that he was indeed an extremely powerful World Defying Stage Fierce Fighting Soul!

"World Defying Stage Fierce Fighting Soul!" The Fierce Saber Race’s middle-aged man felt like he was in a great calamity, his two arms suddenly became two huge arms, blocking in front of his body.

"Bastard! Do you think I’m easy to bully? I’ll let you bunch of grandsons see just how amazing I am!" Chen Xiang let out a furious roar as his long sword hacked down. Like a bolt of lightning, it spewed out raging flames that fell like a giant axe. Almost all the books I wish to read are available, and it is much faster to find new ones that are more stable than the average station. There are no advertisements in the entire text.] Full download/

’Bang! ’a loud sound was heard.

When the two gigantic blades made contact with the Heavenly magic sword, they instantly shattered, and after the Heavenly magic sword slashed down, its tip released an extremely strong Sword Qi, aimed right at the middle aged Fierce Saber Race’s forehead, after the Sword Qi erupted, it directly pierced through the middle-aged man’s head.

As his head was penetrated by the Sword Qi, the middle-aged Divine Sense Sea was in a state of collapse.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" The middle-aged man screamed.

"It won’t be that easy to kill me!" Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword shook, and the Berserk Sword Soul inside released waves after waves of tyrannical sword force. The instant Chen Xiang brandished his sword, the sword force exploded out, condensing into sword qi, and transformed into a violent storm, enveloping the middle-aged man from all directions.

Shua shua shua! The sword qi danced as it turned into thousands of swords, piercing back and forth in a domain, slicing the Fierce Saber Race middle-aged man into pieces!

"Too terrifying... What technique is this fellow using? Furthermore, the sword force is actually so terrifying, to be able to sense it so clearly from so far away. "

"That woman is even stronger. She can actually go one against three. Those three middle-aged men can’t hold on any longer."

Right after everyone finished talking, Chen Xiang teleported over, the long sword stabbed, piercing through a middle aged man’s head.

Originally, it was already difficult for the three of them to deal with Qin Shuang, but now that one of them was killed, the two of them were like a collapsing river wall that was quickly destroyed by Qin Shuang.

The people in the distance could only see the Purple Yang Excalibur’s purple light dancing about in Qin Shuang’s hands. The sword qi was like a dragon, and it was like a violent wave had swept the two middle-aged men into the surging sword qi and was torn apart by the sword qi.

"Hmph, you think a bunch of trash can go to Divine Soil Restricted Area and plunder the Myriad Tao Divine Soil?" Qin Shuang sneered, and looked at Hong Qianyi who was inside the Heaven Old Imperial Palace.

Hong Qianyi’s face was filled with fear, especially Chen Xiang, who had actually made such huge progress, and could kill a Fierce Saber Race Ranker without relying on the Six Realms mirrors, which was something he couldn’t do.

"You all ... Do you know who you just killed? " Hong Qianyi roared loudly. He felt that since he was hiding in the Heaven Old Imperial Palace, Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang would not be able to break through the barrier.

"Of course I know. Isn’t he your Fierce Saber Race’s master? You dog slave, your master is already dead, why are you still blabbering here even if you didn’t kill yourself? Chen Xiang mocked and laughed, making Hong Qianyi extremely angry, no one had ever humiliated him like this before.

Hong Qianyi did not go out, even if he went out, it would be useless, because he did not have the means to attack Chen Xiang, so he could only wait here for reinforcements to arrive.

Humph, just come in if you have the guts, Heaven Old Imperial Palace’s barrier is the strongest in the entire Heaven Old Super Realm! " Hong Qianyi laughed coldly, he was luring Chen Xiang to attack the barrier, as it could consume both Chen Xiang’s and Qin Shuang’s energy.

Chen Xiang could obviously see through his little thoughts.

"Xiao Ke’er, how long will it take for you to break this barrier?" Chen Xiang asked.

"There are quite a few layers of Spirit Formations here. I will need around two hours to break through them." Feng Ke’er said.

"No, this is too long. I will break it open with force!" Chen Xiang said.

"Up to you!"

Chen Xiang floated in the air, looking down at Hong Qianyi who was standing on top of a tall tower, and laughed: "I will break this enchantment right now, and at that time, you will just need to stop crying."

Qin Shuang just watched from the side. Although her cultivation was higher than Chen Xiang, and she seemed to be stronger than him, Chen Xiang’s methods were far more powerful than hers.

Chen Xiang took out the Tianchuang furnace and controlled it to float in the air. Then, he made the Tianchuang furnace become extremely huge, and in the blink of an eye, the Tianchuang furnace was like a huge mountain, floating above the Heaven Old Imperial Palace.

When everyone saw such a gigantic cauldron, their hearts were all shaken. This cauldron had enveloped almost the entire Heaven Old Imperial Palace, and everyone could see that Chen Xiang was using this gigantic cauldron to smash Heaven Old Imperial Palace’s barrier.

Even Hong Qianyi who was extremely confident in the barrier felt shocked at this moment.

"Break for me!" Chen Xiang let out a loud roar as he jumped above the huge cauldron. Then, he suddenly descended, heavily stepped on the roof of the huge cauldron, and released a wave of berserk World Defying Stage Fierce Power, allowing the Tianchuang furnace to ruthlessly fall down.

In any case, Tianchuang furnace were refined using Crystal emperor s extremely fast, and they were extremely sturdy, and they also contained a very strong power.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The Tianchuang furnace collided with the barrier and waves of air and tremors roared out, causing all the buildings in the city to crumble and collapse. The shock wave created huge waves of wind and swept away all the houses that had been destroyed, and in the blink of an eye, the entire city was flattened.

"Haha ..." "It did not break!" Hong Qianyi laughed and mocked: "You useless thing, although you look big, it is useless. I am right below you, what can you do to me? "You little bastard, once the contract is over, let’s see how I, Patriarch Hong, will torture you to death!"

The houses inside the Heaven Old Imperial Palace were in ruins, the people inside vomited blood from the shock, and at this moment, the inside was filled with wails of despair.

"You’re still being stubborn even when you’re about to die!" Chen Xiang laughed coldly, then controlled the Tianchuang furnace to float high in the sky.

Seeing that, the people from Heaven Old Imperial Palace ignored Hong Qianyi and flew out of the enchantment of the Heaven Old Imperial Palace. They could leave from the enchantment, but it would be difficult to go in. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

Our Address

...