Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

Seeing that many people had escaped, Hong Qianyi was furious and immediately attacked the people who were running away from the Heaven Old Imperial Palace. In a short moment, many people were beaten to death and injured by him.

Hong Qianyi treated the people from Heaven Old Imperial Palace like this, so everyone ran even faster, because no matter what, death awaited them.

Very quickly, there was only Hong Qianyi left in the Heaven Old Imperial Palace!

What made Chen Xiang feel strange was that Heaven Old Emperor and the elders actually hadn’t come out. He had only heard that Heaven Old Emperor had already changed one, and it seemed to be even stronger.

Previous Chapter Next Chapter "Boom!"

Chen Xiang’s Tianchuang furnace smashed down once again, this time it was even more terrifying than the last, even Hong Qianyi who was hiding inside the barrier was shaken to the point where his face became pale, if not for him holding back, he would have vomited a mouthful of blood long ago.

"Haha ..." "It’s useless. You can’t kill me. This barrier is invincible." Hong Qianyi felt that the enchantment was still very strong, so he forced out a loud laugh.

Everyone also felt that this barrier was terrifying. Even the buildings in this city and Heaven Old Imperial Palace were turned into powder, but the barrier was still there.

"Just laugh!" Chen Xiang released the Six Realms mirrors and allowed it to become extremely huge, at least three thousand meters tall. Such a huge round disk was rolling on the ground, looking like a giant wheel that could crush everything.

Chen Xiang allowed the Six Realms mirrors to fly far away, and then controlled it to quickly roll!

The speed of the Six Realms mirrors was already very fast, adding on to the fact that it was currently so huge, when it flew over, the surrounding space was twisted. After it collided with the barrier, the resulting shockwave immediately tore apart the ground, ripping off a thick layer of soil on the ground.

The enchantment started to loosen, and Hong Qianyi who was inside vomited blood from the terrifying energy.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The gigantic Tianchuang furnace that was floating in the air suddenly descended, smashing into the barrier, causing the ground to shake violently once again!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The Six Realms mirrors quickly rolled and charged forward, fiercely smashing into the barrier!

The Tianchuang furnace smashed, the Six Realms mirrors collided, and so on and so forth until they violently attacked that barrier. With a series of booms and air waves, the constantly reverberating sound in the distance seemed to want to shatter the sky.

The land had been ravaged beyond recognition. Originally, this was a city, but now the ground was split open and endless crevices crisscrossed the ground. Looking down from high altitudes, it was extremely terrifying.

Hong Qianyi, who was inside the barrier, was struck continuously by the shockwaves and was no longer able to stand firm. Every time it vibrated, it was as if he was being pressured by a force, causing him to constantly vomit blood, as if he was trying to squeeze out everything in his body.

"The bounty isn’t that easy to get!" Chen Xiang laughed coldly: "That’s right, your barrier is indeed powerful, but we don’t need to break it open at the moment, to be able to eliminate you!"

Qin Shuang was already numb to his senses watching from the side. Chen Xiang’s two divine tools were just too terrifying!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

Once again, the Six Realms mirrors crashed into each other. Finally, it broke through the layers of barriers, and after it did, the Tianchuang furnace in the sky descended and pressed against Hong Qianyi.

Just as he had killed Hong Qianyi, a golden light shone from afar and a group of people riding on a cloud appeared. From their clothing, it was obvious that they were strong experts from the Heaven Old Imperial Palace.

"It’s a new Heaven Old Emperor, I heard that guy came back from above Myriad Tao, he’s also very strong!"

"Where did they go? Why did they come back so late?! Hong Qianyi was killed!"

"They should be going to the Divine Soil Restricted Area. There are a lot of people who came back from the Myriad Tao, all for the Divine Soil Restricted Area’s sake."

Everyone was discussing!

"Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang? "Good, you guys are here, and you even destroyed my palace. Go!" When Heaven Old Emperor saw that the city and the Heaven Old Imperial Palace no longer existed, he became furious and roared.

"You’re courting death!" Chen Xiang immediately controlled the Six Realms mirrors to roll over from afar, and it crashed into the group of people with a loud bang.

The Six Realms mirrors was like a ray of light, releasing a faint golden light, directly rushing over. Amongst the group of thirty or so people, only a few of them reacted and immediately dodged, while the others were struck by the gigantic Six Realms mirrors and their bodies were directly crushed by the strong impact.

Heaven Old Emperor was one of the ones who dodged. He widened his eyes as his heart filled with shock, because he did not even see clearly what was that thing that flew over.

The Six Realms mirrors was hidden very far away from Chen Xiang, but under Chen Xiang’s control, it could fly over in an instant.

"What bullsh * t Heaven Old Emperor, I wanted to kill you a long time ago." What bullshit Heaven Old Emperor, I wanted to kill you a long time ago. Chen Xiang sneered, and the Tianchuang furnace that had just shrunk in size suddenly turned into a huge mountain, pressing down towards Heaven Old Emperor.

"Ahhhhhhhhh!"

Heaven Old Emperor let out a blood-curdling scream as his body was torn apart by the immense pressure and instantly killed. He was not a Gifted Fierce Fighting God of the Peak of World Defying crazy realm, and was simply not a match for Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang had two World Defying Stage Fierce Fighting Soul s, and they were all extremely rare and powerful ones, their strength was equivalent to Peak of World Defying crazy realm, and even Qin Shuang did not have the confidence to defeat Chen Xiang.

The powerful Heaven Old Imperial Family was annihilated within a single day, and millions of people in this city witnessed the entire process! Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"Come, let’s go to Myriad Tao." The last time she fought with Chen Xiang, Chen Xiang was still far from her, but since that battle, she had been by Chen Xiang’s side almost every day. She had personally watched Chen Xiang grow stronger, and when she thought back to it, she felt that it was a long time ago.

Chen Xiang brought Qin Shuang and teleported to the Transmission array at the bottom of the earth, then they activated it together and quickly arrived above the Myriad Tao.

"Let’s go to the Blood Wind Black Desert now." Chen Xiang laughed as he took out the Six Realms mirrors. After they entered the Six Realms mirrors, the Six Realms mirrors immediately began to roll at high speeds, bringing them towards the dangerous Blood Wind and Black Desert.

Qin Shuang took out an array disc from the Six Realms mirrors. This array disc was found in the Purple Yang Divine Palace.

"My Six Realms mirrors has copied it too!" Chen Xiang laughed: "When the time comes, I’ll give it a try and see if I can withstand the blood fire."

"We have to be careful when we enter. There might be people from the Aoshi Holy Stage outside the Blood Wind Black Desert." Qin Shuang said.

"Hm!" They should know that we destroyed the Heaven Old Imperial Family in Heaven Old Super Realm very quickly. After they find out, they would definitely think that we were not in the Blood Wind Black Desert and would immediately leave there. " Chen Xiang said.

"Why don’t we wait for a while before we go in?" Qin Shuang said.

"Don’t be afraid, we will enter through the big hole left by the World Defying holy dragon. There is a passage to the Blood Wind Fire Sea below, and we will meet with the blood fire below. When the time comes, we can also try and see if we can withstand the blood fire!" Chen Xiang thought about it and said.

"The World Defying holy dragon seemed to have said before that the blood fire underground is even more powerful. If we can successfully use the formation disc to defend against the blood fire, we won’t be afraid when we reach the surface." Qin Shuang nodded and agreed to do as Chen Xiang said.

Our Address

...