Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

In the past few days, Qin Shuang had witnessed all kinds of powerful Six Realms mirrors s. Now, Chen Xiang was using Six Realms mirrors s to capture Tao-creation Holy stone s, which made her extremely worried. 800. More recent chapter access: w.

"Six Realms mirrors were only refined from Crystal emperor. It’s not good to capture Tao-creation Holy stone, right?" Qin Shuang said: "Tao-creation Holy stone must be very hot, and very strong. I’m worried that your Six Realms mirrors won’t be able to be used casually, since it has a protective formation to protect it from blood and fire. If it were to be destroyed, then it wouldn’t be good."

Chen Xiang thought that it was true.

"Alright, when the time comes, I’ll have to use the power of the Red fire dragon." The Six Realms mirrors was extremely important to Chen Xiang right now. If they were to be destroyed, he would not even be able to release the Red fire dragon.

If the Six Realms mirrors was destroyed, he could only use the same array disc as Qin Shuang. Although there was no problem with it, it was extremely inflexible.

"In front of us is where the Tao-creation Holy stone are. We must treat them with caution, we must not let the Tao-creation Holy stone run away." Qin Shuang said, she also hoped to get a piece of Tao-creation Holy stone, if she could refine it into her own, then the Purple Yang Excalibur would definitely become even stronger.

The golden needle started to tremble and glimmer with a golden light. The Tao-creation Holy stone was right in front of them. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"Get ready to start!" Chen Xiang could already feel a faint burning power, even from the power of the formation.

"En!" Qin Shuang’s expression became very serious as she started to emit a faint light aura from her body. It was a star in the middle of an Ice and Fire Domain.

Chen Xiang couldn’t help but admire Qin Shuang. Even in this Blood Wind Fire Sea, she was still able to release a Domain of Ice and Fire, covering a large area. 800

The ice Qin Shuang released was purple in color, and a purple cold energy rose up, releasing waves of purple light. The cold energy carried a wave of hot air, which was extremely strange.

"Over there!" Chen Xiang shouted in shock, he had already seen a Tao-creation Holy stone, it was a light gold, extremely small, only the size of a grain of rice, but the gold light it emitted was extremely strong, it was hard to imagine that such a small object, would actually contain such a dense energy.

"Two pills!" Qin Shuang shouted.

Chen Xiang looked carefully, and sure enough, he noticed two Tao-creation Holy stone were stuck together, but because they appeared, they suddenly separated.

"Each of you take one!" Chen Xiang shouted, and then anxiously rushed to the Tao-creation Holy stone that was closest to him. With a ’straighten of his chest’, flames burst out and a small Red fire dragon was released by the Six Realms mirrors in front of his chest.

After the Red fire dragon flew out, it rushed towards the Tao-creation Holy stone at an extremely fast speed and opened its mouth to swallow it.

Roar!

After the Red fire dragon ate the Tao-creation’s Holy stone, it let out a loud roar. Chen Xiang could also feel that the Red fire dragon was bearing a lot of power.

"Xiao Ke’er, quickly release the seal and seal that fellow." Chen Xiang anxiously shouted, he felt that he was unable to deal with the Tao-creation Holy stone alone, so he was already releasing the World Defying Stage Fierce Power nonstop and channeling it into the Red fire dragon’s body.

Chen Xiang’s strongest power was the Red fire dragon. At this time, he had already used the Red fire dragon’s power, but was still unable to suppress the small piece of the Tao-creation’s Holy stone. In a moment of desperation, he could only allow Feng Ke’er to make a move.

The moment Feng Ke’er came out, the pair of small hands quickly started to dance, and continuously released rows and rows of fine white light threads. Just by walking out, it had turned into a web made from Spirit grain s.

"Get the Red fire dragon to vomit the Tao-creation Holy stone!" Feng Ke’er shouted.

After Chen Xiang controlled the Red fire dragon and spat out the Tao-creation Holy stone, Feng Ke’er hastily controlled the huge net made of Spirit grain and enveloped the glittering Tao-creation Holy stone within.

After the Tao-creation s were shrouded, they struggled frantically. Feng Ke’er quickly retracted the net and the white light threads from the Spirit grain s became a small ball of light.

"Make the Red fire dragon swallow!" Feng Ke’er shouted again.

The Red fire dragon hastily swallowed the little white light bead that was scurrying about.

"How are things now?" Feng Ke’er asked.

"There’s not that much of a commotion anymore." Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief.

"I’ll help her!" Feng Ke’er saw that Qin Shuang had actually used the purple giant net of fire and ice to envelop the Tao-creation Holy stone. Just like how she had helped Chen Xiang just now, the giant net of Spirit grain that was releasing the white light turned into a seal and enveloped the.

With Feng Ke’er’s help, Qin Shuang had become much more relaxed now, and she could no longer feel the violent struggling power of the Tao-creation’s Holy stone. Otherwise, if this continued, who knew when she would be able to tame the Tao-creation’s Holy stone.

"What do we do now?" Chen Xiang looked at the very small Red fire dragon. At this time, the Red fire dragon was still suppressing the Tao-creation Holy stone.

"I don’t know ..." Didn’t World Defying holy dragon say that they can only be used with the approval of these Tao-creation’s Holy stone? " Qin Shuang said: "Let’s wait and see. When they stop struggling, we should consider it a success."

"Let’s leave this place first!" Feng Ke’er said.

Qin Shuang nodded his head: "We will talk after we return to Bloody Wind Island. We will ask World Defying holy dragon what they should do!"

Chen Xiang accepted the Red fire dragon into the Divine Sense Sea. If it was the past, when the Red fire dragon returned to the Divine Sense Sea, it would definitely return back to being a Six beasts. But now, in order to suppress the Tao-creation’s Holy stone, it did not.

"Do you still remember the way back?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course I do." Qin Shuang laughed. At this time, she was very happy to receive the Tao-creation Holy stone. She wanted to return to Bloody Wind Island quickly.

This Blood Wind Fire Sea was very big. Previously, they had been running around randomly with Feng Ke’er’s golden needles, but it was hard for Qin Shuang to remember the way back to the Bloody Wind Island.

After half a day, Qin Shuang suddenly shouted: "Nothing more! That Tao-creation Holy stone is no longer struggling. "

Qin Shuang also placed the Tao-creation s inside his own Divine Sense Sea.

"Mine is still messing around." Chen Xiang said: "You have to be careful, maybe this Tao-creation Holy stone is very cunning and did this on purpose, to allow you to remove those seals."

"I’ll be careful!" Qin Shuang nodded and said: "The World Defying holy dragon have said before, if they were to obtain approval, the Tao-creation’s Holy stone would produce a spirit response from the person they acknowledged.

After pausing for a moment, they continued their sprint.

"Clang!"

Just as Qin Shuang was running along the road, he suddenly kicked against something, causing a loud noise.

"What is this?" Qin Shuang frowned, then walked back.

Chen Xiang followed along, only to see Qin Shuang picking up a broken gong from the ground, the one she kicked just now!

"How could there be such a thing in such a place!" Chen Xiang was very surprised, and her jade-like face was also filled with suspicion.

The Gong seemed to have been here for a long time, and had not melted even after such a long time in Blood Wind Fire Sea. This meant that the Gong was very strong, at least the materials used to make it weren’t too bad, otherwise, it would not be able to withstand the long burn of the blood flame.