Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang were extremely interested in this ancient bronze gong. First was the materials to create the ancient bronze gong, and it made them extremely shocked that it could endure the burning of the blood flame for a long time.

"They must have added the Tao-creation Holy stone!" Chen Xiang said with absolute certainty: "Tao-creation’s Holy stone should be able to endure the burning of blood and fire. Other than Tao-creation’s Holy stone and Tao-creation’s sacred crystal, there should not be any other materials that can accomplish this."

Qin Shuang said: "Don’t you find it strange? "Such a sturdy object was actually damaged. Judging from the traces on it, it must have been broken by some kind of force."

One could tell at a glance that the crack on the ancient bronze gong was caused by a powerful force. Moreover, there were a few cracks on it, but they were all damaged by a powerful force.

"Could there be such a terrifying existence in Blood Wind Fire Sea?" Chen Xiang looked around worriedly. He knew that the strongest people here were World Defying holy dragon s.

"The World Defying holy dragon probably can’t even destroy this kind of ancient gong!" Qin Shuang looked at the ancient bronze gong carefully, caressing the lines on it, it seemed to be a very mysterious Spirit grain.

"Do you know these Spirit grain?" Chen Xiang asked, although Qin Shuang’s grandfather, Super Yang Old Ancestor, was an artificer, she was still relatively familiar with Spirit grain s and the like.

"I have some impression of him!" Qin Shuang tried his best to remember this, and furrowed his brows.

If Qin Shuang knew of these Spirit grain, then it meant that he was connected to the Super Yang Old Ancestor.

"Is it the Spirit grain that you are familiar with?" Chen Xiang asked again.

Qin Shuang shook his head: "I’ve only seen Spirit grain like you before .... Look, this Spirit grain is very rough. It looks like a big braid was carved on it.

Chen Xiang nodded: "Indeed!"

"Take a closer look, this very thick Spirit grain is interwoven with many smaller and smaller Spirit grain." Qin Shuang said: "It’s like a braid of hair, with a lot of braids. The thicker Spirit grain s on the bronze gong are basically of this type. "

"I have also seen this kind of Spirit grain before. My grandfather once owned a shield and there was this kind of Spirit grain on it. As for where he obtained this from, I’m not too sure." Qin Shuang said: "In short, the person who is able to refine this kind of divine tool is definitely very powerful. My grandfather had previously obtained that shield, and he was full of praise for it."

"Let Xiao Ke’er see, she has a deeper understanding of these things." Chen Xiang said.

Qin Shuang gave the ancient bronze gong to Chen Xiang, who placed it inside the You Yao Mountain Villa and gave it to him.

When Feng Ke’er received it, he immediately exclaimed: "What a profound Spirit grain, and it’s a type of Spirit grain that requires a test of construction."

"What is an alphabet test?" Chen Xiang asked curiously, upon hearing this, Qin Shuang also listened attentively, waiting for Feng Ke’er’s reply.

"It’s an countless number of tiny Spirit grain with a primary Spirit grain hovering around. This braided shaped Spirit grain has a female Spirit grain in the middle. If you don’t understand the Spirit grain, you won’t be able to see it." Feng Ke’er said, "And then, the other little Spirit grain would circle around the female Spirit grain. If they want to successfully engrave this kind of Spirit grain, it would need a very long time and mental energy to do so."

"It’s even being carved on such a sturdy material!"

Feng Ke’er took out her golden needles and tested them. He realized that her golden needles could not easily pierce into them, but she had used a lot of strength in the end and still managed to pierce through the bronze gong.

"The number of Tao-creation Holy stone that have joined should be very few." Feng Ke’er said: "But it’s already not bad, if not it would be impossible to stay in the Blood Wind Fire Sea for so long, and it would be very sturdy as well."

Feng Ke’er had spent a lot of energy to prick the golden needle in.

Let’s go back to the Bloody Wind Island first, to look for the World Defying holy dragon. Maybe he knows the origins of this thing. Chen Xiang said.

They hurried back, wanting to return to the Bloody Wind Island. Firstly, they had obtained the Tao-creation Holy stone, and secondly, they had found a very strange ancient bronze gong. When Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang got close to the Bloody Wind Island, they suddenly heard a lot of noise, and many people’s voices could be heard. This surprised them, there were actually so many people above the Bloody Wind Island.

"What’s going on? With so many people suddenly here, how did they get here? " Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to Qin Shuang. Right now, they were still hiding within the blood flames and had not yet entered the island.

Qin Shuang was as surprised as Chen Xiang as she shook her head.

"I don’t know. Anyways, let’s not go in yet. We need to figure out the background of the people inside." Qin Shuang said: "I wonder if the World Defying holy dragon has ever come back before!"

"I’ll go investigate!" Chen Xiang activated Counter Power, allowing himself to become invisible. Then, he stealthily walked past the Bloody Flame, and arrived on the island.

After walking up, he saw that the familiar face was also here, Zhu Qingneng!

Zhu Qingneng was an important clan elder of the Fierce Saber Race, and his son, Zhu Haiprofound, was killed by Chen Xiang.

"We can confirm that the Fierce Saber Race is here!" Chen Xiang said: "If the Fierce Saber Race knew, the Soul River Divine Race would definitely be here too. How did they get here?"

Chen Xiang retreated back into the flames of blood.

"How is it?" Qin Shuang saw that he was back and immediately asked.

"It should be the people from the Soul River Divine Race and the Soul River Divine Race. I wonder how they got here." Qin Shuang’s face became gloomy, all these fellows were his enemies, but they had chased all the way here.

"Let’s go find the World Defying holy dragon!" She took out the small piece of dragon’s scale. It was this scale that allowed them to find the World Defying holy dragon.

Just like last time, they used the brightness emitted from the dragon’s scale to determine the direction of the World Defying holy dragon, and then quickly ran towards it.

Two days later, they finally found the World Defying holy dragon. The World Defying holy dragon crawled on the blood and flames, no one knew what it was doing.

"Senior Saint Dragon!" Qin Shuang shouted lightly.

"It’s all of you!" The World Defying holy dragon immediately replied, but he was using his spiritual will to send a message. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"What’s going on with the Bloody Wind Island? Why are the Fierce Saber Race and the Soul River Divine Race’s guys up there!" Chen Xiang asked carefully. The World Defying holy dragon being so careful right now must be because it had something to worry about.

"I don’t know where they found an ancient Transmission array, which could teleport them to Bloody Wind Island." The World Defying holy dragon replied with a sound transmission: "The reason why I don’t dare to fly out right now is because I’m afraid that they’ll find me!"

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" Are they very strong? " Chen Xiang was a little surprised.

"Very strong, they came specifically for me. Now that my life essence has returned, the Fierce Saber Race on the ground is unable to deal with me, so they can only notify the experts who are cultivating in the World Defying Stage Soul River to come down." The World Defying holy dragon said: "If there are one or two I can deal with, but there are several of them, so I can only avoid them."