Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

There were many strong existences cultivating in the World Defying Stage Soul River, and they were the strongest existence in their race.

They were unable to come down personally because of some reason, and they had control over the life essence of the World Defying holy dragon, so they entrusted this matter to Zhu Qingneng and the others. However, they did not know that they had messed up this matter, and that two of the young geniuses had died, and even the life essence of the World Defying holy dragon had been lost.

That was why they had no choice but to personally come down and capture the World Defying holy dragon.

"Then what do we do now? Let them occupy Bloody Wind Island? " Chen Xiang was extremely unhappy. The Bloody Wind Island was the territory of the World Defying holy dragon, and the World Defying holy dragon had been there for a long time.

"Let’s see if they can withstand the blood flames now. If they can’t, they can’t stay here for too long either." The World Defying holy dragon said: "Anyway, the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal is in my hands, I just need to avoid them, and they will never be able to obtain my Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal."

"Senior Holy Dragon, how do you plan to use your Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal?" Qin Shuang asked.

"I plan to refine it into my claws." The World Defying holy dragon said: "When the time comes, I will turn into a human and my hands will turn into dragon claws to fight."

The World Defying holy dragon did not care about the Bloody Wind Island at all, it was fine as long as the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal was still with him.

"Oh right, take a look at this item. What is it made from?" Chen Xiang took out the ancient bronze gong from the You Yao Mountain Villa.

The ancient bronze gong looked very old and had many cracks on it. It was obvious that it had been damaged by a heavy blow from a force. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"It looks very ancient!" The World Defying holy dragon’s voice was full of surprise: "This thing is very sturdy!"

The World Defying holy dragon only needed to shoot out a thin ray of light from her pair of eyes to light up the bronze gong to see many things.

"Yes, we picked it up from the Blood Wind Fire Sea." Chen Xiang said: "There’s actually such a thing in this kind of place, who left it here? Was there a war here a long time ago? "

"Let me think..." The World Defying holy dragon said: "I have heard of a divine tool being refined that looks like bronze, making it look extremely ancient. This is a type of style, so I have a deep impression of it."

In short, he looks like a teenager, but I don’t know how long he has lived for. Back then, my master had him refine a divine artifact, and at that time, my master and Gu Tong had a huge argument about it, because when Gu Tong was refining, he had to refine it into a bronze style. " The World Defying holy dragon said: "I wonder if he left this ancient bronze gong here, or if he helped others refine it."

"This bronze gong has added a Tao-creation Holy stone!"

Chen Xiang nodded his head, "Senior Holy Dragon, do you know where he is?"

"I don’t know, only when I saw this bronze gong did I remember this person. I also want to find him now and get him to refine something for me using either the Tao-creation’s Holy stone or the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals. He is the one who can do it the best." The World Defying holy dragon said.

It was impossible for the flames to be weak. Therefore, people who could use the Tao-creation’s sacred crystals and the Tao-creation’s Holy stone to refine artifacts were all very powerful existences, and people like this would get the respect of many people wherever they went.

"I’ll go back to Bloody Wind Island to take a look, I’ll eavesdrop on them, what are they doing?" Chen Xiang asked: "Maybe they have another reason to come here?"

Chen Xiang had used Counter Power Invisibility just now and was not discovered, so he was not worried about being discovered.

"You have to be careful, those guys are very scary." "It was back then that my master was killed by World Defying Stage Soul River."

The master of the World Defying holy dragon was a very powerful existence, but they were all killed. One could see how powerful the master of the World Defying holy dragon was.

"I know. You don’t have to worry about that." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Senior Holy Dragon, I forgot to tell you guys, we have already found the Tao-creation’s Holy stone, one for each person." Qin Shuang said: "But right now, the Tao-creation Holy stone are not even connected to us, we need to do so in order to truly possess the Tao-creation Holy stone."

The World Defying holy dragon was very experienced in this area, because he had successfully conquered the even more powerful Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals.

"You really got the Tao-creation Holy stone?" The World Defying holy dragon that had been using sound transmission to communicate was so shocked that it almost let out a sound.

"It’s true!" Qin Shuang took out a light bead. This light bead was currently trembling nonstop, and it looked to be extremely violent.

"The Tao-creation Holy stone s are sealed inside, he’s always becoming more and more manic from time to time." Qin Shuang said.

"That’s right, this is indeed the aura of the Tao-creation’s Holy stone, your luck is really good." The World Defying holy dragon said: "Don’t worry, you will definitely get your hands on the Tao-creation’s Holy stone. Do as I say, and after a period of time, use your mental energy to attack this Tao-creation’s Holy stone. Over time, they will gradually get used to your mental attacks and eventually submit.

"That sounds pretty simple. How long does it usually take?" Chen Xiang asked.

"One or two months if it’s fast, two or three years if it’s slow." The World Defying holy dragon said: "In short, I can’t rush this matter, so I need to be patient. You guys found the Tao-creation’s Holy stone that quickly, there should be patience, right?"

The World Defying holy dragon suddenly started to suspect whether it was his real fate. After staying here for so long, he had only seen two Tao-creation s, but when Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang started searching for them, he already found two.

However, later on, when he thought about the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal, he felt that his life was still pretty good!

Chen Xiang and the others bade farewell to the World Defying holy dragon, and then headed to Bloody Wind Island.

"Do they really have another purpose?" Qin Shuang asked Chen Xiang: "I keep having the feeling that this would be more dangerous."

"Definitely!" Chen Xiang said softly: "For them to suddenly appear in Bloody Wind Island is already an extremely strange thing! Didn’t you hear Senior Holy Dragon just now? They came here via an ancient Transmission array. "

"So what?" Qin Shuang thought about it, and felt that it was nothing.

"This means that there’s a fellow who cares so much about the Blood Wind Fire Sea that he got a Transmission array to travel to this place!" Chen Xiang said: "You should be clear, it is not easy to create Transmission array here! Even though your grandfather left behind many ancient Transmission array s, so far, not many people have been able to create a new one. "

Qin Shuang was naturally very clear about the Transmission array: "That is mainly because the ancient laws of space have been lost, and very few people can grasp it now! However, even in my grandfather’s era, there were very few people who could grasp it. "