Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Feng Ke’er was a sealed spirit body so she knew about it very well. Right now, she already had a clue, as long as she had enough time, she would be able to find the source.

"It’s really a powerful array. The net that was used to absorb the energy was formed by Spirit grain." Feng Ke’er said: "You guys take me for a walk to some more places."

If Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang were to personally go find the Ancient Fire Divine Sect, they simply didn’t know where to start nor did they have any direction to go. On the other hand, since Feng Ke’er had made such a big discovery not long after he had started, they were naturally very willing to bring Feng Ke’er everywhere.

At this time, the Blood Wind Fire Sea had become very lively, because the experts of the Fierce Saber Race and the Soul River Divine Race were all inside.

"World Defying holy dragon should be easy to find. We have his dragon scales." An old man said. He held a dragon scale in his hand, which was currently emitting a weak glow. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

"World Defying holy dragon are still very strong, we should be careful when we meet them." Another middle-aged man warned.

"Why don’t we not go find the World Defying holy dragon? Even if we do find him, I’m afraid we won’t be able to make him surrender to us. Furthermore, it will take a lot of time." Someone said.

"Why don’t we split up and search? A portion of us will go find the Ancient Fire Divine Sect and a portion of us will go find the World Defying holy dragon."

"No, we must not separate. Right now, we still do not know what kind of dangers lurking in the Blood Wind Fire Sea, or whether it is safer to stay together, and you should not underestimate the strength of World Defying holy dragon. He has been hiding here for many years, and he is the strongest here."

Fierce Saber Race and the people from the Soul River Divine Race discussed for a while, and in the end, they decided to look for the Ancient Fire Divine Sect first. They thought that a long time had passed, the World Defying holy dragon must have already used the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal, and even if they could catch the World Defying holy dragon, he would not be able to get anything.

After everyone agreed, they started to move. Although they only had a little more than ten people, their overall strength was very strong, and they were all people who cultivated in the World Defying Stage Soul River year round, so the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul they fused with was the best.

"I have fused with the Spirit grain Berserk Battle Soul, I can feel the power released by the Spirit grain, if I go near the Ancient Fire Divine Sect, I think I can feel it, there must be many array formations protecting the Ancient Fire Divine Sect, the array formations and enchantments have Spirit grain, I will definitely be able to discover it." The one who spoke was a middle-aged man who was filled with confidence.

With him around, everyone felt more at ease. They didn’t have to worry about finding him after a long time.

... ....

On the other side, Chen Xiang and the others were also looking for the Ancient Fire Divine Sect. Their methods were somewhat similar to the middle-aged man in the Soul River Divine Race’s group.

"I’ve finally figured out the direction. Let’s go!" Feng Ke’er pointed in one direction and said, "Over there!"

After a few days of observation and careful analysis, Feng Ke’er finally discovered that the energy that the large invisible net was absorbing was moving towards somewhere.

Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang were both very excited, because they could very quickly find the Ancient Fire Divine Sect, especially Qin Shuang. She felt that the disappearance of her grandfather had a great deal to do with the Ancient Fire Divine Sect.

Although Feng Ke’er gave him a direction, after more than ten days had passed, Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang still did not discover anything.

"Why haven’t you arrived yet, Xiao Ke’er, did you recognize the wrong direction?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Definitely not, definitely not. I believe in my feelings." Feng Ke’er said with determination: "Blood Wind Fire Sea is very big, you guys must have some patience!"

Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang continued to follow the direction that Feng Ke’er pointed and ran.

After more than ten days, the dragon scales on Chen Xiang’s neck suddenly flickered.

"It’s the World Defying holy dragon!" Chen Xiang shouted: "Did the World Defying holy dragon find the Ancient Fire Divine Sect?"

Chen Xiang removed that small piece of dragon’s scale fragment, and then turned it around on the spot. Among the directions, one of them flashed the most eye-catching, but that was not the direction Feng Ke’er was pointing in.

"Maybe he found something!" Feng Ke’er said.

"Alright, we’ll go over first and take a look. Xiao Ke’er knows the direction of the source anyway." Qin Shuang said.

Chen Xiang let Feng Ke’er enter the You Yao Mountain Villa, then quickly rushed towards the World Defying holy dragon’s side with Qin Shuang.

Half a day later, they suddenly heard the roars of World Defying holy dragon, accompanied by waves of Qi.

"The World Defying holy dragon is fighting?" Chen Xiang said in shock.

"Probably not. It’s only the aura of a World Defying holy dragon." Qin Shuang said: "Maybe he encountered some danger."

After Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang went over, they saw that the World Defying holy dragon was trapped in a seal.

"You finally came. There are many such sealing traps in this area, so you should be careful." The World Defying holy dragon said: "You want to help me get out of this? Do you have any way to break this seal?"

Feng Ke’er was the most proficient at breaking seals, he was the most proficient at letting Feng Ke’er out.

"What an ancient seal!" Feng Ke’er frowned: "It’s going to be difficult, give me the Six Realms mirrors!"

Chen Xiang handed the Six Realms mirrors over to Feng Ke’er, and Feng Ke’er activated a few Spirit grain inside the Six Realms mirrors, allowing these Spirit grain to release a very strong power. The Spirit grain were like a wave of grass, constantly growing longer, and then spread out, surrounding the World Defying holy dragon in a circle.

"I am using a few Spirit grain to disrupt the power released by the seals. This way, I can weaken the seal." Feng Ke’er said.

Sure enough, the World Defying holy dragon struggled, reacted that the seal was weakening, and directly broke through the seal to fly out.

"Senior Sheng Long, we found some clues, but we are not sure if the Ancient Fire Divine Sect is there yet. Take us to take a look." Chen Xiang said.

After the arrogant teacher got out of the seal, he was extremely happy and immediately felt grateful to Feng Ke’er and was also very willing to bring them to the Ancient Fire Divine Sect.

With Feng Ke’er here, the World Defying holy dragon would be able to avoid many of the seals.

The World Defying holy dragon flew in the air and went in the direction Feng Ke’er indicated. Feng Ke’er could sense the source of the energy web in the air.

A few hours later, Feng Ke’er shouted, "It’s below!"

The World Defying holy dragon immediately flew down.

After landing on the Blood Wind Fire Sea, they came down from the back of the World Defying holy dragon. Looking around, there was nothing special about this place.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The World Defying holy dragon suddenly flew up and crashed into something. It was obviously an invisible barrier.

"It’s really here!" Chen Xiang said in surprise.

"A very strong barrier!" The World Defying holy dragon’s voice was stern: "It hurt so much!"

The blood and fire around them suddenly disappeared, and an extremely wide open area that was not covered by the blood and fire, appeared, surprising Chen Xiang and the rest.