Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

They were sure that there was a barrier here, but they were not sure if the Ancient Fire Divine Sect was here because they could not see anything.

"The blood fire suddenly spread out? "Why is that?" Chen Xiang looked around and then placed Feng Ke’er inside the You Yao Mountain Villa. He was worried that there would be danger.

Just as he sent Feng Ke’er into the You Yao Mountain Villa, more than ten figures appeared. They were from the Fierce Saber Race and the rest of the Soul River Divine Race!

"Qin Shuang, Chen Xiang, and the World Defying holy dragon!" Zhu Qingneng shouted in shock, he also followed along, although he was slightly weaker, but with help, he could still defend against the blood flames.

Zhu Qingneng never thought that Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang would actually have such a good relationship with the World Defying holy dragon. However, after thinking about it, his life force was stolen by Chen Xiang, so the World Defying holy dragon would definitely thank Chen Xiang.

"This is the person who killed us Zhu Haiprofound?" An old man from the Fierce Saber Race had a face full of killing intent.

"Yes, and he also has more than ten Crystal emperor s, all refined by the Super Yang Old Ancestor, of extremely high quality." Zhu Qingneng said again.

"So what?!" Chen Xiang sneered: "The Crystal emperor has nothing to do with you, do you want to snatch it away?"

"You killed the young genius of Soul River Divine Race, today you will pay with your life. If you can hand over the Crystal emperor, I can let you die a little faster." The middle-aged man from the Soul River Divine Race said coldly.

He Yancong was the son of the Soul River Divine Race’s Patriarch, so the middle-aged man in front of him could very well be Soul River Divine Race’s father.

"Don’t even think about touching them with me around." The World Defying holy dragon roared, releasing the powerful might of a dragon.

Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang immediately hid behind the World Defying holy dragon. They were very curious as to why the people of Soul River Divine Race and Fierce Saber Race would come to this place, and why they could actually find the source of the energy web.

Seeing that the battle was about to break out, the atmosphere was extremely depressing.

Suddenly, the earth trembled, and an illusory voice could be heard.

"Did you come here to settle some grudges, or to join the Ancient Fire Divine Sect?"

Hearing these words, Chen Xiang and the others were shocked, the Fierce Saber Race and the others who were about to take action also calmed down, and repeated what they had said.

"We can enter the Ancient Fire Divine Sect? Ancient Fire Divine Sect is still here? " Qin Shuang asked.

"Whether or not you can enter Ancient Fire Divine Sect will depend on whether or not you can pass our assessment. Ancient Fire Divine Sect has always been here." The voice replied: "The great door to the Ancient Fire Divine Sect is about to open. If you really want to enter the Ancient Fire Divine Sect and become its disciples, you can enter that great door."

Just a moment ago, the flames here had suddenly moved away, allowing an empty space to appear. This made people suspicious, they did not expect that this area was created by the Ancient Fire Divine Sect to receive people.

A door suddenly appeared in the empty space. The door was covered by red flames and was slowly opening.

"I will definitely settle this debt with you." An old man from the Fierce Saber Race snorted coldly, then quickly walked through the big door. The Ancient Fire Divine Sect was the place they had always wanted, and now that they had this opportunity, they would naturally not miss it.

"Should we go in?" Chen Xiang looked at Qin Shuang.

"Of course we are going in. Both you and I are training in fire, so this is our chance." Qin Shuang was also excited at this moment, because her grandfather was also a disciple of the Ancient Fire Divine Sect.

"Let’s go, Senior Holy Dragon!" Qin Shuang said to the World Defying holy dragon.

"I can go in too?" The World Defying holy dragon certainly yearned for the Ancient Fire Divine Sect, but he felt that he wasn’t human. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

"This door is so big, it’s all for the sake of letting you in." Chen Xiang laughed.

"That’s right, everything can be accepted into the Ancient Fire Divine Sect." The ethereal voice sounded again: "Don’t worry, when you become a disciple of the Ancient Fire Divine Sect, we will teach you how to transform into a human. You are originally a World Defying beast that was cultivated by humans, so you cannot transform into a human.

The World Defying holy dragon roared excitedly, and then very carefully flew into the large door. After the World Defying holy dragon went in, Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang also quickly walked in.

After entering the door, they seemed to have arrived in another world, and appeared in a place with many buildings and beautiful scenery. In front of them was a stone mountain, and on the stone mountain were written four big words, "Ancient Fire Divine Sect".

"There are a lot of disciples in Ancient Fire Divine Sect!" Chen Xiang exclaimed when he saw the many buildings here.

"All of your strengths are different, so we can’t be together for now." An old man suddenly appeared and said to Chen Xiang and the rest.

Chen Xiang also saw Soul River Divine Race and the rest. Being in the same sect as these people made Chen Xiang feel extremely displeased.

"With the cultivation level of Aoshi Holy Stage, you can directly become inner sect disciples. You can go to the inner sect right now." The old man pointed at a tall mountain in the distance. "It’s behind that mountain."

After the World Defying holy dragon and Chen Xiang said their goodbyes, they flew over. The people of Soul River Divine Race and Fierce Saber Race glared fiercely at Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang, and then ran over as well.

"You are from the World Defying crazy realm. For the time being, you are in the outer sect. Once you can enter the Aoshi Holy Stage, you will also be an inner sect disciple." The old man said, "Oh right, the outer sect’s environment is not too good. You all must be careful ... Yes, and there’s also a place that the woman went to that isn’t with the male disciples. "

The old man pointed to another mountain: "Over there ... After you guys arrive, if you are certain that you want to become Ancient Fire Divine Sect’s disciples, then do as they say, and do so in accordance to their own standards. "

"Senior, didn’t you say that there would be an examination?" Chen Xiang asked curiously. He had been looking forward to it.

"The only reason you can come here is to pass the examination! Our Ancient Fire Divine Sect is already very hard to find, you will need a lot of luck to be able to find the Ancient Fire Divine Sect, this proves that you are destined to be able to do so. " The old man laughed: "Don’t worry, although our Ancient Fire Divine Sect is very competitive, it can make you stronger. You are all very good seedlings."

Qin Shuang was somewhat reluctant to part with Chen Xiang, so he headed towards the mountain top where the female disciples were located, while Chen Xiang was the place he should head to.

"This Ancient Fire Divine Sect looks pretty casual!" Chen Xiang walked along the road slowly and looked at the scenery around him. "Can this kind of place really nurture a strong Ranker like Gu Tong?"

This was because he became an outer sect disciple out of the blue, making him feel like he could join any single one of them.

"Who cares? In any case, you are safe now. You should focus on your cultivation and wait for you to become stronger. Then, you can go and find those guys to settle the score." Feng Ke’er said.

Chen Xiang looked at the building on the mountain in front of him, which was the place he needed to go. He had many reasons to enter the Ancient Fire Divine Sect, strengthen his own flames, and then find Gu Tong and ask her to help him forge equipment.

He felt that a sect like the Ancient Fire Divine Sect that used flames would definitely have capable alchemists. Searching for a stronger Alchemist was also a big goal for him.