Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had seen many sects, but at this time, he came to the outer sect of the Ancient Fire Divine Sect. He quickly saw that the Ancient Fire Divine Sect’s method of disciple selection was through competition, which was a method many sects often use. "..."

The person who accepted Chen Xiang was a short middle-aged man who was only at the early stage of the World Defying crazy realm. His strength was far inferior to Chen Xiang’s, so he was respectful to him.

Du Gang had invited many people into the outer sect before, but it was not common for young people like Chen Xiang to have appearances. The last time he had welcomed a young person was many years ago, and Chen Xiang’s strength was even stronger than his.

"Du Gang, there are so many people in Ancient Fire Divine Sect!" Chen Xiang said: "It’s like entering a small city."

"After so many years, many outer sect disciples were unable to enter the inner sect, so they have no place to go. After that, they began to have children here, and as time passed, more and more people came! For outsiders like you, you don’t even need to pass the exam to directly enter the inner court. For those who grew up here, they need to undergo a harsh examination. " Du Gang said: "It’s not expensive. Most of the people here are outer sect disciples, anyway there is nothing bad about letting them stay here."

Du Gang brought Chen Xiang into a villa where the outer sect was located, and was arranged to stay at a courtyard on top of a small mountain peak.

"Am I alone?" Chen Xiang felt very cold. "Can’t you arrange for me to go with the others?"

Du Gang shook his head: "For the time being, I can’t because the higher ups are worried that you two will start to clash again. This sort of thing happens frequently in the past, and because those who can pass the examination and enter the Ancient Fire Divine Sect, more or less have some pride, that’s why there would be conflicts." ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Chen Xiang nodded.

"Oh right, Chen Xiang, once the bell rings tomorrow morning, you will go to the place where the bell sounds and collect your pills!" Du Gang said, "Outer disciples can receive cultivation resources every other month."

"That’s good!" Chen Xiang didn’t expect this, as he thought that the outer sect disciples were only going to perish on their own.

"Then I hope you can obtain Ancient fire madness soon!" Du Gang laughed, he could tell that Chen Xiang was a very promising person, after all, he had invited many people here before, and he could more or less guess what kind of person it was. Chen Xiang’s temper was very good, and left a good impression on him.

"What is the Ancient fire madness?" Chen Xiang knew that this thing was definitely very powerful, but he didn’t understand it.

"This is the highest reward outside!" Even something that many inner court disciples were extremely envious of ... No one has ever obtained a Ancient fire madness before. The Ancient fire madness has always been in the Ancient Fire Forbidden Land, and although there are people who want to retrieve it, in the end, they can only return half crippled. " Du Gang said: "It is indeed dangerous, but I think it is possible for you to obtain it. Of course, don’t force yourself, because if you mess up, you might even suffer serious injuries."

"Is there anything powerful about the Ancient fire madness?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I don’t know about the strong parts, because I don’t have any." Du Gang chuckled: "But I can tell you one thing. Guys like Gu Tong and Old Sun are all people who have obtained Ancient fire madness."

Chen Xiang had heard of these two people before, so it turned out that they both had a common ground, and had acquired that whatever Ancient fire madness before.

After Du Gang left, Chen Xiang sat on his bed to rest. It wasn’t until the morning of the second day that the bell rang, only then did he get up, and walk towards the direction of the sound of the bell.

There were a few hundred of them, and with just a glance, he could see that they were all middle and late stage World Defying crazy realm disciples. Most of them were middle-aged, and the rest were elderly.

A man like him, who looked very young, was the youngest. He had only seen more than twenty of them, and they all had overweeningly arrogant expressions on their faces.

After Chen Xiang arrived, many people looked at him, because he was a stranger to everyone. There were also people here who knew that he had just entered the Ancient Fire Divine Sect, and that he had come from the outside.

"This guy is really lucky to be able to find the Ancient Fire Divine Sect from the outside. I don’t need to take the examination this way!"

"No wonder he looks so young. So it turns out that it’s because of luck that he was able to become an outer disciple."

"Let’s see how far he can go. His face is pretty good. He must be just some sort of a playboy."

"This guy looks easy to bully, those little overlords are going to suffer a lot now."

When Chen Xiang heard the discussions of the crowd, he felt displeased. No matter how low their voices were, with everyone’s strength, everyone could hear them. It was obvious that they had said it on purpose for him to hear them.

At this time, he also knew what this group of people referred to as "little overlords", namely those disciples who had young faces. Because they did indeed have a certain amount of strength, they were able to become strong in a short amount of time, and pass the examination to become an outer disciple of the Ancient Fire Divine Sect.

Chen Xiang honestly went to queue up ...

"Chen Xiang, right?!" The person who distributed the medicinal pellets shouted, and matched his name. When he came in, Du Gang had helped him register it.

"Yes sir!" Chen Xiang nodded.

That person gave him a pill.

Although he did not recognize what pill it was, from its aura, it was a high-grade Primordial Pill. Then, there was a small box of faint golden powder, which he guessed to be the healing powder used to apply to wounds.

"This bottle of pills is not bad, it seems like it can be used to increase the strength of the body, similar to the Myriad Tao Divine Soil pills, but different. Overall, it is much better than my high quality Myriad Tao pills.

As a Alchemist, he was very happy to see such a good pill. There were a total of ten pills in the jade bottle, and on the outside, the word "Soul body madness Dan" was written.

"Soul body madness Dan? That is to say, you can allow people to cultivate and produce a body that can hold the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul? " Chen Xiang felt that this was extremely interesting, he wanted to know what kind of ingredients were used to refine this pill.

He could not wait to return to his own residence and taste a Soul body madness Dan!

"Wait!" Just as Chen Xiang was about to walk out of the plaza, he was suddenly stopped by a man dressed in white who had an arrogant expression.

Chen Xiang only furrowed his brows, and then, he wanted to avoid this man.

"I told you not to move!" The white clothed man bellowed, and with a fiendish look, he opened his arms, blocking Chen Xiang’s way.

"What is it?" Chen Xiang’s expression was calm as he asked.

"I like your bottle of Soul body madness Dan. Sell it to me." The white clothed man said: "If I, Huang Longsheng, want something, you will have to sell it even if you don’t want to!"

Chen Xiang saw that the spectators were all gloating as if they were watching a good show. Chen Xiang knew that private duels were allowed in the outer sect, because the few old men who gave out the pills were still in the plaza. If they didn’t see it, it would be equivalent to tacit acknowledgement.