Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

"I’m not selling!" Chen Xiang coldly spat out three words. Read the full text of the latest chapter ()

Right after he finished speaking, a blue light exploded out in front of his eyes. Huang Longsheng had actually made his move, his fist was covered in blue flames and the flames flickered with blue lightning.

Chen Xiang also only saw a blue light before he felt his nose get heavily punched, and his entire body flew out.

He had never expected that his opponent would be so decisive and fast. His opponent was also very strong, and the power that he felt just now had allowed him to sense a trace of the presence of a Aoshi Holy Stage.

It was very obvious that Huang Longsheng was a person of the Peak of World Defying crazy realm, and would step into the Aoshi Holy Stage soon.

Even though Chen Xiang was sent flying, he was able to steadily land on the ground. However, the other party had already appeared behind him without him knowing, and casually punched him in the back.

In that instant, Chen Xiang only felt an extremely berserk force charge over, the fist did not touch his back, but the force that was rushing over had already entered into his body, causing him endless pain.

Fortunately, he was prepared this time. No matter how painful it was, he could still hastily dodge!

"You overestimating yourself, you actually dare to put on airs at me!" Huang Longsheng’s strength was extremely frightening. After Chen Xiang dodged the kick, he immediately flew over and kicked Chen Xiang’s face, sending him flying out.

Chen Xiang’s face was burning in pain, the power had drilled into his head, giving him a headache.

Huang Longsheng’s consecutive attacks had caused Chen Xiang to be unable to react at all. It was simply too fast, and too fierce. He now understood just how powerful the disciples in the Ancient Fire Divine Sect were.

Chen Xiang crawled on the ground as the Six beasts in the Divine Sense Sea were all roaring. They all wished that they could immediately release a force to help Chen Xiang.

Huang Longsheng’s hands and feet shone with a blue light as he concentrated the blue colored power of the fire and lightning. The aura was extremely tyrannical and was much stronger than before.

"Enough!" An old man shouted from afar. This was the old man who released the pill just now. He had seen this too often.

That old man really couldn’t stand to watch, because Chen Xiang had just entered the outer sect and was crippled like that. That was truly a pity.

"I’ll let you off this time. You won’t be so lucky next time." Huang Longsheng snorted, the old man from the outer sect had spoken, he did not dare to continue, or else he would be punished.

Chen Xiang slowly crawled back up, and wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth. At this time, his face was bruised and swollen, but a power was boiling inside his body.

"Go back quickly!" Du Gang anxiously sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang: "Huang Longsheng is such a guy, the other people’s luck are not as good as yours, most of them were crippled by Huang Longsheng, you just came in, you should be careful, giving him a bottle of pills is fine, in any case, you can have a bottle every month."

Chen Xiang did not say anything, he had already suppressed his anger, and only released it from the Divine Sense Sea.

"This guy is really courting death, he actually dares to speak to Huang Longsheng in such a manner."

Hehe, I just came in, I wonder how powerful Huang Longsheng is!

"Huang Longsheng is indeed worthy of being one of the ten great outer court disciples. He has a young appearance and strong overbearing strength."

"Ten little overlords... That new guy offended one of the little overlords, so our future days will not be so good. "

"We must avenge this enmity!" Chen Xiang’s expression was cold, he endured the pain in his body and quickly returned to his own residence.

When he got back, he lay on his back and thought about what had happened.

"It was very dangerous just now. If this continues, I’ll expose my World Defying beast." Chen Xiang did not know the consequences of exposing his World Defying beast here, but he did not want others to know that he had the powerful arrogant Six beasts.

If he released the power of a Red fire dragon coupled with the Six Realms mirrors, when he used his full strength, even if he was unable to defeat Huang Longsheng, the latter would not dare to underestimate him.

However, he did not want to reveal the strength of the Red fire dragon! L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Lili, Hua Hua, I’ll be troubling you for a while!"

After Chen Xiang absorbed the power of rebirth from the Mei Jing Sisters and the others, his body was more or less recovered.

If he wanted to obtain power quickly, he could only do so by consuming a high quality Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pill. He had to enter the You Yao Mountain Villa to use the Time Domain.

Ten days outside, the time inside the Time Domain is three hundred months, which is approximately twenty-five years! After that, in the remaining twenty days, I will search for the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, and try to teach Huang Longsheng a lesson when we get the pills next month. "

Although Chen Xiang was anxious for revenge, he knew that he shouldn’t rush it. Raising his strength was more important.

Jiang Lisi and Jiang Sihua, the two Young girl Danling s, had condensed a Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pellet that was still very useful to him, allowing him to eat the Peak of World Defying crazy realm.

That was why as long as he ate enough, his physical body would continue to grow stronger. When he was in the World Defying crazy realm, his physical body would need to be even more powerful in order to be able to go to the World Defying Stage Soul River and search for the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul to fuse with.

Just as Chen Xiang had predicted, within ten days or so, his body had reached its peak state, and he could fuse with the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul.

Following that, he continued to eat Huakuan Dan s, allowing his mind to travel to World Defying Stage Soul River!

"The fourth floor’s World Defying Stage Soul River is actually like this!" Chen Xiang had finally reached the fourth floor, the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul was not as dense as the first two floors, there were only a few spots that he could see.

He controlled his mind and went over to the spots of light, searching them one by one. Although these World Defying Stage Fierce Soul were all very strong, they were not enough to satisfy him.

Eighteen days passed by and Chen Xiang was extremely anxious. If he could find a satisfactory World Defying Stage Fierce Soul right now, then when he went to retrieve the medicinal pellets in two days, he would be able to take revenge against Huang Longsheng!

"What is this?" Chen Xiang’s attention was still on the World Defying Stage Soul River of the fourth floor, when he suddenly saw a translucent object flying over, which looked like a ball of water.

The moment he discovered this thing, his spirit was sucked in, and he then mysteriously fused with it.

"What the hell is this? Enter my Divine Sense Sea!" Chen Xiang’s consciousness had only just touched that mass of thing, then it immediately shifted from the World Defying Stage Soul River to his own Divine Sense Sea, and quickly merged with him.

After fusing with him, with a loud bang, the World Defying Stage Fierce Power in the Divine Sense Sea began to boil unceasingly. Because he had the third World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, his World Defying Stage Fierce Power evolved, and during the boiling process, it continuously became stronger, as if it was transforming.

Sensing the strong power, Chen Xiang was immediately filled with confidence!

Our Address