Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

"In two days, I’ll be able to receive my pills. I have to admit, that bottle of Soul body madness Dan is very good, but one pellet is equivalent to the effect of three Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pills. Ten pellets a month is already very generous. "When Chen Xiang ate before, he was full of praise.

To be able to distribute such a good pill for free, it was clear that the Ancient Fire Divine Sect did not lack this kind of pill.

"Is the reason why Huang Longsheng could become so powerful all because of the Soul body madness Dan?" Chen Xiang felt that it must be so, because there were only ten of them every month. If he wanted to become stronger faster, he could only do so by stealing from them, but the Ancient Fire Divine Sect did not care about this kind of things.

He guessed that Huang Longsheng used a few methods to get some weaker people to hand over a portion of the Soul body madness Dan to him when she distributed the pills. In this way, she could have a lot of Soul body madness Dan every month.

"Huang Longsheng, just you wait!"

Chen Xiang had to rest well and adjust his condition in the next two days.

"Chen Xiang!" Du Gang knocked on Chen Xiang’s door.

Du Gang was a good person, he had a very good impression of Du Gang, so he quickly went to open the door.

"What is it?" Chen Xiang let Du Gang in.

"I’ll be going to collect some pills in two days." These days, Du Gang had knocked on the door a few times, but when he was in closed door cultivation, he did not hear anything.

"I know." Chen Xiang kept this time in mind.

"I’m really sorry for what happened last time. I forgot to remind you." Du Gang felt extremely guilty: "If I told you about the things you need to take note of when collecting the pills, you wouldn’t have provoked Huang Longsheng."

"What does this have to do with you?" Chen Xiang laughed: "It’s fine, this is none of your business. It’s all because of this brat Huang Longsheng that is such a bully. "Read the full text of the latest chapter ()"

I should remind you, if a little tyrant comes to you to buy pills, you should give him at least two pills so that he won’t make things difficult for you. In the future, give him two pills every month when you receive the pills. Du Gang sighed: "I thought ... I thought you knew all this. "

This was just as Chen Xiang had guessed.

"If you give Huang Longsheng the Soul body madness Dan, the other small overlords will no longer look for trouble with you. If the other small overlords come and look for you, you tell Huang Longsheng and Huang Longsheng will look for them to settle the score. Du Gang said, "So... The next time you receive a Soul body madness Dan, the best thing to do is apologize to Huang Longsheng and give him a bottle of Soul body madness Dan. There will be a lot of time in the future anyway and there will be Soul body madness Dan every month. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"Thanks for the reminder, I got it." Chen Xiang said.

"That’s good!" Du Gang laughed, he was relieved, he did not wish to see Chen Xiang being crippled by Du Gang.

Chen Xiang sent Du Gang away, and became even more determined. He must defeat Du Gang, as he was a person who would never lower his head to a bully, and he must eliminate this kind of bully.

"What exactly is the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul that I have just fused with?" Chen Xiang looked at the ball of liquid that looked like it twisted in his Divine Sense Sea: "This thing immediately returned to my Divine Sense Sea from the World Defying Stage Soul River, and it looked like it teleported. Could this be a World Defying Stage Fierce Soul related to the power of space?"

Chen Xiang had always been training his spatial energy previously, but since he had come here, he was unable to grasp the spatial laws here. He also did not know how to grasp it, so he could not use this energy again.

"For the time being, I don’t understand." Chen Xiang wanted to activate the power of the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, but he was unable to.

He closed his eyes and controlled his arrogant dragon soul, allowing the Red fire dragon to appear within the Divine Sense Sea. Because during battle, he needed to use the Red fire dragon’s power, so as long as he did not release the Red fire dragon, no one would discover that he had a World Defying beast.

Even if he knew that he possessed the arrogant dragon soul, he would still be fine, because others could not snatch it away.

Soon, it was the day to receive the medicinal pellets. The first people to receive the pellets were those young tyrants. They were strong, strong, and extremely arrogant. The people here were all afraid of them, so they did not dare to be ahead of them.

When Chen Xiang arrived, many people were paying attention to him, because last time he was beaten up by Huang Longsheng, he seemed to be recovering well. Everyone thought that Chen Xiang should already know the rules here, so they thought that Chen Xiang would definitely hand over many Soul body madness Dan to Huang Longsheng.

Huang Longsheng was with a few of his henchmen, watching Chen Xiang receive the pellets with a cold smile on his face.

After Chen Xiang received the pellet, he was only concerned with walking out of the plaza. This shocked many people, and Du Gang even more so sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang, telling him to quickly hand the Soul body madness Dan over to Huang Longsheng.

The old man who gave out the medicinal pellets also shook his head. He thought that Chen Xiang would be enlightened this time, since getting on good terms with the little overlord here could reduce a lot of trouble in the future. However, Chen Xiang did not do that.

Huang Longsheng saw that Chen Xiang was not walking towards him, and immediately rushed forward in a rage, stopping Chen Xiang once again.

"Kid, do you think I didn’t have enough fun last time?" Huang Longsheng said in a cold voice, "If you know what’s good for you..."

Chen Xiang squinted his eyes, retreated two steps, and laughed coldly: "If you know what’s good for you, then hand the Soul body madness Dan in your hands over to me obediently!"

When everyone heard this, they were all stunned!

When Chen Xiang said this, he was simply worried that Huang Longsheng’s attacks wouldn’t be strong enough.

Huang Longsheng’s face sank and his body trembled slightly. At this moment, everyone was watching with rapt attention, and the little tyrants in the distance also found it very interesting. Someone was actually trying to snatch Huang Longsheng’s Soul body madness Dan s.

"You ... Say that again! " Huang Longsheng’s voice trembled, like a furious tiger’s roar, his eyes flashed with anger, and blue flames spewed out of his body.

The Red fire dragon in Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea suddenly roared and released a tyrannical power of a wild dragon. It erupted from the Divine Sense Sea and rushed towards Chen Xiang’s body.

Chen Xiang didn’t say it again, but directly punched!

His speed of his punch was much faster than Huang Longsheng’s. Basically, no one could see the trajectory of his punch, but they could see his arm shake a little, and a faint flame appeared. Then, they saw his fist turn into a flaming dragon head, flashing with flames as it charged forward like a blazing sun ...

With a roar from the dragon head, Chen Xiang’s fist fiercely smashed into Huang Longsheng’s nose. After a burst of gorgeous sparks exploded, a shockwave engulfed the entire plaza.

’s nose had already been completely disfigured after being punched by Chen Xiang with all of his strength. His eyes, nose and mouth were all gone, and only had a large hole left in the air.

"Don’t you understand what they’re saying? I can only tell you with my fists. That way, you’ll understand. " Chen Xiang’s cold voice carried a bit of power, causing the dazed crowd to tremble.

Huang Longsheng laid on the ground, motionless, and could tell that his injuries were severe, immediately fainting.

Chen Xiang walked out of the plaza, and passed by Huang Longsheng without even looking at him!

Our Address