Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The old man was surprised that Chen Xiang suddenly asked for his name, but he still answered. Read the latest chapter in this book. More recent chapter access: w.

"Huang Ziyun, what’s wrong? Are you thinking of taking revenge in the future? " Huang Ziyun laughed heartily: "Stop dreaming, I am an outer sect’s Punishment Elder. Even if you were to come out from there, you would not take revenge on me, unless you decide to make the entire Ancient Fire Divine Sect your enemy."

"If I can get rid of you, so what if I become enemies with the Ancient Fire Divine Sect?" Chen Xiang sneered: "Old bastard, just you wait, when the time comes I’ll see how pleased you are with yourself."

Chen Xiang was escorted away, he was escorted out on the road, and was seen by many outer sect disciples, they had all known of this matter before, Huang Longsheng was heavily injured by Chen Xiang, the Punishment Elder was enraged, and rushed over, because Chen Xiang was hiding inside the secret room, and the Punishment Elder found it difficult to break open the door, thus they waited for Chen Xiang outside.

Only now did the Sentencing Elder manage to catch Chen Xiang.

"I heard that Huang Longsheng is the grandson of the Sentencing Elder!" A person said.

"It should be, the Sentencing Elder is the strongest in the outer sect, Chen Xiang is truly unlucky, if he were to kill the other little overlords, it wouldn’t be much, but Huang Longsheng ..."

Chen Xiang scolded in his heart. Huang Longsheng actually had such a relationship with him, and even Du Gang, who had been here for many years, did not know about this matter. It was clear that Huang Ziyun had deliberately made Huang Longsheng hide this from him, and then from secretly protecting Huang Longsheng, no one would gossip about it.

Chen Xiang was escorted to a blood-red small mountain. This mountain was burning with red flames, and from afar, it looked as if he was being enveloped by many evil red Evil Soul s. The red flames danced strangely, and from afar, it looked terrifying.

On the way, there were many people who had good intentions behind them, because they wanted to see what kind of outcome Chen Xiang would suffer. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

"Isn’t this Soul Swallowing Mountain? Don’t tell me you want to seal Chen Xiang inside! "

"It’s over, Chen Xiang is completely finished."

Seeing Chen Xiang being escorted to Soul Swallowing Mountain, Du Gang shouted in despair.

If it was a normal seal, Chen Xiang would still have a large chance of winning, since he is a young man with good talent. If the fellows from the inner sect are interested, they would definitely come to check on him, but after being sealed in this Soul Swallowing Mountain, the powerful World Defying Stage Fierce Soul in his body will be devoured in a few days, so his talent is useless. " One of them patted Du Gang’s shoulders, "Let’s go!"

Before Chen Xiang was pushed into the Soul Swallowing Mountain, he had heard everyone’s fearful discussions. After knowing how terrifying the Soul Swallowing Mountain was, he was also extremely frightened, and was worried that his powerful World Defying Stage Fierce Soul would be devoured.

Not only were Berserk Sword Souls and Raging Dragon Souls rare, they were also very powerful. If they were to be devoured, he did not know what to do either.

Chen Xiang, full of helplessness and anger, was forced into that cave. After one stone door was closed, and the seal was opened, he was sealed within this Soul Swallowing Mountain.

The inside of the cave was blazing red, Chen Xiang took out his Six Realms mirrors and released a protective shield to block the hot air that was invading his body.

Although Six Realms mirrors could release a very strong barrier, the power of this barrier was unable to block the hot air from entering the body.

After that bizarre heat wave entered his body, it immediately rushed into his Divine Sense Sea. Then, as if he knew where the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul was, he went to look for it.

"Is it over?" Chen Xiang felt the hot air continuously approaching his World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, using all his strength to resist, but it did not succeed. The strange hot air was simply unable to stop it, and any kind of power was pierced through like thin paper in front of him.

Seeing that heat wave about to envelope his three World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, Chen Xiang felt despair in his heart.

Just when he thought that he was about to be done for, his third mysterious World Defying Stage Fierce Soul suddenly trembled and released waves of transparent waves. The waves looked like waves rippling in the air, as though space was being distorted.

When the weird heat wave pounced over, it turned red, but it was now distorted by the power released by the mysterious World Defying Stage Fierce Soul.

The fiery red heat wave twisted under the waves of energy and gradually disappeared.

And at this time, there was an unceasing flow of fiery red steam entering Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea.

Chen Xiang, who was originally a little surprised, started to worry. He did not know how long his mysterious third World Defying Stage Fierce Soul could last.

"Just what kind of power does the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul possess? To think that it would be able to resist such a terrifying devouring force. " Chen Xiang was even more curious now. Originally, he had mysteriously fused with this World Defying Stage Fierce Soul which was bizarre enough, but now that such a strange phenomenon had appeared, he felt it to be inconceivable.

The Third World Defying Stage Fierce Soul continued to vibrate, and twisted the approaching fiery red hot air. Chen Xiang carefully observed the twisted hot air, and discovered that the hot air was absorbed and refined, until it was finally swallowed by the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul.

"Is this guy too hungry?" That is why I am unable to unleash my true strength? " Chen Xiang carefully observed the mysterious Third World Defying Stage Fierce Soul for more than an hour. He felt like an evil spirit that was continuously devouring the hot air that entered his Divine Sense Sea.

"Anyway, I’m safe now." After Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief, he stood up and looked around him, the place was filled with the strange red flames, the heat emitted by the flames could devour a human’s soul, the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, he was almost engulfed just now, it was fortunate that his World Defying Stage Fierce Soul had this special energy, allowing him to escape from danger.

"What exactly is going on with this mountain? It can actually release this kind of power. " Chen Xiang was extremely curious about this kind of mountain. According to his experience, the reason this mountain could release this kind of power was definitely because of some kind of energy source.

"I want to have a good look at what’s here!" Chen Xiang was not in a hurry to break the seal. After all, he had just entered the cave not too long ago.

He carefully observed the cave. It was surrounded by flat stone walls.

"These stone walls were built on them!" Chen Xiang touched the stone wall that was spewing red flames, but only felt a bit of heat.

This mountain was very shallow. After he entered, he found himself in a very small stone room. The walls were neat and orderly, and there were flames coming out of them. There was nothing special about it at first glance.

However, after he observed carefully, he discovered that there was a small piece of rock that was pure red in color. The other bricks were not red in color, they were just emitting red flames.

"What is this?" He walked over and knocked on that small red brick. Surprisingly, it was extremely cold.

"Could it be a gap?" Chen Xiang brought his eyes closer to the room and then used the Dao heart Eye to look inside. Through this red stone tile, he saw a lump of golden thing at the bottom of the ground, right in the middle of the stone room inside the mountain cave, separated by a thick layer of brick.