Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, Qin Shuang was very worried about Chen Xiang, but there was nothing wrong with Chen Xiang in the Soul Swallowing Mountain. He felt that it was actually very safe here, and he had already told Feng Ke’er to go and check the seal here. → Top → → →,

"How is it? Do you understand what that ball of fire is? " Chen Xiang asked, giving Feng Ke’er a ball of flame that was extracted from beneath the Soul Swallowing Mountain.

"Not at the moment, but right now I’m certain that it’s a World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, and one of a very high quality one at that. If I want to completely understand that World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, then I can only find out after I fuse it." Feng Ke’er said.

"I can’t merge with it right now!" Chen Xiang was currently consuming the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pellet to cultivate, strengthening his own body so that he could integrate with the Fourth World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, and find out what kind of World Defying Stage Fierce Soul it was.

"In short, the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul is not simple, you have to quickly fuse it, I’m worried that the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul will escape." Feng Ke’er said worriedly: "I’ll see if there’s any way to seal it."

When Feng Ke’er researched it, she discovered that the ball of fire like thing was struggling, and would dissipate, making it extremely intelligent. Feng Ke’er’s current cultivation was not strong enough, so she could not fuse with the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul.

Inside the Time Domain, Chen Xiang was eating the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pellets refined by the two Young girl Danling, quickly strengthening his own body.

While he was cultivating, unknowingly, time passed very quickly. Chen Xiang already felt that his body had reached the peak of this realm, and he could fuse with that mysterious World Defying Stage Fierce Soul.

"Is there really no problem with the unclear World Defying Stage Fierce Soul?" Chen Xiang was a little worried, the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul he fused with previously was also unclear, but luckily there wasn’t any big problems and it had even given him a huge help to resist the soul devouring power released by the Soul Swallowing Mountain. Otherwise, he wouldn’t know what to do this time.

"Definitely no problem." Feng Ke’er said: "After so many days of research, this World Defying Stage Fierce Soul is extremely powerful. As long as you succeed in fusing it, you will definitely be able to feel the power this World Defying Stage Fierce Soul has brought you."

"Alright!" Chen Xiang could only give it a try. He had been training so hard these past few days, wasn’t it to fuse with the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul?

He took a deep breath and allowed his mind to be immersed in the Divine Sense Sea, searching for the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul.

Very quickly, he wrapped the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul with his mind. As he did so, the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul gradually fused with his Divine Sense Sea.

"What a terrifying flame aura. This World Defying Stage Fierce Soul has something to do with fire." Only after they had just merged, Chen Xiang could already feel a scorching aura enveloping his Divine Sense Sea.

"I feel it too." Feng Ke’er was right inside the You Yao Mountain Villa, so she could feel it, "I need to quickly cultivate up there, I want to absorb this World Defying Stage Fierce Soul."

Feng Ke’er was obviously very excited, because she felt that this would allow her to release even more powerful Sun madness fire s, making it even easier for her to refine as she required a very strong flame to melt those very stubborn materials.

"What exactly is this World Defying Stage Fierce Soul?" Chen Xiang did not know what it was, but now he could feel that the benefit that the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul had brought him was that it could make his Sun madness fire become stronger. He felt that he could melt the Crystal emperor now, and before this, he would need the help of the Spirit of Divine Alter to succeed.

After completely fusing with this mysterious World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, that sudden surge of powerful energy flooded his Divine Sense Sea, causing his World Defying Stage Fierce Power to become even more powerful, and even bring with it a strong aura of flames.

"Now I am the Peak of World Defying crazy realm!" Chen Xiang had already fused four World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s. The Berserk Sword Soul and the Berserk Dragon Soul, these were things he knew of, but he did not know what the other two World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s were. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

"The third World Defying Stage Fierce Soul does not need to be fused with anything else, nor does it need to be refined." After Chen Xiang’s Berserker Sword Soul was refined by him, it fused with the Heavenly magic sword, and the Berserk Dragon Soul fused with the World Defying Green dragon.

The two mysterious World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s did not merge, but they were able to change his powers.

For example, the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul he had just fused with could already cause him to release a very strong flame.

"Looks like the fourth World Defying Stage Fierce Soul has fused with my own." When Chen Xiang used the World Defying Stage Fierce Power, it carried an extremely strong aura of flame.

"If that’s the case, then the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul should be the Blazing Flame Madness soul." Feng Ke’er said: "Right now, there is only the third World Defying Stage Fierce Soul that I have yet to understand."

"I suspect that it is the spatial World Defying Stage Fierce Soul." Chen Xiang said: "No matter how I look at it, it seems very similar. Let me try!"

Chen Xiang had been extremely familiar with the use of spatial energy for many years. If it really was the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, then he could release the spatial energy once he activated it.

"The power of this World Defying Stage Fierce Soul is very difficult for me to use. It can only be used at a very high consumption rate, and its quality is also very high." Chen Xiang suddenly instigated the World Defying Stage Fierce Power in his entire body, allowing this wave of World Defying Stage Fierce Power to rush into the mysterious World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, attacking and producing an invisible force.

"This... It really is the power of space! " Chen Xiang was overjoyed, and then he tried it. Indeed, it could retrieve an item from the air, even if the energy consumption was too huge, he couldn’t teleport, and could only get a few meters away from it.

"I’ve gained new control over the power of space!"

Although the power of space was currently very weak, it still made Chen Xiang excited.

"Right now, I have to go find the Half-ghost Old Man." Just like Qin Shuang, Chen Xiang was currently stuck at a bottleneck that was very difficult to break through.

Breaking through this bottleneck was not easy, but according to the way of the king, as long as he ate enough pills, he would be able to breakthrough quickly. It was just that those pills were not easy to refine, he had to go to the World Defying Stage Soul River to capture World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s to refine them.

"Ke Er, is it convenient for you to break this seal now?" Chen Xiang asked. He was going to work hard to cultivate and fuse with the mysterious and powerful fire attribute World Defying Stage Fierce Soul.

"Wait four more hours." Feng Ke’er said.

After Chen Xiang waited for four hours, Feng Ke’er was preparing to break through the array, but at that moment, he saw the big door open.

"What’s going on? Someone actually opened the door for me! " Chen Xiang was very surprised. He thought that he would be trapped to death here, he never expected that someone would actually open the door for him.

"Chen Xiang?" A handsome middle-aged man walked in with a smile and said, "Come, I’ll take you out. You don’t have to worry."

Chen Xiang was very suspicious, because this middle aged man looked to be very friendly, but he was still very cautious. If the people from the Fierce Saber Race and the Soul River Divine Race leaked the news that he owned a Crystal emperor, then the people inside could not help but have other impure motives.