Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Lei Yichen was very surprised, because he had previously understood that Chen Xiang was only at the late stage of the World Defying crazy realm, with three World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s. But now, Chen Xiang had personally told him that he had reached the peak of the World Defying crazy realm.

"This... Weren’t you at the late stage of World Defying crazy realm? Lei Yichen was extremely doubtful, and could not believe it.

"I broke through in that cave." Chen Xiang said in a low voice: "Don’t tell anyone else!"

Lei Yichen being able to resist the power of the Soul Swallowing Mountain’s devouring caused Lei Yichen to be extremely surprised, but Chen Xiang was actually able to make a breakthrough inside.

"You can even find World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s from Soul Swallowing Mountain? This seems to be impossible. In the Soul Swallowing Mountain, it is very difficult to fly out with your mind and spirit. Lei Yichen shook his head.

"That’s because I found something inside that can replace the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul. I mysteriously merged with that thing and I broke through." Chen Xiang replied: "I also don’t know what kind of World Defying Stage Fierce Soul it is." Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"Release a little Qi for me to see. I’ll help you appraise and appraise it. I have a good understanding of the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul." Lei Yichen said.

Chen Xiang activated the mysterious fire World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, then released a faint scorching aura.

When Lei Yichen sensed it, he was so shocked that he could not say anything.

"Master, what’s this World Defying Stage Fierce Soul?" Chen Xiang waved his hand in front of Lei Yichen’s dazed eyes, causing him to react.

"Chen Xiang, this is the Ancient fire madness!" Lei Yichen said in a low voice: "Don’t tell anyone about this matter, your background is unknown, if it were to be found out, the elders of Ancient Fire Divine Sect would definitely punish you, and if it gets serious, they would even say that you stole the Ancient fire madness."

"It’s actually the Ancient fire madness!" Chen Xiang was surprised too, this was what he had guessed earlier.

Lei Yichen didn’t know what Chen Xiang had done in the Soul Swallowing Mountain to actually be able to find the Ancient fire madness.

"Master, I heard that some time ago, some kind of convention was held to let the outer sect disciples obtain the Ancient fire madness. At that time, I was still locked inside the cave ... Who obtained the Ancient fire madness in the end? " Chen Xiang said.

"It was obtained by a woman! Originally, this Conference was only a round of competition between the outer sect disciples, and in the end, they were given a chance to fuse with Ancient fire madness s. This is because Ancient fire madness had to acknowledge its master, and in the end, when it was the little girl’s turn, she actually succeeded.

"Female?" Chen Xiang could not help but think of Qin Shuang, the one who had the most chance of obtaining the approval of the Ancient fire madness: "Is this woman named Qin Shuang?"

"Yeah, how do you know?" Lei Yichen curled his lips: "Didn’t you say that you didn’t know about this?"

"This woman is my friend!" Chen Xiang said: "When we first came in, where is she now?"

"She was taken away by an old woman. That old woman was once a Leader of the Ancient Fire Divine Sect.

Lei Yichen now knew that Chen Xiang had Ancient fire madness, and he had indeed picked up a treasure, it was just that it was a bit hot, because Chen Xiang had Ancient fire madness and it wasn’t something that could be obtained by right.

"I hope she will have a good future in the future." Chen Xiang said. The thing Qin Shuang hoped the most after entering the Ancient Fire Divine Sect was to find the whereabouts of her grandfather, since right now she was following a Leader who once belonged to a Ancient Fire Divine Sect. She would definitely be able to find quite a few things about her grandfather.

"Chen Xiang, you want to quickly enter the Aoshi Holy Stage, right?" Lei Yichen said: "This may be a little difficult, because crossing from the World Defying crazy realm to Aoshi Holy Stage is only a dividing line, relying on pills is impossible."

"Can’t we use pills?" Chen Xiang was in disbelief: "Ancient Fire Divine Sect is such a big sect, yet there isn’t such a medicinal pellet!"

"Hey, you need to be clear that stepping into the Aoshi Holy Stage requires you to strengthen the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, and you need to make all of the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul evolve into World Defying holy soul." Lei Yichen said: "If you want the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul to evolve, you have to absorb the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul’s Qi from the World Defying Stage Soul River and let the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul devour you."

This made Chen Xiang a little disappointed.

Seeing the disappointment on Chen Xiang’s face, Lei Yichen said: "It’s not that there isn’t such a pill, but it’s just that it’s not easy to obtain. are all pills that Alchemist can use to exchange for treasures. "

"Because this pill is very special, it is impossible to condense a pill spirit ..." The main reason is that it needs to absorb a large amount of World Defying Stage Fierce Soul power and use this power along with a few medicinal herbs to be able to refine it, so it is extremely precious, and cannot be refined so quickly like the Soul body madness Dan. " Lei Yichen patted Chen Xiang’s shoulders: "It doesn’t matter if you slow down, everyone is walking like this."

"This won’t do. My enemies are quickly becoming stronger, but I need to stop." Chen Xiang shook his head: "How about this, Master, when will you bring me out? I’m going to find a friend. "

"In a few days!" Lei Yichen said: "I’ll try and see if I can get you a pill now!"

Lei Yichen told Chen Xiang to stay in his mountain and not to run around, he said that he would be back soon.

"This cheap master is not bad." Feng Ke’er laughed.

"Yeah, he’s a good person." Chen Xiang said: "I need to find the way of the king quickly, and get him to teach me the way to refine those pills. He said that he would let me comprehend it on my own, but I do not have any leads."

Chen Xiang did not need to enter the inner sect now, he felt that he was fine now, he only had to wait patiently, and wait for Gu Tong to appear. At the same time, he slowly started to have some sort of reaction with the Tao-creation Holy stone, and before long, he would get the recognition of the Tao-creation Holy stone.

Right now, eating the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pellet was no longer of much use to Chen Xiang. Since it was all for Feng Ke’er and the Mei Jing Sisters, they also needed to strengthen themselves.

Chen Xiang returned in high spirits after waiting for quite a while.

"Master, you got it?" Chen Xiang saw that Lei Yichen was smiling so happily.

"Of course, you have just become my disciple, I do not want to disappoint you, this is a World Defying holy Dan, named Broken soul Dan, it can strengthen your World Defying Stage Fierce Soul to a certain extent, I will give you one every so often, it can help you quickly step into the Aoshi Holy Stage." Lei Yichen gave the pellet to Chen Xiang.

"Is it expensive?" Chen Xiang looked at it, and didn’t think it was anything amazing.

"Of course it’s expensive, I used a sacred World Defying artifact for it." Lei Yichen sighed.

Lei Yichen himself was a Refiner, and luckily he still had some assets up his sleeves, if not he would not dare to accept disciples.

"The World Defying artifact of the Holy-rank? "What is the standard for this?" Chen Xiang was very curious about this, because he wanted to know what rank the divine artifacts in his hands were.

"As long as you use more than fifty kilograms of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals to refine it, you will be a saint rank World Defying artifact." Lei Yichen asked: "Do you have such a divine tool?"