Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang shook his head. He did not use the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal to refine the divine tool. an amount of an amount of an amount of an amount of an amount of an amount of an amount of an amount of an amount of an amount of an amount of an amount of an amount of an amount of an amount of an amount of an amount of an amount of an amount of an amount of an amount of an amount of an amount of a sum of money.

"Hurry up and eat it, there are many people who are not bad about this Broken soul Dan, and it’s so expensive." Lei Yichen urged Chen Xiang to eat it. If Chen Xiang could sense that the effects were not bad, then he would not be at a disadvantage.

After Chen Xiang ate it, he frowned: "It’s not bad, after the released energy is absorbed by the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul will strengthen itself, but this type of pill is too little, and it needs to be consumed multiple times."

He had four World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s and none of them were ordinary World Defying Stage Fierce Soul. If he wanted all of his World Defying Stage Fierce Soul to evolve into World Defying holy soul, who knows how long it would take.

"This will take time... You should know that the Overlords within the outer sect disciples, they have all been stagnant for a long time with Peak of World Defying crazy realm s and are pretty outstanding, but I do not fancy them, and there aren’t many who would like them, so they can only wait outside ... If it was really fast, Huang Ziyun would have long since let that crippled grandson of his step into the Aoshi Holy Stage. "

"Alright!" Chen Xiang could only wait outside to find a place to learn.

"Master, you are an artificer. Have you heard of the Tao-creation’s Holy stone?" Chen Xiang asked, "There’s a sea of blood and fire outside. I heard that the Tao-creation’s Holy stone and the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals exist within this sea of fire, and someone has even obtained them."

"Don’t look at me, of course I’ve heard of Tao-creation’s Holy stone. I’ve even seen them before!" Lei Yichen said: "The Tao-creation Holy stone s are not easy to obtain, even in the Ancient Fire Divine Sect, it is a rare treasure, let alone the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals. If someone obtains the Tao-creation’s Holy stone, they will hold a exhibition meeting inside the Ancient Fire Divine Sect, to show off the Tao-creation’s Holy stone."

"That’s what I saw." Lei Yichen said.

Tao-creation Holy stone were also very rare here. Previously, Chen Xiang thought that there were a lot of Tao-creation Holy stone here.

"You might not know this, but the blood and fire outside is actually something our Ancient Fire Divine Sect released to lure the Tao-creation’s Holy stone in." Lei Yichen said: "That’s why after a while, the Tao-creation’s Holy stone and the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal appeared. It’s just that it’s a bit difficult to find."

"Oh? Then where did the Tao-creation s come from? " This was actually a net thrown out by the Ancient Fire Divine Sect.

"World Defying Stage Soul River!" Lei Yichen said in a low voice: "World Defying Stage Soul River is just a huge treasury, located in a mysterious region high up in the sky. I think there is a fifth or sixth floor, where all sorts of powerful things are produced.

"Fierce Saber Race and Soul River Divine Race are all born from World Defying Stage Soul River, so they can easily enter the World Defying Stage Soul River. Outsiders need to go through the Transmission array to do so, so right now, those Fierce Saber Race s and Soul River Divine Race s are extremely precious to us."

"Hmph. They are my enemies. I don’t care. Once I have the strength, I will definitely exterminate them." Chen Xiang said, he hated Fierce Saber Race and Soul River Divine Race to his very bones.

"I know this, I’ve seen these guys before, they’re very arrogant." Lei Yichen said: "If they knew I was your master, their attitude towards me would definitely be even worse."

"My good disciple, what kind of huge grudge do you have with them? Can you tell Master? "

Chen Xiang pondered for a moment, then said: "The main ones were the two genius disciples from the Fierce Saber Race s and the Fierce Saber Race s who were chasing after me, but later on, they were killed by me, and then it was those old fellows who took action."

"If a disciple of the Fierce Saber Race s and their families possess decent talent, they would definitely be extremely arrogant. It would be unavoidable for them to clash with the children of the Fierce Saber Race s as well!" Lei Yichen nodded.

Chen Xiang scoffed, "The most despicable thing is that these people knew that I owned a piece of Crystal emperor, so they all set out together."

Even in the Ancient Fire Divine Sect, Crystal emperor s were extremely precious, and when Lei Yichen heard this, he almost shouted out.

"You really have a Crystal emperor?" Lei Yichen lowered his voice and said, "You must not make this matter public."

"I was just worried that those guys would show off." Chen Xiang said.

Lei Yichen nodded his head: "It is indeed like that, looks like you really know how to cause trouble, right now you are in a lot of trouble."

"Master is not afraid, I got the Crystal emperor fair and square, and did not snatch it. When that time comes, if they ask me, I will give them all to you." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Damn it, you actually want me to help you take the blame." Lei Yichen really wanted to hit Chen Xiang: "Show me the Crystal emperor!"

"Master, have you never seen this before?" Chen Xiang laughed disdainfully: "You don’t seem to have seen the world!"

"Bullshit, I’ve even seen Tao-creation’s Holy stone before, how can it be that I’ve never seen a Crystal emperor before? I still have one more piece, which is refined into my hammer. " Lei Yichen took out a pale golden hammer and said: "Look, this is a divine World Defying artifact, it was added with a Crystal emperor."

Chen Xiang took out a piece of Crystal emperor, its size was huge and its quality was high. When Lei Yichen saw it, he stared at it.

"This is something refined by a human, it’s too amazing! In the end, who refined it?" Lei Yichen held it in his hand and carefully touched it, looking at it.

"I heard it was refined by the Super Yang Old Ancestor." Chen Xiang asked: "Can I use the artificially refined Crystal emperor s?"

"Of course you can!" Lei Yichen said: "In here, many Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals are refined using Myriad Tao Divine Soil s, and it’s all done by Alchemist s."

Lei Yichen gave the Crystal emperor back to Chen Xiang. This was his disciple’s, even if he wanted it, he couldn’t force it.

At that time, Gu Tong was the Leader and the Super Yang Old Ancestor was her protector. " Lei Yichen said: "It’s just that for some reason, the Super Yang Old Ancestor went missing, and I heard that there was a conflict between them."

Fierce Saber Race and Soul River Divine Race both had very strong powers in the World Defying Stage Soul River. And the reason they had joined the Ancient Fire Divine Sect was only to obtain the Ancient fire madness, because there were no such things as Ancient fire madness s in the World Defying Stage Soul River. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Chen Xiang asked Lei Yichen to gather some information, to see if the people from the Fierce Saber Race and the Soul River Divine Race had leaked anything regarding the Crystal emperor.

A few days later, Lei Yichen did not manage to gather much news, he only knew that the people of Fierce Saber Race and Soul River Divine Race had already found out that Chen Xiang had become his disciple.

"They will definitely take action from now on. Master, take me and leave Ancient Fire Divine Sect now, I have a friend I need to meet urgently." Chen Xiang said, he had to quickly step into Aoshi Holy Stage in order to be able to fight against Fierce Saber Race and Soul River Divine Race.

Lei Yichen had promised Chen Xiang, and now that he had obtained permission to leave the Ancient Fire Divine Sect, he brought Chen Xiang to a Transmission array and teleported out through the Transmission array, appearing above the Bloody Wind Island!