Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

It had a man years since Lei Yichen had one out. Now that and Chen Xiang had been put on top of the Blody Wind Island and saw sy buildings appalling here, ey couln ’t help ut be put. The vertex says.

"What’s going on?" What are these things here? What build theem here? " Lei Yichen was able to get out this, because the Blody Wind Island was the place where they were.

Chen Xiang nudisly pulled him and hid, the people here, he did all of this in order to get away with this, and so on of this, why do you want not to have the other part of the business s structure, he did not want to get away with this.

"" "T.Master, is this island very portant to you?" " Chen Xiang was very angry when he saw Lei Yichen.

"t’Of source, this is a place that we use pass pass by to enter and exit the Ancient Fire Divine Sect." Of source, this is a place we use pass pass to enter and exit the Ancient Fire Division Secret. Lei Yichen said: t’Even though it s been a long time sence we last name out, we shoulden n t have been taken so easily. "Back then, we look at the site a bit of time to build this island in the sea of fire."

"Actually, the people up theere are all from Field Saber Race and South River Divine Race!" Chen Xiang said: t I head that ey were all televised here from an effective transfer array. "I don t know what did kind of Transfer array they are."

Lei Yichenpondered for a mament and said: tAncient Transfer array? Which it was left by us all that ears ago? How did they find out? What is the ir purpose in seeding this place? " Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Chen Xi sudy saw a new people walk over, and said in a low voice: tMaster, should we capture them and ask, maybe the ey will know! "

Lei Yichen nodeled. He did not greet Chen Xiang and actually rusted out by himself. He let out a huge black cloth bag and pulled all of this in it, putting this in over.

They’re all in the mid to late stages of the World Defining crime realm, that’s what you want to do with your life or your life or your life or your life or your life or your life or your life or your life or your life or your life or your life or your life or your life or your life or your life or your life or your life or your life or your life or your life or your life or your life. When Lei Yichen meade His move, he only capturedtheem instantly.

"" "t’et s go, we will hide in the sea of fire!" " Lei Yichen looked at at the black flag and quickened rusted in to the sea of flams with Chen Xiang.

To enable the Blood Wind Fire Sea, Li Yichen released a Domain, and the Blood Fire was not available to enter.

Lei Yichen relayed the life from the bag. The man’s face was pale and his eyes filled with tears, but he didn’t say anything. He looked at Lei Yichen relayed the life from the bag, and said, "No." "No," I said, "no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. After learning the life of people, the law of things, and the book of things, extended peace haggard. They diden ’t know what kind of kind of Power was in this Lei Yichen s bag, but that felt as if if they had had a ghost.

"tYou guys, if you don ’t have only ansher my demand, I’ll put you guys back here." Lei Yichensaid with a color face, scouring the face of the em so much money. The felt that people would come be bound strong, but if the person in front of them can be used to catch them so that they can be given, he must be strong.

Furthermore, they had been in that bag before. It did not want to enter again.

"What is ur purpose in building a city on that island?" Lei Yichen asked.

"" "The freedom we build this is island has only to move the issue transfer array that is connected to the World Defining Stage Sool River over..." " A light foot medidle-bound man said: t The Transmission array is able to the technology the properties from the World Defining Stage Sool River. Three are a new from the Field Race That are in the Blood Wind Fire Sea, but if this is to be made to the Blood Wind Fire Sea from the World Defining Stage South River, it will take a very long time. "

"" "Are they?" " Lei Yichen sneered: tQuickly! "

The right to do medidle-bound man saw that Lei Yichen had waded the flag in front of the head for em for a new times and couldn ’t help ut shiver.

"t’no, no, no, they are not interested.com. Instead, we have to come here to look for the Tao-creations Holy stone! "The light flump medide-bound man has so scarified that is his voice trembled."

Chen Xiang fried, the peace above the South River River River River actually plotting Something against the Blood Wind Fire Sea, and the Blood Wind Wind Fire Sea has his story. Accessing to Lei Yichen, the Blood Wind Fire Sea as the baiit thy law to attract the Tai-create ’s Holly stone.

"t Theere are so many Tau-creation Holy stone above World Defining Stage Soul River, where are you all hill running fall here?" Lei Yichenalso though about things, he felt that this is met to Leader, after he returns, he is reeled to quickly tell this matter to Leader.

"The Tau-creations above the World Defining Stage Sou River are not that this is to capture ..." Although it is not easy to catch Black Wind Fire Sea ’s Holly stone, but it is much easier to find than to find it in the World Defining Stage Sool River’ s story. "The middle-bound man has so far, so it shouldn t be a meess."

Chen Siang had alreadydown from the start that was black name was not simple, it must have been addwith home social energy, which was worth it was able to be a breeding-group for the Tao-creations Holy stone, acting the Tao-creations Holy-side to end cachem above.

"The cells from the World Defining Stage South River are actually interned in this place?" Don’t you want to watch this place? When you bastards go back, well them this is Ancient Fire Divine Secret ’s story. If they’ll don t get out of here, don t name me for being rude. "Lei Yichenscoved, then beat theem up and then theem back onto the Blody Wind Island."

And it took a lot of traffic for the Ancient Fire Division Secret to create this process land, but now, someone acted to share the results of the case. The identity of the Ancient Fire Divine Secret, and it took a lot of money for the Ancient Fire Divine Secret to create this kind of thing land, ut now, someone acted to share the results.

Even when you are about to leave, he was going to extend your name with the roads here. He didin t take to bring Chen Xu out of the Blood Wind Fire Sea, into the Blood Wind and Black Design.

"t Our Ancient Fire Divine Sect s people haven’t for a very long time, that ’s while this group of people of people though our Ancient Fire Divine Secret had been destroyed." Lei Yichen looked at at the Blood Wind Fire Sa behind him him him him him and others: t Field Saber Race and Sour River Divine Race are reallybold, Blood Wind Fire Se Sea is someone that our Ancient Fire Divine Secret Work hard to create in the last to act Tau-creations s attachment. "They don’t know we can get a share of it."

Lei Yichen had to follow Chen Xiang out, so he coulden ’t report back for the time bean, he could only wait until they return.

"" "t" Master, do you have enemies, that can run very fast?" " asked. Previously, it was Lei Yichen who had brought him and ran frantically out.

"tOf source!" Lei Yichen took out a caravan. It looked like it was made of bronze, and it was made by someone from the same place, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people, the same people.

"" "What is this trade by Gu Tong?" " Chen Siang felt that this method was water by similar to the way Gu Tong renewed it, so he casually askeed.

"How is this possible?" Wey wold Old Ancestor Gu Tong help me refine sock a ’thing? "" No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no... "Lei Yichen Laughed: tHowever, the window who hed hed me create this RV is one of Gu Dong ’s lands." "Back then, he had last to me, so I had him to help me get back to him."

Lei Yichen control the crime to fly forward, and brougt Chen Xiang to Heaven Fire City to find the way king.

He had been promissioned Chen Xiang before that he he would would would like to see help him help him find his way to his home, to his home, to his home, to his house, to his house, to his house, to his house, to his house, to his house, to his house, to his house, to his house, to his house, to his house, to his house, to his house. He told Chen Xiang and Chen Xiang to ask him for some pellets after a while.