Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Shen Xiang soon found the king in a hotel.

"You are really coming, I just finished a furnace." Wang Dao said with a smile, then looked at Lei Yichen, because Lei Yichen gave him a strong feeling.

Lei Yichen also thinks that Wang Dao is not a simple character. When he was on the road, he asked Shen Xiang what kind of friends he was looking for. Shen Xiang just told him to find an alchemy teacher friend.

"This is my master, Lei Yichen." Shen Xiang smiled: "Master, this is the friend I said, the name is Wang Dao."

"Hello!" Lei Yichen politely smiled.

Wang Dao looked at Lei Yichen, and his face showed a hint of sympathy, because he knew that Shen Xiang was not an honest guy. Whoever did his master had to cast a little more mold.

"Fortunately, I will be lucky!" Wang Dao laughed and said hello.

"Half-ghost old man, do I want the Dan refining system to be better?" Shen Xiang asked, and he ran out of the ancient fire gods, all for the sake of Dan.

On the one hand, he needs to look at the Dan of the reign of Wang Dao. With reference, he can study better.

"There are only three in total, this kind of Dan can not be refining." Wang Dao took out a jade bottle and handed it to Shen Xiang.

"Well, then I have to go around." Wang Dao said: "I want to travel a lot. There are still many places on this 10,000 roads. I have not been there. Let me go and see."

"Then you must be more careful!" Shen Xiang said: "The above is still dangerous."

"You can rest assured!" Wang Dao smiled.

Then the three of them ate a meal and talked for a while and said goodbye.

Shen Xiang also hurriedly let Lei Yichen take him back to the ancient fire god.

Lei Yichen also heard some things about Shen Xiang on the road, because now the Mad Knife and the Soul River Protoss are still offering him a reward. He heard someone talking on the road, and when he heard it, he heard many unfortunate things.

Shen Xiang and Lei Yichen sat on the RV. Lei Yichen heard the sound outside. Shen Xiang could hear the same. When he saw the change of Lei Yichen's face, he knew that Lei Yichen had heard about him.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"Good guy!" Lei Yichen did not look at Shen Xiang: "How much do you care about me? How do I hear that you got more than a dozen crystal emperors?"

"Yes!" Shen Xiang can only honestly admit.

"It’s awkward. I look like the kind of person who will ask you for the crystal emperor?" Lei Yichen snorted.

"Like!" Shen Xiang scratched his head and said: "Master, in fact, there are not so many crystal emperors in my hands, only seven or eight!"

"The seven or eight pieces are also quite a lot, and they are all obtained from the Ziyang Temple. The Crystal Emperor refining the Sun is still very good." Lei Yichen said.

"Master, do you want it?" Shen Xiang asked.

"Of course I want it, but you can rest assured that I don't want the apprentice to send things. Only the master sends things to the apprentices." Lei Yichen said with great enthusiasm.

"Master, you are so good! Unlike my last master, it is a stupid old man who wants to take advantage of me all day long." Shen Xiang smiled, he could not help but recall Huang Jintian.

Shen Xiang said that Lei Yichen did not dare to ask for his things.

"Master, how is it better, you help me to use Crystal King to refine something, is it good?" Shen Xiang said, he finally found a good level refiner, and can help him refine the artifact for free.

"Okay!" Lei Yichen is very happy. After all, there is a rare opportunity to refine the crystal emperor, which can increase his experience. ,

Shen Xiang took out six mirrors and handed them to Lei Yichen.

Lei Yichen took a look and frowned. "This has added a lot of crystal emperors? At least five!"

"Good eyesight!" Shen Xiang smiled.

"But the refining techniques are somewhat immature, and they can't play the power of those crystal emperors, so they will be burned by blood." Lei Yichen is a good refiner, and he has seen many problems at a glance.

The six mirrors are indeed burned by the blood and then deformed. Fortunately, they are only slightly deformed, and they can still be used.

"It is this artifact that is very weird. The inner lining embryo is very long-lasting. It has been preserved for many years. This artifact has only been reinforced by people. The spiritual pattern in the base has not changed." Lei Yichen looks carefully Look, and again.

This is true of the six mirrors, which have been strengthened several times, and the mysterious spirits inside have never changed.

"Master, then you will help me strengthen and strengthen." Shen Xiang took out three crystal emperors and said: "Add three crystal emperors!"

"Good! If you join the three crystal emperors, this artifact will be very terrible." Lei Yichen thought a little excited, because not everyone can have the opportunity to refine so many crystal emperors.

The six mirrors are mainly the role of defense assistance, and they are very useful for Shen Xiang.

"Master, if you reform, you are not afraid of blood burning?" Shen Xiang is more concerned about this, because the six mirrors can not resist the burning of blood and fire, but only later rely on the inside of the array.

"Sure, there are so many artifacts that Jinghuang refining, must not be afraid of blood." Lei Yichen is very confident, he urged his car to accelerate, he wants to hurry back to the ancient fire god, help Shen Xiang Transform this artifact.

The RV quickly reached the **** fire outside the country. Although Lei Yichen was a refiner, he did not have a lot of materials to refine his artifacts like Shen Xiang, so his RV could not resist the blood.

Lei Yichen can only enter the **** sea with Shen Xiang, then come to the vicinity of Bloodwind Island, open a battle, and return to the ancient fire gods with Shen Xiang.

"I will first go to find a teacher and tell him that the mad knife and the soul river gods occupy the **** island." Lei Yichen said: "You first eat those Dan practitioners, and when I come back, I will help you refine." The six mirrors."

After Lei Yichen left, Shen Xiang also rushed into the secret room.

"The Dan of the half-ghost refining is really good, much better than the broken soul of Sheng Dan that the master had brought back!" Shen Xiang took out the jade bottle and opened it, and a breath came out to make him proud of the world. They are like hungry and hungry wolves.

Shen Xiang looked at the word above the jade bottle and read: "The proud soul of Sheng Dan!"

"I will take a look at it first." Shen Xiang only knows how this kind of Dan is refining, but there is only one direction. Others need him to comprehend.

After Shen Xiang ate the dan, he felt like there was a proud mad soul entering his **** sea, without any potency!

"The half-ghost old man should be directly using the proud world to refine it! This power is like extracting from the proud world to the pure power." Shen Xiang said: "This is not the power without the medicine, but also I don’t know if Danlings can eat after they have eaten."

In the ancient fire gods, those alchemists can not refine the Dan spirit that can condense the soul of the holy Dan, so the soul of the holy Dan is very expensive, mainly because the soul of the holy Dan contains a lot of power of the proud world. Dan Ling can't absorb this strange energy.