Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"It's a purely arrogant madness energy, all refining by the half-ghost old man, and finally condensed into Dan, and I don't know how many arrogant singers of the half-ghost old man have refining a Dan."

After Shen Xiang ate the next sacred soul, he felt that his hunger and arrogant madness devours the energy of this proud soul, Sheng Dan, compared with the previous sacred sacred Dan, absorbed by the proud world. More energy.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

Shen Xiang took out another one and handed it over to Jiang Sili, who let Jiang Sili eat it.

"Lili, can you eat this kind of Dan, can you evolve?" Shen Xiang asked, and only let Danling eat a grain to determine this kind of thing.

"This is not sure...but I think it should be!" Jiang Sili said: "The factor we can evolve is that after the body absorbs a lot of the same type of energy, it will condense a core in our body, and this core will absorb the power of the outside world. It will release the unique energy of the core, and then through our unique body of Danling, you can condense Dan."

Jiang Sihua said: "The previous Wandao Shentu Dan was only adding a small amount of medicinal materials. The main ingredient is still 10,000 Dato, but we can still successfully evolve and condense the high quality Wandao Shentu Dan."

"So, you are not very sure now." Shen Xiang is somewhat guilty, because one of them has evolved and needs to consume a lot of pride.

“Yeah!” Jiang Sihua nodded. “Shen’s big brother, we just think it can evolve, but it’s not very sure!”

"How many grains do you need to eat?" Shen Xiang asked.

"Two hundred or so, if it is of high quality, one hundred tablets should be able to evolve." Jiang Sihua said.

Shen Xiang wondered if he could eat two hundred arrogant souls and could not step into the proud world.

He had previously asked Lei Yichen how many granules to break through, and Lei Yichen told him that he needed at least a thousand. If you can get one capsule a month, it would take a thousand months!

Of course, the soul of the Holy Spirit is also very precious, it can not be every month, so if you count it, it will take at least a hundred years to break through.

"If it is the proud soul of Shengdan, at least 500 tablets!" Shen Xiang is considering the value is not worth trying to let Dan Ling evolve, if successful, he will have a large number of proud souls in the future.

"Okay, just try it!" Shen Xiang thought that the proud soul of Sheng Dan can be sold, and can exchange a lot of things in the future, so I decided to fight.

After the decision, he walked out of the Chamber of Secrets and wanted to see his master come back.

"Master, how is it?" Shen Xiang asked, Lei Yichen's face is not good-looking.

"Hey, our ancient fire gods are also true, actually cooperated with the mad knife and the soul river protoss, and agreed to let them build the city on the **** island." Lei Yichen is very dissatisfied with this matter: "Blood fire is Our ancient fire gods worked hard to provoke the creation of the holy stone, but now they share it with outsiders."

"There must be some people benefiting from this." Shen Xiang said.

"It is someone who benefits, but definitely not you and me!" Lei Yichen said: "The mad knife and the soul river protoss are the overlord on the river of pride, they can get a lot of proud madness, and these proud worlds are very useful. Big, you should be clear."

Poorly proud of the world can be used to refine the spirit of the Holy Spirit, if the powerful proud of the world can be combined, let yourself gain more strength, this is the purpose of Shen Xiang.

"I was also blamed by the old elders." Lei Yichen said; "I don't know what is going on in the church, I actually agree with such a thing! It is estimated that now the soul river protoss and the mad knife people enter the ancient fire gods They are very valued by them."

"This is not good for me!" Shen Xiang frowned: "They know that I have so many crystal emperors on hand!"

"It is unfavorable, so I will always pay attention to your movements. If anything is wrong, I will take you away from the ancient fire gods." Lei Yichen nodded.

Shen Xiang knows that Lei Yichen is not a few days. How does Lei Yichen help him, so that Shen Xiang is very moved, I feel that this master is still very reliable.

"Master, look at this thing!" Shen Xiang took the bronze gong out.

Although the ancient bronze gongs have been damaged, but after Lei Chenchen saw it, he was very surprised.

"This is... this is the refining thing of the ancient boy!" Lei Yichen can see more than Shen Xiang, he hurriedly said: "There is a sacred stone in this artifact!"

Lei Yichen touched the ancient bronze gongs and took a deep breath: "The things that ancient children refining are different, it is amazing!"

"If it's awesome, it won't break." Shen Xiang grinned. "Master, why is this thing broken?"

"This must have been attacked by the same powerful things." Lei Yichen also felt very surprised: "Where did you find it? Even the current teaching has no such powerful thing!"

"I found it in the **** sea," said Shen Xiang.

"The ancient boy must have fought in the **** sea." Lei Yichen said: "This ancient bronze cymbal is the artifact he often uses, and now he is missing, how is he?"

The artifacts that are often used are damaged, and they are still left in the **** sea, which makes Lei Yichen could not help but worry, the ancient boy is his most admired predecessor.

"This matter must be kept secret, and anyone can tell." Lei Yichen whispered: "There are some ingenious stones in the ancient bronze plaque. I can try to see if it can be extracted from it. If it can be successfully extracted, I will It is smelted into your six mirrors."

"Good!" Shen Xiang had some accidents, but he could still do so.

Subsequently, Shen Xiang and Lei Yichen each were busy with their own.

Shen Xiang wants to refine the proud soul of Shengdan, and Lei Yichen helps Shen Xiang to transform the six mirrors.

In the secret room, Shen Xiang closed his eyes and ate a mad god, which allowed his spirit to go to the mysterious and proud world, and he would grab the proud world from above.

After grabbing the arrogant madness, you need to bring the proud madness back to the sea of ​​gods with the spirit, and then let the spirit go to the proud world, which is very troublesome.

If it is necessary to refine a proud soul, Sheng Dan needs a thousand proud spirits, Shen Xiang does not know whether he can persist, because he has to refine several hundred.

"The proud soul of Sheng Dan should be proud of the world, more powerful than the proud world, the refining difficulty is certainly great." Shen Xiang comforted himself not to be afraid.

His spirit came to the third floor of the proud soul river. He felt that it was because his body was very strong at this time, so he could rush in one breath.

"As long as it is proud of the world's madness!" Shen Xiang directly grabbed his nearest proud madness, he just grabbed the proud world, and suddenly there was a familiar power.

"It is the power of space!" Just now, the space madness in his **** sea released the power, and directly moved the proud madness that he touched to the sea of ​​gods, completely without any effort, which surprised him.

If there is no such power, he needs to slowly pull it down with the spirit, put it into the sea of ​​gods, and then let the spirit go to the proud world, which is very troublesome!