Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

It’s a lot easier to catch the madness on the river of the proud world now. Shen Xiang doesn’t worry that the refining will take a long time. Now he’s like a basket of his own god. Inside the sea. ↗

"There is a lot of madness needed to refine the spirit of the Holy Spirit!" Shen Xiang analyzed the madness according to his own experience. He said: "At least three hundred proud spirits can be refining one!"

If it is an ordinary person, it is very difficult to capture three hundred proud spirits. It takes a lot of time to say nothing, and it also needs a lot of madness! Shen Xiang now understands why Wang Dao has refining three pieces in such a time!

"If it is a half-ghost old man, he may take longer, because he only catches the madness of the first layer of the proud soul river, at least a thousand!" Shen Xiang is now directly catching the third layer of the mad soul The third layer of madness is much better than the first layer, and the energy contained is extremely high.

The third layer of the madness is not good to bring back, if Shen Xiang does not have the power of space, he himself can not easily put the proud world into his own sea of ​​God.

"Now it is refining!" Shen Xiang was only a small half-day, and he got three hundred madness.

The madness of the third layer of the proud soul river, compared to the first layer and the second layer, can be seen a lot less, but it can still be seen everywhere, Shen Xiang needs the madness of alchemy and does not require any attributes, so he likes Grab the fish and catch it back.

"I don't know if I can use the derivative collision method?"

Shen Xiang needs to refine the super high-quality proud spirit of Sheng Dan, and only then can you let Dan Ling evolve!

He combined the ancient fire madness, now only know the great benefits of the ancient fire mad!

"This kind of flame burning is proud of the world's madness." Shen Xiang just released the flame through the ancient fire madness, and with his sun fire, it was very fast when burning the mad soul.

The last time Wang Dao told him that it is not easy to burn the proud world, and to extract more energy from the proud world, you need to be very careful to burn, otherwise it will only waste the proud world.

However, when Shen Xiang used his flame to burn, it was only half an hour, and he burned all the energy contained in the proud world.

"Half hour of smelting a proud world, this speed is already quite good." Shen Xiang can clearly feel that he is so fast, mainly because of the ancient fire madness.

"Ten hours are twenty proud mad souls. It seems that I don't have to spend a long time to refine a proud soul." Shen Xiang calculated that it would take half a month to succeed.

He has not yet entered the time field, mainly to see if the refining spirit of Shengdan is too big, and there is no danger of frying. If these problems are encountered, the use of time domain will be very inconvenient.

"I don't know how the proud world is in the proud world. The high-level inside the ancient fire gods is so good for the mad knife and the soul river protoss, and there is a cooperative relationship. This is very worrying!" Shen Xiang sighed. The proud world Shenglong is good to him. It is his friend. Now his friend is in danger and he is very worried.

Shen Xiang smashed the hoe, so that he can concentrate on refining the proud soul of Shengdan. Only if he has strong strength, can he go to the proud world to find the proud dragon.

After fifteen days have passed, Shen Xiang has successfully burned three hundred proud mad souls. At this time, he gathered a large number of great arrogant powers together and condensed them into a large crystal cluster. Then he needs to The crystal cluster is subjected to derivatization.

"Derivatives have failed!" Shen Xiang used the derivative method, but it was not as smooth as before. The crystal group did not react at all, which made Shen Xiang very surprised.

"The derivative method I use is rarely missed!" Shen Xiang was puzzled.

"Try to see the collision method!" said Feng Keer.

Shen Xiang immediately used the collision method. Before using the collision method, he needs to divide the large crystal cluster. It is necessary to divide it into several pieces. It is not easy to divide it. The energy crystal cluster of the power of the proud world is not easy to deal with. .Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Shen Xiang only tossed more than ten hours before he succeeded!

"boom!"

The collision method was successful. At the time of the collision, the quality of the power of the proud world has improved a lot!

"Why does the derivative method fail?" Shen Xiang is difficult to understand. Now he can only use the collision method. Fortunately, the collision method has an effect, and the quality is also improved.

After the collision ended, Shen Xiang and Feng Keer joined forces to start condensing Dan!

Cheng Dan succeeded, Shen Xiang let Jiang Sili eat.

"Lili, how is the effect? ​​Do you think that you can eat a lot of tablets to be successful?" Shen Xiang feels that the proud spirit of Shengdan is compared with Wang Dao, and the quality is very high.

"At least one hundred!" Jiang Sili said: "The power of the proud world is very strange, and the flowers and plants, the energy between the heavens and the earth is somewhat different, these energies are difficult to reproduce."

"No wonder I can't use derivative methods!" Shen Xiang finally solved the doubts in his happiness: "So, can you really evolve successfully? This can't be derived!"

"So I am not so sure!" Jiang Sixi whispered, because if it is not successful, Shen Xiang will be busy, can say that the loss is heavy, she can not make up her mind.

"Well, I will give it a try. In short, even if I fail, I will not blame you." Shen Xiang smiled and didn't want Jiang Sili to have too much pressure. The reason was not her.

Shen Xiang pondered a bit, still used the time field, so that outside the day, he would be able to refine almost two high-quality proud spirits.

A hundred grains, that is, more than fifty days, almost two months!

Because of the need to use the collision method, it is enough for Shen Xiang to use a heavy time field, which can make him more stable in the time domain, otherwise the time domain will be wrong, but the consequences are very serious.

Shen Xiang is busy with alchemy, not far from the secret room, Lei Yichen is also busy refining the six mirrors of Shen Xiang, his progress is somewhat slow, because he has to go from the ancient bronze Extracting a small number of invasive sacred stones, this process is very time consuming, and Lei Yichen is also the first thing to do.

Both the mentor and the teacher are busy with each other, especially the thundering enchanting of the refining device. It is even more intoxicated, a large number of crystal emperors, including the ancient bronze gongs of the sacred stone, and the bronze He is still from the hands of the ancient boy, but he is the most admired refiner.

Time flies, in the blink of an eye, two months have passed, and Shen Xiang has also produced three hundred arrogant souls, Sheng Dan, to Jiang Sili. If Jiang Sili can evolve successfully, she and Jiang Sihua will practice their twins, then Jiang Sihua can also evolve. .

At that time, Shen Xiang does not need to work hard to refine the proud soul of Shengdan!

Shen Xiang walked out of the secret room. When he came to the hall, he saw several people sitting here. One of them, he knew, was Zhu Qingneng, an elder of the mad knife family, and others were also mad knife and soul river protoss. .

This can shock Shen Xiang, this is his great enemy!