Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

It is very difficult to step into the sacred world. Even the ethnic groups such as the Mad Knife and the Soul River Protoss are not so easy to turn their proud world into a proud soul. They still need a long time. The practice of time. +

Some people in the ancient fire gods can refine the soul of the holy Dan, but they are very lacking in the arrogance of the world, otherwise a lot of refining the soul of the holy Dan, the ancient fire gods will have more disciples in the world.

"The spirit of the mad sword has been promoted to the proud soul of the world, and it is quite fast. Every day, let the proud spirit Shengdan eat it is cool!" Shen Xiang practiced in the time field for more than half a year, finally let a mad soul advance!

More than half a year, eating four tablets a day, that is more than seven hundred, and this is only to make his proud world of madness, he still has three proud madness, so it seems that all the holy, you need More than two thousand, it is more than he expected before.

"It seems that it is really cost-effective to let Dan Ling evolve. If I want to refine more than 2,000 of this super-high-quality proud soul, I will be crazy." Shen Xiang looked at his hand and just condensed it. Two sacred souls, Sheng Dan, will eat it and continue to cultivate.

He thinks this may be because his proud world is very powerful, so when he is holy, he needs more energy. After all, his proud world needs a strong mad war.

"The proud world is not so easy." Feng Keer said: "The little bullies in the outer gates who are at the top of the world are not aware of how long they have been stagnant."

"Hey, if they don't have medicinal herbs, they can only rely on time to get up." Shen Xiang smiled and said: "Our alchemy teacher is such a rebellious existence."

"It is true!" Feng Keer very much agrees with Shen Xiang's words. Wang Dao is also such a powerful alchemy teacher, but he does not have so many means of sinking.

In the ancient fire gods, there is also such an alchemy teacher, the soul-breaking Sheng Dan that Shen Xiang had seen before, is the refinement of this genius alchemist.

Two years in the time domain have passed, and the outside is only about a month away.

Shen Xiang’s four proud mad souls have all been sanctified at this time, and they have successfully become the proud soul! After becoming the proud soul of the world, the release is no longer the pride of the world, but the proudness of the world, which can double the power of the proud world.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

"This is the strength of the proud world. It is really amazing. It is no wonder that when I faced the sacred world, I always felt that I couldn’t beat it!" Shen Xiang felt that his proud power was stronger than the previous proud world. Times.

After a successful breakthrough, Shen Xiang no longer fears the old guys of the Mad Knife and Soul River Protoss.

"Kid, you always figured it out!" Lei Yichen saw Shen Xiang coming out of the secret room and excitedly said: "Look at the six mirrors!"

When Shen Xiang took a look, his face changed and the six mirrors were actually made into bronze.

"This style..." Shen Xiang was speechless, and his six mirrors now look like the old bronzes.

"This is the unique style of the ancient ancestral master. How do you like to imitate it?" Lei Yichen laughed.

To be honest, Shen Xiang doesn't like this kind of bronze. He still likes the golden look.

"Don't you have to be like this?" Shen Xiang knew that his six mirrors had become very strong, but he was not happy. Lei Yichen also saw that Shen Xiang did not like the style of bronze. He thought that Shen Xiang hoped, because Shen Xiang had said that he would see the ancient boy before, and that Shen Xiang had the bronze gong of the ancient boy refining.

"Forget it, anyway, it's made like this!" Shen Xiang finally showed a smile: "Thank you, Master!"

"You like it!" Lei Yichen laughed.

Lei Yichen went to withdraw the large array that protected the house. Just after he withdrew, he saw several middle-aged voices coming from outside.

"Is it a thunder elder? I will teach them to wait for you for many days. I hope that you can bring your loved ones to the lobby of the ancient fire gods. There are important things to discuss," said a middle-aged.

"Well, you go back first, I will go soon." Lei Yichen only promised for the time being.

Last time, Lei Yichen was a singer who had taught the mad knife and the soul river protoss, and the high-ranking gods of the ancient fire had a cooperative relationship with these two ethnic groups. The action of Lei Yichen on the day must have angered the mad knife family. they.

This time, let Lei Yichen take Shen Xiang in the past, obviously it is to deal with this matter.

"Master, do we really want to go?" Shen Xiang was somewhat worried. The seniors of the ancient fire gods were very strong. He was worried that Lei Yichen could not resist himself.

"Reassure, even if you are in charge of teaching, you can't take me." Lei Yichen said with great confidence: "Well, we will meet them in the past, anyway, we are more reasonable."

"If they raise the matter of Jinghuang at the time, you will say that they are all kept by me. In any case, I will not let them hurt you."

Aren't they crazy because they have a lot of crystal emperors? Lei Yichen is very clear about this.

Lei Yichen took Shen Xiang and went to a palace in the inner gate of the ancient fire **** to come to the luxurious lobby. There are many people here.

Shen Xiang is more unexpected, there are more people of the Mad Knife and the Soul River Protoss!

Even Qinshuang is here. She is standing behind an old woman. The old woman is sitting close to the teacher. She should be a highly respected veteran. The old woman is closed, but one The majesty but invisible release of the people around her has pressure.

Shen Xiang guessed that the people of the Mad Knife and the Soul River Protosm must have come more, just to strengthen the momentum. In addition, Shen Xiang also saw Huang Ziyun, the elder of the external penalty, and Huang Ziyun was glaring at him.

Sitting on the top of the palm is a white-haired old man, looks very kind, Shen Xiang thinks he should speak very well.

The two rows of chairs on both sides of the lobby are filled with people. They are the strongest people in the world, and the young people standing behind them are not weak. Most of them are young people who are proud of the world.

Shen Xiang discovered that Qin Shuang actually broke through to the sacred world, which made him feel very confused, because he knew very well that it would be difficult to break through in such a short period of time without his way of swallowing medicinal herbs. .

Shen Xiang gave Qin Shuang a voice, but Qin Shuang simply responded to "convenient to say."

"Shen Xiang, see the teacher, the elders of the elders." Shen Xiang is very polite.

Lei Yichen is not so polite: "Teach, what do you want us to do? We are very busy!"

"Thunder elder, what do you do yourself, don't you know?" A gray-haired old man stood up and sneered, then looked at Zhu Qingneng and others sitting opposite.

"I really don't know, I also asked Lin to tell me that I am too busy, so I may forget it." Lei Yichen laughed.