Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Lei Yichen’s words made many people unhappy, because in less than a month, Lei Yichen had already forgotten! One must know that the entire inner sect of Ancient Fire Divine Sect knew that he had humiliated Zhu Qingneng’s group back then.

"You ... When you asked us to slap each other, you... To ruthlessly humiliate us, you must have forgotten about it on purpose. " Zhu Qingneng stood up, his voice trembling in anger.

"Oh, I remember."

Lei Yichen was actually still smiling, "That day when I was refining, and it was even at a critical juncture, you said that you had something important to discuss with me, and then Chen Xiang called me out. After that, all you did was joke with me, and when I was in a bad mood, I scared the both of you, and you slapped each other in the face."

But because I was played by you, I came out from the critical moment of refining to see you guys, so I was a little angry in my heart, and I was a little too scared, but I didn’t expect you guys to really slap each other’s face, and each time you hit each other more and more, you guys can just not beat each other up, you guys can just pat your butts and run away, and it’s not like I’m going to kill you.

Zhu Qingneng and the others were speechless. Back then, they were afraid that Lei Yichen would kill them, which was why they had slapped each other’s faces!

Lei Yichen laughed, "Oh, so it’s this matter. Seeing how great you guys have become ...."

"I’m fine with apologizing. Sorry, my fellow sect members, please blame me for getting angry at the moment. "I’m sorry."

Zhu Qingneng’s heart immediately surged with thousands of horses, he was completely dumbstruck, because they had predicted that Lei Yichen would definitely fall out with them, and they had even planned to clash with Lei Yichen or something like that.

But now that Lei Yichen had apologized, what could they do to him?

Chen Xiang also didn’t think that his own master would actually be willing to yield and be able to speak so easily. With just a few words, Zhu Qingneng and the others were left speechless.

"Elder Lei, do you think we can just let this go?" The person called Elder Lin said, he was obviously biased towards Zhu Qingneng and the others.

The elders present did not expect Lei Yichen to admit his wrongs, they had even planned to wait for Lei Yichen to refute, and then launch a group attack to oppress Lei Yichen, allowing him to apologize and admit his wrongs under their encirclement.

"You don’t count like that?" What then? How about this, you guys kill me ... " Lei Yichen raised his head: "Cut off my head, I am willing to die to apologize."

Elder Lin was speechless, how would they dare to kill Lei Yichen? If Lei Yichen’s master knew about this, all of them, this group of old fellows, would die!

Chen Xiang had originally been a little worried, but now that he saw that these old fellows were all speechless, he couldn’t help but laugh in his heart, and silently praised this master of his.

"Since I’ve already apologized, I’ll let you guys kill me. What else do you want?" Lei Yichen snorted: "If there’s nothing else, we are going back. We are very busy, not like you old fellows who are tired of living and are waiting for death."

"Elder Lei!" One of the hunchbacked old man said: "I think the enmity between your disciple and Zhu Qingneng should be resolved here!"

Right, Chen Xiang killed my son! Zhu Qingneng said.

"I was the one who killed your son Zhu Haiprofound, and I killed Fierce Saber Race’s He Yancong as well. Chen Xiang is only helping me to escape! " Qin Shuang suddenly said.

They were speechless. They thought that Qin Shuang and Chen Xiang had a conflict with each other, and he thought that Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang would get together with each other. But they never thought that Qin Shuang would actually admit it himself!

They, the group of people, would always act on their own. That was because if it was them, they would definitely try their best to blame it all on the other party.

They had miscalculated this step again!

The person was indeed killed by Qin Shuang, and Qin Shuang admitted it himself. Chen Xiang only helped Qin Shuang to escape, and the matter was clear, he wanted to find Qin Shuang for revenge.

"Alright, that little girl has admitted to it. There is always someone who owes you a debt, go find her." Lei Yichen scoffed, "You guys aren’t even sure about the Chou family, but you actually went to my place and disturbed my refining. Who doesn’t know that refining is not to be disturbed."

Speaking till this point, Lei Yichen was suddenly very angry, he released waves of anger and said: "I know the reason you guys came to find Chen Xiang, isn’t it because you saw the dozens of Crystal emperor he obtained from Purple Yang Divine Palace? Hmph, you fellows, just think about it, remember this, don’t ever let me meet you guys outside the Ancient Fire Divine Sect. At that time, I will not be merciful. "

Fury burned in Lei Yichen’s eyes, causing the entire hall to become extremely hot, and Zhu Qingneng and the rest who were staring at him were so scared that their entire bodies trembled, perspiring profusely.

"Chen Xiang obtained the Purple Yang Excalibur and entered the Purple Yang Divine Palace to obtain it himself. After that, he bestowed the Purple Yang Excalibur to me.

Qin Shuang looked at the people from the Fierce Saber Race and the Soul River Divine Race, and continued: "After Chen Xiang and I arrived above the Myriad Tao, we were attacked by He Yancong’s Wild thunder tiger, we killed the Wild thunder tiger, and He Yancong chased after us everywhere. Then, I met Zhu Haiprofound, who coveted my beauty, and clashed with him."

"In the end, Chen Xiang and I followed them into the Blood Wind Black Desert, and took advantage of the time when the elders of the Fierce Saber Race and the Soul River Divine Race were dealing with the World Defying holy dragon, I sneak attacked Zhu Haiprofound, who was in the carriage, and succeeded in getting rid of him. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

"And you guys kept chasing after Chen Xiang just to get the Crystal emperor in Chen Xiang’s hands. Trash like you all actually got accepted by the Ancient Fire Divine Sect as disciples. Pah!"

Zhu Qingneng was very angry to begin with, but now, Qin Shuang had repeatedly said that he had killed Zhu Haiprofound, which made him even angrier. He did not plan to take revenge in the first place, he only wanted to obtain Chen Xiang’s Crystal emperor.

But now that Qin Shuang had exposed him, he had to show off!

"Stupid girl, don’t talk nonsense!"

"That’s right, with your words, who would believe it? You want to shield Chen Xiang! It was Chen Xiang who killed him, we do not want his Crystal emperor! "

"Qin Shuang, don’t think that just because you have a powerful master you can spout nonsense."

The people of Fierce Saber Race and Soul River Divine Race pointed at Qin Shuang at the same time.

Suddenly, the old lady sitting in front of Qin Shuang opened her eyes. The moment her eyes opened, they shone with an extremely beautiful red light, the red light was as though it was released by a blood flame, but it was even more red than the light of the blood flame!

"Senior uncle ..." Leader shouted in panic, but it was already too late.

The moment the old woman opened her eyes, her killing intent surged. The heat wave was so strong that everyone in the hall felt like they were in a steamer. The entire hall was engulfed in crimson flames!

"You call my disciple a dead girl, damn it, to make you all say that my disciple is speaking nonsense, damn it! Damn it! "Damn it!" After the old lady finished speaking, Zhu Qingneng and the others who were walking around immediately ignited with red flames, and amidst their screams, they were burnt to ashes.