Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Lei Yichen had only exchanged blows for a short while, causing him to be slightly injured. Now that there were a few strong elders from the Aoshi Holy Stage surrounding Chen Xiang, he felt extremely helpless.

Just as Chen Xiang was about to be killed by an old man’s iron palm, he suddenly disappeared!

After Chen Xiang disappeared, he immediately appeared behind Lei Yichen. He grabbed Lei Yichen and brought him into the Six Realms mirrors!

The Six Realms mirrors had already become a wheel.

The group of Fierce Saber Race knew that Chen Xiang had a fast moving wheel, so they reacted very quickly and blocked the door at the very first moment. They thought that the Six Realms mirrors would fly out and roll away, but the Six Realms mirrors suddenly disappeared and appeared outside the door of the hall.

Chen Xiang was able to use the power of space, but he couldn’t teleport too far away, so he was able to travel a short distance.

The Six Realms mirrors rolled in the Ancient Fire Divine Sect, followed by a group of people ...

"Leader, this Chen Xiang is really complicated, he actually caused such a commotion, we were truly underestimating him."

"That’s right, he has Gu Tong’s World Defying artifact, we ... Should I chase this World Defying artifact back?! "

"Pah, that wasn’t even refined by Gu Tong, it just looked like it. It should have been refined by Little Thunder according to Gu Tong’s style." The old woman also followed along. She frowned and said, "What’s strange is that the World Defying artifact in Chen Xiang’s hands seems to have a trace of the Tao-creation’s Holy stone’s aura."

Chen Xiang had an Ancient Bronze-ranked gong in his hands, she guessed that Chen Xiang would help him modify his Six Realms mirrors and Lei Yichen would even extract from the Ancient Bronze-ranked gong the Tao-creation’s Holy stone and refine them into his Six Realms mirrors.

"You guys are really a bunch of idiots. This Chen Xiang brat is a treasure, and you actually want to make an outsider come him. It’s really too funny." The old lady chuckled, "Fine, I’ll let you juniors meet with trouble so that you can grow up in the future ..." In short, it is impossible for Chen Xiang to return to the Ancient Fire Divine Sect now. "

"Senior Master, we can still catch Chen Xiang. It’s not like you don’t know how strong the Ancient Fire Divine Sect’s barrier is, it’s not like he can’t escape." The Leader was very confident.

"Is that so? If you catch Chen Xiang, what will you do? Give it to Fierce Saber Race and the others, and let Chen Xiang become an inner disciple of Ancient Fire Divine Sect. " The old woman said.

"Since we have an agreement with the Fierce Saber Race, we will of course hand it over to them! If Chen Xiang did not kill that group of juniors earlier, perhaps I would have kept him. " The Ancient Fire Divine Sect said.

"Even if you let him stay now, he wouldn’t be willing. You guys didn’t know that the way he looked at you all just now was filled with disdain. In his eyes, you’re just a bunch of trash, haha ..." The old lady sneered and left with Qin Shuang. She didn’t continue chasing after him.

Qin Shuang was forcefully taken away by the old woman;

"Grandma, aren’t you going to help Chen Xiang? Without him, I wouldn’t have been able to come here. I wouldn’t have been able to see you at all! Just help your granddaughter once. " The usually cold and arrogant Qin Shuang acted like a little girl, acting coquettishly.

"Stupid girl, don’t you understand this kid when you’re together with him? I have tried to attack him a few times, but he always managed to avoid danger. Just look, after getting rid of a group of brats, he was able to bring his master and run away. This Ancient Fire Divine Sect can’t stop him. " The old woman chuckled, "It’s not by chance that this kid could obtain your grandfather’s Crystal emperor and could gain Spirit of Divine Alter’s acknowledgement. This proves that he has a certain level of ability and that there’s no need to worry."

This old woman was Qin Shuang’s grandmother. It was because she knew that the Leader s of the Ancient Fire Divine Sect were going to sell Chen Xiang and Lei Yichen out, that was why she came out to join the commotion and watch the opportunity to help Chen Xiang escape danger.

Chen Xiang controlled the Six Realms mirrors to roll in the air. The people chasing after him could not catch up, and could only attack from afar continuously. Although the strength was strong, they were unable to hit the quickly moving Six Realms mirrors.

"Master, how do we get out?" When Chen Xiang was inside the Six Realms mirrors, looking at Lei Yichen, he only suffered a slight injury. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"There is a barrier around Ancient Fire Divine Sect, it’s not easy to break through!" Lei Yichen frowned. "Let’s try and see if we can shake them off and hide for a while before we think of a way to break through the barrier."

"Alright!"

Chen Xiang increased the speed of the Six Realms mirrors, allowing it to increase its speed. However, the people chasing from behind were also very fast, they followed very closely, and it was hard to shake them off.

"This can’t go on." Chen Xiang said. From the Six Realms mirrors s, he could see the people chasing after them. Ancient Fire Divine Sect’s Leader and the elders had caught up to them.

"This bunch of old geezers from the Ancient Fire Divine Sect is really a bunch of idiots." Chen Xiang could not help but scold.

"This bunch of old geezers are really stubborn to begin with." Lei Yichen was also very angry at this moment, because no matter how he looked at it, he felt that Chen Xiang staying in the Ancient Fire Divine Sect was beneficial to the Ancient Fire Divine Sect.

The Ancient Fire Divine Sect was very big, they had been chasing it for half a day and it was still the same.

Suddenly, a voice came from the horizon.

"I was away from Ancient Fire Divine Sect for a period of time, why did it become a mess? What are you doing? "

was pleasantly surprised when he heard this voice. He hurriedly shouted to Chen Xiang: "It’s my master! My master has returned! Let’s hurry and get out, my master will definitely protect us. "

Chen Xiang naturally had a lot of trust in Lei Yichen, so he immediately followed him out.

After exiting, Lei Yichen anxiously shouted: "Master, someone is killing me!"

Just as they were about to cover them, a blue light flashed in the sky. A blue-clothed old man appeared in front of them, gently waving his sleeves and opened up the huge wave of energy.

Seeing this blue clothed old man, the faces of the Ancient Fire Divine Sect’s Leader s and elders became a little ugly.

The blue clothed old man was Lei Yichen’s master, Lei Bingyun. He was an elder from the previous generation in Ancient Fire Divine Sect.

"Elder Lei, things are a bit complicated ... "Listen to me." The Ancient Fire Divine Sect flew over quickly and narrated what had happened.

The people from Fierce Saber Race and Soul River Divine Race did not make a move as well, because they were not Lei Bingyun’s match at all.

After Lei Bingyun finished listening, he turned and looked at Chen Xiang and Lei Yichen.

"Master... It’s all their fault first. " Lei Yichen said: "Chen Xiang is my disciple, is your grand disciple, you must protect him!"

"This kid is indeed capable, but ..." As a member of the Ancient Fire Divine Sect, I naturally have to use the Ancient Fire Divine Sect as my foundation. Therefore, I won’t protect him today. Lei Bingyun waved his sleeves and released a light blue light barrier to envelop Lei Yichen, then led him away.

"Master, what are you doing? You old bastard, how could you do this!" Lei Yichen never thought that his own master would actually stand by the side of the Ancient Fire Divine Sect, and he scolded angrily.

The first issue of this book came from 17K, so the first thing I’ll do is to look at the original content!

inclusion = " /fragment/6/3236.html ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidc; padding: 15px20px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {mardin-left: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tt.microsoftyahei; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; mardin-bottom: 5px;}

Scan 2D code to pay attention to 17K official WeChat, the latest chapter can also be seen on WeChat! Click on the top right corner of WeChat + sign, choose add friends, search public number "wap17k" to pay attention to us. Reply to "Big Awards + your qq number" for participation in the event. 10 iphone6, ten thousand qq members waiting for you!