Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was also dumbfounded. He thought that Lei Yichen’s master was someone easy to talk to, but now he had dragged Lei Yichen away.

Chen Xiang was once again surrounded by the seven elders from the Fierce Saber Race and the Soul River Divine Race. Among them, the strongest was at the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, while the others were all at the middle stage of Aoshi Holy Stage.

That old woman brought Qin Shuang over again.

Just now, when they were chasing, it was very loud, causing the inner sect disciples to be alarmed, they all gathered around and looked at Chen Xiang.

"Old Lei, I didn’t expect you to do this." He never thought that Lei Bingyun would actually not interfere in this matter, and even forcefully drag Lei Yichen away.

"This brat is too strange. I can’t help him." Lei Bingyun said, "If you want to help, then help out ... If you make a move, I’ll leave the matters of Ancient Fire Divine Sect to you! "

The old lady was very clear about Lei Bingyun’s intentions. If she did not interfere in this matter, then no matter what the Ancient Fire Divine Sect did, it would have nothing to do with her. If she interfered, it would be equivalent to her disagreeing with the current Leader.

Therefore, no matter what decision the current Leader made, they could not oppose it, nor could they interfere. They could only watch from the side! Although they were once elders of the Ancient Fire Divine Sect, they did not have the energy to take care of it now. Even if the Ancient Fire Divine Sect were to decline, they would not do anything.

, Super Yang Old Ancestor and the rest did not care about what happened in the Ancient Fire Divine Sect, and would only return occasionally to visit. Even if the Ancient Fire Divine Sect was destroyed, it had nothing to do with them!

"Disciples of the Ancient Fire Divine Sect, listen up. Today, you must not let this person escape." Seeing that Lei Bingyun did not want to interfere, the Leader from Ancient Fire Divine Sect was relieved and announced loudly.

Being surrounded by so many experts, it would be hard for Chen Xiang to escape even if he could use the power of space.

"I just stepped into the Aoshi Holy Stage, and each of you are all in the middle stage of the Aoshi Holy Stage, late stage seniors. With so many of you surrounding and attacking a young man like me, aren’t you afraid of being laughed at by others? The Ancient Fire Divine Sect has so many young disciples watching, do you really want them to see the elders of the Ancient Fire Divine Sect as such despicable, shameless and despicable people? " Chen Xiang said loudly.

"What is it? Do you want to fight me alone? " Ancient Fire Divine Sect of the Ancient Fire Divine Sect laughed disdainfully: "Whatever, I’ll give you a chance. If you can defeat me, or you eight elders, I’ll send you out of the Ancient Fire Divine Sect."

The Ancient Fire Divine Sect was also a fellow who cared about face even at death’s door. They had so many seniors who were able to catch a little imp and make them into such a mess, and were even surrounded by so many disciples. If they were to take down Chen Xiang just like that, or force Chen Xiang to his death, how would the disciples think of them?

"You mean what you say?" Chen Xiang said, but he still found it hard to believe.

"I, Gu Mingprofound, as a stately Leader, naturally, I will keep my word. As long as you defeat me, or even if it’s one of the eight great elders of the Ancient Fire Divine Sect, we will let you off today." Gu Mingprofound’s voice was like thunder, shaking the entire Ancient Fire Divine Sect.

Gu Mingprofound and the eight great elders were all at the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, not the peak. If they were at the peak, they would definitely not be elders or Leader s anymore.

For example, Qin Shuang’s grandmother and Lei Yichen’s master Lei Bingyun. They were both at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage and had both hidden themselves to attempt to breakthrough to their bottleneck.

Qin Shuang kept shaking her grandmother’s arm because she knew that it was impossible for Chen Xiang to defeat late stage Aoshi Holy Stage like the eight great elders and Gu Mingprofound.

Chen Xiang calculated his own strength. He felt that if he released the Red fire dragon and combined it with his spatial energy, he would not be willing to give up the chance. Right now, his Six Realms mirrors had also been remodelled, so it could be of great help.

Although the spectating inner disciples did not know what had happened, they could understand the situation right in front of them. As long as Chen Xiang defeated one of Gu Mingprofound and the eight great elders, he would be able to leave the Ancient Fire Divine Sect safely!

"He just stepped into the Aoshi Holy Stage, and now he wants to challenge someone at that level? He’s ridiculous! "

"Keep dreaming, forget about Leader, even he, who is in the middle stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, can’t beat me!" Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Leader, why don’t you let us disciples fight!"

"Yeah, you can defeat him with just one hand, it’s too boring. Let the disciples practice."

Everyone started to discuss loudly, constantly ridiculing Chen Xiang.

Gu Mingprofound was very clear that if it was a middle stage Aoshi Holy Stage, they might not be able to defeat Chen Xiang, and the Six Realms mirrors in Chen Xiang’s hands would be very powerful.

"Have you decided who to challenge?" Gu Mingprofound asked.

Chen Xiang was currently looking carefully at the eight elders. He wanted to find the weakest one, but he couldn’t find out who, so he looked at the Lei Yichen in the distance.

Lei Yichen was enveloped by a blue light barrier that his master used to protect him. He could not escape, nor could he transmit any messages or sounds from inside.

"Chen Xiang!" Qin Shuang suddenly transmitted his voice to Chen Xiang.

"Xiao Shuangshuang, who exactly is that old granny?" Chen Xiang was ecstatic, and anxiously asked.

"She’s my grandma, right now she can’t interfere in this matter. If she interferes, the consequences will be very troublesome. I was restricted by her, so I can’t go out and help you. I’m very sorry." Qin Shuang’s voice was urgent, it was clear that her grandmother only allowed her to talk with Chen Xiang for a while.

"It’s fine, it’s good that you can find your grandmother. I’m happy for you." Chen Xiang was not nervous, he was confident in his abilities, because his Red fire dragon was very strong. Furthermore, his Raging Dragon Soul had already turned into a saint and became a divine dragon soul.

"If you are confident, you should challenge the Leader. The Leader is also a sword-wielding person, he just so happened to have refined a piece of Tao-creation Holy stone, so you must take note." Qin Shuang said: "Also, Leader is most skilled in using fire. I remember that you use fire too, when you are fighting, don’t use fire to fight him."

"Even Frenzy sword method can’t do it?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No!" Even though you are a member of the Sword Blood, you do not have enough control over the Frenzy sword method. Leader’s cultivation is far above yours, and your control over fire is much stronger than yours. Qin Shuang said: "Use your other sword techniques, in short, do not use the power of fire and Frenzy sword method!"

"What about the other elders? What is the strength of the other elders? " Chen Xiang felt that the Leader should be the strongest.

"They are stronger, because they are older than the Leader, and some elders are from the previous generation, but because they were unable to reach the peak of the Aoshi Holy Stage for a long time, they were able to stay, and only the Leader is younger." Qin Shuang said, "Alright, Grandma is going to restrict me now ..."

From now on, Qin Shuang could no longer converse with Chen Xiang.

"of the Ancient Fire Divine Sect, I challenge you!" Chen Xiang made his decision, his voice sounding slightly heavy.

This young man, who had just entered the Aoshi Holy Stage, actually wanted to challenge their Leader!

The first issue of this book came from 17K, so the first thing I’ll do is to look at the original content!

inclusion = " /fragment/6/3236.html ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidc; padding: 15px20px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {mardin-left: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tt.microsoftyahei; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; mardin-bottom: 5px;}

Scan 2D code to pay attention to 17K official WeChat, the latest chapter can also be seen on WeChat! Click on the top right corner of WeChat + sign, choose add friends, search public number "wap17k" to pay attention to us. Reply to "Big Awards + your qq number" for participation in the event. 10 iphone6, ten thousand qq members waiting for you!