Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Gu Mingprofound also never thought that Chen Xiang would actually choose him, because in many people’s eyes, the Leader was usually the strongest, yet Chen Xiang chose to be the strongest. Gu Mingprofound was clear about his own strength, but compared to the other eight elders, he could only be considered average.

"You’ve decided?" Gu Mingprofound laughed coldly, his face full of ridicule: "Of course, who you choose, the result is the same. With your current cultivation, you are not our match."

"That’s right, I’m just a brat, how could I be a match for you bunch of old fellows? Isn’t it because you’ve gone too far? " Chen Xiang’s voice was filled with anger. The people from the Fierce Saber Race and the Soul River Divine Race were all people who had their eyes on his Crystal emperor, so they came up with all sorts of excuses to annihilate him.

"This is all your own fault." Gu Mingprofound took out a white divine sword. When the sword appeared, the sword released a white flame that looked like it was not simple at all.

Qin Shuang had told Chen Xiang before that Gu Mingprofound’s divine sword had been added to the Tao-creation’s Holy stone, so it was a very sturdy and sharp divine weapon.

Gu Mingprofound and the eight Great Elders were all higher-ups of the Ancient Fire Divine Sect, while the one outside of the Ancient Fire Divine Sect was the Blood Wind Fire Sea. Over the years, they would definitely be able to find the Tao-creation’s Holy stone, Chen Xiang guessed that the eight Great Elders’ divine tools were definitely refined using the Tao-creation’s spirit artifacts, and they might be even more powerful than Gu Mingprofound’s.

Chen Xiang summoned his Heavenly magic sword. Even though his Heavenly magic sword was refined using Crystal emperor, it was still far too inferior compared to the Tao-creation’s Holy stone!

"Forget it, as long as I can survive this crisis, I will definitely work hard to cultivate so that I can grow stronger as soon as possible. Then, I will come to Ancient Fire Divine Sect to find them to get my revenge."

When Chen Xiang was betrayed by the Ancient Fire Divine Sect, he felt extremely aggrieved in his heart. Once he possesses sufficient strength, he will definitely not let the Ancient Fire Divine Sect go.

"How do we determine victory or defeat?" Chen Xiang asked: "Do you want me to fight to the death?"

"It is accurate to determine the outcome of a battle of life and death! If you do not want to die, just wait and see. I will let you go, I believe that at that time, as long as you cooperate with Fierce Saber Race and the others and return the things that you stole from them, they will not make things difficult for you. " Gu Mingprofound said with a stern face.

"Bullsh * t!" Chen Xiang instantly roared: When did this daddy snatch away that group of grandsons’ things, you old bastard, stop spouting nonsense. You are a dignified Leader, how can you lie for a group of grandsons? You need to be clear, you are a Leader, not a stupid dog that wags its tail just by looking at a bone. "

Gu Mingprofound was startled, and everyone was stunned!

No one had ever scolded Gu Mingprofound in such a manner before. Gu Mingprofound was the Leader, after all, he was her Ancient Fire Divine Sect.

The disciples of the Ancient Fire Divine Sect were furious when they saw their own Leader being scolded.

"This fellow is truly arrogant. With such little strength, he even challenged our Leader! His words are not inferior to ours, Leader will definitely kill him later."

"Just who is this person?" I have never seen such an arrogant fellow before. It’s one thing for him to have strength, but he’s just a newbie who just stepped into the Aoshi Holy Stage. "

"That’s right. Any one of us can trample him to death."

The people inside were all inner sect disciples who had entered the Aoshi Holy Stage, so they were very confident in their own strength.

Gu Mingprofound was so angry that his old face twitched, and he felt embarrassed after being insulted by Chen Xiang in front of everyone.

"Don’t you want to live?" Gu Mingprofound asked with a darkened face.

"Of course I want to live, it’s just that you guys aren’t giving me a way out. Today, even if I die, I will not give you the Crystal emperor s, give up! You bunch of trash are not even worthy of the Super Yang Old Ancestor’s Crystal emperor. "

Chen Xiang held onto the Heavenly magic sword tightly with one hand, while the other hand held onto the Six Realms mirrors tightly.

"Fine, let’s see how long you can continue being so arrogant for!" The white godly sword in Gu Mingprofound’s hand shook, then suddenly turned red, and flames spewed out like blood flames.

The originally imposing Chen Xiang suddenly calmed down, as though he did not want to fight anymore.

"What is it? Scared? " Just as Gu Mingprofound wanted to take action, he saw that Chen Xiang’s fighting spirit was gone.

"Even if I defeat you, I won’t be able to leave the Ancient Fire Divine Sect today? I saw that each and every one of your disciples wanted to kill me, and there were still the eight great elders, Fierce Saber Race and the people of Soul River Divine Race here. Even if I win, it would be useless. "

"Would I, Gu Mingprofound, lie?" Gu Mingprofound laughed coldly.

"I don’t trust you, because no matter how you look at it, you don’t seem like people you can trust." Chen Xiang snorted: "Let’s sign the blood contract, this thing is most useful."

"Alright!" Gu Mingprofound also wanted to quickly bring out Chen Xiang’s Crystal emperor so that he could give Fierce Saber Race and her an explanation. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

After signing the blood pact, Chen Xiang was a lot more at ease. At least he would dare to go all out, and at that time, he might really be able to defeat Gu Mingprofound.

Lei Bingyun smiled at the old woman beside him, "This brat is quite the character. If he can escape from here today, then our Ancient Fire Divine Sect will really lose a lot of face."

"He should not have any hope, his strength is far inferior to Gu Mingprofound’s." The old woman shook her head. "But he is indeed a good seedling."

Everyone thought that Chen Xiang would definitely lose, and only Qin Shuang had an inexplicable confidence in him.

The people of Fierce Saber Race and Soul River Divine Race were all calm and composed, as if the Crystal emperor would soon reach them. Their losses were not small, if they could obtain more than ten Crystal emperor, they felt that even if they lost it, it would still be worth it.

The Blood fire sword’s flame in Gu Mingprofound’s hands burned, and the hot air that was released seemed to carry a dense stench of blood, as it spread out in all directions, causing people’s hearts to tremble. The atmosphere immediately became extremely terrifying, that strange and scorching killing intent enveloping over, seemed like it could make people hear countless people who were being burned in a sea of fire, releasing extremely miserable hisses.

"What a strong spiritual power. Just this murderous intent alone is enough to scare a lot of weak people to death." Chen Xiang was also startled, this Ancient Fire Divine Sect was truly strong.

Gu Mingprofound released his killing intent, his face becoming extremely serious. The sword in his hand trembled, a blood light shot out in all directions from it, flames exploded out, and his body was immediately enveloped by the flames released by the divine sword.

Sou! Sou! Gu Mingprofound’s body that was burning blood flame suddenly flashed, and floated over like a phantom. The divine sword pierced in the distance, and a burst of flames congealed into a scorching ray of light that shot out.

When Chen Xiang saw Gu Mingprofound move, he immediately used his fastest speed to block the Six Realms mirrors in front of him. Just as he finished, the red light beam had already shot over.

Bang!

The light beam condensed from the Sword Qi struck Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors, causing the light beam to shoot out, striking Gu Mingprofound. The speed and power of the light beam was faster than before.

Gu Mingprofound’s reaction was shocking. Sensing that something was wrong, he quickly dodged, dodging the beam of light. Even though it was shot back, it only hit his hair, burning a large portion of it into mist.