Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The scene just now was too thrilling, if Gu Mingprofound had reacted just a little slower, his head would have already been pierced, causing the inner disciples to feel fear in their hearts. Right now, their eyes were burning with passion as they stared at the Six Realms mirrors in Chen Xiang’s hands, this was truly a strong divine tool.

"That is the divine artifact of our Old Ancestor Gu Tong, he stole it from the Ancient Fire Divine Sect." Gu Mingprofound knew that the Divine Equipment was not refined by Gu Tong, but he did not care about it. It was because he was determined to defeat Chen Xiang, and that would be his.

The main reason was that he could see that the divine tool could reflect the power of his sword just now. This was indeed something hard to come by.

"This fellow is truly shameless!" Chen Xiang cursed angrily in his heart.

"That was not refined by Old Ancestor Gu Tong, no matter how you look at it, it doesn’t look like it." He knew Gu Tong, so he was clear that his words had made Gu Mingprofound feel somewhat awkward.

Chen Xiang’s grip on the Six Realms mirrors hurt, it was all because of that one strike from Gu Mingprofound just now.

"This won’t do. If this goes on, I will definitely be killed by him." Chen Xiang took a deep breath, then activated the Six beasts in his body and allowed it to fuse with the Six Realms mirrors, turning it into a Red fire dragon.

The Six beasts’s power quickly entered the Six Realms mirrors and turned into it, but... Chen Xiang glanced at the Red fire dragon and was immediately stunned.

The Red fire dragon’s entire body was enveloped by a bronze glow. After the bronze glow flickered, it turned into a seal formed from Spirit grain. The incantation was embedded into the Red fire dragon’s body, causing the Red fire dragon’s power to increase by a lot.

"These bronze incantations ..." Could it be because I’ve refined an ancient bronze gong? " Chen Xiang knew that his Six Realms mirrors’s fusion power was very strong, and could easily fuse many things together.

Now, it had successfully merged with the ancient bronze gong refined by Gu Tong.

After the cyan incantation appeared on the Red fire dragon’s body, it became even stronger, and the power that was released was also bronze. Chen Xiang observed carefully, the flames that spouted from the Red fire dragon’s mouth looked like they were formed by incantations of various sizes.

Chen Xiang could actually control the Red fire dragon’s body. Only by doing this, would his strength increase. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"In short, the divine artifact in Chen Xiang’s hands is definitely not his. Such a powerful divine artifact can’t fall into the hands of a despicable person like him. It would be a calamity in the world." Gu Mingprofound’s words that turned black into white made Chen Xiang so angry that he almost vomited blood, as if whatever he said was the most reasonable thing to do.

"I’ve truly gone mad. I actually fought with a shameless old bastard like you. This is the greatest humiliation of my life." Chen Xiang said angrily: "Old fart, kill me now. As long as I die, my divine artifact will also die with me. If you have the guts, come and kill me."

Gu Mingprofound could not bear to die together with. He also knew that such a powerful divine tool could be used so well by Chen Xiang, so there must definitely be a strong connection between him and Chen Xiang.

"So he stole such a powerful divine tool. No wonder he was so fearless, but he was still wrong. Our Leader is very strong."

"He’s just relying on divine artifacts. Without divine artifacts, he’s nothing."

"Leader, hurry up and kill him.

The inner sect disciples obviously stood by Gu Mingprofound’s side, and continuously shouted, to help Gu Mingprofound increase his aura.

"These little bastards, I will kill all of you sooner or later." A bronze glow suddenly flashed across Chen Xiang’s eyes, the incantation appeared in the whites of his eyes, but no one saw it.

If he were to strip his clothes now, he would definitely be able to clearly see that his skin was glowing with many bronze-colored incantations, bringing him great power.

The anger in Chen Xiang’s heart grew even stronger as the voices of the inner sect disciples who were trying to overturn the situation echoed in the air. The Six Realms mirrors was grabbed by one of his hands and started to tremble.

Suddenly, the Six Realms mirrors started to tremble, and released a faint bronze color. Gu Mingprofound’s face changed, he thought that Chen Xiang was about to attack, but who knew that after Chen Xiang’s low roar, the Six Realms mirrors would actually be shattered by him!

The Six Realms mirrors that people were so envious of just a moment ago was crushed just like that! Everyone was dumbstruck. That was a powerful divine tool.

After the Six Realms mirrors shattered into a few pieces, it turned into a bronze colored mist during its descent onto the ground. The mist floated upwards and came into contact with Chen Xiang, and gradually disappeared.

"Impossible!" Lei Yichen roared from inside the blue light screen. He knew how strong the Six Realms mirrors was, because he was the one who modified it, and the inside contained the components of the Tao-creation’s Holy stone.

Forget about the composition of the Tao-creation s, just the added Crystal emperor s were not something that could be casually crushed!

Everyone was dumbstruck. Such a powerful divine tool was actually shattered by the pinch, they suspected that Chen Xiang purposely destroyed the Six Realms mirrors, not wanting to land in Gu Mingprofound’s hands. It was because Gu Mingprofound loved this divine tool so much that his eyes almost burned with anger.

"You ... You actually destroyed such a good divine tool. " Gu Mingprofound almost roared.

The blood in Chen Xiang’s body had already turned bronze, and there were many incantations inside. These were the incantations left behind by the Six Realms mirrors turning into bronze mist just now.

The Six Realms mirrors had truly become one with him now.

A sharp-eyed person could see that the back of his hands had bronze-coloured incantations, which made them look like tattoos.

Only now did Chen Xiang finally understand how strong the bronze energy was!

Bang!

Suddenly, his Heavenly magic sword also shattered, turning into mist and entering his body. At this moment, he was already unarmed!

When the Six Realms mirrors fused with his body, the Red fire dragon’s power could enter his body more directly, and the ancient bronze gong part of the Six Realms mirrors had also merged with his body, causing his blood and bones to become bronze colored.

"What kind of guy is Gu Tong exactly? "To think that his broken ancient bronze gong would be so powerful, giving me such power." Chen Xiang could feel his blood boiling.

Gu Mingprofound saw that Chen Xiang’s eyes were like that of a falcon’s, his fists clenched tightly as he stood there, the veins on his forehead were popping out with a faint green light aura, making him look a little strange.

"Acting pretentiously, you destroyed a divine tool, yet you have such a complacent look on your face. Go to hell." Gu Mingprofound was enraged, he roared and his robes danced wildly, red flames surging out from his body. His white hair was wrapped in blood colored flames, the Ancient fire madness was releasing blood colored ancient flames, causing his flames to become even fiercer.

"Come on, you shameless old ass." The corner of Chen Xiang’s mouth raised slightly, revealing a disdainful smile.

The first issue of this book came from 17K, so the first thing I’ll do is to look at the original content!

inclusion = " /fragment/6/3236.html ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidc; padding: 15px20px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {mardin-left: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tt.microsoftyahei; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; mardin-bottom: 5px;}

Scan 2D code to pay attention to 17K official WeChat, the latest chapter can also be seen on WeChat! Click on the top right corner of WeChat + sign, choose add friends, search public number "wap17k" to pay attention to us. Reply to "Big Awards + your qq number" for participation in the event. 10 iphone6, ten thousand qq members waiting for you!