Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

When Gu Mingprofound saw the smile on Chen Xiang’s face, he was enraged and used all his might to wave the sword. Instantly, the sky was covered in dense fiery clouds, and countless blood colored sword images carried along scorching hot flames as they flew towards Chen Xiang.

When everyone saw the sword images that filled the sky, they retreated, all of them were truly angered by Gu Mingprofound, but the commotion was definitely huge.

The red colored sword images continued to descend, like countless swords descending from the sky, covering Chen Xiang within.

"Without the protection of the divine tool, he will definitely die this time!"

"This should be the Leader’s strongest ten thousand Sword Blood. Last time, the Leader used this move to kill a powerful World Defying beast."

"Once Blood Shadow lands on the ground, he will be reborn. He will be like a target that can be pierced through."

The place Chen Xiang was standing at was already shrouded by the blood colored sword shadows, everyone thought that Chen Xiang was definitely going to die.

The people of Fierce Saber Race and Soul River Divine Race felt their hearts ache, because if Chen Xiang died, they wouldn’t be able to get any more Crystal emperor.

Qin Shuang’s heart was bleeding. She could not go and save Chen Xiang!

"Humph!" Chen Xiang let out a cold snort. The surrounding blood colored sword images were immediately scattered, turning into a blood mist and flying into the sky.

Chen Xiang was not dead, and was even standing there perfectly fine. It could even be said that he was not even slightly injured.

Gu Mingprofound’s face was full of disbelief, his mouth was wide open, he did not believe that this was real.

Those people who were continuously praising Gu Mingprofound’s technique were like they had eaten a fly. They looked at how confident they were in’s words, but now, he was completely fine.

"Impossible!" After Gu Mingprofound became startled, he could not help but shout out.

Chen Xiang had merged with a Six Realms mirrors, so his body was that of a Six Realms mirrors, capable of absorbing all types of energy.

"Let me see what’s even more impossible." Chen Xiang suddenly dodged, and instantly teleported to Gu Mingprofound’s back.

He never thought that Chen Xiang would actually be able to control the power of space. He had seen it from the main hall just now, and it was just that when the battle was going on, his aura was very ’chaotic’ and he was unable to sense it, so he thought that Chen Xiang had used some kind of strange movement skill.

Now, after fighting with Chen Xiang, he finally knew that Chen Xiang was using the power of space. Above Myriad Tao, this was an extremely difficult law to grasp, unless one could find the fusion of spatial Madness soul from above World Defying Stage Soul River and transform them into a saint.

Everyone felt that it was unbelievable that Chen Xiang was so fast. They didn’t understand why Chen Xiang had suddenly appeared behind Gu Mingprofound.

Gu Mingprofound was truly an old man, his reaction was fast and timely. The moment Chen Xiang disappeared, his body naturally made all sorts of dodging movements, avoiding Chen Xiang’s sudden punch, he kept walking forward, maintaining a distance from Chen Xiang, and then slashed a few times at Chen Xiang, releasing the strongest Blood Fire Sword Qi.

The Sword Qi of the Blood Fire flew out, as though it could reap millions of lives, bringing with it a tragic aura of death, which was accompanied by a ferocious flame Qi that madly attacked Chen Xiang.

"Sword Qi of the Blood Fire, Chen Xiang is dead for sure!" An elder said.

Just as he finished speaking, Chen Xiang swung his fists, punching at the Sword Qi again and again, exploding a burst of Sword Qi, and with a few punches, the few Sword Qi that looked very strong were exploded by Chen Xiang’s berserk fist, exploding like fireworks.

Seeing that, Gu Mingprofound was completely dumbstruck, he knew very well how strong his blood fire sword qi was, the eight great elders were also very clear, not to mention Chen Xiang, even they did not dare to casually take him down.

But Chen Xiang only used a pair of ’flesh fists’ and it directly exploded!

Everyone swallowed their saliva. Everything that happened in front of him made them feel like they were hallucinating. The blood fire sword qi that Gu Mingprofound was so proud of had actually exploded just like that. What was most unbelievable was that Chen Xiang was just a person who had just stepped into the Aoshi Holy Stage.

"Old Lei, do you know what’s going on? This little brat suddenly became very strange. " The old woman also had a face full of shock.

"I don’t know, he doesn’t have any Qi on his body, the energy is coming from his body, he is releasing it freely, it is hard to feel. But when he punched out earlier, I could feel a trace of it, the energy is very special, it is like the energy of an angry beast, this guy has a World Defying beast." Lei Bingyun frowned and said, "I don’t know what kind of World Defying beast they are, but their strength is actually this terrifying."

Qin Shuang thought of Chen Xiang’s Red fire dragon, but she felt that it was impossible to make Chen Xiang become so terrifying!

Gu Mingprofound did not believe what he saw, and flew over. His movement technique released a streak of blood lightning, flashing to Chen Xiang’s side, and struck towards Chen Xiang’s neck.

When the Blood fire sword approached Chen Xiang’s neck, it even released streaks of blood colored lightning fire that flashed, causing its power to become berserk and full of destructive power.

"Brat, let me show you the divine sword refined by the Tao-creation Holy stone." Gu Mingprofound bellowed, he increased his strength, and an imposing Qi surged out of his body.

"I’ve seen it, it’s just so-so!"

Chen Xiang reached out and grabbed with his hand, frowning. Veins popped out on his forehead and a bronze light flickered in his eyes. What was terrifying was that his hand seemed to have turned into bronze and it flickered with light.

Gu Mingprofound’s Blood fire sword was caught, he stared at Chen Xiang’s hand, and saw the bronze coloured incantation on it. Gu Mingprofound’s face suddenly changed, and was filled with fear.

"That is ..." Lei Bingyun also saw it.

"Tao-creation Incantation, Annihilate Bronze!" The old woman was scared, "Why would such a power appear on this young man?"

Chen Xiang held the Blood fire sword tightly. Sensing the strength of the Blood fire sword, the divine weapon refined by the Tao-creation Holy stone was indeed extraordinary.

Chen Xiang’s palm cut off Gu Mingprofound’s wrist like cutting a lotus root. He had already snatched away the Blood fire sword, he simply kept it in the You Yao Mountain Villa, and let Feng Ke’er seal it.

Gu Mingprofound was at the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, his body was extremely tough, his Blood fire sword s were even refined using Tao-creation Holy stone s, and now that was able to grab onto the Blood fire sword with his bare hands, he broke his wrist with Chen Xiang’s palm!

A person who had just stepped into the Aoshi Holy Stage actually possessed such power. This was beyond the imagination of everyone! 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

The thing that shocked Chen Xiang the most was the eight great elders. Chen Xiang’s current strength was enough to suppress Gu Mingprofound.

"Gu Mingprofound, I’ll make you act arrogantly, turn black into white, you think that because you possess great power, you can bully me and take my things. Today, I will make you understand the consequences of going against me, Chen Xiang."

Chen Xiang’s angry voice was like a sharp blade, bringing about an endless amount of resentment. His palm glowed with green light, and instantly pierced into Gu Mingprofound’s chest, creating a hole there. He then slapped Gu Mingprofound’s face, and only saw a blood-red sword image flying out.

"That’s Gu Mingprofound’s proud Sacred Sword Soul, he was actually struck out!" Lei Bingyun cried out in alarm. He had never expected things to develop to this point.

...