Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

After the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul had been fused, it had become a Holy Spirit and had already merged with the body of the Divine Sense Sea, but now, Gu Mingprofound had been sent flying out of the body with a slap from Chen Xiang.

Obtaining a World Defying Stage Fierce Soul that he was satisfied with wasn’t easy. Now that someone had managed to do it, he couldn’t help but feel heartache.

When Gu Mingprofound separated from the Holy Soul just now, he also felt that intense pain, as if his soul was being pulled out of his body. It was incomparably painful, and he couldn’t figure out how Chen Xiang did it.

After his divine soul was destroyed, Gu Mingprofound’s strength had greatly decreased, he was only at the middle stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, so Chen Xiang could clearly feel that Gu Mingprofound’s aura had weakened by a lot.

Gu Mingprofound had been struck senseless. He had lost a lot of World Defying holy soul, and he had lost a lot of Blood fire sword as well.

"I’ll beat you to death for pretending. Wouldn’t it be great if I let you run away?" I must chase after him and not let him go, f * ck you. " As Chen Xiang cursed angrily, both fists continuously landed on Gu Mingprofound’s face. The bronze multicolored light on his fists continuously flashed, and wave after wave of berserk power was released from his fists.

"Little bastard, stop!" An elder roared. If Gu Mingprofound was finished, then their Ancient Fire Divine Sect would really lose a lot of face. For a dignified Leader to be beaten up like a dead dog, it would definitely be bad news.

"Bastard, let go of our Leader."

"Our Leader is in a bad state, that’s why we were set up by you. Stop it right now."

"He must have used some tricks, this despicable man."

Gu Mingprofound felt that he was unlucky, if the group of bastards did not provoke him, he would not suffer so much. But now that he could not even speak, it was as if Chen Xiang and him had a deep grudge in the mouth, and he could only violently beat him up.

Indeed, because Gu Mingprofound had always turned black and white and said that the Six Realms mirrors was his and the other’s, completely infuriated him. Now that Chen Xiang had obtained such a great power and had such a good opportunity, he would definitely smash Gu Mingprofound’s mouth.

The more Chen Xiang beat them up, the more Chen Xiang raged in his heart while shouting at the group of bastards watching him. They were cursing him as if they were cursing him to hurry up and beat him to death.

never thought that the bronze energy within the Six Realms mirrors would actually be so terrifying, causing his power to be comparable to the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage. He was still a little worried, because this kind of forceful increase in strength would definitely cause a lot of harm to his body, and had even increased it by so much.

Gu Mingprofound had already been beaten up so badly by the furious Chen Xiang that his father would not be able to recognize him anymore.

"This guy’s skin is not that thick. He was beaten to death even like this." Chen Xiang gasped for breath, Gu Mingprofound’s strength was still strong, his physical body was not destroyed by Chen Xiang.

"I’ve won. According to our agreement, you all will let me go." Chen Xiang said: "Quickly remove the barrier."

Right now, both of his fists were still glowing with a bronze glow, the Tao-creation’s incantation was still on top of it, and his strength had not faded.

Chen Xiang could not kill Gu Mingprofound, if not the blood contract would lose its effect, the eight great elders would not care about the blood contract and would immediately attack him, and if the eight great elders took action now, Gu Mingprofound would definitely die.

Although Gu Mingprofound’s World Defying holy soul was beaten out, Chen Xiang was unable to take it away. It could only temporarily leave Gu Mingprofound’s body and weaken his strength.

Right now, the World Defying holy soul had returned to Gu Mingprofound’s body. However, Gu Mingprofound’s injuries were more severe, and could still be healthy again after lying down for a while.

The eight Great Elders were helpless, they could only take out an array disc. This was the legendary Bloody Wind Island that was able to teleport Chen Xiang to the outside world.

"That was the Tao-creation’s Incantation just now. How did he grasp that? Back then, even Gu Tong could only grasp a tiny bit of it, but his entire body is made up of those things. " Lei Bingyun said.

"I don’t know. That bronze divine tool that he had was clearly not forged by Gu Tong. It is very likely to be a Tao-creation divine tool that was naturally formed ..." The old woman was still shocked.

After Chen Xiang saw that the Transmission array had been set up, he looked towards the Fierce Saber Race and the elders.

"Chen Xiang, one day, I will tear your corpse into ten thousand pieces."

"Take away our Crystal emperor. Don’t think about getting better in the future."

"Just you wait!"

"You’re lucky today. If you’re able to escape this calamity, then things won’t be so easy next time." Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"What are you looking at? Hurry up and f * ck off. Are you going to thank us for letting you go?"

The people of Fierce Saber Race and Soul River Divine Race were all very angry as they mocked and ridiculed Chen Xiang.

Just as Chen Xiang was about to walk into the Transmission array and hear these guys clamoring, the anger that was just suppressed in his heart suddenly rose.

"You talk too much!"

In his fury, Chen Xiang had teleported over and used Gu Mingprofound’s Blood fire sword to sweep across the area. The heads of the Fierce Saber Race and the group of Soul River Divine Race were all chopped off under his one sword strike.

Many of them wanted to take the opportunity to curse Chen Xiang fiercely before Chen Xiang left, but now they did not even dare to fart, as they were extremely afraid. They were worried that Chen Xiang would come over with his sword and cut them all down like cutting grass.

"This is what happens when you don’t have the strength." Chen Xiang snorted, he walked into the Transmission array arrogantly, and then shouted loudly: "Hurry up and activate the Transmission array, you group of loyal old servants, behave!"

The eight great elders were on the verge of exploding with rage as they activated their Transmission array to send Chen Xiang, the god of pests, away.

Seeing that Chen Xiang left safely, Lei Yichen was relieved, his face was full of smiles. After all, Chen Xiang was his disciple and he was so powerful.

Qin Shuang’s anxious heart calmed down. Chen Xiang had once again shocked her, and only she knew Chen Xiang’s background. She also thought of the mysterious ancient bronze gong that they had found in the Blood Wind Fire Sea.

After Chen Xiang left, those disciples saw their Leader being carried away like a dead dog, their hearts filled with joy, they really wanted to scold Chen Xiang fiercely, but they were worried that Chen Xiang would appear out of nowhere and kill him, so they could only hold it in.

The Ancient Fire Divine Sect really cared about face. The eight elders severely warned the spectating inner disciples that they should not speak vulgarly and that if they were found out that today’s matter was leaked, they would be severely punished.

The ones who suffered the most were the Fierce Saber Race and the Soul River Divine Race. They had all been wiped out by Chen Xiang, and every time they died, they were in a group of seconds. They died in a pitiful manner, even the spectators felt that their deaths were pitiful.

Chen Xiang was teleported to the Bloody Wind Island. Seeing the cities that the Fierce Saber Race and the Soul River Divine Race had built here, he immediately threw out the Tianchuang furnace and smashed it down ruthlessly. The city that was just built was instantly thrown into chaos and was easily destroyed by Chen Xiang.

The first issue of this book came from 17K, so the first thing I’ll do is to look at the original content!

inclusion = " /fragment/6/3236.html ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidc; padding: 15px20px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {mardin-left: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tt.microsoftyahei; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; mardin-bottom: 5px;}

Scan 2D code to pay attention to 17K official WeChat, the latest chapter can also be seen on WeChat! Click on the top right corner of WeChat + sign, choose add friends, search public number "wap17k" to pay attention to us. Reply to "Big Awards + your qq number" for participation in the event. 10 iphone6, ten thousand qq members waiting for you!