Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang entered the Blood Wind Fire Sea and returned to his original form. The Six Realms mirrors flew and rolled in the sea of fire while he screamed in pain inside the Six Realms mirrors.

"Damn it, I’m going to die from the pain!" Chen Xiang kept rolling on the ground and after that power was withdrawn, the pain spread bit by bit, and gradually increased. It was so painful that he could only roll and shout.

"This must be the side effect!" Feng Ke’er said: "Looks like next time don’t be like this. If you use it a few more times, maybe you’ll become crippled."

Feng Ke’er came out from the You Yao Mountain Villa to check on Chen Xiang’s injuries. He was shocked because the bones in Chen Xiang’s body had cracks on them, and he almost broke into pieces.

She hastily asked the Mei Jing Sisters and the others to release their power of regeneration, stabilizing Chen Xiang’s injuries and alleviating the negative effects of the power. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

If not for the Mei Jing Sisters’s vast power of regeneration, Chen Xiang’s body might have already broken into pieces.

"There’s no need for that next time." Chen Xiang gasped for breath after the pain subsided.

"Your Six Realms mirrors is already different. The power inside is very special, next time you need to resist that power, or just let your Red fire dragon come out and fight. If you absorb it yourself, it will be too painful." Feng Ke’er said.

The Six Realms mirrors stopped in the middle of the Blood Wind Fire Sea. In this vast sea of flames, Chen Xiang was safe.

"I still reaped a great harvest this time." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Ancient fire madness, Blood fire sword, these are all good stuff, I just don’t know if you can completely control them." Feng Ke’er said.

"It doesn’t matter if I can’t control it. I just need to sell it. I’m about to absorb my Tao-creation’s Holy stone anyway." Chen Xiang did not care about this anymore, he just wanted to make Gu Mingprofound vomit blood after stealing the Blood fire sword.

If Gu Mingprofound knew what he was thinking, he would have spat out at least two buckets of blood.

"I have to hurry and get better. I need to go up World Defying Stage Soul River to find the World Defying holy dragon. This guy must have been sold by Ancient Fire Divine Sect." Chen Xiang had always cared about this matter.

Initially, he had asked Lei Yichen to bring him to the World Defying Stage Soul River, but after such a thing suddenly happened, he could only do it himself.

"What a pity, before I can obtain any benefits from Master, I have to leave Ancient Fire Divine Sect." Chen Xiang thought of Lei Yichen and felt a little regretful.

Lei Yichen, who had always been worried about Chen Xiang, would definitely kick his disciple away if he found out.

"Sigh, there’s also the beautiful Xiao Shuangshuang, I don’t think I have gained anything from her, truly a big loss." Chen Xiang was even more regretful. The granddaughter of the Super Yang Old Ancestor, Qin Shuang, had initially been ice-cold to him, but now, she worshipped him greatly.

Feng Ke’er rolled his eyes at Chen Xiang: "You heartless fellow, you always have this crooked thought towards girls."

"I want to go to the World Defying Stage Soul River, but before that, I need to capture some of the Tao-creation’s Holy stone." Chen Xiang said smilingly: "Xiao Ke’er, where is that stone needle of yours?"

"Let’s talk about it after you’ve recovered!" Feng Ke’er snorted.

Chen Xiang’s injuries recovered very slowly, they took an entire month to heal. Right now, he was holding Feng Ke’er’s golden needle and searching for the Tao-creation’s Holy stone in the sea of fire.

After more than ten days of searching, he had only found a small grain. However, the golden needle was no longer useful, and it was always spinning randomly.

"There probably aren’t any more Tao-creation Holy stone here. Let’s go, let’s take a look at the higher ups of the World Defying Stage Soul River." Feng Ke’er said.

Now that the problem was, Chen Xiang didn’t know how to get to the World Defying Stage Soul River!

"Where is the World Defying Stage Soul River? "What exactly is it?" Chen Xiang was very curious about this. "Damn it, I actually don’t know how I should get there. If I knew earlier, I would have asked Master."

There was no choice, Chen Xiang could only go to the Heaven Fire City.

Only Qin Shuang and Wang Dao would be able to understand the markings on Heaven Fire City. If they were to come here and see the markings, they would know that Chen Xiang was here.

Chen Xiang planned to wait here for a while. If Qin Shuang and Wang Dao did not come, he would erase his secret record and go to other places to find out how to head to World Defying Stage Soul River.

He asked around in the Heaven Fire City for a while before he found out that it was not easy to go there. Even the disciples of the Fierce Saber Race s and Soul River Divine Race s here had to pass through a very strict examination if they wanted to go there.

This was because there were a large number of World Defying Stage Fierce Soul above the World Defying Stage Soul River. Once a person enters the World Defying Stage Soul River, it would be very easy to obtain those World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, and if there were too many people going there, the number of World Defying Stage Fierce Soul would gradually decrease.

As a result, the gate to the World Defying Stage Soul River was strictly controlled and there were many experts guarding it.

Furthermore, Chen Xiang had also heard that if one was very strong, then it would be very easy for them to head to the World Defying Stage Soul River. Furthermore, Chen Xiang had also heard that if one was strong, and had very high standing, it would be very easy to head to the World Defying Stage Soul River.

Chen Xiang who was patiently waiting in his room suddenly heard someone knocking on his door. His heart was in ecstasy as he quickly opened the door.

After opening the door, and seeing that it was the Half-ghost Old Man, Chen Xiang who was originally full of happiness, suddenly had a face of "Go to hell".

"Damn brat, what kind of expression is that?" "Why does it feel like I’ve seen a ghost when I see me?" Wang Dao had an unhappy expression as he walked in cursing.

Chen Xiang originally thought that Qin Shuang had come, and was looking forward to teasing this beauty.

"Didn’t you say you were going to travel around? It’s only been a few days and you’ve already returned here. You’re going swimming, right? " Chen Xiang said snappily.

"It’s not fun outside, so I’m back." Wang Dao sighed. "I wanted to go to Paradise to take a look, but I have no way. I had no choice but to come back here."

The paradise that Wang Dao spoke of, was also known as the World Defying Stage Soul River.

Hearing Wang Dao say that, Chen Xiang became even more disappointed, because he also wanted to go, to the point where even Wang Dao could not do anything about it.

"Is there nothing I can do? How about we barge in? " Chen Xiang asked.

"That won’t do, there are at least ten old fellows at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage guarding that place. Just as they approached, they turned them into dust." Wang Dao said, "But I heard that as long as I can pay the Myriad Tao Divine Soil’s Crystals, I can pass."

"My Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals were all artificially refined." Chen Xiang shook his head.

"Yes, he only needs to be naturally formed." Wang Dao frowned and said, "100 million jins in, I wonder how many batches of pills I’ll have to concoct to reach that level."

Selling pellets could earn a large amount of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, and Chen Xiang’s pellets could condense Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pills and Aohun holy Dan s. However, after thinking about it for a bit, this was not realistic.

Ancient Fire Divine Sect of the Ancient Fire Divine Sect couldn’t wait to stew him to eat, he must be everywhere looking for him.

The first issue of this book came from 17K, so the first thing I’ll do is to look at the original content!

inclusion = " /fragment/6/3236.html ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidc; padding: 15px20px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {mardin-left: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tt.microsoftyahei; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; mardin-bottom: 5px;}

Scan 2D code to pay attention to 17K official WeChat, the latest chapter can also be seen on WeChat! Click on the top right corner of WeChat + sign, choose add friends, search public number "wap17k" to pay attention to us. Reply to "Big Awards + your qq number" for participation in the event. 10 iphone6, ten thousand qq members waiting for you!