Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Even if they sold pellets, they would need a long time to do so. By then, even the bones of World Defying holy dragon would have all been eaten.

Wang Dao saw that Chen Xiang was thinking left and right, but he did not have a choice, and laughed: "I suddenly thought of a way, I have a way, but you refused to go, but I do not care."

"What method?" Chen Xiang was very curious.

"There are geniuses and treasures in the World Defying Stage Soul River, there are a lot of resources, and there are some big powers there. In order to mine faster, they would accept a few strong people and make a blood contract with them, as long as you work for them for a period of time, you can bring them to the World Defying Stage Soul River." Wang Dao drank a mouthful of tea and said, "This is what a friend of mine told me."

"Half-ghost Old Man, do you really want to go? How can you be so despicable? You are selling yourself off to be a slave. You can’t be so lacking in dignity ... Okay, how long will it take to sell? I want to try. " After saying that, Chen Xiang’s attitude also changed.

Wang Dao disdainfully looked at Chen Xiang, "Selling it for around ten years or so, but it’s going to be a bit tough on you, a youngster like yourself might not be able to handle it, so it’s best that you don’t go."

"Alright, stop thinking about it. I’ll be leaving first."

With that, Wang Dao left.

Chen Xiang felt that he could endure for another ten years. It was just that he had to find a World Defying holy dragon first when the time came.

After Wang Dao left, Chen Xiang anxiously walked around the room. He did not know how he could proceed towards the World Defying Stage Soul River.

Two days later, there was another knock on the door. Chen Xiang lazily opened it and asked impatiently: "What are you doing here again?"

After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he smelt a familiar fragrance. This was the smell of Qin Shuang’s body, Chen Xiang was extremely familiar with it.

"What is it? You hate me just because I haven’t seen you for a few days? Did you look down on me after beating Gu Mingprofound up? " Qin Shuang scolded.

"No no, I thought it was Half-ghost Old Man!" Chen Xiang laughed brilliantly. "Xiao Shuangshuang, I missed you so much, I thought that it would be great to be able to see the beautiful you again, even if I had to live a few years less than I was willing to."

"You talker, let’s talk inside!" Qin Shuang snorted, and pushed Chen Xiang in.

"Why are you in such a hurry?" Chen Xiang laughed as he rubbed his hands.

"Bastard, you’re getting more and more impudent. If you have the strength, then you’re going to turn bad." Qin Shuang rolled her eyes at him. Her jade face was covered in frost.

Chen Xiang immediately told her to sit and poured some tea for her.

"When you came, were you followed?!" Chen Xiang was a little worried.

"Don’t worry, I’m not that stupid." Qin Shuang took a sip of tea. Now that she saw that Chen Xiang was fine, she was relieved.

She was worried about Chen Xiang previously, because Chen Xiang’s strength had suddenly risen sharply and he would definitely have to pay a price. This was what her grandmother had told her, but who knew that this brat would actually be so full of thoughts about her.

"Xiao Shuangshuang, you came looking for me in such a hurry, did you miss me too?" Chen Xiang chuckled: "We really have the same heart!"

"Who’s thinking of you, stop talking nonsense." Qin Shuang coldly snorted and said: "I just want to see if you, this scoundrel, is completely dead."

Chen Xiang crossed his legs, drank his tea, and laughed: "How can I die so easily? Oh right, did my master send any message to me? "

Qin Shuang nodded: "Yes, he told you not to go to World Defying Stage Soul River. Fierce Saber Race and Soul River Divine Race already know that you killed many of their experts.

"What are you afraid of? How could I be so easily found by them?" Chen Xiang’s face did not seem to mind: "Am I not fine here? Moreover, how could the World Defying Stage Soul River be so easy to get to? The reason why Half-ghost Old Man is selling himself now is so we can go to World Defying Stage Soul River. "

"The World Defying Stage Soul River is different from this place, it is very easy for them to find you up there, because there is no way to hide your presence up there, it is very easy for those experts to track your aura, the sample of your power aura has already been sent up there."

Qin Shuang also did not agree with Chen Xiang going to the World Defying Stage Soul River.

"Xiao Shuangshuang, don’t forget, the big size World Defying holy dragon is up there, and you have helped us out before. This fellow is honest and straightforward, but was sold out by the Ancient Fire Divine Sect, allowing him to go to the World Defying Stage Soul River. and the Soul River Divine Race both know that the World Defying holy dragon have the Tao-creation Holy Crystals.

These words caused Qin Shuang to frown as she thought deeply.

Although she was a woman, she was still a loyal person. World Defying holy dragon treated them well, and the moment they entered the Ancient Fire Divine Sect, they were arranged to be on top of the World Defying Stage Soul River. It was obvious that the Fierce Saber Race and the group of Soul River Divine Race had encouraged the Ancient Fire Divine Sect to do so.

No matter what happened with the World Defying holy dragon above, Chen Xiang had to make a trip.

"Xiao Shuangshuang, do you have a way to go up?" Chen Xiang asked.

"There is a way... It’s just that I need to use a Crystal emperor. " Qin Shuang sighed, she had already agreed to let Chen Xiang go to World Defying Stage Soul River.

"It’s fine, I can refine anything like Crystal emperor." Chen Xiang chuckled.

"Alright, I know that my grandfather has an ancient Transmission array here. To be able to teleport to the World Defying Stage Soul River, he would need at least three Crystal emperor to open it." Qin Shuang said.

"No problem!"

In the remaining time, Chen Xiang was in the You Yao Mountain Villa, using the Time Domain to quickly refine Crystal emperor s, mainly using the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals to refine them, and this required a lot of time.

A month had passed and Chen Xiang had successfully refined four pieces of Crystal emperor.

"Oh yeah, do you know what happened the last time you fought against Gu Mingprofound?" Qin Shuang asked.

"I don’t know, you know?" Chen Xiang was also very curious about that kind of situation.

"You have fused with the mysterious Tao-creation Incantation." Qin Shuang said: "My grandmother said, the Tao-creation’s Incantation was in its earliest days, condensing all kinds of incantations with great Dao powers. These are the first incantations that appeared, thus they are extremely powerful and mysterious. Qin Shuang said.

"How do I use the Tao-creation’s Incantation?" Chen Xiang didn’t understand the Tao-creation’s incantation at all.

"Grandmother said that adding a little bit into the process of refining a pill will make you very powerful." Qin Shuang said: "Give it a try if you can control the Tao-creation’s Incantation and use your power to write the Tao-creation’s Incantation."

Chen Xiang nodded his head, "Alright, let’s go to World Defying Stage Soul River now!"

"You can go by yourself, the Transmission array can only send one person at a time, I want to accompany Grandma. She said that Grandpa will come back to find her." Qin Shuang shook his head: "When I become stronger, I will come and find you."

Qin Shuang brought Chen Xiang to the Transmission array, and on the way there, they constantly warned Chen Xiang about various things. They were like a little wife, causing Chen Xiang’s heart to feel warm.

Before he left, the usually ice-cold Qin Shuang actually kissed Chen Xiang on the lips. She had originally only intended to kiss him, but Chen Xiang was very generous.

In the end, Qin Shuang flushed face, scolded, and warned all sorts of things as she watched Chen Xiang teleport away.

The first issue of this book came from 17K, so the first thing I’ll do is to look at the original content! Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

inclusion = " /fragment/6/3236.html ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidc; padding: 15px20px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {mardin-left: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tt.microsoftyahei; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; mardin-bottom: 5px;}

Scan 2D code to pay attention to 17K official WeChat, the latest chapter can also be seen on WeChat! Click on the top right corner of WeChat + sign, choose add friends, search public number "wap17k" to pay attention to us. Reply to "Big Awards + your qq number" for participation in the event. 10 iphone6, ten thousand qq members waiting for you!