Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

After the opening of the Transmission array, Chen Xiang arrived at the top of the World Defying Stage Soul River.

"It really is a river!" Chen Xiang could only see a very wide and long river in front of him. It was just that the water in the river was black, with many dots of light in the river, it was the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul.

"Is this the first level World Defying Stage Soul River?" Chen Xiang raised his head and looked into the sky, only to see an even higher sky with a belt of light spanning across it, and that was the World Defying Stage Soul River of the second floor, high up in the sky.

There might not be a lot of people above World Defying Stage Soul River, but those that could make it here were all very strong. Qin Shuang had told him before to be extra careful.

"Let’s see where the World Defying holy dragon is." Chen Xiang took out the dragon’s scale, spun in place, and searched for the direction of the World Defying holy dragon. After he found a direction, the dragon’s scale lit up.

The light emitted by the dragon’s scale was not bad, which meant that the World Defying holy dragon was in a very good state right now.

"Not bad!" Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief. When he was down there previously, he couldn’t see the light emitted from this piece of dragon’s scale.

Feng Ke’er was very curious, and said: "The two sides of the World Defying Stage Soul River’s river is very spacious, looks like it’s a small world, I wonder what’s on both sides of the river."

Chen Xiang was currently very close to the World Defying Stage Soul River. He could see that there were trees on both sides of the river and there were many World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s in the river. However, when he got closer, he realized that it was not easy to capture those World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s.

"What’s going on? Could it be that my spirit has already gone to visit the world’s soul? is the river different from this one? " Chen Xiang was very suspicious, although he could see many specks of light in the river, but he was unable to fish it out, even using his spirit was not possible.

Now he finally understood why the people from the Fierce Saber Race and Soul River Divine Race had said that their people were above the World Defying Stage Soul River, but it was not easy to obtain the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul.

He guessed that when he was still above the Myriad Tao, his consciousness could go to the central region of the World Defying Stage Soul River, where there were the most World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, and while he was at the shore of the World Defying Stage Soul River, even though he saw World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, he saw that extremely weak World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, which basically had no value.

If he wanted to find the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, he would have to dive into the river to search.

"I wonder if there’s any danger down there." Chen Xiang really wanted to try, but he had something important he needed to find the World Defying holy dragon.

Qin Shuang didn’t really understand World Defying Stage Soul River, so he couldn’t get much information from her mouth.

"I can only ask someone." Chen Xiang had heard Wang Dao say before that there were a lot of resources on it.

He walked towards the direction of the World Defying holy dragon, there was no need for him to cross the river, otherwise there would be some trouble, it would be impossible to fly here, and even if he used his spatial energy, he could not teleport to the other side of the river, the river surface was too wide.

He was also a bit afraid of swimming over because the river was pitch-black and unspeakably eerie.

Chen Xiang quickly passed through a patch of forest. When he passed by, he realized that there were many dots of light floating in the forest, all of them were World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s.

"The World Defying Stage Fierce Soul can also go ashore!" Chen Xiang felt that this was extremely novel.

After passing through the forest, he suddenly saw a few people resting at the foot of a mountain. He did not know who they were, and the group of people had noticed him and were waving at him.

"Brat, come here. Don’t be afraid, we won’t eat you." The one who spoke was a middle-aged man wearing a set of black armor. He was leaning against a rock and drinking wine.

Chen Xiang walked over with great vigilance.

Amongst the four of them, one was middle-aged, one was an old man, and the other two were women. The other one was ice-cold, and was wearing a set of black tight clothes. Its figure was extremely hot, and when Chen Xiang walked over, he merely shot a cold glance at Chen Xiang.

"Kid, are you interested in joining our team?" The middle-aged man laughed: "I, Song Tianchuan, this old man is Qin Taiyu. Just call him Old Man Qin! That sweet little girl is Du Rouke, and the ice-cold one is Yu Yilan! "

"What about you?" Song Tianchuan asked.

"Chen Xiang!" Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Chen Xiang didn’t know what this small team was up to either.

Captain, this brat looks like a noob, and knows how he snuck into the World Defying Stage Soul River. Looking at his Qi, he probably just stepped into the Aoshi Holy Stage, is it appropriate for him to join our team? Qin Taiyu said.

"That’s no problem. I think he’s suitable. You should know that it’s very difficult to find someone right now. So what if he’s a noob?" Aren’t we all from Nooblet? " Song Tianchuan laughed.

"This... Uncle Song, what’s your team doing? " Chen Xiang asked.

"It’s used to hunt Fury beast. You should know what Fury beast are, right?" Seeing Chen Xiang’s expression, the sweet woman Du Rouke was a little surprised.

"I... I really don’t know. " Chen Xiang was indeed not clear.

"It’s the beasts transformed by the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, they are very strong, and this kind of Fury beast knows how to eat and cultivate, once we kill one of them, we can exchange it for Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals." Song Tianchuan said.

"Then, where are you heading?" I’m going over there now! " Chen Xiang pointed in a direction, because the World Defying holy dragon was over there.

"We are also going there. There are Fury beast over there." Song Tianchuan laughed: "Join us. With the four of us here, you just need to stand at the side and watch. When the time comes, we will share some of the benefits with you."

"Alright, I’ll join!" Song Tianchuan was already so passionate, Chen Xiang did not want to refuse. It would be safer to know a few things when being with them.

Song Tianchuan looked at the other three members.

"Whatever. Captain, if you say there’s no problem, then there’s no problem." Old Man Qin did not object.

"This little guy is quite handsome, quite simple and honest. It’s not bad that he joined us." Du Rouke squinted her eyes like crescent moons, smiling sweetly.

Chen Xiang thought to himself, you little girl, how can you be any bigger than me, to actually call me a little fellow.

The cold-faced beauty with the voluptuous figure did not say anything. It could be said that she had tacitly agreed.

Until now, Yu Yilan still hadn’t said a single word. Even though she didn’t speak, she looked at Chen Xiang with a face full of disdain, which made Chen Xiang feel extremely unhappy.

"Child, how did you come to the World Defying Stage Soul River?" Du Rouke was extremely curious, and asked with a sweet and tender voice.

Call me child? I’m taller than you, bigger than you, you don’t look much older! Chen Xiang was speechless.

Chen Xiang sighed helplessly. "He sold himself for fifteen years, helped people dig out fifteen years of stones before finally regaining his freedom."

Everyone secretly nodded because many people used this method to sell themselves to the Old Man Qin. Those days were indeed bitter, and it made him feel touched.

"Then what do you specialize in?" Du Rouke asked again.

"I’m good at... "Run." Chen Xiang thought about it and said.