Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

This was indeed what Chen Xiang was best at. If he wasn’t good at this, he would have died a long time ago.

Du Rouke laughed, "Stop messing around. Let me ask you, when you were fighting, which aspect did you specialize in?"

"Cheap Shot!" Chen Xiang said in all seriousness.

"So dirty!" Du Rouke suddenly thought that Chen Xiang was very interesting, "Other than sneak attacks? What other attacks are they good at? "

"Face smacking!" Chen Xiang said again, this was indeed something that he was very good at. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Du Rouke was startled, then laughed and asked.

"Where are your weapons?"

"Sword!" Chen Xiang said.

"Can you show me your sword?" The question that Du Rouke asked was also one that the group was more concerned about. After all, Chen Xiang was a new member, they wanted to get to the bottom of this matter with Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang took out his Heavenly magic sword.

"He looks pretty ordinary!" Du Rouke laughed.

"Then can Sister Du give me a good one?" Chen Xiang scratched his head and laughed.

"Little fellow, you’ve just joined the party and you want to take advantage of big sister. Little Slick." Du Rouke chuckled: "I’ll give it to you the next time I get something good!"

"Stingy." Chen Xiang muttered.

Du Rouke said snappily: "There really is nothing better than this sword in my hands .... Okay, next time if you get something good, I will give it to you. Be good. "Angry."

"Do you often steal things?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Occasionally, when we see a big fat sheep, we’ll start eating." Du Rouke laughed with her sweet voice.

Chen Xiang was worried. So he had joined a bandit group, and the four of them were pretty strong, being in the middle stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, their cultivation was much higher than him.

"Let’s go, let’s hurry on our way. We have to get far away from World Defying Stage Soul River before nightfall." Song Tianchuan’s face turned serious.

"Why? Aren’t we very far from World Defying Stage Soul River now? " Chen Xiang did not understand.

"It’s not far enough!" Song Tianchuan looked in the direction of the World Defying Stage Soul River: "When the sky turns dark, it will be time for the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul to come out and eat. You must have never seen such a scene before right?"

Chen Xiang shook his head.

"It’s best not to see that kind of scene. It will scare you to the point of peeing." Qin Taiyu laughed, "There are trillions of World Defying Stage Fierce Soul besieging you, just imagine it. A single World Defying Stage Fierce Soul only needs to absorb a little bit of your power, and you will immediately be sucked dry."

"The World Defying Stage Fierce Soul above this World Defying Stage Soul River is very scary. As long as you get a little closer to them, they would be able to absorb the energy in your body. Although it is only a tiny bit, if you add up the countless World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, you are dead." Du Rouke said: "We should hurry up and leave. When the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul comes out, it should cover this area."

The top of World Defying Stage Soul River was not as beautiful as he had imagined. If not for the fact that these people told him this, he would still be walking leisurely around here.

On the way, they ran far away from World Defying Stage Soul River. When it was night time, they had already passed through several mountain forests. At this moment, they were standing on top of a tall mountain, looking towards the distant misty dawn.

A hazy glow covered a large area of the sky. That was the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul that came from the World Defying Stage Soul River, illuminating half of the sky.

"Entering at night is a nightmare." Qin Taiyu said, "A lot of people just came here and died without understanding it."

"If I jump into the World Defying Stage Soul River, what will happen?" Chen Xiang couldn’t help but shiver because he had almost jumped into the World Defying Stage Soul River previously, so he wanted to take a look.

"Suicide!" Du Rouke only said two words.

"But... "Then how do we cross the river?" Chen Xiang took a deep breath. He almost committed suicide earlier, it was too dangerous.

"Across the river? What is on the other side of the river, no one knows. Song Tianchuan shook his head: "Many idiots were attracted by the mysterious other side, wanting to swim over, finally died in the river!"

Chen Xiang almost became this kind of idiot. Luckily he had to go find the World Defying holy dragon, otherwise, the World Defying holy dragon would have saved his life.

Normally, when they were searching for the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, they would head to the World Defying Stage Soul River with their minds and hearts, thinking that it was very weak. However, when they arrived at the World Defying Stage Soul River with their real bodies, they realized just how terrifying it was.

This was only the Madness soul of the first layer of World Defying Stage Soul River!

After resting, they continued on their way. Chen Xiang found out that they were going to a place called the Heavenly River Mountain Range. There were many Fury beast there, and many of them were there.

At daybreak, they arrived at a small city outside the Heavenly River Mountain Range. There were many teams here, and they were all either preparing to enter the mountain or just came out.

"Oh, isn’t this Song Tianchuan? After a few months of not seeing each other, your team has one more brat, huh? "It seems like he’s just a rookie. You guys sure are terrible at messing around. In order to gather more members, you even brought rookies."

"Rou Ke is still as sweet as ever."

"Yu Yilan is still the same as before, not saying a word or even smiling."

Song Tianchuan and the others seemed to be rather famous. Walking on the streets of the small city, there were people who continuously greeted them or teased them a little.

Chen Xiang also felt that it was strange, he suspected that Yu Yilan did not know how to speak. It had been so long, but Yu Yilan had not even spoken a single word!

"Uncle Song, are you guys very strong? "Why are you so famous?" Chen Xiang asked curiously.

"Of course, we are the more famous Madness soul s that we have hunted before, the Dragon Horned Beast. Furthermore, we have been here for many years, so many people know us." Du Rouke said.

"So it’s like that! What were you doing down by the river? So dangerous. " Chen Xiang asked.

"Isn’t it just chasing after the Madness soul Golden Roc? I can’t catch up! " Qin Taiyu sighed, "If we catch it and tame it, we might be able to take it to the other side to have a look."

The Madness soul Golden Roc was a beast that could fly!

Chen Xiang suddenly thought of his Red fire dragon, not knowing if he could fly here. If it was possible, he could go across the river to have a look.

"The Fury beast that can fly are all very strong, moreover they’re all in the air, it’s very difficult to catch them." Song Tianchuan said.

"Maybe these flying Fury beast would go to the other side of the river often, which is why they managed to obtain stronger strength from the other side." Du Rouke said.

"That’s a possibility!" Song Tianchuan led the team and arrived at an inn to eat and drink.

Not long after Song Tianchuan and the rest sat down, a waiter ran over hurriedly.

"Grandpa Song, your enemy is here." The waiter said anxiously.

"Who?" Song Tianchuan asked anxiously: "We have a lot of enemies!"

"Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race!" The words of the waiter silenced the entire inn.