Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang didn’t know who the Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race was, but he could guess that they were the Fierce Saber Race. The Fierce Saber Race had enmity with him, but he never thought that Song Tianchuan’s team also had connections with the Fierce Saber Race’s people.

"Are they here?" Song Tianchuan asked.

"We’re already in the city. Let’s get ready." The waiter was a bit nervous. He was worried that if they started fighting later, the inn would be destroyed.

"Let’s go out!" Song Tianchuan knew what the waiter was worried about, so he led the way out.

On the World Defying Stage Soul River, what everyone was most afraid of was a race like the Fierce Saber Race. They were very strong, controlling the passage to the World Defying Stage Soul River, controlling a large amount of resources, and were born with great power.

Although they were facing the Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race, Song Tianchuan and the others were not afraid.

The Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race was right outside, they were riding five gigantic black tigers, releasing Fierce Saber Race Qi from their bodies, Chen Xiang was not afraid of these guys, he had gotten along with many of the strong warriors of this race before.

"I’ll give you guys a month’s time. Hunting ten Madness soul and Black Tiger Beasts, and handing the Fury beast cores over to us, you can forget about the previous grudge. Otherwise, our Fierce Saber Race will initiate a hunting order against you." A middle-aged man riding a tiger said coldly, "After you get it, get to know this small city’s Raging Blade Pavilion."

With that, Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race rode away on his tiger.

"One of them is Aoshi Holy Stage. "Late stage!" Chen Xiang frowned, he secretly took a deep breath in. A middle-aged man at the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, this was a powerful force, and the Leader at Ancient Fire Divine Sect was a terrible old man.

He had long since heard that those who roamed the World Defying Stage Soul River s and Soul River Divine Race s were all very strong ones.

"Go, enter the mountain!" After Song Tianchuan finished speaking, he looked at Chen Xiang and said: "You don’t have to go.

"How can that be? I also want to go in. I don’t want any benefits, just going in to gain experience." From the dragon’s scale, Chen Xiang knew that the World Defying holy dragon was over there, in the direction of the mountain range.

"Okay, then let’s go in together." Song Tianchuan nodded his head, because this was a grudge between them and the Fierce Saber Race, and at that time, Chen Xiang had not joined in.

After leaving the small city and entering the mountain range, Chen Xiang asked: "Uncle Song, how did you end up with the Fierce Saber Race?"

Du Rouke said angrily: "This group of tyrannical people .... We didn’t want to offend them at all, when we were killing a Madness soul and Black Tiger Beast, we coincidentally bumped into these guys, and they said that they found it first, and then after a dispute broke out, the Madness soul and Black Tiger ran away, and they just relied on us, and said that we caused their losses. "

"Then we started fighting. If we couldn’t beat them, we ran, and then they went to look for us everywhere. At that time, we didn’t even know that they were Fierce Saber Race’s people."

"These guys are really overbearing. It’s good enough that they can be killed." Chen Xiang said.

Hearing Chen Xiang’s words, everyone looked at Chen Xiang in shock, even the cold and silent Yu Yilan had a face full of shock.

Because Chen Xiang actually had the thought of killing the Fierce Saber Race!

If the one who killed the Fierce Saber Race was someone who had an irreconcilable enmity with the Fierce Saber Race, he would be chased and hunted down by the Fierce Saber Race’s Killing Order.

Chen Xiang had killed a lot of fellows from the Fierce Saber Race before, so he said it in a relaxed manner.

"Alright, let’s hurry up and find the Madness soul and Black Tiger Beast." Chen Xiang immediately thought of something and said.

Chen Xiang had already seen the Madness soul and black tiger before, it was the black tiger riding the five middle-aged men from Fierce Saber Race.

And the wild Madness soul Black Tiger Beast was even stronger, so it was very difficult to kill. The last time the Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race came, they let the Madness soul Black Tiger Beast escape.

Song Tianchuan and the others were very experienced with it. Not long after they entered the Heavenly River Mountain Range, they quickly discovered the whereabouts of the Madness soul and Black Tiger Beast.

After tracking for two days, they came to a flat ground. There were weeds at the edge of the flat ground, covering a cave.

"It’s the Tiger’s Cave!" Song Tianchuan’s face turned serious: "From the Qi, there should only be one Madness soul and Black Tiger Beast inside."

"Yi Lan, you are the fastest. Go in and lure the black tiger out." Song Tianchuan said in a low voice: "Chen Xiang, hide yourself. If the situation is amiss, you can just run away, don’t worry about us."

Chen Xiang nodded.

"Old Man Qin, dig a hole and hide on the ground.

"Rou Ke, gather your Berserker Lightning Holy Spirit and strike the tiger head at the right time! "After you lured the tiger out, Ilan, run around him and disturb his attention. I’m going to directly face the black tiger."

Song Tianchuan had made a battle plan. After everyone understood, they nodded and started to move.

Chen Xiang hid behind a rock in the distance and watched their actions. He never thought that a sweet and tender girl like Du Rouke would actually be able to grasp such a savage and violent power.

Yu Yilan, on the other hand, was the fastest and bravest, daring to enter the tiger cave alone.

Song Tianchuan held onto a giant axe and waited outside. No one knew when Old Man Qin went underground and waited for the right time to launch a sneak attack.

Roar!

A tiger’s roar came out, a beautiful figure flew out, it was Yu Yilan.

"It’s Tiger King!" When Yu Yilan came out, he shouted loudly in shock.

Chen Xiang finally heard her voice and became flustered.

"Tiger King, everyone be careful. Follow the plan." Song Tianchuan was also shocked, he held the black greataxe tightly.

A huge black figure jumped out, roaring as it pounced towards Song Tianchuan, its speed extremely fast.

At the same time that Song Tianchuan dodged, he swung his axe at the black tiger, causing it to miss his attack. Although the black tiger was huge in size, it was as nimble as a cat, jumping quickly and dodging Song Tianchuan’s attack.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM! Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Du Rouke who was accumulating the Berserk Thunder Saint Force saw the opportunity. When the black tiger dodged Song Tianchuan’s axe, Du Rouke released a berserk lightning power.

Roar! Roar! Roar!

The black tiger’s eyes sparkled like stars as it was being beaten. It was extremely angry and roared a few times.

Song Tianchuan raised his gigantic axe and rushed over, aimed straight at the black tiger’s neck and chopped out a few pieces of red blood. The well-built Yu Yilan rushed over like a ghost, with his lance in hand, he pierced the black tiger’s eyes.

At the same time, Old Man Qin who was hiding underground also came out from his hiding place. He was right below the black tiger’s abdomen, his two sharp short blades shining with a cold light as they stabbed into the black tiger’s abdomen.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

Du Rouke released another bolt of lightning, striking the tiger’s head.

When the Black Tiger fell, everyone heaved a sigh of relief!

Chen Xiang could not help but exclaim. The four of them cooperated extremely well, capturing the powerful Madness soul and Black Tiger Beast in an instant.

"No, this guy isn’t that weak. He’s Tiger King!" Song Tianchuan said: "Tiger King’s strength should be at the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, far surpassing ordinary humans. If the four of us join forces, it won’t be that easy to take him down."

"Its claws are golden, it is indeed Tiger King." Old Man Qin frowned and said, "Could it be ... Could it be that this guy was injured, then what injured him? "

"Not good, the person who injured him must be nearby!" Song Tianchuan’s face changed.