Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was also surprised, he immediately became vigilant, there were even more powerful beings hidden around that could injure the Black Tiger King!

"What is it?" He was also very worried about Chen Xiang using the Counter Power to conceal himself. If it was right beside him, he would be in danger.

"Be careful, they’re coming!" Song Tianchuan bellowed: "Small!"

Chen Xiang was terrified in his heart, because he could not see anything but Song Tianchuan noticed it.

"It’s a monkey, a monkey that uses poison." Old Man Qin also saw it and shouted in shock, "Everyone be careful!"

Yu Yilan suddenly roared out, her body releasing a black mist, her beautiful body suddenly turned into a black mist, as a half human tall monkey passed through her body.

Chen Xiang’s mouth was wide open, he thought that Yu Yilan had been killed!

"Ilan!" Du Rouke shouted, releasing a ray of lightning that struck the body of the monkey, but missed.

What made people feel at ease was that after Yu Yilan transformed into the black qi, she quickly recovered. Seems like she mastered a technique that could turn her body into black qi, and with that, she could avoid the monkey’s attack.

After Monkey dodged Du Rouke’s lightning strikes, he quickly ran into a forest. However, he did not leave and waited for the chance to attack.

"This guy ..." It should be the legendary Mad God Poison monkey, whose claws are highly toxic. " The Old Man Qin frowned and said: "Lan Xi. This thing’s speed is very fast. When it’s told to move, it’s difficult to catch traces of it. "

Chen Xiang had never been able to see the monkey since he was young. Now that he was using Counter Power’s concealment, he was more at ease. If the monkey were to attack him, he would be in big trouble.

"How strong is he?" Du Rouke asked.

"Not very strong. Fast. His claws are poisonous. This is enough for him to kill many people that are stronger than him." The Old Man Qin said: "This Tiger King has already been poisoned. When the time comes, he will die inside the cave. At that time, the Poison monkey will be able to enjoy every meal. It’s just that he did not expect us to come here."

"We have to be careful." Du Rouke looked around, and then carefully walked towards Chen Xiang, because she knew Chen Xiang was hiding there.

They suddenly thought of Chen Xiang, he was much weaker than them, if they were ambushed by the Poison monkey, it would be difficult for them to defend.

"Don’t come over, I’m safe here." Chen Xiang told Du Rouke: "Just be careful."

Du Rouke heaved a sigh of relief and returned to the side of Tiger King’s corpse. They needed to kill the Poison monkey, otherwise they would be secretly followed by the Poison monkey. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Suddenly, a weak sound came out from the forest. Chen Xiang could finally catch a trace of the Poison monkey, he could barely see a few afterimages.

"I used the Dao heart Eye to look around, I almost forgot!" Chen Xiang immediately activated his Dao heart Eye, and quickly saw three red shadows.

This familiar red shadow shocked him because the Counter Power he was using was exactly the same. In other words, the three Poison monkey were all invisible now.

"There are three monkeys!" Chen Xiang anxiously transmitted to Du Rouke.

When Du Rouke heard it, he was also very surprised: "Are you sure?"

"Sure, you guys be careful!" Chen Xiang said: "Let me try to see if I can use something to lure out these three monkeys. I don’t know if these three monkeys found him, because the Counter Power he uses is similar to the power of the Poison monkey."

Chen Xiang released a few Heaven devouring rat s and entered the forest, rushing towards the three rats. At the same time, he sent a sound transmission to Du Rouke and the others, telling them to pay attention to the big rats.

Song Tianchuan and the others all knew that it was Chen Xiang who had released the big mouse.

"He’s making his move!" Seeing that the three Poison monkey had suddenly moved, Chen Xiang quickly replied.

Du Rouke’s control over the lightning had already reached the peak, so he instantly released five lightning bolts that struck the five big rats. This was because the three Poison monkey were attacking the mice separately.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

As the five bolts of lightning struck down, all three Poison monkey were struck. However, they were not severely injured, and with a scream, they flew into the forest.

"Still in there?" Du Rouke asked.

"No, but they must be angry." Chen Xiang said, "Let’s leave this place quickly."

After the Poison monkey left, Song Tianchuan kept Tiger King’s corpse and was about to leave, when a black shadow suddenly scuttled over. It was actually a Black ape that was as tall as two people.

The Black ape flashed across the sky and knocked Song Tianchuan flying with a palm. Du Rouke had always been accumulating the power of berserk thunder, so even though the appearance of the Black ape shocked her, she still calmly released a bolt of berserk lightning.

The lightning struck the Black ape’s head, causing it to howl in anger. It seemed like it did not receive any damage.

Yu Yilan rushed over from afar and with the help of her extremely fast speed, she used the spear in her hand to stab into the Black ape’s back. However, she was only able to stab a little bit, and was unable to penetrate the Black ape’s body.

"What the hell is this?" Chen Xiang watched in shock from afar.

After Song Tianchuan was sent flying, although he was slightly injured, he could still continue to fight. He held his gigantic axe and rushed forward, fiercely slashing at the Black ape, dodging and constantly slashing.

Yu Yilan pulled out the long spear. It turned out that the Black ape was waiting for the chance to attack again.

The scariest part of Black ape was that the skin on its body was very thick and tough. Just now, Yu Yilan’s long spear had only been able to pierce half of the spear’s head, and the Black ape had not even lost any blood, nor did it feel any pain.

Although Song Tianchuan’s axe could hit the Black ape several times, it was only able to crack open a tiny bit of that thick black skin, and was not able to injure the Black ape at all.

The Black ape’s strength was very strong. It waved its two long arms, and like two giant hammers wildly dancing in the air, Song Tianchuan was hit multiple times.

"Hey, don’t you guys have any good God Equipment?" Chen Xiang asked, he felt that if it was a divine weapon refined from Crystal emperor, it would definitely be able to kill this Black ape.

Chen Xiang was about to take action, but right at that moment, he saw three black figures suddenly appear from the Dao heart Eye, and their target was Yu Yilan!

"Danger!" Chen Xiang used his strongest strength to teleport to Yu Yilan’s side. Then, he took out the Tianchuang furnace and opened the lid, allowing the three Poison monkey s that were flying over to enter the Tianchuang furnace. Then, he hastily closed the lid.

Just now, everyone saw that the three monkeys wanted to come out of the Tianchuang furnace s, but they were repelled by Chen Xiang.

"Thank you!" Yu Yilan also knew what had happened. If Chen Xiang had not come over, she would have lost her life. Those three Poison monkey s were extremely terrifying.

"There’s no need to be polite, I’m a member of the team after all." Chen Xiang smiled and said. He then kept the Tianchuang furnace and when he had time, he would take care of the three Poison monkey.