Chen Xiang did not say it, but everyone had almost forgotten that he was a member of the party. When he suddenly appeared, everyone was shocked, how could he be so fast?

"I’m a bit tired, I’ll hide at the side first." Chen Xiang said, with that teleportation previously, 80% of his power was absorbed.

Song Tianchuan was still fighting with the Black ape.

"Everyone attack together!" Song Tianchuan roared.

Du Rouke took out a long Purple Lightning Divine Whip and whipped the Black ape on its head.

The Black ape was extremely angry after being hit on the head. It grabbed the Purple Lightning Divine Whip and dragged Du Rouke along with it as he flew towards the Black ape.

Yu Yilan anxiously jumped over and hugged Du Rouke, not allowing him to fly towards the Black ape, otherwise, he would be bitten by the Black ape.

Old Man Qin who had not made a move all this time finally made his move. Two short blades pierced into the Black ape’s arms and ate them very deeply, causing the Black ape to roar as both of its arms shook, sending the Old Man Qin flying.

Song Tianchuan seized the opportunity, brandished the gigantic axe, and slashed at the Black ape’s chest with great force, and also emitted a burst of white light. No one knew what kind of power it was, but the gigantic axe became even sharper, and left a deep gash on the Black ape’s chest.

Du Rouke swung the Purple Lightning Divine Whip in his hands, coiled it around the Black ape’s neck and pulled forcefully at it. The Black ape was suddenly on the ground and Song Tianchuan wielded his giant axe as he chopped at the Black ape’s neck, and was about to succeed. But the Black ape started to flip frantically and struggle free from Du Rouke’s Purple Lightning Divine Whip, causing Song Tianchuan to be struck hard onto the ground and sent flying.

"He’s gone mad. Hurry up and finish him, or we’ll leave!" Song Tianchuan, who was sent flying, shouted. At this moment, blood was trickling down from the corner of his mouth, and his injuries were severe.

"Explode!" Old Man Qin’s face was filled with pain as he roared. His two short blades on the Black ape’s body exploded, injuring it greatly.

Yu Yilan jumped very high, diving down from the sky and thrusting his spear into the Black ape’s back. This time, he stabbed very deeply.

BOOM!

Du Rouke saw that after Yu Yilan pulled out the spear and jumped, he released a ray of lightning that struck the Black ape’s wound.

Roar!

The Black ape was hit, it roared, its eyes were red, its body released waves of black Qi!

The Black ape was still able to stand up. At the moment, everyone had used up a lot of energy, so if they continued to fight, they would not have enough strength to go back.

"Captain, it’s up to you!" Du Rouke used the Purple Lightning Divine Whip to trap the Black ape and shouted to the distant Song Tianchuan.

The Black ape struggled fiercely, as if it could break free from the Purple Lightning Divine Whip at any time.

"Faster!" Du Rouke did not know how long he could hold on, and shouted at Song Tianchuan.

Song Tianchuan lied in the distance and slowly stood up. He seemed to be severely injured.

Just as everyone was focused on him, Chen Xiang suddenly rushed out, and slashed at the Black ape’s neck, as though he was cutting through wood. It was extremely easy!

The head of the Black ape rolled down, and its body fell onto the ground. Everyone looked at the Heavenly magic sword in Chen Xiang’s hand in shock!

Being able to easily break through the Black ape’s defense, that was a very powerful divine tool, but Du Rouke had seen Chen Xiang’s sword before, and she did not see anything about it, but she did not expect that it was actually that powerful. Just now, they clearly sensed that Chen Xiang did not use any kind of Everlasting Saint Force, which was even more proof of the sharpness of his sword.

"Why are so many powerful objects appearing one after another?" Chen Xiang sighed.

It used to be three Poison monkey, but now this one popped out.

The Old Man Qin had already helped Song Tianchuan up and fed him a medicinal pellet to heal his injuries.

"This mountain range is like this to begin with. There are a large number of different powerful Fury beast coming and going, and Fury beast can become stronger by eating Fury beast. If they meet a human, the Fury beast will also attack." Song Tianchuan said.

Du Rouke laughed, "Chen Xiang, you really have hidden your strength. With such a powerful set of equipment, what exactly is your background?"

"What kind of background do I have?" Chen Xiang curled his lips.

"Hmph, it’s fine if you don’t want to say it!" Du Rouke pouted. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Old Man Qin laughed, "This time, without Chen Xiang, we are in deep trouble!"

If Chen Xiang had not taken care of those three monkeys, Yu Yilan would have been poisoned, and the three monkeys would have continued to attack them. In the end, they would have been the biggest victor when they attacked the Black ape. Song Tianchuan and the others felt fear just thinking about it.

However... Now he was captured alive by Chen Xiang!

Right now, everyone was leaving this place in a hurry. The fighting here was very loud, they would definitely alert the Fury beast in the distance. The powerful Fury beast would definitely come over.

"One Tiger King against ten ordinary Madness soul and Black Tiger Beasts." Song Tianchuan replied: "I just don’t know if Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race is willing."

"Most likely, they will not agree. They will even consider your Tiger King as their leader." Chen Xiang snorted, he knew Fierce Saber Race and his group the best.

Everyone was silent. Fierce Saber Race was originally that unreasonable, so there was definitely such a possibility.

"Next up, we have to continue hunting the Madness soul and black tiger beasts." The Old Man Qin sighed.

"How about this, we sell Tiger King and Black ape, then secretly acquire the Madness soul and Black Tiger Beast." Chen Xiang said: "Leave this matter to me. You do not need to appear, I naturally do not doubt you."

"It’s not too good here. The Madness soul, Black Tiger Beast, is not easy to buy, even though there are quite a few of them..." Song Tianchuan said.

"Once the Madness soul and black tiger beasts are here, they would be bought by the Fierce Saber Race. Their main goal was to feed their mounts, which would make their mounts even more powerful." Old Man Qin said, "If someone is fighting with them over the purchase, they will definitely be very angry."

"Fierce Saber Race is truly overbearing." Chen Xiang cursed.

"After we rest, we can continue to look for the black tiger." Song Tianchuan said.

After resting, everyone regained their spirit. They were currently in the outer region of the Heavenly River Mountain Range, which could be considered relatively safe. If they were to enter the depths, it would be extremely dangerous.

In the morning, everyone once again entered the Heavenly River Mountain Range to search for the Black Tiger.

"There’s the aura of a black tiger!" Song Tianchuan said in pleasant surprise, and then rushed off in a different direction.

Everyone followed him. After they passed there, their expressions changed because the black tiger they encountered was the Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race!

"It’s actually these five guys." Chen Xiang hid in the distance. This was what everyone had asked him to do; once he encountered a Fury beast, he would hide a little further away.

The Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race was actually here as well. He didn’t know what they were doing, but whenever he met them, he would usually take a detour around them.

When Song Tianchuan saw the five mounts, he felt a burst of disappointment before he turned around.

"It’s all of you!" With a few whooshing sounds, the five men from Fierce Saber Race appeared. No one knew where they went and why they left the five mounts behind.