Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing them ask that, Song Tianchuan had a bad premonition.

"We were hunting the black tiger and followed its aura to come here. I didn’t expect it to be you guys, sorry for disturbing." Song Tianchuan cupped his hands and said.

"So that’s how it is. We thought that you wanted to kill our mounts. Then, let’s hurry up and leave." The middle-aged leader said.

Song Tianchuan heaved a sigh of relief, then quickly left.

Chen Xiang also followed them, but he was very suspicious about that as well, so he released more than ten Heaven devouring rat s. He made the Heaven devouring rat small, making them wander around the area.

After distancing himself from that area, Chen Xiang asked in a low voice, "What do you think they are doing there?"

Song Tianchuan turned around to look and said: "There’s nothing special about that place. It’s just a very ordinary forest!"

Everyone was extremely puzzled because when they went over, the five black tigers were there. And when they just got there, the five men from Fierce Saber Race had already returned.

Chen Xiang had already released ten Heaven devouring rat s to investigate, and one of them was looking at the five black tigers.

He noticed that not long after they left, the five middle-aged men quickly jumped off the tiger’s back and walked towards five different directions before hiding themselves on top of a large tree. They had concealed themselves extremely well.

When Chen Xiang saw this scene, he was even more shocked. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

These five people from the Fierce Saber Race were obviously waiting for something to come as if they were lying in ambush.

"Wait, I found something!" Chen Xiang could not be too far away from the Heaven devouring rat, otherwise he would not be able to see through it.

Everyone was curious.

"What did you find?" Du Rouke asked.

"Do you remember the big rat? I can see what these rats saw. I just left a few there. " Chen Xiang said in a low voice: "Let’s hide now, I’ll tell you what I found out later."

Everyone was very interested in this, they never expected Chen Xiang to have so many tricks up his sleeve, he actually had such a powerful skill.

After Chen Xiang and the others hid themselves, he told them what he discovered.

After Song Tianchuan and the others finished listening, their faces were immediately filled with anger, Chen Xiang did not know what they were angry about!

"Hey, what’s going on? Do you know what they’re doing? " Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"These bastards are feeding their mounts." Song Tianchuan snorted: "There’s already a rule that we can’t let these tamed Fury beast eat everyone, but Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race has obviously already done that."

Chen Xiang immediately understood that the reason the Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race had placed the five black tigers there and released their auras was to lure some people over, to kill them and then let the black tiger eat them.

On one hand, they weren’t sure if they could kill Song Tianchuan and the other two. On the other hand, Song Tianchuan had promised to kill ten Black Tigers.

"Someone is going over!" Chen Xiang suddenly shouted: "It’s a small team, there’s a total of six of you, your strength should be average."

"Hurry up and tell these people!" Song Tianchuan said: "Do you have a way?"

The reason why Song Tianchuan could get to know those people in the small city outside was mainly because of his good character. He could help out anyone he could, but over the years, his team of hunting beasts had also helped quite a few small teams in distress.

Chen Xiang immediately ordered a Heaven devouring rat to send a sound transmission to the party members, telling them that the Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race had set a trap for them and told them to leave quickly.

The teams that had entered the Heavenly River Mountain Range were all very experienced. After hearing someone warn them, they immediately understood what was going on. They just found it strange that someone was the one who was warning them.

They had indeed discovered the aura of the black tiger, and it was five of them at that. Although they were suspicious of the warning, they still left because the five black tigers were not something they could deal with.

Just as they walked a few steps, five black figures suddenly rushed out from the forest. Sword lights and sword shadows.

"Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race is indeed powerful." Chen Xiang was shocked and he could not help but say. At this time, five black tigers came out of the forest and started to gnaw on the corpse of the small team.

These small teams were all from the Aoshi Holy Stage, so if they were eaten by the Fury beast, the results would be pretty good. In order to make their own mounts even more powerful, the Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race broke the rules and did such a thing.

When Chen Xiang told everyone what he had just seen, everyone was very angry.

"These five guys are truly insane." Song Tianchuan said angrily: "However, we are going to hunt ten black tigers for them right now."

Through the Heaven devouring rat, Chen Xiang heard a few people talking.

"Just now, Song Tianchuan and the rest were here, they would definitely be suspicious." The leading middle-aged man said, "They should still be nearby. Let’s go and clean them up. Eating a few of them is not bad. Their team’s overall strength is very strong. They are high quality rations."

"Let’s hurry up and go!" Chen Xiang told everyone what he heard.

Song Tianchuan immediately brought everyone and started running. There were late stage Aoshi Holy Stage and five strong black tigers among the Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race.

At the back, the Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race had already begun to tell them that the Black Tiger was able to track them based on the aura coming from the ground.

At this time, Chen Xiang had no choice but to take out the Six Realms mirrors and let everyone enter. After that, he controlled the Six Realms mirrors to roll around in the Heavenly River Mountain Range, and very quickly, he created some distance between them and the Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race.

"Now we don’t need to hunt ten black tigers for them." Song Tianchuan said.

"They want to silence us, so even if we return to the city, they will give the order to kill us." The Old Man Qin said: "Once the order is given, all sorts of assassins from Fierce Saber Race will come. We definitely won’t be able to stop them and then, we’ll just have to hide."

"What should we do?" Du Rouke said.

"Kill them." Yu Yilan said coldly.

Yu Yilan’s meaning was to kill Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race!

Everyone would be safe in Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors for the time being, but since the Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race couldn’t find them, they would definitely give the order to kill.

"Let me try and see if I can subdue those three Poison monkey!" Chen Xiang suddenly said: "If we can succeed, we might have a huge chance of winning!"

Only then did everyone remember that Chen Xiang’s cauldron had three Poison monkey locked inside!

If they could succeed, the Poison monkey would be able to fight against the five black tigers while they were fighting against the Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race.

"Fine, give the Fury beast cores of Tiger King and Black ape to the monkeys to eat." Song Tianchuan said, then looked at the others.

If Chen Xiang could successfully tame those three monkeys, then it would be even easier for them to hunt beasts in the future.

The first issue of this book came from 17K, so the first thing I’ll do is to look at the original content!

inclusion = " /fragment/6/3236.html ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidc; padding: 15px20px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {mardin-left: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tt.microsoftyahei; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; mardin-bottom: 5px;}

Scan 2D code to pay attention to 17K official WeChat, the latest chapter can also be seen on WeChat! Click on the top right corner of WeChat + sign, choose add friends, search public number "wap17k" to pay attention to us. Reply to "Big Awards + your qq number" for participation in the event. 10 iphone6, ten thousand qq members waiting for you!