At this moment, everyone was extremely nervous, because they wanted to surround and kill the mighty Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race, who had been famous for a long time. That was a small team that was quite famous in the Fierce Saber Race, although it was not the strongest team, but to dare kill them would without a doubt, be equivalent to declaring war against the Fierce Saber Race.

"Alright, we will definitely succeed." Du Rouke changed her usual sweet and serious expression.

Song Tianchuan looked at Chen Xiang and said: "Brother, it’s all up to you!"

"I will definitely not let you down." Chen Xiang had a better understanding of those three Poison monkey, and knew that they would be able to succeed. Even someone as strong as Tiger King would be poisoned by the attacks of the three monkey, let alone the three black tigers that still needed to be fed.

The captive Fury beast were often not as savage as they were in the wild. Normally, their master would not be willing to let them go out and fight.

"Yi Lan, you have to think of a way to lure away two Raging Blade Masters. Your mission is also very difficult." Song Tianchuan said to Yu Yilan.

Yu Yilan still did not speak much, and only nodded. The originally cold her now had a serious expression, and she looked even colder.

"Alright, it’s settled. Let’s go!" Song Tianchuan clenched his fists tightly, his heart heavy. Then, he walked out of the forest with large strides, towards the big tree.

Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race had been looking for Song Tianchuan and the others, but he did not expect them to actually come out, which surprised them greatly. However, they did not go over immediately, but waited for Song Tianchuan and the others to come over.

"You killed 10 black tigers and gave them to us?" The leader of the Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race asked.

"No, not a single one!" Song Tianchuan said calmly.

The leader was infuriated as he sneered, "Then what are you all here for? are you here to die? "

"We killed one Black ape, this kind of powerful Black ape is rare here, I think one Black ape is equivalent to ten black tigers." After Song Tianchuan finished speaking, he took out the Black ape that had its head cut off.

Originally, Chen Xiang had used it to tame three Poison monkey, but after he successfully used the pill, he didn’t use this Black ape, so he gave it back to Song Tianchuan.

Seeing the corpse of the Black ape, the Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race leader’s eyes lit up, but he said coldly: "What lousy Black ape, not even a Black Tiger is comparable, are you trying to tease us? "You’re courting death!"

Before, Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race was worried that Song Tianchuan suspected that they had been feeding the black tiger human, and had already had the intent to kill Song Tianchuan and the others, searching for them. Now that Song Tianchuan and the others suddenly appeared and brought a pretty good Black ape back, it made them even more determined to take action.

Previously, they had felt somewhat regretful that they were unable to obtain Song Tianchuan’s ten black tigers, but the regret had now been replaced because Song Tianchuan had given them a pretty good Black ape.

As soon as he said those two words, Yu Yilan had already left his original place and instantly appeared beside the two Raging Blade Masters. He struck out with his jade palms at the same time, ruthlessly slapping the two big men’s fierce-looking faces, causing thunderous sounds to erupt out.

These two slaps of Yu Yilan’s were really heavy and beautiful, Chen Xiang nearly clapped from afar when he saw this.

Although the two burly middle-aged men who were beaten were from Fierce Saber Race, they were still only from Aoshi Holy Stage’s middle stages. Yu Yilan was also from Aoshi Holy Stage’s middle stages.

The two big men were so furious that they wanted to eat Yu Yilan alive. Their arms then turned into two huge blades that slashed at Yu Yilan.

Yu Yilan was the fastest and most agile out of the group. Even though she could avoid them in time, a strand of her hair was still cut off, which was extremely dangerous. She had also successfully lured away two Raging Blade Masters.

At the same time, Song Tianchuan’s gigantic axe had already struck at the leader. With the Purple Lightning Divine Whip in one hand and lightning in the other, Du Rouke attacked one of the Raging Blade Master.

Old Man Qin had lost two of his best weapons, so it was more difficult for him to fight against one of the Raging Blade Master.

When the people of Fierce Saber Race fought, both of their arms would turn into sharp blades, and when they used them, their feet would also instantly turn into blades to attack, which was extremely dangerous.

What made Chen Xiang’s scalp tingle was that the leader of the group had a long tongue, like a whip, shooting out its tongue at Song Tianchuan from time to time. If not for Song Tianchuan’s experience, the tip of his tongue would have turned into a sharp knife and stabbed at Song Tianchuan.

Chen Xiang had already allowed the three Poison monkey to pass, but the Poison monkey had already hidden itself, so it was difficult to discover them. It slowly moved towards the five black tigers that were ready to attack at any moment.

"You guys are truly bold. Don’t you know that this is courting death?" He thought that they would definitely win. The other party only had four people, and not a single one was in the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage. They were simply not their match, and they even made five strong black tigers stay.

When the three Poison monkey s were still a distance away from the black tiger, Chen Xiang communicated mentally with them and then used the power of space to send the three Poison monkey s over to the three black tiger’s heads.

After the three Poison monkey s appeared above the three black tigers, they swooped down and stabbed their sharp claws into the heads of the three tigers.

Seeing that the Poison monkey had succeeded, Chen Xiang used his spatial energy and sent two of the Poison monkey to the remaining two black tigers’ heads.

The Poison monkey released its power. Its pair of sharp claws instantly pierced out dozens of times, turning the tiger’s head into a hornet’s nest.

The black tiger was huge in size, and the poison had only started to attack its brain and spread throughout its body. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"I did it!" Chen Xiang anxiously transmitted to Song Tianchuan.

Then, he told a Poison monkey to go to Yu Yilan’s side to help him out.

The Poison monkey was still hiding at this moment, making it difficult to find them. Furthermore, it had been teleported by Chen Xiang, so the Poison monkey went over and very smoothly laid on the back of a Raging Blade Master.

The other two Poison monkey s had already appeared behind the leader. The Poison monkey was extremely nimble, and was teleported through Chen Xiang using the power of space, it immediately flew over and pierced towards the leader’s body.

"It worked! It went so smoothly!" Chen Xiang never thought that he would be so successful. This was mainly due to him using the power of space.

If it was him teleporting by himself, then using Spatial Force would consume a lot of energy. Because he already had a huge amount of energy, teleporting consumed a lot of energy, but the Poison monkey was small in size and did not have a strong energy source. Even if he used Spatial Force, it would not consume too much energy.

"There’s a sneak attack, I’ve been poisoned!" A Raging Blade Master who was chasing after Yu Yilan shouted in shock, "The black tiger also fell, what on earth is that thing!?"

"Song Tianchuan, you have guts. To actually raise such a poisonous substance, the various forces in World Defying Stage Soul River will never forgive you." The leader was both jealous and angry. He could also feel that something had poked him a few times. Although it was not painful, a large amount of poison was injected into his body.

The first issue of this book came from 17K, so the first thing I’ll do is to look at the original content!

inclusion = " /fragment/6/3236.html ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidc; padding: 15px20px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {mardin-left: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tt.microsoftyahei; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; mardin-bottom: 5px;}

Scan 2D code to pay attention to 17K official WeChat, the latest chapter can also be seen on WeChat! Click on the top right corner of WeChat + sign, choose add friends, search public number "wap17k" to pay attention to us. Reply to "Big Awards + your qq number" for participation in the event. 10 iphone6, ten thousand qq members waiting for you!