Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Although many powers would chase after and kill such a poisonous substance, the Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race wanted to get it very much. It was simply a treasure. Read the full text of the latest chapter > --

"Hmph, do you think you can leave here alive?" Song Tianchuan was very confident at this moment, because he had already gotten the Poison monkey and the five black tigers were already dead.

Chen Xiang then controlled three Poison monkey to deal with the other Raging Blade Masters, and they all succeeded very smoothly.

Poison monkey s were not strong, but their speed was fast and their concealment was good. They were naturally good at sneak attacks, and the moment they were poisoned by their poison, the consequences would be severe.

After Du Rouke used the Purple Lightning Divine Whip to trap one of the Raging Blade Master, he continued to release berserk lightning strikes, continuously striking the Raging Blade Master.

After Du Rouke succeeded, he immediately dashed over to the Old Man Qin’s side and wrapped the Purple Lightning Divine Whip around the neck of the wild swordsman who was fighting against the Old Man Qin. That wild swordsman was poisoned, and his strength was weakening bit by bit.

Even if the Raging Blade Master was not poisoned, he had no chance of winning two against one. Although they were Fierce Saber Race’s people, a Aoshi Holy Stage like Du Rouke and the others, who hunted beasts all year round, would still be very strong.

Old Man Qin saw that Du Rouke was entangled with the other party, so he held onto the two long blades in his hands, and at the same time parrying the dual wield blade, he moved to the other party’s side.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

Du Rouke controlled the lightning to strike down, and the thunder clap directly cut off the Raging Blade Master’s arm. The Old Man Qin also approached at this time, and with a slash of his blade, he and Du Rouke quickly rushed towards Yu Yilan.

They fought three against two, and the two Raging Blade Masters were even poisoned. After a few rounds, they were killed, and then they worked together to deal with the leader.

Their five black tigers fell and four of their members were killed, leaving only him behind. Although he had the strength of a late stage Aoshi Holy Stage, he was poisoned and was unable to unleash his strength.

"Aren’t you afraid of being avenged by the Fierce Saber Race?!" The leader roared ferociously.

"So what? It doesn’t matter if we kill you or not, our fate is always to be hunted, right? It’s all because of you people. " Song Tianchuan sneered, and cut off the opponent’s arm that had turned into a blade.

Du Rouke’s lightning strikes landed on the leader and made him tremble. Yu Yilan’s spear left his hand and shot out through his abdomen. Song Tianchuan bellowed and used his axe to kill the leader.

Everything happened very quickly, and what made them feel inconceivable was that the Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race did not fully unleash his strength. The tempo of the battle was controlled by them, and before he could fully unleash his power, he was killed by them. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"Very successful!" Chen Xiang walked over with a grin.

Everyone looked at the corpses around them, unable to believe it, they had really killed the famous Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race!

They knew clearly that this was mainly due to the contributions of the three Poison monkey and Chen Xiang. Otherwise, they wouldn’t even dare to think about matters of a professional nature.

"Give these corpses to the three monkeys." The Old Man Qin laughed.

The three Poison monkey snorted with disdain.

"Alright, their tastes are becoming more and more interesting. They aren’t used to eating things like this anymore." Chen Xiang laughed and kept the Poison monkey.

"Clean up the scene, hurry up and leave." Song Tianchuan saw a commotion from afar and anxiously said.

Everyone quickly cleaned up the area and left.

The Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race being killed was a very big deal. The Raging Blade Masters who were able to come here were all very strong, all of them were elites within the Fierce Saber Race. However, five of them died in an instant, including the five black tigers!

Only five late stage Aoshi Holy Stage s or old men at the peak of the Aoshi Holy Stage would be able to accomplish this. Otherwise, one of the five Raging Blade Masters would have definitely escaped.

Fierce Saber Race already knew about this. When the life orb of the Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race shattered, it shook all the Raging Blade Masters on top of World Defying Stage Soul River!

In the small city outside the Heavenly River Mountain Range, a large amount of Raging Blade Masters had gathered. They were all here to investigate this matter and to find out how Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race died!

At this time, Song Tianchuan and the others returned to the small city.

When the Raging Blade Master came here, he immediately knew about the grudge between Song Tianchuan and Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race. However, when they saw Song Tianchuan’s group, they dispelled this suspicion.

This was because although Song Tianchuan and the others’ team were strong as a whole, everyone believed that the five of them would not even be able to defeat the five black tigers, let alone eliminate the entire Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race team.

Song Tianchuan knew that everyone would think the same way, because even though they had successfully killed Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race, they would not dare believe it was real, and no one would think that they were the culprits.

That was why they were able to return here without worry.

Chen Xiang had grudges with the Fierce Saber Race, so when they were on the road, he had warned them not to reveal his name. Chen Xiang had killed a few Fierce Saber Race s and Soul River Divine Race s who had returned from the World Defying Stage Soul River before.

Old Man Qin had lost his Divine Weapons, so he searched for good stuff in the small city. Song Tianchuan had said before, as long as they passed through this storm, when the Old Man Qin found a good Divine Weapon, they would head towards the Heavenly River Mountain Range again.

If they didn’t go, Chen Xiang would have to go by himself, because the World Defying holy dragon was inside.

Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race died in the Heavenly River Mountain Range, and the news quickly spread. No one knew where this news came from, but it was said that Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race met with a World Defying holy dragon hiding in the Heavenly River Mountain Range, and was killed in an instant!

When Chen Xiang heard this news, he was extremely shocked. So the matter of the World Defying holy dragon in the Heavenly River Mountain Range was not a secret.

"Old Man Qin, are there any World Defying holy dragon in the Heavenly River Mountain?" Chen Xiang asked. They were eating in the tavern, and after a few battles, everyone had acknowledged Chen Xiang’s strength as their core strength.

"Yes, that was a long time ago! World Defying holy dragon s have roamed around the Heavenly River Mountain Range before, and they even fought with a group of strong people before. At that time, we were also in this small city, so we could hear the roars of dragons, but I don’t know what happened after that. The Old Man Qin said.

"There was no movement at that time, everyone thought that the World Defying holy dragon was killed!" Du Rouke continued to speak: "So many people wanted to go in, but they all gave up on that idea. Now that the Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race is dead inside, they all suspected that it was the World Defying holy dragon, so there will be a group of people coming over one after another."

Chen Xiang said: "When we entered the Heavenly River Mountain Range, let’s also take a look at this World Defying holy dragon!"

World Defying holy dragon s were rarely seen, and they were extremely strong beasts. Everyone was very curious, and if they could see it, they could broaden their horizons.

The Old Man Qin had already sent people to buy the divine weapons that he needed, as long as they could get their hands on it, they could immediately set off. At this time, all the different forces in the World Defying Stage Soul River had already set out to massacre the dragons in the Heavenly River Mountain Range!