Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

World Defying holy dragon s were so rare, that it could be said that their entire body was filled with treasures. Those that were able to reach the World Defying Stage Soul River and above were all powerful, and they all felt that if they met any World Defying holy dragon, even if they couldn’t kill them, they could still pluck one or two dragon scales from their bodies.

The dragon’s scale on the World Defying holy dragon’s body was a good tool to refine, if it was combined with Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals or something like that, it would be even better. At this moment, everyone found out that the World Defying holy dragon were still inside the Heavenly River Mountain and they all entered the mountain range. ≥,

"I heard that the dragon scales on the World Defying holy dragon’s body are comparable to the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, I wonder if that’s true. If it’s true, wouldn’t it be good if the dragon scales were refined into armor?" Old Man Qin got the Divine Weapon he bought, it was still two short blades, and they would even explode. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"Now we can start our journey. Many people have already entered the Heavenly River Mountain Range. We cannot fall behind." Song Tianchuan said. Their team’s strength was not weak, all of them were in the middle stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, which could be considered to be above average.

Although Chen Xiang had only just stepped into the Aoshi Holy Stage, everyone felt that his strength was already at the level of two middle stage Aoshi Holy Stage s.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang also wanted to quickly enter the Heavenly River Mountain Range. He had to find the World Defying holy dragon and tell it not to return to Ancient Fire Divine Sect.

Chen Xiang was very clear about the character of those people in the Ancient Fire Divine Sect. Once the World Defying holy dragon returns, it was most likely that they would be hunted.

"I wonder what Senior Holy Dragon encountered after coming to World Defying Stage Soul River. His Tao-creation’s sacred crystal should still be on him, right?" Chen Xiang was even more worried about the World Defying holy dragon.

The main reason the World Defying holy dragon were sent to this World Defying Stage Soul River was because he had the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal, which was why the people of Fierce Saber Race and Soul River Divine Race had told the Ancient Fire Divine Sect to bring the World Defying holy dragon here, so they could surround and kill it.

However, World Defying holy dragon were very powerful and were not so easy to deal with. Even Fierce Saber Race and Soul River Divine Race would have difficulty taking them down.

Currently, many people could enter the Sky River Mountain Range and would always meet some small squads there. Chen Xiang also heard from the other squads that there were quite a few teams with weaker strength who became the food of the Fury beast not long after they entered.

"Fury beast are also very quick-witted, we have to be very careful." Song Tianchuan said: "Now that so many people have come in and so on, to those Fury beast that are powerful, we are their food."

"If the World Defying holy dragon are really inside, then they must be hiding in the depths of the Heavenly River Mountain Range. If we enter, it won’t be a smooth journey." Du Rouke said.

Everyone nodded, their expressions grave. It wasn’t easy to smoothly enter the depths of the cave.

"I have an idea." Chen Xiang took out his Six Realms mirrors.

Previously, when the Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race was going to make a move on them, Chen Xiang had taken out this thing and brought everyone here to escape, quickly pulling some distance away from the Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race.

Seeing Chen Xiang this miraculous thing, everyone’s eyes lit up.

Chen Xiang brought everyone into the room inside the Six Realms mirrors. Everyone sat inside the room, they could see their surroundings through the walls of the room.

"How comfortable!" Old Man Qin laid on the ground and laughed: "Chen Xiang, where the hell did you get such a treasure? No matter how you look at it, it’s an extremely precious divine tool. "

"I got lucky and picked it up." Chen Xiang laughed: "This kind of thing can only be found by luck but not sought after. Besides luck, I am unable to get it."

Du Rouke scoffed, "Brat, you pretended to be a pig to eat a tiger. Your own sword is so powerful, yet it actually toyed with me, letting me help you find a better, dishonest brat."

Du Rouke recalled the Heavenly magic sword that she had mocked before, and her sweet little face couldn’t help but flush red.

Chen Xiang only giggled. Even though Du Rouke looked like a delicate woman, he had played a big role in this small team, especially with her overbearing and ferocious lightning strikes, which had left a deep impression in Chen Xiang’s mind.

Right now, everyone was inside the Six Realms mirrors, so they had nothing to do.

Leaning on Yu Yilan’s back, Du Rouke smiled daintily: "Yi Lan, this Chen Xiang has saved you once, and you only said ’thank you’ ... That’s a bit unkind. So, you have to promise me your life as well? "

Yu Yilan coldly glanced at her, and she, who had difficulty opening her golden mouth, finally said a few more words, "I’ve saved you several times, why haven’t I seen you promise me with your body?"

"Alright, from now on, I am your man." Du Rouke giggled, he touched Yu Yilan’s cold and white cheeks and smiled charmingly.

"Alright, you are mine now, go and thank Chen Xiang for me, you can go and repay me with your body." Yu Yilan waved her hand and pushed Du Rouke over to where Chen Xiang was.

Old Man Qin laughed. "Yilan only saved a little old man like me before, but she didn’t let me repay her with my body.

"Go go!" Du Rouke smiled and said, "I’ve saved you a few times."

"You make it sound like my Old Man Qin is very useless." Old Man Qin’s face was filled with dissatisfaction: "My contribution is huge!"

Old Man Qin was a sneak attack expert, he was specializing in hiding in the ground, waiting for the higher ups to arrive, he would just use his fatal strike, which was extremely useful, moreover, he would often appear unexpectedly, making it hard to guard against.

Chen Xiang took out that small piece of dragon’s scale, and according to the shine of the dragon’s scale, he controlled the Six Realms mirrors to change its direction. Everyone was curious as to what Chen Xiang was thinking while looking at the dragon’s scale in his hands, as Chen Xiang always gave them a very mysterious feeling.

"Chen Xiang, what’s that glowing stone in your hand? "He looks really amazing!" Du Rouke laid on Chen Xiang’s broad and broad shoulders, and asked tenderly.

"A small piece of dragon’s scale, the dragon’s scale of World Defying holy dragon. I am now going to use this piece of dragon’s scale to determine his location." Chen Xiang said, he was not afraid of telling them his relationship with the World Defying holy dragon, after getting along with them for a period of time, he knew that this team was trustworthy.

Song Tianchuan and the others were stunned, it was actually dragon scales. They could not believe it, why did Chen Xiang have the dragon scales of a World Defying holy dragon? Many people thought that the reason the World Defying holy dragon were inside the Heavenly River Mountain was because the Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race was killed. However, Song Tianchuan and the others knew very clearly that the Five-tiger from Fierce Saber Race was killed by them.

Now, there were people who had witnessed the World Defying holy dragon appearing in the Heavenly River Mountain Range, and that was only a rumor after all. They only came to join in on the fun, and did not think that the World Defying holy dragon was really inside.

But now, Chen Xiang had taken out the World Defying holy dragon’s dragon scales, and they were even shining, then he could be sure that the World Defying holy dragon was actually inside!

"Is the World Defying holy dragon really inside?" Song Tianchuan broke the silence and asked.