Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was very curious about this place. It must not be his luck that he was able to come here.

"Granny Long, how did you find this place? You seem to be able to control the barrier here. " Chen Xiang asked. Although Long Zhiyu was a World Defying holy dragon, she was not naturally nurtured, but was cultivated. It was just that her master was already dead. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"My master came here before, and this place was transformed by him and the Super Yang Old Ancestor together. Now that the Super Yang Old Ancestor is missing, I originally came here to see if he was here."

Long Zhiyu’s words gave Chen Xiang a huge shock. This place was actually built by the Super Yang Old Ancestor!

"Did you find anything else here?" Chen Xiang looked around: "For example, some treasures?"

Long Zhiyu shook his head: "There’s no treasure, but I found a little girl here! All along the way, I was chased by those eight old fellows and almost couldn’t make it here. Luckily, a little girl suddenly appeared and dragged me inside.

"What kind of girl? "If she’s so powerful, then where is she?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Sigh, in order to save me, she suffered from severe injuries. Right now, she is in her room healing her injuries. Her injuries are quite severe. I wonder if you have any pills to help her heal her injuries?" Long Zhiyu sighed, that little girl had only suddenly saved her, and she did not have the time to speak with the little miss.

"I’m the best at healing, take me to see a little girl." Chen Xiang said with a serious face.

"Kid, don’t be reckless when the time comes." Long Zhiyu warned again, "She’s my savior."

Just as Long Zhiyu wanted to bring Chen Xiang to see the little girl, the door suddenly opened, and a weak voice came out: "Did those bad people come in? Why is it so noisy? "

Hearing that voice, Chen Xiang’s entire body shivered, he then looked over, and immediately saw the familiar beautiful face, this young lady was actually Long Xueyi!

"Xueyi!" Chen Xiang teleported forward and supported Long Xueyi.

"Little Scoundrel!" Long Xueyi was originally very weak, but after seeing Chen Xiang, he became very excited. His eyes became moist, and then he threw himself into Chen Xiang’s arms.

"Little Naughty Dragon, how did you get here?" Chen Xiang was very curious about this. They should be inside the Dan God Mysterious Land, if he wanted to be here, he had to go to the Divine Wasteland first, then go to the Myriad Tao, and finally enter the World Defying Stage Soul River.

"It’s a long story. I’m injured, hurry up and help me heal my injuries!" Long Xueyi said in a tender voice, "Hurry, hurry, I thought I was going to be done for!"

Long Zhiyu was stunned. This little girl was actually very familiar with Chen Xiang, and very close as well. She could tell with a single glance, that Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi were just like husband and wife.

Chen Xiang immediately let Long Xueyi actually be the You Yao Mountain Villa, and then, the Mei Jing Sisters used the power of rebirth to help her heal her injuries, and used the Time Domain at the same time.

"Just now .... That girl from before, is she a dragon? " Yu Yilan frowned and asked: "Why do I feel the faint aura of a dragon from her body?

"I have this feeling, but I think it’s because she has a divine artifact related to dragons on her body. That’s why I have this feeling. There aren’t many dragons these days." Long Zhiyu shook his head: "That’s why they killed me so crazily."

Everyone was sitting at a stone table and chatting, waiting for Long Xueyi to recover from his injuries.

Under the healing from the Mei Jing Sisters, Long Xueyi quickly recovered and came out alive. She giggled non-stop, being mischievous and pitiful, full of liveliness. This was the Long Xueyi that Chen Xiang was familiar with.

"Little girl, thank you for saving me. I truly can’t thank you enough." Long Zhiyu anxiously asked: "What do I call you?"

"Grandma Long, my name is Long Xueyi. I am a dragon, just that I am not as powerful as you." Long Xueyi smiled sweetly, "I am Bai Long!"

Long Zhiyu was stunned, looking at Chen Xiang, Song Tianchuan and the rest were also stunned, seeing the old dragon in front of them, they were shocked, there was actually another small dragon in human form, it was actually such a cute little girl.

What surprised them the most was that Long Xueyi and Chen Xiang’s relationship was extremely close!

Although there were not many dragons here, there were many dragons in the Dan God Mysterious Land. There was a powerful dragon race in the Heavenly Dragon City, and up till now, there were at least a hundred thousand dragons. If all of them were to train in the Aoshi Holy Stage, that kind of power would be enough to look down upon all of Myriad Tao.

"Xueyi, how did you get here? It seems impossible. " Chen Xiang said as he frowned.

"Here is an ancient Transmission array, sent here by the Spirit of Divine Alter after they opened a Transmission array. He said that he can send me to some World Defying Stage Soul River, but for safety’s sake, he only sent me here because I am a dragon with a powerful body." Long Xueyi stuck out his tongue: "It’s just that I didn’t expect to come to such a desolate place. Moreover, there are powerful beasts everywhere, so I didn’t dare to wander around, and could only stay here."

"Spirit of Divine Alter! How did you meet this guy? " Chen Xiang asked curiously.

"It’s Chen Cai ... After that, we can enter the Divine Soil Restricted Area. After that, with the help of the Spirit of Divine Alter, we can set up some Time Formation s or something similar to it, and we can accelerate our cultivation. In this way, we can withstand the attacks of the Super Yang Divine Race. "

There was a powerful force in the Dan God Mysterious Land, Chen Cai knew that so he discussed with the Spirit of Divine Alter to make it stronger. In other words, the Divine Soil Restricted Area was an invincible existence in the Heaven Old Super Realm, especially for that large group of dragons.

Long Xueyi was only at the Peak of World Defying crazy realm now, so it was pretty good for her to be able to train herself to such a level in the Divine Soil Restricted Area!

"Then... Can you go back? " Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course you can, but you can only open it once every once in awhile because activating the Transmission array requires a Crystal emperor. Since I don’t have any here, I can only open it from there. The Crystal emperor were created by Xianxian and Meng Er." Long Xueyi said.

Song Tianchuan and the others were stunned. To open the Transmission array, one had to use a precious thing like a Crystal emperor, and Crystal emperor could actually be refined. According to the name, it was even refined by two women, this was ... This was too heaven-defying.

As they chatted, the island suddenly trembled, followed by a whistling sound.

"Aiya, Xue Ying is here!" Long Xueyi laughed tenderly: "Maybe only us Divine Beasts can resist the power of the teleportation, so we brought her over."

Xue Ying, she is really Phoenix Princess, and also Chen Xiang’s woman!