Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Everyone hurriedly looked towards the direction that Long Xueyi had run towards, only to see that a fiery light had spouted out from there and a beautiful, fiery divine bird had flown out. This divine and beautiful fiery divine bird had left Du Rouke and the others dumbstruck.

Even though Long Zhiyu was an old dragon, she was still shocked. She couldn’t understand, what kind of place was this, for so many World Defying beast to appear!

"Divine Phoenix, this is a void!" Long Zhiyu exclaimed.

A holy light flashed from Phoenix’s body and fell to the ground, turning into a beautiful woman wearing a pure white dress.

"Xue Ying!" Chen Xiang walked over and shouted.

"Why are you here!" Xue Ying originally thought that they would be teleported to this place to search for the legendary Tao-creation’s Holy stone, but she unexpectedly met Chen Xiang.

The Old Man Qin said smilingly: "This brat is really amazing. He knows both the dragon girl and phoenix girl, and their relationship is not ordinary either."

Chen Xiang told Xue Ying everything that had happened here in a simple manner, allowing her to understand what had happened.

"It seems like we don’t have enough strength to walk around here." After Xue Ying heard this, he sighed, she and Long Xueyi only had the Peak of World Defying crazy realm.

But from the looks of it, they at least had the strength of a Aoshi Holy Stage.

After Xue Ying got to know everyone, and chatted for a while, Long Zhiyu could tell that Chen Xiang and the two girls had private things to say, so he gave them a eye signal. They understood very well.

Song Tianchuan and the others pretended to rest and walked to a small hut by the lake, while Long Zhiyu stayed at another place.

"Come on, let’s talk in the room." Chen Xiang said while laughing, causing Long Xueyi and Xue Ying’s jade face to turn red.

After entering the room, they, who had not seen each other for so many years, could not help but be intimate with each other to vent the pain and longing they had for so many years ...

... ....

"Right now, everyone can enter the World Defying crazy realm, but it will become difficult if we wait any longer. You are currently in the Aoshi Holy Stage, how did you manage to break through?" Long Xueyi snuggled up to Chen Xiang.

Xue Ying also leaned on Chen Xiang’s shoulder, and said: "Big Sis Feng and the rest can refine such a powerful thing like Pill Spirit. Little Scoundrel, can you refine a Pill Spirit?"

"Of course you can. Where are my two elixirs?" Little Naughty Dragon should have met him in You Yao Mountain Villa. " Chen Xiang said.

"Ah? Are those two little girls?" Long Xueyi had seen Jiang Lisi and Jiang Sihua before.

"But... "You’re a man, your pill spirit should also be a man." Xue Ying said. She was a phoenix and was able to release flames.

Chen Xiang told Xue Ying about his pill spirit. When Xue Ying heard about it, he was shocked.

"That’s right, who can refine a pill now?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Even the beautiful Alchemist s in the Incense Pill Pavilion are able to refine it. They are very powerful, and they all help each other to refine it." Long Xueyi said.

"They’re unable to concoct any pills that would allow someone to enter the Aoshi Holy Stage, right?" Chen Xiang said.

"Hm!" They wanted to ask you, but they just didn’t know where you were. " Long Xueyi scoffed, "You dead man, don’t bother with us, the sisters of Hundreds of Flowers Village missed you."

"Is that so? I miss them a lot too! " Chen Xiang laughed sinisterly.

"Then why aren’t you going back?" Xue Ying also complained, "Go back and visit us from time to time!"

Chen Xiang said: "You can’t help it! Since I’ve come to this place, it will be difficult for me to stay here. If I don’t come out, I won’t have the face to go back. "

"Oh, that’s right. Which one of you is going to go back? When the time comes, bring some pills for Sister Feng to give her to eat. After her pill spirit eats it, it will evolve. When that time comes, give the other pills to eat, allowing the other pills to evolve as well."

Chen Xiang asked the two Young girl Danling to start refining the Aohun holy Dan, then he told Long Xueyi and Xue Ying about the Aohun holy Dan.

Chen Xiang indeed had this pill, which made the two girls extremely happy.

"How about I go back with you guys?" Chen Xiang said. He also wanted to go to Hundreds of Flowers Village to enjoy life for a while since there were many beauties waiting for him to love them.

"This won’t do, you are already a Aoshi Holy Stage, if you were to use that Transmission array, it would be extremely dangerous! That Transmission array is still not perfect enough to allow someone like you to teleport. Even for us, it would be extremely difficult. " Long Xueyi said: "When Xianxian and the others have perfected the Transmission array, I will bring them here to play."

"Okay, so who’s going back?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I’ll head back. Before I came, I had already made an agreement with them that the Transmission array would open at that time and teleport one of Xueyi and I back." Xue Ying said: "Xueyi is a bit stronger, it would be better if she stayed by your side."

"Then will you still come?" Chen Xiang might not necessarily be Xue Ying.

Xue Ying kissed Chen Xiang’s lips and smiled sweetly: "Don’t worry, I’ll definitely come in the future, my little lover."

Xue Ying put on his clothes, got off the bed and said: "There will probably be more people coming over, you guys seem to be in trouble, why don’t we send some more powerful people over, how about it?"

"Send Senior Jiu Xiao and Elder Sister Xiao Ling over." Chen Xiang thought about it and said.

"Alright!"

Chen Xiang activated Time Domain, allowing the Young girl Danling to condense more Aohun holy Dan even faster so that Xue Ying could bring them back.

In just a few hours, Chen Xiang had condensed more than two hundred Aohun holy Dan.

"I will wait here for Senior Jiu Xiao and Elder Sister Xiao Ling to come." Chen Xiang laughed.

"The next time you see me, I will be Aoshi Holy Stage." Xue Ying smiled tenderly at Chen Xiang: "You better take good care of yourself, don’t do something that’s too risky."

Chen Xiang escorted her to the ancient Transmission array. When the Transmission array sensed that someone had come up, it immediately activated.

Long Zhiyu walked over and asked: "Did the Little Phoenix go back?"

"Hm!" "Go back and get reinforcements. When the time comes, we can discuss and see if we can be beaten away by the eight old fellows outside." Long Xueyi laughed, "Grandma Long, you are really strong. You are at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage, right?"

"Of course not, I’m only at the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage." Long Zhiyu sighed.

The late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage was not weak, being able to fight against eight strong clan experts.

If Long Xueyi also stepped into the Aoshi Holy Stage, he would not be weak either, his strength could be comparable to a middle stage Aoshi Holy Stage, or even a late stage Aoshi Holy Stage!

Song Tianchuan said, "Those old fellows from the Soul River Divine Race s are all peak late stage Aoshi Holy Stage s. They are just a step away from the peak of the Aoshi Holy Stage. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Du Rouke said: "If we want to leave from here, it might be difficult, but luckily it’s not bad here, and cultivating for many years here won’t be a problem."

Chen Xiang wanted to help Long Xueyi get to Aoshi Holy Stage, this was not a problem for him.