Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Inside the Time Domain, Long Xueyi was eating Aohun holy Dan and cultivating at the same time. She had been stuck in the Peak of World Defying crazy realm for a while. But now that he had eaten the Aohun holy Dan, he could feel that the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul was quickly improving.

It had only been a few days since Chen Xiang first stepped into the Aoshi Holy Stage.

"Haha, This Dragon has finally entered the Aoshi Holy Stage. Those old bastards outside, I want to go out and kill them all." Long Xueyi laughed complacently in the You Yao Mountain Villa.

"No, your current strength is not enough. Unless a chaotic battle occurs outside, you will have the chance to launch a sneak attack and win." Chen Xiang said.

He had brought Long Jiuxiao and Du Xiaoling here to see what their views were on this. Long Jiuxiao had a powerful dragon race behind him, if he were to improve them, then his strength would be extraordinary.

He had three Poison monkey s in his hands. Although the Poison monkey’s poison was strong, it lacked something, so the poison’s spreading rate was a little slow. He wanted to see if Du Xiaoling had any ways to increase the Poison monkey’s poison powers.

After a few days, the ancient Transmission array suddenly trembled, and following that, two figures appeared. They were Du Xiaoling and Long Jiuxiao.

"Senior Jiu Xiao, Elder Sister Xiao Ling." Seeing them, Chen Xiang smiled and walked over to greet them.

When Long Jiuxiao heard about the situation here, he came over wearing his armor. He looked mighty and domineering, with a very strong aura.

Du Xiaoling, on the other hand, was wearing a light blue long skirt. Being a delicate Xiao Linglong, she gave off a peerless feeling, soft and beautiful, but she was actually a very strong poison user.

When Long Zhiyu saw Long Jiuxiao, he was very sure that this was another dragon.

Long Jiuxiao had already heard from Xue Ying that there was a granny Long here, so when he saw Long Zhiyu, he immediately bowed to her.

"Where the hell are you from? Are there a lot of dragons there? Above Myriad Tao, I think there’s only one dragon. " Long Zhiyu exclaimed. Although Long Jiuxiao was only at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage, his strength was already at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage.

"We come from a world under the Myriad Tao. There are fewer dragons there compared to humans." Long Jiuxiao chuckled, "However, it’s all thanks to this kid that we were able to gather together in such a large group. It will be a safe development."

"So that’s how it is. It seems like the dragons there have been well-protected. This way, I can relax and hope that they can come back in the future." Long Zhiyu revealed a pleased smile: "Oh right, how many are there?"

"Um... About a hundred thousand. " Long Jiuxiao said.

When Song Tianchuan and the others heard it, they nearly went limp on the ground. A hundred thousand dragons, even if their cultivation were low, just thinking about it was enough to shock them.

After the Long Zhiyu born in the Myriad Tao heard this, he was also quite shocked. If these hundred thousand dragons could develop, and all of them could smoothly step into the Aoshi Holy Stage, then he would definitely be able to dominate the entire Myriad Tao. This was truly an extremely terrifying power. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"Senior Jiu Xiao, I believe you should already know about the danger we face." Chen Xiang told Long Jiuxiao about this matter.

"I already know. I’ve thought of a plan." Long Jiuxiao chuckled, then took out a small pagoda.

"What is this?" After Long Xueyi saw it, he wanted to rush over to take a look, but he was stopped by Long Jiuxiao who removed her hand.

"This is called the Nine Heavens Dragon Battle Tower." Long Jiuxiao smiled mysteriously: "This tower was created by me and the Spirit of Divine Alter jointly.

"What’s the use?" Long Xueyi asked curiously.

Long Zhiyu, Song Tianchuan and the others also came over to see what use the Nine Nether Dragon Battle Tower had. They wanted to see if they could beat the eight powerful elders outside.

Everyone had their attention focused on the tower, but Chen Xiang walked to Du Xiaoling’s side and held her delicate hand, talking to her via sound transmission.

"The Nine Heavens Dragon Battle Tower can hold a hundred Dragon Warriors. I’ve brought all of them here, and they are all proud dragons. They are about the same as me, just a little bit away from entering Aoshi Holy Stage."

Long Jiuxiao said: "What kind of Aohun holy Dan does Chen Xiang has? I feel that as long as we can eat some, we should be able to step into the Aoshi Holy Stage!"

Even though the dragon of the White Striped Aoshi Holy Stage was only at the early stage, it was still very frightening. With Long Zhiyu’s power, it shouldn’t be a problem for him to deal with the eight elders outside.

Long Jiuxiao was also a Master Refiner, he had heard from the Spirit of Divine Alter that there was an extremely powerful Tao-creation Holy stone above the World Defying Stage Soul River, much more powerful than the Crystal emperor, so he wanted to look around from above, but from Xue Ying, he knew that the World Defying Stage Soul River above was not simple.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang knew that he had a difficult task and nodded, "I will provide you with enough Aohun holy Dan."

Long Jiuxiao was someone close to the Aoshi Holy Stage, and he did not need many Aohun holy Dan, including the Dragon Warriors he brought.

Chen Xiang used the Time Domain, allowing the Young girl Danling inside the You Yao Mountain Villa to begin refining the Aohun holy Dan.

"Senior Jiu Xiao, I think you should learn something from Uncle Song. They are experts at hunting beasts here." Chen Xiang suddenly said.

"Is that so? Good! I’ll have the soldiers come out. "

Then, Long Jiuxiao released a hundred Dragon Warriors. They were all in human form, if they all became dragons, then it would be very lively.

Song Tianchuan was also very willing to explain some of the things that Aoshi Holy Stage needed to pay attention to, such as fighting and teamwork. Long Zhiyu added on at the side, while Long Xueyi listened on the side with interest, because she was also going to fight.

Chen Xiang then brought Du Xiaoling to a quiet place on the shore and called out the three Poison monkey.

"Very strong poison, but it seems to have some flaws." Du Xiaoling was indeed born to be a poisonous woman, she could immediately tell the difference when she smelled something good.

"Elder Sister Xiao Ling, Ziqian and Qinlian are still alright, right?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course!" Du Xiaoling rolled his eyes at Chen Xiang, who had killed her two disciples in her little house.

Du Xiaoling played with the Poison monkey, and at the same time, took out a little bit of the black venom from its claws.

The Poison monkey’s claws could spew out black venom. Once the claws pierced the prey’s body, a small hole would spew out venom at a crazy rate, infusing the venom into the prey’s body.

"Elder Sister Xiao Ling, the Poison monkey’s poison is strong enough, but the poison’s effects seem to be slow, and sometimes the poison’s effects aren’t stable enough." Chen Xiang said. Three Poison monkey s had attacked Tiger King before, but Tiger King fell after a long while.

Chen Xiang told Du Xiaoling the story of how he obtained the Poison monkey.

"Tiger King should be much stronger than these three little monkeys, but he was poisoned in the end. This is pretty good." Du Xiaoling said, "Let me try to see if I can make their poison stronger."

Du Xiaoling had also collected some Poison monkey’s venom. Other than that, Chen Xiang had also collected some of the venom he had acquired over the years and shared them with Du Xiaoling.