Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

When Du Xiaoling entered the You Yao Mountain Villa, she needed a quiet and stable place to refine her kind of strange poison.

Chen Xiang was in a secret room, refining Aohun holy Dan while allowing Young girl Danling to condense at the same time. This way, he could obtain more Aohun holy Dan even faster. "..."

Long Jiuxiao and the hundred Dragon Warriors would need around a thousand Aohun holy Dan. Each of them only needed ten of them to step into the Aoshi Holy Stage.

Chen Xiang and the two Young girl Danling were able to produce five Aohun holy Dan a day, which would take them over two hundred days to gather enough. If Chen Xiang were to use the first stage of Time Domain, he would only need to wait outside for around seven to eight days.

Seven to eight days passed in the blink of an eye. Long Jiuxiao and the hundred strong Dragon Warriors had already understood a lot about the affairs of the World Defying Stage Soul River, and knew a lot about the battles of the Aoshi Holy Stage.

This was all taught to them by Song Tianchuan, and Song Tianchuan and the others had even fought with a few dragon warriors, allowing them to understand the strength of the Aoshi Holy Stage Warriors in advance.

Chen Xiang came out of the secret room and handed over a thousand Aohun holy Dan to Long Jiuxiao, telling him to give the pills to the dragon warriors.

After the hundred dragon warriors obtained the Aohun holy Dan, they entered the Nine Clouds Dragon Battle Tower to eat and refine. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"I only ate ten pills. I don’t need much time to refine them." Chen Xiang said: "We just need to wait patiently and they will succeed."

Long Zhiyu was only really looking forward to the Hundred Dragon Arena scene, which was exactly the same for Song Tianchuan and the others!

Chen Xiang once again entered the secret room, because Du Xiaoling had made progress.

"Alright, I let these three little monkeys learn some methods, and also successfully increase their own poison’s potency, allowing them to use quite a few poisons." Du Xiaoling laughed and said, "These three little fellows are very smart. They understand once you learn it."

"They added a few other poisons. How’s the potency? Your poison is being used in the Divine Wasteland, can it still be used in the Myriad Tao? " Chen Xiang asked.

"Right now, there are four types of poison in their bodies. One is their own, and the other three are Drunk god magical poison s, Wangwo scent s, and Magical corruption gas s." Du Xiaoling looked at Chen Xiang, whose face was filled with astonishment, and laughed: "Do you feel that it’s very familiar? Have you not used it in a long time? "

Drunk god magical poison s and Magical corruption gas s were the strange poisons that killed many people back then. However, because the people he encountered became stronger and stronger, he was gradually unable to keep up with the poisons. If he wanted to increase the strength of the poisons, he would need a lot of energy to research and refine them.

"Elder Sister Xiao Ling, is this poison really effective?" Chen Xiang was still a little doubtful: "Back then, it was very powerful, but if I get hold of this place, I won’t be sure."

"I have researched and improved this poison for many years!" Du Xiaoling pouted. "Could it be that you don’t trust them?"

"Of course, I trust you. But I’m more curious, how did you improve it?" Chen Xiang immediately said, worried that Du Xiaoling would be angry.

"Isn’t it just refining the pill the same as you refining it?" Du Xiaoling said, "The poison in these three little monkeys have a very special and powerful energy. It’s the ability to increase the power of the poison and to duplicate many different types of poison!"

Du Xiaoling touched one of the Poison monkey and said, "The three poisons that I gave them have all been replicated in the poison sac. Furthermore, the poison in their poison sac is comparable to Cui Qiang’s three kinds of poison, and as long as they can raise their strength in the future, the poison will become very strong."

"Alright, then will I be poisoned? Magical corruption gas and Drunk god magical poison would not be affected, but Wangwo scent is hard to say. " Chen Xiang had been destroyed by Wangwo poison before.

"Don’t you have your own antidote pill?" Du Xiaoling said: "You can just refine the Antidote Pill according to the standards, you don’t need me to teach you that right?"

"Thank you, Elder Sister Xiao Ling!" Chen Xiang smiled and nodded.

"There’s no need to be courteous, I extracted that kind of strange poison from the poison sac of a little monkey. This will save me a lot of time when refining the poison in the future. It’s also a great harvest for me." Du Xiaoling said.

Du Xiaoling also knew about Heavenly Alchemy. She knew both the derivative method and the Crash method, and for many years, she had always used this method to refine all kinds of poisons. She was very adept at refining poisons, so she was always able to ensure that the poison energy she frequently used was always in a very strong state.

Du Xiaoling would often provide all kinds of useful poisons to the warriors in the Hundreds of Flowers Village, allowing them to quickly end the battle when they went out to fight.

"I knew that when you, Elder Sister Xiao Ling, came here, you would definitely not disappoint me." Chen Xiang laughed, and sent Du Xiaoling to the Transmission array.

Du Xiaoling still had to return to the Divine Soil Restricted Area, she did not plan to wander around, and she was not the type of person who liked to wander around, she liked to be calm and peaceful.

"Be nice to the little monkeys, don’t hurt them." Du Xiaoling said as he stood on top of the Transmission array.

"I know, goodbye!" Before Chen Xiang activated the Transmission array, he fiercely kissed Du Xiaoling’s charming lips. Before Du Xiaoling could even curse at her, he was teleported away.

"You little scoundrel, you’re not afraid of death, you dare to kiss Elder Sister Xiao Ling, she’s a poisonous woman." Long Xueyi chuckled: "Aren’t you afraid of being poisoned or something?"

"What’s there to be afraid of?" Although this was what Chen Xiang said, he was still a bit nervous in his heart. He had long experienced the brilliance of Du Xiaoling’s poison arts.

Long Xueyi was very lively in the You Yao Mountain Villa. He would play with Feng Ke’er all day long, and he even had a partner now.

"Chen Xiang, I remember you still have a few rats outside. Can you take a look at the situation outside? " Du Rouke asked: "I wonder if those eight old fellows are still outside."

"I’ll see if I can establish a connection with those rats." Chen Xiang tried it and quickly established a little connection with the Heaven devouring rat. He could only occasionally see the situation outside.

"I found something!" Chen Xiang said.

Song Tianchuan and the others immediately surrounded them.

"So many people! How did they find this place?" Chen Xiang was shocked: "I saw that there are a lot of people at the top of the mountains."

Du Rouke laughed: "They are all here for Grandma Long!"

Long Zhiyu also laughed: "They like dragons so much. At that time, let them see enough!"

Chen Xiang was only slightly curious as to how these people managed to find their way here. He suspected that the Fierce Saber Race and the Soul River Divine Race had deliberately spread the news to get them to come here.

A few days passed, and Long Jiuxiao walked out of the secret room. Seeing his happy expression, Long Jiuxiao knew that he had successfully stepped into the Aoshi Holy Stage.

"Senior Jiu Xiao, can you still go back to the Divine Soil Restricted Area?" Chen Xiang asked. Previously, Long Xueyi had said that after entering the Aoshi Holy Stage, one would not be able to go back after entering the Ancient Transmission array.