Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Long Jiuxiao had already made his plans, and said: "I’m not going back, just stay here and search for the Tao-creation’s Holy stone! Transmission array will send someone to contact me at regular times. If I find the Tao-creation Holy stone or other resources, I will send them back from here. "

The Milky Way Mountain Range was a place where a large number of Fury beast gathered. A strong Fury beast was also a type of resource.

"Where are the dragon warriors? Have they all broken through? " Long Xueyi came out from You Yao Mountain Villa and asked.

Long Zhiyu was also more concerned about this issue, she really wanted to go out and take a stroll. She had been in the World Defying Stage Soul River for a long time and had not seen the place before, but she was trapped here.

"They should be able to break through in the next two days." Long Jiuxiao said: "When the time comes, we will fight with all our might!" Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Song Tianchuan said: "There are a lot of people outside, these guys are here to hunt dragons, and at that time, there might be a lot of people from the Fierce Saber Race and the Fierce Saber Race. If they are participating in the battle, we don’t need to hold back, we can kill them all."

Those who were able to come here were all quite strong, and they had to pay a great price to be able to come here. If something were to happen here, the power backing them would surely be pained to death.

"Good!" There aren’t many people in the World Defying Stage Soul River, are there? In the future, there will be more and more dragons from the Divine Soil Restricted Area. Long Jiuxiao said.

Right now, they were only lacking in experts who were at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage. With this kind of expert protecting them, they could not be afraid of anything.

Previously, Chen Xiang had obtained a Tao-creation Holy stone, but now, he had already obtained its acknowledgement. He wanted to quickly refine this Tao-creation Holy stone into his Heavenly magic sword.

If he succeeded, his Heavenly magic sword would become very strong, and that was a divine tool that only the older generation of late stage Aoshi Holy Stage s could own.

"I wonder when Master will be able to come out!" Chen Xiang planned to let Long Jiuxiao refine it, but Long Jiuxiao had just stepped into Aoshi Holy Stage. Although he knew about the Tao-creation Holy stone, he was not familiar with refining.

No matter what, Lei Yichen had helped him refine Six Realms mirrors before, and had even perfectly fused the ancient bronze gong with his Six Realms mirrors!

Furthermore, Chen Xiang had a handful of Blood fire sword in his hands. He snatched this from the Ancient Fire Divine Sect s, but joined them.

Just like that, he was sealed in the You Yao Mountain Villa by Feng Ke’er. He felt that only Lei Yichen could melt his Blood fire sword.

After the Blood fire sword melted, the materials obtained would be equivalent to that of the Tao-creation’s Holy stone!

Two days later, all one hundred Dragon Warriors entered the Aoshi Holy Stage. Now, they were Holy Dragon Warriors, all of them extremely powerful.

Long Zhiyu was also very excited, and said: "I’ll go out first, after I fight with them, it’s your turn to fight. At that time, if there are any other little ants making a move, we’ll directly exterminate them."

They were all waiting, because on the island in the middle of the lake, there was a World Defying holy dragon. If they could wait for the World Defying holy dragon to come out, they might be able to get something. They thought that even if they could get a few Dragon Blood, it would be worth it.

Long Zhiyu controlled the stone bridge below the lake to float upwards, and then, she walked atop the stone bridge. As she walked, she opened the barrier enchantment around the lake.

The moment the enchantment was opened, a commotion broke out.

"There’s movement! The World Defying holy dragon is coming out! Everyone, get ready to fight!"

"Haha, my luck is really good. Not long after, the World Defying holy dragon appeared. This time, I can at least get something back."

"Bastard, get ready!"

Just as everyone was about to make a move, they saw a white-haired old woman walk out. They were immediately stunned.

Everyone thought that the World Defying holy dragon was huge, and its entire body was wreathed in flames. They did not expect it to be an old granny!

The eight elders that had been waiting here all took action. Only they knew that after the World Defying holy dragon took human form, it would be this old woman.

Everyone was very disappointed, because they thought that the World Defying holy dragon’s body was very big, and that if they randomly hit it, it would hit the World Defying holy dragon’s huge body, and could even hit a dragon’s scale or something.

But now, there was only an old woman, and she was being beaten up by eight old men. They didn’t even have the chance to get involved.

Long Zhiyu looked at the people around him, and when he heard their complaints, he laughed coldly in his heart, these people were really here for him, to make a move on him.

"Fine, I’ll let you guys witness my power." Long Zhiyu bellowed, the flames on his body ignited, causing the eight elders who were rushing over to be alarmed, they did not expect Long Zhiyu to turn back into his original body.

With a dragon’s roar and a wave of heat wave pressing down from the sky, one could see billowing clouds of fire in the sky. A massive flaming dragon was hovering high in the sky.

World Defying holy dragon could fly, and they were high up in the sky, so those people in the mountains could only throw their divine weapons up, but their divine weapons were too weak.

Although the eight elders couldn’t fly, they were able to use something to float themselves. Moreover, they were also able to release powerful attacks from below.

RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU...!

Powerful energy waves were released by the elders, and they were sent flying into the sky like energy waves. The World Defying holy dragon did not want to be outdone, so high up in the sky, it sprayed out flames and heat waves, which turned into flame and lightning, striking the eight elders.

In the small island in the middle of the lake, Long Xueyi said: "It’s our turn. I will open the barrier now, when that time comes, all of you will immediately transform into gigantic dragons and attack!"

Before Long Xueyi came here, the Spirit of Divine Alter had already taught him the method to control the barrier. After she opened the barrier, the hundred Holy Dragon Warriors roared at the same time, then turned into enormous multicolored beams of light that shot into the sky.

Chen Xiang and the rest rushed out from the island and reached the shore of the lake. Looking at the mighty World Defying holy dragon s in the air, they were extremely shocked.

The Hundred Dragons gave a roar that shook heaven and earth. The sound waves turned into a powerful shockwave that wreaked havoc in all directions. That pressure enveloped the land, making it seem as if the earth was going to collapse.

The people on top of the mountain were all dumbfounded!

Just one World Defying holy dragon caused them to be extremely shocked, but now, a hundred of them were densely packed in the sky, covering the sky and covering the earth. Each dragon was filled with a ruthless killing intent, accompanied by the release of a dragon’s aura, it scared many people to the point that their bodies were trembling, and their legs were weak.

"What’s going on?" An old man from the Fierce Saber Race had a cold sweat on his back. The white stripe World Defying holy dragon s were not weak, especially the Golden Fire Dragon that Long Jiuxiao had turned into, its entire body was releasing a strong golden aura, which was very scary.