Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The people on the surrounding mountains were all fleeing in panic!

"Kill!"

Long Jiuxiao roared, causing the other World Defying holy dragon to immediately roar.

Seeing that Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors had already rushed to the top of the mountain and was chasing after the fleeing people, they started the battle with ease.

They split into eight groups, and started to focus on dealing with the eight elderly men, leaving behind more than ten dragons to chase after the people who were attacking Long Zhiyu.

After the Six Realms mirrors flew to the top of the mountain, he summoned Song Tianchuan and the others out. At this time, Long Xueyi also joined the battle.

Song Tianchuan and the others had been oppressed by the Fierce Saber Race and Soul River Divine Race for many years.

"Kill all the dogs of Fierce Saber Race and myself." Chen Xiang roared and released the three Poison monkey s.

Long Xueyi summoned the two white swords. Following Chen Xiang’s instructions, she distinguished the auras of the Fierce Saber Race and himself, then flew over and waved the swords to kill.

There were hundreds of them, which was more than half of their power within the Soul River Divine Race. They were all at the early and middle stages of Aoshi Holy Stage.

On the other hand, the people of Fierce Saber Race and the Soul River Divine Race were reluctant to leave, because they too wanted to kill a dragon. Although they did not understand why so many dragons suddenly appeared, they could see that the majority of the dragons were fighting the eight old men, and only a few dozen dragons were rushing over.

"Don’t be afraid of these ten dragons. There are hundreds of us, so we will definitely be able to easily kill them." He was from the middle stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, near the late stage, and was one of the stronger ones among the group. He was from Fierce Saber Race, and his arm had already transformed into a strange blade with an exaggerated shape.

However, just as he finished speaking, the Poison monkey who had been invisible all this while flew past him and gently scratched his old face.

Black poisonous blood immediately flowed out from the scratch!

"I’ve been poisoned!" The old man shouted in shock, while Long Xueyi rushed forward and with a wave of his two swords, he cut him in half.

The old man, who was full of confidence just a moment ago, was actually cut into several pieces by a very cute girl with two swords. The people of Fierce Saber Race and the Soul River Divine Race were both dumbstruck.

"You ... Who are you? Why did you want to kill the people of our Fierce Saber Race? " A middle-aged man asked angrily. Just as he finished asking, he felt a light breeze blow past his cheek, making scratch marks appear on his cheek. A Poison monkey just now had quickly swept over from his cheek.

After the Poison monkey succeeded, the poison in the middle aged man’s body quickly spread, making it hard for him to gather his strength in a moment, while Long Xueyi’s swords had already arrived, with a few quick and ruthless moves, they sliced him into several pieces.

"Who am I? I’ll let you all know who I am now! " Long Xueyi said with a cold face. A white light flashed on her delicate body, and in an instant, she turned into a gigantic and beautiful white dragon.

In that dragon just now, there were all kinds of colors. It was just that there was no white color. It could be seen that the white dragon was very rare!

As everyone looked at Bai Long in astonishment, the other dozen or so dragons had already arrived. They turned into half human and half dragon, charging into the crowd and starting a massacre.

Long Xueyi had also turned into her human form, because there were too many enemies. If her body was too big, she would suffer a loss.

These Holy Dragon Warriors were very powerful. Their bodies were half human, half dragon, and they were covered in dragon scales. Their hands turned into dragon claws, and they were extremely powerful divine weapons. The weaker ones were easily torn apart by them.

The people of the Fierce Saber Race and the Soul River Divine Race had never thought that there would actually be a race stronger than them in this world, and that was the dragon race!

Song Tianchuan and the others were also dumbstruck. They knew that these Holy Dragon Warriors had only just stepped into the Aoshi Holy Stage, but their power was so terrifying, the early stage of Aoshi Holy Stage was like a rag in the eyes of the Holy Dragon Warriors, being easily ripped apart by the dragon claws.

When the divine weapons hit the dragon scales of the Holy Dragon Warriors, they would only emit tinkling sounds, unable to break through the defense of the dragon scales.

"I’m dead, kill all of you!" Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to Song Tianchuan and the others. He had two Poison monkey cooperate with Song Tianchuan and weaken the strength of the two.

As long as Song Tianchuan and the other three saw the scratches on their faces, they would immediately rush over and easily kill them.

Chen Xiang did not have the cooperation of Poison monkey, but he had Six Realms mirrors and Heavenly magic sword. When he threw the Six Realms mirrors out, no matter how strong the person’s body was, as long as they were hit by the Six Realms mirrors, they would immediately disintegrate.

Six Realms mirrors’s internal organs already contained an extremely strong power, and it was even refined from a small number of Tao-creation Holy stone and a large number of Crystal emperor.

Those people at the foot of the mountain who were not Fierce Saber Race s or Soul River Divine Race s, looked at the hundreds of Fierce Saber Race s and Soul River Divine Race s on the mountain being slaughtered by more than a dozen dragons and were extremely shocked in their hearts!

Fierce Saber Race and Soul River Divine Race were normally as arrogant as they could be, they were one of the strongest races in the World Defying Stage Soul River, but now they were being massacred by people, and by dozens of dragons at that!

"This place is yours!" Seeing that there were fewer and fewer Fierce Saber Race s, Chen Xiang shouted at Song Tianchuan and the others before rushing to another battlefield.

Eight elders were fighting fiercely with the Holy Dragon Warriors led by Long Jiuxiao. When Chen Xiang arrived, he saw that more than thirty dragons were already riddled with scars. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Fierce Saber Race and Soul River Divine Race, these old fellows who were at the peak of the later stages of the Aoshi Holy Stage, were powerful after all.

The dragons in the sky released waves of domineering power to suppress the eight old men. The eight old men gathered together and released a protective barrier, blocking the combined attacks of the dragons in the air and occasionally using their divine weapons to launch fierce attacks. Just like that, the Saint Dragon Warriors were injured.

"Xiao Ke’er, create the strongest killing array from the Six Realms mirrors. It would be best if it can only be activated by absorbing the power of a group of dragons." Chen Xiang said to Feng Ke’er.

"No problem!" Feng Ke’er quickly found a killing array. "You can begin! The Berserk Dragon’s Terminator Array! "

Chen Xiang controlled the Six Realms mirrors to grow a little bigger, and then he faced the eight elders with the reflection of the Six Realms mirrors. Of course, when the eight elders saw this, he disapproved.

"Pour your power into the Six Realms mirrors!" Chen Xiang whispered to Long Jiuxiao and Long Zhiyu.

"Is that a problem?" Long Jiuxiao was a little worried, because they were very strong in terms of strength. He felt that the Six Realms mirrors might not be able to hold on, even though the Six Realms mirrors seemed to have changed its appearance.

"No problem, come at me!" Chen Xiang shouted, "Hurry!"