Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Long Jiuxiao and Long Zhiyu could only trust Chen Xiang now. They also knew that Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors was extremely mysterious, able to display all kinds of abilities.

"Attack Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors. Long Jiuxiao sent a sound transmission to the Holy Dragon Warriors.

"One, two, three ..." Long Jiuxiao roared, and the group of dragons in the sky all spat out extremely strong energy beams from their mouths, and all of them struck Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors.

After the Six Realms mirrors received the vast Dragon Power, it immediately activated the killing array inside, aimed straight at the eight elderly people on the ground and released a colorful light beam, which struck the protective barrier released by the eight elderly people!

The killing array released a beam of light that contained a strong power. After it shot out, it burst out with light like a tidal wave, engulfing the entire valley. The mysterious lake was already enveloped by the strong mist.

The surrounding mountains were shaking as well, releasing all the power they could muster. With the area as the center, everything within ten thousand kilometers began to tremble violently. The birds and beasts were scared to the point of flying away.

They looked at the giant dragons in the sky that covered the sky, and their hearts were filled with reverence. Their previous thought of taking advantage of the dragon had disappeared, but they did not dare to do so again, otherwise, the consequences would be very serious. If a powerful race like the Fierce Saber Race or the Soul River Divine Race were killed, it would be even worse than killing small fry like them.

On the other side of the mountain was the battle between experts. The spectators couldn’t see it, they only knew that the dragons in the sky were constantly attacking the eight old men.

The eight elders had seen Chen Xiang earlier, but they did not think much of it, because they could determine that it was a human, so they did not put it to heart. However, when they saw the group of dragons attack the Six Realms mirrors that Chen Xiang had released, they knew that something was amiss.

By the time they saw that he was activating a killing array, it was already too late.

"That brat... "What is his background?" An old man laid on the ground. His body was only half left, and his head was bleeding profusely.

Earlier, they had seen how Long Zhiyu, the World Defying holy dragon, brought Chen Xiang into the lake. A few days later, a strong dragon appeared out of nowhere, leaving them unable to react in time.

The other elders’ bodies were also in pieces. Although they were heavily injured, they were still alive. However, they looked even worse off than death.

Long Zhiyu turned back into his human form and descended from the sky. The other Holy Dragon Warriors also turned back into their human forms and returned to the center of the lake to heal their wounds.

On the other side of the mountain, hundreds of Fierce Saber Race s and Fierce Saber Race s had already been killed by Long Xueyi and dozens of dragons, as well as Song Tianchuan and the others.

"Fierce Saber Race, Soul River Divine Race, you were being arrogant before, what about now?" Long Zhiyu looked at their broken bodies and sneered.

"Sooner or later, we will kill all of you." They had already realized that above World Defying Stage Soul River, there was a clan. Although it was a small tribe, it was very scary.

On the World Defying Stage Soul River, their race had always been lawless and tyrannical, because they, these powerful races, had allied together. No one could resist them, but now, there was a race stronger than them, and also opposing them.

Even in the entire Myriad Tao, he would no longer be their ruler! 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"You’re still being stubborn!" Long Zhiyu released a burst of flames and burned these severely injured elders as he coldly said. "From now on, World Defying Stage Soul River will no longer be your ruler. Just you wait."

Before they died, those elders were being burned by the flames. They were in unbearable pain, and they let out vicious shouts and curses.

"If they had not been greedy and wanted to steal my things and enslave me, they would not have ended up like this. This is all their fault. Let’s go." Long Zhiyu had a master, but that master was already dead.

Chen Xiang also knew that Long Zhiyu always hated Fierce Saber Race and Soul River Divine Race very much. Now, it seemed that her master’s death was most likely related to these two tyrannical and unreasonable races.

Returning to the small island on the lake, Long Xueyi laughed charmingly: "This is great, hundreds of usually arrogant and domineering fellows were all blown away by our slaughter, scaring those who were spectating as if they had seen a ghost."

Long Zhiyu was currently in a great mood, because she would no longer be alone in the future. There was a large group of dragons with her!

In the past, she was always by herself, and moreover, she was always worried about being hunted. Alone, she had never dared to come into contact with anyone, so she had spent a very long period of time. It was only when she met Chen Xiang and saw him releasing the Red fire dragon that she felt a sense of familiarity.

But now, when she found out that Long Jiuxiao’s Dragon Clan had over a hundred thousand dragons, she was very excited!

"Your dragon race is truly powerful. They don’t need divine artifacts or divine armor, so they’re very terrifying." Song Tianchuan gasped in admiration. During the battle just now, he had seen many Fierce Saber Race s and Soul River Divine Race being torn to shreds by the Warriors who had turned into human dragons.

"You can, too." Long Jiuxiao chuckled: "As long as you use a Dragon Blood’s body transformation, you can also transform into a dragon ... We often do this in the Heavenly Dragon City, allowing many humans to possess the power of our dragon race, making them stronger. "

"Is this true?" The Old Man Qin was pleasantly surprised, the dragon’s power was terrifying, if they could control it, they would become stronger.

"It must be true. We can start right now." Long Jiuxiao said: "I’m the most skilled in this aspect, let me help you guys."

Du Rouke and Yu Yilan looked at Chen Xiang, and Chen Xiang nodded at them: "Indeed you can. You guys believe in Senior Jiu Xiao, I have also tried this before, and it was extremely smooth. You just need to choose a pair of Dragon Blood with the same profound strength attribute."

"I am of the thunder attribute. I need the blood of the thunder dragon." Du Rouke said.

"Yes!" Long Jiuxiao laughed.

"Let me help you, I’m doing this too." Long Xueyi laughed. In Hundreds of Flowers Village, she had indeed helped some human girls to change their physiques and master the Dragon Blood.

Long Zhiyu said: "The enchantment here is very strong, and even if a strong expert at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage comes here, it will be difficult to break it. All you need to do is to sense the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul here. By devouring the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul and refining its power, you will be able to become strong. "

"Grandma Long, what’s on the other side of World Defying Stage Soul River?" Chen Xiang asked: "That river is extremely terrifying ... You can’t swim there directly, you can only fly there. You can fly, have you ever tried it? "