Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

When Chen Xiang came to the World Defying Stage Soul River, he was by the river but he could not see the other side. Only when he met Song Tianchuan and the others later on did he know how terrifying the other side was, and at night, a large amount of World Defying Stage Fierce Soul would come out from the river to look for food.

"I don’t know. That river is very strange and very difficult to fly across, especially in the middle of the river ..." That place is filled with darkness and it is also the place where a large amount of World Defying Stage Fierce Soul is the most active. Long Zhiyu said as he furrowed his brows, "Chen Xiang, it’s best that you do not act rashly. That place is truly frightening."

Song Tianchuan and the others also warned Chen Xiang repeatedly. Right now, they knew that Chen Xiang was a very daring guy.

, Li Baojun and the other Alchemist s are also becoming more and more powerful, I hope that when the time comes, their elixirs will be able to condense Aohun holy Dan. " Long Jiuxiao said: "We need to bring more Dragon Warriors here and increase our strength."

The small island was relatively small, but the lake was very large. It was large enough to expand the island. To these dragon elders, this was a piece of cake.

Song Tianchuan and the others were all immersed in the Dragon Blood, and Long Zhiyu had also joined in. She also wanted to try and see how the transformation worked, as she was in charge of Du Rouke and his group.

At night, Long Xueyi leaned into Chen Xiang’s embrace and sat on the roof with him, staring at the few threads of light that floated in the pitch-black sky.

"That is the higher level World Defying Stage Soul River. They are really mysterious. I wonder how they are going to get up there." Long Xueyi blinked his eyes as he watched.

"You can fly. Try and see if you can fly up." Chen Xiang laughed and caressed Long Xueyi’s hair, "I think it would be easier to check the other side of the river first."

"Yeah, I had the same idea." After Long Xueyi found out about what had happened on the other side of World Defying Stage Soul River, he was extremely curious. Back then, when she was together with Chen Xiang, she would often go out of her way with him to adventure, and when she thought back to this period of time, she was always very happy in her heart.

Chen Xiang kissed her lips and said softly: "Why don’t we choose a time and try it out? Are you afraid? "

"I’m not afraid of anything when I’m with you, just leave." Long Xueyi laughed.

"Not yet!" Chen Xiang said: "Wait for the news from Heavenly Dragon City!"

Actually, after Chen Xiang planned to leave this place, he wanted to make a trip to the Ancient Fire Divine Sect as he looked for Lei Yichen.

Early morning on the second day, the Transmission array on the small island trembled, and three people were teleported over. Just as Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi arrived beside the Transmission array, they saw Gu Dongchen, Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou!

"Hello, Junior Martial Uncle!" Seeing Chen Xiang, Gu Dongchen immediately smiled and greeted: "You’re getting stronger and stronger!"

But Chen Xiang ignored him, and looked at Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou while grinning.

Su Meiyao was wearing a light purple skin-tight clothes, making her curvaceous and curvaceous, making her look very seductive, and at the moment, she was giggling and looking at Chen Xiang with her seductive eyes. That kind of seductive charm caused Chen Xiang to be unable to control himself.

The white dress was like ice and snow, causing her to look even more breathtaking. Although she gave people a feeling of ice, when she looked at Chen Xiang, her ice-cold eyes carried a trace of gentleness.

Chen Xiang knew that when Bai Youyou was moved by her emotions, the charm that shot out from within her muscles and bones was simply fatal. He had already experienced it before, it was even more captivating than a beauty that was on the surface, like Su Meiyao that could captivate people’s souls and eat their bones.

This kind of charm could only be enjoyed by him alone. Normally, Bai Youyou would hide it very mysteriously, and only when he had his beloved, clear and beautiful meeting, would it be hard to hide it.

Gu Dongchen curled his lips. He could not help but curse in his heart that this animal Chen Xiang had actually ignored him, and continued to look at those two beautiful girls of his.

"Little martial uncle, little martial uncle ..." "Cough, cough." Gu Dongchen realized that he really did not exist and coughed dryly.

"Got it, go away!" Chen Xiang finally shot a glance at him before she hurried forward and held onto Su Meiyao’s and Bai Youyou’s small hands.

Gu Dongchen silently sighed, while Long Xueyi giggled at the side.

"Junior Martial Nephew, why have you come as well?" Long Xueyi asked, because she was Chen Xiang’s wife, her position was higher than Gu Dongchen’s, so Gu Dongchen could do nothing about it, because Long Xueyi was even more unreasonable than Chen Xiang.

"Because the Transmission array does not need to be activated by Crystal emperor anymore!" Gu Dongchen said: "Since we can directly absorb the Heaven Old Super Realm’s energy and store it for a period of time, then we can activate it once, and then when the two of them said that they wanted to see Chen Xiang, we came together."

"Right, where’s Boss Ninehorn?" Gu Dongchen asked.

"He’s refining a Draconian inside." Long Xueyi patted Gu Dongchen’s shoulder, and said while laughing: "Junior Apprentice Nephew, now I am a Aoshi Holy Stage, and you are only a Peak of World Defying crazy realm, I feel that I can defeat you with a single punch."

"I know you are powerful, even if I were to enter the Aoshi Holy Stage now, you would still be able to defeat me." Gu Dongchen curled his lips, then entered the house to look for Long Jiuxiao.

Long Xueyi then skipped over to Su Meiyao’s side.

"Sisters, you’ve come. Don’t go back." Long Xueyi laughed, "Didn’t we always be together in the past? Little Scoundrel is preparing to explore a place, let’s go together. "

In the past, Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou had always been in the Serene Jade Ring, and Long Xueyi was also present. They had been together for such a long time that their relationship was the deepest.

They originally only wanted to see Chen Xiang, and coincidentally, had nothing to do. Now that Long Xueyi had said this, it also brought back their memories of the past.

"At that time, just let Junior Martial Nephew go back and inform us." Long Xueyi laughed tenderly: "Little Scoundrel, hurry up and let them step into the Aoshi Holy Stage, when that time comes, it’ll be hard for them to return!"

Su Meiyao said: "My pill spirit has already evolved, and can form Aohun holy Dan, it’s just that I haven’t started to eat it myself."

Bai Youyou was not in a hurry to breakthrough, and asked some questions about the World Defying Stage Soul River.

Long Xueyi liked to say it the most, so Chen Xiang let her say what she wanted to say. She then told Bai Youyou about the great battle between the Dragon and Earth, and briefly explained the Fierce Saber Race and the Soul River Divine Race here.

Finally, she talked about the World Defying Stage Soul River’s mysterious opposite bank.

"Chen Xiang, you have just entered the Aoshi Holy Stage, right?!" Bai Youyou said: "I think it’s not too appropriate to go over now, why not wait till you reach the middle stage of Aoshi Holy Stage!"

Bai Youyou was still extremely cautious. She and Su Meiyao both knew that Chen Xiang and Long Xueyi liked to be reckless, so they had to follow Chen Xiang more now. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates