Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

But if it is possible, I will let you guys try and see if you can step into the middle stage of Aoshi Holy Stage! Because during this period of time, I have to go find someone. " Chen Xiang said, he was going to look for Lei Yichen.

For safety’s sake, he planned to let Lei Yichen refine the Tao-creation Holy stone that he just approved of into either a Six Realms mirrors or a Heavenly magic sword.

"Alright, then let’s start now." Su Meiyao nodded: "Let’s enter the You Yao Mountain Villa to see just how many girls you have accepted in this period of time."

After Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou entered the You Yao Mountain Villa, they had only seen Jiang Sijing and Jiang Simei. This was something that they had already known since long ago, and it was to help Chen Xiang refine pills or take care of flowers. Then, it was Jiang Lisi and Jiang Sihua.

In order to improve their relationship, Su Meiyao released his pill spirit. She was also an extremely beautiful young lady, and actually had some similarities with Su Meiyao. She looked like a young lady, but she was extremely charming.

"What’s the name of this pill spirit?" Chen Xiang asked curiously.

"Su Xiao Yao is my younger sister." Su Meiyao scoffed, "Don’t have any ideas about her!"

Chen Xiang curled his lips, but did not say anything.

Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou never thought that Chen Xiang’s You Yao Mountain Villa would have so few women, they thought that Chen Xiang would definitely stir up a lot of flowers and grass when he was outside for so many years, and he suddenly became so obedient.

Feng Ke’er also ran out, with more people, it became more lively, and she also had more playmates.

Chen Xiang came to the outside of a room and said to Long Zhiyu who was inside: "Grandma Long, I want to make a trip to Ancient Fire Divine Sect!"

"Oh? Why would they go to Ancient Fire Divine Sect? You caused so much trouble, yet you still dare to go there! " Long Zhiyu already knew what happened inside, even the Leader’s Blood fire sword was in his hands.

The eight great elders of the Ancient Fire Divine Sect were very strong, their strength was not inferior to the eight old men that surrounded the place before. Furthermore, there were some fellows at the peak of the Aoshi Holy Stage hiding, such as Qin Shuang’s grandmother and Lei Yichen’s master Lei Bingyun.

"It’s an important matter. My master might be restricted in there, and I need his help earlier." Chen Xiang said: "Grandma Long, do you remember the Tao-creation Holy stone I obtained? I have already acknowledged it, but I am unable to refine this kind of thing, so I need my master’s help. "

"Okay, but you have to be careful." Long Zhiyu said: "Qin Shuang has her grandmother’s protection, she should be safer in Ancient Fire Divine Sect. You should try to contact your master through Qin Shuang, don’t easily step into Ancient Fire Divine Sect."

"Alright, I’ll go greet Senior Jiu Xiao!" Chen Xiang stood outside the door and said: "Yi Lan, Kou Rou, follow Granny Long and cultivate well. This is a rare opportunity, see you later."

"Take care!" Du Rouke and Yu Yilan said at the same time.

When Chen Xiang went to look for Long Jiuxiao, Song Tianchuan knew that he had to leave.

"Don’t worry, I won’t be reckless." Chen Xiang laughed.

"a lad, after you return, help me greet my old friends! Oh right, sister Meiyao and elder sister You You You will not be going back. Chen Xiang said to Gu Dongchen.

"Alright, since the Heaven Old Super Realm and the Divine Wasteland are both under our control, everyone is working hard to improve them. It won’t be long before they reach this place." Gu Dongchen said with ambition.

After saying his goodbyes, Chen Xiang left the island and opened the barrier.

The outside world was completely silent. No one dared to approach this place right now, not to mention the hidden dragons. Just the murderous aura left behind here alone was enough to scare away many people.

Chen Xiang entered the Six Realms mirrors s, which rolled around and headed towards the place where he came from.

He remembered that when he came to the World Defying Stage Soul River, he had appeared by the river side. There, he hid a small Transmission array well, but he needed Crystal emperor s to open it.

"You need to consume so many Crystal emperor to get here, you can’t afford it!" After Chen Xiang walked out of the Sky River Mountain Range, he changed his appearance and entered the small city. At this time, the small city had already exploded, and there were more and more people gathering.

When the World Defying Stage Soul River and the Fierce Saber Race found out about this, they were naturally very angry. They had suffered heavy losses, and the deaths of so many Aoshi Holy Stage s had shaken their very foundations.

The sudden appearance of so many dragons was incomprehensible to many people. It was as if that place was a dragon’s nest, a huge pile suddenly appeared after Fierce Saber Race and the Soul River Divine Race went over to poke it.

Through asking around, Chen Xiang found out that there was a teleportation path that led to the Myriad Tao in a large city.

At this time, there were a few people who wanted to return to Myriad Tao. These were the people from various powers, and they had returned to inform Myriad Tao about the situation.

He would need Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals to go back, but Chen Xiang didn’t have that many, so he could only use the old method of hiding himself first, then using the Time and space power to go through the barrier and become a small worm that hid in a person’s bag.

There were already a lot of people here, so when they reached a certain number, they would open the teleportation gate.

Chen Xiang waited for two days before he had enough people. After the teleportation channel was opened, Chen Xiang successfully returned to the Myriad Tao.

"Heaven Fire City, hurry up and leave a secret note there."

Chen Xiang quickly rushed to the Heaven Fire City, and when he left a secret note there, he also heard about someone talking about the World Defying Stage Soul River. After all, the appearance of a hundred dragons on the was an extremely terrifying thing, and they even killed a large number of experts from the Fierce Saber Race and the Fierce Saber Race, so no matter how he looked at it, he could tell how powerful the Hundred Dragon was.

After leaving those in mind, Chen Xiang went over to the familiar inn. He also noted that Qin Shuang would come to the inn to find him, and at that time, Qin Shuang would just need to ask the shopkeeper about his room.

"Alright, I’ll use the Time Domain on you again!" The last time Chen Xiang was waiting for the teleportation gate, he had used it once, but only once. Because there was Su Meiyao and the three pellets inside, it took him a lot of energy and he was in a concealed state so he could not use his power to its peak.

Now, he could use the second stage of Time Domain.

After using it, there would be a day outside and thirty months inside. Chen Xiang didn’t have to wait outside for long before they could eat a large number of Aohun holy Dan and step into the Aoshi Holy Stage. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

A few days later, Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou successfully stepped into the Aoshi Holy Stage. This made Chen Xiang very happy, and made them hurriedly come out of the You Yao Mountain Villa.

Just as Chen Xiang was having fun, there was a sudden knock on the door. It was really Qin Shuang!