Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Little Scoundrel, who’s here? "So nervous?" Su Meiyao lightly pinched Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang tidied up his clothes and said: "Yes ... A friend is a long story, you guys should know about the Super Yang Old Ancestor, right? "

Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou had both stayed in the Divine Soil Restricted Area before, so they naturally knew about that lowly Spirit of Divine Alter.

The reason they were able to come here now was also because Super Yang Old Ancestor had left a Transmission array behind in the Divine Soil Restricted Area.

"Is this person outside related to the Super Yang Old Ancestor?" Su Meiyao hastily tidied up his clothes, the person who came was actually related to the Super Yang Old Ancestor, it had to be said that the Super Yang Old Ancestor was a very impressive person who refined weapons, it had already become a legend, Xue Xianxian and the other grandmasters who refined arrays were all very respectful to the Super Yang Old Ancestor.

"The granddaughter of the Super Yang Old Ancestor." Chen Xiang said.

"Humph!" Su Meiyao was instantly filled with jealousy, and snorted lightly: "I knew you, this bastard, was dishonest ... But come to think of it, how exactly did you hook up with Super Yang Old Ancestor’s granddaughter, she should be very strong! "

Qin Shuang was very strong indeed. Chen Xiang felt that it would take a lot of time before he could tell Su Meiyao what had happened between them.

"I’ll tell you guys when I have time. He’s waiting outside."

Chen Xiang walked over to open the door.

After opening the door, Qin Shuang, who was wearing a black tight-fitting clothing, stood outside. She was still wearing her bamboo hat and hid herself very well.

"Why so long?" Qin Shuang hastily pushed Chen Xiang in, and then quickly closed the door.

After Qin Shuang closed the door, she looked into the room and immediately scolded in her heart. She saw two great beauties here, especially this kind of charming woman like Su Meiyao, even she had the desire to subdue them.

As for the other white-clothed woman who was leaning against the window with her arms crossed, she was currently exuding a cold air. She was cold and elegant, with a faint valiant aura. It was obvious that she was an ice-cold and tyrannical woman.

Bai Youyou and Su Meiyao were both sizing up Qin Shuang, especially Bai Youyou. This was because Bai Youyou was using the Icy cold power, and just like Qin Shuang, he was also a cold and beautiful woman.

"Xiao Shuangshuang, let me introduce these two to you. It’s my wife, Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou. " Chen Xiang coughed dryly twice, then said to the two women: "This is Super Yang Old Ancestor’s granddaughter, Qin Shuang!"

"Hello everyone!" Qin Shuang did not know when Chen Xiang had two wives, but when she saw that Su Meiyao and his temperament was not ordinary, she knew that the two girls were not of an ordinary background.

"Hello!" Su Meiyao smiled charmingly.

Out of politeness, Bai Youyou revealed a smile and greeted Qin Shuang.

"Chen Xiang, when did you suddenly have two wives?" Qin Shuang frowned: "Did you meet him above World Defying Stage Soul River?"

Qin Shuang was still more concerned about Chen Xiang’s matters. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

"What happened a long time ago ... We went to the World Defying Stage Soul River through the Divine Soil Restricted Area’s Transmission array. " Su Meiyao said: "That Transmission array was built by your grandfather. Your grandfather is really amazing.

"I don’t know, I’m looking for him! My grandmother is currently in the Ancient Fire Divine Sect. She said that my grandfather would return to the Ancient Fire Divine Sect, but I think that’s not possible. " Qin Shuang couldn’t help but sigh as he thought of his grandfather.

"Xiao Shuangshuang, can you help me call out my master Lei Yichen? I have something important to find him for! " Chen Xiang said: "The faster the better."

"That’s not a problem. The restrictions on him are not that big. On the other hand, I’m being watched by the eight Elders all day long. I have to be very careful when I come out." Qin Shuang said: "After I go back, I’ll have him come here to find you."

"Xiao Shuangshuang, I think that your grandfather might be on the other side of World Defying Stage Soul River." Chen Xiang said: "Have you heard about the things on the other side of World Defying Stage Soul River?"

Qin Shuang frowned, and shook his head: "My grandmother isn’t willing to tell me too much about the World Defying Stage Soul River."

Chen Xiang immediately told Qin Shuang about what happened on the other side of World Defying Stage Soul River.

After Qin Shuang heard this, his face was in deep thought.

"It seems like this is very possible. Right now, the most mysterious place on the Myriad Tao is the World Defying Stage Soul River, but the other side of the World Defying Stage Soul River is so mysterious. Maybe my grandfather went over there." Qin Shuang was pleasantly surprised.

"Why don’t you come with us?" Su Meiyao laughed tenderly: "You can’t always stay in the Ancient Fire Divine Sect and wait. Your strength isn’t weak and you’re also the granddaughter of the Super Yang Old Ancestor.

"Alright, my Purple Yang Excalibur is still in Ancient Fire Divine Sect, let my grandmother refine it for me. She has already refined the Tao-creation Holy stone into it, it will take some time." Qin Shuang hesitated for a moment, but in the end, he nodded his head and agreed.

She had originally wanted to go with Chen Xiang, but since Chen Xiang and his two wives were together, she felt a little embarrassed. However, now that Su Meiyao had invited her, it showed that he didn’t mind her going with him.

"Xiao Shuangshuang, how did you know this little scoundrel? Has he bullied you? " Su Meiyao giggled as he pulled Qin Shuang’s small hand, and then rolled his eyes at Chen Xiang who wanted to interrupt.

Qin Shuang remembered that when Chen Xiang had secretly kissed her when she entered the Transmission array, a trace of anger existed in her heart, but she did not say it out loud.

"We’ll have to start from the Purple Yang Excalibur and the Bai Family. Have you guys been to the Divine Soil Restricted Area before?" Qin Shuang asked.

"Sword clan Bai Family, of course we know about it! Every time we go to Divine Soil Restricted Area, Bai Xuelan would come to us and ask us about this little scoundrel. Even though she knows that this little scoundrel is very bad, she would still think of him everyday. "

Su Meiyao glared at Chen Xiang, and snorted: What kind of bewitchment did you give her? "He’s causing trouble for the girls again."

Chen Xiang had an expression on his face that said ’I don’t know anything’. He was indeed wronged, but he did not do anything to Bai Xuelan.

"Maybe it’s because I’m too handsome and my charm is limitless." Chen Xiang said in all seriousness: "Weren’t you also enchanted by me to the point of having your divine soul turned upside down?"

Qin Shuang told the story of the Purple Yang Excalibur to Bai Youyou and his sister. Back then, when Qin Shuang was fighting in front of the Bai Family, they had heard of him too.

Qin Shuang, who had personally experienced it, spoke in detail.

Qin Shuang also asked about the matters of the Divine Soil Restricted Area. She was extremely concerned about the matters of the Divine Soil Restricted Area since it was her grandfather’s effort after all, and she didn’t have time to return to take a look.

After talking for two hours, Chen Xiang finally urged Qin Shuang to hurry up and return to Ancient Fire Divine Sect to ask Lei Yichen to come and find him.

After Qin Shuang left, Su Meiyao pinched Chen Xiang’s ears, and laughed: "Qin Shuang is hiding something, have you bullied others before?"

"Alright, I admit it. I made a joke with her before and secretly kissed her on the lips. That’s all!" Chen Xiang had no choice but to tell Su Meiyao about this.

Su Meiyao had asked Qin Shuang a few times just now whether he bullied her. Each time, Qin Shuang would stop when she wanted to speak, and there was a trace of lovely anger in her eyes.