Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

In the next few days, during the daytime, Chen Xiang brought Su Meiyao, Bai Youyou and the others to shop and look at the Heaven Fire City. Chapter Text Reading -

Su Meiyao was more interested in medicine pills, but the medicine here was controlled by the large clans. Good pills were usually sold by auction at irregular intervals, and the ones that were usually sold were usually more ordinary or even worse.

In other words, a pill refined during practice would only have a tiny bit of use, but it was sold at an exorbitant price.

At night, he would lie on the bed and say some sweet words...

On the seventh day after Qin Shuang left, someone suddenly knocked on Chen Xiang’s door with great force. and the rest were currently in the You Yao Mountain Villa, because the three young girls were able to condense Aohun holy Dan everyday. They did not have much to do, so they decided to eat pills and cultivate inside.

Chen Xiang didn’t even need to sense his presence to know that the person knocking on the door was definitely his master.

"Damn brat, you’re not dead? That’s great!" After opening the ’door,’ Lei Yichen saw Chen Xiang and was very happy. He immediately pushed him into the ’door’.

"Master, do you really think I’m dead?" Chen Xiang curled his lips.

"This... At that time, my master said that even if you could escape, you would not live long because you will be able to bring out a power that is many times stronger than yourself. "" At that time, my master said that it would definitely harm your body greatly.

After Lei Yichen finished speaking, he scolded in a low voice: "My master is speaking nonsense, he makes me worry to death."

"Master, what happened to the Tao-creation’s incantations?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously: "Xiao Shuangshuang said that if I can control the Tao-creation’s incantation, I can obtain a lot of power, but I do not know how to control it, the Tao-creation’s incantation is inside the Six Realms mirrors."

"I don’t quite understand either. In short, my master said that I need to integrate the Tao-creation’s incantation into my body and soul. When I need to use it, I can make the Tao-creation’s incantation release its power, and increase it by many times." Lei Yichen shook his head and said: "I’m afraid that you will have to comprehend this yourself."

"Master, I have a piece of Tao-creation Holy stone here. Would you like to refine it into my sword or the Six Realms mirrors?" Chen Xiang took out the Tao-creation Holy stone that was the size of a grain, and it had already become a light white color as it emitted a weak white light.

Lei Yichen was surprised that he actually had a Tao-creation Holy stone. He had lived for so long, yet he had not obtained one.

"Of course it’s better to refine it into a Six Realms mirrors!" Lei Yichen said: "You do not need to refine your divine sword, because if you can control the Tao-creation’s incantation in the future, you will be able to imbue the Tao-creation’s incantation into your divine sword, and then you will be able to create enemies. Furthermore, refining the Tao-creation’s Holy stone into the Six Realms mirrors, can make them stronger, and suppress the Tao-creation’s incantation, otherwise they will run away."

"There’s actually such a thing!" "Then Master, please help me refine it. Did you bring the tools?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course! I’ve got these guys with me. " Lei Yichen snickered.

Chen Xiang was in a hurry right now. After thinking for a moment, he said: "Master, how about you enter my furnace to refine the pill? I used the power of time on you because I needed it more urgently. " Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Alright, anyway, I can study the Tao-creation’s incantations in passing!" Lei Yichen was more anxious to refine the Tao-creation Incantation, and he also hoped to refine the Six Realms mirrors once again. This will give him the chance to understand the Tao-creation Incantation.

Because he had heard his master say that in the past, Super Yang Old Ancestor and Gu Tong had once come into contact with the Tao-creation’s incantation, they were both able to become extremely powerful master refiners.

After Lei Yichen entered the Tianchuang furnace, he took a deep breath and used the power of time.

"I wonder how much energy will be consumed in the use of the Triple time field?" Chen Xiang tried and discovered that he had lost a lot of energy, "Could it be because master is more powerful? So when I use it on him, I consume a lot of energy? "

If it was the Triple time field, then one day outside would mean more than seventy years within the domain. With so much time, it would be more than enough for Lei Yichen.

"With so much time, I should be enough time for master to study the Tao-creation’s incantations." When Chen Xiang used the power of the Six beasts, it allowed him to sustain energy consumption.

He had originally planned to let Lei Yichen enter his Divine Sense Sea World to refine, but after thinking about how Lei Yichen was powerful, and how accidents might happen during the refining process, such as explosions, had a huge impact on his Divine Sense Sea, so he let Lei Yichen enter the Tianchuang furnace. Even if something happened inside, the Tianchuang furnace could resist a little.

It was a good thing that his You Yao Mountain Villa was growing a large amount of flowers and trees that were filled with all kinds of energy. At the same time, he could only absorb a little of the energy and at the same time, eat the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Pellets that he had stored inside to replenish his energy.

A day had passed, and when Chen Xiang withdrew his Time Domain, he felt a sense of exhaustion.

"Master, how is it?" Chen Xiang shouted.

Lei Yichen did not make a sound.

"Master!" Chen Xiang shouted again.

"Great harvest!" "The Tao-creation’s incantation is extremely mysterious. Over the years, I have only comprehended seven of the Tao-creation’s incantations, but I have benefited greatly from it."

"Haha, now that I have mastered the Tao-creation’s incantation, I will have a big breakthrough!" Lei Yichen laughed wildly.

Chen Xiang curled his lips and said: "This is mainly because you have picked up a very powerful disciple;

"Hmph, I worked so hard to forge for you. Isn’t that something good? Such a competent teacher, where are you going to find him? " In his heart, he was extremely ’agitated’ towards Chen Xiang. If not for Chen Xiang, he would not have been able to come into contact with the Tao-creation’s incantation.

"Your Six Realms mirrors is done refining!" Lei Yichen came out from the Tianchuang furnace and said.

Chen Xiang took it and looked at it, "You’re still the same as before!"

"Tao-creation Incantation, Dao Extinguishing Bronze, do you know what that means? Those bronze are no ordinary bronze. " Lei Yichen said: "This type of Bronze is extremely mysterious. Normally, after being refined by the Tao-creation Incantation, it would turn into this type of Bronze."

"Therefore, most of the divine tools refined by Gu Tong back then were bronze in color."

"Super Yang Old Ancestor has also mastered the Tao-creation’s incantation, but the divine tool he refined is not." Chen Xiang said.

"That’s because the Tao-creation has not mastered enough Tao-creation’s Incantation. If we have Gu Tong’s amount, it would turn into Destruction Bronze." Lei Yichen said: "In other words, the power released by the Tao-creation’s incantation can turn into the power of the bronze exterminator. Only with the power of the Tao-creation can it exterminate the exterminator. This is a very terrifying power."

"Alright, thank you master!" Chen Xiang kept the Six Realms mirrors well.