Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

When Chen Xiang saw Lei Yichen’s excited expression, he knew that his excitement was unnecessary. He felt that it should be Lei Yichen who ’stirred’ him up, because he was the one who gave Lei Yichen the chance to grasp the Tao-creation’s Incantation.

"Master, you don’t seem to be happy here in Ancient Fire Divine Sect." Chen Xiang’s eyes lit up, and suddenly said.

"That’s right!" The eight elders and Leader s of Ancient Fire Divine Sect are all a bunch of pigs, but they actually submitted to Fierce Saber Race and Soul River Divine Race.

Speaking of that, Lei Yichen’s face was filled with anger, the happiness on his face just now disappeared.

"Let’s leave Ancient Fire Divine Sect." Chen Xiang said.

"Alright!" Lei Yichen very straightforwardly said: "I had the same idea for a long time, since disciple is so supportive of me, then I cannot disappoint you."

Lei Yichen knew the hatred between Chen Xiang and Ancient Fire Divine Sect, the eight great elders inside hated Chen Xiang to the core.

"Master, how about going to World Defying Stage Soul River?" Chen Xiang laughed.

"Oh yeah, I heard that there was a group of dragons above World Defying Stage Soul River. It seems like this matter is related to World Defying holy dragon. Weren’t you World Defying holy dragon’s friend back then? Do you know what happened? "

Lei Yichen had also heard of this matter, and it was being spread crazily in the Ancient Fire Divine Sect. This was because after the Fierce Saber Race and the Soul River Divine Race investigated the World Defying holy dragon, they found out that the World Defying holy dragon was actually the disciple of the Ancient Fire Divine Sect.

"Of course I know. I was just going to let you go find them. It’s not wrong that you’re with them." Chen Xiang patted Lei Yichen’s shoulder, and laughed: "Who knows, it might not be long before you see my great master."

"Kid, you really know about this!" That group of dragons are really powerful, just thinking about it makes it great. " Lei Yichen laughed out loud. "Alright, after I go to World Defying Stage Soul River, I’ll go look for them ... Right, how can I find them? "

Chen Xiang took out a piece of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal and left his own mark inside it, as he already transmitted his words to Long Jiuxiao and Long Zhiyu.

"When the time comes, go to that lake and find a way to communicate with the people inside. Tell them that I told you to go find them, and then give this thing to them." Chen Xiang handed the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal over to Lei Yichen.

"Master, when are you planning to go?"

Lei Yichen laughed: "Of course it’s when the Ancient Fire Divine Sect is making the arrangements. If I were to go there myself, it would take a lot of time ... They will be sending people over very soon. I am an elder, so there will definitely be a quota. "

"Oh right, Master, what happened to the Tao-creation’s Incantation?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously: "Can you tell me something?"

"This is a very mysterious process! You need to comprehend the mysteries of this incantation, learn how to integrate your energy with this incantation and let the incantation release all of your energy. In short, the process is quite complicated, I only managed to master a few of them after dozens of years in your Time Domain. " Lei Yichen was also at a loss when he said it, because he found it difficult to express that kind of feeling.

"Alright, looks like I’ll have to rely on myself to comprehend it." Chen Xiang said. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Lei Yichen went back and continued to wait.

Before Qin Shuang went back, he needed to wait for her to refine her Purple Yang Excalibur. This would take some time.

After waiting for more than ten days, just as Chen Xiang was feeling depressed about why he still did not come, he heard a sound of explosion coming from outside, followed by a burst of cold air. The strange thing was, the cold air contained a hint of Sun madness fire’s power.

Only Qin Shuang could use the Icy cold power and release a Sun madness fire at the same time!

"Xiao Shuangshuang is fighting here, what is going on?" Chen Xiang’s heart skipped a beat and he immediately jumped down from the roof. Then, he ran towards the direction of the battle wave that came from.

While Chen Xiang was sprinting, he told the few women in the You Yao Mountain Villa that he might need them to fight in the battle. To be able to make Qin Shuang take action, they must be a group of stronger people.

After getting close, waves of scorching air continued to attack, the hot air entered his body, followed by a bone-piercing coldness. This feeling was extremely uncomfortable, and Qin Shuang’s current strength surprised Chen Xiang, Qin Shuang was only at the early stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, yet this kind of power.

Qin Shuang was in the spacious area of the city gate, fighting against the four men. She was holding onto her Purple Yang Excalibur, blocking their attacks, while the people from the Heaven Fire City, who were protecting the city, also rushed over.

"Xiao Shuangshuang, who are they?" Chen Xiang asked.

"One of them is from the Ancient Fire Divine Sect, and the other three are from the Fierce Saber Race and the Soul River Divine Race. They are in charge of following me and they suspect that I have met you in secret. Qin Shuang’s voice was filled with anger, she never thought that these people would be so afraid.

"They’re all only at the early stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, how dare they be so arrogant!" Chen Xiang snorted, then said to Bai Youyou: "Sister You You, do you want to go out and test your strength after making a breakthrough?"

"Alright!" Bai Youyou said coldly.

Chen Xiang called Bai Youyou to come out of the You Yao Mountain Villa. Bai Youyou was dressed in a black tight suit, and after she came out, she rushed like a demon towards one of the men who was controlling the dancing divine swords.

The man felt a burst of killing intent from behind him, when he noticed it, he only felt a light pat on his back, and by the time he slashed with his sword, Bai Youyou had already rushed towards another big sized man.

The man could not understand why Bai Youyou had only lightly patted him. Just as he was wondering, a cold feeling suddenly gushed out from his heart and he could not help but shiver. He felt that his body was as cold as ice, the bone-piercing coldness causing his entire body to feel pain.

Clang!

The godly sword he controlled fell to the ground. He had already lost the power to control the godly sword. He curled up on the ground, trembling like a dog.

"The Hail magic wind! "As expected of Sister You You You, she was actually able to continuously raise the level of her devilish arts. Even if it was the Aoshi Holy Stage, she was still able to completely unleash the power of her devilish arts." When Chen Xiang thought of this, he couldn’t help but admire him in his heart.

It could be said that Bai Youyou’s devil arts had been cultivation since he was young and had never given up. That was how many years had it been, how many realms had it been, and yet still hadn’t been abandoned by Bai Youyou. And with such power, it could be said that Bai Youyou was constantly upgrading his devil arts, modifying her devil arts.

Seeing Bai Youyou joining the battle and eliminating one of them, Qin Shuang felt much more relaxed.

With just one palm, he caused one person to fall. This kind of strange method caused people to panic, the big sized man did not know where Bai Youyou came from, but seeing a cold and killing intent lady coming over, it was as though she was facing a great enemy.

The middle aged man gave up on attacking Qin Shuang and chose to attack Bai Youyou instead. Raising the huge blade in his hand, he slashed at the approaching Bai Youyou, releasing several streams of Scorching Blade Qi.