Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

The enemy’s attack was very tyrannical, the places where the blade Qi passed all turned into lava, rushing towards Bai Youyou as if it was covering the entire sky.

Bai Youyou’s entire body was releasing cold qi, forming a protective shield around himself, when that wave of blade qi swept over, it was simply unable to penetrate the ice shield released by Bai Youyou.

Just a moment ago, Chen Xiang was still sweating profusely for Bai Youyou, so he could now be at ease.

The middle-aged man cursed in his heart. He did not know where this woman came from, but she was so strange. He did not believe what he was seeing and continued to strike out with his scorching energy.

Being protected by the layer of frost energy, Bai Youyou walked quickly amidst the wave of heat emitted by the blade energy. In just a few blinks of an eye, he had already passed through the wave of scorching blade energy and arrived next to the middle-aged man.

The middle-aged man was from Fierce Saber Race, and the blade in his hand had been transformed from his arm, but the bones inside had been melted by Bai Youyou! Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Bone-melting magic palm!" Chen Xiang’s heart trembled. The Bone-melting magic palm that Bai Youyou used was actually able to melt the bones of the Fierce Saber Race.

The fact that Fierce Saber Race used his arm as a wild blade showed that his arm was extremely sturdy, especially his bones. However, they had been melted by Bai Youyou, which made him extremely surprised.

"Seems like I have to learn from Bai Youyou in the future." Chen Xiang thought in his heart.

His other arm immediately turned into a wild blade, but Bai Youyou had already launched an attack consecutively, the energy in his palm was like a gale wave, surging forth like waves and smashing onto the body of the wild blade user!

The formless palm power strangely penetrated the defense of the muscles and went straight for the bones that were wrapped in flesh and blood. The bones were touched by this strange power and instantly disappeared.

The Raging Blade Master’s other arm had already been struck by this power, the bones inside were all gone!

Just as the Raging Blade Master had turned pale with fright, Bai Youyou had released both his palms, releasing an icy wave of energy that sealed the Raging Blade Master in ice. She then rushed over and struck the ice cube with her palm, causing the entire block of ice to instantly shatter and the people inside to also shatter.

She did not expect Bai Youyou to be so powerful. He did not use a weapon, and just fought with his bare hands against the Raging Blade Master, and with a few moves, killed one of them.

Of course, Bai Youyou had previously used the Hail magic wind to kill a Soul River Divine Race.

Of the four people present, two of them were killed by Bai Youyou, and at this time, Qin Shuang had also killed one of the Ancient Fire Divine Sect, leaving behind one of them, the Raging Blade Master.

"Let’s go!" Qin Shuang shouted.

Chen Xiang also felt a wave of aura approaching, and anxiously let Bai Youyou and Qin Shuang enter the You Yao Mountain Villa. Then, he used Counter Power Invisibility, and teleported to the crowd at a distance, following the crowd of people out of the city.

The experts of the Heaven Fire City had arrived, but it was already too late. All of the people who were following Qin Shuang had died, and those were all Aoshi Holy Stage s.

After Chen Xiang left the city, he went straight to the Transmission array constructed by the Super Yang Old Ancestor.

"Just now, it was really dangerous. Luckily, you guys came quickly." Qin Shuang looked at the flowers and plants in the You Yao Mountain Villa. There were all kinds of medicinal herbs used to concoct pills, which were innumerable.

"Chen Xiang, this brat, is really something. He only knows how to watch from the side and let two women fight him." Long Xueyi scoffed, "I thought he would attack, so I didn’t go out."

"I saw that Sister You You You was so powerful, so I didn’t do anything. When I wanted to do something, there was no need for me to do anything." What Chen Xiang said was the truth, and Bai Youyou had indeed dealt with those two fellows quickly.

Qin Shuang nodded his head: "I never thought that You You You would have such strength as soon as you stepped into the Aoshi Holy Stage.

Of course, Bai Youyou had a lot of battle experience, she could be considered half a teacher to Chen Xiang.

"It’s just that my cultivation technique can restrain them." Bai Youyou said: "The Fierce Saber Race mainly transformed its own bones into sharp divine blades, but my techniques are specialized in dealing with bones."

Bai Youyou had experience in all kinds of battles, and at this moment, he was also chatting with Qin Shuang.

Originally, he had planned to use the same method he had used when he returned back to the World Defying Stage Soul River. However, Qin Shuang had told him that there were a lot of strong experts guarding the entrance to the World Defying Stage Soul River, and that it would be very easy to be discovered.

Therefore, Chen Xiang could only use the Transmission array again.

The time above Myriad Tao was the same as the time inside the World Defying Stage Soul River. Above the Myriad Tao was the daytime, while inside the World Defying Stage Soul River was the daytime.

Chen Xiang chose to head to the World Defying Stage Soul River during the day because the Transmission array would teleport him to the river side. If he teleported at night, he would encounter countless World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s and would be in big trouble.

"That’s the World Defying Stage Soul River. Do you guys want to come out and take a look?" Chen Xiang asked.

Long Xueyi was the first to come out, she was extremely curious about World Defying Stage Soul River and immediately ran out.

Bai Youyou, Su Meiyao and Qin Shuang also came out, looking at the calm and pitch black water of the World Defying Stage Soul River!

"The first time I came here, I almost went down. At that time, I didn’t know how powerful this river was." Chen Xiang looked at the river surface, he could not see the other side, and said: "Wanting to cross World Defying Stage Soul River is not easy, I can only fly, and I don’t even know how wide this river is, what if I fail to reach the other side before nightfall?"

"Your Six Realms mirrors, we can hide inside the Six Realms mirrors and then hide ourselves. The Six Realms mirrors can release a protective shield and not leak out any aura." Feng Ke’er said.

"It’s hard to say, but the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul that came out of the World Defying Stage Soul River possesses a very mysterious devouring power. The protective shield that the Six Realms mirrors released is made of energy, so it might be devoured." Chen Xiang shook his head.

"Why don’t we do an experiment and at night, think of a way to get a few World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s and then use the Six Realms mirrors to try it." Su Meiyao said.

"Alright, let’s leave this place for now!" Chen Xiang looked at the sky and said.

Everyone entered the Six Realms mirrors. Originally, he had planned to let the Six Realms mirrors fly and roll about, but he never thought that the Six Realms mirrors would actually be able to float.

"The Six Realms mirrors can actually fly? What’s going on?" Chen Xiang was very surprised. The Six Realms mirrors could fly now, but its speed was much faster than when it was scrolling on the ground.