Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Is it related to him joining the Tao-creation’s Holy stone?" Su Meiyao said. Advertisement -

Qin Shuang shook his head: "No, my Purple Yang Excalibur has also joined the Six Realms mirrors, but I can’t fly on the sword. My guess is that it has something to do with the Six Realms mirrors’s Tao-creation’s curse, maybe the Tao-creation’s curse has something to do with flying."

When the Six Realms mirrors was being refined for Lei Yichen, it was played around with for a long time by Lei Yichen. At that time, Lei Yichen was mainly playing with the Tao-creation’s Incantation, so Qin Shuang’s guess was very possible.

"However, I’m not flying high. Could it be that my strength is not enough?" Chen Xiang controlled the Six Realms mirrors and flew at its fastest speed. Although it was not fast, it was extremely fast.

"Seems like I have to find some time to study the Tao-creation’s incantations. Maybe it can allow me to fly."

Chen Xiang planned to release Red fire dragon when he was crossing and then ride them to cross. However, he was worried that if the river was too wide, he wouldn’t be able to cross it even at night.

At night, Chen Xiang and the others stood atop a tall mountain, looking at the light mist that surged over from afar.

"So beautiful, like countless fireflies!" Long Xueyi laughed.

"It is indeed very beautiful. When our spirit went to World Defying Stage Soul River to look for World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, we didn’t even encounter this many World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s. "This is also the first time Qin Shuang has seen this, and he felt incredibly shocked.

Countless World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s were like a glowing tide as they surged forth, covering the dark night and illuminating the world.

"What’s going on? It was getting closer and closer! Little Scoundrel, are you sure these World Defying Stage Fierce Soul won’t come over? " Although Su Meiyao was a little intoxicated by the sight, he suddenly realised that something was amiss. Just now, the tides of the Madness soul were still moving very slowly, but now, it was moving even faster.

"But... This is also the place where I saw it last time! " Chen Xiang and the others were last time at this mountain range, so he couldn’t remember wrongly. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"What the hell, they’re coming! Let’s go!"

They who had originally enjoyed the sight, hastily entered the Six Realms mirrors s. Chen Xiang controlled the Six Realms mirrors to fly up, and quickly flew away.

"Then what do we do now? We were planning to capture some of them and test them out. " Long Xueyi said.

Those that they fished out from the river during the day did not swallow energy. It was as if these that came out at night had a very strong devouring power, or perhaps these World Defying Stage Fierce Soul would only devour at night.

"Let’s get away from here first." Chen Xiang controlled the Six Realms mirrors to speed up its flight. But no matter what, they could still see the sandstorm like World Defying Stage Fierce Soul from the Six Realms mirrors that swept towards them.

"Why is this happening?" Chen Xiang found it hard to understand, as though these innumerable World Defying Stage Fierce Soul were about to swallow this entire piece of land.

"Is it because our energy is too strong? attracted these guys over? " Su Meiyao said as she frowned.

"That’s not it, last time Uncle Song and I were fine, but they were all in the middle stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, so they were even stronger than us, so we couldn’t attract these World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s."

Chen Xiang shook his head: "Something must have happened to the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul!"

The Six Realms mirrors flew towards the Milky Way Mountain Range. Chen Xiang wanted to find the World Defying holy dragon and ask them what was the reason for this.

There were many people in the small city outside the Astral River Mountain Range. They were all here for the Divine Dragon Lake.

Divine Dragon Lake was the lake where World Defying holy dragon and the rest were at. This was the name everyone had given it!

Above World Defying Stage Soul River, as long as one was well-informed, they would know about the Divine Dragon Lake. They had come here only to see the legendary dragon battles, they thought that the Fierce Saber Race and the Soul River Divine Race would definitely attack the Divine Dragon Lake forcefully, after all, many of them had died there, and they were all experts.

"This place is so lively!" Through the Six Realms mirrors, Qin Shuang saw many people hunting beasts in the Heavenly River Mountain Range. When she was at Ancient Fire Divine Sect, she had heard about the matters there.

Now she already knew why so many dragons suddenly appeared in the Divine Dragon Lake through the teleportation channels of the Divine Soil Restricted Area. Furthermore, this cute girl, Long Xueyi, was like a white dragon. Later, Qin Shuang also found out that this White Dragon was actually Chen Xiang’s wife too.

When Chen Xiang arrived at the Divine Dragon Lake, he opened a small opening for the Six Realms mirrors to fly in. All along the way, the Six Realms mirrors was concealed by Chen Xiang using the Counter Power, which was impossible for others to discover.

When he returned, Chen Xiang saw that the island had been expanded greatly, and many buildings had been built. In the middle, he had ’made’ a villa with mountains and water.

Chen Xiang came out of the Six Realms mirrors and went straight to Long Zhiyu.

"Chen Xiang... He came back so quickly! Seeing that you’re in a hurry, what’s going on? " Chen Xiang walked into a hall, and Long Jiuxiao was also there.

"Big news!" Chen Xiang said: "Do you know that whenever night falls in World Defying Stage Soul River, the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul will always come from the river?"

"Of course I know that those World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s are extremely terrifying. At night, these World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s possess a very strange devouring force that can devour all kinds of energy. "Wherever you go, not a single blade of grass grows." Long Zhiyu said: "What’s wrong? Just stay away from these things. "

"The World Defying Stage Fierce Soul has spread even more since it came out of the World Defying Stage Soul River. I wonder how it’s doing now!" Chen Xiang told Long Zhiyu about what happened to him before.

After Long Zhiyu finished listening, his expression slightly changed. "It’s very possible that it’s the Madness soul’s natural disaster!"

"This... What exactly is going on? " Chen Xiang was shocked, "Is it very dangerous?"

"If the defense is not good, at least half of the people above World Defying Stage Soul River will be engulfed." Long Zhiyu said: "I also heard from my previous master that a natural disaster of the Madness soul also happened once before. At that time, many people did not know, that above the World Defying Stage Soul River, there were very few people who died."

"He can even devour World Defying Stage Fierce Soul during the day?" Chen Xiang felt that this was unbelievable.

"You can’t, but during the day, the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul will float high in the sky, so it’s hard to catch it anymore. Once night falls, it will descend and begin to devour." Long Zhiyu said: "Perhaps, this is a good thing for us flying dragons, because I can fly up there. At that time, I will be able to consume a large amount of these World Defying Stage Fierce Soul."

Long Jiuxiao laughed: "If that’s the case, then when the time comes, we can have a hearty meal and eat a large amount of World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s. This will help us strengthen our World Defying holy soul and maybe help me reach the middle stage of Aoshi Holy Stage."

"Is the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul delicious?" Long Xueyi came out from the Six Realms mirrors s and asked curiously.

"It’s not tasty at all." said. He could only wait a few more days to see if the Madness soul natural disaster happened.