Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Originally, Chen Xiang was going to cross the river, but now that something like this had happened, he could only wait and see. Almost all of the books he wanted to read were there, and they were even faster to find than the usual stations. There were no ads in the entire text.

To ascertain this matter, he entered the Six Realms mirrors s. Afterwards, he left the Divine Dragon Lake with the few girls and went to the small city outside. There were all kinds of people here, and he could learn a lot of things from them.

As expected, not long after Chen Xiang arrived, he found out about the Madness soul’s natural disaster. A large group of World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s came out of the World Defying Stage Soul River and slowly floated over.

However, many people did not panic, because they knew the solution. Hiding deep in the ground, or hiding in the caves, these were all the experiences they accumulated from the Madness soul disaster.

Fierce Saber Race and Soul River Divine Race were definitely very familiar with the Madness soul’s natural disaster, so everyone must have known about it through them.

"Come, let’s give it a try and see if we can catch some World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s during the day." Chen Xiang said: "I wonder how the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s that come out of the World Defying Stage Soul River are different from the ones that we use our souls to feel when we cultivate."

Through his Divine Sense, Chen Xiang had caught quite a few World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, but he couldn’t absorb any of them.

The Madness soul calamity had already covered the entire Divine Dragon Lake, and Chen Xiang did not return to the Divine Dragon Lake yet. He knew that Long Zhiyu definitely had a way to deal with it, so the seal on the Divine Dragon Lake might even be able to withstand the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul. Fiction 80txt. /

Chen Xiang had already gone to an area that was far away from the city, where no one was around and his Six Realms mirrors was hiding underground. Right now, he was not sure if the Six Realms mirrors could withstand the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul’s devouring. 800 Tales Network

www.800Book.Net offers Txt free downloads)

After a night, Chen Xiang came out from underground and discovered that the mountain range that was originally lush green with flowers had actually become barren. There were no longer any flowers or trees, only the roots that were buried deep in the ground.

"How terrifying!" Chen Xiang released the Red fire dragon and rode it into the sky.

He surveyed the land from a high vantage point. There was not even a shadow of the green leaves below him, they had all been devoured by the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul. He did not know when he would recover from this natural disaster.

The Red fire dragon Chen Xiang released was not very big, so he wouldn’t be too conspicuous and he could fly high up in the sky.

From below, it looked as if the entire sky was covered by a sea of golden clouds, making it look extremely beautiful. However, the golden fog was made up of countless World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s, and at night, these World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s would become extremely terrifying, devouring everything.

When Chen Xiang reached high up in the air and came into contact with the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, he felt a very berserk energy flood into his body. Luckily, he was able to resist this energy even if he did, otherwise it would have quite a great impact on him. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"These World Defying Stage Fierce Soul are actually not separated into individual groups, but are actually split into a large group." Just as Chen Xiang was touching these World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, he felt a surge of energy suddenly turn into a wave and attack him.

He took out the Tianchuang furnace, collected around ten thousand light dots, and then went deeper. Right now, he only needed to wait until night time to release a small amount of World Defying Stage Fierce Soul to see how it was devoured.

Only a small number of World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s, even if they were to be devoured, Chen Xiang was able to control them.

Long Xueyi asked Chen Xiang to give her a few World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s from the Tianchuang furnace s. From the looks of it, they were just a few grains of rice.

"I want to try and see if it tastes good." Long Xueyi laughed as he looked at the few spots of light on his palm. These were World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, no matter how he looked at it, they did not look like delicious food.

"You gluttonous dragon, it’s been so many years but you’re still the same." Chen Xiang twisted her cute face.

Su Meiyao and the others also came over to watch.

"The World Defying Stage Fierce Soul above the World Defying Stage Soul River is indeed different. The World Defying Stage Fierce Soul that we sensed in the Divine Soil Restricted Area back then is not like this." Su Meiyao said.

"Yes, very violent!" Bai Youyou used his finger to touch one of the light spots, and he felt a pain like that of a mosquito biting.

"Will it be alright to eat it?" Su Meiyao was a little worried: "Xueyi, you better not eat it, I will refine a pill for you to eat!"

"I just wanted to try." Long Xueyi had already swallowed those few World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s.

Qin Shuang was also extremely curious about what would happen after he directly eats all these World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s.

"Any reaction?" Chen Xiang patted her face.

"It was refined by me, so the energy released by these little things is pretty good. It can strengthen the World Defying holy soul. Although it was violent in the beginning, it was swallowed by the World Defying holy soul the moment it came into contact with it." Long Xueyi laughed, "If we dragons were to fly high in the sky and swallow us, we would definitely be able to improve very quickly."

Chen Xiang’s eyes lit up, and said: "Wait until daylight, I will let my Red fire dragon go up to eat until it’s full."

"We’ll just eat the Aohun holy Dan." Su Meiyao said: "We don’t have flowers that are evil like you guys."

There were a lot of World Defying Stage Fierce Soul in the sky, it could not be counted.

It was still daytime when Chen Xiang came to the ground and released the Red fire dragon. The Red fire dragon also released the Red fire dragon to make it the largest, opening its huge mouth and releasing a suction force, like a super whirlpool in the ocean, it engulfed the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul.

"Be careful, don’t make your Red fire dragon choke. If you have indigestion, it will be very troublesome." Seeing the way the Red fire dragon ate, Long Xueyi was also shocked. It was even more exaggerated than she had imagined.

"When did you have such a dragon!" Su Meiyao had only seen Chen Xiang riding on a small dragon before, but now that the Red fire dragon had become the largest, the power it was emitting scared her.

"This dragon is different from the dragons in Heavenly Dragon City. It has a special feeling, it gives people a feeling of fear!" Bai Youyou frowned.

"How do you feel?" Chen Xiang asked, he did not feel anything.

"Death!" Long Xueyi said.

"Destroy!" Bai Youyou said.

"Evil!" Qin Shuang said.

"Kill!" Su Meiyao said.

Chen Xiang was startled, he looked at the four women, their expressions extremely serious, not like they were joking, but he could not sense any of their auras.

He suddenly thought back to when he met Long Zhiyu at Blood Wind Fire Sea. Long Zhiyu had once told him to think of a way not to get destroyed by the Red fire dragon, and to let him control the Red fire dragon well!

"Is this a good thing?" Chen Xiang was stunned for a moment, and then asked.

Bai Youyou shook his head: "I don’t know, but if I am controlled by you, then it is not a bad thing! However, if we lose control, it will be hard to say! "

Chen Xiang controlled the Red fire dragon to continue devouring the large amount of World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s, and the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s were like seawater as they crazily rushed into the Red fire dragon’s mouth.

"I’ll definitely be able to control him." Chen Xiang said as he frowned, his fists clenching tightly.