Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Shen Xiang did not know why, he could not sense the feelings of these women on the red fire dragon, and Feng Ke, who had been with him, did not feel it, otherwise he told him long ago.

Qin Shuang may have already sensed it before, but I am not sure, I will tell it now.

"Don't the grandmother yell at me before, because she saw that there is something wrong with my red fire dragon?" Shen Xiang secretly thought, continue to control the red fire dragon to devour those proud world.

There are a lot of arrogant madness in the sky, and how to devour the red fire dragon can not reduce these proud world madness.

“Satiate meal.” Shen Xiang looked at Long Xueyi and smiled: “Would you like to go shopping too?”

Long Xueyi originally thought, but then he shook his head again: "It’s still a proud soul."

The proud soul of Shengdan is also refining the proud world, and it feels better to eat. If you eat these proud worlds directly, you need to go to refining. The process of refining is very long, so Long Xueyi finally decided not to have eaten.

As the sky gradually dimmed, Shen Xiang returned the red fire dragon to the Shenhai world. After returning, he turned the red fire dragon into the original six beasts, and then the six beasts began to refine the large number of proud worlds swallowed today.

"We are going back to the deep below, and it is going to be dark now," Qin said.

After returning to the secret room in the underground, Shen Xiang took out six mirrors and released a few heroes who were caught during the day.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

After dark, the proud world madness finally reacted again, and began to produce the power of swallowing.

Shen Xiang stood on the mirror of six glasses. He hurriedly controlled the six mirrors, letting the six mirrors release a shield. After seeing the shields that the proud spirits touched the defense, they stopped and could not continue to approach. .

“Successful?” Shen Xiang was slightly surprised, but he soon discovered that these proud mad souls entered the energy of the swallowing shield.

Although it only devours very weak energy, it can't affect the shield of the six mirrors, but if there are more heroes, then the speed of engulfing will be very fast.

Shen Xiang controls the movement of the six mirrors. Although there is a distance from those who are proud of the world, the proud world can still absorb the energy of the six mirrors in the distance.

"What is going on? These proud world madness can actually devour the energy of the six mirror shields. This is terrible." Shen Xiang was disheartened. The shield released by the six mirrors could not be defended. These strange and proud worlds.

"Enter the six mirrors." Su Meiyao said: "The six mirrors are an artifact, and they are made of a variety of materials. Maybe they don't need any shields, they can directly resist these things."

After Shen Xiang entered the six mirrors, he released more arrogant madness, and now there are dozens of them.

The proud madness is like a firefly. Floating in this dark stone room, the six mirrors are quietly flat on the ground, but these proud mad souls are not close, and there is no energy to swallow.

If the proud world can swallow the energy, it will shine a flash of light, but now there is no, it can be seen that the six mirrors of a little energy are not released, the proud world is not sensed.

"The six mirrors are really magical. With so many crystal refinings, they are not smelled by these proud madnesses." Shen Xiang is now a peace of mind, and the six mirrors can defend these proud spirits.

"Would you like to try it out." Qin Shuang said: "There are only a few arrogant madness here, and the effect may not be too obvious. If you go to the above, there will be many arrogant madness, then you can really test the six mirrors. Defensive ability."

Shen Xiang nodded. He came out of the six mirrors. After the dozens of proud spirits sensed him, he immediately floated and began to swallow when he was close to him. He did not need to touch him.

"These little things!" Shen Xiang released a mental power, grabbed all these proud madness, and threw them into the Tianchuang furnace.

"I won't go out. I will control the six mirrors below." Shen Xiang hid in the deep secret room and controlled the six mirrors from one passage to the ground.

After coming to the ground, Shen Xiang passed through the induction of six mirrors and saw that there were all kinds of firefly-like light spots everywhere. It was densely swayed like a glowing sandstorm, and it was shocking and full of horror.

The six mirrors stayed on it for a while, and Shen Xiang did not sense the energy of the six mirrors, indicating that the six mirrors do not need any energy shield protection, nor will they be discovered by these proud madness.

"Successful, it seems that we can go to the other side to see." Shen Xiang is very excited, control the six mirrors back.

After the six mirrors came back, he carefully examined it again, and then he was relieved.

At dawn, Shen Xiang originally wanted to release the red fire dragon, but the six beasts were sleeping in the Shenhai world, apparently eating too many proud madness yesterday.

When the six beasts are asleep, they release a burst of holy energy. He let his proud sacred soul absorb the energy and have a good effect.

"Then we will start on the road!" Qin Shuang has been eager to wait, because her grandfather is likely to be on the other side.

"it is good!"

Shen Xiang entered the six mirrors, and then came out from the deep ground. After coming to the ground, the six mirrors floated and quickly flew to the proud soul river.

He had told Long Jiuyi and Long Zhiyu before, he would not come back for a while, and he did not tell them to go to the proud world, otherwise they would be blocked by them.

Long Xueyi, a few of them also came out from the Youyao Mountain Villa, together in the room inside the six mirrors, looking at the sea of ​​light and fog outside.

"These proud spirits are just a layer of proud madness? I don't know what will happen on the second, third and fourth floors." Long Xueyi is very curious.

"Small fart dragon, how many layers of your proud madness?" Shen Xiang only remembered now.

"Of course, it is four-story. I am a proud beast. I can go to the fourth floor with ease. It is a mad dragon soul." Long Xueyi said: "Don't look down on people!"

Shen Xiang just wanted to say something, and the six mirrors suddenly trembled fiercely.

"What's wrong?" Bai whispered and asked.

"I bumped into something!" Shen Xiang was very surprised: "This thing will move, just passing by me, I will be hit!"

Later, they could see through the six mirrors what they had just hit, and it turned out to be a giant leopard with a scale.

"This is... the mad beast!" Shen Xiang exclaimed: "Is this kind of thing not to be swallowed up?"

The mad beasts were not affected, which made Shen Xiang feel incredible.

boom!

There was a mad thunder in the mouth of the giant leopard, and it was beaten on the six mirrors, making the six mirrors violently shocked.

"This guy, so arrogant!" Shen Xiang was angry and released two poisonous monkeys.