Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Both poisonous monkeys were mad beasts. After they went out, they did not have any influence, and they were not discovered by the giant leopard.

The strength of the giant leopard should be in the middle of the proud world. The strength of the poisonous monkey is not strong, but it is very poisonous, and the speed is fast. It is very strong. Soon, the thick scale of the giant leopard is poisoned by the monkey. To catch it, the poisonous monkey squirts a venom from the tip of the claw and injects it into the body of the giant leopard.

It wasn't long before the giant leopard fell to the ground, and Shen Xiang brought in the giant leopard.

Shen Xiang took out a beast nucleus from the giant leopard body, and then placed the beast nucleus outside, and found that it was not swallowed by the proud world.

"They are all family, so they won't swallow the same kind?" Shen Xiang frowned.

"Maybe these mad beasts are the evolution of the proud madness in the days of natural disasters." Su Meiyao said: "The beasts of the beasts contain a lot of power, but they are big tonics."

"Forget it, give these little guys!" Shen Xiang gave the beast to three poisonous monkeys, and the poisoned monkey became stronger. After that, he was his best card.

The six mirrors continue to fly fast, now he knows that the mad beast is okay here, the night can still walk safely, will not be swallowed, and these mad beasts will madly swallow the proud world, used to strengthen themselves .

"After the madness, these mad beasts will definitely become very strong." Qin Shuang said: "It is better to let your three monkeys go out and try them. Can they swallow the proud world?"

Shen Xiang let the poisonous monkeys go out. Although the poisonous monkeys can swallow them, the speed of eating them is very slow. After all, the poisonous monkeys are too small, and there is no other way to swallow them quickly. Even if Shen Xiang catches a lot to help them, they have no So fast to digest.

"The effect is not very good. They will increase the speed of the beast kernel to increase more quickly." Shen Xiang said that before he fed the proud spirit Shengdan to the poison monkey, the poison monkeys liked it very much, but they refining slowly. Can only be eaten once every other time.

When passing by a city, Shen Xiang found that the whole city was empty and should all be hidden under the deep ground. As long as the energy is not sensed by these proud madness, it is safe.

All the way straight, the six mirrors soon came to the shore of the proud soul river.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"I want to start crossing the river." Shen Xiang said: "I hope everything goes well!"

The six mirrors have already flown to the river. At this time, there are a lot of proud madness coming out, endless and general, and I don’t know where these proud world mad souls come from.

"These proud madnesses are very weak, but they have a certain amount of swallowing power. How did the proud world madness come into being?" Shen Xiang looked at the proud world, and the river seemed to be giving birth to a large number of singularities all the time. Madness.

Countless proud mad souls overflowed from the river and only flew in the same direction, but did not fly to the mysterious opposite.

"There is no such thing on the other side?" Shen Xiang’s six mirrors are still very low from the river. They can’t fly too high. This makes him a little embarrassed. If something is so powerful in the river, it will definitely make him unprepared. .

In the six mirrors, everyone’s heart is full of expectation, because they will soon be able to go to a field full of mystery. In the place where they were, many powerful people know nothing about this mysterious field. Those stronger and stronger are mysteriously missing.

"My grandfather, the ancient boy, they should all be here. They are powerful and capable of crossing the proud world." Qin Shuang said: "My grandmother seems to know some things about this other side, but she refuses to say, And she is full of fear of this place, and I don’t know why, is there a lot of great things there?"

"In the past, I will know." Shen Xiang said: "At that time, you have to stay in the Yaoyao Villa honestly. You must never come out. If you are scattered, it is too dangerous. If I am alone, I rely on six. The mirror can easily escape."

A few women nodded, their strength is not weak, but in the face of the unknown danger, they need to be more cautious, if only Shen Xiang himself, can retreat, but they do not sink so many means.

The six mirrors flew above the proud world of the river, very calm and stable, and did not encounter anything. All the way, there are countless proud madness flying out of the river.

These proud madness did not sense the presence of six mirrors, so the six mirrors are very safe.

The night soon passed, and the six mirrors still flew over the river. The river was very wide, so that Shen Xiang felt like he was crossing the sea. At this time, the two sides could not be seen. The six mirrors were suspended at a height of a few feet from the water. The river below is dark and looks very strange, which is a little scary.

"It’s all daytime, it’s not on the other side.” Shen Xiang frowned and said that his six mirrors are very fast, and at this speed they can’t reach the other side overnight, showing how wide the river is.

During the day, no arrogant madness flies out of the river, making the river look even more dead.

Shen Xiang can only continue to let the six mirrors fly quickly. He feels that he should see the other side soon. He is very confident about his speed.

Three days later, in the middle of the night, the six mirrors were still in the middle of a large number of proud madness, but then came to an area where there was no arrogance.

"Look at the river." Long Xueyi shouted.

Before the river was black lacquered, but the river here was pale gold, and the lake was not so dead and quiet. In this area, there was a weak breeze blowing the river, the pale golden river was slightly rippled, sparkling, golden The brilliance of the brilliance is very beautiful.

“How could this be?” Qin Shuang said: “Be careful, maybe there is something here!”

"You can see the other side!" Shen Xiang exclaimed.

In the six mirrors, they can see a large tree in the distance. The river banks are all trees, which can be clearly seen under the golden light of the river, and these trees are very tall.

The other side is actually in the middle of the night, there will be no arrogant areas of arrogance.

"I don't know what kind of environment is it?" Su Meiyao's charming eyes are full of curiosity, staring at the clear light curtain in the room, from which the light curtain can see everything outside.

"I knew it in the past. I made the six mirrors smaller." Shen Xiang's six mirrors can be small and small, and at this time it becomes only the size of sand, which is safer.

The six mirrors themselves can hide the energy, and now they become very small. If you don't deliberately detect all the movements around you, it is difficult to find the existence of the six mirrors.

In the back, Shen Xiang put a lot of materials into the six mirrors, which is a very wise choice, and now it is very useful.

"There is something jumping out of the river, it's a human! Golden man!" Long Xueyi shouted, very surprised.