Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Shen Xiang, they are now focusing on the person who jumped out of the river!

"There is one more!" Long Xueyi shouted again.

These people are slender, light-haired, and their bodies are like gold-colored scales. They are shining with faint golden light, which looks like the golden light on the river.

"More and more." Shen Xiang said.

The golden portrait is a fish that leaps from the river and climbs the river bank. There are more than a hundred.

Shen Xiang’s six mirrors have already flown at this time, quietly following these people into the woods.

Among the forests, there are all kinds of beautiful flowers, and in the darkness, colorful and splendid brilliance is released, which makes the forest full of gorgeous scenery.

The group of gold scales was called by something and consciously came to an empty place.

"Yes, we have a lot of good seedlings, and the birth is the strength of the proud world. Haha." An old man suddenly appeared. The old man’s mouth has two squid-like beards and his mouth is like It is like a fish mouth, and there are fish scales on the half of the face.

Hearing the voice of the old man, Shen Xiang probably understood it!

"I didn't expect the ethnic groups on the other side to be humanoid creatures born out of the world's madness." Qin Shuang said: "It should be more than just the mad fish, there will be more ethnic groups here."

"These guys should be considered mad genie! Xiaoshuang cream, have you heard of it?" Long Xueyi asked, and several of them followed Shen Xiang's name as Qin Shuang, Qin Shuang did not mind.

"I haven't heard of it. I don't know how many such groups are there. In short, the strength of these guys is not weak. One birth is the peak of the proud world!" Qin Frost frowned, and it is not easy for us to cultivate to the peak of the proud world.

"Yes, they will soon be able to step into the sacred world, and it is indeed a very powerful group!" Bai secluded said.

"The ethnic groups here should be the most powerful of the Yaozu! On the other side, they are all mad beasts and human beings." Su Meiyao said: "The babies that have just been born are the peaks of the proud world, then among them The core strength must be strong!"

Shen Xiang said: "They are all born out of the proud world, why can the proud world of this world directly breed this powerful demon?"

More than a hundred fish people have gone far, and Shen Xiang is not going to follow the past. They don’t know what the fishermen’s attitude towards humans is. If they are hostile, they have no use in the past.

"Go ahead, continue to explore and explore to see if there are any places where humans gather." Qin Shuang said: "In a sense, the Soul River Protoss and the Mad Knife are also born out of the proud world, they belong to The demon, but with no obvious features, and like humans, will be considered human."

The characteristics of the mad knife family are more prominent, and their arms can be turned into a very strong knife.

Shen Xiang controlled the six mirrors and flew forward. He wanted to leave the forest... However, when he flew to the daytime, he still did not fly out of the forest. There are all kinds of sky trees everywhere.

"Would you like to go out and see if you can meet a better talking guy." Shen Xiang asked for advice from several women.

"Okay, but you have to be careful." Su Meiyao nodded, and several of her women also nodded and agreed, and then Shen Xiang sent them to the Youyao Villa.

Shen Xiang walked out of the six mirrors to be truly on the opposite side of the mysterious.

He took a deep breath of air and found that the air contained a very strange energy, like the soul of the proud world, so that he could not help but take a few more mouthfuls.

Shen Xiang walked alone in the forest, saw beautiful flowers and plants, and got in and planted for several women to watch.

After a long walk, he suddenly heard the sound of horseshoes running.

“Is there a horse in this place?” Shen Xiang quickly jumped into the canopy above a big tree and hid it.

He just jumped up and saw a horse running down and stopped at the place where he had just collected flowers.

To be precise, this is not a horse, but a human face. This is a man!

The head of the horse is the upper body of the human body. He has arms and looks like a handsome man. He wears a soft armor and wraps his body very tightly. He carries something on the horse and doesn't know what it is.

“Is it the Terracotta?” Shen Xiang’s heart said: “This guy seems to have found that there is movement here, so he came over!”

Shen Xiang carefully sensed the strength of this man, is the middle of the proud world, is one level higher than him.

"Not in the late stage of the sacred world, there should be nothing to fear, I will meet him." Shen Xiang made up his mind.

"Cough!" Shen Xiang coughed twice in the tree.

After the following people discovered it, they didn't know what was going on. He suddenly had a bow and arrow in his hand, pulling the bowstring at a very fast speed, firing an arrow and shooting at Shen Xiang.

"Your uncle!" Shen Xiang quickly ducked, and his heart darkened.

The strength of this man is very strong, the speed of archery is extremely fast, Shen Xiang has just evaded, and it is a rain of arrows. Shen Xiang has to use six mirrors to block it.

"Hey, what do you mean? Just just met, you want my life?" Shen Xiang was angry, decided to give a good lesson to this stinky horse, he released three poisonous monkeys.

The man seems to find something close to him, and his heart is in a desolate situation. He turns his body in the same place, and the bow and arrow in his hand are shot in succession, but he is not able to beat the poisonous monkey.

The man was regretted for a while, and he did not expect to encounter such a tricky prey.

"Use drunk magical poison." Shen Xiang gave orders to three poisonous monkeys.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The poisonous monkey launched an attack, in which two poisonous monkeys distracted the attention of the horse, and the other one was close to the human horse, scratching the horse's buttocks and injecting drunk magic.

The human body is so big, it’s too good to start.

After the poison monkey succeeded, Shen Xiang let the poison monkey come back.

"You...you are despicable." The voice of the man was a little weak, with endless fear.

"Live, I was going to talk to you. I didn't expect you to say anything, just attack me directly." Shen Xiang jumped from the tree and looked at the stupid man.

"What the **** are you? You are not a demon!" The man saw that Shen Xiang had no characteristics of a monster, and shouted: "You are a man!"

"Yes, do you want to die?" Shen Xiang smiled coldly: "You can't do it. I will kill you now. Damn the man, you almost scared me, right?"

Shen Xiang took out the Jiuyi Excalibur and placed it on the neck of the man. The man who fell on the ground was trembled at this time. He was drunk and magical. His body was soft and only a little strength could make him speak reluctantly.

"I... I don't want to die, you don't want to kill me." The man is very afraid of death, and there is a domineering stance of just bowing and archery, just like a dead dog pleading for Shen Xiang.