Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Ma Tianhai thought for a while, then said: "I think he just stepped into the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, even though I am at the peak of the middle stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, I am not his opponent."

"Why are you so weak?" Chen Xiang laughed, "You are a crown prince, so there shouldn’t be any less cultivation resources than others, right? You were actually surpassed. Even if other people’s cultivation is higher than yours, you are the crown prince, so you should be challenging someone stronger than you are. "

"There is another power behind the other princes as well, and that is the support of the other powers within the clan. Once the prince ascends to the throne, those powers will become extremely powerful." Ma Tianhai replied: "But no one supports me."

"Alright, alright, you go look for that guy. It’s me who wants to challenge him. Is it okay?" Chen Xiang said: "Back then, he only said that you could challenge him, and did not say that anyone could do it."

"I’ll go with you and ask him." Ma Tianhai said.

"Why should I go with you? I’ll wait for you here. You can go by yourself. " Chen Xiang said.

"We can only explain it if we go together!" Ma Tianhai was actually a little afraid, which was why he wanted to pull Chen Xiang along. He didn’t know why, but the feeling Chen Xiang gave him was that of a guy who was not afraid of anything in the world.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang realized that this Ma Tianhai was just like a timid mouse. The rats might be more daring than him, but he did not speak out his thoughts. Otherwise, Ma Tianhai would be furious.

Previous Chapter Next Chapter Advertisement

Only princes with high statuses and powerful strength would have a small villa. Otherwise, they would only have a small mansion as well, and Ma Tianhai, the crown prince, would only have his own villa to show off to others.

Chen Xiang followed Ma Tianhai to the entrance of the Fifth Prince’s Villa. The Fifth Prince was called Ma Tianqiang, and was a very strong person.

After receiving permission, Ma Tianhai brought Chen Xiang into the villa and arrived outside a large hall. The aroma of wine immediately wafted into Chen Xiang’s nose, and the sound of laughter and cheers came from the hall as a large group of people were eating and drinking together inside.

"Isn’t this my brother, the crown prince? What brings you here? " The Ma Tianqiang laughed.

Ma Tianqiang’s body was majestic, it was a very tall horse, he was not wearing clothes like the others, but was revealing his terrifying muscles.

Although Ma Tianhai had also become stronger, the Ma Tianqiang was a lot bigger than him. In terms of size, it was stronger than Ma Tianhai.

"Fifth brother, it’s like this. I just met a human friend. He is also a guest of my Tianhai Villa." Ma Tianhai said.

Chen Xiang was startled, when did he become a guest, this Ma Tianhai actually dared to scam him like that.

"Oh? You’ve been out for a few days, and you only have this guy come over? Could it be that you want him to defeat me, and then take back those two Tao-creation s? " The Ma Tianqiang looked at Chen Xiang and laughed coldly.

He was two heads taller than Chen Xiang, and he was also a Centaur, in Chen Xiang’s eyes, he was just a thin and weak brat.

"Fifth brother, you’re so smart, you could even guess that." Ma Tianhai laughed.

"Hmph, I won’t fight!" The Ma Tianqiang said: "If you find a random guy, do I have to fight with him? My time is precious! "

When the other people saw this, they all nodded their heads.

"Crown Prince, take your guest away. He looks much weaker than you, but you can’t even beat the Fifth Prince. This human guest will probably be defeated miserably."

"Exactly, if the Fifth Prince wants to drink with us and doesn’t have time to compete with such a fellow, it would be better if you entered the arena by yourself."

"If the Crown Prince had dared to go on stage by himself, he would have gone on a long time ago. Everyone, don’t make things difficult for him."

"Haha ..." Everyone roared with laughter.

Ma Tianhai’s face turned ugly.

"If I lose, the crown prince’s Heavenly Sea Villa will belong to you, Fifth Prince. This villa is too small and is not as big as the crown prince’s villa. Furthermore, the position of the crown prince’s villa is also very good. " Chen Xiang suddenly said.

Just as Ma Tianhai wanted to object, he was squeezed by Chen Xiang and no longer dared to say a word.

In the fight for the throne, Ma Tianhai lost very thoroughly. Only Heavenly Sea Villa could give him a little bit of the feeling of a crown prince, so if he lost, he wouldn’t be able to stay in the Imperial Palace.

"You really agree?" He had long wanted Ma Tianhai’s villa, but because Ma Tianhai currently had nothing, he did not dare to take an inch from him, otherwise, if he angered his father, he would not be able to explain himself.

If Ma Tianhai willingly gave it to him, then the Ma Tianqiang was naturally there as well.

"I agree, but. If he loses, I will only exchange with you for the Villa. " Ma Tianhai thought for a moment, then said, This way, even if Chen Xiang loses, he would still have a place to stay.

Chen Xiang glared at Ma Tianhai in annoyance, he had actually already prepared to lose. He cursed in his heart, He deserved to be mocked as a useless crown prince.

"Alright!"

The Ma Tianqiang laughed, he was very satisfied. There was still a long period of time before he would ascend to the throne. In this period of time, it would be very honorable if he could obtain the second largest crown prince’s manor. Furthermore, he would be able to stomp on the crown prince once more.

"In ten days, let’s compete on the battle stage of the Imperial Palace. If you don’t come at that time, it will be your loss." The Ma Tianqiang looked proud.

Ma Tianhai anxiously dragged Chen Xiang and left, returning to his villa.

"He really agreed to it ... "You have to fight him. If you lose, my villa will be gone." Ma Tianhai paced around the hall, very anxious: "The Ma Tianqiang is the strongest amongst our prince, do you really want to fight him?"

Chen Xiang was truly speechless. Previously, this bear had been the one to let him fight with the Ma Tianqiang, and was only able to obtain two Tao-creation Holy stone after winning. Now, the other party had agreed, but the bear was actually very worried.

"It’s not like you’re going on stage, what are you afraid of?" Chen Xiang snorted: "What I am worried about is, if I win, what will Ma Tianhai do?"

"Definitely not, he’s the dignified Fifth Prince. At that time, he’ll call a lot of people to come and see him ..." Heavens, when so many people come to spectate, will you feel a lot of pressure? I’m sure I’ll be very nervous if I’m watched by a lot of people. " Ma Tianhai started to worry again.

Chen Xiang really wanted to knock this idiot out with a single palm. If this kind of guy could become the Centaur Emperor, it would be the shame of the centaur. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"You’re hopeless!" Chen Xiang shook his head: "Give me a quiet place, I need to prepare."

Chen Xiang’s current opponent was a team, he was not too clear on the strength of the Soul Demon, and he did not know if he could make it to the middle stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, but it was hard to say if he could win, so he had to make some preparations.

Ma Tianhai arranged a secret room for Chen Xiang to cultivate.

"Ten days of time might not be enough for you to step into the middle stage of Aoshi Holy Stage." Su Meiyao said: "What we have discussed before, even if you use your Time Domain, it would still be difficult. The Aoshi Holy Stage’s growth will be slower."