Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang stayed in his Time Domain for a very long time, he reckoned that it should have been more than a year. Read it all. More Access :/>

Right now he had mastered eight of the Tao-creation’s Curses. Among the first stage of the Tao-creation’s Curses, there was only one that was more expensive and he had not mastered it yet. Currently, it had only been two days outside.

In the remaining eight days, he could only use the dual wielding Time Domain, which would allow him to fight for about twenty years of time.

... ....

Ma Tianhai was currently under a lot of pressure, because the Ma Tianqiang had gathered many people to watch the battle. It was clear that they wanted everyone to see the scene of him losing the Heavenly Sea Villa, and that it was to make him lose face.

Ma Tianhai spent the entire day walking around outside Chen Xiang’s secret room, the four horses’ hooves knocking loudly against the ground. He was extremely anxious, because he really wanted to know how much improvement Chen Xiang could make in these ten days of closed door cultivation. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

He knew clearly that Chen Xiang’s current cultivation was only at the early stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, and could at most deal with those at the middle stage of Aoshi Holy Stage. Furthermore, his Ma Tianqiang was at the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage.

Ma Tianhai himself was also in the middle stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, but when he faced the Ma Tianqiang, he had no chance of winning at all.

"It’s over this time!" If I had known earlier, I would not have brought him back. These days, Ma Tianhai had heard all sorts of discussions and all of them belittled him, saying that he had lost or something.

This gave Ma Tianhai a lot of pressure!

"Could it be that Chen Xiang was hiding to not hear these sounds? Is he sleeping in there? " Ma Tianhai was thinking randomly outside. No matter how he thought about it, he could not figure out how much strength Chen Xiang could increase in this period of time. txt Complete Download

On the ninth day, Chen Xiang mastered the ninth Tao-creation Incantation ahead of time.

"These Tao-creation Curses are really magical." Chen Xiang tried out a few Tao-creation Curses. Some of them could release flames, some could release water, some could release thunder, and some could even release ice, they were all very strong.

When Chen Xiang pushed the door open, he saw Ma Tianhai’s bitter face.

Seeing Chen Xiang finally coming out, Ma Tianhai almost cried.

"Big Brother, you finally came out!" Ma Tianhai was very dejected.

"What’s wrong?" Chen Xiang was baffled.

"Do you know? These days, I’ve been under a lot of pressure. Do you know what people are saying about you? " Ma Tianhai was very sad.

"It’s nothing more than overestimating yourself and saying that I will definitely lose." Chen Xiang laughed: "Am I guessing right?"

"You ... Don’t you feel any pressure at all? If you lose, the Heavenly Sea Villa would be giving it to the Five Emperors. " Ma Tianhai shouted, but unexpectedly, he was still able to laugh. This made Ma Tianhai even more anxious, he felt that Chen Xiang should be very nervous and stressed.

"En!" Chen Xiang nodded.

"En, my ass. I know. Tianhai Villa is not yours, so you aren’t nervous at all." Ma Tianhai wanted to cry, but he had no tears. He thought about it, Chen Xiang really did not have anything to worry about, he only needed to win and he would be able to obtain the Tao-creation Holy stone.

"Just because you call me big brother, I won’t lose." Chen Xiang patted his shoulder, and laughed: "Your big brother will definitely win."

"Will you really win? What’s the use of you talking about it? Whoever doesn’t know how to do it, I know how to say it too! " Ma Tianhai did not believe it, his face was filled with despair.

"Not only will I say it, I’ll go up and fight! You don’t believe me. How about you go up? You are in the middle stages of Aoshi Holy Stage, your cultivation is higher than mine, and you are also a strong Soul Demon. " Chen Xiang said snappily.

"I... If I don’t go, I won’t be able to beat the Five Emperors. " Ma Tianhai shook his head.

"That depends on me. Stop wasting time! We need to suppress our momentum a little bit, just based on your cowardly appearance all day long, you deserve to be bullied. " Chen Xiang snorted.

"But... You won’t be able to use that monkey when the time comes. If you don’t use a monkey, can you defeat it? At that time you won’t even be able to use weapons. " Ma Tianhai said. He knew that Chen Xiang had a Poison monkey, but this would definitely be restricted.

"No problem, let’s go quickly!" Chen Xiang could only sigh speechlessly. Ma Tianhai, this pig of a teammate, always humiliated him, which made him very unhappy. He had never had such a good-for-nothing before.

For the sake of the two Tao-creation s, Chen Xiang had to win no matter what! He felt that if he lost, it would be equivalent to losing two Tao-creation Holy stone s. The Tao-creation Holy stone was much more precious than Ma Tianhai’s Broken Villa.

Ma Tianhai brought Chen Xiang to the arena. He was extremely worried.

"Big brother, you don’t seem to have improved in the last ten days. Are you sleeping in there?" Ma Tianhai asked.

"Yes, I’m resting inside. Only by recovering my spirit can I fight." Chen Xiang nodded, causing him to almost jump up in shock. Chen Xiang was actually really sleeping.

"You ... Do you know how I’ve endured these ten days? "You’re actually sleeping, this is too much." Ma Tianhai was very angry.

"If I don’t sleep, what do you want me to do? "What can you do in ten days?" Chen Xiang curled his lips.

Ma Tianhai did not speak anymore. He really could not do anything in ten days, he carefully thought about it, these ten days of going to sleep was really good, to be able to relax, at least he would not be so worried, and would even die from depression.

Ma Tianhai was in a very low mood, even as he walked over with his head lowered.

When he came to the bottom of the stage, Ma Tianhai was even more upset. If he lost in a bit, his dignity would definitely be trampled on again.

Chen Xiang didn’t understand. A guy like Ma Tianhai had his dignity thrown away by him a long time ago, yet he still cared about it so much.

Chen Xiang was currently observing the arena. It was a circular arena, with a width of three meters and was very big.

"There’s actually a Spirit Formation on this battle stage. This is truly strange. This city doesn’t have a city protecting its city, but a battle stage like this does." Chen Xiang had thought that these Soul Demon were very backward and did not know how to arrange arrays.

"Bastard, who set up this formation?" Chen Xiang asked curiously.

"It was set up by the Imperial Advisors. He is a human, only humans know how to do this." Ma Tianhai said with a hint of sadness in his voice.

Chen Xiang had already stepped onto the stage, and the spectators around him had started to shout. A majority of them were people and horses, while the majority of them were humans and other types of Soul Demon s. All of these were invited by the Ma Tianqiang.

Ma Tianqiang was a part of the Five Emperors, their status was already noble and respected. Furthermore, he was the successor to the next Centaur Emperor, even if he was not invited, many people would fight for him and come to this place to support the Ma Tianqiang.

The Ma Tianqiang went up on stage.

This tall and sturdy horse standing on stage, was very mighty, he was much bigger than Chen Xiang, and in front of Chen Xiang, he was like an extremely sturdy ferocious beast, especially the big chunks of flesh on his body, his veins were bulging, and he was filled with an intense explosive power.