Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

Once the Ma Tianqiang went up on stage, many people crazily shouted, "Fifth Prince, Fifth Prince, Fifth Prince ..."

The simultaneous roar shook the entire palace and even the entire stage, with the three words constantly echoing back and forth. This immense power scared Ma Tianhai to the point that his face turned pale white. 800

Chen Xiang who had seen many great scenes before naturally would not be scared by this. His expression was calm, and he looked extremely relaxed.

Ma Tianhai admired Chen Xiang very much at this moment. Standing on top of him, when facing such a powerful Ma Tianqiang, when faced with the loud cheers from the surrounding Ma Tianqiang, Chen Xiang was actually calm like a mountain. If he had gone up, he would have felt his legs go weak.

Seeing Chen Xiang’s confident expression, Ma Tianhai suddenly had a bit of confidence in him. Of course, Chen Xiang didn’t need his confidence, it was useless.

"The guest guests that I, the crown prince’s elder brother, has invited are not bad! Not bad, not bad! " Ma Tianqiang had seen many people, and seeing Chen Xiang’s calmness, he knew that Chen Xiang was someone who had seen the wind before.

"You’re the Fifth Prince, I hope you won’t go back on your word!" Chen Xiang said: "We have already agreed that once I defeat you, I will be able to obtain two Tao-creation Holy stone, right?" Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"That’s right. If you lose, I can obtain the Heavenly Sea Villa, right?!" After the Ma Tianqiang finished speaking, it looked down at Ma Tianhai who was standing not far from the stage.

"Yes!" Chen Xiang nodded and said, "We can begin."

Everyone heard Chen Xiang’s tone and felt disdain.

"This fellow, look at what he’s capable of. He actually wants to defeat our Fifth Prince."

"Did he advance by leaps and bounds in the past ten days? But it doesn’t look like it either. "

"Poor crown prince. If he loses to this fellow, there won’t be much of a loss. But since it’s my own luxurious villa, I’ll have to let him go." "Popular!"

The preparation for the battle was about to begin. Many people shouted out in unison, "Fifth Prince will win!"

The Ma Tianqiang seemed to enjoy this atmosphere. It opened its arms and expressed its gratitude to the tens of thousands of spectators around it. At the same time, it indicated for them to shout like they were crazy.

"This bunch of people are truly fawning on us." Chen Xiang secretly laughed, these people were just shouting, they simply could not run down and fight, so Chen Xiang was not afraid at all.

On the other hand, when Ma Tianhai saw that his brother had such prestige, he felt inferior in his heart. He was the crown prince, but he couldn’t manage such reputation.

"You should already know the rules!" He couldn’t use weapons, nor could he get others to help him! If they die or lose the power to fight, they will lose. " The Ma Tianqiang looked down from above and said with endless contempt in her eyes.

"What if he gets knocked off the stage?" Chen Xiang asked.

"If you get knocked off the stage, you can climb back up and continue fighting. If you fall out of the stage, you won’t lose." The Ma Tianqiang said: "If you have nothing else to ask, you can start the battle now."

"No more!" Chen Xiang said.

Then, with a loud clanging sound, someone struck a giant gong, and the battle began!

From the start, the Ma Tianqiang had already rushed towards Chen Xiang, its speed was terrifying, as though it had teleported, in an instant it had crossed dozens of meters, and appeared in front of Chen Xiang. Its two fists were like two gigantic hammers, smashing towards Chen Xiang’s head and chest, on its fists, explosive bursts of lightning sparks shot out.

The lightning energy used by Ma Tianqiang was extremely violent!

From the beginning, Chen Xiang did not plan to dodge, because the opponent’s speed was very fast, and he could not expose his spatial teleportation, so from the start of the battle, he did not attack first, but instead used the power of the Tao-creation Incantation.

He instantly drew out a Tao-creation Incantation in the Divine Sense Sea, and released a burst of energy, coming out from his chest, it was a power that shook the heavens!

Just as the Ma Tianqiang’s fist was about to come in contact with Chen Xiang’s chest, the shaking power suddenly surged out from Chen Xiang’s chest. The shaking was like a ferocious wave, causing the Ma Tianqiang to retreat dozens of meters, returning to the place where it originally stood.

If he removed Chen Xiang’s clothes now, he would definitely be able to see the palm sized Tao-creation’s Incantation on his chest. It was precisely an explosive incantation he drew on his chest, if there was a next time someone attacked, the explosive force would erupt again.

The people who were initially shouting "Ma Tianqiang must win" all fell silent. Everyone could see that the Ma Tianqiang’s attack was extremely terrifying, but they were knocked back by Chen Xiang in an instant.

The Ma Tianqiang itself was frozen in place, he could feel that the sudden power was very strange and terrifying. Without any signs of aura or aura, it exploded out as if it had appeared in a moment, and looking at Chen Xiang who didn’t seem to be using any energy at all, this was truly something he had never expected.

Ma Tianhai’s eyes were wide open, he could not believe that Chen Xiang could actually push back the Ma Tianqiang in the blink of an eye!

"You have some skill." The vibration that the Ma Tianqiang felt just now was not very strong, but it could suddenly shake him away.

Chen Xiang took a deep breath, he was about to begin his attack. This time, he was not using the power of the heavens as the Tao-creation’s incantation, but his own World Defying holy soul s as the Tao-creation’s incantation!

He used the Ancient Fire Sacred Soul, which was evolved from the Ancient fire madness, and was able to make people release extremely terrifying flames. It was the most valuable treasure of the Ancient Fire Divine Sect, which Chen Xiang had accidentally obtained at that time.

The Ancient Fire Sacred Soul originally had the shape of a ball of fire, but under Chen Xiang’s control, it changed into a Tao-creation Incantation.

After Chen Xiang’s Ancient Fire Sacred Soul became a Tao-creation Incantation, all he needed to do next was to release a flame through the Ancient Fire Incantation. Then, the power of the flame would increase by at least three times or even more.

After the Ancient Fire Incantation was formed, Chen Xiang’s flames suddenly soared, and the Ma Tianqiang rushed over once again.

"Fifth Prince, you have to win!" The spectators around the stage started to cheer again, trying to give the Ma Tianqiang a boost.

"Explosion! Ancient fire!" Chen Xiang shouted in his heart, the explosive incantation for the Fire Soul flashed, and the power of the Ancient Flame that was released surged out.

When the Ma Tianqiang approached Chen Xiang, Chen Xiang’s body suddenly shook, and the entire fighting stage started to shake as well. The ancient fire accompanied a wave of violent shaking power and turned into a flaming snake, mightily rushing towards the Ma Tianqiang.

The ancient fire transformed into a fire snake, with a shaking power, it struck the Ma Tianqiang’s chest, which was full of explosive muscles!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The Ma Tianqiang roared, and its sturdy body was swept up by the wave of flames, rolling and retreating. The violent ancient fire burned brightly, the flames and waves shook, the Ma Tianqiang was burnt to a sorry state, its entire body was charred black like carbon.

Everyone fell silent once again!

The second time, when the Ma Tianqiang attacked Chen Xiang the second time, she was hit back again, but this time, she was in an extremely sorry state!

The Ma Tianqiang was enraged, and crawled up from the flames. Its charred black body was flickering with lightning, and its eyes were filled with red lightning. With a roar of rage, countless lightning bolts rained down, covering the entire stage.