Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

In his eyes, Chen Xiang was originally just a mouse. He did not intend to fight with all his might, since it was only dealing with a mouse. He only intended to toy with Chen Xiang, and defeat Chen Xiang ruthlessly.

But he never thought that Chen Xiang, a little mouse who was only at the early stages of Aoshi Holy Stage, would actually unleash such a strong power, causing him so much pain!

"Fifth Prince will win!" "The Fifth Prince will definitely win!"

Everyone started to crazily roar again, giving the Ma Tianqiang a big breath. This also made the energy in the Ma Tianqiang rush up crazily, and boil up!

"Damned mouse, I’m going to cripple you!" The Ma Tianqiang roared, transforming into a bolt of lightning and rushed towards Chen Xiang.

"What big words you have there!" The Explosion Incantation on Chen Xiang’s body frantically absorbed the energy and the explosive energy that was released had reached its peak.

The Ma Tianqiang transformed into a bolt of lightning and rushed over, raising its fists, like a gigantic iron hammer striking right at Chen Xiang’s head, its speed was extremely fast, in a blink of an eye, the gigantic fist had already landed on Chen Xiang’s head.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

An earth-shattering explosion instantly shook the sky and shook the entire battle stage. Everyone’s ears were buzzing. At this moment, the battle stage was covered with countless lightning bolts.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"

Hearing the Ma Tianqiang’s howl, everyone did not know what was going on.

The thunder dispersed, the people madly shouted. Everyone was stunned, because the muscles on the Ma Tianqiang’s arms had actually split and bled. It was shocking, and the Ma Tianqiang was also shaken to the edge of the stage.

On the other hand, Chen Xiang’s face was grave and a trickle of blood flowed down the corner of his mouth. Standing in that place just now, his body actually flickered with lightning!

The Ma Tianqiang did not expect that after Chen Xiang’s body erupted with flames just now, lightning would suddenly erupt again. Moreover, this type of lightning was even more terrifying than the one he had.

Furthermore, the lightning that Chen Xiang released through the incantation was the lightning of the Tao-creation, the most original, terrifying power. Currently, it had already disappeared within the passage of time, and was only preserved through the incantation.

"How can this be! "Impossible, this guy is as weak as a mouse, it’s impossible for me to injure him that badly." The Ma Tianqiang’s fleshy arms trembled, and it was difficult to raise them. His thick arms were the weapons that he relied on to survive, and now that he was injured, he could no longer continue to fight.

"What kind of power did you use!?" Ma Tianqiang did not dare to underestimate Chen Xiang anymore.

"The power of confidence!" Chen Xiang smiled slightly: "Are you prepared to admit defeat?"

The surroundings of the stage became quiet. The Fifth Prince being injured by such a fellow must have been due to the Fifth Prince’s negligence, which made it so. The Fifth Prince’s strength was still very strong, if they had competed again, Chen Xiang would definitely lose, and many people thought so.

Both times, it had almost caused him to spit out blood. The most frightening thing was that when he was shaking, he had even released the power of fire or lightning, which allowed the power of fire and lightning to enter the interior of his body through the shock waves, causing him to suffer even more severe injuries.

"I... I concede! " Although it was very embarrassing, a wise man knows when to stop. If he continued to fight, he would really be crippled.

He would be left with nothing to worry about. In any case, he would still be the Centaur Emperor in the future!

The Ma Tianqiang took out two pieces of the Tao-creation’s Holy stone, snorted, and threw them at Chen Xiang.

After going through a special treatment from the Tao-creation Holy stone, it did not run around randomly, and did not recognize anyone. Chen Xiang inspected it for a while, then nodded his head in satisfaction.

Ma Tianqiang did not lose too badly, at least he could still walk down the stage by himself.

The trash of a crown prince, Ma Tianhai saw Chen Xiang walking down the stairs and, as if he was in a dream, Chen Xiang actually defeated the fifth prince!

"How did you do it!" Ma Tianhai did not dare believe it, he had personally witnessed the entire process of the battle from close range.

"You are blind? You didn’t see it? " Chen Xiang chuckled, then shook his head.

Ma Tianqiang s were very strong, and their bodies were very strong. They could be considered to be extremely useful in using energy, but they were still lacking by quite a bit. Compared to humans, they did not have any methods to make their energy become stronger. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

On the other hand, what Chen Xiang was using was a heaven defying thing like the Tao-creation’s Incantation, which could increase Chen Xiang’s own strength by many times.

"Brother, do you want to stay here for a while?" Seeing how powerful Chen Xiang was, Ma Tianhai sincerely called him big brother.

"This is your antidote. It can completely cure your poison." Chen Xiang had obtained two Tao-creation Holy stone s, so he didn’t care about Ma Tianhai shooting arrows at him previously.

"Then you ..."

"No, I want to walk around." Chen Xiang said: "Actually, as long as you have more guts, you shouldn’t be so useless. You might as well stay here, you better watch out for yourself!"

Chen Xiang quickly walked out of the palace. The two Tao-creation Holy stone s were very hot in his hands, he had to leave this place as soon as possible.

After leaving the palace and changing his appearance, he decided that he needed to continue staying in the holy city. He needed to learn more about the Soul Demon Sacred Forest.

The news of the battle at the palace had already spread throughout the entire city, but many people did not know what Chen Xiang looked like. All they knew was that he was a human, and was very strong.

"If that guy had a good fight, I might not have been able to beat him." Chen Xiang was currently resting in an inn. Just now, even though he had used the Explosion Incantation to block the Ma Tianqiang’s attack, he had still suffered from a considerable amount of internal injuries.

"It’s mainly because he can’t hold it in! Furthermore, these Soul Demon’s techniques do not seem to be that good. " Qin Shuang said: "They even need humans to set up arrays and such, it can be seen that they do not have much research in this area."

"I think that the Soul Demon’s history is too short!" Su Meiyao said: "Soul Demon has been so powerful since birth, which shows that this race will not appear for too long, and the time humans appeared was difficult to determine, as if there was an endless ancient era. No matter what era it is, there will always be the shadow of humans."

"I wonder if grandpa came to this place?" Qin Shuang sighed.

After resting for a day, Chen Xiang strolled around the Armies Holy City. He was surprised to find that there were no medicine stores here, and after some inquiry, he found out from some people that there was a city established by humans in the Soul Demon Sacred Forest that sold medicine pills.

In the Soul Demon Sacred Forest, Myriad Tao Divine Soil was still used for trade, and Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals and Crystal emperor were also relatively less useful things. Most people used these things to cultivate or refine.