Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang felt that it was strange. This place was clearly above Myriad Tao, but there were still Myriad Tao Divine Soil here. This Myriad Tao Divine Soil seemed to be a little mysterious, as he would always appear a little from time to time.

"No one here has ever heard of the Super Yang Old Ancestor." Chen Xiang asked a lot of humans, but no one had heard of it. At the same time, he also asked some old Soul Demon about it. He knew that this Soul Demon Sacred Forest only had a history of over twenty thousand years, which was extremely rare. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Soul Demon Sacred Forest has a history of only twenty thousand years, but there are people who are at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage. Forget about humans, even if they are born with a huge advantage, it would take at least forty to fifty thousand years to train to the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage. "Feng Shen" Qin Shuang said.

Qin Shuang had died once, and her strength back then was also very strong.

Old Emperor Ma’s cultivation was now at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage.

Chen Xiang had cultivated to this point, and it had taken more than twenty thousand years. He had been going in and out of the Time Domain often, and he wasn’t sure exactly how much time had passed.

"Soul Demon Sacred Forest is very big, and Soul Demon Sacred Forest has only appeared for 20,000 years? I wonder what is outside of Soul Demon Sacred Forest. " Chen Xiang was extremely curious, because he had asked many people before and no one knew of the world outside of Soul Demon Sacred Forest.

Some people tried to leave this Soul Demon Sacred Forest, but no one seemed to have succeeded. Those who tried, all returned halfway without leaving, and those who did not return, their fate was unknown. Thus, the world outside the Soul Demon Sacred Forest, to the people of the Soul Demon and humans here, was just a mystery.

"One thing is certain, many humans have been here before, and they are still reproducing. If one wants to learn more about the Soul Demon Sacred Forest, then one can only look for the peak of the human Aoshi Holy Stage. They should be the first ones to come to this place."

Chen Xiang not only heard about cities that were constructed by humans, he also heard about some sects that were constructed by humans.

As for the Soul Demon, most of them built empires to become empires called emperors. They were very different from humans.

"Let’s go to the human cities and ask around first. Maybe we’ll get some good rewards there." Chen Xiang prepared to set off and find out the way to that city.

Going to that city wasn’t easy. Even if one knew where to go, it wouldn’t be easy to find. Generally, they would need someone to lead them there. There weren’t any roads outside the city because there were many plants in the forest.

Originally, Chen Xiang was worried about how he could get to the human city. However, after asking around, he found out that there was a type of Soul Demon called the Peng Demon.

In normal times, the Peng would be around the same size as a human, but after transforming, it would become extremely large, with a wingspan of a hundred zhang. Its two claws would hoist up a huge ship.

Right now, Chen Xiang could see a great Roc flying slowly towards him in the sky. The gigantic boat under his claws was also more than three hundred meters long, and there were many people inside it.

"Alright, this is equivalent to a carriage in the air!" Chen Xiang headed towards the place where the giant ship was built.

The human city was called Ao Holy City, from here to Myriad Tao Divine Soil, it required a hundred taels of silver, but for Chen Xiang, it was just a small matter.

After boarding the ship, Chen Xiang had a very small room. On the ship, there were thousands of people and Soul Demon s, who could earn a lot of Myriad Tao Divine Soil s in one round. However, it was also quite tiring, because the golden rocs would also require a lot of energy to fly.

"I’ll need seven days. It’s not too long." Chen Xiang was in his room, but he had already taken off. Looking through the window into the distance, there were trees everywhere, as far as the eye could see, this Soul Demon Sacred Forest was indeed very vast.

The majority of the people who headed to the Ao Holy City were humans, and most of them were merchants. They would bring some things from the Ao Holy City to other cities where Soul Demon s would gather, and then purchase some things that humans needed to sell, heading to the Ao Holy City to sell. Like this, they would be able to earn a lot.

Moreover, they were somewhat lazy and arrogant. After all, they had been born with a very strong power, and it would take a very long time for humans to reach the strength that they were born with.

Because of this, humans could only train hard and earn resources through business. Otherwise, there would be no place for humans in this Soul Demon Sacred Forest.

Chen Xiang came out of his room and walked out. Many people were on the deck looking at the scenery outside.

"The great roc is indeed good. Just by flying out for a few rounds, I can earn a lot of Myriad Tao Divine Soil." One person stared at the great roc above him.

"I heard that the entire Roc clan is quite powerful."

"After all, they are very hardworking!"

"Didn’t the Fire Wolf Soul Demon capture a great roc earlier? Although the Great Peng was saved, the Roc Race did not let the Fire Wolf Soul Demon go and destroyed it. "

"Apart from the Fire Wolf Clan, there is another race that has also captured the great peng. Furthermore, they haven’t been rescued yet."

Chen Xiang heard their conversation and felt it was very interesting, so he walked over.

"What kind of people?" Is this race really that strong? " Chen Xiang asked.

A square-faced middle-aged man immediately said: "It’s the Python Demon Race, these huge snakes are usually the ones who are most afraid of the golden rocs. I don’t know why, but they suddenly got hold of some powerful poison, and it seems like an extremely powerful poisonous python appeared.

"So that’s how it is. What happened next? It is impossible for Roc Race to let them go so easily. " Chen Xiang said again.

"The Roc Race sent their clan members to hunt them down, but they all returned poisoned. Right now, the Python Demon Race is burning everything to kill and loot them, relying on their powerful poison, there is simply no race that can control them. These fellows are very fierce, and every time they attack a city, they destroy the city, and if the people inside and the Soul Demon cannot escape, they will be captured and eaten as food."

"Many of the Soul Demon’s clans have teamed up in the past and wanted to exterminate the Python Demon Race, but in the end, they had no choice but to give up because their Python Demon Emperor was too strong. Not to mention the peak of the Aoshi Holy Stage, he had also grasped an extremely powerful Demon Poison, so everyone could only give up."

"In truth, Python Demon Race didn’t dare to attack those powerful demon city either. He only dared to create a few small cities, so the powerful demon clan would just ignore them. After all, the two Roc Race s couldn’t do anything to the Python Demon Race."

Chen Xiang never thought that he would actually meet an expert in the use of poison here. He finally understood why when he used Poison monkey to attack Ma Tianhai that day, he was able to make Ma Tianhai cry. It turned out that poison was a very mysterious and powerful power to this Soul Demon Sacred Forest that had such a short history.

"Those powerful demon clan members are actually wrong. Python Demon Race is currently devouring small cities to strengthen their own power, and when they have enough strength to suppress the powerful demon clans, it will be too late." Chen Xiang said as he furrowed his brows, "At that time, this part of the Soul Demon Sacred Forest will definitely be under the Python Demon Race’s rule."