Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Everyone understood the logic behind Chen Xiang’s words, the strong Goblin Tribe had also thought of such things, but right now it was not their fault, they were just occasionally worried. They felt that if such a thing really happened, it wouldn’t be too late to resolve it at that time. Furthermore, they were very confident in their own strength. When the Python Demon Race was getting stronger, they were also getting stronger.

"Friend, you seem very interested in this matter!" The square-faced middle-aged man said.

"I’m just curious. Because I train in seclusion all year round, I only came out to get some fresh air in this period of time. So, I know nothing about these things." Chen Xiang said with a smile. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"Then you should know how powerful the Python Demon Race is now! That’s why when the time comes, you might as well go and provoke Python Demon Race. " The square-faced middle aged man was very kind and reminded Chen Xiang.

"I’m not alive enough, of course not." Chen Xiang laughed.

"You can think of it that way! You don’t know, that there are many people and Soul Demon who are really desperate, wanting to go to Python Demon Race to save the golden rocs, but in the end it was difficult to come back alive. "

As the square-faced middle-aged man spoke to here, someone interrupted him.

"No, I saw a guy who came back alive last time, but both his legs were turned into bones. The poison is very scary, making it difficult for flesh to breed. After he came back, he died not long after, and after he died, he even turned into a puddle of black blood." An elder spoke of this matter with a terrified expression on his face.

"Would saving the Grand Roc bring about great benefits?" Chen Xiang knew that there would be benefits, if not there would not be so many people taking the risk.

"That great Roc is an important member of the Roc Race. I heard it is an elder of the Roc Race ... "If I can save him ..." The square-faced middle-aged man said this and stopped talking.

Chen Xiang secretly despised his actions, and did not even bother to say a word.

"Tell me, what happened after we rescued him?" Chen Xiang urged.

Now, everyone believed that Chen Xiang had just finished his closed door cultivation, because this kind of matter was already known to everyone.

"This Roc Race elder has a daughter." An old man laughed, "Do you understand now? That bounty was also given by this little girl."

Chen Xiang curled his lips: "The Great Peng’s transformation into a humanoid form isn’t too complete, I’ve seen it before."

After transforming into a humanoid form, the Roc demon had a pointed nose, wings on its back, and more or less had feathers on its body.

The Soul Demon here had transformed into human form and more or less retained their original beast form.

"You might not know this, but that elder’s daughter is extremely special. She only has a pair of wings, and her face is extremely beautiful." A young man chuckled and said, "I’ve only seen Jean once from a distance... Of course, the young people would only take the risk for the sake of her beauty, while the older people would only do so for the sake of the treasures in her hands. "

Chen Xiang originally did not want to ask anymore, but the beauties inside the You Yao Mountain Villa told him to continue asking, as they were extremely curious about that treasure.

"What treasure?" Chen Xiang was helpless, she could only respect the intentions of these beauties.

"Aohun holy bead s, they can absorb the second, third, or even fourth floor’s World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, which can gather a large amount of World Defying Stage Fierce Soul’s power. The higher the level, the stronger the condensed out power, which can allow the World Defying holy soul to progress faster." The old man said.

Bai Youyou suddenly said: "Chen Xiang, ask him, did the Roc Girl come out from World Defying Stage Soul River? Didn’t all these Soul Demon s come from the World Defying Stage Soul River? How could they have children? The people from before did the same. "

"Right, how did the Soul Demon get born ..." Chen Xiang knew that his question would cause many people to roll their eyes at him.

"Young man, you were born just now, right?" The square-faced middle-aged man could not help but laugh as he teased, "You don’t even know that!"

The old man said in a very patient voice, "There are two situations. The first is when the Soul Demon condenses a Blood Bead himself, and then puts the Blood Bead into the World Defying Stage Soul River, and nurtures it for ten or a hundred years. The Blood Bead will contain a baby from the Soul Demon, and after absorbing the mixed energy from the Blood Bead, it will gradually become a large bead.

Chen Xiang had seen the Fishmen before, so this was how they were born!

"The second case is where the male and female Soul Demon condense a Blood Bead and fuse together to form two Blood Beads. Then, both parties work together to form a Blood Bead of about a hundred years old. Here, every clan had a very big pond, and this pond had a spring. The spring water came from the World Defying Stage Soul River. If it is a race that is close to the World Defying Stage Soul River, then it would surround a region above the World Defying Stage Soul River. "

Chen Xiang also understood that the process was rather complicated.

"Brat, don’t you lose your life because of the Aohun holy bead and the White Roc Girl! Many of the young people were hot-blooded and went to find the Python Demon Race and didn’t return in the end." The old man sighed.

"White Roc Girl?" Chen Xiang asked.

His daughter is a white feathered roc. When she took human form, she only had a pair of white wings, the rest were exactly the same as humans, and because she is extremely beautiful, many young humans drooled upon her. " The elder shook his head and said in a low voice, "This demoness has caused a lot of deaths."

"She was anxious to save her father and was willing to devote her life to him. This shows her feelings towards her father." Chen Xiang laughed: "And to those who died, if you want to obtain her and her Aohun holy bead, you must be willing to take the risk. If you want to reap both wealth and rewards, you have to pay something. "

"I wish you could see that." The old man also smiled. He couldn’t bear to see so many young people throw their lives away. Those old fellows were already done with their lives.

It was dark when Chen Xiang returned to his room. Just as he was about to rest, he heard Long Xueyi shouting, "Little Scoundrel, go and rescue the golden rocs."

"The use of Aohun holy bead should be great. Many old fellows are here for this, even if they were to die, it can be seen that they are extraordinary." Qin Shuang said: "This is definitely something that can allow Aoshi Holy Stage to quickly break through."

It was extremely difficult to level up Aoshi Holy Stage, even if he wanted to eat Aohun holy Dan, he had to eat a lot.

"Okay, wait until we arrive at Ao Holy City, then I will ask around. At that time, if I succeed, I will only ask for Aohun holy bead s." Chen Xiang said very seriously.

"Is that so? The White Roc girl didn’t want any more? This is such a waste! " Su Meiyao chuckled: "Isn’t this your style?"

"That’s right, pretend to be serious!" Long Xueyi scoffed.

Although Qin Shuang and Bai Youyou did not speak, both of them agreed with Long Xueyi’s words.

"I’m serious! "If you say no, then no." Chen Xiang snorted.

"Don’t waste it, don’t give it to me." Long Xueyi said: "This way, she’ll be able to carry me and fly around."