Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was speechless for a while, and then said to Long Xueyi and the others: "This is what you guys want, I don’t want it.

Long Xueyi let out an extremely disdainful snort. At this time, Chen Xiang could feel the big white eyes of a few women inside the You Yao Mountain Villa.

"Aohun holy bead, this thing must definitely be very useful. I really hope we can get to Ao Holy City as soon as possible!" Chen Xiang was in a hurry to go to Ao Gu Holy City and ask about the Python Demon Race. There were many people who were unable to come back, which meant that these people had all gone to the right place. This also meant that many people knew where the Python Demon Race was.

Chen Xiang rested in the small room, and would go out to take a walk from time to time to get to know the people and Soul Demon, and he had also experienced quite a few them.

Most of them looked like half-beastmen, and the most powerful Soul Demon on board should be the lion-man Soul Demon.

The werecreature lion did not have a four legged lower body like a horse. The lion man’s lower body was similar to a human’s, both standing on two legs. It was extremely robust and had a tail. The lion man’s upper body was like a human god, its muscles bulging.

From Chen Xiang’s observation, as long as it was a strong and muscular Soul Demon, they all had the habit of not liking to be dressed in clothes.

The more interesting Soul Demon was a Dog Man, its body was complete, but it had a dog head. This was considered a tragedy, the Dog Man was teased by the other stronger Soul Demon, it was nothing much, just secretly patting his dog head.

Basically, the Soul Demon was a little arrogant in front of the human race, because they were born strong, but overall, they got along well. Chen Xiang also asked around, there were very few cases where the human race and the Soul Demon became husband and wife, and the main problem was that the Soul Demon’s standards of beauty did not match with the human race. Only the White Roc girl’s body had become human.

It was said that the closer the Soul Demon was to a human, the more talent she had, so her cultivation speed would be even faster. Therefore, Bai Peng Nu’s strength was also very strong, because she already had a very mysterious Aohun holy bead.

After thinking about it, Chen Xiang suddenly had a trace of fantasies about the White Roc Girl, but it was just that, he was more concerned about the Aohun holy bead.

"I wonder what the python demon looks like!" Chen Xiang was very curious, he felt that it should be a half human half snake, the most obvious characteristic of Soul Demon was that his body had a certain beast type part.

Chen Xiang lied at the window, looking at the endless Soul Demon Sacred Forest below him, his mind filled with countless thoughts, as he thought about all sorts of things.

Suddenly, a sharp shout came from the window: "Poisonous Python Demon is on the boat!"

Chen Xiang was in the cabin, on the middle floor!

He heard the noise and immediately climbed out the window and onto the top deck, saving him time.

"Everyone, I will land now!" If you join hands to deal with the Python Demon, and take down the Python Demon, the Roc Race will reward you handsomely! " Although the great roc flying in the sky was very big, it was still a little afraid of the poisonous python demon. Moreover, it was flying right now, if anything happened to the boat, if it fell down, it would most likely be injured. If it was also poisoned by the python demon, it would be in danger.

After Chen Xiang went up, he saw the Python Demon, it was different from what he had expected. He originally thought that the Python Demon was a snake-like human, but it was not.

The python demon was humanoid, with two limbs and a head that looked like a snake. It had some scales on it, snake apricot in its mouth, and a long snake tail at its waist, no one knew what uses it had, and its two arms were covered with black snake scales. It was unknown how it managed to sneak in, but the characteristics of the Poisonous Python Demon were obvious.

Everyone did not dare make a move, they had already gotten far away, worried that they would be poisoned, because according to the legends, once someone was poisoned with Poisonous Python Demon’s poison, their body would turn black, and then drop down one piece at a time. This would last for a very long time, and it would be even more painful than death. If it was serious, it would turn into a black pool of blood. It was extremely terrifying.

Everyone hid in the cabin. As long as the boat touched the ground, they could jump out the window.

"Capture this guy and let me see if I can develop an antidote pill. Normally, snakes can be cured with snake venom." Bai Youyou said.

Bai Youyou’s sister Bai Ziqian was an expert in the use of poison, Chen Xiang was very clear about this fact. Back then, he and Bai Ziqian had done extremely intimate things in Du Xiaoling’s little house.

Furthermore, Du Xiaoling and Lv Qinlian were both in the Hundreds of Flowers Village, so she would definitely have learned a little, and using poison was something that the demonic way should be able to master. As a peerless devil woman, Bai Youyou definitely had mastered it a little.

"Little monkeys, it’s your turn!" The golden rocs had already landed, and the people and Soul Demon on the deck all hid inside the boat. There was only one Poisonous Python Demon, and his target was very obvious.

It was said that the golden rocs were the fastest flying birds in the Soul Demon Sacred Forest, the reason why the Poisonous Python Demon caught the golden rocs was to tame them and make them into mounts. If they suddenly let these poisonous pythons land in a city, the consequences would be unimaginable.

The moment Chen Xiang came up, he used Counter Power Invisibility, causing the Poisonous Python Demon to be unable to see him. When he saw that there was no one on the deck, he rushed towards the large iron chain.

The big iron chain hung the huge boat, tied with the claws of the golden rocs, the Poisonous Python Demon climbed up the big iron chain onto the claws of the golden rocs.

The Poison Python’s speed was extremely fast, but the Poison monkey’s speed was even faster. It quietly approached the Poisonous Python Demon and with a * shua shua * sound, it memorized how the six claws of the three Poison monkey all pierced through the stiff snake scales on the Poison Python’s body, and then completely injected the poison power from the Drunk god magical poison’s poison sac into Poisonous Python Demon’s body.

The Poison monkey’s body had several poison sacs, and all of them were different types of poison. This was the result of Du Xiaoling!

Chen Xiang was worried that the Poisonous Python Demon’s body might have a strong poison resistance, so he asked the Poison monkey to release all of the Drunk god magical poison’s poison powers.

Poisonous Python Demon never would have thought that a Soul Demon who used poison like him would actually be plotted against by poison. He could feel that the power in his body was gradually weakening and a bizarre power was currently corroding his body’s strength, so he knew that it was a very bizarre type of poison.

"Come in!" Chen Xiang took out the Tianchuang furnace, covered it with the body of the Poisonous Python Demon, and stored it inside. Then, he returned to his own room.

The huge ship had already landed, and everyone jumped out of the window. At this moment, the Roc Demon warned everyone not to run around, but to split into small teams to prevent dangerous Soul Demon from running into them in the forest.

The great peng demon inspected the huge ship and realized that the Poisonous Python Demon was already gone. He did not know where the Poisonous Python Demon had gone to, but how did he get on the ship? This caused the great roc to be puzzled.

At this time, Chen Xiang and the others were in the forest below, simultaneously observing Poisonous Python Demon in the Tianchuang furnace. was completely suppressing the snake poison, and the Poisonous Python Demon was like a soft earthworm lying in a sealed space within the Tianchuang furnace.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com