Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"Where’s the Poisonous Python Demon?" One of them shouted, "I even saw him preparing to climb the iron chains!"

"Because of my quick descent, he knew that it would be difficult to succeed, so he ran! No need to worry, I have already checked, there are no longer anyone on the huge ship or on the Soul Demon, they are all empty. " The huge ship was also a divine tool. Having established a connection with the huge ship, as long as one put a little effort into it, they would be able to discover if there were any living creatures on the ship.

"I am truly sorry for what has happened. After we reach the Holy City of Ao Gu, I will return the Myriad Tao Divine Soil that took the boat as compensation." The Great Peng said, "Quickly come up here. You should know the prestige of the Roc Race."

This place was still quite a distance away from Ao Holy City, and furthermore, it was outside of the city, so it was quite dangerous. No one wanted to walk to Ao Holy City, so they had no choice but to board the ship.

However, many of them were very worried, and did not dare to rest. They had gathered in groups of three to five, and only Chen Xiang was in his room sleeping soundly, because he had caught Poisonous Python Demon.

The Poisonous Python Demon who was sealed within the Tianchuang furnace felt that he was unlucky, and just as he was about to succeed and catch an adult Roc Demon, he suddenly used a few unknown things to attack him, and they were even using a very strange poison!

Amongst the Soul Demon Sacred Forest, Python Demon Race had the strongest poison, but right now, he had met someone who was even more powerful than them!

The poison in the three Poison monkey were all Du Xiaoling’s. Du Xiaoling had studied the various poisons for many thousands of years already, and at that time, the Soul Demon Sacred Forest was still not born yet.

Even if it was Bai Youyou, this brat, when using this poison, the Python Demon Race would willingly admit defeat.

"Then what about Poisonous Python Demon?" Bai Youyou asked.

"You’ve completely turned into a coward. I’ll leave it to you." Chen Xiang took out the Poisonous Python Demon from the Tianchuang furnace and threw it at Bai Youyou.

Although the Poisonous Python Demon had a very dense amount of Drunk god magical poison, Bai Youyou was still very careful and told Feng Ke’er to seal it.

Poisonous Python Demon was furious. It was not easy for him to get rid of a crocodile, put on the crocodile skin, and get on the ship.

"I’ll use Soul Absorbing Devil Spell on him first." Bai Youyou said: "This will allow us to understand more about the Python Demon Race!"

"This should be able to go smoothly, right?" Chen Xiang said.

"Don’t worry, I’m much more experienced than you." Bai Youyou’s Soul Absorbing Devil Spell was something that Bai Youyou had taught him, and he had been constantly improving it.

Following that, the Poisonous Python Demon suffered the most from birth, the pain came from the soul. The Soul Absorbing Devil Spell not only ravaged the soul of the Poisonous Python Demon, it also searched through all of the memories.

"Leave refining the antidote to Meiyao and I." Just by searching through his memories, Bai Youyou was already full of confidence.

"I’m busy!" Su Meiyao giggled. She and Su Meiyao had been fellow sisters for many years.

Long Xueyi asked: "Sister You You, did you learn anything about the Poisonous Python Demon from this fellow’s memories?" Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Poisonous Python Demon is hiding underground, and everyone only knows that Python Demon Race is in one area, so they don’t know the exact location. Also, after Poisonous Python Demon is captured, they would most likely commit suicide immediately to prevent themselves from being tortured, so for many years, no one knew where Python Demon Race’s snake nest is." Bai Youyou said: "This guy was struck by a Drunk god magical poison and didn’t even have the strength to commit suicide. I only found out about it after I used the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell."

Su Meiyao carefully received the green venom from Bai Youyou, which was extracted from the inner part of the Poisonous Python Demon’s poison sac.

Qin Shuang watched on from the side. Su Meiyao was an alchemist, and also possessed a pill spirit. Bai Youyou had mastered all sorts of mystical demonic techniques, and was extremely proficient in poisons. These two extraordinary girls, made her feel that they were both Chen Xiang’s women.

Qin Shuang had also heard from Long Xueyi that Chen Xiang seemed to have a lot of women, and they were all beautiful women with all kinds of unique skills ...

What was there to worry about? Chen Xiang didn’t need to worry about the antidote, if not he would have to concoct it himself. It would be troublesome.

"When we arrive at Ao Holy City, I’ll go learn how to accept the bounty." Chen Xiang said: "Now we already know where Python Demon Race’s old lair is, if the bounty is confirmed to be real, I will go and rescue the elder of Roc Race, and then publicize the location of Python Demon Race’s old lair."

Chen Xiang felt that the reason that the various great Soul Demon s and powers had failed to encircle and annihilate the Python Demon Race s was very likely because they did not know of the Python Demon Race’s nest. After entering the Python Demon Race’s territory, they would be met with all kinds of poison traps, and they would most likely be dead before they could even find their nest.

It had to be said that the Python Demon from the Python Demon Race knew how to use his poison.

"The Ao Holy City is about to arrive!" The great roc’s voice suddenly rang out, and the people who had been fighting Chestnut finally breathed a sigh of relief. They had nearly been frightened to the point of shouting out when they saw the rope these past few days, thinking it was a poisonous python.

"It’s done!" Su Meiyao said: "Although there are only 10 or so pills, the difficulty is not that high. I will be refining even more of them."

"How is it made?" Chen Xiang asked curiously.

The venom of a poisonous python is itself able to resist its own poison. We just need to separate out the portion of the venom that is resistant to venom and add in some medicinal herbs to improve the quality of this part. This will allow us to have an even stronger resistance to venom. Su Meiyao said: "We have already tried using your Mouse Man, it was extremely successful."

Qin Shuang had also opened her eyes. Even though she was the granddaughter of the Super Yang Old Ancestor, she only knew a little about poisons and such things. Normally, if she was poisoned, she would only know how to suppress them with her strong power and force them out of her body.

"That’s good. We will reach the Holy City soon." Chen Xiang said: "You guys should rest too, don’t be too tired."

The Poisonous Python Demon had already been taken care of ... Being used by Bai Youyou to feed the monkeys, she died an extremely aggrieved death.

The golden rocs had already flown to a huge plaza in the Holy City of Ao Gu, allowing the huge ship to land on a special ship’s indent. Before the ship even landed on the indent, many people jumped off, as if they were rushing to reincarnate.

Many of the people closed their eyes, feeling that their bodies had been melted by the poison. As they watched themselves turn into a pool of blood, it could be seen how terrifying the Poisonous Python Demon was in their hearts.

Originally, the Da Peng wanted to compensate the Myriad Tao Divine Soil that they boarded the ship with, but now, everyone gave up.

And it was only Chen Xiang, who slowly walked down the stairs. Poisonous Python Demon had already fed the monkeys, he had nothing to be afraid of.