After everyone had escaped the giant ship, they began to tell their friends about what had happened. As a result, this matter quickly spread throughout the entire Holy City.

"Why are there so many golden rocs here?" Chen Xiang saw that on the streets of Ao Gu Holy City, from time to time, huge shadows would sweep across the sky.

After Chen Xiang asked around, he found out that the White Roc Girl was also here. There were a lot of Da Peng Demons that came with her, and now the White Roc Girl was in City Lord’s Mansion.

"City Lord’s Mansion, that’s great, I was just looking for her!" After Chen Xiang found out where the City Lord’s Mansion was, he immediately headed to the City Lord’s Mansion.

After knowing about Poisonous Python Demon’s business of boarding ships, she made a public announcement that the person who wanted to board the ship could rely on the piece of paper they got from the ship to seek her for compensation, and it was even ten times more than that. After all, this had to do with the reputation of the Roc Race.

Chen Xiang was obviously not going to collect compensation right now, but to discuss about the Aohun holy bead with the White Roc Girl. He also had the confidence to save the White Roc Girl’s father right now, so it didn’t matter if she married him or not.

They were all people who had ridden on the huge ship, causing Chen Xiang to see many familiar faces. They did not plan to take it, being able to live was after all their greatest fortune, but after knowing that the White Roc Girl wanted to compensate them tenfold, they all rushed over, like this, they could also see the White Roc Girl’s peerlessly beautiful face.

Chen Xiang took the boarding certificate and queued up to receive compensation. This was the compensation personally awarded by Bai Peng Nu.

"Roc Demon Princess is really kind. If I have enough power in the future, I will definitely slaughter all of Poisonous Python Demon and save your father." When a young man saw the white peng girl, he became excited and started to brag.

"Thank you for your kindness, Big Brother ..." However, I have already decided to cancel the bounty. This has caused the death of many people. Bai Roc sighed softly.

Chen Xiang was still at the back of the line, unable to see the White Roc Girl’s face, but he could hear her words. This made him remember to jump, he came here for the Aohun holy bead, and he had already made preparations.

Everyone could only sigh, because everyone knew that the Python Demon Race was very difficult to deal with and had hidden it well. No one knew where they were, and in these past few years, many people and Soul Demon had already died because of that bounty.

If it was cancelled at this moment, many people would only sigh. After all, this was an extremely difficult bounty.

Chen Xiang thought and waited for his turn to receive compensation.

With a pair of snow-white wings behind her, and a pure white dress on her body, and her long hair hanging down to her chest, Chen Xiang finally saw the White Roc Girl. Within her black hair, there were several strands of white fur.

Her snow-white face carried a smile, giving people a feeling of being approachable. No matter who it was, she would always be able to reveal a smile that came from the bottom of her heart. Just this charming smile on her face was enough to make many fall for her.

"Great beauty, I want it!" Long Xueyi released a bit of her consciousness from You Yao Mountain Villa, and when she saw Bai Peng, she shouted.

"Don’t shout." Chen Xiang snorted.

"I knew you wanted it, so I wasn’t allowed to, right?" Long Xueyi laughed.

Chen Xiang ignored her, and it was almost his turn.

"Roc Demon Princess, I do not need compensation, I only hope that you can answer a few of my questions, is that alright?" Chen Xiang asked. In the eyes of many, these Myriad Tao Divine Soil s were not small amounts of money.

"If I can answer, I will, and I will give you compensation." The White Roc girl narrowed her eyes that were as gentle as water and smiled lightly at Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang had already observed a few well-dressed, extremely arrogant young masters standing behind Bai Peng Girl. They should be the descendants of the big powers in Ao Gu Holy City, and someone had just mentioned that the blue-clothed man who occasionally talked to Bai Peng Girl was the son of the City Lord. He had a very high status, and his strength was not weak either.

Seeing that Chen Xiang wanted to ask the white peng girl a few more questions, these young masters became slightly impatient. They were also worried that Chen Xiang would ask some rude questions.

"When will the bounty you placed be officially withdrawn?" There should be a lot of people in other cities who don’t know about it. " Chen Xiang said. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Right now, it can be considered as an official withdrawal. I’ve already told our friends to fly to the big cities to inform us." "I’ll let our friends in the big cities know about this as soon as possible, so they won’t take the risk," Bai Peng said.

"If someone really can save your father, will you keep your promise?" Chen Xiang asked again, "Perhaps someone is already on their way to find the Python Demon Race. If they succeed and you cancel the bounty after they return, wouldn’t that cause them to feel very disappointed!"

"You asked very well. I also had such considerations, so I have a deadline for the reward. From today onwards, you can fulfill my previous promise within a hundred days. The reason why I did that was only to prevent everyone from taking the risk again. If I was able to save my father, I would not receive any compensation, but I will still be very grateful. " The White Roc girl said faintly.

Everyone silently nodded their heads. If Bai Roc Nu promised to keep the bounty for an indefinite period of time, then there would be no use in cancelling the bounty!

"What is it? Do you want to take the final risk? " A man in blue with an arrogant expression walked over, he looked at Chen Xiang with disdain. Chen Xiang was merely in the early stages of Aoshi Holy Stage, in his eyes, he was just a weak chicken.

"I do have such an idea." Chen Xiang knew that this blue-clothed man was the son of the City Lord, named Cheng Shaoren.

"Friend, I’d advise you not to go. I just heard the news that the Python Demon Race has moved recently, mainly because the place they were originally at was too small and they have opened up a wider area. At the moment, we are still too clear on where they are at, and only have a general idea of what kind of place they are currently." "That’s why if you go to that area that everyone knows about, you will be attacked by all kinds of poisonous traps."

That was to say, the memory that Bai Youyou had found was the old nest of the Python Demon Race! That Poisonous Python Demon probably hasn’t returned to its nest for a long time already, so it didn’t know about the move.

"So that area might still have Poisonous Python Demon s, but my father is definitely not there anymore!" Bai Peng said.