Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Before, Chen Xiang was full of confidence, thinking that he had already grasped the location of the Python Demon Race. However, now that he found out about this, he was very depressed. If he wanted to find the Python Demon Race’s new nest, he could only ask the Roc Race or even catch another Poisonous Python Demon.

The Poisonous Python Demon s were not easy to catch. They had concealed themselves well and rarely appeared in places with many people.

Bai Peng Girl had already taken out a few Myriad Tao Divine Soil s and handed them over to Chen Xiang.

After receiving it, Chen Xiang asked again, "Roc Demon Princess, then can you tell me where your Python Demon Race’s new nest is?" UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

It was very obvious that Chen Xiang was going to look for Python Demon Race’s new home with the aim of saving the White Roc Girl’s father.

"I can’t tell you, I’ve cancelled the bounty and don’t want any more people to take the risk." Bai Peng Nu shook her head. "Please forgive me."

’s attitude is very obvious, so this matter shall end here. We will naturally be able to take care of the matters concerning Python Demon Race, so stop trying to be brave, you are just drooling over the fact that you are just someone who is coveting Roc Demon Princess. "

"So it’s like that. The other party’s Roc Demon Princess has already given up. Why are you worrying so much? Isn’t it because you have other intentions towards the Roc Demon Princess?" The young man beside Cheng Shaoren sneered.

"Hmph, someone like you wants to eat swan meat?"

"Hurry up and get lost!"

Her voice was filled with displeasure as she said to the people behind her, "You’re all being a bit polite. He just wanted to save my father. You’re not allowed to say that to him!"

"Hmph, don’t you guys have any ill intentions towards the Roc Demon Princess?" Chen Xiang laughed coldly.

"Roc Demon Princess is our friend, we don’t have any other thoughts towards him, how can he be like you?" Cheng Shaoren shouted in anger.

"Really? You really don’t have any ill intentions towards the Roc Demon Princess? " Chen Xiang laughed, his laughter was filled with contempt and disbelief.

Cheng Shaoren and the other young masters were truly angry. Roc Demon Princess only shook her head at Chen Xiang, signalling for him not to go against these young masters anymore. She seemed to be already used to this kind of thing.

To be honest, Cheng Shaoren and the other young masters did not have any ill intentions towards the Roc Demon Princess, and they definitely did not believe it.

"I, Cheng Shaoren swear, I will never have any ill intentions towards anyone in Roc Demon Princess!" Cheng Shaoren said loudly.

The other young masters also swore!

"Looks like you are all speaking the truth. I am relieved now!" If you fellows have any ill intentions towards the Roc Demon Princess, then it is truly worrisome! " Chen Xiang laughed.

Everyone was shocked, there were actually people who dared to go against the few young masters of Ao Gu Holy City, seeing how Cheng Shaoren and the others looked as if they wanted to kill them, they could tell that the rage in their hearts was suppressed. Only the White Roc Girl was here, if not they would have already attacked.

Everyone knew that when the White Roc Girl was here, she would definitely not let these people make a move against Chen Xiang.

"The others still need to receive compensation!" The white peng girl said to Chen Xiang, hinting at him to quickly leave the place.

Chen Xiang walked to the side and let the people behind him claim their compensation. He did not leave, he had steeled his heart to ask where Python Demon Race’s new nest was.

"What’s your name? "How dare you be so arrogant! If you’re a man, then tell me your name!" Cheng Shaoren said coldly.

"Oh? Do you want to seek revenge in the future? " Chen Xiang asked.

"Hmph, I knew you were a coward! Relying on the protection of the Roc Demon Princess, that’s why you dare to hoot at us, so you clearly want to show off in front of the Roc Demon Princess! " Cheng Shaoren laughed coldly: "I am very clear about your thoughts, unless you tell me your real name, let me see exactly who you are."

"You promised to go to Python Demon Race, you must have a certain level of strength, you should be someone, you don’t have to hide your name." A man in green clothes beside Cheng Shaoren said.

"I’m just a nobody. Even if I tell you my name, you guys might not have heard it. When the time comes, I will tell you my real name." Chen Xiang shook his head and laughed.

"Tell me!" Cheng Shaoren laughed heartily: "It seems like you don’t dare to use your real name."

The purpose of Cheng Shaoren and the others was very clear. They really wanted to know Chen Xiang’s name and then find a chance to take revenge later on, because there had never been such a small fry who dared to provoke them like this.

"My name is Chen Xiang, have you heard of me?" Chen Xiang sighed.

Chen Xiang? Everyone was startled, especially those who came to collect compensation, they were all here from Man Holy City. Although they did not personally witness the battle in the palace, they knew that the one who defeated the Fifth Prince was called Chen Xiang, who was the guest official of the crown prince. He was holding two very precious Tao-creation Holy stone in his hands.

How could these noble young masters of the Holy City not know about the matters of the human race? Especially Cheng Shaoren and the others, they and the Fifth Prince’s Ma Tianqiang all gathered together regularly. It was only because of the White Roc Girl’s arrival in Ao Holy City during this period that they did not go to the Palace to spectate the battle.

and the others were extremely clear about the power of Ma Tianqiang, because among their group of young masters, Ma Tianqiang was one of the few who could step into the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage.

She really did not expect that the person in front of her was the mysterious Guest Warrior who had just defeated the Ma Tianqiang. Now, she finally understood why Chen Xiang would not be in a hurry to provoke Cheng Shaoren and the other young masters. Furthermore, he was not afraid at all, because he himself already possessed very strong powers.

"This guy is Chen Xiang, I’m actually on the same boat as him!"

"I didn’t expect him to be so young. I even had a chat with him before. He’s a very polite young man."

"It seems like he had just come out of closed-door training and did not know anything. He only found out about the Python Demon Race when he was chatting with us on the ship."

"No wonder he isn’t afraid of Cheng Shaoren and the others!"

Cheng Shaoren’s expression was extremely ugly. The person in front of him was definitely stronger than him, because back then, the Fifth Prince’s Ma Tianqiang had accepted his loss wholeheartedly and directly admitted defeat.

The most surprising thing was that Chen Xiang was only in the early stages of Aoshi Holy Stage!

"Young Master Shen, I have heard a lot about you!" The White Roc girl broke the silence and said softly.

In front of Chen Xiang, even the White Roc Girl called herself a little girl. It could be seen that the White Roc Girl was very optimistic about Chen Xiang! After all, Chen Xiang was a young Ranker, and strong people would always worship him.

"No need for formalities, I don’t know if Roc Demon Princess can tell me about Python Demon Race’s new nest, if I get lucky and succeed, I will also only ask for Aohun holy bead." Chen Xiang smiled slightly: "The Aohun holy bead is very useful to me!"

Roc Demon Princess shook his head: "Even though you can defeat Ma Tianqiang and have extraordinary strength, you still cannot find Python Demon Race! You are still young and your future is boundless. I cannot destroy you, and this is all for your own good, so stop being so stubborn. "