Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Alright, how about you lend the Aohun holy bead to me for a few days? I am willing to pawn the Tao-creation Holy stone in my hands! " Chen Xiang said. He had the Time Domain, so using three stages would give him a lot of time.

"With the Aohun holy bead in my mother’s hands, I can’t decide whether or not I can lend it to you! The main reason is that Aohun holy bead are extremely precious and their value is much higher than the two Tao-creation Holy stone s. " Roc Demon Princess’s face revealed a troubled expression, "Please understand!"

Chen Xiang laughed: "It’s fine, just tell me where Python Demon Race’s new nest is!"

Cheng Shaoren snorted: "You’re not done yet, the Roc Demon Princess already said that he doesn’t want you to die, this is for your own good, you are still bothering me! You do have some power, but it is not enough for you in front of Python Demon Race. If a strong Ranker from the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage goes, it would be hard to say if you will make it back alive, let alone you! "

"That’s right. You think you’re invincible under the heavens because you have some ability."

"Let’s hurry up and go, he’s a Roc Demon Princess."

The few young masters mocked and ridiculed him, but they were not as arrogant as before. After all, Chen Xiang was stronger than them.

"Young man, forget it! Poisonous Python Demon is really powerful, you should have already seen it when you were on the boat. "

"Right, right, we are on the same boat, you should know how scary Poisonous Python Demon is by now!"

"Weird, you didn’t seem to be on deck for the past few days! You dare to stay in this room by yourself, are you not afraid of the Poisonous Python Demon? "

A few days after the appearance of Poisonous Python Demon, no one dared to stay in the room as they were afraid of being eaten by Poisonous Python Demon’s sneak attack.

"To tell you the truth, I had to rest in my room for the past few days because my vitality was greatly damaged." Chen Xiang coughed a few times: "I was attacked by the Poisonous Python Demon!"

When everyone heard this, they could not help but take in a breath of cold air. Poisonous Python Demon was actually still on the giant ship, and he even attacked people!

The White Roc Girl also looked at Chen Xiang with an expression of disbelief!

"Young Master Shen, this is... Really? How do you feel now? The poison in Poisonous Python Demon is very strong! " Bai Peng said anxiously. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Cheng Shaoren was also secretly surprised a moment ago, but now he sneered: "Forget it, I heard that he was blindly hearing things and was attacked by the Poisonous Python Demon, so he died a long time ago! It has already turned into poisonous blood. "

"Chen Xiang, it’s not right for you to lie to Roc Demon Princess. Look how much they care about you!"

"Roc Demon Princess, don’t listen to his nonsense."

Chen Xiang said: "I am not spouting nonsense, I fought with Poisonous Python Demon, but he was quickly taken care of by me, but because of this, his vitality suffered a huge blow, and he had no choice but to rest inside his room!"

If you can take care of the Poisonous Python Demon, I will give you a Crystal emperor as a reward for your courage in killing the Poisonous Python Demon, and eliminate all the harm for the people! Cheng Shaoren sneered.

The white peng girl took in a light breath and said: "Young Master Shen, if what you said is true, and can prove that you have killed Poisonous Python Demon, I think our Roc Race can lend you the Aohun holy bead for a few days."

At that time, the three Poison monkey had almost finished all of Poisonous Python Demon’s food. Luckily, there was still a set of bones left, otherwise he would have missed this opportunity.

Especially that Cheng Shaoren’s Crystal emperor, he wanted it for sure!

"Roc Demon Princess, you should be able to appraise the bones of the Poisonous Python Demon, right?" Chen Xiang asked.

Hearing Chen Xiang’s question, Cheng Shaoren’s heart dropped, could this be true?

"We, the Roc Race, have also killed before. There are corpses of the Poisonous Python Demon."

"Alright!" Chen Xiang immediately took out the Poisonous Python Demon’s skeleton, it was a black skeleton that had been burned by flames.

Everyone immediately surrounded to see if this was the real Poisonous Python Demon skeleton.

"This is the real Poisonous Python Demon, everyone please do not come closer, it may release poisonous gas." The White Roc girl shouted in alarm. After everyone heard this, they immediately fled.

Poisonous Python Demon was killed by Chen Xiang!

"This little guy, after killing the Poisonous Python Demon, he was actually resting in his room as if nothing had happened."

"If you had told us earlier, we wouldn’t have had to worry for days."

"No wonder he was able to stay in his room peacefully. I remember he was the last to disembark."

"Because only he himself knew that Poisonous Python Demon had been killed by him."

The people on the boat were all sighing with emotion.

Chen Xiang looked at Cheng Shaoren, and laughed: "I remember that the young City Lord said he would reward me with a Crystal emperor? As the son of a great City Lord, you will definitely not go back on your words. I shall thank the young City Lord first. "

This kind of young master loved face very much. If he didn’t give this to them, people would definitely treat this as a joke for many years. As long as he was alive, this joke wouldn’t go extinct.

Cheng Shaoren’s expression was extremely ugly!

"Young Master Shen, can you give me the Poisonous Python Demon’s corpse? In return for my gratitude, I will ask the clan elders to lend you the Aohun holy bead for a few days. " Bai Peng said.

"Of course you can! Because I was betting everything on one throw and used my strongest flame power, I burnt this fellow down to this in one breath. It must be said that the bones of this Poisonous Python Demon is really difficult to burn, even if it was a fellow in the middle stages of Aoshi Holy Stage, after being burned by me with all my might, he would definitely turn into smoke. "

Chen Xiang’s words made everyone shudder. Just how strong was the flame? Even someone in the middle stages of Aoshi Holy Stage could turn into mist.

"Using powerful flames to deal with Poisonous Python Demon is indeed a very effective method!" The thing she used to store the Poisonous Python Demon right now was specially made. When she touched the corpse, she even wore a black glove, but no one knew what it was made of.

"Young Master Shen, don’t worry. I will definitely do my best to borrow the Aohun holy bead for you." The white peng girl said as she put the corpse away.

"I believe in Roc Demon Princess! It’s not like some people who are just speaking casually. " When Chen Xiang said this, he glanced at Cheng Shaoren.

"This is a Crystal emperor, take it!" Cheng Shaoren’s heart dripped with blood, and threw the Crystal emperor back to Chen Xiang.

The instant that Chen Xiang ended up with the Crystal emperor, Cheng Shaoren felt extremely pained. He had gone all out to get that, and now there were actually none left, but when he thought about the two Tao-creation Holy stone that he had lost, his heart became much more balanced.

"Young City Lord is indeed a sincere person." Chen Xiang laughed and cupped his hands towards Cheng Shaoren.

Cheng Shaoren just wanted to cry at this moment. He snorted and walked back into the City Lord’s Mansion.

Chen Xiang kept the Crystal emperor well. Although he was not lacking in this thing, he didn’t mind having too many.

"Young Master Shen, after I have distributed the compensation, would you mind joining my Roc Lodge?" Bai Peng said.

"Very much so." Chen Xiang laughed, he felt that there was hope for him to uncover the location of the Python Demon Race’s new nest.

It was a great honor to be invited by the White Roc Girl for a meal or something like that, causing many to be endlessly jealous, especially those young masters. They were extremely jealous, but the moment Chen Xiang appeared, he had stolen all their limelight ... Even though they didn’t have any limelight.