Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang patted the Mouse Man who had returned to normal and smiled: "Xuan Fei, you should believe in me now, right? I can cure this snake poison. "

Peng profoundfei was surprised for a while, then nodded: "That’s fine, and it’s so easy! "How did you refine your antidote pill?"

"It’s even made using the poison in the Poisonous Python Demon’s body. It’s not that difficult for me." Chen Xiang laughed, "Then, can you tell me where Python Demon Race’s new nest is now?"

"We’ll talk about it when we get to the inn." Chen Xiang could indeed cure the poison, but she was even more worried for Chen Xiang’s safety. Currently, in the Soul Demon Sacred Forest, only Chen Xiang was able to concoct the Poison Cleansing Pill, which made it even more impossible for Chen Xiang to take the risk.

"When we get to the inn, I will get someone to contact the elders of the clan and tell them that you have the antidote pill. Then, I will let them decide whether or not they can take you to the Ice Cold Chamber to save the other roc." Peng profoundfei lowered her head, and did not dare to look straight into Chen Xiang’s eyes. She had already made her decision, she would absolutely not tell Chen Xiang about Python Demon Race’s new nest.

She didn’t know why, but she didn’t want Chen Xiang to take the risk either! If Chen Xiang went, he would be facing the entire Python Demon Race, and Chen Xiang was only at the early stages of Aoshi Holy Stage.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang seemed to be able to see through Peng profoundfei’s thoughts. Peng profoundfei did not know how to hide her true feelings, and thus, she could only lower her head and not look at Chen Xiang.

But Chen Xiang was not worried, because he was determined to do something and he would not give up. He also didn’t blame Peng profoundfei. Peng profoundfei mainly did this for his own good, not allowing him to take the risk.

Peng profoundfei got off the horse carriage and walked in front, bringing Chen Xiang into the inn.

On the first floor of the inn, there were also quite a few people and Soul Demon s. They all stared wide-eyed as they watched Peng profoundfei bringing a man up the stairs!

Roc Demon Princess actually brought a man upstairs. Furthermore, that man was not a disciple from a famous clan that they were familiar with, so who exactly was he? To actually be so intimate with the Roc Demon Princess!

Chen Xiang followed Peng profoundfei to the tenth floor of the Roc Inn and entered a guest hall.

However, just as Peng profoundfei entered, she felt that something was wrong, and frowned, as though she had met a great enemy.

"Be careful!" Peng profoundfei saw a black figure jump out from a door and shouted in shock. The black figure was pouncing towards Chen Xiang at a very fast speed.

When Peng profoundfei saw the black figure, he reacted quickly and quickly stood in front of Chen Xiang, channeling all of his strength to defend himself.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM! Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

When the black shadow collided with Peng profoundfei’s body, it actually exploded and released a large amount of black mist. Chen Xiang was also blasted away by the shockwave and smashed into the wall.

Chen Xiang had never expected this to happen. He had thought that this was the Roc’s Inn, the Roc’s territory was extremely safe, but he never expected that there would be such a danger hidden in the living room of the Roc Demon Princess.

"Xuan Fei!" Chen Xiang bellowed, he was fine, because Peng profoundfei had blocked it for him at the most crucial moment, while Peng profoundfei had fallen to the ground.

Peng profoundfei’s jade face was completely pitch-black, and her entire body was covered in black poison and blood. The thing that exploded just now, was actually a Poisonous Python Demon, using suicide to kill someone!

Chen Xiang anxiously took out a few poison antidotes and stuffed them into Peng profoundfei’s mouth.

Bai Youyou also came out from You Yao Mountain Villa hastily to help treat Peng profoundfei’s injuries. The poison aura around them was spreading, but Chen Xiang and Bai Youyou were not afraid.

"When it exploded, she released her strongest power from her entire body and condensed it into a protective shield that could protect herself well! It’s just that the Poisonous Python Demon who blew up was very strong, after self-destructing, she blew up that protective shield. Although it was only a flesh wound, the venom seeped into her body and spread very quickly. " Bai Youyou said: "Fortunately I managed to get the antidote in time, if I had been slower, it would have been too late."

Bai Youyou did not know how he managed to suck away the black colored poison blood that remained on Peng profoundfei’s body, and let Peng profoundfei become clean.

At this moment, Peng profoundfei had also woken up. She seemed to know what had just happened and her surroundings were a complete mess, with pieces of the Poisonous Python Demon scattered all over the ground.

Bai Youyou was busy cleaning up the fragments that contained highly toxic poison.

"Are you alright?" Seeing that Peng profoundfei had woken up, Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief. If not for Peng profoundfei blocking the flying Poisonous Python Demon, he might have been the one to suffer.

"I... I’m fine now, who is she? " Peng profoundfei was curious when he saw Bai Youyou professionally going to deal with the pieces that had poison on them.

"I’m his wife!" Bai Youyou said: "The poison in your body has not been completely expelled, so that Poisonous Python Demon is relatively stronger. Therefore, his poison is also very strong, even though you took a few antidote pills, you can’t quickly expel the poison, as the Poisonous Python Demon’s poison blood also seeped into your body from your wounds."

Peng profoundfei was very surprised to hear that this woman was actually Chen Xiang’s wife, who was also so proficient in poisons. She had thought that she would be considered to be someone who was very familiar with poisons in the Soul Demon Sacred Forest.

Peng profoundfei suddenly understood why Chen Xiang had said that as long as Aohun holy bead did not want her, she already had a wife. This made Peng profoundfei secretly feel dejected, and an unspeakable emotion welled up in his heart.

"Princess, what happened? Do you need us to come in? " A sound suddenly came from outside.

Just when Peng profoundfei was about to let them in, Bai Youyou hurriedly made a "hush" gesture towards Peng profoundfei. Then, he said softly, "Send them away, don’t let this matter spread by word of it!"

Peng profoundfei did not understand Bai Youyou’s intention, but she nodded her head, as she still did not understand why Chen Xiang’s wife would suddenly appear here.

"Just now, something went wrong with my training. I’m fine now." Peng profoundfei shouted.

"It’s good as long as the princess is fine. We’ll be leaving now." said the voice outside.

After the Roc Demons outside left, Bai Youyou continued to handle her matters and deal with the broken pieces on the ground.

"What is elder sister’s name?" Peng profoundfei asked.

"Bai Youyou!"

"Why did you suddenly appear here?" Peng profoundfei asked curiously.

"Inside my Divine Sense Sea World is a villa, and she lives there with me." Chen Xiang laughed: "She is an expert poison user, the antidote was concocted with her help."

"Then why don’t you tell us what happened here?" Peng profoundfei asked again, she was not clear about Bai Youyou’s intentions.

"You’re too simple." Bai Youyou said as she looked at the hall. There were many pieces of broken bones here, and there was also a large amount of poisonous gas and energy.

"Get Meiyao out here, hurry up and tidy up this place up!" Bai Youyou said to Chen Xiang.

Just as she finished speaking, Su Meiyao came over from the You Yao Mountain Villa with a smile, and then his hands released a white flame, and eliminated the poison aura floating there.