Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Another girl suddenly appeared, causing Peng profoundfei to be startled.

"I am also the wife of this little scoundrel, what’s my name, hello Roc Demon Princess!" Su Meiyao chuckled: "With us here, this little scoundrel will not dare to bully you."

"I didn’t bully her okay?" Chen Xiang curled his lips.

Peng profoundfei slightly frowned, her eyes had a hidden bitterness. Chen Xiang actually had two women, he really was a playboy.

"Sister Bai, you just said that I’m simple ... Does this have anything to do with it? " Peng profoundfei asked.

"How could such a powerful Poisonous Python Demon be hiding here? It’s most likely a collusion between the inside and the outside. Your Roc Race has a spy. " Su Meiyao said: "If word of this gets out, you will definitely be attacked here, and your Roc Race will definitely lose all face, and cause a lot of panic."

Bai Youyou nodded: "So now you have to pretend that nothing happened and not let their plan succeed."

Peng profoundfei was stunned, her Roc Race actually had spies who colluded with them, this caused her to be in disbelief and she found it hard to accept.

"Is this true?" Although Peng profoundfei was simple, she was not stupid. She was just lacking in experience in this area.

Because their Da Peng was extremely sensitive to these Poisonous Python Demon s, she could immediately feel them the moment she entered the living room. Only then would she be able to react in time.

"Then what is their purpose?" Kill me? " She looked at Chen Xiang, because at that time, the Poisonous Python Demon had pounced towards him.

"Revenge!" Because Little Scoundrel had just killed a Poisonous Python Demon, and this matter was dressed very quickly, especially for you flying Roc s! " Su Meiyao said, "There must have been a Peng who found out about this from the City Lord’s Mansion at that time, and then found out that you invited the little scoundrel to the inn. That Peng bird would have returned to the inn immediately then, and arranged everything."

"The soul of the Poisonous Python Demon is controlled, that’s why he would use such a suicidal method to seek revenge. He self-destructed and killed Chen Xiang, but he could also poison you to death, killing two birds with one stone, at the same time causing panic." Bai Youyou said.

"But what will your spy get?" Regarding all these schemes and tricks, Peng profoundfei was indeed naive.

"If you die here, the Roc Race will definitely go all out to suppress the Python Demon Race, but you just withdrew the bounty." Chen Xiang conjectured: "So, someone purposely let that bounty continue to be used, the ultimate goal is the Aohun holy bead."

"If the bounty continues to be effective and the time is ripe, your father will be saved by a spy. You said before that the Aohun holy bead were in your mother’s hands, right? " Bai Youyou said.

If the Roc Race’s spies cooperated with the Poisonous Python Demon well and did indeed manage to get their hands on the Aohun holy bead, they would definitely have some sort of agreement.

"But I gave him a time limit, so it can still take effect during the day. If my father can return, then so what if I send the Aohun holy bead out?" Peng profoundfei still found it hard to understand.

"That’s because your father is poisoned, and it’s very serious, so we can’t bring him back. Otherwise, he will die, and we won’t be able to get any Aohun holy bead from him, so they need some time to treat your father’s poison." Su Meiyao stuck out his tongue: "Of course, this is just our guess. Behind this matter, it will definitely be extremely complicated."

"Then what do I do now? Who exactly is the Roc Race’s spy? " Peng profoundfei panicked, she never thought that the clan she trusted in would actually come out.

"Lend the Aohun holy bead to Chen Xiang first, then let him use it for a few days. After raising his cultivation, head to the Python Demon Race’s new nest to save your father. At that time, Chen Xiang will be able to obtain the Aohun holy bead." Bai Youyou said: "Now that the Aohun holy bead are being watched very carefully, that guy has no way of getting it."

Peng profoundfei already knew that Chen Xiang wasn’t alone, she still had two very beautiful and powerful wives, but she still didn’t think that they would be able to save her father.

"It’s dangerous. Don’t go to Python Demon Race." Peng profoundfei anxiously said.

"We’re not just people!" Su Meiyao laughed tenderly: "This flower of a radish Divine Sense Sea World is full of women!"

Chen Xiang rolled his eyes at her and said: "I’m not forcing my way in. I’ll sneak in."

"Yes, he’s the best at this sort of thing. He often peeks at us while we bathe, but none of us will be able to find out about it." Su Meiyao chuckled.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" After that, Peng profoundfei looked at Chen Xiang with extreme vigilance.

"Don’t listen to her nonsense!" Chen Xiang pinched Su Meiyao’s buttocks hard, causing Su Meiyao to scream.

Peng profoundfei scoffed in her heart, these two fellows were actually flirting in front of her.

Bai Youyou was sitting cross-legged in the hall. When Peng profoundfei saw her, he asked: "What is Sister Bai doing?"

"She’s collecting the remnant souls here, and then she can obtain the Poisonous Python Demon’s memories. That way, we don’t need to ask you, but we can also find out where the Python Demon Race’s new nest is." Su Meiyao pinched Peng profoundfei’s gentle and beautiful face, "Girl, you don’t have to worry about us. We are experienced in this kind of thing, especially this little scoundrel, who has a tough life."

"But... Forget it, it’s really dangerous. " Peng profoundfei never thought that Bai Youyou would actually have such a mystical method, she was even more worried.

"Alright, if this little brat saves your father, then I will have him bring you and Aohun holy bead away. I will have you do it for me." Su Meiyao laughed, and began to stroke Peng profoundfei’s beautiful white wings.

Chen Xiang sat on a chair and said: "This is what you want. When the time comes, don’t say anything about me kidnapping her or something like that."

Bai Youyou frowned and said: "I have already found Python Demon Race’s new nest, but I am unable to find out who the Roc Race’s spy is.

Peng profoundfei had no other choice now, because the new nest of Python Demon Race had already been found out by Bai Youyou. She could only sigh helplessly and look at Su Meiyao and the others with a pleading gaze, telling them not to go. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"I’m much better now, let’s go back to the Roc Race. I need to go back and ask my mother if she knows anything!" Peng profoundfei said.

Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou returned back to the You Yao Mountain Villa, where Chen Xiang was now much more vigilant than before. He held the Six Realms mirrors in his hands, and was able to block attacks at any time.

After Peng profoundfei brought Chen Xiang out of the city, he originally wanted to fly with her, but Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors and entered the Six Realms mirrors with her, so that she could point fingers.

Six Realms mirrors had a very strong defensive power, they could be safer, and they could also be very agile when entering the Soul Demon Sacred Forest.

"If you fly on it, you’ll easily be followed." Su Meiyao came out from the You Yao Mountain Villa, scratching Peng profoundfei’s cute nose: "It’s really him."