Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

In the hall that Peng profoundfei and the others were in earlier, there were a few people standing at the Da Peng Inn.

"She actually left the Ao Holy City unscathed. Just what kind of background does Chen Xiang, who was with her, have?" One of the middle-aged men smashed the chair and said angrily: "Poisonous Python Demon is dead, but the two of them are still alive!"

Not only was it fine, there was not even a trace of poison here. It was just that the place had been thrown into disarray from the explosion.

"We’ve already investigated him, and we don’t know who he is at all. The crown prince of Man Country met Chen Xiang inside the Soul Demon Sacred Forest and then brought him back to the Imperial Palace. No one had heard of him before, nor was they able to tell that his battle skill came from any force." One of them said, "After leaving the city, Peng profoundfei originally wanted to fly, but he was stopped by him. With his fastest speed, he ran into the forest and lost him."

"This person is very vigilant, he is not an ordinary young master. He is very shrewd!" The middle-aged man said: "Peng profoundfei should be bringing him back to the Roc Race, I’m going to take a look!"

... ....

Inside the Six Realms mirrors, Peng profoundfei looked at the light screen on the wall. Upon hearing the middle-aged man’s words, his face was filled with shock.

"It’s actually him!" Peng profoundfei took a deep breath.

"Who is this guy?" Chen Xiang left a mouse containing Counter Power in the living room, then he released the Counter Power to allow the Six Realms mirrors to hide, returning to the vicinity of the Da Peng Inn, so he could see everything inside.

"My uncle!" They are both the elders of the Roc Race, and both he and my father are the youngest elders. "

The Aohun holy bead was acquired by my father by chance, but my father was very generous, and let the clan’s descendants and elders take turns to use it. " Peng profoundfei said: "Once, when it was my uncle’s turn to use it, I let him use it for three years, but it took him five years to return it. My father was furious, and said that he would never be allowed to use it again."

"However, my uncle didn’t get angry. Instead, he took the initiative to apologize. My father’s heart softened, and he continued to give the medicine to my uncle."

Peng profoundfei sighed: "Maybe I am holding a grudge because of this matter, I never thought that my uncle would actually be such a person, he has always taken care of me, and the new nest in Python Demon Race was also discovered by him."

Bai Youyou and Su Meiyao were currently in a room inside the Six Realms mirrors. They exchanged glances with Chen Xiang, and the three of them seemed to have reached a mutual understanding, as if they had thought of something.

"What kind of benefits can the patriarch of your Roc Race enjoy?" Bai Youyou asked.

"There is a divine spring in the birthplace of the Roc Race. The patriarch can stay and cultivate in a cave." Peng profoundfei said, she was curious why Bai Youyou was asking her this.

"Is your clan leader very old?" Su Meiyao asked again.

Peng profoundfei nodded his head, "The Roc Race was established by the Patriarch. He is very old now, and said that he wanted to try and see if he could fly out of the Soul Demon Sacred Forest.

"If your father is here, it’s most likely your father who has come to be the Clan Leader! "This way, your uncle won’t have a chance to become the next clan leader." Chen Xiang curled his lips: "It’s a very simple conspiracy, your uncle is just a Patriarch, he enjoys the Divine Spring and only shares the Aohun holy bead. That’s why he colluded with the Python Demon Race."

"Damn it!" Peng profoundfei was extremely furious as he frowned: "So you’re saying, the reason my father was captured by the Python Demon Race was also because of uncle?"

This was very obvious!

"He told you about the Python Demon Race’s new nest because he wanted you to spread the news and send more people to their deaths. This is equivalent to feeding the Poisonous Python Demon! But you suddenly announced the cancellation of the bounty, which would cause the Python Demon Race to lose food, so he’s very angry. " Chen Xiang said: "That’s why he wanted to kill you and let your mother continue to issue this bounty."

Chen Xiang had already controlled the Six Realms mirrors and was swiftly flying in the Soul Demon Sacred Forest. Although the speed of the flying was low, it was very fast and also very nimble.

"Your uncle said just now that he wanted to return to the Roc Race. He probably wanted to intervene and prevent Chen Xiang from borrowing the Aohun holy bead." Bai Youyou said: "So, at that time, Chen Xiang will not reveal himself! "Xuan Fei, you tell the clan yourself. If you want to use Aohun holy bead, that’s enough." UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"Then... Then how can I give it to Chen Xiang to use? If you obtain a Aohun holy bead, you must stay in a secret room in our clan and not wander around. " Peng profoundfei naturally also thought about the reason his uncle had returned to the Roc Race.

Chen Xiang immediately turned into a small squirrel, and Su Meiyao immediately smiled as he pinched Chen Xiang.

"This guy is Chen Xiang!" Su Meiyao laughed: "You bringing this little thing back shouldn’t be suspicious, right?"

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" Chen Xiang was originally a squirrel! " Peng profoundfei was very surprised, and then he played with the cute little squirrel.

"Yes, a very lustful squirrel." Su Meiyao chuckled.

"Really? I thought Chen Xiang was a human! " Peng profoundfei still couldn’t believe it.

"I am human!" Chen Xiang shouted. Peng profoundfei only felt the squirrel release a bit of its power, causing her to have no choice but to let go.

The squirrel flashed, and transformed back into Chen Xiang.

"This is just me using the avatar technique. I can change a lot of things."

To prove it, Chen Xiang changed many small animals, opening Peng profoundfei’s eyes wide.

"You guys are very unlike the people of Soul Demon Sacred Forest. You guys have mastered many techniques that I have never heard of before." Peng profoundfei said, surprised by the Six Realms mirrors.

"I will tell you about your little sister from now on." Su Meiyao laughed. "Don’t worry, at that time I won’t let this little scoundrel bully you."

Peng profoundfei did not know why, but she suddenly looked forward to being with Su Meiyao and the others. She felt that when the time came, she would know some interesting things, and maybe even learn some things.

The Six Realms mirrors flew for more than ten days before finally arriving outside the holy city of Da Peng.

Chen Xiang and Peng profoundfei walked out of the Six Realms mirrors, and then, Chen Xiang turned into a very small white squirrel, hiding within the white wings on Peng profoundfei’s back.

Peng profoundfei met the spy at the entrance of Da Peng Holy City, this uncle’s name was Peng Kunyao, he was a tall middle-aged man, and when he saw Peng profoundfei was alone, he was surprised that Chen Xiang did not follow him! But this also made him feel a lot more at ease.

Peng Kunyao was a little worried that Chen Xiang would get his hands on the Aohun holy bead, because the relationship between Chen Xiang and Peng profoundfei had developed very quickly.

"Xuan Fei, you must be very tired on the way. Welcome home." Peng Kunyao’s face was filled with a gentle smile.

After Peng profoundfei found out about Peng Kunyao’s conspiracy, he was extremely wary of his uncle.

"Uncle, you always knew I was coming back. Peng profoundfei smiled sweetly, "I gained quite a bit from going to the Ao Gu Holy City, and obtained a piece of Poisonous Python Demon’s corpse. I need to rush to hand it over to the elders."

"I heard about it too. I’ll go with you." Then, he stuck his head out of the window and signalled to the few people inside, probably to let them see the city gate. If Chen Xiang arrived, they must stop Chen Xiang from entering the city, this was what he had promised these people.

However, what he did not know was that Chen Xiang was riding on the carriage and hiding behind the white wings on his back.