Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Peng Kunyao was very curious as to why Chen Xiang wasn’t with Peng profoundfei. They should have been together, so where did Chen Xiang go? Peng Kunyao had seen Chen Xiang’s methods at the entrance of the City Lord’s Mansion that day and knew that Chen Xiang was an extremely cunning guy.

"Xuan Fei ... I heard that you want to lend the Aohun holy bead to that young man called Chen Xiang, but you should be clear that if you want to use the Aohun holy bead, you must be at Roc Palace. Peng Kunyao could not suppress the curiosity in his heart, and asked.

"He suddenly has something on, so he’ll have to wait a while before coming to find me!" When the time comes, I have already promised him that I will let him use the Aohun holy bead. He may not come until a few months have passed and I will be waiting for him at Roc Palace. " Peng profoundfei chuckled: "Chen Xiang is pretty amazing, he can kill a Poisonous Python Demon at such a young age."

"Indeed!" Peng Kunyao nodded his head. He would be here in a few months, which made him heave a sigh of relief, because these few months were enough for him to arrange many things.

The Roc Palace was as big as the Centaur Imperial Palace, it was even more luxurious than the centaur Imperial Palace.

"Uncle, I need to go back to my room first to change my clothes... It’s not good for me to see the elders and the chief like this. " Peng profoundfei said.

... ....

"Actually, you don’t have to be in such a rush. You should return to your room to rest after coming all these days to work." Peng Kunyao laughed, "Let’s meet with the patriarchs again tomorrow." F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Although this place was called Roc Palace, the Da Peng Demon Clan did not call the clan leader Emperor. This would allow the clan members to be more intimate with each other, unlike the Centaur Imperial Palace.

When Peng profoundfei returned to his room, he let Chen Xiang out.

"You stay here first. I’ll go see the chief and the others. You must not run around." Peng profoundfei did not directly go to see the Patriarch because she was worried that the Patriarch and the elders would discover Chen Xiang’s presence, so she went back to her room to let Chen Xiang out.

"Alright, go and quickly come back!" Chen Xiang laughed. "I’ll be very scared when I’m here alone."

Peng profoundfei pouted. "Don’t touch my things, I’ll be back soon."

This was Peng profoundfei’s room. She was more worried that a man would randomly rummage through her things.

After Peng profoundfei left, Chen Xiang laid on the soft bed and waited for Peng profoundfei to return.

... ....

After two hours, Peng profoundfei returned.

"You, why are you sleeping in my bed so casually!" Peng profoundfei said softly: "Hurry up and become a squirrel and come with me to the secret room to use your Aohun holy bead."

Chen Xiang jumped up from the bed and asked: "Did you borrow the Aohun holy bead?"

"Mm, they agreed to let me use the Sky!" Peng profoundfei nodded.

"Isn’t this your father’s thing? Why do you need their permission to use it? " Chen Xiang found this hard to understand.

"Because when my father handed the Aohun holy bead over to the patriarch, he made a rule that even if my father used it, he would have to get the approval of the elders. This was mainly for fairness." Peng profoundfei said: "Only using the heavens should bring about a significant increase in your strength!"

"Where is the Aohun holy bead? I want to see! " Chen Xiang was already very curious.

"In that secret room." Peng profoundfei said: "You can only use the Aohun holy bead in that secret room. You cannot bring it out."

"Alright!"

Chen Xiang’s squirrel became smaller, hiding on top of Peng profoundfei’s wings.

Peng profoundfei led Chen Xiang and walked around the Roc Palace. The Roc Palace was very big and the secret room was very secretive.

There were two golden-winged, bird-faced old men guarding the door to the secret room.

"Xuan Fei, use the Aohun holy bead sky. You must come out in the next day." An old man said sternly, and then, he opened the door and let Peng profoundfei in.

The Aohun holy bead was obtained by Peng profoundfei’s father, so Peng profoundfei used it more often. The people in the Roc Race didn’t have any objections, after all, Peng profoundfei’s father was very selfless, otherwise, no one would be able to use it.

The two old men guarding the door did not check on Peng profoundfei and let him in. It was obvious that they trusted Peng profoundfei a lot.

After entering, Chen Xiang saw a golden bead at the center of the secret room. It was the size of a fist and released a faint golden light.

The private room was tightly shut. If anyone inside used Aohun holy bead s, then no one outside was allowed to come in, or else they would be killed. That was why Peng profoundfei was able to bring Chen Xiang here with ease.

"As long as you place your hands on the Aohun holy bead, you can use the Aohun holy bead s to absorb the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul of higher level World Defying Stage Soul River. Furthermore, you can directly absorb the soul power released by the Madness soul and use it to strengthen the World Defying holy soul in your own body." Peng profoundfei said.

After Chen Xiang changed back into his human form, he said: "Will the two old men outside really come in?"

"That won’t happen. This secret chamber is extremely sealed. Even if a huge explosion occurs here, it won’t alarm the outside world." Peng profoundfei said: "You can start now, it’s only the heavens."

Su Meiyao said that she wanted to accompany Peng profoundfei. After all, it was very boring for her to spend the night here.

Seeing Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou coming out, Peng profoundfei was very happy.

"I’m going to go train. You guys take your time." Chen Xiang arrived beside the Aohun holy bead and released Time Domain to cover himself and the Aohun holy bead.

After the Time Domain covered Chen Xiang, it looked like it was covered by a water barrier with undulating patterns.

"What is he doing?" When Peng profoundfei saw it, he became a little anxious. She was worried that Chen Xiang would mess with the Aohun holy bead.

"It’s alright, he used the power of time. This will allow him to gain more time to cultivate!" Bai Youyou said.

"Your Roc Race is really stingy. Aohun holy bead is your father’s, but he only allows you to use it in the sky." Su Meiyao snorted: "Does anyone usually use Aohun holy bead? It doesn’t matter if it’s used for a few more days! "

"The Elders said that I don’t need any charge right now, so I can’t use it for a long time. They said that using transition isn’t very good for me, but every time I use it, they will never refuse!" Peng profoundfei said: "Compared to the other great peng in the clan, I can be considered to be not bad. People my age can only be occasionally rewarded and used today."

Su Meiyao coldly snorted: "They are just spouting bullshit, I think normally it’s those old fellows who use it, those selfish people. Now that your father is not around, maybe all of them want to keep the Aohun holy bead for themselves."

Peng profoundfei shook her head, she looked at Chen Xiang and asked: "What is Chen Xiang’s power of time used for? How much time can we buy him? "

"I wonder how many layers of Time Domain he used, I forgot to ask him." Su Meiyao said: "But if it’s just for a few days, he’ll try his best to buy as much time as he can.