Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Peng profoundfei frowned as she thought about what Su Meiyao had said. She did not know what he meant, and her face was filled with doubt.

"How much is that?" Peng profoundfei asked softly. She felt that Chen Xiang and Su Meiyao were extremely mysterious, had many strange methods that she had never seen before.

"More than two hundred years!" Bai Youyou said.

Peng profoundfei thought she had misheard. She was shocked for a moment and asked: "What?"

"More than two hundred years! If he uses Triple time field, he would be inside for seventy odd years the day we are outside. " Su Meiyao said while laughing, "If he succeeded, it would be more than two hundred years!"

He had used Aohun holy bead for more than two hundred years, which made Peng profoundfei unable to imagine it. She had thought that Chen Xiang would be able to win over two or three days, but it had actually been more than two hundred years!

If he were to continuously use Aohun holy bead for two hundred years, how far would he be able to improve? Peng profoundfei did not think about it further, because their clan had never used it this way. At most, it would only last ten years!

Peng profoundfei now understood why Chen Xiang was so confident in dealing with the Python Demon Race!

... ....

When Chen Xiang was using the Aohun holy bead, he could directly feel the fourth floor’s World Defying Stage Soul River. However, there were less World Defying Stage Fierce Soul s on it.

"After absorbing the soul force, not only will I need to level up the World Defying holy soul, I will also need to strengthen my own body. My body is not strong enough, so I can’t control the strong World Defying holy soul! Furthermore, Red fire dragon s, this guy seems to be very dangerous. "

Chen Xiang activated his cultivation technique and desperately absorbed the soul energy, while at the same time he focused on studying the Tao-creation Incantation! Right now, he had yet to comprehend the second stage of the Tao-creation’s Incantation. It would require a lot of power and would affect his ability to cast the Triple time field.

Right now, he was only researching the first level of the Tao-creation’s incantation. He wanted to see how the Tao-creation’s incantations could be combined and how strong they would become if they were combined.

"The Aoshi Holy Stage is really not easy to break through, cultivating World Defying holy soul requires time, absorbing soul force will take a long time, even eating large amounts of Aohun holy Dan would not help." Chen Xiang had only cultivated for a few months, but he already felt that it was extremely difficult to level up.

If she wanted to break through, she would need a lot of time. And this was even with the help of Aohun holy bead, no wonder Qin Shuang’s grandmother was stuck at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage and couldn’t break through even after such a long time.

Time flew by, while Chen Xiang was researching the Tao-creation’s incantation, he did not feel the passage of time, but rather, he had cultivated in the Time Domain for more than two hundred years.

Also, he had a lot of achievements in studying Tao-creation’s incantations. He managed to make the first stage of the Tao-creation’s incantation stack up to four levels, and his ultimate goal was to reach nine levels. He would release all nine of the first level at once and that would be the strongest level.

"It’s about time. It’s time to end this!" Chen Xiang looked at the Aohun holy bead, somewhat reluctant to part with it. This was indeed a pretty good item, but unfortunately, he was still unable to obtain it.

After Chen Xiang removed the Time Domain, they heard Su Meiyao and the others chatting. When they saw that Chen Xiang had finished, they stood up and walked over.

"How is it? What cultivation do you have now? " Su Meiyao asked.

"At the peak of the middle stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, if you give me a few more days time, I should be able to step into the late stage." Chen Xiang laughed.

In just three days, he could improve so quickly! If Peng profoundfei hadn’t seen it with her own eyes, she definitely wouldn’t dare believe it.

I have only just entered the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, it won’t be long before you catch up to me. Peng profoundfei looked at the Aohun holy bead, there were no changes at all, and she was a lot more relieved. Previously, she was a little worried that if Chen Xiang used it for too long, it would affect the Aohun holy bead.

"Now we can go find Python Demon Race!" Su Meiyao looked at the Aohun holy bead and laughed: "As long as we can save your father, then we can still obtain the Aohun holy bead and the beautiful Roc Demon Princess."

Peng profoundfei blushed. If Chen Xiang really saved her father, then she must not go back on her words. Although she was a little reluctant to leave Roc Race, she felt that being with Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou was not bad. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"Let’s go out now. It’s almost time." Peng profoundfei said.

When Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou returned to the You Yao Mountain Villa, Chen Xiang had turned into a squirrel and hid inside Peng profoundfei’s wings. After that, Peng profoundfei went to open the stone door of the secret room.

They only let Peng profoundfei leave after they had no problems with going to the top of the Aohun holy bead.

"I pretended to walk around, and then I walked out of Roc Palace." Peng profoundfei sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang. She did not understand this before, it was what Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou had taught her.

"Alright, don’t worry. We will definitely bring your father back." Chen Xiang said.

"Mm, I believe you! But you must be careful, and come back! " Before, Peng profoundfei was only worried about Chen Xiang, but now, he had to worry about Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou. These two beautiful big sisters had treated her very well, she didn’t want anything to happen to them.

... ....

Chen Xiang walked out of the Roc Palace, and then hurriedly left the holy city of Da Peng City. He wanted to use the fastest time possible to go to the Python Demon Race, because just by staying there for one more day, Peng profoundfei’s father would be in danger. He also didn’t wish for anything to happen to Peng profoundfei’s father.

"Python Demon Race’s new nest is pretty close to the Roc Race. We should be able to reach it in about seven days." Bai Youyou said, "If it’s the Roc, it could probably arrive in four or five days."

"I wonder if they had ulterior motives behind bringing their new nest so close to the Roc Race." Chen Xiang had already left the city and entered the Six Realms mirrors s. He let them fly in the air and traveled through the forest filled with giant trees.

"Maybe Python Demon Race thinks that Peng Kunyao has the victory in his grasp, that he can control the entire Roc Race in the future, and then, Python Demon Race would need the help of Da Peng to make these Poisonous Python Demon s descend upon the various large cities and occupy them." Su Meiyao said: "Even though that fellow from the Soul Demon Sacred Forest is powerful, this is a relatively young world. He doesn’t have sufficient knowledge regarding poisons, formations and pills, so it’s hard to defend against the attacks of the Poisonous Python Demon."

"If it’s really like this, then it won’t be long before all of Soul Demon Sacred Forest s belong to Poisonous Python Demon." Bai Youyou said, "You must stop these fellows."

The Roc Race must have already known that the Python Demon Race was close to them, but he didn’t know what they were thinking right now.

"I forgot to ask Xuan Fei if she talked to her mother about these things." Chen Xiang said: "Her mother might know something."

"We didn’t ask. She just came back and didn’t go look for her mother either. Maybe she went right now! She should be safer in Roc Palace, "Su Meiyao said.

"Hard to say!" Chen Xiang shook his head: "I don’t know whether to leave her in the Roc Palace or not!"