Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Peng profoundfei had been killed by his uncle Peng Kunyao previously, but he did not succeed. Although there were many powerful elders in the Roc Palace, Peng Kunyao was also an elder, so he had many opportunities to fight.

When they suddenly thought about this matter, Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou became silent. They felt that they had not thought through it carefully enough and had neglected this kind of thing.

"Hurry back!" Bai Youyou said: "It would be better to bring Xuan Fei with you!"

Chen Xiang immediately controlled the Six Realms mirrors and returned to the holy city of Da Peng City.

Although Roc Palace had a barrier, this kind of backwater barrier was not too difficult for Chen Xiang. He used the Time and space power and very easily entered it.

Arriving at the door of Peng profoundfei’s room, Chen Xiang looked around. After making sure that there was no one around, he lightly opened the door and entered. If Peng profoundfei was not inside, he could also wait for Peng profoundfei to come in and then bring Peng profoundfei away.

Just as Chen Xiang was opening the door, he smelled a poisonous gas, his face immediately changed and rushed in. He saw Peng profoundfei lying on the bed, his face dark, she was poisoned!

"The Poisonous Python Demon’s poison, was definitely done by Peng Kunyao!" Chen Xiang’s heart was raging, he anxiously took out the detoxification pill and fed it to Peng profoundfei, then let Bai Youyou come out and remove the poison mist.

Chen Xiang sent Peng profoundfei inside the You Yao Mountain Villa. After checking the room, he found some black granules.

"A poisonous pill! After the poison pill was brought in and exploded, releasing the poison gas, Peng Kunyao is really malicious. " Bai Youyou said, gritting her teeth in anger. Fortunately Chen Xiang had returned in time, otherwise, he would be in danger.

Although the poison aura was extracted and refined from Poisonous Python Demon’s body, it was too clumsy. The poison aura was only a chronic gas that was unable to cause a person to die in a short period of time.

Peng profoundfei was still not deeply poisoned, so she woke up inside You Yao Mountain Villa. When she opened her eyes and saw Su Meiyao, she immediately became relieved.

Other than Su Meiyao, there was also Long Xueyi. The little girl Feng Ke’er who had transparent wings, and then there were Qin Shuang, the Mei Jing Sisters, and Jiang Lisi, the three Young girl Danling s. All of them were beauties of varying sizes.

Su Meiyao smiled sweetly as she introduced the girls to Peng profoundfei, telling him that she was in You Yao Mountain Villa.

After Bai Youyou finished handling the poison aura, he entered the You Yao Mountain Villa.

"Xuan Fei, this was done by your uncle, right? Do you want us to kill him here?" Bai Youyou said. If Chen Xiang were to use three Poison monkey s, he still had a certain amount of confidence.

"He’s not in the Roc Palace right now, so he must have sent someone to attack. I really didn’t expect that he would actually dare to attack in the Roc Palace." When Peng profoundfei thought back, he felt fear. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Don’t worry, there will definitely be a chance to kill him." Chen Xiang said, "Xuan Fei, say hello to the elders in your clan that you are about to leave for a period of time. It is very dangerous for you to not be able to stay in the Roc Palace."

Su Meiyao said: "Yeah, come with us!"

Peng profoundfei could only nod her head in agreement. She would go with Chen Xiang to find the Python Demon Race, and if necessary, she would give a helping hand.

"Alright!" Peng profoundfei was much better now, she had just came out from You Yao Mountain Villa.

Just like before, Chen Xiang turned into a squirrel and hid on her wings.

Peng profoundfei was extremely curious as to how Chen Xiang had managed to enter the Roc Palace. She asked Chen Xiang through sound transmission, and Chen Xiang simply told her that although he did not really understand, Peng profoundfei felt that Chen Xiang was very formidable, capable of entering their heavily guarded Roc Palace easily.

In Chen Xiang’s eyes, the Roc Palace was not strict at all. If he needed it, he could quietly stir the entire Roc Palace into a mess.

Peng profoundfei went to find the Patriarch, and told him that she would be going to the Ao Holy City for a period of time. If there was anything he needed, he could go to the Ao Holy City to find her.

This way, Peng Kunyao would not think that Peng profoundfei had already died. There was a failure once, and he did not know what Peng Kunyao was feeling.

Peng Kunyao thought that he had to obtain it this time, but when he found out about this from a hotel, he who was originally drinking immediately broke the wine cup in his hand.

"Peng profoundfei has already left the city!" The person who came to report the news said.

Just as he finished speaking, Peng Kunyao immediately roared out: "Hurry up and chase after him! You must arrest her and bring her to me. This time, I will kill her with my own hands! "

Peng profoundfei was already in Chen Xiang’s You Yao Mountain Villa.

Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors was flying inside the Soul Demon Sacred Forest, heading towards the region of the Python Demon Race.

"Xuan Fei, is your mother in danger?" Su Meiyao asked.

"My mother is not weak, and she has been in closed-door training all year round. She should be fine." Peng profoundfei said: "Although Peng Kunyao is strong, he won’t be able to easily deal with my mother."

But now, Peng profoundfei had directly called her uncle’s name. It could be seen that she already hated Peng Kunyao to the bones and wanted to kill her over and over again.

Peng profoundfei had a lot of fun with Feng Ke’er and the others inside the You Yao Mountain Villa, and could even learn a lot of things. Only now did she know that Chen Xiang was an extremely powerful Alchemist, and Su Meiyao was the same.

The existence of a pill spirit also surprised her. She didn’t need to concoct any medicinal pills to concoct one! The various wonders of the You Yao Mountain Villa caused Peng profoundfei to widen his horizons.

Long Xueyi and Feng Ke’er liked to play the most, especially when they saw that Peng profoundfei had a pair of beautiful snow-white wings that wrapped around Peng profoundfei, allowing him to carry her and fly around.

Feng Ke’er also had wings of his own, but he also wanted Peng profoundfei to bring her flying so they didn’t know whether to laugh or cry.

Several days had passed and Chen Xiang had already entered the area of the Python Demon Race. The inside of the You Yao Mountain Villa had also quieted down because Chen Xiang had entered the dangerous area, so he might need their help at any time.

"There will be many traps, I wonder if the Six Realms mirrors will trigger them!" Bai Youyou said. She had the memories of a Poisonous Python Demon and knew that there were many traps.

The Six Realms mirrors was already invisible and had no aura. Furthermore, it was still suspended in the air, but these traps were definitely designed for the Roc Race, because it could flap its wings and fly when it was in human form.

After the Six Realms mirrors entered this area, it slowly flew around without making a sound.

After flying for a few hours, Chen Xiang suddenly realized that there was something hiding on top of a big tree. He looked carefully and realised that it was a Poisonous Python Demon hiding inside a tree cave.

"These guys are waiting for someone to step into the trap and check it out." Bai Youyou had already come out of You Yao Mountain Villa.

"Only one! Do you want to kill him and then use the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell on him? " Chen Xiang said: "Most of the people sent here are weak."