Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was right under that tree, and he did not go up to kill the Poisonous Python Demon yet. slant,

"Don’t do anything for now, these Poisonous Python Demon might be related. If one of them dies, they might alert us. At that time, it would be disadvantageous to us!" You must remember, you are here to infiltrate, you must not be discovered. " Bai Youyou said: "The trap here shouldn’t be a threat to you, as long as you are careful, you should be able to find it easily."

After that, Bai Youyou told Chen Xiang about the types of traps, telling him to pay attention to the possible traps.

Chen Xiang had thought that it would be safer to kill the Poisonous Python Demon hiding on the tree and search their memories.

However, there might be some special power within these Poisonous Python Demon s that allowed them to connect. It might alarm the higher ups of the Python Demon Race, and at that time, it would be detrimental to his following actions. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"These traps are set up very cleverly. These Poisonous Python Demon are really smart." Chen Xiang had almost realized it a few times. If he stepped on them, he would have to trigger those traps, and the Poisonous Python Demon hiding here would immediately come over.

Bai Youyou knew where the Python Demon Race was hiding, but he wasn’t there yet. The Python Demon Race’s Snake Nest was hidden deep underground, but they had set up many traps in a large area on the ground, mainly to hunt for food.

"Right now, we don’t know where Xuan Fei’s father is hiding either. Sister You You, does the memory you devoured have anything to do with this?" Chen Xiang asked. He carefully walked to the top of the snake nest on the ground.

"I don’t know. You’ll still have to sneak into the nest of snakes. We’ll think of something when the time comes!" "Anyway, these little shrimps outside would definitely not know about such an important matter." Bai Youyou said.

Su Meiyao had already refined many antidote pills in the You Yao Mountain Villa, and Peng profoundfei’s father was currently poisoned. At that time, he would definitely need many antidote pills to completely cure him, and making sufficient preparations would not be a bad thing.

After half a day, Chen Xiang arrived at the depths of this area. On the way, he met dozens of Poisonous Python Demon, and there were even more of different traps. If he was not extremely careful, he would have been tortured to death by the traps.

"Do you see a hill?" Bai Youyou said.

"I saw it, but there’s no cave or anything like that, and no Poisonous Python Demon is guarding it." Chen Xiang had seen it just now, that the small mountain was right beside the few large trees.

"The entrance is not in the hill, the hill is just a sign! The true entrance is a big tree next to it. If you look carefully, you will see a very thick tree here. " Bai Youyou said: "The trunk needs at least 10 people to be able to be carried."

"I saw it!" Chen Xiang looked carefully. Actually, there were a lot of these huge trees here, it was just that the tree was right beside the small mountain, otherwise no one would pay attention to it.

"The entrance is on top of the big tree. If you go over, you will definitely see Poisonous Python Demon guarding it." Bai Youyou said, "Poisonous Python Demon is not proficient in array formations at all, and they did not invite humans to set it up either. That’s why they hid it deep underground."

Chen Xiang understood what he meant, it was that Chen Xiang did not need to enter through the hole in the tree.

When Chen Xiang got closer, sure enough, he saw a big tree hole on the crown of the big tree.

If you enter from there, you will be easily discovered, and you will not be safe.

"Drill down from here?" digging was not a difficult task for Chen Xiang. He had to make himself smaller so that he wouldn’t have to dig too big of a hole in the ground.

It was definitely a huge underground palace, and there was no need to dig from where the entrance was.

Although Chen Xiang had already made a breakthrough, his strength was limited, so he had to secretly infiltrate the Python Demon Earth Palace to rescue Peng profoundfei’s father. This was the best method. If he were to forcefully attack, he didn’t have the strength to do so.

After Chen Xiang dug for a few hours, he finally came into contact with something very sturdy. It should be a rock that was used to build the underground palace, which meant that there was a underground palace down below.

"It’s pretty deep!" With a teleportation, Chen Xiang entered the Python Demon Earth Palace. He appeared in a passage, it was extremely dark.

"I don’t think these Poisonous Python Demon need to be closed!"

Although it was a dark environment, Chen Xiang could still feel things. Using the Dao heart Eye, he could already see the energy fluctuations around him, and now he could clearly see the movement of the purplish black energy.

Bai Youyou was not familiar with the terrain down there, so he could only let Chen Xiang figure it out for himself.

After Chen Xiang became invisible, it was difficult to be discovered, so it didn’t matter if he walked around, as long as he didn’t touch those Poisonous Python Demon s.

The passage inside the Python Demon Earth Palace was complicated, it was a mess, and if Chen Xiang didn’t have a good memory, he would have been knocked unconscious and lost his way.

"I should be approaching the center!" Chen Xiang said in his heart: "Generally speaking, the center should be the most important place. I wonder if Xuan Fei’s father is being locked up there!"

Chen Xiang walked carefully in the pitch black tunnel. After thinking about many things, a light suddenly lit up in the tunnel. The light came from the front and two Poisonous Python Demon s were walking over.

As the two Poisonous Python Demon walked, they pressed pieces of Glowing Stone into the holes on the wall. No one knew why they suddenly inserted Glowing Stone into the walls to illuminate the passage.

"I wonder what kind of important guest it is that allowed us to light up the passageway."

"He’s definitely not from our Python Demon Race, he should be from another demon clan."

"What is his background? It’s so mysterious."

The two Poisonous Python Demon s discussed in a low voice.

It was very obvious that the Soul Demon s of the other clans were none other than this fellow Peng Kunyao.

"What is this fellow doing here?" "Seems like it should be around here!" Chen Xiang carefully avoided the two Poisonous Python Demon s and then walked along the bright tunnel. He wasn’t noticed when he brushed past the two Poisonous Python Demon s just now, but now he felt more at ease.

As Chen Xiang used the Dao heart Eye, he saw a very eye-piercing ball of lightning appear and slowly move.

"This guy is not from Python Demon Race, he should be the so-called esteemed guest." Chen Xiang quickly walked over. Sure enough, he saw Peng Kunyao and a few old Poisonous Python Demon chatting and walking over at a fork in the road.

Those few old Poisonous Python Demon s were all very strong, and this scared Chen Xiang so much that his heart started to beat faster.

They didn’t notice Chen Xiang, mainly because his Counter Power was too powerful. Quietly, as long as Chen Xiang didn’t release any of his ability’s aura, it would be difficult for them to discover him.

"Follow him!" Bai Youyou whispered to Chen Xiang.

"I know!" Chen Xiang quietly followed.

At this time, Peng Kunyao suddenly said something that Chen Xiang was very concerned about, "Three elders, when will you be able to cure Peng Guquan’s poison at the fastest time?"