Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Peng Guquan was precisely Peng profoundfei’s father. The reason Peng Kunyao came here was because he urgently wanted to bring Peng Guquan back so that he could obtain the Aohun holy bead as soon as possible.

"It will take at least five months! We’ve already cured him of the poison as fast as we can ... This fellow is too strong. If not for the fact that we used poison so fiercely back then, our Python Demon Race would have definitely suffered heavy losses. An old poisonous python said.

"Sigh, time is of the essence, if I don’t hurry, I might not even be able to obtain the Aohun holy bead! If I bring Peng Guquan back now, my position in Roc Race will be even higher, and I will be able to immediately obtain the Aohun holy bead. But after Peng Guquan is poisoned, his vitality will definitely be greatly damaged, and it will be difficult for him to compete for the position of Patriarch against me. "Peng Kunyao was extremely worried that there would be a problem, because he had already planned this beforehand.

"Didn’t you say before that you wanted to kill that little girl? and even sacrificed a lesser demon. " Another old poisonous python said.

"Don’t mention it!" Peng Kunyao sighed: "It’s really strange, she can’t succeed both times, although it can obviously poison her to death, but she can always cure the poison herself ... Come to think of it, do you think your poison can do it? Why is she still alive? "

"Of course we can. If you don’t believe me, you can try it yourself! There must be a problem. " The old poisonous python said, "How about this, you go with us to force the poison out of Peng Guquan’s body, and then, as soon as possible, if you join, we can force out more of the poison even faster, and then use our method to cure it quickly."

"Alright, alright, alright. I’ll go now." Peng Kunyao was very worried that something would go wrong with his plan.

Chen Xiang was secretly excited, because as long as he could follow behind these guys, he would be able to find Peng Guquan.

Peng Kunyao followed the Old Poison Python as they walked along the passage. Soon enough, they arrived at a secret room, guarded by four middle-aged Poisonous Python Demon s.

Chen Xiang did not follow him in. He already knew where Peng Guquan was.

"Okay, wait until they go in, then I’ll make some noise."

When Chen Xiang was in You Yao Mountain Villa, he had asked the Heaven devouring rat to bring along a few pellets that would cause a violent explosion and then release the Heaven devouring rat. The Heaven devouring rat had already been used by Chen Xiang’s Counter Power, so it could remain invisible for a while.

The Heaven devouring rat quickly crawled to a corner not far from here, put down the pills that would explode, and climbed back down.

While Chen Xiang was hiding in another corner of the passage, with a thought from him, those pills suddenly exploded!

After the explosion, the entire underground palace began to shake, creating a huge ruckus.

The four middle aged men outside the stone room anxiously rushed over, while Peng Kunyao and the others who were in the secret room also rushed out.

Rumble rumble rumble!

Another pill exploded, causing the commotion even more, and when they went to check, Chen Xiang had already teleported into the stone room.

The stone room was very cold and there was ice everywhere. This was mainly to prevent the poison in Peng Guquan’s body from spreading, so Peng Guquan was currently sealed in a thick layer of ice.

Chen Xiang quickly placed the thick ice inside the You Yao Mountain Villa, passed it over to Bai Youyou and the others, then hastily ran out of the secret room and crawled towards the top. At this moment, the Poisonous Python Demon’s underground palace was in chaos, because they had never experienced something like this before.

"It worked!" Chen Xiang was very excited at the moment, he quickly came out from the ground, released his Six Realms mirrors, and entered the Six Realms mirrors, controlling it to fly up quickly. On the way, he did not care about any traps anymore, he charged forward recklessly and even destroyed many traps, so he did not need to worry about alarming Poisonous Python Demon and the others anymore.

As Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors flew, it would occasionally release waves of air, which would engulf the entire region of the Poisonous Python Demon and trigger many traps. The traps and traps here were meticulously laid by the Poisonous Python Demon for many years, and were all destroyed by Chen Xiang with a single strike. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"How is it?" Chen Xiang asked about the situation inside.

"Fortunately, the poison has been suppressed. The antidote pill has worked, and it is slowly detoxifying the poison." Bai Youyou said: "What about you? Did those Poisonous Python Demon chase out? "

"No, they probably haven’t reacted yet!" Chen Xiang laughed: "These idiots, I thought they would be hard to come by, I never thought it would be so easy!"

The most excited person should be Peng profoundfei, to be able to see her father again, her tears couldn’t help but flow down! She could tell that Peng Guquan was heavily poisoned, but under the effects of the antidote pill Su Meiyao refined, the venom was slowly dissipating.

Peng profoundfei had thought that he would let her come out and fight. After all, Chen Xiang wanted him to go into the Python Demon Race’s Snake Nest by himself!

However, Chen Xiang did not start a fight, it seemed to be very easy for him to save her father. It looked very easy, but Peng profoundfei felt that it was very scary, after all it was the Python Demon Race’s snake nest.

"Your father will be fine soon. Don’t worry." Su Meiyao said: "Your father is very powerful, after expelling the poison, it will not affect his strength in the slightest."

Peng profoundfei nodded: Thank you! If it wasn’t for you, I don’t know what kind of fate I would have! "

She knew very well that she had been very simple before, and that she had almost been killed by her uncle. She knew very well that she had been very innocent before, and that she had almost been killed by her cousin.

Chen Xiang also didn’t know what kind of nest Python Demon Race’s snake nest was right now, but he could guess that those old fellows were extremely angry. Peng Kunyao would definitely be so angry that he would vomit blood.

Peng Kunyao’s good plan had been messed up by Chen Xiang, but even now, he still did not know who had done it in the dark.

Chen Xiang had left the area where the Python Demon Race was, and at this time, the Peng Guquan inside the You Yao Mountain Villa had already woken up. When he woke up, he was extremely furious, because he was ambushed by Peng Kunyao back then, so he landed in the hands of the Python Demon Race.

It was Peng Kunyao and the Python Demon Race who had acted together to harm him!

Peng profoundfei had also told his father many things. Peng Guquan was indeed a righteous person, he knew that Chen Xiang had saved him, and he had even saved Peng profoundfei before. He nodded immediately and agreed to give the Aohun holy bead to Chen Xiang.

Seeing that Peng profoundfei and Peng Guquan’s relationship was deep, Su Meiyao did not say anything about letting Peng profoundfei follow her, and had even given up on that idea. After all, Chen Xiang had already obtained the Aohun holy bead, so they could use him in the future.

Chen Xiang used the first stage of Time Domain, allowing Peng Guquan to recover even faster inside it, and allowing him to quickly possess sufficient strength.

A first stage Time Domain could buy him quite a bit of time, and in a mere day’s time, Peng Guquan had recovered and allowed him to leave the You Yao Mountain Villa.

"It’s been so many years, and I’ve been trapped in that block of ice. Thank you, brat! Haha!" Peng Guquan patted Chen Xiang’s shoulders and laughed.

He had a complete face, while the other Roc s and even Peng Kunyao’s were like beaks of birds. This might have been the reason why Peng profoundfei was so beautiful, but Peng Guquan was also an extremely handsome man.

"Go, let’s return to Roc Palace now." Peng Guquan said to Chen Xiang: "This thing of yours, its speed should not be as fast as me!"