Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Although Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors could float, it couldn’t float that high, and Peng Guquan could fly high in the sky.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang nodded.

Peng Guquan transformed into a giant roc, rolled up a tornado at the same time, and sucked Chen Xiang inside, allowing Chen Xiang to land on his back. Then, he flapped his wings, flying toward Roc Palace.

The feathers on Peng Guquan’s body were silver white, which was also a very unique color.

"Uncle, have you heard of any powerful humans that have been here before?" Chen Xiang asked, this was a question that he was more concerned about, the reason he came over was to find Super Yang Old Ancestor.

"Not only have I heard of it, I’ve also seen it! He has all sorts of strange techniques, just like you, young man. Peng Guquan said: "But that was many years ago. At that time, I met them and wanted to make them stay, but they refused me. They said that they wanted to go to some Tao-creation Place."

"They? "How many are there?" Chen Xiang never thought that there would be so many people, he guessed that it should be the Super Yang Old Ancestor and the rest.

"Two!" An old man and a child. " Peng Guquan said: "Especially that kid, don’t look at how young he is, even if he is strong, I am still no match for him."

Gu Tong looked just like a young boy, while Super Yang Old Ancestor was an old man. They had actually come together to this place, no wonder they had been missing for such a long time!

Although Chen Xiang did not know what kind of place the Tao-creation Place was, judging by its name, it was an extremely extraordinary place.

"Uncle, do you know which direction they’re going in?" Chen Xiang was also curious about the Tao-creation Place and wanted to take a look.

"I don’t know, because even they don’t know where it is." Peng Guquan sighed: "Initially, the humans that came here weren’t limited to just the two of them, there were also quite a few, it’s just that I have never seen them before.

Chen Xiang no longer asked about this matter, he was sure that Super Yang Old Ancestor and Gu Tong had come here before.

"Uncle, the Aohun holy bead is so important to your Roc Race, will the elders in your clan agree?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Even if you don’t agree, I still have to. After all, the Aohun holy bead is mine! I said before that if I really needed it, I could take it away. " Peng Guquan said: "Don’t worry, the old man in my Roc Race is still not bad."

"I don’t really believe you. I keep having the feeling that they don’t treat Xuan Fei very well." Chen Xiang said. Although he had never seen those seniors before, looking at the way Peng profoundfei was using the Aohun holy bead, those seniors were slowly reducing the time Peng profoundfei had to use the Aohun holy bead.

When Peng profoundfei came out of the You Yao Mountain Villa, she was right by his side. When he was in the You Yao Mountain Villa earlier, Su Meiyao had already told her that he wouldn’t let her follow him and let her stay in the Roc Palace to accompany his parents. After all, staying far from his family was extremely difficult for her.

"Father, the first thing you should do when you return is to give the Aohun holy bead to Chen Xiang." Peng profoundfei replied: "I’m worried about some unforeseen event."

Because of Peng Kunyao’s cunning uncle, Peng profoundfei had become suspicious of his clan’s elders.

"Don’t worry about that, I’ll definitely do it." Peng Guquan was extremely grateful to Chen Xiang for saving his daughter. He would rather die than let anything happen to Peng profoundfei, so he was very willing to gift a Aohun holy bead to Chen Xiang.

Peng profoundfei was silent for a moment, then looked at Chen Xiang and said: "Father, I previously announced a bounty, as long as I can save you from Python Demon Race, I will marry him and give him the Aohun holy bead ..."

Peng profoundfei seemed to have made a great deal of decision before he spoke of this matter.

"Xuan Fei ... I only want the Aohun holy bead, don’t think too much about it, what I said before was just a joke. " Chen Xiang anxiously said, he could not bear to watch this girl leave his parents.

"But, I want to be honest!" Peng profoundfei said in a low voice.

Peng Guquan was silent for a while, then said: "That’s right, you have to be honest! Now that you have grown up and are already at the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, you should be able to go out and adventure. If there are no Aohun holy bead in the clan, the situation will become chaotic, so you should follow this young lad! "

Peng Guquan had also thought about it carefully. Chen Xiang had Aohun holy bead, and it was a Alchemist, with all kinds of mysterious techniques at his side, he could even cure the snake poison that was extremely difficult to cure.

Chen Xiang had charged into the Python Demon Race’s Snake Nest alone and saved him. Just this point made him admire Peng profoundfei’s ability, it would definitely be able to grow even better if he stayed by Chen Xiang’s side.

"It’s better not. As parents, you definitely don’t want your children to be far away from you ..." I don’t know where I’m going. " Chen Xiang immediately tried to shirk her.

Peng profoundfei looked at Chen Xiang with hidden bitterness, but Chen Xiang was unable to bear with her sad eyes, and anxiously asked: "sister Meiyao, you demon, did you make her do it?!"

"No, I told her not to take her away." Su Meiyao said: "Since she has no objections, and her father has no objections, you can take her away, I’ll take it if you don’t want it!"

She was a little reluctant to part with Peng profoundfei since it was as if he was in a new world in the You Yao Mountain Villa. She felt that if her father had no objections, she would be willing to follow Chen Xiang.

"Do you dislike me?" Peng profoundfei whispered.

"Of course not... Alright, I’ll bring you along. If I get the Aohun holy bead, I might have to leave. " Chen Xiang said.

"En!" Peng profoundfei revealed a bright smile.

Peng Guquan had already flown back to the Roc Palace, and upon his return, he immediately brought Chen Xiang and Peng profoundfei to the stone room where the Aohun holy bead were stored.

"Elder, you’re back!" An old man guarding the door saw Peng Guquan and was pleasantly surprised.

"Mm, who’s inside?" Peng Guquan said. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"Third Elder!" The old gatekeeper said.

"Oh, let him out. I want the Aohun holy bead." Peng Guquan said very straightforwardly: "I was saved by this young man. My daughter once promised him that she would give the Aohun holy bead to him."

Who didn’t know about Peng profoundfei’s bounty? Furthermore, he had obtained the consent of all the elders within the clan back then, and now that Peng Guquan had returned, he had to fulfill his promise.

The two old men who were guarding the door thought it was natural as well. They hurriedly knocked on the door and called for the third elder.

At this time, Peng profoundfei sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang, "This Third Elder is Peng Kunyao’s little brother and is also my uncle.

It was actually Peng Kunyao’s little brother. Chen Xiang felt that there would most likely be a problem, because Peng Kunyao had to do such a big thing.

"There should be a problem. Tell your dad to pay attention to this guy." Chen Xiang said to Peng profoundfei through sound transmission.

Peng Guquan had been scammed once, so there definitely wouldn’t be a second time!