Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Peng profoundfei and Chen Xiang stood behind Peng Guquan, and as Peng Guquan waited for the people inside to come out, he gathered all the energy in his body, because no matter what, he had to get the Aohun holy bead back today.

Previously, he had contributed the Aohun holy bead, but this had instead aroused the greed of others. That Peng Kunyao wanted to kill him and her daughter in order to obtain the Aohun holy bead.

Peng Guquan was extremely angry and cold at this moment. He was starting to suspect that some of the elders in the Roc Race might have the same idea.

"Peng Kunyao should have returned by now. Inside is his little brother Peng Kun Shan, later we have to pay attention to Peng Kun Shan’s expression." Peng profoundfei whispered to Chen Xiang.

The door to the secret room was suddenly opened, causing Peng Kun Shan to be extremely suspicious. When he walked out, he saw Peng Guquan standing at the door.

Seeing Peng Guquan’s return, Peng Kun Shan was immediately stunned. He stared with wide eyes but was unable to say anything.

After Peng Kun Shan reacted, he immediately rushed towards the Aohun holy bead, but Peng Guquan’s speed was even faster. When he rushed over, he struck Peng Kun Shan with his palm, sending him flying against a wall.

"Hmph, you want to take my Aohun holy bead?" Peng Guquan shouted in anger.

Peng Kun Shan’s actions just now had also made the two old men standing guard feel that something was very strange! When Peng Kun Shan saw that Peng Guquan had returned, his first reaction was actually to snatch the Aohun holy bead s away. With one look, he could tell that Peng Guquan wanted to take it for himself.

Peng Guquan was already holding onto the Aohun holy bead in his hands. He glared at Peng Kun Shan and shouted, "I know about the dirty things you two brothers have done!"

"Peng Guquan, what are you saying? Why did you hit me! " Peng Kun Shan’s strength was not as good as Peng Guquan’s, and he could not understand why Peng Guquan would suddenly appear here.

The news of Peng Guquan’s return quickly spread. After the clan elders knew about it, they rushed over in a hurry. When they arrived and saw Peng Guquan holding the Aohun holy bead in his hand, they knew that the situation wasn’t good.

"Gu Quan, you’re back! What exactly is going on? " A white-haired old man with a long beard asked.

"Hmph, that year I fell for that brat Peng Kunyao’s schemes. He joined hands with the Python Demon Race to make a move on me, and he even hurt Xuanyuan Fei multiple times! Fortunately, this little brother is resourceful, and was saved by me from the Python Demon Race’s den of snakes, and even helped me cure the poison! Earlier, Xuan Fei had released a bounty, but now that we need the target to promise us, I want to give the Aohun holy bead to this little brother. "

Peng Guquan said as he handed the Aohun holy bead over to Chen Xiang.

After Chen Xiang received it, he anxiously kept it.

The Aohun holy bead was given to someone else just like that? Peng Kun Shan’s heart was filled with madness as he roared: "Peng Kunyao, you bastard, such a precious thing, how can you just give it to someone else like that?"

"Isn’t this what you two brothers did? For the sake of obtaining the Aohun holy bead, you have deliberately set up such a plan. " When Peng Guquan gave the Aohun holy bead to Chen Xiang, he did not feel any heartache.

"Gu Quan, what you’re doing is too wrong. You should have discussed this with us." Then, he gave an eye signal to the few elders beside him.

The few elders surrounded Chen Xiang one by one. Chen Xiang had the Aohun holy bead in his hands, which was an extremely valuable thing to their Roc Race. Although it was Peng Guquan’s, they had used it for so many years, and had long regarded it as theirs.

"Since that’s the case, why did you allow me to post the bounty?" That is something that you agreed to. Could it be that you guys are planning this with Peng Kunyao? " Peng profoundfei was completely enraged, the patriarch and several elders of the Roc Race were clearly going to go back on their words.

They stopped talking, and the patriarch said coldly: "I don’t care, the Aohun holy bead must stay, or else none of you are allowed to leave."

"Kid, can you take Xuan Fei away?" Peng Guquan asked.

"No problem!" As soon as Chen Xiang finished speaking, he let Peng profoundfei enter the You Yao Mountain Villa, and teleported to the outside of the stone room. At the same time, he used his Counter Power to conceal himself, and in a few moments, he was outside.

Just as Chen Xiang left the secret room, Peng Guquan explosively roared, and a wave of berserk thunder and fire energy violently surged out. It erupted from the ground and shot into the sky, and in the stone room deep underground, was pierced through by Peng Guquan.

Peng Guquan flew out along with the huge pit. He was still very strong, and when he had obtained the Aohun holy bead, he had secretly used it for a period of time.

"Father is going to look for my mother. It seems like he plans to take Mother and stay far away from Roc Race." After Peng profoundfei found out about the situation outside, she felt a lot more relieved. As long as her father did not fall into the hands of the clan leaders and the others, it would be enough.

Chen Xiang didn’t know what the Patriarch and the others had agreed to with Peng Kunyao, but from their previous performance, it could be seen that they already had ill intentions towards the Aohun holy bead. And after Peng Guquan was harmed by Peng Kunyao earlier, he had to immediately make a decision and leave the Roc Race due to the situation earlier.

"Do you want to go find your parents now?" He was still in the holy city of Da Peng.

"For the time being." Peng profoundfei only let out a faint sigh. She had a certain tacit understanding with her parents and even though they did not say goodbye, they did not say anything.

Peng Guquan had previously seen Chen Xiang’s strength, and knew that Chen Xiang was able to protect Peng profoundfei, so he was relieved and allowed Peng profoundfei to follow Chen Xiang.

"We must not let a guy like Peng Kunyao live." Chen Xiang said as his brows furrowed, "Xuan Fei, do you know where the secret room of the ice is? is he in Roc Palace? "

After hearing Chen Xiang’s question, Peng profoundfei knew what he was thinking!

"I know, I’ll take you there now, it’s not inside Roc Palace." Peng profoundfei hurriedly said: "Who knows, maybe my father will also go there. Those big peng that were poisoned, some of them are seniors, and all of them were mysteriously poisoned, maybe all of them were caused by Peng Kunyao." UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

After experiencing this string of events, Peng profoundfei had also become smarter, and was able to think of many things in an instant.

Under Peng profoundfei’s guidance, Chen Xiang headed towards the secret room that was filled with ice at the fastest speed possible.

The Ice Chamber was located outside of Da Peng Holy City, a distance away from the Roc Palace. It was the place where the Roc Race first resided.

Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors was flying among the Soul Demon Sacred Forest, heading towards their ancient habitat.

After two days, Chen Xiang finally arrived.

This place was a little special. The trees here were all very huge, and were the largest batch of trees Chen Xiang had seen in the Soul Demon Sacred Forest.

"Because these trees were all nourished by the great roc, they became extremely large." Peng profoundfei said, "There is a crack in the ground here, the secret room of the Ice Ape is constructed below."

Under Peng profoundfei’s guidance, Chen Xiang found the crack in the ground. It was only forty to fifty meters wide, with a depth that could not be seen at the bottom.

"Let me take you down." Peng profoundfei pulled Chen Xiang’s hand, then flapped his wings and descended. If he didn’t know how to fly, it would be extremely difficult to fly up and down.