Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

After Peng profoundfei descended for less than an hour, he finally reached the bottom. It was extremely dark down there, Chen Xiang took out a glowing stone and illuminated everything.

"It’s right in front!" Peng profoundfei brought Chen Xiang and walked deep into the crevice.

After walking a distance, Peng profoundfei stood on top of the stone wall and carefully looked at the stone wall, frowning: "Since father isn’t here, I had thought that he would come, but it doesn’t matter, let’s first rescue all the great peng inside."

Peng profoundfei pushed hard on the stone wall, and after the stone wall caved in, a stone door appeared. Opening the stone door, a gust of cold air blew over, causing Chen Xiang to shiver.

"Enter!" Peng profoundfei took the light emitting stone and walked in front.

He didn’t know what was going on, but there was actually a large amount of cold air here. If Chen Xiang didn’t use his power to resist the cold air, he would definitely have been frozen to death.

"There are a total of eight golden rocs that have been poisoned. Let’s quickly cure them of the poison." Peng profoundfei said.

When Bai Youyou and Su Meiyao came out of the You Yao Mountain Villa, Chen Xiang released a barrier made up of Six Realms mirrors and covered the eight pieces of ice, isolating them from the cold energy of the place.

After that, he carefully melted the ice and placed the antidote pill into the mouths of those great peng, allowing them to remove the poison.

After finishing their work, more than two hours had passed. The eight Roc demons were all relatively old and their strength was not weak. They should all be at the elder level.

They were all Great Roc’s disciples who flew back after being poisoned, and that was why they were frozen here.

After Peng profoundfei saw that the eight elders had recovered their spirit, they briefly told them about the matters of the Roc Race, making them extremely angry. They all expressed their wish to help Peng Guquan.

The eight elders left the crevice and came to the ground to adjust themselves. They had been poisoned for many years and needed some time to recover. Right now, they were resting in the great roc region. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

"I wonder if my parents will come here." Peng profoundfei said.

They are already completely disappointed in Roc Race, so they came to the old place to take a look. " They all knew Peng profoundfei. When Peng profoundfei was born, they all had a deep impression of him.

After waiting for a few days, Peng Guquan came along with Peng profoundfei’s mother.

Peng profoundfei’s mother was a beautiful middle-aged woman, hence Peng profoundfei looked somewhat similar to her.

Within the Roc Race, there were several great peng, golden peng, fire peng, thunder peng, and so on. Peng profoundfei’s mother was a fire peng, and Peng Guquan was a very special lightning, fire, silver, peng.

Peng Guquan really did not expect Chen Xiang and Peng profoundfei to come here, they saw that the seniors who were poisoned back then had good complexions, and immediately understood that it was Chen Xiang who helped them cure the poison.

"Gu Quan, what’s going on with Roc Race?" An old man asked.

"Hard to say! In short, a traitor has appeared in the Roc Race and is colluding with the Python Demon Race! " Peng Guquan told what he knew to the elders.

These eight elders had already heard from Peng profoundfei about it before, but now, after hearing the details, they became even more furious.

"You have some prestige in the Roc Race. How about this, you spread the news and get those Roc who want to follow you here, we will establish a new Roc Race." An old man said, "Many of the great peng must have been kept in the dark. If they knew the truth about this matter, they would probably take action."

At this moment, Peng profoundfei was with her mother, and it was unknown what she was whispering. Previously, she thought she wouldn’t be able to see her mother again before she left.

After a few days of rest, Chen Xiang had Su Meiyao and the three Young girl Danling s refine even more antidotes at the same time. He passed these antidotes to Peng Guquan and the others, and after that, they might have to fight against the Poisonous Python Demon.

Many of the golden rocs had seen Peng Guquan return before, so after knowing about this matter, they all chose to believe in him. After all, Peng Guquan was captured by the Poisonous Python Demon, and Peng Guquan himself had a very strong ability.

Many golden rocs gradually appeared in the Ancient Great Peng Land. A crisis appeared in the Roc Palace, many of the golden rocs that had received Peng Guquan’s favor all flew to the Ancient Great Peng Land.

Many of the golden rocs knew that Peng Guquan no longer had a Aohun holy bead, but they did not mind. It was because of the Aohun holy bead that Peng Guquan was saved, otherwise their Roc Race would have to cooperate with the Poisonous Python Demon.

All these years, many of the Roc King hated the Poisonous Python Demon, and their higher ups actually colluded with the Poisonous Python Demon, which made them very happy. After knowing the truth, they all came here one by one.

This matter became more and more serious, and many of the surrounding demon clan members knew, they were all very angry that Peng Kunyao had colluded with the Poisonous Python Demon, because after they thought carefully, they could understand the consequences of Poisonous Python Demon colluding with Peng Kunyao.

Therefore, the surrounding cities all supported Peng Guquan in building the new Holy City of Da Peng. They all sent people to build a city with the Ancient Da Peng as the center.

Chen Xiang did not leave, he stayed behind and passed down the method to concoct the antidote to the old Alchemist, which made them very happy after mastering it. They all promised Chen Xiang that they would join the Roc Race to help him concoct the antidote.

As long as they had the antidote, they wouldn’t need to fear the Python Demon Race anymore.

In the blink of an eye, a month passed. With the help of many Soul Demon, a new city was built, and the Great Peng Holy City that was saved wasn’t as lively as it was before.

... ....

"How do you do things? We don’t have any Aohun holy bead left, so the clan members should all go to Peng Guquan’s side. We are currently being seen as a Poisonous Python Demon. " Peng Kunyao was extremely angry.

"Brother, why don’t we join hands with Python Demon Race? With the few of us here, Python Demon Race will definitely be stronger." Peng Kunshan said.

The old patriarch said angrily, "You still dare to blame us? Wasn’t it due to you failing a few times? Peng profoundfei is just a little girl, yet you can’t kill her. Furthermore, all of this was caused by the mysterious human beside her! This Chen Xiang fellow, his strength is extremely mysterious. It was he who sneaked into the Python Demon Race to save Peng Guquan, causing great chaos to our plan! And you have always been in charge of Peng profoundfei’s matters, you should have killed this brat back then. "

"It’s all because your reactions were too slow! Otherwise, as long as we have Aohun holy bead s, there’s nothing to be afraid of! Now that there’s nothing left, us joining the Python Demon Race is also a matter of being controlled. We cannot join them like this, otherwise we will only be a level lower than them. " Peng Kunyao said angrily: "Let us try to see if we can be invited by the clan’s ancestor to settle this matter."

The oldest and oldest Da Peng was still in the Soul Demon Sacred Forest, and Peng Kunyao and the others knew where the ancestor was. They were leaving right now, since there was a patriarch who was assigned to this ancient Da Peng back then.