Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

With the city constructed, the number of people and Soul Demon s started to increase. Chen Xiang felt that it was time to head deeper into the Soul Demon Sacred Forest.

"Xuan Fei, are you sure you want to come with us?" Chen Xiang asked: "If we really go, I don’t know when we’ll be able to return."

"Yes, I’m sure." Peng profoundfei had already made his decision.

Suddenly, a burst of noise came from outside, Peng profoundfei anxiously went out of the house, and saw that there were a lot of big peng flying in one direction, and there were a lot of hisses coming from that direction!

"This is a call from the grandmother." Peng profoundfei shouted in shock, "I must go and take a look!"

After Peng profoundfei finished speaking, he rose into the air and flew towards the direction of the sound.

Before Chen Xiang could react, Peng profoundfei was already far away, he anxiously entered the Six Realms mirrors and followed. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

At this moment, all the great peng in the city was flying towards that direction.

"What kind of background does this grandmother have?" "So you have prestige!" Chen Xiang thought in his heart as he stood inside the Six Realms mirrors.

"Maybe he’s the one who gave birth to the entire Roc Race. You should know how the Soul Demon was born, right?" Feng Ke’er said: "This old lady suddenly appeared, I think she’s here to resolve the issue, maybe she is called Peng Kunyao."

The place they were gathered at was a distance away from the Da Peng Ancient Region. When Chen Xiang went there, he saw a tall platform constructed from many large trees, on which stood a white-haired old lady with a walking stick. She was a little hunchbacked, wearing a simple set of grey clothes.

Chen Xiang guessed that this was Roc Race’s grandmother.

"Xuan Fei is there!" After Chen Xiang came out from the Six Realms mirrors, she quietly went to Peng profoundfei’s side. Peng profoundfei was currently with her parents.

"I’ve heard all about your matters. It’s no small matter! You juniors really disappoint me. " Roc Old Ancestor sighed, her voice full of helplessness.

"Grandmother, since you already know about it, how should we deal with Peng Kunyao and the rest? They colluded with the Python Demon Race." Peng Guquan glared at Peng Kunyao and the others, "You have colluded with the evil Python Demon Race to frame our fellow clansmen, how can you let them go just like that?"

"Grandmother, don’t listen to his nonsense. He wanted to become the Clan Leader himself, so he came up with such a lie." Peng Kunyao laughed coldly: "These are just his words, everyone do not listen to him."

"Not bad, because Peng Guquan used his own Aohun holy bead s, and has a good reputation in the Roc Race, to fabricate a truth to frame us!" The clan leader said: "Peng Guquan wasn’t poisoned at all, he was only pretending to join up with his own wife and daughter to deceive us!"

Roc Old Ancestor scolded: "All of you shut up!"

Peng Kunyao and the others had already decided not to admit it. Because there was no evidence, they believed that nothing would happen to them.

"I remember that all of you had been poisoned by the snake’s poison, but now you are able to dispel it. What’s going on?" Roc Old Ancestor looked at the eight elders who had been poisoned by Chen Xiang.

Hearing Roc Old Ancestor’s question, Peng Kunyao and the others finally started to carefully observe the eight elders. Because these eight elders had been poisoned for a long time, they were frozen inside the ice room, to the point that Peng Kunyao and the Roc Race leader almost forgot.

Peng Kunyao and the others started to feel apprehensive, because Peng Guquan had already grasped the method to cure the poison.

"This is mainly thanks to this little friend that Xuan Fei knows. He has the antidote pill and it was he who helped us read it." An old man said, "Grandmother, I believe you should know that Gu Quan was saved by this little friend from the den of snakes. That’s why you gave the Aohun holy bead to him."

Peng Kunyao and the others looked at Chen Xiang, their hearts burning with anger. It was precisely Chen Xiang who had destroyed their entire plan, and this brat who had killed them with a thousand cuts was something he hated to the bones.

"Grandmother, you should now believe that I was captured by the Python Demon Race. I have been poisoned for many years, and it was Chen Xiang who helped me cure the poison." Peng Guquan said.

"I have my own thoughts on this matter." Roc Old Ancestor nodded, then looked at Chen Xiang: "I wonder if you can give me a detoxification pill, let me take a look?"

"Of course you can!" Chen Xiang immediately threw over a light green antidote pill.

After Roc Old Ancestor ate it, his face revealed a trace of surprise, and then, he nodded repeatedly. "Not bad, not bad, so this is the thought of refining the antidote pill, why didn’t I think of it? "Originally, it was a very simple matter, but I had thought about it in a complicated manner."

Back then, after the frozen Eight Elders were poisoned, this Roc Old Ancestor came out to cure them of the poison, but it did not succeed.

"Gu Quan, can you take out any conclusive evidence to prove that Kun Yao colluded with the Python Demon Race? If you can’t, then let it go. " Roc Old Ancestor said. She was in a difficult position.

"I ..." Peng Guquan gritted his teeth as he looked at the pleased Peng Kunyao.

"I knew you didn’t! Hmph, everyone should be able to see that I am innocent, Peng Guquan was the one who framed me. " Peng Kunyao pointed at Peng Guquan and said angrily, "You have destroyed my good name, you must be held accountable."

"Alright, why did Peng Kun Shan want to snatch my Aohun holy bead that day? The two Patriarchs guarding the door can prove that not only Peng Kun Shan wants to snatch the Aohun holy bead, the Patriarch and the few other Elders want to stop me as well! The Aohun holy bead is mine to begin with, and when I offered it up, I said that I could take it away anytime. " Peng Guquan questioned Peng Kun Shan, the Patriarch and the others.

They were not with Peng Kunyao. When the clan had been split, the two of them had immediately went to find the Roc Old Ancestor, so after that, they did not come into contact with Peng Kunyao and Peng Guquan at all. Their words were very trustworthy.

Peng Kun Shan could not explain this matter. Back then, he had indeed taken action and plundered them, and his killing intent was even more intense. The most difficult ones to explain were the Patriarch and the rest who surrounded Chen Xiang and Peng profoundfei, the two juniors.

"It’s all because they couldn’t bear to part with their Aohun holy bead and fell into the hands of a human. They had to do this in such a desperate situation, so it’s not weird that the Aohun holy bead were extremely useful to our Roc Race. For the sake of the entire clan, the clan leader and the others made such a mistake." Peng Kunyao said loudly.

The black one had turned white because of him, which made Peng Guquan and the others angry and anxious!

"Peng Guquan, what else do you have to say for yourself? We were loyal to the Roc Race, but were framed by a villain like you! " Peng Kunyao laughed coldly, feeling extremely pleased in his heart.

"Wait, I have evidence!" Chen Xiang suddenly said.

He took out a large crystal ball. He controlled the crystal ball to float in the air so that everyone could see it.

A few figures appeared inside the crystal ball. They were Peng Kunyao and the few old poison pythons ...

"They’re the old guys from the Python Demon Race. I haven’t seen them for a long time!" Roc Old Ancestor’s pupils contracted as he stared at the crystal ball.

Following that, a sound came from the crystal ball ...

"Three elders, when will you be able to cure Peng Guquan’s poison at the fastest time?" This was Peng Kunyao’s voice.

"It will take at least five months! We’ve already cured him of the poison as fast as we can ... This fellow is too strong. If not for the fact that we used poison so fiercely back then, our Python Demon Race would have definitely suffered heavy losses. This was the voice of the old poisonous python.

"Sigh, time is of the essence, if I don’t hurry, I might not even be able to obtain the Aohun holy bead! If I bring Peng Guquan back now, my position in the Roc Race is even higher, and I can immediately obtain the Aohun holy bead. However, after Peng Guquan gets poisoned, his vitality will definitely be greatly damaged, and it will be difficult for him to compete for the position of Patriarch with me. "

"Didn’t you say before that you wanted to kill that little girl? and even sacrificed a lesser demon. "

"Don’t mention it! This was really strange. She couldn’t succeed on both occasions. She could have been poisoned to death, but she could always cure herself ... Come to think of it, do you think your poison can do it? Why is she still alive? "

These were all things that Chen Xiang had personally heard and witnessed the other day. He used a secret technique to extract the memory fragment for everyone to see.

Peng Kunyao was startled, he never thought that Chen Xiang would have such a move, his head was drenched with sweat, the patriarchs and the rest were also like that.

After the two old men saw this, they became furious and immediately rushed over, surrounding Peng Kunyao and the others. The dozen or so old men inside the Roc Race also rushed over and surrounded them.

"Peng Kunyao, what else do you have?!" Peng Guquan took a deep breath, Chen Xiang had helped him a lot.