Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Peng Kunyao’s face twitched, he really did not think that Chen Xiang would do such a thing.

"This... This is all a trick created by the little human Chen Xiang, and he’s lying to you all! " Peng Kunyao said loudly: "Could it be that none of you believe me?"

Roc Old Ancestor laughed coldly: "It’s not that I don’t believe you, but you’re just full of nonsense! Those old poison pythons are usually well-hidden and won’t show their faces easily. I’m sure that if this brat didn’t see them with his own eyes, he definitely wouldn’t be able to do it! The things that we saw just now were all released from his memory, so I believe that this must be true. "

Peng Kunyao was unable to say anything. He already had no way to argue, and this was originally the truth.

"Go to hell!" Peng Kunyao roared out, transforming into a gigantic Roc. However, the moment he transformed, Roc Old Ancestor had already made her move. No one knew what she did, but a gigantic ball of blue light suddenly appeared in the air.

The huge ball of light smashed down from the sky and struck Peng Kunyao.

After being struck by the gigantic ball of blue light, Peng Kunyao’s huge body immediately ignited with blue flames. Everyone could hear Peng Kunyao crazily howling as he flapped his wings and flew around in the air.

Those few clan leaders had long been captured by Peng Guquan and the others, and they would receive extremely severe punishments. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

The Roc Old Ancestor flew into the air, the cane in his hand flew out and stabbed into Peng Kunyao’s head, causing him to immediately fall from the sky, his huge body still burning with blue flames.

"Go and extinguish the flames over there!" Roc Old Ancestor sighed. She had watched these Roc s grow up like her own children, but now that they had committed such a grave mistake, she had no choice but to ruthlessly destroy them. Otherwise, he would definitely continue to make mistakes in the future.

If he had admitted his wrongs, the Roc Old Ancestor might not have killed him. Instead, she had imprisoned him and allowed him to live the rest of his life.

"Gu Quan, I’ll leave the Roc Race in your hands. I won’t care about the matters here in the future. It’s too tiring, and too injured." Roc Old Ancestor sighed, then looked at Peng profoundfei.

"Xuan Fei, come over here!" Roc Old Ancestor also knew that Peng profoundfei was a very special existence. She was born white, and her talent was not bad either.

Peng profoundfei walked over to Roc Old Ancestor’s side.

"Grandmother, what is it?" Peng profoundfei asked in a low voice.

"I want to go to a place. You can come with me." Roc Old Ancestor looked at Chen Xiang, as if he already knew that Peng profoundfei was going to follow him.

When Chen Xiang heard this, he had a bad premonition.

Sure enough, the Roc Old Ancestor grabbed Peng profoundfei and flew into the sky, transforming into a blue light that flew into the distance and disappeared in an instant.

"This ..." Chen Xiang looked at Peng Guquan and his wife.

Peng profoundfei had already said that she would go with him, and Su Meiyao was still looking forward to it. But now that she was kidnapped by the Roc Old Ancestor, who knows where she would go to.

"Uncle, where is your grandmother going?" Chen Xiang was very depressed in his heart. If he had Peng profoundfei in the You Yao Mountain Villa, it would be even more lively inside.

"I don’t know, but Grandmother said before that if one day she wants to leave Roc Race, she will go find Tao-creation Place." Peng Guquan also didn’t think that the Roc Old Ancestor would take Peng profoundfei away like this.

"Alright, that is also my goal." Chen Xiang looked at the sky, he could only go there to find Peng profoundfei.

The Roc Old Ancestor was the strongest Roc here, its flying speed was definitely very fast, if Chen Xiang wanted to go up there he would definitely be too late. Fortunately, the Aohun holy bead was in his hands, and he could let Su Meiyao and the others use it to cultivate on the way there.

"You must be careful on your journey. Find the Tao-creation Place. The journey is dangerous." Peng Guquan warned.

"I got it, Uncle. Farewell!"

After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he ran off without a trace.

"Damned old woman. She actually kidnapped my gentle and lovely Xuan Fei. I must snatch her back." Since Su Meiyao had a temper inside the You Yao Mountain Villa, she couldn’t blame Chen Xiang either, because no one would have expected the Roc Old Ancestor to do such a thing.

"Sigh, we can’t let Xuan Fei carry me flying." Long Xueyi was also very depressed.

The Six Realms mirrors was flying at a very fast speed. He had previously only seen the direction the Roc Old Ancestor was flying in, so he was not sure if the Tao-creation Place was over there or not.

At this time, Bai Youyou had already used Aohun holy bead to cultivate, so she needed to raise her strength. Only then would she be able to wield even more power, and only when Chen Xiang was in danger would she be able to help Chen Xiang.

Qin Shuang said: "Chen Xiang, let me go out and see if I can find the Transmission array my grandfather left here, something like that."

Chen Xiang’s eyes lit up, he anxiously asked the Six Realms mirrors to stop.

Qin Shuang was always able to find the ancient Transmission array laid out by the Super Yang Old Ancestor. This wasn’t by coincidence, but because she had her own way.

Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang came out from the Six Realms mirrors.

Qin Shuang saw that Qin Shuang was holding onto a very small disk. He took a look at it and saw that it was a very small array disc, but it was very complicated.

Normally, this very complicated round would mostly be the Transmission array. If one could teleport from a world above the Myriad Tao, then this kind of Transmission array would be even more complicated.

"What kind of array disc is this?" Chen Xiang still asked.

"A small scale Transmission array was given to me by my grandmother. It would be even easier to find the Transmission array my grandfather had set up." Qin Shuang said: "As long as you place the things on this little formation plate, and activate the teleportation, if you can teleport out successfully, it would mean that there are Transmission array s that my grandfather built nearby."

Qin Shuang held the Transmission array in this way and activated it in all directions, but the stone on top was unable to teleport out.

"Come on up, give it a try every time we walk a certain distance. After all, the distance we can travel is limited." Chen Xiang allowed the Six Realms mirrors to grow a little, allowing the two of them to sit on it.

The Six Realms mirrors quickly flew up and Chen Xiang used Counter Power Invisibility, so he was still very safe.

"My grandfather has a habit. Every time he goes to a place, he hopes to build a Transmission array, and these Transmission array can always be teamed together ... If you have enough energy, you can teleport very far away. " Qin Shuang said.

This was something that Chen Xiang firmly believed in. Previously, on the small island inside the Divine Dragon Lake, there was a Transmission array that was connected to the Divine Soil Restricted Area.

After the Six Realms mirrors flew for a few days, the stone on top of Qin Shuang’s formation plate suddenly disappeared.

"Chen Xiang, stop." Qin Shuang anxiously shouted, Chen Xiang was only paying attention to the situation around him, so he did not notice the formation plate, but upon hearing Qin Shuang’s screams, he stopped the Six Realms mirrors.