Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

As expected, Qin Shuang found a nearby Transmission array, and now he was even more sure that the Super Yang Old Ancestor had come here.

"That’s great ... But now, how do I know where the Transmission array is? " Chen Xiang asked.

"This array disc can determine the direction!" Qin Shuang held onto the array disc, injected some energy, causing it to release light, and then she started to spin on the spot. When the array disc became bright, she immediately stopped, and looked in the direction of the Ancient Transmission array.

After confirming the direction, Chen Xiang immediately had his Six Realms mirrors speed up its flight.

"Where will your grandfather’s Transmission array take us to?" Chen Xiang was extremely curious.

"I don’t know, but when the time comes, I’ll probably need Crystal emperor s." Qin Shuang chuckled: "When the time comes, I might need you to use the Crystal emperor!"

Chen Xiang still had a few Crystal emperor he couldn’t use right now, but if he used them to open the Transmission array, he would be reluctant to use them.

"Crystal emperor are also in the form of energy. I wonder if they can condense a Crystal emperor pill if I feed them to their Elixir Spirit?" Chen Xiang said, this was an idea that suddenly popped up in his mind. If his pill spirit could do it, then he would not need to spend too much time refining the Crystal emperor.

Although he could refine it, he would need to stay in the Time Domain for a long time to produce a bird.

"sister Meiyao, do you think that is possible?" Chen Xiang asked. Su Meiyao also knew how to use the derivation method and the Crash method, it wasn’t as extreme as Chen Xiang’s, but she could still create Crystal emperor s.

She had already mentioned this to Chen Xiang before, but the time she needed was much longer than Chen Xiang.

"Of course it’s possible. Let me ask those three little girls." Su Meiyao said.

The three Young girl Danling were currently playing around with Long Xueyi. It was very easy for Long Xueyi to cultivate in the Little Naughty Dragon, so she spent most of her time playing around. According to her, only when her body and mind were happy would her rate of improvement be fast.

The Young girl Danling was originally very gentle and quiet, but ever since Long Xueyi came here, it had become a little wild. It was estimated that it wouldn’t be long before it would evolve into a wild girl.

After Su Meiyao asked about the three Young girl Danling s, he said to Chen Xiang: "They said yes, about 20 of them!"

"Just let Flower and Lili eat one. When the time comes, the two sisters will train in the Life and Life Mysterious Technique and assimilate the other two." Chen Xiang said, "Your pill spirit shouldn’t be able to cultivate the Twin Life Mysterious Techniques with them, right?"

"After all, different bloodlines, of course not." Su Meiyao said, "But you don’t have to worry, just wait until Flower and Li Li successfully form their Crystal emperor and then give me their Elixir to eat."

To refine twenty Crystal emperor, that would take a lot of time.

"I am already at the middle stage of Aoshi Holy Stage now. Using the additional Crash technique and Foreseeing Alchemy should save me even more time." The last time Chen Xiang refined it, he had not stepped into the Aoshi Holy Stage. Now, he was many times stronger than before, and could even use the mysterious ancient flames.

When flying on the Six Realms mirrors s for a distance, Qin Shuang would use the formation plate to confirm his direction, so that he could fly to the location of the Transmission array more accurately.

Two days later, Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang found the Transmission array. It wasn’t very big, and they could only find a few people who could enter.

"Your grandpa hid this legendary array very well!" said with a smile. Right now, he and Qin Shuang were inside the big tree’s cave, if Qin Shuang did not use the formation plate to locate them, it would be difficult to discover them.

There were many such huge trees in the Soul Demon Sacred Forest, and it was very vast. Normally, no one in the Soul Demon would notice this big tree.

"Do you want to open the Transmission array now, or wait for the pill spirit to evolve successfully?" Qin Shuang asked. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"Let’s just wait for them to evolve. They won’t be able to catch up to that old woman no matter what." Chen Xiang knew that he had already been left far behind by the Roc Old Ancestor, so if he wanted to find him, he could only go to the Tao-creation Place.

"Alright!" Qin Shuang could also wait, because once a Pill Spirit succeeded in evolving, it meant that there would be an endless amount of Crystal emperor in the future.

After Qin Shuang and Chen Xiang left the Transmission array, they made a secret cave in a large tree nearby. Chen Xiang wanted to refine a Crystal emperor inside.

Chen Xiang would use the Time Domain when he was refining pills, and he wouldn’t have to wait for many days when he entered the You Yao Mountain Villa to successfully refine it.

"It’s time to start refining this boring thing again."

Chen Xiang took out Tianchuang furnace and a large pile of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals and began to refine them.

"I got it, I can go and comprehend the Tao-creation’s incantation!" ’s eyes lit up. Now that he had comprehended the first layer of the Tao-creation’s incantation, he could instantly use his energy to draw the perfect Tao-creation’s incantation.

"Let me try to see if I can comprehend the second stage of the Tao-creation’s Incantation in a short amount of time." Chen Xiang poured his consciousness into the Six Realms mirrors, searching for the Tao-creation’s incantation.

The second stage of the Tao-creation’s Incantation was only one more stroke. Although it was only two strokes in total, it gave Chen Xiang a headache.

"The first layer of the Tao-creation’s Incantation has the attributes of all kinds of powers. I wonder what the second layer of the Tao-creation’s Incantation will be like? I’m really looking forward to it! "

The first level of the Tao-creation’s Incantation was able to directly absorb the untouchable power of the world, and then turn it into an even stronger type of energy. For example, lightning, fire, water, frost, tremors, earth, and so on, these were all commonly seen in nature.

Furthermore, Chen Xiang was able to stack these incantations together. For example, if he were to stack the thunderfire on top of the thunderfire, it would cause the energy that he released to become even more berserk! If the water, frost, and wind superimposed on each other, it would create a terrifying snowstorm. If the lightning was superimposed on each other, it would be like a thunderstorm. It would be even more terrifying.

Chen Xiang was only able to stack them together, but he had never used them before.

When he comprehended the second stage of the Tao-creation’s Incantation, time passed very quickly. He had already refined five Crystal emperor, but he had not even managed to comprehend a single second stage.

"The second stage of the Tao-creation’s Incantation is different from the first stage! The nine Tao-creation Incantations of the first layer do not have any commonalities, and the nine Tao-creation Incantations of the second layer, from the simplest to the most complicated, all have certain commonalities. Therefore, the two Tao-creation Incantations of the second layer should be able to release the same type of energy. "

Chen Xiang judged from the outline of the Tao-creation Incantation.

"If I can comprehend the simplest one, then it will be much simpler. At that time, I won’t need too much time."

This made Chen Xiang even more curious about what kind of energy the second Tao-creation Incantation could release.

The refined five Crystal emperor had already been given to Jiang Lisi to eat. It would take her a lot of time to refine them, and it had only been three days outside.

Chen Xiang had used the Triple time field, and was currently in the middle stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, so the burden of using the Triple time field would not be too great.