Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

To Chen Xiang, comprehending the Tao-creation’s incantation was just a waste of time. He was already familiar with the way to refine the Crystal emperor, and was able to distract himself from comprehending the Tao-creation’s incantation.

However, what made Chen Xiang feel depressed was that even though he had spent sixty-five years in the Time Domain, he was still unable to comprehend a second stage Tao-creation Incantation. He was always unable to successfully condense a Tao-creation Incantation using his superior power.

"Why is it so hard? It’s so much more difficult than the first stage. " Previously, when Chen Xiang went to comprehend the first stage of the Tao-creation’s Incantation, he felt that it wouldn’t be difficult enough to reach the second stage.

Chen Xiang could only continue to comprehend. He had already refined a total of ten Crystal emperor, and the quality of the Crystal emperor he refined was the best. This was mainly to ensure that the pill spirit could evolve successfully! Right now, the quality of the Crystal emperor that he was refining was much higher than the one that he was refining at the beginning. According to Qin Shuang, it was already at the same level as the Super Yang Old Ancestor.

In the blink of an eye, Chen Xiang had refined another five Crystal emperor for Jiang Lisi to eat.

Since it had already begun, he could only continue.

To comprehend the Tao-creation’s incantation, one had to use their own proud strength to perfectly create a Tao-creation’s incantation. It required grace and nature, and even if there was a deviation, it would still be unable to succeed.

Chen Xiang didn’t remember how many of them he condensed over the years. They all looked the same, no different from the Tao-creation’s incantations. However, the Tao-creation’s incantations he condensed never lived to see the end, they were all dead.

If the complete Tao-creation Incantation was formed, the Tao-creation Incantation would have a chance to come to life and release the unique power of the Tao-creation Incantation.

"I can’t be irritable. I have to calm down. Calm down, calm down!" Chen Xiang told himself that if his mood was too bad, he would only fail more and more.

Chen Xiang had stayed in the Time Domain for more than ten years, and this time, the Tao-creation Incantation he condensed finally had a reaction, which made him wild with joy.

"Tao-creation Incantation succeeded! What is this Tao-creation Incantation? " Chen Xiang stared at the Tao-creation Incantation he had successfully formed, and started to tremble slightly.

"Shock Power?" Chen Xiang frowned: "That’s not right, the vibrating power is not like this. Furthermore, I have also cast the Shock Tao-creation Incantation before, so there shouldn’t be any more in the second stage of the Incantation!"

Just when Chen Xiang was feeling suspicious, the Tao-creation Incantation suddenly expanded and then contracted. The aura it was releasing right now was extremely shocking to Chen Xiang!

"Self-improvement!" Chen Xiang took a deep breath.

The Tao-creation’s Incantation was formed using Chen Xiang’s proud power, but that Tao-creation’s Incantation was able to increase its power by one fold after a short period of time!

"Could it be that the attribute is increased?" is it able to double your own energy? " Chen Xiang was very excited: "If that’s the case, if I were to inscribe the Tao-creation’s incantation on it while refining the pellet, wouldn’t it double the quality of my pellet?"

Chen Xiang looked at the remaining eight Tao-creation Incantation s inside the Six Realms mirrors. He was certain that the Tao-creation Incantation had double the attribute, it’s just that the increase in attribute would be more than that.

For example, the second stage of the Tao-creation’s Incantation could be increased by two times!

"Hurry and try it, put it on the Crystal emperor!" Coincidentally, Chen Xiang had an Crystal emperor that was about to succeed. At that moment, he only needed to use the melted Crystal emperor to condense the Tao-creation Incantation.

Although the Crystal emperor was sturdy, it had turned into liquid under Chen Xiang’s berserk flames.

Chen Xiang followed the feeling just now and used a strong power to turn the Crystal emperor he was about to form into a second stage Tao-creation Incantation.

"It’s a success!" Chen Xiang looked at the Tao-creation Incantation that the Crystal emperor had turned into, and looked at it with great anticipation.

The Crystal emperor in the shape of a Tao-creation Incantation started to tremble, after that it started to spew out a burst of Qi, and in an instant it became twice as strong, it was equivalent to two Crystal emperor!

Chen Xiang immediately heated up the Crystal emperor, compressing it a little, when compressing it, its quality would also increase a little.

Although the shape of the Crystal emperor had already become square, what was strange was that inside the Crystal emperor, there was actually a second stage Tao-creation Incantation that was as thin as a strand of hair.

"The Tao-creation’s incantation is still kept inside. It’s really magical." Chen Xiang passed this piece of Crystal emperor to Su Meiyao, and then told Su Meiyao to let them know that he had succeeded in comprehending the second stage of the Tao-creation’s Incantation. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

She had also seen the first stage of the Tao-creation’s Incantation that Chen Xiang had condensed a few times. She and Su Meiyao had both tried to condense it, but they had never succeeded.

After Jiang Lisi absorbed the Crystal emperor, he exclaimed: "What a strong wave of energy!"

Right now, Jiang Lisi had only eaten the sixteenth Crystal emperor, but she said, "Big Brother Chen Xiang, I might be able to evolve after eating this ..."

"This Crystal emperor is probably only equivalent to the last two or three pills ... "It’s not enough for you to evolve." Chen Xiang was extremely curious.

"No, after eating it, for some reason, I don’t know why, but it suddenly doubled." Jiang Lisi also felt that it was strange, she felt that the previous five or six Crystal emperor that she absorbed were all like this.

Following that, she described her feelings in detail!

Su Meiyao said, "It must be the doing of the thin Tao-creation Incantation hidden inside the Crystal emperor. After Li Li absorbed it into her body, the thin Incantation is still in use, merging together with the refined Tao-creation Incantation and increasing the power of the refined Tao-creation Incantation by another fold. This Tao-creation Incantation is truly terrifying."

Chen Xiang himself was very surprised, he now understood why the weapon that Gu Tong refined was so terrifying, but that was only adding a Tao-creation Incantation.

"Energy increase multiple times ..." This is the power of the second stage Tao-creation’s Incantation. I wonder what the third stage of the Tao-creation’s Incantation will be like. " Chen Xiang was extremely curious. He felt that even if he did not comprehend all two Tao-creation’s incantations, he would still be able to comprehend the third Tao-creation’s incantation.

Jiang Lisi had successfully evolved. She was able to condense two Crystal emperor s a day, and it was as if she was laying eggs with them. Chen Xiang then placed her and Jiang Sihua into the Time Domain.

With their speed of only four pellets a day, it only took them five days to condense twenty Crystal emperor s for Su Meiyao’s Elixir Spirit Su Yao to eat. With three pellets successfully evolved, if necessary, they could make six Crystal emperor s a day.

"Damn it, if anyone dares to bully me in the future, I will smash their uncle with my Crystal emperor." Chen Xiang laughed foolishly while holding the six Crystal emperor in his hands. He had endured in the Time Domain for so many years and his efforts had not been in vain.

Although Qin Shuang was shocked, she was already used to it. She came out from the You Yao Mountain Villa, placed the Crystal emperor into a groove on top of the Transmission array and then activated the Transmission array.

"I wonder where I’ll go. I’m really looking forward to it!" Qin Shuang was done, the Transmission array had already been activated.