Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

After the opening of the Transmission array, Chen Xiang and Qin Shuang immediately went to the other Transmission array, and this place was still within the Soul Demon Sacred Forest.

"He hasn’t left the Soul Demon Sacred Forest!" Chen Xiang looked around to see that there were still many trees, and sighed helplessly.

"I also don’t know why Grandfather wants to get a Transmission array here!" Qin Shuang thought that he could teleport out of the Soul Demon Sacred Forest. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors and said: "You can enter the You Yao Mountain Villa. I’ll take a walk around and see if there’s anything special about this place."

The Soul Demon Sacred Forest was very big, he must have his reasons for creating a Transmission array, but he just hasn’t discovered it yet.

Qin Shuang had already entered the You Yao Mountain Villa. Chen Xiang rode on his Six Realms mirrors and walked through numerous huge trees, these trees were huge ancient trees that reached into the sky, and the trees looked much larger than the ones he had seen before.

"The trees here are much larger, could this be another region of the Soul Demon Sacred Forest? Could it be that the Soul Demon and the humans have never come to this place before? "

Chen Xiang thought to himself. He continued to control the Six Realms mirrors to fly and not long later, he saw a lot of water appearing in front of him.

The huge tree in front of him was submerged in water and he had arrived at a sea area!

Trees grew in the water. A third of the giant trees were submerged in water, while the trees were still green and green. It was obvious that the water didn’t make the trees wither. On the contrary, it made them taller and more resilient.

"I really came to a different area." After Chen Xiang traversed across the water area for a while, he realized that he was surrounded by water. It was endless, and huge trees could be seen everywhere.

"I wonder if there are any Soul Demon s here!" Chen Xiang said.

"We’ll know when we take a look. The energy here seems to be stronger than in the previous region. If there’s a Soul Demon here, then it must be a very strong one. I wonder what kind of place this is." Qin Shuang said. She had already reached the top of the Six Realms mirrors and used her jade hands to splash on the clear water.

"Hey!" There seems to be something down there! " Qin Shuang frowned and said: "Quick, look, it’s a dot of light, not small!"

Chen Xiang immediately looked towards the underwater area where Qin Shuang was pointing at.

"Could this be the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul?" Chen Xiang said in shock, "If it’s the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul ... Why did it appear here, and why is it so big! "

"The World Defying Stage Fierce Soul is not only big, it’s also not many!" Qin Shuang let Chen Xiang look around.

Chen Xiang let the Six Realms mirrors fly everywhere and discovered that there would be World Defying Stage Fierce Soul emerging from the water from time to time. They were all the same size.

"Could these be the World Defying Stage Soul River’s rivers?" Chen Xiang shouted in shock, "If it’s really like this, once night falls, this place will be in danger."

Qin Shuang also did not understand Soul Demon Sacred Forest, so she could not be sure what was going on!

There was the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul below, and it was not weak either. Chen Xiang did not dare to venture further, otherwise, it would be extremely dangerous.

"I can only continue to look for the Transmission array." Qin Shuang said: "My grandfather should have kept the Transmission array here!"

She took out the small formation plate and began to sense it.

Chen Xiang let the Six Realms mirrors fly all over the place, and he started to feel more and more that this place was not simple.

"There’s no reaction. This really is a sinister place." Qin Shuang said as his brows furrowed, "I feel that there’s a huge difference here compared to the previous Soul Demon Sacred Forest, but I can’t tell where."

Chen Xiang could only fly around and search for the Soul Demon.

At night, he originally thought that the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul would come out of the water, but it did not, which made him feel more at ease. The World Defying Stage Fierce Soul here was so big, if all of them came out, it would still be terrifying.

In the next few days, Chen Xiang kept searching all over the place for the Soul Demon, and he was not disappointed.

"There’s a tree hole in the tree in front of us. It looks like it was created by a living creature." Chen Xiang saw a tree hole from afar, and the tree hole wasn’t small either.

When he got closer, he noticed that there were even more trees behind the tree. They all had holes in them, as if they were a tribe living in this place, or perhaps this place was more like a city.

Chen Xiang had already activated the Counter Power to make himself invisible, he still did not know what that race was like. If it was that type of bloodthirsty nature, he would not need to show his face, and if it was normal and he could communicate with others, he could go and ask.

When the invisible Chen Xiang entered this area, it was already very quiet. It was already noon, which made him feel a little strange.

"Is this place empty? Have you already moved? " Chen Xiang didn’t find it strange that there was such a doubt in his heart. It had been half a day, yet this place was so quiet.

Just as he was thinking this, something flew out from the tree hole and fell into the water.

Upon closer inspection, Chen Xiang saw that the object that fell out was a person, his entire body seemed to have been smeared with a pitch-black substance. After falling into the water, the calm surface of the water suddenly rose and fell.

Crash! *

A huge object suddenly flew out of the water and entered a pitch black crocodile. Just that mouth of the crocodile was several Zhang long. The person covered in black substance seemed very small in that mouth, barely enough to fill the gaps between his teeth.

Yes, that person was swallowed by the crocodile!

When the Giant Alligator returned to the water, Chen Xiang took a deep breath. Just now, the Giant Alligator had only stuck its head out, but it was extremely huge.

After Chen Xiang regained his senses, he looked at the big trees around him. Many people were standing at the entrance of the cave, looking at the scene just now.

Of course, Chen Xiang was not sure if it was a human or not now. From the way they were dressed, they didn’t look like the old kind. They all knew how to make pretty clothes, but why would they want to live in a tree hole?

"This is what happens when you break the rules here. No matter which race you come from, as long as you violate the rules that we set, you will be thrown down to the fishes." An old man stood at the entrance of a tree and said loudly.

~ It actually is some Ancient Wolf Race, it doesn’t sound like a human!

It turned out that he had received a punishment and was thrown into the water to be fed to the fishes. It could be seen that the giant crocodile was very powerful, and there were definitely many of these giant crocodiles here.

"This place should be able to accommodate other races!" Chen Xiang made up his mind. He would go and take a look inside a tree hole, it was just that his Six Realms mirrors wasn’t flying high enough, he would need a very short tree hole before he could enter the big tree.

Chen Xiang continued to fly around chaotically, when he suddenly saw a group of people standing on the back of a huge black alligator.

"The giant crocodiles here should be raised by that Ancient Wolf Race or something." Chen Xiang understood.