Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang also quietly went into the tree cave now. He saw those people coming down from the tree hole, then walk up a flight of stairs and enter the top of the big tree.

The trees here were very far apart, but because the crown of the trees was very large, most of them were connected. The thick branches could be linked together to reach every tree.

Chen Xiang had already appeared and walked up the stairs. At this time, he was inside the trunk of the huge tree.

"The trees here are like huge buildings! This is not bad, in case I have to build a house or something. " When Chen Xiang arrived at the top, he found it to be a bustling market. The interior of the tree trunk was still very big, and this floor could accommodate more than ten thousand people.

What Chen Xiang saw here were only humans, compared to the half human, half beast Soul Demon s that he had seen before.

"What exactly is this place?" Chen Xiang was extremely curious, he could only continue to go up and find a suitable place to ask.

All the way up, Chen Xiang finally arrived at a place to drink tea.

This place was no longer used for trading with the Myriad Tao Divine Soil, but used Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals.

After taking a sip of tea, he could not help but sigh in admiration as he felt the mellow taste of the tea entering his mouth and the warm flow flowing through his body.

"I don’t know how to make it. It tastes so good!" Chen Xiang happily drank a few cups, then ordered two pots to be placed inside You Yao Mountain Villa to let the girls have a taste.

Even though drinking tea didn’t bring about any improvement, it brought a sense of relaxation to the mind. It was a type of enjoyment that allowed one to relax.

"It’s delicious, it seems like people here really know how to enjoy themselves! "Little Scoundrel, hurry up and go look for something. Is there anything to eat here?" Long Xueyi asked anxiously, she was a gluttonous dragon, and loved to eat delicious things.

When Chen Xiang was drinking his tea, he saw an old man in poverty come in and asked for the most ordinary tea. Chen Xiang immediately took his pot of the best tea and went over.

"Old mister, you are by yourself and I am by myself. Why don’t we all sit together at a table?" Chen Xiang politely smiled.

The old man wore very simple and unadorned clothes. His gray clothes were slightly old and white, but he was full of energy, giving off a very lively feeling.

"Very much so!" Even if the old man did not see Chen Xiang’s expensive tea leaves, he was still very willing. After all, many people despised a bad old man like him.

"Kid Chen Xiang, how should I address you?" Chen Xiang said as he poured a cup of tea for the old man.

"Xue Wenbo!" The old man chuckled. "Young man, from your aura, it seems that you aren’t of the Soul Race!"

"Old Xue really has good eyesight. You actually saw through it." Chen Xiang’s heart trembled as he laughed: "I just arrived at this place and do not understand many things. I wonder if Elder Xue can tell me a little?"

"You must be from the human race!" In here, there are differences between the human and Soul races. I’m a human, but I’ve been here for a long time. " Xue Wenbo said: "So you do not have to worry too much, this Ancient Wolf Race is not bad, and will not have any enmity towards humans."

"What kind of existence is the Soul Race?" Chen Xiang asked softly, worried that he would be beaten up by the nearby Soul Race people.

"Cough cough ..." They were all formed from the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul. " Xue Wenbo never thought that Chen Xiang would actually not even know this.

"So that’s how it is!" Chen Xiang finally understood that they were only of Soul Demon, but because their transformation was extremely thorough, they looked exactly the same as humans, and they were called Soul Clan.

"Old Xue, the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul in the water seems to be quite large!" Chen Xiang said again, because the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul he had seen before wasn’t really that big.

"This is the World Defying Stage Soul River of the third floor, he’s definitely not small." Xue Wenbo laughed and drank a cup of tea. As he poured for himself, he also poured for Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang was startled, this was actually the World Defying Stage Soul River of the third floor!

There were actually many powerful races here. He really did not expect that the Transmission array would actually teleport them to the third level of World Defying Stage Soul River. Super Yang Old Ancestor’s Transmission array was indeed useful.

Qin Shuang was also quite shocked. Previously, they had thought that those who were still in Soul Demon Sacred Forest, were only thinking that they had left the vicinity of Roc Race. They hadn’t thought that they would actually come to the third floor.

"Old Xue, have you heard of Tao-creation Place?" Chen Xiang asked again. All the Soul Demon s on the first floor had heard of this place, so they were sure that the humans and Soul Clans here had heard of it as well.

"Of course I’ve heard of it. That place is the sixth floor, World Defying Stage Soul River, at the very top!" Xue Wenbo looked above and said: "There are still two World Defying Stage Soul River s between us. Without sufficient strength, it will be difficult to reach them!"

"What kind of strength does it usually take to get there?" Chen Xiang asked. He was in a hurry to find the Super Yang Old Ancestor and Roc Old Ancestor.

He also did not know that the Roc Old Ancestor was currently up there. If he were to head towards the Tao-creation Place, he would have to pass through here.

"He must be at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage, and this is barely enough." Xue Wenbo shook his head and said: "I’m not too sure about the specifics, I have never tried it, I am only at the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage now, so I do not dare to try, it’s very dangerous."

Chen Xiang felt that if he were to go there, it would not be too hard. If the Super Yang Old Ancestor left behind the Transmission array, he would only need to use up a little bit of the Crystal emperor.

Although Xue Wenbo looked to be down and out, his temperament made Chen Xiang feel that he was once glorious. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"Old Xue, are you a hidden expert?" Chen Xiang laughed: "You have quite the imposing manner, it shouldn’t be like this."

Xue Wenbo laughed self-deprecatingly: "I do not need to hide my name ... I just left the place where I once stood and came here to meditate. "

"Can you tell me something? "It seems like you were once an influential figure, Old Xue." Chen Xiang was extremely curious, and asked for a pot of even better tea.

"Since you’re treating me to tea, I’ll tell you. Just don’t laugh at me." Xue Wenbo was indeed an old man with a story.

"Of course I wouldn’t laugh at you!" Chen Xiang said.

"Human and Soul Race are very different, you should know that right? The human race was not in the same region as the Soul Race. The Soul Clans were all grouped together in the same species, such as the Ancient Wolf Race. What tiger clan, sword clan, and sword clan are all like that. "

Chen Xiang nodded, it was only now that he realized, there were swords and blades within the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, the kind of Madness soul that could also transform into human forms.

"Humans, on the other hand, like to build cities, build empires, build sects, and rope in all sorts of like-minded people to create a powerful force." As Xue Wenbo spoke till here, he could not help but sigh. "I was once the emperor of an empire!"