Although Chen Xiang knew that Xue Wenbo was not ordinary, he never thought that Xue Wenbo had ever reached such a peak.

"The human race has more than ten empires, and I am the emperor of the Snow Cloud Imperial Country. My strength should be ranked fifth and fourth, right?" Xue Wenbo said: "The inheritance of the Snow Cloud Imperial Country does not have to be passed on to our descendants, it can also be passed on to the Emperor’s outstanding disciples or to the people around who are capable."

"And I took over my master’s position, and became the emperor. At that time, there were many royal relatives who did not accept me and wanted to seize power from me. In the end, I had no choice but to capture them and expel them from the Snow Cloud Imperial Country."

When Chen Xiang heard this, he said, "Old Xue, it seems like you weren’t a qualified person to wield this power. Even though it was extremely cruel, you should have exterminated all of them at that time, eliminating any future troubles."

Xue Wenbo let out a long sigh, drank a cup of tea and nodded: "Indeed so. I am too soft-hearted and merciful, so I am not suitable to be the emperor!"

Evidently, Xue Wenbo had been killed by the imperial family that he had let go that day, which was why he was in such dire straits.

"I have no children, and my throne will be passed down to my disciple. I treat him as my own son, and in the future, the throne will definitely belong to him. However, I have ignored human nature." Xue Wenbo said: "Because he was in love with the royal daughter whom I kicked out of the Snow Cloud Imperial Country. Under the royal daughter’s instigation, he usurped the throne ahead of time and used poison on me."

Chen Xiang asked with furrowed brows: "Old Xue, then has your poison been detoxified yet?"

Xue Wenbo nodded his head: "It has already been cured, this poison has troubled me for hundreds of years, I only cured it last year, after a period of time, I will be able to recover my strength."

To be able to become the emperor of an empire in the human world, Xue Wenbo definitely had to possess powerful strength. He must be at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage.

"Your disciple is pretty human too. He let you go, didn’t he?" Chen Xiang said.

"I ran away by myself. He wanted to kill me." Xue Wenbo’s expression was calm. All these years, he had seen everything.

"Your disciple shouldn’t have a cultivation at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage, right? Could he also be the emperor of the Snow Cloud Imperial Country? Will others admire him? " Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course not, but don’t forget the royal daughter who was with him, she is in control of the situation now, and the royal relatives have all returned, the entire Snow Cloud Imperial Country is under their control, because they were extremely greedy, causing the entire Snow Cloud Imperial Country to be filled with complaints, and quite a few people have already left the Snow Cloud Imperial Country."

"Later on, in order to prevent people from leaving, they even sealed every place in the city and did not allow them to leave as they pleased. If they wanted to leave, they had to pay a large amount of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals."

Xue Wenbo hated himself for being indecisive in the beginning, otherwise, he would not have allowed Snow Cloud Imperial Country to become like this. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Old Xue, do you have any plans to return?" Now that the Snow Cloud Imperial Country has become like this, you have a lot of responsibility, so I have let down the hopes that your master had for you. " Chen Xiang’s words caused Xue Wenbo to sink into grief.

At first, he didn’t want to be one of them, but there was a reason why his master didn’t hand over the throne to those imperial relatives. It was mainly because he was too greedy, so even Xue Wenbo himself couldn’t not give the throne to those greedy people.

In the end, Xue Wenbo could only do it himself, but he made the wrong decision, which was to let go of that group of greedy fellows. Just like what Chen Xiang said just now, with his character, he was not suitable to be the emperor.

"I have plans to go back, but not now." Xue Wenbo said: "All these years of travelling, I just wanted to see if I can win over some people, but I did not succeed. The Soul Race definitely would not participate in battles like these humans, and the others are not willing to take the risk."

Chen Xiang said in a low voice: "It’s not that the Soul Race does not want to participate, it’s just that without sufficient benefits, they would not do such a thing."

Xue Wenbo thought for a moment, then nodded: "Indeed."

It’s not good, who would do this with you, Xue Wenbo already had a plan, they would accumulate wealth, only then would he be able to have the Soul Clan attack the Snow Cloud Imperial Country together with him.

"I have an idea, but I don’t know if anyone believes it." Xue Wenbo suddenly said, he suddenly felt that Chen Xiang knew a lot about fighting and power, at least he knew more about it than him.

"What idea?" Chen Xiang asked quickly.

"There is a forbidden grounds inside the Snow Cloud Imperial Country. This forbidden grounds is very difficult to enter, but my master had entered this place before, and he has not appeared since he entered." Xue Wenbo said: "My master said before, there is an ancient Transmission array in the forbidden grounds. It can release a strong power of space and teleport people to the fifth floor of World Defying Stage Soul River, which is even closer to the sixth floor."

The sixth floor was the Tao-creation Place. If he could reach the fifth floor all of a sudden, that would be a very good thing.

"I will announce this to the public and cause chaos in the Snow Cloud Imperial Country’s Imperial Palace. At that time, I can take advantage of it." Xue Wenbo said: "But the prerequisite is that I need to have sufficient strength, and that someone must believe me."

The ancient Transmission array s that could be teleported were obviously left behind by the Super Yang Old Ancestor and the others. Furthermore, there was also a barrier protecting them.

"Old Xue, I can help you!" "But don’t tell anyone about the forbidden area." Chen Xiang suddenly said.

"Oh?" Xue Wenbo saw that Chen Xiang was only around the middle stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, but he could actually help him.

"I have this!" Chen Xiang quietly took out a piece of Crystal emperor and said: "There are very few of these here right?"

Chen Xiang wanted to go to the forbidden grounds, and he wanted to open Transmission array to go to the fifth floor of the World Defying Stage Soul River.

Xue Wenbo took a deep breath, this was a Crystal emperor, it was indeed rare here, there were a total of 10 in Snow Cloud Imperial Country, he had obtained 2 small pieces previously, but he used them to cultivate in the end.

Although a large amount of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals circulated in this place, there were very few naturally born Crystal emperor, and all of them needed to be refined. What he obtained from the son of the City Lord of the almighty Sacred City, Cheng Shaoren, was only a very small piece, which was naturally born.

Chen Xiang was very big. Although it was only emitting a weak light, in Xue Wenbo’s eyes, it was almost blinding.

"You must have some motive to help me." Xue Wenbo said as he kept the Crystal emperor.

"I need to enter the Transmission array. I want to go to the fifth floor of the World Defying Stage Soul River." Chen Xiang said: "That forbidden area is obviously inside the Imperial Palace. Only if you capture the Emperor’s seat will I have time to test how I can enter the forbidden area."

"Good!" But how exactly are you going to help me? " Xue Wenbo asked.

"I’ll give you ten of those stones, is it enough for you to recruit soldiers?" Chen Xiang laughed.

"Enough!" Xue Wenbo was shocked. Chen Xiang actually had ten pieces, who knew where he got them from.

This book begins with 17K, the first time you look at the original content!

inclusion = " ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidc; padding: 15px20px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {margin: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tMicrosoft Yahoo; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; mardin-bottom: 5px;}

Scan 2-D code to pay attention to 17K official WeChat, the latest chapter can also be seen on WeChat! Click on the top right corner of WeChat + sign, choose add friends, search public number "wap17K" to pay attention to us. Reply to "Big Awards + your QQ number" to participate in the event. 10 iphone6, 10,000 QQ members waiting for you to receive!