"Sit!" The Night lone wolf said coldly.

Before Chen Xiang came, he already knew the personality of this Night lone wolf, so he didn’t think much of it. After all, it was already pretty good for a strong Ranker like him to make him sit.

After Xue Wenbo and Chen Xiang sat down, the Night lone wolf also sat on a large chair.

"What is it, speak!" The Night lone wolf spoke very briefly as if she was cherishing a piece of gold.

All those who came here to look for Night lone wolf had something to do. If they didn’t know the Night lone wolf well, they would most likely be thrown out if they came here to chat with him. If they were serious, they might be hung by the tree entrance to show off their skills.

"I was once the emperor of the Snow Cloud Imperial Country!" Xue Wenbo said: "I want to fight my way back, get back the throne, and control the Snow Cloud Palace!"

"It’s very difficult, I won’t do it!" The Night lone wolf said immediately. It seemed that the moment he heard Xue Wenbo’s name, he already knew who Xue Wenbo was.

"This is the reward!" Xue Wenbo took out the Crystal emperor that Chen Xiang had given him. "Furthermore, I will look for other helpers, and you aren’t the only one! After a period of time, I will be able to recover my strength. From my new peak Aoshi Holy Stage cultivation, I will be able to participate in battles. "

The Night lone wolf looked at the Crystal emperor in Xue Wenbo’s hands, and its two ice-cold eyes seemed to ignite with flames. This was something that he needed the most.

The Night lone wolf was very strong, Chen Xiang felt that this piece of Crystal emperor was a little stingy. After that, he acted on his own accord and took out a piece of Crystal emperor, throwing it over to the Night lone wolf: "This piece is for you in advance.

To him, three Young girl Danling could condense quite a few Crystal emperor each day. He only wanted the Night lone wolf to be more at ease and join in so that he could take down the Snow Cloud Palace as soon as possible.

Two Crystal emperor s, and they were of the best quality! The Night lone wolf had also seen Crystal emperor before, but those Crystal emperor were very small. Their quality was not too good either, far less than the one Chen Xiang gave them.

"How many people are you looking for?" The Night lone wolf was already moved. After all, they were two high quality Crystal emperor. If he wanted to go collect them himself, who knows how long it would take.

"At least eight!" Xue Wenbo was not sure either, "Because I don’t know if I can find enough!"

"How much is the reward?" The Night lone wolf asked again.

"At least one of these Crystal emperor, if they were as strong as you, I can give two of them to you." Xue Wenbo said.

"Give me ten Crystal emperor, and I’ll help you find another ten." After the Night lone wolf finished speaking, it added: "I want to join as well!"

Xue Wenbo looked at Chen Xiang.

"No problem, but I’ll give it to you when I’m done." Chen Xiang obviously had enough Crystal emperor s now.

"I’ll see you in a month!" The Night lone wolf said.

Xue Wenbo nodded, and then left with Chen Xiang.

"Night lone wolf are indeed very strong, the person he chose should also be his friend." Chen Xiang said.

"Yes, although he has an eccentric personality, he still has many friends!" I think he will most likely swallow those Crystal emperor. " Xue Wenbo laughed: "He probably owes him a favor by calling his friends over."

Night lone wolf was obsessed with the way of weapons, and needed a large amount of materials to refine. He was also very curious as to why Chen Xiang had so many Crystal emperor, but he just did not ask.

"Old Xue, are you able to recover in one month?" At that time, Chen Xiang would not fight, he was only waiting for Xue Wenbo and the others to succeed, then he would go to the Snow Cloud Palace.

"It’s okay, so from now on I have to go into closed door cultivation as well." Xue Wenbo said.

After Xue Wenbo entered his room, Chen Xiang also left his tree cave. He wanted to take a walk around the Ancient Wolf Race.

"I wonder if there are any pills here!" Chen Xiang had forgotten to ask Xue Wenbo earlier.

"I don’t think so. After all, this isn’t a place for humans. The Soul Race definitely wouldn’t study this kind of thing." Su Meiyao said.

Chen Xiang asked everywhere and it was indeed the case.

However, he discovered that the Ancient Wolf Race was extremely proficient in smithing, which surprised him a little. He thought that the Night lone wolf was obsessed with weapons as an exception, but he never expected that the entire Ancient Wolf Race was like this.

He came to the core area of the Ancient Wolf Race, where the dozens of trees were the largest, and where shops were opened by members of the Ancient Wolf Race, making the place extremely lively.

Most of Ancient Wolf Race’s shops were various divine tools. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Chen Xiang went to take a look. There were a lot of different kinds of God Equipment refined in the Ancient Wolf Race. There were all kinds of different God Weapons and God Defensive Armor.

Only, he did not see that what he was satisfied with was that Long Xueyi and the others were all using divine tools refined by Xue Xianxian and the others.

"Ancient Wolf Race is really a strange race!" Chen Xiang exclaimed as he walked out of a large divine tool shop.

There were indeed no medicine stores here, because the World Defying Stage Soul River s of the third floor were all made of water and it was difficult for them to produce all sorts of strange flowers and herbs.

In this regard, Chen Xiang could only give up. If he wanted to refine a better pill, then he would need a higher grade of ingredients.

"Maybe the Tao-creation Place will have it!" Su Meiyao said: "I just don’t know when I’ll be able to get there."

"We’ll be there soon." Chen Xiang said: "This will require the Night lone wolf and the others, I hope that my Crystal emperor was not spent in vain."

Chen Xiang still had two Tao-creation Holy stone s in his possession, but no one helped him refine them.

In the following month, Chen Xiang strolled around Ancient Wolf Race. He mainly just ate and drank, because Long Xueyi liked to eat and drink the most.

When Chen Xiang returned to his tree cave, he found that Xue Wenbo had also come out of his closed doors cultivation, and his aura had grown stronger as well.

"Old Xue, I won’t be participating in the battle then. I’ll just wait nearby for your good news." Chen Xiang said. He was so weak, and the humans here were all powerful, so his participation in the battle wouldn’t be of much use.

"Of course!" Xue Wenbo laughed, Chen Xiang had given a lot of effort, those Crystal emperor were not so easy to obtain, Chen Xiang had helped him to recruit experts, it was because he was the biggest help.

Xue Wenbo brought Chen Xiang to find Night lone wolf, but the Night lone wolf had already gathered a total of eleven helpers. Adding them all, the ten he brought here with him were both humanoid and soul-type, and all of them were very strong, but they were all wearing masks, obviously not wanting others to know who they were.

"Let’s go!" A person wearing a silver mask quickly walked out. He jumped down from the tree hole and transformed into a huge, winged silver wolf. This was a Wolf eagle, it could fly!

The Wolf eagle’s back was huge, and standing under twenty odd men was not a problem, not to mention Chen Xiang and the rest, who together only had around a dozen.

"Up!" The Night lone wolf was the first to jump onto the back of the Wolf eagle, and then everyone else quickly followed.

After going up, everyone sat down. The Wolf eagle had a very soft layer of silver fur, so it was very comfortable to sit on it.