Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

The Wolf eagle flapped its wings and flew through the forest. Luckily, the giant trees here were far away, otherwise, it would really be difficult to spread its wings.

Arriving at a place without any branches or leaves, the Wolf eagle finally flew to the top of the forest.

With a Wolf eagle flying, they would not need to ride the Ancient Wolf Alligator on the water, if not who knows how long it would take for them to reach the Snow Cloud Imperial Country.

"Let’s go to Blue Snow City first!" The Night lone wolf said.

"Why?" Xue Wenbo asked. "I thought you were going directly to the Snowcloud Imperial City."

"The Blue Snow City is hiding a mysterious power of the Snow Cloud Imperial Country." A person wearing a golden mask said, "This power was secretly developed by the previous Emperor’s descendant! Back then, when they usurped your position, they did not even use this power. Thus, they have been hiding there the entire time. "

The people around the Night lone wolf were all experts, and all of them were very strong. No one knew what kind of people they were, but they actually knew so many things, which was something that Xue Wenbo did not even know about.

"Although the Blue Snow City appears to be an extremely barren place, there are people who secretly send in large amounts of resources every so often. After a bit of investigation, we discovered that there are at least ten peak Aoshi Holy Stage s with strength comparable to us hidden there." The man with the golden mask said again.

"You really shouldn’t have let them go back then." A man with a wooden mask said.

They seemed to know about Xue Wenbo’s situation. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Xue Wenbo could only sigh lightly. This was indeed his fault.

"Then what about the power of the Snow Cloud Palace? Is it strong? With too many Rankers stationed in the Snow Cloud Palace, wouldn’t they destroy the Snow Cloud Palace if they were to fight? " Chen Xiang said, he was worried that they would destroy the forbidden grounds.

"We’ll try to avoid that." The golden-masked man said.

The fellows in the Snow Cloud Palace are also very strong, at least twenty of them are at the peak of the Aoshi Holy Stage, but we will not directly face them. After we kill the people in the Blue Snow City, we will head to the Snowcloud Imperial City, and then we will have a plan to kill them one by one.

"You don’t have to worry too much. We are very experienced at this kind of thing."

These ten masked men were all very strong, moreover, they were not as cold as Night lone wolf s. It was unknown what they usually did, but they were all very secretive.

"Alright!" Xue Wenbo said. He only wanted to make up for his previous mistakes by gaining control of the Snow Cloud Imperial Country.

Chen Xiang, on the other hand, needed that forbidden place. He wanted to go from the Transmission array to the fifth floor of the World Defying Stage Soul River, as that would allow him to be even closer to the Tao-creation Place.

"Big Brother, when will I finish refining that blade?" The golden-masked man asked the Night lone wolf.

"Soon!" The Night lone wolf took out a black long blade and handed it over to the golden-masked man, saying: "Take a look for yourself!"

After receiving it, the masked man took a closer look at it and nodded his head in satisfaction. "Although it is not the finished product, I am very satisfied."

"Very good ... This seems to be the Tao-creation Incantation! " Chen Xiang said in surprise as he brought his head closer to take a look.

This blade was crafted by the Night lone wolf, and the Night lone wolf actually knew the Tao-creation’s Incantation. This made him very surprised.

"You know the Tao-creation’s Incantation?" The Night lone wolf seemed to be even more surprised than Chen Xiang. He thought that only he knew about this kind of thing.

In his eyes, Chen Xiang was already a mysterious being, that kind of quality Crystal emperor, he had never heard of such an extravagant fellow like him if he were to casually give it away, as if he was throwing away a rock.

"A little." Chen Xiang looked at the Tao-creation’s incantation on the blade, and said: "This is a thunder attributed Tao-creation’s incantation, first stage!"

Only the Tao-creation’s Incantation was carved on it, but it was done extremely well. When used, infuse the power of the world into it, and it would be able to release a very strong power of lightning.

"That’s right!" The Night lone wolf became more interested in Chen Xiang, and then he took out a sword, showing Chen Xiang the small Tao-creation Incantation.

"This is Fire Rune!" Chen Xiang said: "These are all the first stage of the Tao-creation’s incantation."

"The second level of the Tao-creation’s Incantation is multiplied, but without sufficient materials, it cannot be inscribed." The Night lone wolf spoke a little more: "Otherwise, if I absorb the power of this world and my power instantly doubles, that kind of instant impact force will cause the divine tool to be destroyed."

Chen Xiang had also seen these weapons just now. Although they had all been added to the Crystal emperor, there weren’t many of them, and it was mainly the Myriad Tao Divine Soil who had a lot of crystals.

"Senior Night lone wolf, then what stage of the Tao-creation’s Incantation can you inscribe into it?" Chen Xiang quickly asked, the Night lone wolf seemed to have mastered the incantations for the second stage Tao-creation.

Everyone never thought that this kind of kid would actually be discussing the path of artifact forging with the Night lone wolf. Of course, they didn’t quite understand what he meant.

"The highest is the ninth stage. I have mastered the third stage, the Tao-creation Incantation." The Night lone wolf said: "The third stage of the Tao-creation’s Incantation is Space! The ancient Transmission array were all laid out using the third stage of the Tao-creation’s incantation. "

The fact that Super Yang Old Ancestor and Gu Tong could arrange Transmission array here showed that they had mastered the third stage of the Tao-creation’s Incantation.

Chen Xiang was curious about the third stage of the Tao-creation’s Incantation just now!

"So that’s how it is." Chen Xiang said.

"Do you also learn the Tao-creation’s incantations?" The Night lone wolf asked: Who taught you?

"I taught myself!" Chen Xiang laughed bitterly: "Right now, I can only grasp the second stage and the first stage of the Tao-creation Incantation."

"Very good!" The Night lone wolf’s eyes revealed a look of admiration, because Chen Xiang was only at the middle stage of Aoshi Holy Stage as well.

Chen Xiang looked at the blade and said, "I feel that the Tao-creation Incantation for this blade can be superimposed on the flames and vibrations. During battle, when the power is released, the thunder and flames would vibrate.

"Overlay?" The Night lone wolf did not think of this before, it could be seen that the person who taught him the Tao-creation’s Incantation was extremely stone-cold. If he had been the one to learn it, he would definitely have a lot of thoughts.

"Is that okay?" The Night lone wolf was suddenly very interested, because it had never crossed his mind before.

"Of course you can!" Chen Xiang conjured a fire incantation in the air, added to it was a thunder incantation and the last one was a vibration incantation. He combined the three incantations together and looked extremely natural.

The Night lone wolf could see the spirit, while Xue Wenbo and the masked men were also shocked by the power.

"Hehe, let’s see the results!" Chen Xiang struck towards the sky, causing the power to explode in midair.

BOOM!

After the ball of energy exploded in the air, flames spewed out in all four directions, bringing along thick streaks of fire and lightning. The shock wave swept out in all directions.

A shockwave pressed down from the sky, crushing the branches and leaves of the trees below. The tree trunks were directly shattered by the shockwave, and the water below surged, forming huge waves that rushed in all directions.

"This... This power is close to the peak of the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage. " Xue Wenbo was extremely shocked: "If it hit me, I might get injured."

The Night lone wolf and the masked men thought so as well. Chen Xiang was only a brat in the middle stages of Aoshi Holy Stage, yet he could release such a strong power.

The Night lone wolf was also inspired, staring at the blade, as if it had plans to refine something new.