Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

When Chen Xiang heard the Crown Prince’s words, he knew that the internal strife in the Snow Cloud Imperial Country had already begun. Otherwise, the Crown Prince wouldn’t have pulled him in so fast just to fight against the other powers that were stronger than him.

As a crown prince, he might not be able to become the emperor, but he would definitely be able to stabilize his own strength.

"We can’t allow them to enter the Blue Snow City. Maybe we will destroy the plans of the Night lone wolf." Chen Xiang said to Bai Youyou: "Miss You You You, what do you think we should do?"

"Stop them!" The Night lone wolf and the rest definitely would not have expected that the crown prince would send such a gift ... The current situation is that we do not know how many people this crown prince has brought. " Bai Youyou said.

Chen Xiang quietly entered the water. Although the water was very calm, he was worried that something would suddenly appear, such as a gigantic water beast like the Ancient Wolf Alligator.

"I’ll give it a try first!" Chen Xiang released the Explosion Rune, and very quickly, the water surface rose up and down, forming a huge wave, and the shock wave was aimed straight at the big tortoise.

The giant tortoise’s swimming speed was still very fast, but after being shocked by Chen Xiang’s shock wave, it found it difficult to move forward and continued to retreat.

"What’s going on? "Why did it suddenly become like this?" The crown prince’s residence was very unstable and was swaying, making him feel extremely uncomfortable inside.

In order to eliminate the suspicions of those people, Chen Xiang immediately cast a Gale Incantation, immediately setting up a berserk hurricane that directly flew towards the giant turtle, causing it to continuously retreat.

"It’s a blizzard!" The middle-aged man said, "Blue Snow City’s blizzard appeared too suddenly!"

Chen Xiang’s heart skipped a beat. If there was a blizzard here, then he would create it.

He also had the Frost Spell, which was quickly released by him. Combined with the violent wind, it created a blizzard.

"It’s not enough yet. I’ll give you guys a bit more lightning ..." "Yes, blue lightning." Chen Xiang was now sure that the crown prince and his men had never been to the Blue Snow City before, so he did not understand the real Blue Snow City’s Blizzard either.

At that moment, he could only allow the turtle to be blown away by the waves and the gale. They thought that it was only the edge of the storm, so they did not dare to go forward, fearing that the center of the storm would become even more violent.

Seeing that these fellows were extremely confused and panicked, Chen Xiang couldn’t help but snicker in his heart.

"Chen Xiang, go and pretend you are someone from the Blue Snow City and swindle them out of the resources given to you." Bai Youyou said: "As for how to deceive people, you can freely display your abilities!"

Chen Xiang’s eyes lit up. He then quickly climbed up the tree, and from a high place, he glided onto the tortoise.

The group of people the crown prince brought along was not weak either. Even in the blizzard, they had already noticed the sudden appearance of another person. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"Who is it!" Two middle-aged men immediately ran out from the house.

"Are you here to deliver resources? A blizzard just appeared here, I am from inside the Blue Snow City, I can guide you to a peaceful place. " Sun Chen Xiang said.

"Quick, quick, quick!" The Crown Prince was distressed by the bumpy ride and he quickly shouted.

Chen Xiang immediately told the middle aged man who was controlling the giant turtle to go in the direction that he had pointed.

Very quickly, the Great Turtle arrived at a tranquil place in the water, and at that moment, they were also far away from Blue Snow City.

"The people from the Blue Snow City are really strong, they managed to get us out of the snowstorm in an instant." The Crown Prince laughed and said.

The blizzard was released by Chen Xiang, he just kept it.

"This is all based on experience. If you had stayed here for a few years, you would have known how to escape the blizzard." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Do you know who he is? All these years you were hiding in the Blue Snow City, all for the sake of the entire Snow Cloud Imperial Country, so the crown prince has personally come to deliver resources to you. " The middle-aged man said.

"Oh? Are you really the crown prince? "I don’t quite believe it. Rumor has it that the Crown Prince is a very arrogant and arrogant guy, but you look so casual. You look so calm and easy to talk with. You don’t even look like the fabled popinjay." Chen Xiang frowned, pretending that he did not believe her.

It looked like he was insulting the crown prince, but was secretly praising him, which made the crown prince not want to flare up. Furthermore, he felt that Chen Xiang’s next words were more pleasing to the ears.

"This is all a deliberate framing of me by someone. You should all be aware that the battle within the palace is extremely intense. My opponents are deliberately discrediting me." The Crown Prince looked helpless, "That’s why I’m here to see you. This way, I can dispel your impression of me."

"Seems like it’s true!" Chen Xiang nodded.

"Of course it’s true. Otherwise, who would pretend to be the crown prince and give you resources? The resources that we send over are the real deal." The Crown Prince immediately said.

"No wonder! I saw just now that even though you were a bit more amiable, you still gave off a faint feeling of Arrogant Morale, as if you were an emperor. So you really are the crown prince. " Chen Xiang saw the Crown Prince take out a big box of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals. This turtle was so big, he must be hiding something inside.

The Crown Prince smiled proudly.

"But, Crown Prince, this is not a good thing." Chen Xiang said again.

"Why not?" The middle-aged man frowned and asked.

"You should be clear about the use of us Blue Snow City soldiers. Only when Snow Cloud Imperial Country is in danger will we act." Chen Xiang said: "We are very strong, but now that you have sent resources over to us, we mistakenly thought that you are here to rope you in, if your opponent were to find out, they would definitely cause a ruckus here, saying that you want to usurp our position, or do something else."

The crown prince secretly made contact with the strong armies of the Empire. This was indeed a taboo. Furthermore, the warriors in the Blue Snow City were important to the Emperor. If they were to poach the Emperor’s army, the consequences would be dire.

The crown prince and the others thought about it carefully and immediately felt sweat dripping down their foreheads.

"If the crown prince wants to do it in secret, then he is wrong. The Blue Snow City is filled with spies from various powers." Chen Xiang said again.

"Then... "Then you can’t be spouting nonsense!" In that instant, the crown prince revealed his killing intent, but it quickly disappeared. He did not dare kill warriors like Blue Snow City, because he was very clear about the consequences if he was discovered.

"Of course I won’t speak carelessly. I can understand the Crown Prince’s feelings!" So, Crown Prince, please go back. " Chen Xiang said, "The resources that the palace gives us every so often are enough. There’s no need for the crown prince to give us any extra."

The Crown Prince thought for a while and said, "Since you are already here, why don’t you send it over for me. Say it’s a small gift from the Crown Prince. I think you should understand."

"Alright, I can accept it on their behalf, but if they don’t want it when the time comes, I’ll send it back to you." Chen Xiang thought about it in a peculiar manner: "It’s only natural for the crown prince to give us gifts."