After that, the Crown Prince asked those people to bring out many boxes filled with Crystals.

"This is a small piece of Crystal emperor, pass it to your head, I believe in you!" The Crown Prince said.

"This is too precious, let the crown prince personally hand it to him! In about ten days, the blizzard will stop and we will enter the city. " Chen Xiang said: "The Crown Prince should be able to disguise himself, and should not be discovered by spies, even if they find out, do not worry, they say you came here to play."

There were still about 10 days before the blizzard stopped, and the crown prince did not want to go in. If he came out for too long, it would arouse the suspicions of others, not to mention he was going to the Blue Snow City.

"I believe you! The warriors of your Blue Snow City are all loyal and devoted. " The Crown Prince said.

It was not bad for the rankers in the Blue Snow City to be able to bear with it here and not enter the palace to enjoy life.

"Alright then!" Chen Xiang pretended to be unwilling and took it over, then took all of the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals. He jumped onto a tree and waved goodbye to the crown prince’s giant turtle.

After the crown prince had left, Chen Xiang snorted, "This idiot is so stingy, he only gave us such a small gift! That small piece of Crystal emperor is very precious here, but I don’t like it. "

Chen Xiang continued to return to the tree, waiting for Night lone wolf and the others to return.

Not long after, another group of people arrived. They were riding a gigantic crocodile. The mansion on top was much bigger than the crown prince’s mansion and they were here to deliver resources as well.

Chen Xiang had nothing to do now, so he pretended to be a soldier of the Blue Snow City and released a strong blizzard.

The one who came this time was the third prince, and he was even stupider than the crown prince. Very quickly, he gave all of the resources delivered to Chen Xiang, which were also a large amount of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals and a small piece of the Crystal emperor.

Because of the blizzard, the third prince didn’t enter the city and instead hurried back to the palace.

"Did something big happen in Snow Cloud Palace? This little bastard ran over here one by one to beg for help. " Chen Xiang said as he furrowed his eyebrows, because when the crown prince and the third prince gave their gifts, they both said "you understand".

In the next two days, Chen Xiang tricked five princes, which made him even more certain that something big had happened in the Snow Cloud Palace, and these princes, in order to protect their own interests, all secretly came here to find helpers.

Of course, Chen Xiang had also gained a lot, so he got a lot of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals of good quality for nothing. Although the Crystal emperor were small in size and their quality was average, they were enough for him to open the Transmission array s and such.

The Wolf eagle suddenly flew over and stopped on top of a large tree branch.

"Is the problem inside resolved?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Yes, they were all killed by us." The Wolf eagle said: "The Blue Snow City is already under our control, I will bring you in now."

They even stood on the back of the Wolf eagle and flew towards Xue Wu Xia with Chen Xiang.

"Mr. Wolf eagle, did something happen in Snow Cloud Palace?" Chen Xiang asked: "A few princes have come, all to send resources, seems like they want to win over the Blue Snow City’s people."

"I don’t know why the emperor suddenly died, but the inside of the Snow Cloud Palace is currently in chaos ..." What about the princes? Is this how you handle it? " The Wolf eagle knew Chen Xiang’s strength, so it was fine to deal with a few princes.

"I’ve tricked them into stealing their resources, I’ll make you guys go back and wait for news." Chen Xiang laughed.

"It looks like we have to think carefully. This is a good opportunity for us to attack the Snow Cloud Palace," the Wolf eagle said.

Chen Xiang also felt the same way. The Lone Wolf Team’s strength had amazed him, in just a few short days, they had wiped out the hidden strength in the Blue Snow City.

After Chen Xiang entered the Blue Snow City, it was calm and peaceful, as if nothing had happened.

Inside the City Lord’s Mansion, Chen Xiang saw the Night lone wolf and Xue Wenbo. All the people in the City Lord’s Mansion belonged to the Night lone wolf.

Chen Xiang had previously tricked a large amount of resources, so he took out a part of it to give to the Night lone wolf, so he could distribute it to his people.

"Looks like the situation in the Snow Cloud Palace is extremely critical. Those princes have all come here, you can see that they are facing an intense battle, and other than the princes, there might be another group of people fighting for the throne." The golden-masked man said.

"Empress!" The Night lone wolf said.

"That’s right, the empress was one of the royal relatives I let go earlier. After my disciple usurped my throne, he struggled to hold on to it, so he died for no apparent reason. The empress wanted to seize power, but the princes were unwilling." Xue Wenbo said.

"The hidden power in the Blue Snow City should belong to the Queen! However, those princes didn’t know that it was all because of their Emperor Father. " The golden-masked man said, "If that’s the case, we will immediately charge into the Snow Cloud Palace and capture them all once we receive the Queen’s notice."

"They won’t use the Blue Snow City’s power unless they have no other choice. When they use it, it will definitely be the best time for us to enter." The wooden mask smiled. "They must have been both sides injured by the time we entered."

"That’s right, the Queen and her forces will definitely put everything under the control of the Blue Snow City, but the Blue Snow City is still under our control." The masked man with the golden mask also laughed.

Chen Xiang had to admire them, he had thought of destroying the Blue Snow City from the very beginning. Although he hadn’t expected it to turn out like this, they had still thought of a long-term plan.

Not knowing why, there were quite a few Night lone wolf, and quite a few in the entire City Lord’s Mansion.

"Where are those guys?" Chen Xiang asked curiously.

"They were all quietly killed by us. They sank into the water to be fed to the water beasts." The Wolf eagle laughed: "Right now, we are all here."

After the Night lone wolf took on the mission of attacking the Snow Cloud Palace, they started to plan, and planted everyone here, which was why they were so fast.

Everyone waited for a few days, and sure enough, the Queen sent people over. This person was still riddled with injuries, so he should have been attacked on the way here.

"We can set off now. Snowcloud City is three days away from here." The Golden Masked Man said. His plans seemed to have been arranged by him. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

There were thousands of Night lone wolf s, and they were all from the Aoshi Holy Stage s, so their power was much stronger than the Blue Snow City s before.

In order to obtain Chen Xiang’s dozen or so high quality Crystal emperor, the Night lone wolf had to use its greatest strength. If he knew that Chen Xiang had obtained more than ten Crystal emperor in two days, he would definitely not be in a good mood.

The Night lone wolf must have secretly established a great power within the Ancient Wolf Race. Normally, they would accept some difficult missions to earn resources and increase their reputation at the same time.

If they succeeded this time, they would definitely become famous again.

Chen Xiang was not at the front, because the ones in front were the charging troops. He was only sitting on an Ancient Wolf Alligator in the back, patiently waiting for the good news to arrive.