Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

The Snowcloud Imperial City that the Snow Cloud Palace was in was in chaos, and all the people inside fled the city. Because of the war, the city that was built using huge trees was also damaged. Previous Chapter

Chen Xiang was currently very far away from the Snowcloud Imperial City, but he could see a lot of black smoke emitting from the front. The aftershocks of the battle between the strong assaulted him here, and wave after wave of auras pervaded the air around him.

"The entire city isn’t destroyed, these giant trees really can carry it!" Chen Xiang lamented. Snowcloud Imperial City was also a city wall built using the trunk of a huge tree, allowing the city wall to float on the surface of the water.

Even the experts at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage fighting inside couldn’t cause this wooden city to collapse. This was all thanks to the ancient trees.

Only Chen Xiang was outside, because a great battle was happening inside. If he went in and met those strong peak Aoshi Holy Stage, there would be a certain amount of danger for him, and he would drag Night lone wolf and the rest down.

When Night lone wolf s and the rest entered, they were also at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage, walking at the very front. They directly went in to find those strong warriors, and then were swept up by other people with slightly lower cultivations.

"We’ll just have to wait a little longer. The Night lone wolf’s plan is very thorough. They should be able to take down Snowcloud City successfully."

The Blue Snow City was like this before, they didn’t lose anything when it came to the Night lone wolf and took it down, which made Chen Xiang have a lot of confidence in them.

Time slowly passed. Chen Xiang saw many people who came out of Snowcloud City. These people all left the city because they couldn’t stand the kind of battle inside.

There were still many people in the city, mainly because they couldn’t bear to part with the shops they bought.

Chen Xiang asked around, only then did he know that the main focus of the battle was on the middle Snow Cloud Palace, and that the Snow Cloud Palace had some sort of enchantment around them that could stop the energy waves caused by the battle.

Chen Xiang had waited outside for two days, but the noise inside had already lessened a lot. Before, there would occasionally be shaking sounds coming from inside, but now, it was becoming less and less.

"You can go in and take a look." Chen Xiang was also a little curious about the situation inside. It was obvious that since it was the end of the war, he would not encounter any dangers inside, let alone the fact that many people were still inside.

"The war is mainly erupting in the Snow Cloud Palace. I should have no problem entering the Snow Cloud Imperial Country first." Chen Xiang controlled the Ancient Wolf Alligator to swim forward, towards the Snowcloud Imperial City.

Arriving at the Snowcloud Imperial City, the streets were empty and the shops were tightly shut. The entire city was enveloped in an aura of destruction, making people feel as if the city could be destroyed at any moment.

For Chen Xiang, since he had seen this kind of scene too many times, it was naturally not enough to scare him.

However, he still cautiously walked towards the Snow Cloud Palace.

The Snow Cloud Palace was right in the middle of the city, and there were still some energy waves being emitted from it, but it was relatively weak.

"What’s going on? Even if the war was over, it shouldn’t have been like this! It feels like the war has suddenly ended. " Chen Xiang frowned: "Could it be that Night lone wolf and the rest did not have the advantage?"

"It could be that both of them were seriously injured... "It was just a sudden incident." Bai Youyou said: "If the Night lone wolf and the rest have already had the upper hand, they would probably clear up the area quickly. There would be a lot of commotion as well and they would definitely not be as lifeless as they are now."

Chen Xiang also felt the same way.

"I can only go take a look!" Chen Xiang used Counter Power and hid himself.

Very quickly, he arrived at the entrance of Snow Cloud Palace. Although the walls of the Snow Cloud Palace were built with giant tree trunks, these trunks were somewhat different. There were many things placed within them that caused the entire Snow Cloud Palace to be covered by a barrier.

Since Night lone wolf was able to learn the third stage of the Tao-creation’s Incantation, it meant that people with a good grasp of formations were able to create a strong barrier. It was just that they were not familiar with medicinal pills.

"He should be able to enter!" Chen Xiang used Time and space power and teleported through the barrier.

After entering, there was a very wide road. On both sides of the road, there were vast squares, and at the end of the road was a huge palace.

Chen Xiang was invisible as he walked on the main road. On both sides of the road, he saw many people sitting cross-legged on the ground. When he looked carefully, he realized that the Night lone wolf s, Xue Wenbo and the rest were sitting on the right side.

As for the people on the left, from the looks of their clothes, they should be from the palace.

They were all sitting cross-legged on the ground, their faces dark. Seeing this symptom, Chen Xiang knew that they had been poisoned.

Both sides had been poisoned. What was going on? Chen Xiang was baffled, she must have been poisoned immediately, could it be that there was a third party present?

Chen Xiang hurried over to the Night lone wolf.

"How are you doing?" Chen Xiang directly transmitted his voice into the ears of the Lone Wolf Team and Xue Wenbo’s dozen or so people.

Hearing Chen Xiang’s voice, they were extremely shocked, and at the same time, they sensed that something was approaching, but the Qi was extremely weak, had purposely released it, if not they would not be able to sense it.

"We’ve been poisoned!" Xue Wenbo said in a low voice: "In the battle just now, another group of people suddenly appeared and poisoned the two of us .... Fortunately the Night lone wolf reacted in time and immediately used poison to attack them. Right now, we are all poisoned. "

"What is going on?" Chen Xiang still didn’t understand.

"On the other side of the great Dao are three factions. One is the Empress, one is the princes, and the other is my Junior Brother ..." Xue Wenbo continued, "Originally, when the empress fought with the princes and princes and when the princes and princes were close to defeat, we would often deal with the empress ... Just as we were about to win, my junior apprentice-brother suddenly appeared. "

Xue Wenbo had a junior brother, who had suddenly disappeared when Xue Wenbo obtained the throne. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

When Master Xue Wenbo had passed down the throne to him, his Junior Brother had been extremely jealous and angry.

This was where the Night lone wolf miscalculated, because no one would have thought that such a guy would suddenly appear at this time.

Xue Wenbo, this junior brother, still had some skills. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have been poisoned by all the Night lone wolf.

"Haha ..." The old man opposite of him suddenly laughed: "Senior Brother, although I do not know how you managed to get the Night lone wolf, but you did not succeed, haha ..."

Initially, they thought that they would be able to defeat the princes soon, but someone suddenly appeared to support the Blue Snow City. Just as the Empress was celebrating, the group of Night lone wolf s said nothing at all.

When they were almost beaten up, Xue Wenbo’s junior brother suddenly came out, and used a secret technique to rain down a poisonous rain, causing everyone in Snow Cloud Palace to be poisoned.