Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

After Night lone wolf and the others were poisoned, they saw Xue Wenbo’s junior brother bringing a group of people and laughing loudly as he walked in. After that, every member of Lone Wolf Team released a kind of venomous octopus.

Chen Xiang now finally understood that this was actually the case. It was a little complicated, but in short, all the people who wanted to fight for the throne were all poisoned, and had many heavy injuries.

The poison did not immediately kill people, but after it did, they felt pain all over their body. They needed to use their power to force the poison, or else the poison would get deeper.

"Yuan Lingyun, don’t laugh. You’re not any better off right now!" You guys have been poisoned too. " Xue Wenbo said angrily. Although Chen Xiang had arrived, he was alone, and he did not know if he could hold on.

"Humph, with your kind of detoxification, I will be able to cure it quickly!" Yuan Lingyun sneered.

"You bunch of gangsters actually dare to usurp our throne. All of you must die." A middle-aged woman said angrily. It could be seen that her tattered clothes were originally very luxurious, and her face had already turned dark. She had been poisoned by two poisons.

"Why is your Blue Snow City connected to us? I have given you resources before." Previously, when they saw the self-proclaimed Blue Snow City warriors entering the palace, he was extremely excited.

"Humph, with your resources, it’s just a fart." Xue Wenbo said angrily: "The Emperor Profound Realm has always been mine. If not for my disciple betraying me, you all would never have had the chance to stay in the Imperial Palace."

In next to no time, they started arguing at the same time.

Suddenly, he heard some noises coming from the distance. Looking carefully, he saw it was dozens of young people wearing luxurious clothes and riding soul beasts.

"It’s the Fire Cloud Country next door. Why would these bastards come at this time?" Xue Wenbo growled angrily, he had already thought of something.

"Prince Huo Yun, help us force the poison out." Yuan Lingyun was quite confident just now. So she was colluding with the Crown Prince of the Fire Cloud Country next door.

"You’ve been poisoned too?" Prince Huo Yun laughed out loud. "What a pity, I don’t know how to cure the poison!"

"You!" Yuan Lingyun was instantly infuriated. It was obvious that this Prince Huo Yun wanted to monopolize the Snow Cloud Palace.

Chen Xiang laughed bitterly in his heart: "Alright, now another Prince Huo Yun has appeared. However, this guy seems to be smarter than the previous crown prince, it’s the most suitable for him to come out and take advantage of us, of course ... He probably did not expect me to be here! "

Chen Xiang had already collected some venom and gave it to Su Meiyao and the others to study, to see if they could get their hands on the antidote. Right now, he was only using the first stage of Time Domain on the two girls, which would conserve more of his power for him, because he might need to make a move later.

"Oh oh oh, the Night lone wolf is also here, it’s really a big fish! The previous Emperor Xue Wenbo of the Snow Cloud Imperial Country was also here, it was really lively. " Prince Huo Yun laughed out loud. "From today onwards, Snow Cloud Imperial Country is mine."

"Dream on!" Chen Xiang immediately released three Poison monkey s, and the Poison monkey immediately flew over.

It was just that Chen Xiang didn’t think that he would fail this time. It had to be said that this Prince Huo Yun had some skill, after sensing the danger, the red armor on his body immediately burst into flames and caused the three Poison monkey s nearby to be pushed back.

Chen Xiang immediately summoned his Poison monkey back. The armor was very powerful, it released very strong flames, and if the Poison monkey went to attack again, it might be injured.

"Who’s here!" Prince Huo Yun had already sensed that someone was in Xue Wenbo’s direction.

After Chen Xiang appeared, he smiled faintly: "He’s just a nobody!"

"It’s you!" The few princes and idiotic princes shouted out, because they had seen Chen Xiang before and even passed all their resources to him. Now, they suddenly understood what happened, and were deceived!

"Just who are you?" At this moment, the Prince Huo Yun was extremely vigilant, because he did not have any experts at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage with him. The strongest among them was only at the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage.

The antidote wouldn’t be that easy! FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"I already said, he’s just a nobody!" Chen Xiang sighed: "Looking at your looks, how can you not understand human speech? Snow Cloud Palace is ours now, I want to clean up the scene now, hurry up and get out of here, otherwise I will clean up the entire place with you. "

"Haha ..." When the Prince Huo Yun heard Chen Xiang’s words, he immediately laughed out loud. "Who do you think you are? You are just a middle stage Aoshi Holy Stage and yet you dare to spout such nonsense. I think you are just bluffing, I really want to see how you are going to clean us up! "

Prince Huo Yun waved his hand, and the old man behind him suddenly rushed towards Chen Xiang, bringing up a burst of wind. In a flash, the old man’s hand moved like a steel blade, directly slashing towards Chen Xiang’s head, he actually wanted to hack Chen Xiang to death with his bare hands.

Chen Xiang was already at the peak of the middle stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, he was only half a step away from the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage.

"Old Turtle, you’ve gone overboard!" Chen Xiang’s attack was even faster, no one could see him move his hand at any time, all they could see was the old man’s hand holding onto his blade. Chen Xiang’s left hand had suddenly grabbed his wrist.

The old man was shocked, he wanted to use his leg to kick Chen Xiang, but his leg had already condensed a berserk energy, rushing out, releasing a sound.

But, when he stomped his foot, Chen Xiang had already struck out with his other hand, the Tao-creation’s Incantation was completed inside his arm.

Chen Xiang’s fist had already been thrown out, smashing right into the old man’s chest. With a loud bang, the heat wave accompanied by lightning crashed in all directions, the crying and berserk vibrating power did not burst out, but completely poured into the old man’s body.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"

The old man screamed as he was thrown away by Chen Xiang as if he was a piece of trash.

With just a single palm, he was able to beat up an old man who was at the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage until his bones turned to mush. The old man was already at his last breath, if he wanted to restore his body, it would definitely take many years.

"This is how I clean up trash!" Chen Xiang clapped his hands and said: "Prince Huo Yun, if you know what’s good for you, then hurry up and leave, I’m too lazy to make a move against you."

"You ..." Prince Huo Yun was furious. He, the dignified crown prince of the Fire Cloud Empire, was actually mocked by a nobody. How could he endure this? Furthermore, he had put in so much effort to support Yuan Lingyun. If he was to succeed, it would be even more impossible for him to leave, which would result in heavy losses for him.