Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"If you don’t want to live, then kill yourself. I’m too lazy to attack something like you." The Prince Huo Yun said coldly: "Hurry up and go, I can allow you to bring the Night lone wolf and the others away!"

Chen Xiang’s goal was the forbidden grounds inside the Snow Cloud Palace, and if he was going to succeed, how could he give up?

"It seems like you bunch of trash aren’t willing to leave. I can only start and finish you all off." Chen Xiang said solemnly, he had already taken out his Six Realms mirrors.

"All three of you, attack together!" Prince Huo Yun shouted.

Right now, there were only three late stage Aoshi Holy Stage left. Prince Huo Yun felt that if the three of them were to join hands, they would be able to defeat Chen Xiang in no time.

The three elders immediately rushed towards Chen Xiang. Just as they charged over, Chen Xiang released the three invisible Poison monkey s.

The three elders also felt that something was approaching them quickly so they moved extremely quickly. At the same time they were shocked, they gave up on attacking Chen Xiang and immediately avoided the three Poison monkey s.

Chen Xiang immediately moved, rushing to the old man closest to him. He controlled the Six Realms mirrors, and used the mirror to face the old man, releasing the power of the killing array, the power was like a divine sword with killing intent that surged out from the mirror, directly striking the old man.

In just a split-second, the old man’s entire body was covered in horrifying sword marks. There were also many bloody holes on his body. It was unknown whether or not the old man was able to get up.

When everyone saw how terrifying Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors was, their hearts were filled with fear. Chen Xiang’s punch just now was extremely terrifying, it made an old man from Aoshi Holy Stage feel as though he was struck by mud, and now, with just a look at the mirror, it was able to make a late stage Aoshi Holy Stage Elder feel like being pierced by a hundred swords.

Chen Xiang’s two elders were even easier to deal with. At this point, he had already made Qin Shuang and Long Xueyi ready to attack, because he was worried that the Prince Huo Yun would run away.

He repeatedly told Prince Huo Yun to scram, but Prince Huo Yun refused to scram. She still wanted to let the elders kill her, so he wouldn’t give her the chance to do so.

Chen Xiang released the Six Realms mirrors, forming a domain and imprisoned the two elders who were near him.

These two old men were in the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, and their powers were still strong. Even though Chen Xiang had used the power of the Six Realms mirrors to imprison them, he could not hold on for long. But that was enough as long as it lasted for a moment, the three Poison monkey had already flashed over, scratched the two elders a few times, and injected the Drunk god magical poison into them, causing them to fall limply to the ground.

"Retreat!" Prince Huo Yun roared. He no longer rode on the remaining tiger soul beast. His armor was wreathed in flames as he used all his strength to rush towards the main gate of Snow Cloud Palace.

Although Prince Huo Yun wanted to fight with him, he realized that something was wrong and ran away immediately. This was not bad, but Chen Xiang would not give him the chance.

Qin Shuang had already exited the You Yao Mountain Villa. With the Purple Yang Excalibur in his hand, the power of ice and fire spread out, blocking the path of the Prince Huo Yun.

At the same time, Long Xueyi held the white longsword in her hand, her white skirt fluttering as she floated in the air.

The sword qi flew over. Some of them turned into raging flames, some flashed with lightning, some released frost, some erupted with vibrating power, and some even released astral winds that were like blades.

Long Xueyi’s power was multi-attribute. She was a White Dragon and could replicate the power of various attributes!

Prince Huo Yun really did not expect that two girls would suddenly appear. One of them even went on a killing spree, catching the group of people he brought unprepared while the other one forcefully stopped him.

These two women were very beautiful, and also very powerful!

Especially Long Xueyi, who was actually able to resist the mysterious forbidden-level power and float in the air. Normally, only soul beasts could do this, but for Long Xueyi, who didn’t have wings, to be able to fly as well, it was truly unimaginable.

Long Xueyi was a dragon, he could fly by himself, and he did not need wings.

With the addition of the three Poison monkey, they quickly exterminated the small fry Prince Huo Yun had brought with them. They were all at the early or middle stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, easily taken care of.

Right now, Chen Xiang, Long Xueyi, and the three Poison monkey were surrounding Prince Huo Yun, causing him to be unable to fly, he had no other choice but to leave. He regretted it now, because he did not want to leave when Chen Xiang was leaving, but it was too late.

"You can’t kill me, or else you’ll be in deep trouble after obtaining the Snow Cloud Imperial Country. Our Fire Cloud Empire will be irreconcilable with you." The Prince Huo Yun said.

The golden-masked man said from afar, "Don’t be afraid of him! Furthermore, the fact that the Prince Huo Yun colluded with Yuan Lingyun to usurp the throne of a neighboring country is in itself his fault. The powers of the Fire Cloud Empire definitely wouldn’t go to war with the Snow Cloud Imperial Country over this matter. "

If the Prince Huo Yun was killed, it would also be understandable. After all, he had gone to usurp the throne of another country, and there would definitely be many voices within the Fire Cloud Empire who would oppose the war, because this battle was only about face. If the war started, both sides would suffer, and it would affect the interests of the entire Fire Cloud Empire.

"It won’t be like this. My royal father is the Fire Cloud Emperor. Once I die here, he will come and kill you all no matter what." Prince Huo Yun roared, he knew that he had caused a huge mess here and that he was killed, which dragged the entire Fire Cloud Empire into a war, so maybe his father would not do it, but no one would want to do it. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"That will be in the future!" Chen Xiang smiled faintly as he moved his Purple Yang Excalibur. All that was left in the air was an arc of purple light and the fresh blood that flew out.

Prince Huo Yun had already been killed by Qin Shuang with a single slash, but he actually did not even have the chance to resist.

The Prince Huo Yun was also in the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, but facing Chen Xiang’s siege, he had no power to resist, and only wanted to use the Fire Cloud Empire to deter Chen Xiang.

Su Meiyao who was in You Yao Mountain Villa had already refined more than ten antidotes, she gave them to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang took out the Detoxification Pill and handed it over to the Night lone wolf and the others.

"This is the newly concocted antidote. Try to see if it has any effect." Chen Xiang said.

They had also seen the Night lone wolf, Chen Xiang had two powerful women with him, it was not strange for him to have a Alchemist hidden inside, it was just that the speed at which he concocted the antidote pill was just too fast.

The Queen and the group of princes were completely terrified. They had all seen what Chen Xiang had done just now, and it was highly likely that it would be their turn next!

"Old Xue, take care of these people properly!" Chen Xiang smiled at Xue Wenbo.

"Mm, the forbidden area is over there. You can go there yourself, it’ll be easy to find it!" Xue Wenbo pointed in a direction.