Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang handed enough Crystal emperor over to the Night lone wolf, then walked towards the forbidden grounds.

The forbidden grounds were just a small mountain. There was a cave in the small mountain, and inside the cave, it was pitch black, so Chen Xiang couldn’t see what was inside. When Chen Xiang wanted to enter, he saw a small mountain about two to three feet away from him.

When he came in contact with the power, Chen Xiang felt like his body was struck by lightning.

"There’s actually a Spirit Formation here? I actually didn’t discover it." Chen Xiang was very surprised. In the past, if he encountered a barrier or something like that, he would definitely be able to discover it immediately.

But this time, he didn’t notice it at all.

Feng Ke’er had already gone into closed door cultivation to comprehend the Tao-creation’s incantation, so he could not let her come out immediately, and could only give it a try himself.

In the past, he could always easily pass through various barriers with this kind of power, but this time, he failed.

Even though he had failed, Chen Xiang saw a glimmer of hope, because when he was using it, he could clearly feel that he could open up a bit of an invisible spatial rift. It was just that the Time and space power he was releasing at this moment was not enough.

He had a spatial World Defying holy soul, but it was very young. He could obtain a certain amount of spatial power from the Space holy soul, but the spatial laws were very strong in this place.

"I don’t have enough strength!" Chen Xiang said to the women inside the You Yao Mountain Villa: "Help me, transfer most of your energy into my body. I’ll try to see if you can pass through this barrier after transforming into spatial energy."

Su Meiyao and the others immediately released their strongest powers and channeled it to Chen Xiang.

They were originally inside Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea World, so the power they released could easily be absorbed by Chen Xiang.

After Chen Xiang absorbed their powerful energy, he immediately activated his Time and space power.

"It’s working!" Chen Xiang frowned as he continued to increase his spatial energy. He could feel that the spatial cracks on the barrier were growing larger bit by bit.

The girls continued to release their power while Chen Xiang crazily absorbed them, transforming them into his own Space holy soul to increase the number of cracks in space.

"I’m about to succeed!"

Chen Xiang let out a muffled shout, and finally opened up a spatial crack large enough to strike at him. It was also at this moment that he arrived at the entrance of the cave in an instant, as he had already succeeded in penetrating the barrier.

"It’s really difficult! Without the Time and space power, breaking through this barrier is extremely difficult, so I can only rely on brute force. " Chen Xiang felt that even if it was the peak of the Aoshi Holy Stage, opening it would still be extremely difficult.

"This doesn’t seem like the work of a grandpa." Qin Shuang said: "It’s possible that grandfather and Gu Tong jointly arranged it." Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"Un, the things that they worked together to create are truly not simple." Chen Xiang exclaimed and walked into the cave.

He took out the illumination stone to illuminate the surroundings. This would make him feel more comfortable. Even if there was no light, he could still sense things through his spiritual sense.

The small mountain was not very big, so this passage was not very deep. However, at the back, Chen Xiang discovered that there was a spiral staircase at the bottom of the mountain.

He had seen this kind of construct quite a few times, building Transmission array s deep underground was also a method of seeking stability.

Before long, Chen Xiang arrived at a stone room. There was indeed a Transmission array there.

"Xiao Shuangshuang, come out and see how you’re going to activate this Transmission array!" Chen Xiang called Qin Shuang out.

In the past, Chen Xiang had seen those Transmission array s constructed by Super Yang Old Ancestor s with a groove specially for the Crystal emperor, but this one did not exist.

"Let me see!" Although Qin Shuang was not a Grandmaster of formations, her grandfather was. Since she was young, she had seen quite a few array formations set up by her grandfather.

"This Transmission array was primarily set up by Gu Tong. It does not have the feeling of being set up by my grandfather." Qin Shuang said.

"Can’t I open it?" Chen Xiang was a little worried, after all he had gone through so much trouble to get here, if he was unable to open it, then it would be useless.

"Of course not!" Qin Shuang took out a wooden stick and knocked on the stone Transmission array.

Not long after, Chen Xiang saw a spot where the wooden stick had loosened a little after hitting it, although it was very weak and loose, both he and Qin Shuang could see it.

"We should be able to pick it up from here!" Qin Shuang said, then she placed her hand on the spot where she had loosened her hand, releasing a wave of frost from her palm, freezing her palm together with the stone.

She raised her hand and also picked up a heavy stone, placing her stone at the side, then asked Chen Xiang: "Is there any place to place the Crystal emperor below?"

"On both sides of the rock are ... This is truly a troublesome design, can’t Gu Tong be like the Super Yang Old Ancestor, and directly leave some grooves on the surface of the array? " Chen Xiang looked and saw that he actually wanted five Crystal emperor s.

"Motherf * cker, they actually want that Crystal emperor!" In order to guarantee the stable activation of the teleportation formation, Chen Xiang had to let go of the best Crystal emperor so that he wouldn’t make any mistakes.

"Gu Tong is a guy who strives for perfection. He definitely wouldn’t allow things that are full of holes on the surface." After Qin Shuang put down the rock, "That’s why he became like this. If there is no hint, it would be really hard to find."

The reason why Qin Shuang was able to find it was because her grandfather had previously mentioned someone setting up the array. He had said that the person had to make a very smooth and beautiful surface, and even hid the grooves that were embedded with energy very well.

"What a weird guy." Chen Xiang snorted: "I can now activate the Transmission array."

This will reduce the burden on the Transmission array and make it more stable. If you teleport over, the first thing you need to do is to conceal yourself. "Su Yun said in a low voice. Qin Shuang warned repeatedly. If the Transmission array was in an extremely dangerous place, Chen Xiang’s sudden appearance there would be extremely dangerous.

Chen Xiang nodded, he secretly activated the Counter Power, and immediately hid himself once he successfully teleported over.

After Qin Shuang entered the You Yao Mountain Villa, he penetrated his mind into the Transmission array and activated it.

The Transmission array flashed with waves of golden light, and with a burst of violent trembling, it teleported Chen Xiang away.

... ....

Because his master had also opened the Transmission array this way back then. With just his current strength, Chen Xiang was actually able to enter the forbidden grounds, and even open the Transmission array to head to the fifth floor of the World Defying Stage Soul River!

After Chen Xiang successfully teleported and calmed down, he took a closer look and immediately heard a scream!

"Ah... "Scoundrel!"

"Where did this scoundrel come from?"

"Quickly kill him!"

Chen Xiang was shocked, he was actually teleported to a very shallow round pool, there were a few women bathing here!