Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Before Chen Xiang teleported, he had thought that he would be teleported to some dangerous place, or a place where people were watching him, such as a plaza, but he never thought that he would be in such a beautiful place.

There was a Transmission array at the bottom of this pool. Somehow, people would treat it as a place to bathe. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Chen Xiang originally wanted to use the Counter Power, but he slowed down a little. The jade-like beauties in the pool just now had all surrounded him, even throwing an array disc to seal off all of his strength.

These five beauties were covered in thin dresses that stuck closely to the beautiful wet jade bodies. They were full of temptation. However, Chen Xiang was not in the mood to watch, because these beauties all had killing intent written all over their faces and held sharp swords in their hands.

"Pervert, how did you get in!" This woman was the tallest, with an exquisite oval face. Her curved eyebrows were tightly knitted, making her appear extremely angry and vigilant.

"Ladies, I didn’t see anything just now, really ..." Chen Xiang said, it was true, after he appeared there was a large splash of water, then he heard all kinds of screams. By the time he reacted, the beauties had already put on their muslin dresses and surrounded him.

"You still want to quibble? Do you know who we are? "To actually come here to peep, directly killing you would be too easy on you." A charming woman with phoenix eyes said. Although her breasts were the smallest, they were still very imposing.

It was indeed hard for Chen Xiang to explain now, he could understand why these beauties would do so. After all, if a man suddenly appeared while bathing, it would definitely make them very angry and embarrassed.

"I really didn’t see anything. I suddenly appeared from below and didn’t see anything. All of you were already dressed." Chen Xiang sighed helplessly.

"Big Sis, what he said seems to be true!" A young and beautiful lady said in a low voice.

"Don’t listen to his nonsense, he appeared out of thin air. His goal is very obvious, who doesn’t know that this place was bestowed by royal father to us five sisters." The eldest sister with the longest legs bellowed. She controlled the sword to float above Chen Xiang’s throat.

"Scoundrel, we’ve already trapped you with the formation plate and you can no longer move. If you don’t cooperate with us, don’t blame us for being impolite."

"Alright, how do you want me to cooperate with you?" Chen Xiang said in an extremely helpless tone.

"How did you get here! Tell us honestly. " the long-legged woman demanded harshly.

Only now did Chen Xiang realise that this used to be a belly of the mountain. Perhaps it was because of this Transmission array, but after forming a pool of water, it could gather a lot of energy in the water.

When Chen Xiang was submerged in the water, he could feel the dense Madness soul energy. Furthermore, it was extremely warm.

"Underneath this pool is an ancient Transmission array!" Chen Xiang said: "I came here from the third floor of the World Defying Stage Soul River, I found an ancient Transmission array there, and after opening it, I could have arrived at the fifth floor, but before I opened it, I did not know that all the young ladies were here, otherwise I would not have opened the Transmission array."

This place was heavily guarded and very tightly guarded. There were enchantments on the inner, inner, and outer layers, so the five sisters were very confident of bathing here. But Chen Xiang suddenly appearing out of nowhere made them feel that it was unbelievable. Even with such tight security, he was actually being barged in, so they had to figure out what was going on.

"I don’t believe it!" The long-legged woman said coldly.

"If you don’t believe me, just get the water here dry. You’ll know after looking at it for a while." Chen Xiang said: "If you still do not believe me, I will teleport you all to the third floor of World Defying Stage Soul River."

They often came to this pool, and it was very shallow, only reaching their waists. When they stepped on the ground, they could obviously feel some Spirit grain s protruding out of the water, they only thought it was to increase the pool’s soul power.

Chen Xiang had to be a little more honest now, because these girls were all very strong. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have been able to stop him in an instant.

"Second sister, take the water away, I want to have a look!" The long-legged woman said.

That second sister was the charming woman with the phoenix eyes. She gently waved her hand and the water in the pool began to float before entering a jade bottle in her hand.

"If you want to open the Transmission array, you should need to place energy in it! Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals or Crystal emperor s, but there are no grooves here. " The long-legged woman said.

"If you want me to move, I’ll prove it to you." Chen Xiang said: "I believe you guys are very familiar with this pond, but this is the first time I have been here, so you guys are definitely not as familiar with this Transmission array as I am with me."

The few women let the array disc form a seal, sealing Chen Xiang in this pit.

Like what Qin Shuang did before, Chen Xiang released the Icy cold power to freeze his hand against a loose rock on the ground. Then, he raised his hand to pick up the huge rock.

"Look!" Chen Xiang lifted up the huge rock: "The dent on top of it was precisely placed into the Crystal emperor! Because the creator of the Transmission array was a person who pursued perfection, he didn’t want this kind of crater to appear on the surface of the Transmission array and destroy the overall sense of beauty.

Chen Xiang was now a little grateful that Gu Tong had done this. Otherwise, he wouldn’t know how to prove it.

The women were all speechless. They were already that strong at such a young age, and they also had a royal father in their mouths. They were most likely the daughters of an emperor, and they also had all kinds of powerful divine artifacts at their disposal.

"Now, if you don’t believe me, I can’t do anything about it. If you want me to teleport you all to the third floor of World Defying Stage Soul River, I need several Crystal emperor. I’ve used up all of them! And when the time comes, I will have to teleport you all back and consume a few Crystal emperor s.

Chen Xiang sighed: "If you still don’t believe, then kill me." After he returned the stone to the pit, he sat on the ground with a resigned look on his face.

Of course, he didn’t accept his fate like that in his heart. He still had a way to escape, but that would require a lot of strength. If it really wasn’t possible, he would have done so.

He had already made up his mind to try his best to resolve the misunderstanding between him and these women. Otherwise, if he were to clash with them and alert the people outside, he would be in a lot of trouble.

These few women ignored him as their eyes interacted. They should be discussing how to deal with Chen Xiang using sound transmission.

After Chen Xiang saw this, he also thought that there was hope and patiently waited.

"Eat this!" The long-legged woman threw a black pill to Chen Xiang.

"What is this?" After Chen Xiang caught it, he did not eat it immediately.

"After you eat a Heart Devouring Pill, if you lie about it, your heart will suffer the pain of being bitten by insects." The long-legged woman said, "After you eat it, we will ask you a question. At that time, you must answer truthfully."