Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang frowned, he was deep in thought.

"Alright!" In the end, he decided to eat it.

"What’s your name?" The phoenix-eyed woman asked.

"Chen Xiang!"

"Did you really not see anything?"

"I really didn’t see anything!" Chen Xiang was calm and composed.

"Is the matter with the Transmission array true?"

"It’s true!"

"What is your cultivation level?"

"The peak of the middle stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, I’m about to step into the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage."

The girls looked at each other. They didn’t know what they were going to do next, but it could be seen that they were all relieved. Their chaste bodies were not seen by the man.

"How many women have you harmed?" the long-legged woman asked.

"Not a single one!" When Chen Xiang answered, both Su Meiyao and Long Xueyi let out a "pei" sound.

Chen Xiang finished answering the question, and there was no discomfort at all. He was very satisfied with himself, he had indeed never harmed women before, and it was all thanks to you and me.

"Then do you have any ill intentions towards us?" The young woman asked softly.

"No evil thoughts!" Chen Xiang truly did not, he was extremely sincere right now.

Seeing that Chen Xiang did not have any expression of pain on his face, and that there was no discomfort whatsoever, the girls all felt that it was inconceivable. The man in front of them did not have any evil intentions towards them, they knew clearly that every time they saw him, many of the men in front of them wanted to tear their clothes apart and swallow them whole.

"After we remove the seal, will you attack us?" the long-legged woman asked.

"Of course not! You guys are much stronger than me, I can’t beat you guys. " Chen Xiang laughed bitterly.

The long-legged woman let out a light snort, and then pulled away from the array disc. Chen Xiang then jumped up from below.

"Ladies and gentlemen, would that pill affect me in the future?" Chen Xiang was not really worried, he was just a pill refiner, the reason he asked this question was just to get a better understanding of this pill.

"No, the effects will pass in an hour." At this time, they were very wary of Chen Xiang. After all, this was their very private place, and with a man here, they felt very uncomfortable.

"That’s good!" Chen Xiang deliberately let out a sigh of relief, then scratched his head and laughed: "I wonder what kind of place this is? I just came here from the third floor of World Defying Stage Soul River, so I know nothing about this place. I have just heard the two words’ royal father ’from you two. You two must be the daughters of an emperor, right?

"This is the Heavenly Ao Empire, our royal father is the Heavenly Proud Divine Lord, you are currently in the Heavenly Proud Imperial Palace." The long-legged woman said.

"Ladies, can you send me out of Imperial Palace ... ..." It’s not good for me to go out like this. " Chen Xiang thought for a while, took out a case of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, and said: "This is your reward ... ..."

"You have just come here from below. If you want to survive, you will need a lot of resources, so you should just keep it!" We’ll just send you out of the palace. " The long-legged woman said.

Although these girls were very fierce just now, it was also because they were in a hurry. Now, they seemed to be quite gentle and kind, otherwise, they would have killed Chen Xiang a long time ago.

They took out a small house from their storage equipment and changed into light clothing inside the house.

"If I bring you out like this, it will definitely make people nag at me if they see you." The phoenix-eyed woman said.

"Don’t you have any god tools for storing people?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No, let’s think of a way!" The long-legged woman said.

The cute, round-faced woman, who hadn’t spoken for a long time, chuckled and said, "Why don’t you disguise him as a girl and then say that he’s our servant girl? That shouldn’t be a problem!"

Another girl with big eyes, who had not spoken before, laughed. "Big Sis is just a bit shorter than him. Her clothes should fit her perfectly."

The few ladies immediately stared at Chen Xiang, and revealed a mischievous smile. Dressed such a robust man into a woman, they couldn’t help but laugh when they thought of him.

Chen Xiang cursed a few times in his heart. What made him most speechless was that Long Xueyi was shouting for Chen Xiang to do whatever he wanted in the You Yao Mountain Villa.

"Absolutely not!" Chen Xiang strongly opposed it.

"Why not? Why don’t you tell me how you’re going to get out of here? We definitely can’t let you go out with us as a man. What would people think if they saw us five sisters bringing a man into the bathing area? " The round faced cute girl laughed and said: "Just be a good girl and obediently go about your business! You have to believe in my makeup. "

"Hurry up!" The woman with big eyes urged. These two girls had not spoken at first, but now they became so lively. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

The long-legged woman had taken out one of her clothes, and it was very pretty.

"Wait!" Chen Xiang anxiously shouted, if he was really going to make himself look like a woman, he would definitely have a shadow in the future.

"This is the only way!" The long-legged lady revealed a sly smile, as though she also wanted to see how Chen Xiang would look like after he became a woman.

"Yeah!"

"A grown man, what are you dawdling for!"

"Quick, take off your clothes. We’re starting now!"

"What are you standing there for? We often dress up as women, so it’s fine if you play as a woman once. "

Chen Xiang was speechless, these women were previously fierce, but now they wanted him to play the role of a woman.

"I have a better way! And it won’t be so troublesome. " After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he turned into a very cute little white kitten.

Chen Xiang helplessly meowed twice, then used his divine sense to transform it into a voice and said, "It’s fine if you all carry me out like this, it’s better than disguising yourself as a woman!"

"You ... You’re actually a soul type, and a cat spirit at that! " The long-legged lady anxiously carried Chen Xiang and petted him.

"No, I am a real human. I can just become a cat ... I can still change into something else, hurry up and take me out. " Chen Xiang said.

The few girls came over and pinched Chen Xiang who had turned into a little white cat, not believing that Chen Xiang was a human at all. Helplessly, Chen Xiang turned into a cute little squirrel again.

If they still did not believe him, Chen Xiang planned to turn into a snake or something even more terrifying to scare them to death!

In the end, Chen Xiang fell into the hands of the phoenix eyed woman. She seemed to like cats very much, and had turned Chen Xiang into a cat from a squirrel.

Although he was being groped and hugged by such a beauty, Chen Xiang still felt that he was not used to it.

The Imperial Palace was very big, just like a small city. There were mountains, rivers, and all kinds of palaces and buildings, as well as countless of gardens.

At this time, Chen Xiang followed a few ladies and sat on the carriage, using the Imperial Palace.

"Ladies, being able to get to know each other can be considered fate. I wonder if we can be friends?" Chen Xiang suddenly said. They were royal daughters after all, and were not weak, so it would be good if they could befriend each other.