Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang’s cultivation was not high, but his transformation technique was extremely powerful, allowing the few girls to broaden their horizons, they felt that Chen Xiang was also a good person, although there was some misunderstanding, but it had now been resolved. "A novel with a bit of vertex."

"Of course you can!" The long-legged woman said. She was the eldest sister, and upon seeing her nod, the other four younger sisters also nodded.

"I wonder what your names are!" Chen Xiang laughed.

"Zhou Zhiqin!"

"Zhou Qiqi!"

"Zhou Zhi Shu!"

"Zhou Zhi Tu!"

"Zhou Zhiyi!"

The women began to announce their names one by one. They went from big to small, but only the last word was different, so it was very easy to remember.

"It’s pretty easy to remember!" Chen Xiang laughed. "I wonder how I can contact you in the future?"

"Easy, there’s a place outside of the palace called the Heavenly Note Villa. If you want to find us, you can go there from time to time. We’ll often play there." Zhou Zhiqin said: "You can enter as long as you have Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, that place isn’t that strict."

The carriage had already been driven out of the palace, and Zhou Zhiqin had ran out in a place with no people, but Chen Xiang was still just a little kitten, even if he was seen by others, he would not have any suspicions. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Only after Chen Xiang left far away did he relax. He had finally escaped to an incredible place.

"It was really dangerous inside!" Chen Xiang had already transformed into his human form and was walking on the street.

"Yeah, it’s a good thing that this girl isn’t that kind of savage woman. Otherwise, you, a little scoundrel, would have turned into a dead scoundrel this time." Long Xueyi chuckled: "I never thought you would actually be so honest, you did not have any intentions of hitting them!"

Chen Xiang scoffed, "I have always been that obedient, okay?"

Although the Zhou sisters were all very beautiful, Chen Xiang still felt that Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou were more interesting. Furthermore, they had an extremely deep relationship with each other, and had experienced many things together, and after being with them for so long, no matter how beautiful they were, Chen Xiang would not take them to heart.

Previously, Peng profoundfei was also the one who shouted that he would get her to accompany them inside, but he wasn’t in the mood at all.

"The fifth floor seems to be much better than the third floor. That place is filled with water!" Chen Xiang saw a lot of people and soul types on the streets, and they all had decent strength. The reason they were cultivating here, was also to reach the higher levels of the Sixth Floor, which was the Tao-creation Place.

The people here all felt that the Tao-creation Place was a very sacred place, even though they had enough power to go, they were still here, because they wanted to wait until they could get stronger.

"There should be pills for sale here!" Chen Xiang released more than ten Mouse Man s and strolled around the streets. At the same time, he was asking everywhere for information, as this would allow him to quickly understand the situation on the fifth floor of the World Defying Stage Soul River.

Chen Xiang mainly wanted to see if there were any pills that could help someone break through in Aoshi Holy Stage. Although he already had Aohun holy bead, it was still not fast enough to use it. Furthermore, he still had to make Bai Youyou, Su Meiyao and the others stronger.

After around half an hour, Chen Xiang found a medicine shop through a Mouse Man.

The medicine shop was located in the middle of an empty plaza and looked like a magnificent palace. It looked extremely sacred, showing just how sacred the Alchemist was to the fifth floor.

"Isn’t that Zhou Zhiqin?" Chen Xiang saw a tall lady walking into the pill shop from afar through the Mouse Man.

Mouse Man also entered the pill shop and discovered that the cultivation levels of the people inside were not low. Furthermore, they looked like a very rich group of people, and it could be seen that pills were very expensive here.

"This little b * tch is here too!" Through the Mouse Man, Chen Xiang saw the charming woman with phoenix eyes, Zhou Qiqi.

The two of them were sitting next to a counter, listening to a middle-aged man talk about the effects of a pill.

Although Chen Xiang was not at the scene, but through the Mouse Man, he could see that the pill in the middle of the middle-aged man’s hands was extremely poor. First, the pill’s surface was extremely rough, and if it was an extremely good quality pill, its surface was as smooth as jade, sparkling and translucent.

The pellet in the middle-aged man’s hand was not only coarse, but also not round enough. It was oval in shape. Chen Xiang could determine that it was because the Alchemist did not have enough strength to refine the pill.

It wasn’t a big deal to concoct a substandard product. After all, it was normal to fail, but it wasn’t right to sell it.

Chen Xiang saw that the two beautiful girls were immersed in their conversation, and he knew that they were about to be tricked.

They were friends that Chen Xiang had just made, so he couldn’t just watch them get tricked.

Chen Xiang rushed as fast as he could to the palace-like medicine shop, inside it was a spacious hall with many counters, all of them were all different kinds of spirit herbs, but the quality was very average, there were even some that were very poor. The experienced Chen Xiang could tell at a glance that these were trash pills picked out, laid out to deceive people.

"Two ladies, what a coincidence, to actually meet you two here! What about your three younger sisters? " Chen Xiang came over to and Zhou Qi’s side and said.

Zhou Zhiqin and the rest were listening to the middle-aged man bragging about the effects of the pill, and were deep in thought. Suddenly, they heard Chen Xiang’s voice, which surprised them.

"They went back. Let’s go out and buy some pills." Zhou Zhiqin chuckled: "Right now, we are all at the peak of the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, so if we want to break through soon, we can only do it through consuming pills."

Chen Xiang felt that it was strange, they were the royal daughters of the imperial palace, and they actually did not use the Alchemist s in the imperial palace.

When the middle aged man saw Chen Xiang suddenly appearing, he secretly cursed in his heart, but he did not understand why Chen Xiang, other than her looks, was dressed so poorly. She wore ordinary clothes, and her cultivation was far inferior to the two girls, but was actually able to hook up with them.

"Young master, this kind of pill suits you well as well!" It’s a high rank World Defying holy Dan! " The middle-aged man revealed a professional smile on his face: "This pill is called the Primordial Divine Pill, you are currently in the middle stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, eating this pill will make breaking through the bottleneck much easier."

Chen Xiang looked at it, then frowned: "The quality of the pills here isn’t good, they don’t look good!"

The middle-aged man was stunned, he did not expect this suddenly popped out of nowhere to have such good taste.

"This was made by the top ten Alchemist s in our shop. The quality is guaranteed." The middle-aged man chuckled, "You don’t know much about pills, so don’t jump to conclusions."

"Chen Xiang, why do you say that this pill’s quality is not good? I think it’s okay! " Zhou Zhiqin asked.