Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Zhou Qiqi took the pill, looked at it carefully, and said, "This pill is really good, why do you say it is of poor quality?"

Chen Xiang secretly despised these two sisters. Of course he wouldn’t say it out loud, it was very hurtful.

"The surface of this pill looks very rough, and there are many granules on it. Moreover, this pill is not round at all. This is usually caused by an error during the process of condensing the pill. It can be said to be an inferior pill." Chen Xiang said: "I really shouldn’t have taken it out to sell."

Chen Xiang was right, but Chen Xiang actually dared to say such a thing, it was as if he was trying to ruin their reputation.

"What do you mean?" The middle-aged man’s voice sank, "You must be here to cause trouble!"

"I’m just speaking the truth!" Chen Xiang was not afraid of causing trouble either.

"I think you’re just talking nonsense." The middle-aged man pretended to be extremely angry, and his voice became much louder, so that many people could hear him.

A few people who were in charge of the store’s security hurried over. They were in charge of fighting when someone was causing trouble here.

Zhou Zhiqin frowned, she never thought that Chen Xiang would actually dare to cause such a ruckus, to actually say such a thing, for a large shop, it was extremely lethal.

Zhou Qi wanted to quickly stop her, but was stopped by Zhou Zhiqin. She transmitted her voice to Zhou Qi: "Second sister, let’s take a look first! Maybe we really were deceived, Chen Xiang is very evil, maybe he was right. "

"Brat, if you don’t clarify the situation today, you might not be able to get out of this gate. Even if you can get out, we will be the ones to throw you out." The middle-aged man rolled up his sleeves and said arrogantly.

Previously, when Chen Xiang saw this dazzling palace like shop, he thought that the pills sold here were good. However, when he entered, he was thoroughly disappointed.

"What I said was very clear. The pills that you concoct are of poor quality, you shouldn’t sell them. This can be considered a form of fraud." Chen Xiang’s tone was calm, as if he was extremely calm. With the two royal daughters by his side, he had nothing to be afraid of.

"Your words have humiliated the Alchemist. Don’t you know how sacred the Alchemist is?" The middle-aged man said coldly, "If you really don’t know, then it’s understandable. Just apologize and we won’t pursue this matter."

"The Holy Letter Pill Shop has been open for many years. We’re all here to buy pills, so how could the quality be poor?"

"Exactly, young man, don’t talk nonsense! This shop has been in the Imperial City for many years and every day is bustling with activity. Everyone has seen it with their own eyes. "

"Insulting Alchemist is a capital offense!"

Many people began to shout.

Chen Xiang was very surprised with this phenomenon. He felt that all of these people had never seen good pills before. There were Alchemist s here, but they were unwilling to take out good items and sell them to swindle others to obtain Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"Little brat, you’re not talented, but you’ve refined a few batches of pills. The quality of the pills I’ve refined is much better than this." Chen Xiang said helplessly: "The pills here and the medicinal ingredients here are all very inferior things, don’t tell me that you’ve never seen good things before?"

The group ridicule that Chen Xiang released immediately incurred the wrath of the crowd, and it was as if the entire hall had exploded into an uproar as all sorts of insults and insults exploded out, aimed straight at Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang’s expression of indifference made them even more furious.

Zhou Zhiqin and Zhou Zhiqin had seen good things before, and they had seen good ingredients before. Compared to the things placed on the counter here, they were indeed much better, but they had only come here to buy pills. The reason they often came here to buy pills was because the Alchemist s in the palace were all very busy, and the pills they had refined were all given to strong people from the empire.

Furthermore, they could only take one or two pills occasionally, but those pills were all the same as what Chen Xiang had said.

"You know how to refine pills?" It’s too funny! " That middle-aged man smirked. "It seems like you’re here to cause trouble. Someone, grab him and beat him up!"

A few late stage Aoshi Holy Stage s immediately walked over.

At this moment, Zhou Zhiqin took out a golden token, and said: "Wait, I am from the Imperial Palace, and am here to purchase pills!"

It’s actually someone from the Imperial Palace!

Everyone suddenly felt a burst of surprise and retreated, especially the few burly middle-aged men who wanted to capture Chen Xiang. They did not dare to approach him, as they could not afford to offend the people inside the Imperial Palace.

Just now, the pill seller was secretly shocked in his heart. He knew that these two girls definitely had noble backgrounds, but he never thought that they were from Imperial Palace, and could very likely be his royal daughter.

However, he knew a little about the situation inside the Imperial Palace. The two girls often came here to buy World Defying holy Dan s, which showed that they had fallen out with the Imperial Palace.

Furthermore, they had bought for such a long time, yet had yet to discover anything. From this, it could be seen that they had quite a bit of knowledge regarding medicinal pills.

Thinking of this, the middle-aged man relaxed.

"Is this kid your friend?" the middle-aged man asked.

"Yes, we just met." Zhou Zhiqin answered truthfully: "But I believe that he definitely wouldn’t say such words for no reason at all. I wonder if you can give him a chance to prove himself?"

"Of course you can, I already got people to send out the Alchemist from my shop, didn’t this guy say he knows how to concoct pills? "Alright, just let him refine a cauldron for me." The middle-aged man looked at Chen Xiang with disdain. He did not believe that Chen Xiang could refine a good pill, even though Chen Xiang had already seen through that their pills were of inferior quality.

Very quickly, two old men walked out. They had a faint medicinal scent all over their bodies, their hair was white, and they were dressed extremely plainly. This was the image of the Alchemist in everyone’s hearts.

Seeing these two Alchemist, everyone was suddenly filled with respect. They respected the Alchemist the most. And when Chen Xiang said that he was the Alchemist, they felt that it was a kind of insult to the Alchemist.

"First of all, I want to prove that most of the herbs here are of poor quality." Chen Xiang said: "It’s all because of the low quality medicinal ingredients that are half-dead and had problems during cultivation."

"How are you going to prove it?" That middle-aged man seemed to have great authority as he coldly spoke.

"Take out your medicinal ingredients and place them on the table." Chen Xiang said: "You can take any of the medicinal herbs inside the counter so that everyone will be able to see."

The middle-aged man harrumphed and took out ten or so medicinal herbs. They were all flowers and plants, and all of them looked withered and withered.

"These medicinal ingredients have all been specially prepared. That’s why the energy contained within them is so vigorous." The middle-aged man said.

Everyone nodded in agreement. Although they had seen fresh medicinal ingredients before, these Alchemist s had told them that they needed to be processed before eating them. The quality would also be higher. They would not doubt the words of the Alchemist, so they believed it.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!

inclusion = " ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidccc; padding: 15px20px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {margin: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tMicrosoft Yahoo; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; mardin-bottom: 5px;}

Scan 2-D code to pay attention to 17K storyline official WeChat, the latest chapter can also be seen on WeChat! Click on the top right corner of WeChat + sign, choose add friends, search public number "wap17K" to pay attention to us. Reply to "Big Awards + your QQ number" to participate in the event. 10 iphone6, 10,000 QQ members waiting for you to receive!