Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"How much are you selling these medicinal herbs for?" Chen Xiang asked: "Wait, I want everyone here to try eating this grass, so I have to buy it."

"Eight thousand Jin of Divine Earth Crystal!" The middle-aged shopkeeper said.

As expected, Chen Xiang took out four thousand kilograms of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals.

Everyone had previously thought that he was a poor kid for being so generous.

After that, Chen Xiang cut all the medicinal ingredients into two halves in front of everyone. He then took out a jade bottle and said: "There’s a kind of divine liquid inside this jade bottle that can restore the medicinal ingredients to their fresh state. At that time, I can randomly choose a person to come out and let them taste the same medicine separately, in two different states."

After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he dropped the water droplets from the jade bottle onto half of the medicinal herbs. Surprisingly, they quickly returned to their original fresh state, causing the middle-aged shopkeeper and the Alchemist to feel fear and trepidation upon seeing them.

Those medicinal ingredients were all dead, they couldn’t save them, but when Chen Xiang dripped a drop on them, they actually resurrected.

They started to worry. If Chen Xiang proved it, then their reputation would be ruined.

Following that, Chen Xiang randomly picked out a few people from the crowd to try out the ingredients that weren’t good to eat, and he quickly came to the conclusion that the herbs that had recovered to be fresh would be even better.

"Alright then!" Zhou Qiqi, who had tried it herself, suddenly became furious. "You guys are actually doing something to deceive us!"

"Most of the medicinal herbs sold here are withered and dead. I’ve only used the divine liquid to revive them. If everyone has any fresh medicinal herbs, you should all eat them yourself." Chen Xiang said in a clear voice.

"You ..." The corner of the middle-aged shopkeeper’s mouth twitched. He was extremely angry, but with the two royal daughters here, it wouldn’t be good for them to flare up.

At this moment, everyone began to question the quality of the new medicinal herbs. Compared to the fresh ones, the ones sold here were simply rubbish.

"What else do you have to say? You lied to us for so long! " Zhou Zhiqin said coldly.

"Miss Zhou, I remember you had a pill called Heart Devouring Pill. If you give it to people to eat, it will be very painful to tell a lie. Can’t you just give them one?" Chen Xiang laughed.

Heart Devouring Pill! Hearing that, the shopkeeper immediately broke out in a cold sweat. The two old Alchemist s beside him were the same, they knew how terrifying that thing was.

Everyone had long since heard of the Heart Devouring Pill and knew that it was an extremely precious pill. Now that they saw the middle-aged shopkeeper frightened to such an extent, they were even more suspicious.

At this moment, an old man suddenly walked out. Looking at the old man’s extraordinary demeanor, one could tell that he was a person with a lot of power in the shop.

"Boss Zhao!" The storekeeper hastily shouted.

"I understand everything here now!" Boss Zhao nodded his head and said in a clear voice, "The quality of the herbs sold here are indeed the worst because we use all of them for concocting pills! The effects of the herbs are extremely small, so we will choose the ones that are not of good quality and use them for sale! "

"If everyone wants to buy good herbs, that’s fine, but the price is definitely not something you can accept. You must know the price of growing herbs, in order to create a higher value, we will use good herbs to refine pills."

Boss Zhao looked at the crowd and continued, "You should have been to many cities and other empires. The medicinal herbs sold by the major pill shops are all like this. This is one of the unspoken rules of our pill business."

Chen Xiang cursed in his heart. This guy actually turned black into white.

"Fellow brother, your doubts are good, and it is for everyone’s benefit that you have succeeded in proving that the medicinal herbs that we are selling are of poor quality. I admit this!" Boss Zhao said, "If the herbs here were of the highest quality, then the price would be ten times more expensive. However, the effect of good herbs is at most ten times more effective than bad herbs. This is the same price, so no one would lose out in buying it."

Chen Xiang secretly cupped his hands in respect to Boss Zhao in his heart. He actually spoke in such a righteous manner, even saying that he lied to her for your own good.

At this moment, no one made a sound. Boss Zhao’s words made a lot of sense, making it difficult for anyone to refute him.

"Alright, let’s not talk about the medicinal ingredients, talk about the World Defying holy Dan! Are you World Defying holy Dan good or bad? " Chen Xiang had already proven that the quality of the ingredients was poor, although Boss Zhao had already recovered, but everyone would definitely resent this matter.

"Of course it’s good!" Boss Zhao looked at the pellet and said, "Although it doesn’t look beautiful on the surface, our Alchemist only strives for quality, not beauty. So, you can’t judge from the surface that this pellet is not good."

"I have a test tool here that can test the quality of the pill." Boss Zhao was indeed worthy of having opened a store for so many years. He had lied for so many years, and now, he seemed to be extremely calm. It was as if he was confident that he could calm down this matter.

Boss Zhao took out a round box. He opened the lid of the round box and placed a pill inside. Then, he said to everyone, "Everyone has seen the pill that is about to be tested!"

Everyone nodded.

Boss Zhao closed the lid and saw a number appear on the round lid of the round box.

"Everyone, can you see this? This is a Ninety Tier Pill!" The higher the number, the higher the quality. " Boss Zhao held the box and showed the cover to everyone so that they could see the numbers on it.

"Just eat a Heart Devouring Pill and answer us." Chen Xiang said: "Perhaps you did something to this box." Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"It’s very easy for problems to arise from the Heart Devouring Pill. Sometimes, even if you don’t answer a question, your heart will still feel a stabbing pain. Even if you suffer serious injuries, I won’t recklessly test it out." Boss Zhao sneered.

With a few words, he reasonably refused to eat the Heart Devouring Pill, yet he couldn’t force him.

"If you doubt it, why don’t you go to the Imperial Palace and borrow a test box. Compared to my box, you will know whether it is real or fake." Boss Zhao looked at Zhou Zhiqin and Zhou Qi.

Zhou Zhiqin said a few words to Zhou Qi, telling her to quickly go back and get it. She would definitely get a result today, because looking for the boss now seemed to be too untrustworthy.

Everyone was very patient. After an hour, Zhou Qiqi brought out a test kit that was slightly bigger than Boss Zhao’s.

Then, Zhou Zhiqin personally tested it, and the result was 90!

"Now everyone can see that the quality is the same." Then, he took out a few pills from the counter and gave them to Zhou Zhiqin for test. The results were all above 90, with the highest receiving 97.

Zhou Zhiqin frowned as he looked at the box below him, because the box was inside Imperial Palace, there would be no problem at all.

"Little brother, if you can concoct high quality pills that surpass ours, that would mean that the quality of our pills is inferior. Didn’t you say that you had concocted a few batches of pills before?" "If you’re so capable, why don’t you try using the pills you concoct?!" Boss Zhao said in a proud tone, because he saw that everyone approved of their store. This was all due to the quality of the pills they had just seen.