Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

When everyone saw the quality of the pills being tested so high, they were filled with trust towards this shop. After all, they were all in their nineties!

Zhou Zhiqin and Zhou Qi were both looking at Chen Xiang, and everyone was looking at Chen Xiang, hoping that he would take out a higher quality pill to prove himself, if not he would deliberately cause trouble.

Chen Xiang on the other hand had a relaxed expression, as if he was not the least bit surprised by the quality of the pills tested.

"Didn’t you say that you know how to concoct pills? "Take out the pills you refined and test them out. Let me show everyone the quality of these pills!" At this moment, Boss Zhao was very pleased with himself, thinking that he had settled the matter.

"The alchemy I refined was of a lower grade, perhaps just a low-grade World Defying holy Dan." Chen Xiang said: "But if we were to test their quality, I think that they would most likely be higher than yours."

"It doesn’t matter for low-rank World Defying holy Dan. As long as the quality is higher than ours, it will prove that the quality of the pills here is very poor. It also proves that you’re right." Boss Zhao said.

Although the pills being sold here were all crude, the fact that Boss Zhao could trick so many people for so long showed that there were very few Alchemist s here. Furthermore, all the shops had a tacit understanding with each other to sell this kind of pills, and then use the test box made by them to deceive everyone.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang took out a Aohun holy Dan. This was the product of a Young girl Danling, but the quality was high.

After Chen Xiang took out the pellet, many people looked at it in a daze because the pellet released a pale golden light. The Aohun holy Dan’s surface was also extremely smooth, as if it was wrapped in a layer of light gold crystals.

"Is this a pill?" Zhou Zhiqin could hardly believe that this pill could actually be as beautiful as a gem.

Chen Xiang had seen all kinds of beautiful pills, and compared to some of the pills, Aohun holy Dan could only be considered normal.

"Yes!" Chen Xiang nodded his head: "This is suitable for Peak of World Defying crazy realm s to eat. After eating enough, you will be able to step into the Aoshi Holy Stage."

Zhou Zhiqin knew that Chen Xiang came from the 3rd level of World Defying Stage Soul River and was not a person from this world. She had also heard that in other worlds, there were more people with weak cultivations.

"If you don’t believe me, I can give everyone a try. I still have some left." Chen Xiang took out more than ten pills, and casually picked out a few Peak of World Defying crazy realm s to eat. All of the people who ate these pills were young people, and some of the youths amongst them were young masters.

After they ate it, they immediately began to praise it endlessly. They said that this was the best pill they had ever eaten. After eating it, they felt as if there was a life force circulating within their bodies. Self-refinement was extremely helpful.

A few wealthy young masters even asked Chen Xiang if there were anymore, they wanted to buy some from him at a high price.

Boss Zhao became anxious, because he was someone who knew what was good for him. Although he did not take the pellet himself, just by looking at the surface, he knew that Chen Xiang’s Aohun holy Dan s were of good quality.

"No matter how high he is, he can’t possibly be that high. Furthermore, his pellet of pellet is a lower tier Aohun holy Dan, at most, it would be of ninety percent quality." Boss Zhao thought to himself.

Chen Xiang gave the pill to Zhou Zhiqin, asking him to use the box to test its quality.

Soon, an unbelievable figure appeared on the surface of the box!

"Eight hundred and thirty points!" Zhou Zhiqin cried out in disbelief, and Boss Zhao who was at the side was also dumbstruck. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"Your box must have broken, and been tested with mine!" Boss Zhao hastily shouted.

Zhou Zhiqin immediately gave the pill to Boss Zhao. After using his box to test the pill, he still found it to be 830 years old, and both of his hands were trembling as he held onto the box.

The two old Alchemist s were also stunned. There was such a high quality pill, but refining such a high quality pill would take a long time and would require a lot of medicinal ingredients.

But now, there was actually someone who could use it to refine low rank World Defying holy Dan!

Everyone was stunned on the spot, their hearts surging with anger. Now they finally understood that the original quality of ninety was not high, but very low.

Boss Zhao’s previous tests had misled everyone into thinking that the highest quality pills could be found in a hundred pills. However, the quality of the pills in here were all above ninety and were close to a hundred. Everyone subconsciously thought that they were very high.

It was only until Chen Xiang took out the Aohun holy Dan s that they knew that this quality was not top-notch.

"Boss Zhao, do you have anything else to say?" Chen Xiang smiled lightly: "Of course, all the shops here do this, it is obvious that they have already formed a kind of unspoken rule, to deceive those who do not know much about medicinal pellets! Your explanation of the herbs was reasonable, but what about the pills? These pills are much more expensive than medicinal ingredients, but they are actually such inferior items. "

"I will make a wild guess. All the best pills will be kept by you. You can either secretly sell them to those super powers or use them for yourselves!" "These pills that are of inferior quality due to a slip of the hand are placed here at a high price to swindle everyone." Chen Xiang laughed: "Do you think I guessed right?"

The people who were the most furious should be Zhou Zhiqin and Zhou Qiqi, because in all these years, they had not eaten any good pills, and the food they ate was of a very poor quality.

If not for what happened today, many people would not have known that the real pill was so beautiful and of such high quality.

The flesh on Boss Zhao’s face twitched as he said in a low voice, "You little rascal, you’re finished!"

"Am I finished? Is it because I have exposed this matter so that you cannot continue to deceive everyone? " Chen Xiang laughed out loud: "Everyone has seen his ugly expression, right!"

Everyone saw this. In any case, they would never come back here to buy pills again. They would rather not have it.

Initially, Chen Xiang did not want to make this a big deal, but back then when he advised Zhou Zhiqin and Zhou Qi not to buy it, the middle-aged shopkeeper was stubborn, and did not admit that their pills were fake, and even said that he had insulted Alchemist. All sorts of slander towards him made everyone look at him with hostility, which was why he decided to bring this matter to the end.

Later on, this Boss Zhao also came out, causing him to become even more angry.

"To be honest, everyone’s pills are of poor quality! The main reason was because the best quality pills were secretly ordered by the major powers. Furthermore, it would take a long time to refine the best quality high quality pills! But the pills that this brat took out are extremely low quality pills, and they are only for the World Defying crazy realm s to eat. Therefore, it is wrong for him to be able to refine many of the higher quality pills in a short period of time and then compare them with our high level pills. " Boss Zhao was still able to come up with a bunch of logic even at this stage.

This book begins with 17K, the first time you look at the original content!

inclusion = " ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidc; padding: 15px20px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {margin: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tMicrosoft Yahoo; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; mardin-bottom: 5px;}

Scan 2-D code to pay attention to 17K official WeChat, the latest chapter can also be seen on WeChat! Click on the top right corner of WeChat + sign, choose add friends, search public number "wap17K" to pay attention to us. Reply to "Big Awards + your QQ number" to participate in the event. 10 iphone6, 10,000 QQ members waiting for you to receive!