Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Everyone already knew that the medicinal pellets sold by this shop were of poor quality and had already achieved the effect that Chen Xiang had expected. Therefore, he did not plan to continue arguing with Boss Zhao, as it was a waste of time.

"Say what you like! I have always suspected that your pills were of the worst quality, and at that time, I don’t know who said that the pills were of the highest quality, and kept insulting Alchemist! Even if there is a reason behind it, the fact that you all are big liars cannot be denied. " Chen Xiang said.

Everyone saw the middle-aged shopkeeper slapping his chest to ensure that the quality of the pills was the best, yet now he was admitting that the pills were of the worst quality. Wasn’t this just slapping his own face?

Hearing the whispers and discussions of the crowd, Boss Zhao became even angrier. They had indeed lost.

"Someone, arrest him!" The furious Boss Zhao suddenly shouted.

After being shocked, Zhou Zhiqin and Zhou Qi immediately stood in front of Chen Xiang.

"You dare?" Zhou Zhiqin shouted coldly.

"Why would I not dare? If it were your elders in the Imperial Palace, they would also do the same. If you don’t move away, then don’t blame us for being impolite. " Boss Zhao sneered, "You are the daughters of the Imperial Palace, but even you have been deceived for so many years, that proves the existence of these unwritten rules. Now someone is breaking these rules, this is the same as the entire world of pills."

The door to the shop had already been closed, and the people inside began to panic as the number of experts in the shop increased.

"Don’t worry, everyone. As long as you form a blood contract and promise not to tell anyone about what happened today, we’ll let you all off the hook." Boss Zhao said with a dark face.

Everyone was shocked. This Boss Zhao actually wanted to silence them by killing them. In order to ensure that this matter would not spread out, they had to resort to such a dark method!

Chen Xiang did not expect it to turn out like this, but after thinking about it, since these people could hide it from him for so long, it was clear that they had a very thorough plan, which was to kill them all!

"There are no peak Aoshi Holy Stage s, I shouldn’t have to worry about them!" Chen Xiang had already been surrounded by a few people, while Zhou Zhiqin and Zhou Qiqi were also stopped by a few elders.

But at this time, Chen Xiang had nothing to fear, he suddenly took out three Crystal emperor!

Crystal emperor!

Previously, when Chen Xiang bought those medicinal herbs straightforwardly, everyone could see that he was a very rich person. However, he was still surprised when he brought out three Crystal emperor s.

"What do you want?" Boss Zhao squinted at the three high quality Crystal emperor.

"Aren’t you guys working so hard for the sake of wealth? Take it! " Chen Xiang threw the Crystal emperor high into the air and even used the power of space, allowing the Crystal emperor to reach the rooftop in an instant.

Even the experts at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage would be moved by the Crystal emperor, let alone the late stage Aoshi Holy Stage. More than ten people flew out to snatch the three pieces of Crystal emperor, and even Boss Zhao jumped up in a hurry.

Of course, Boss Zhao knew what Chen Xiang was thinking, it was to lure them away, but he was sure that Chen Xiang would definitely not leave the shop.

However, just as they were about to capture the three Crystal emperor, Chen Xiang hastily sent a sound transmission to Zhou Qi and Zhou Zhiqin: "Prepare to run!"

Just as he finished his sound transmission, there was suddenly a loud bang from above. A wave of pressure from the shock wave caused everyone to feel as if they were being pressed down by millions of pounds of force. At the same time, there was also a scorching wave of pressure from the shock wave.

The intense explosion caused the people inside the shop to stagger, and they all fell to the ground. A huge hole was smashed through the luxurious palace, and the door was blown away.

Crash! *

The dozen or so people who had jumped up earlier were all blown to pieces. That Boss Zhao should be the strongest and also the fastest one to react, but he still lost an arm from the blast and was seriously injured. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"Everyone run!" Chen Xiang shouted and disappeared.

Boss Zhao fell to the ground like a burnt pig. His half-opened eyes were filled with rage. He had been tricked by such a kid.

Only then did Zhou Zhiqin and Zhou Qi react, they anxiously followed Chen Xiang out of the destroyed shop, and then everyone also ran out like a swarm of bees.

The elixir shop was the largest in the imperial city and its location was also the most bustling one. The sudden outburst of such activity had alarmed many people.

"You are too reckless!" Zhou Zhiqin turned his head to look at the palace that had been blown apart, and exclaimed.

"They were the ones who messed around first. If I’m not like this, they would definitely kill me and you guys would also be forced to make some blood contract. Are you willing?" Chen Xiang curled his lips and said: "It’s best that you don’t return to the Imperial Palace during this period of time. You should first secretly contact your three sisters and scout out the rumors about the Alchemist s.

Zhou Zhiqin and Zhou Qi had already realized the seriousness of this situation. Anyone who was able to force Boss Zhao to sign a blood contract could be seen.

"What about you?" Zhou Zhiqin said.

"This world is so big, I can go anywhere I want." Chen Xiang chuckled, and spoke without hesitation.

"Alright, let’s hide for a while." Zhou Zhiqin sighed, they also had a secret hiding place here.

After Chen Xiang bid farewell to them, he hurriedly went to a place devoid of people and used a transformation technique to change his appearance.

"This group of fellows, wasted my three Crystal emperor!" Chen Xiang felt his heart ache. He had refined those three Crystal emperor before, using the method of refining pellets to refine the Explosion Incantation and the Fire Curse Incantation. That was why they had exploded with such powerful might.

As a Alchemist, Chen Xiang definitely could not bear to see someone using such a low quality medicinal pellet to lie to. If he had to say it was a low quality medicinal pellet, then it would be something that you and I would both wish for.

He also did not leave the city immediately. Instead, he used the Mouse Man to spread the news of this incident, letting more and more people know about the dark behind the pill shop’s curtain, and not be fooled again.

The majority of the people who came out of the house were rich young masters or similar people. They spread the news to the rest of the city very quickly, and then spread it to other cities.

In the past few days, Chen Xiang had understood that the shop did not belong to Boss Zhao. Boss Zhao was just a puppet, and there was someone else behind the scenes.

"Most of them are nobles! "Ai, I wonder how those two sisters are doing. They should be fine." Chen Xiang did not want to harm them.

This matter gave rise to a huge commotion, because finally, someone exposed such a shady situation. Over the years, there were many people who suspected, but because these people were afraid of strong powers and also worried that no one would believe them, they never dared to step out.

Thailand’s most popular female anchorwoman new love video exposure down the male host!