Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had been to many large and small worlds, and had seen many great forces that focused on pills for profit. Although he was somewhat unscrupulous, he had never seen a shop that sold the worst quality pills, and it was done by all the great powers in the fifth floor of the World Defying Stage Soul River.

In just ten days, this matter had spread to several empires. The business of those shops immediately decreased. Many people were furious when they found out that the pills they consumed were all disposed of as garbage.

The most important thing was that they had used a lot of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals to buy it, but what they had obtained was trash.

"I also do not have any strength. Otherwise, I would have let these guys have a good time." Chen Xiang strolled on the streets, asking for all sorts of useful information.

He had already told Qin Shuang to sense the Transmission array here earlier, but he could not find it.

Although he was in a hurry to go to the Tao-creation Place, he understood that it would be very dangerous if he did not have enough strength to go there.

"I heard that this matter has already attracted the attention of the Heavenly Proud Divine Lord."

"Hmph, back then there were two royal daughters at the scene, and even they were tricked. This Heavenly Proud Divine Lord might have also been doing something in the dark."

"No one believes in any of the pill shops these days, so how can I buy any good pills in the future?"

"I don’t know. In short, I heard that there will be a gathering of Alchemist s in the future, and that’s the reason why they are discussing about it."

"This group of Alchemist are all a nest of snake rats. They probably gathered together to discuss how to deceive us."

Chen Xiang heard some of the young masters discussing about this matter. From their conversation, he could tell that these young masters were not stupid.

"Hello everyone!" Chen Xiang walked into the hotel, and stood at the side, laughing: "Seeing that you guys are still discussing about the pills, I wonder if you guys can join?"

Chen Xiang was even holding onto two pots of good wine.

"Of course you can!" A red-clothed man with a long face laughed and hurriedly invited Chen Xiang to sit down, because he could already tell that the two jugs of wine in Chen Xiang’s hands were pretty good.

After Chen Xiang poured some wine for them, he asked: "Everyone, could it be that in this place, the strongest is the one in the Imperial Palace?"

"Of course, in such an empire, the strongest is of course the people from the Imperial Palace." A man sighed and said, "Every year, small clans like ours have to pay tribute to us. We also have to give gifts to all sorts of influential people or things like that. Otherwise, it would be hard to survive." T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"Is the strongest person in the Imperial Palace the emperor?" Chen Xiang asked again.

"That’s not it either. Anyway, I heard from my grandfather that there are many powers in the Imperial Palace and that the emperor can’t really manage it well either."

"That’s right! Even his daughter was deceived for so many years, that alone shows that the Imperial Palace’s medicinal pellets are not under the emperor’s control. "

"It was this matter that exposed the Emperor’s power. Previously, they were fighting in secret, and we could only see the flowers in the fog. Now, we can see even more clearly."

"In other words, the person that distributed the medicinal materials isn’t under the Emperor’s control?" Chen Xiang’s eyes lit up. He felt that he could go and have a talk with this Emperor, but the prerequisite was that he had to confirm if this Emperor was as he had guessed.

After Chen Xiang chatted with these young masters for a while, he even found out a very useful piece of news, which was that all the Alchemist s had very high statuses. Some of them were even the big bosses of the large families, or could secretly control a region of strength.

Of course, these were only the high level Alchemist s, but low level Alchemist s were no weaker!

Chen Xiang left the hotel and headed towards the Heavenly Sound Villa.

Previously, Zhou Zhiqin had told him that if he wanted to find them, he could go to the Heavenly Sound Villa from time to time.

The Heavenly Note Villa was also a hotel, but it was a manor like hotel. All sorts of things were expensive, facing the middle and upper class nobles.

Chen Xiang had Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, so he had very easily sneaked in. He even had a small house, and then released his Heaven devouring rat to scout the royal daughters.

In just half a day’s time, he saw Zhou Zhiqin here. The place they were staying at was a medium-sized old house, and was in a very secluded location in the Villa.

Chen Xiang immediately rushed over and stood at the door and knocked lightly.

Zhou Zhiqin vigilantly looked through a hole in the wall, and upon seeing Chen Xiang’s familiar face, she was pleasantly surprised.

"Chen Xiang, how did you find us?" Zhou Zhiqin immediately opened the door and let Chen Xiang in.

"It’s too easy." Chen Xiang laughed, then walked in and looked around. This house was much better than his.

After seeing Chen Xiang, she laughed: "I thought you had left the Heavenly Ao Empire!"

"I was going to leave, but I suddenly thought of something, so I decided not to go first for the time being." Chen Xiang laughed and followed Zhou Zhiqin into a hall.

Chen Xiang sat down and drank his tea, then asked: "You guys are just going to stay here, is there really no problem?"

"That won’t happen. Our royal father dotes on us, so we believe he won’t harm us." Zhou Zhiqin sighed: "Things are very complicated."

"I know, that’s why I’m back!" Chen Xiang laughed: "I am an upright Alchemist, so I feel that I should do something."

Now, Zhou Zhiqin and the others believed in Chen Xiang, otherwise Chen Xiang would not be able to expose the dark curtain of the shop.

"Then what are you going to do? All in all, we now understand that this world is controlled by the Alchemist. They used cheap prices to buy the best medicinal ingredients and refined the best medicinal pellets for themselves to eat, and then sold the worst kind of medicinal pellets at a high price to get a large amount of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals and then bought the best medicinal ingredients. Zhou Qiqi said.

They were also people who had been scammed. Thus, when they thought of this matter, they felt extremely displeased. After all, they had been scammed for so many years.

"I don’t know yet." Chen Xiang thought about it, and it was true that he did not have a thorough plan. This was mainly because his strength was too weak, and he was unable to change everything here.

"However, you have already done very well. At the very least, many people will know the truth and not be deceived. This is already a very great thing." Zhou Zhiqin’s face was full of a praising smile.

"I feel that your royal father should be very helpless towards this sort of thing. I wonder if I can meet him and have a chat with him?" Chen Xiang asked.

"You can’t do that. Right now, his movements are restricted. If others were to find out that he had received you, the public enemy of the world of pills, then he would be in deep trouble." Zhou Qiqi shook her head.

"Then can you help me send the message?" Chen Xiang said.

"That’s no problem. What do you want to talk to him about?" Zhou Zhiqin nodded.

"Help me ask if he knows about Gu Tong and a guy called Super Yang Old Ancestor." Chen Xiang said: "I’ll ask about that for now."