Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Zhou Zhiqin subconsciously thought about it, but when she realized that she hadn’t heard Chen Xiang talk about these two people, she still couldn’t find any related memories.

"Alright, I will pass on the news." Zhou Zhiqin said: "Right now, it isn’t appropriate for you to see my royal father. When the time is right, I will arrange for you to meet him."

Chen Xiang was a Alchemist, so Zhou Zhiqin felt that her royal father might be willing to rope him in.

Zhou Zhiqin and the others were also just ordinary daughters. Although their cultivation was not weak, they had grown up in the Imperial Palace and had not experienced much, so they did not understand much about it. Now that something so big had happened, it would be inconvenient for them to ask about it.

And in these past few days, Chen Xiang had been using the Mouse Man s to gather all kinds of information. He had a large number of Mouse Man s and a large number of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals.

One month after the incident at the Holy Letter Shop, Chen Xiang finally got some useful information. He had already found out who the power behind the Holy Letter Shop was, and he had a good guess.

It was just that he still did not know who was in the Imperial Palace, in short, that this person was someone with a high authority, even within the Imperial Palace.

There was a reply to what Zhou Zhiqin asked about, which made Chen Xiang more excited.

"My father said that he knew these two, but it was inconvenient for them to talk." Zhou Zhiqin said: "He should be busy with other things now, when he has time in the future, when the commotion regarding this matter has passed, we can go talk to him."

"Chiqin, does your father have any enemies in the Heavenly Proud Imperial Palace?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Nope." Zhou Zhiqin shook his head.

"Even if there is, we definitely do not know about it. In short, even if we are in the Imperial Palace, there are many forbidden grounds that we cannot go to, and as for why, we do not know either, all we know is that our royal father had warned us to not go to, that we could not go to." Zhou Qiqi said.

"Then, within the Heavenly Proud Imperial Palace, do you know who has the most power other than your royal father?" Chen Xiang asked again, "You should know about this, right?"

"Only the King’s father-in-law, the father of the empress, is a Alchemist. He is at the peak of the Aoshi Holy Stage and his strength is about the same as my royal father. He is in charge of the entire’s Primordial Pill Palace and is in charge of the supply of medicine pills. Zhou Zhiqin thought about it and said.

"You are not the empress’s daughters?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Father has many women ... "Although our mother is one of his favorites, she doesn’t have much power. Because she couldn’t stand the conflicts in the palace, she left early to go with my grandparents. It’s been a long time since we’ve seen her." Zhou Zhiqin sighed.

Chen Xiang said: "It’s most likely this King’s father-in-law!"

"What do you mean?" Zhou Qiqi looked at her elder sister, puzzled.

"The boss behind the shop is this King’s father-in-law. I’ve heard some news that there are powers of the Imperial Palace behind the shop." Chen Xiang said: "The reason that Boss Zhao dared to make a move on you all back then, was because of this King’s father-in-law!"

Zhou Zhiqin and Zhou Qi looked at each other, their faces filled with worry. Although they were unable to confirm whether what Chen Xiang said was true or not, they still had such doubts.

"Big Sis! Big Sis!" Suddenly there was a knock at the door.

Zhou Zhiqin quickly opened the door and saw a delicate and pretty girl with a face full of anxiety. It really was Zhou Zhiqin’s Third Sister, Zhou Zhishu.

"Third sister, what’s the matter?" Zhou Zhiqin saw Zhou Zhi Shu’s haggard expression and asked anxiously.

"I was chased by someone ... Fourth Sister and Fifth Sister were both taken. " Zhou Zhi Shu was already crying.

Chen Xiang anxiously closed the door, he had already taken out his Six Realms mirrors.

"What’s going on? Aren’t you guys in the Imperial Palace? You should be looking for royal father! " Zhou Zhiqin became anxious and shouted continuously: "Quickly tell me, what exactly happened?"

Zhou Zhi Shu cried and said, "When we left the palace, we were surrounded. The fellows that attacked us are all very strong, Fourth Sister and Fifth Sister dragged us along and told me to escape to find you ... I do not dare to return to the palace, because at this time, royal father has already been placed under house arrest in the palace. "

"Is it possible that your Fourth and Fifth Sisters will be taken back to the palace?" Chen Xiang frowned, thinking about something.

"No, after I saw them grab Fourth Sister and Fifth Sister, I quickly ran away from Imperial Palace." Zhou Zhi Shu quickly said.

Chen Xiang felt that this matter was more or less because of him, so he had to think of a way to save Zhou Chi Hua and Zhou Qi Yi.

"They are inside. Seal them inside." A shout came from outside, followed by a sealing force. A translucent red light barrier pressed down, enveloping the mansion.

"Yes ..." It’s the Second Prince’s voice. " Zhou Zhiqin frowned: "The Second Prince is the empress’s son, why would he appear here?"

Chen Xiang’s expression became grave. He was certain that the people in the fifth floor of the World Defying Stage Soul River had a very profound understanding of array formations and enchantments. He had previously seen Night lone wolf in the third floor and had mastered the Tao-creation’s incantations.

And the seal now had the power of the Tao-creation’s incantation. This Tao-creation’s incantation was even heavier.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM! After the barrier appeared, the walls of the mansion suddenly collapsed due to a strong pressure. There were more than ten people outside the barrier.

"Second Prince, what are you doing?" Zhou Zhiqin shouted coldly.

"This fellow must be the person who made a move at the Holy Letter Shop that day, is his name Chen Xiang?" The Second Prince was dressed in luxurious golden clothes and wore a golden crown on his head. He looked extremely arrogant.

"It’s the top ten royal guards!" Zhou Qiqi said, "But the stronger one among the Imperial Palace s is at the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage!" Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Great, the reason we’re here to catch you guys is to find this guy." The Second Prince laughed, "Remove the barrier, I want to catch this guy myself. King’s father-in-law will definitely praise me when the time comes."

"Then you have to have the strength to do so! Even though you are only at the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, but look at you, you are just a weak chicken. Furthermore, when you do things, you want to be praised by others, you are just like a young child. Chen Xiang remained calm. As long as they were not people at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage, he was not afraid.

"What did you say?" The Second Prince did not expect that someone would actually dare to scold him.

"You weak chicken, trash, incompetent guy, you only dare bark like a dog when you’re leaning against a tree. If you don’t have that Queen King’s father-in-law backing you, then you’re just a piece of trash." Chen Xiang became even more furious and scolded the Second Prince.

Even Zhou Zhiqin and the other two sisters were stunned. They knew the Second Prince’s position because the crown prince had already died, and the Second Prince was the son of the empress, deeply favored by the King’s father-in-law. In the future, this Heavenly Proud Imperial Palace would be the Second Prince’s.