Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The Second Prince was so angry that he looked like a mad bull. He took out a long blade, and the moment the seal was removed, he immediately rushed forward, and fiercely slashed at Chen Xiang for hundreds of times.

Chen Xiang was only at the middle stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, but for some reason, this Second Prince’s several hundred blades in an instant did not even manage to hit Chen Xiang. Chen Xiang’s dodging speed was extremely fast, even faster than the Second Prince’s blade.

Just as they were about to attack, Qin Shuang, Su Meiyao, Bai Youyou and the three Poison monkey all ran out from the You Yao Mountain Villa.

The strength of the ten Emperor Guards was extremely terrifying. Zhou Zhiqin and the other two sisters thought that they would be defeated, but suddenly, the few girls that appeared helped them block a few of the Emperor Guards, greatly reducing their pressure.

"I’m here!" Although she looked like a little girl, the sealing power that she used was very strong. Furthermore, she had comprehended a bit of the Tao-creation Incantation, and with the addition of her mysterious and terrifying golden needle, her overall strength was not weak.

The three Poison monkey s were also very scary. Using the Counter Power’s concealment technique and poison sneak attack in the midst of chaos, three of the imperial guards were hit and fell to the ground.

The Second Prince was extremely anxious, he never thought that so many people would suddenly appear, and although the Chen Xiang in front of him was only at the middle stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, he was much more difficult to deal with than the two late stage Aoshi Holy Stage s.

"You don’t believe it yourself when I say you’re trash, but now you have witnessed it yourself! You are only at the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, and yet you can’t even touch my middle stage clothes. If I were you, I’d kill myself immediately. " Chen Xiang mocked, which made the Second Prince extremely angry.

"You only know how to speak, you bastard. If you have the guts, then fight back!" You’re always dodging. It’s because you can’t hit me that you don’t attack! Heh heh, you better not get cut by me, or else the blade in my hand will definitely cut you into two, my blade is made from the Tao-creation Holy stone. The Second Prince retaliated with words at the same time as he became angry.

"Is your knife really strong?" Chen Xiang laughed, took out the Six Realms mirrors and grabbed onto its edges, as if he was holding onto a round plate, and smashed at the blade that was slashing towards them.

Clang!

The blade that was coming at him hacked at the Six Realms mirrors that was coming at him. The blade actually cracked.

The Second Prince was stunned, his blade was refined from a Tao-creation Holy stone, he had cut through a number of Spirit Weapons refined from Crystal emperor before, but the Six Realms mirrors that was used to hack at Chen Xiang had actually cracked an opening.

"Do you see? Your blade is the same as yours, also a piece of trash!" In the instant that Chen Xiang stared blankly at the Second Prince, the Six Realms mirrors grew big.

It fiercely patted the Second Prince’s shoulder, and directly smashed his shoulder bone into pieces. The terrifying power that the Six Realms mirrors released from the Tao-creation Incantation fiercely rushed into the Second Prince’s body.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

The Second Prince cried out miserably as he spat out a large mouthful of blood, falling to the ground and rolling about.

Chen Xiang threw the Second Prince into the Tianchuang furnace s and imprisoned him there. Then, he arrived at Su Meiyao’s side in a flash.

These girls could only reluctantly deal with the royal guards, but after Chen Xiang joined them, he waved his Six Realms mirrors and crushed the royal guards one by one, turning them into ashes.

Su Meiyao and the rest did not sustain any injuries, and all of them entered You Yao Mountain Villa to rest. Their cultivation was also limited, being able to contend with the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage for a while had consumed a lot of energy.

"I’m fine!" Zhou Zhiqin had not regained her senses yet, and she had also paid a little attention to Chen Xiang just now. The Second Prince was already severely injured by Chen Xiang.

"What happened to those girls just now?" Of course, Zhou Qiqi and the others saw those beautiful women. Although their cultivation was not high, their various battle techniques were very powerful and they had rich battle experience.

"My woman!" Chen Xiang said indifferently: "Alright, now go save your two little sisters!"

Zhou Zhiqin and the others were secretly surprised, they suddenly understood why Chen Xiang had not been tempted by them before, it was because he already had a few beautiful women.

"I’m not your woman!" Qin Shuang snorted inside the You Yao Mountain Villa.

Chen Xiang looked at the Second Prince inside the Tianchuang furnace. Although the Second Prince’s cultivation level was not bad, usually when he fought battles, he would only meet cowards, and he rarely experienced actual combat. He always thought that relying on his powerful divine artifact to suppress others.

But this time, he met Chen Xiang. Not only did Chen Xiang have all kinds of powerful divine tools, he also had a lot of battle experience, and could defeat him with just a few moves.

The most important thing for them to do now was to bring the three sisters out of here. After Chen Xiang made them change their appearances, he brought them to an inn far away from the bustling area.

After Bai Youyou used the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell on the Second Prince, he already knew where the two sisters were imprisoned.

At this time, the Holy Letter Shop had already been repaired. Furthermore, there was a large underground palace under the Holy Letter Shop, and all of the Alchemist were concocting pills below.

"It’s not easy to enter that underground palace. The people here are extremely proficient in sealing barriers, and there are a few layers of strong barriers under the underground palace. Even if you use the Time and space power, it would be hard to penetrate." Bai Youyou said.

"Seems like I can only force my way in!" Chen Xiang said: "We have the Second Prince with us, I wonder if we can use him to force them to hand him over."

"It would be best if it could." Bai Youyou said: "King’s father-in-law is still in Imperial Palace, he seems to want to ask Heavenly Proud Divine Lord to cooperate with him for a few things, but Heavenly Proud Divine Lord is not willing, so he is under house arrest. If King’s father-in-law is not in Imperial Palace to restrict Heavenly Proud Divine Lord, then the power King’s father-in-law has in there will be disrupted by Heavenly Proud Divine Lord."

This was all information obtained from the memories of the Second Prince Bai Youyou.

"They only came to capture you to lure me out." Chen Xiang said: "This matter was caused by me, so I will definitely save them, you don’t have to worry."

Zhou Zhiqin nodded, they had already experienced Chen Xiang’s strength.

"You guys aren’t weak, as long as you don’t lose your courage when facing your enemies." At least the three of them could defend against five or six of the imperial guards previously. If it was just the three imperial guards who went with them, they would have easily taken care of them.

"Do you know where my sister and the others are imprisoned?" Zhou Qiqi asked.

"We’re at the Holy Letter Shop. Let’s rest first, make sufficient preparations, and then head out." Chen Xiang said.

While resting, Chen Xiang released the Time Domain and then took out more than ten pieces of Crystal emperor, refining the Tao-creation Incantation which could release a wild power into them.