Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The Crystal emperor that Chen Xiang refined could easily kill a late stage Aoshi Holy Stage. Although it was very easy for him to obtain his Crystal emperor, he did not want to waste it either.

"I wonder if the Alchemist here knows how to refine elixirs!" Chen Xiang had always been suspicious about this matter. He went to ask Bai Youyou, to see if he could find anything related from the Second Prince’s memories.

"I don’t think so. This Second Prince knows the arrogant Pill Palace in the Imperial Palace very well and is able to enter and exit it frequently. He has seen quite a few good pills and Alchemist s but he has never seen any pill spirits." Bai Youyou said.

"Then should I impersonate the Second Prince and go to the Holy Letter Shop?" Chen Xiang wanted to hear Bai Youyou’s opinion because she had swallowed the Second Prince’s memories.

"It’s best if they don’t. This guy is not easy to impersonate. Moreover, there are experts inside the shop right now. If they discover him, it’ll be very dangerous." Bai Youyou said.

After resting, Chen Xiang, Zhou Zhiqin and the other two sisters sat on the same carriage and drove towards the Holy Letter Shop.

"I will use the Second Prince to threaten them in exchange for your two sisters." Chen Xiang said: "They will definitely agree when the time comes."

From the memories of the Second Prince, Bai Youyou knew that although the Second Prince was a little arrogant, the King’s father-in-law and Queen took a liking to him. If he were to inherit the throne in the future, then it would definitely be the Empress and the King’s father-in-law who held authority behind him.

The Second Prince was raised by them, so they would definitely listen obediently.

When they arrived at the entrance of the Holy Letter Shop, it had already returned to its original state. However, the interior had become very calm, because many people no longer believed in these pill shops.

Chen Xiang, Zhou Zhiqin and the others did not change their appearances and directly appeared at the entrance of the Holy Letter Shop.

The location of the Holy Letter Shop was extremely prosperous to begin with, and some of the passersby immediately recognized Chen Xiang when they saw him.

Very quickly, many of the passersby stopped in their tracks, no one daring to approach, because it was clear what kind of conflict there would be. Last time, many of them witnessed the power of Chen Xiang’s explosive Crystal emperor, and directly shattered many late stage Aoshi Holy Stage s.

The appearance of Chen Xiang, Zhou Qi and the others also caused the people inside the Holy Letter Shop to be shocked.

"You all..." With the help of a large amount of pills, Boss Zhao was almost fully recovered. When he saw Chen Xiang, his anger overflowed to the heavens, and he was about to charge over.

"The second prince is in my hands!" Chen Xiang’s words immediately made Boss Zhao stop in his tracks.

Of course he knew that the Second Prince had gone to capture Zhou Zhiqin and the others.

But now that Chen Xiang, Zhou Zhiqin and the others were here, the Second Prince had no news of them. Even though there was news that a huge battle had broken out at the Heavenly Note Villa, there were no corpses present. Therefore, even though Boss Zhao and the rest didn’t know the exact situation, they felt that it was more likely to be a success.

Seeing that Boss Zhao did not believe him, Chen Xiang immediately dragged the Second Prince out from the Tianchuang furnace and slapped him a dozen or so times in front of Boss Zhao.

"Boss Zhao, quickly save me..." Mother is in the shop too, hurry up and let her come out to save me, she is at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage, she can definitely kill this brat ... "

Before the Second Prince could finish his words, he had been ruthlessly slapped by Chen Xiang several more times, and his face had even slanted away. What caused the Second Prince’s heart to collapse was, after Chen Xiang crippled his face, he actually touched a type of medicinal liquid, which allowed his face to quickly recover so that he could continue to slap him next time.

Chen Xiang placed the Second Prince back inside the Tianchuang furnace and spoke to the extremely angry Boss Zhao: "Hand over Zhou Qi Painting and Zhou Qi Yi and I will return the Second Prince to you. I will only give you one hour’s time."

Boss Zhao quickly turned around and returned to the shop, probably to find the empress.

Very quickly, Boss Zhao followed a purple-dressed middle-aged lady whose face was covered by a white veil out. When the middle aged woman came out, she looked at Chen Xiang with a sinister gaze.

Chen Xiang had never seen this kind of sinister and vindictive gaze before, and one that came from a woman.

"I can promise you that I will return those two girls to you, but you must guarantee that my son’s cultivation will not be affected." Then, she swept a glance at Zhou Zhiqin and the other two. Their delicate bodies trembled, as if they were extremely afraid of this woman.

"Sure, let them out now. You have to release them first!" Chen Xiang said: "Your precious son has only suffered a little physical pain, and his foundation is not affected at all."

After all, the Second Prince had to succeed him as a puppet. He couldn’t be too weak or he wouldn’t be able to make it onto the stage.

"Alright!" Heavenly Proud Empress turned and left.

Zhou Zhiqin bit his lips and said, "They have really fallen into the hands of the empress. They must have suffered a lot."

"What do you mean?" Chen Xiang frowned and asked.

Zhou Qiqi and Zhou Zhishu were on the verge of tears. It was obvious that they were well aware of this empress’s methods.

Chen Xiang now understood as well and comforted her, "Everything will be fine. After this matter is over, all of you should go find your mothers and stop staying in the Imperial Palace."

Zhou Zhiqin and the others nodded, their faces full of pain. It could be seen that they were very sure that their two little sisters who had been captured would be tortured.

When Heavenly Proud Empress, Boss Zhao and the others came out, Zhou Zhiqin’s face was already full of tears when he saw the two girls in black swaying out from the room behind them.

Just like what Zhou Zhiqin and the others had expected, they had already been tortured by the Queen.

Seeing them, Chen Xiang immediately clenched his fists tightly.

Heavenly Proud Empress, on the other hand, had a cold smile on her face. She seemed to be very happy to see Chen Xiang and Zhou Zhiqin’s reactions.

"They really are two extremely strong girls. If they refuse to tell me anything, it would be useless to keep them." Heavenly Proud Empress sneered, and pushed with his strength, allowing Zhou Chi Hua and Zhou Qi Yi to pass through.

Chen Xiang immediately rushed over, supported them up, and brought them back to Zhou Zhiqin and the others’ side.

Zhou Zhiqin hugged them and cried bitterly!

Zhou Chi Hua and Zhou Qi Yi knew that Chen Xiang came from the third floor, and they also knew about the mysterious Transmission array, but they didn’t say anything. In order to protect this secret, they had to endure a great deal of pain.

When Chen Xiang thought of this, an angry dragon’s roar came from within his heart. The sleeping Six beasts woke up in an instant, and without going through the Six Realms mirrors, it immediately fused together and turned into a raging fire Red fire dragon, roaring crazily in the Divine Sense Sea.

"Wait, all of you enter my Divine Sense Sea World!" Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to Zhou Zhiqin and the others.

Zhou Zhiqin and the others could only agree, they did not know what Chen Xiang wanted to do, but Chen Xiang’s anger seemed to have washed away the sorrow in their hearts, they could feel that Chen Xiang would definitely help them get it back!

"It’s your turn, hand over my son!" Although she saw that Chen Xiang was angry, she did not know that the Red fire dragon in Chen Xiang’s heart was about to be unable to hold back any longer.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!

inclusion = " ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidccc; padding: 15px20px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {margin: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tMicrosoft Yahoo; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; mardin-bottom: 5px;}

Scan 2-D code to pay attention to 17K storyline official WeChat, the latest chapter can also be seen on WeChat! Click on the top right corner of WeChat + sign, choose add friends, search public number "wap17K" to pay attention to us. Reply to "Big Awards + your QQ number" to participate in the event. 10 iphone6, 10,000 QQ members waiting for you to receive!Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates