Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

C3423

The Red fire dragon of Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea World continued to emit a wave of berserk might, as if it could break free from Chen Xiang’s control and charge out at any time.

Feeling the anger of the Red fire dragon, Chen Xiang finally understood that the Red fire dragon had already blended into one with him. Previously, he was still a little worried that the Red fire dragon would lose control and break away from his Divine Sense Sea World, but now, he was relieved.

The Red fire dragon was currently equivalent to his other soul. The anger, slaughter, evilness, and savagery deep within his soul, if he was unable to suppress them one day, then he would lose control over them.

Chen Xiang let the Second Prince out. The Second Prince looked a little haggard at the moment, but when he saw Heavenly Proud Empress, he immediately became excited and shouted, "Imperial Mother, quickly save me!"

"Chen Xiang, quickly release him!" When Heavenly Proud Empress saw Chen Xiang before, he was extremely furious but now he was calm. The calmness Chen Xiang displayed seemed to be like the calm before the arrival of a storm.

"I’ll send you there!" Chen Xiang said indifferently, once he said that, his arms suddenly shook, and a berserk force surged out, causing even the ground to tremble slightly.

Chen Xiang’s palm landed on the Second Prince’s back and sent him flying.

"Quick, catch him!" The Heavenly Proud Empress hastily shouted. Chen Xiang’s palm strike just now was extremely strange, as though he had used a very powerful force, but the Second Prince was still flying over.

Boss Zhao hastily jumped up and caught the Second Prince. However, just as he was about to catch the Second Prince, a shockwave suddenly exploded out from the Second Prince’s body!

Bang!

With a muffled sound, the Second Prince’s body suddenly swelled up and turned into a fog of blood!

Just now, Chen Xiang had sent the berserk incantation into the Second Prince’s body, so it seemed like he used a lot of strength, but the Second Prince did not react immediately.

Only after Boss Zhao borrowed the Second Prince did Chen Xiang manage to control the condensed power to form the Explosion Curse. It was the unparalleled power of the fusion of the Red fire dragon and Chen Xiang, so the resulting explosion Curse was naturally extremely terrifying.

When the spectators in the distance saw all of this, the lofty Second Prince of the Heavenly Proud Imperial Palace turned into a cloud of bloody mist and dissipated into the air! And it was even destroyed in front of the Heavenly Proud Empress!

Everyone could not believe their eyes. There was actually someone who dared to kill a second prince in public!

Zhou Zhiqin and the five sisters had seen it the most, but they had never thought of it.

"You guys go in first!" Chen Xiang immediately put the five girls, Zhou Qi and the others into the You Yao Mountain Villa.

At this moment, Boss Zhao’s face was covered in blood. Normally, he would have to bow before the Second Prince, but it had exploded just now. Even someone as experienced as him was trembling in fear at the sudden change in events.

"Boss Zhao, if you can’t kill him today, then go and die with him!" Heavenly Proud Empress was so angry that his entire body was trembling, his voice sounded like he was growling.

Boss Zhao roared and took out a long sword. His body burst with a burst of golden light and a set of armor appeared on his body.

Ever since he was blasted by Chen Xiang’s Crystal emperor, he became extremely cautious. Now, he could release a set of Divine Armor to protect his body and allow him to withstand even stronger attacks.

Boss Zhao was only at the peak of the later stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, although he was still a bit away from the peak, his strength was still far from the peak of the Aoshi Holy Stage.

And at this time, after Chen Xiang had awakened his Red fire dragon, the World Defying holy soul in his body had greatly improved, allowing him to directly break through the middle stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, and step into the late stage.

Chen Xiang summoned the Heavenly magic sword, and while it was trembling non-stop, Boss Zhao slashed down from afar. The sword qi was like dense black clouds as it gushed over, and like a monstrous black wave, the sword qi enveloped Chen Xiang in an instant, and erupted with lightning.

The people watching from afar had already scattered, otherwise they would have been affected by the shockwaves. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"You dog, you only have this much ability!" Chen Xiang roared, the Red fire dragon’s might shook out, although it did not appear, Chen Xiang’s angry roar was like a huge dragon’s roar, and the sound wave caused the buildings around to tremble.

The black colored sword aura that was surrounding Chen Xiang also disappeared into thin air, while the Heavenly magic sword in Chen Xiang’s hands had already undergone a huge change. The sword hilt had become a piece of bronze, while the sword blade had become as bright as a mirror.

Just now, Chen Xiang had merged the Six Realms mirrors and the Heavenly magic sword together!

Six Realms mirrors s added in a large amount of precious materials to modify and fuse with Heavenly magic sword s, making them even stronger!

Seeing the power that Chen Xiang had released, Boss Zhao felt that something was wrong, but Heavenly Proud Empress was watching by the side, so how could he retreat?

"You are just a bluff! Last time, you detonated the Crystal emperor that was inscribed with the Tao-creation’s incantation. Don’t think that I don’t know your tricks, you are just a weakling that relies on the Crystal emperor. " As Boss Zhao spoke, he had already appeared by Chen Xiang’s side. The sharp longsword in his hand fiercely slashed down like a bolt of lightning.

The force of that sword attack was truly terrifying. When he brandished the sword, the earth was already intimidated by the sword force. It trembled and split open, and the wind and clouds churned, lightning flashed and thunder roared.

"Since victory is strong, as a dead man, what qualifications do you have to call others weak?" Facing the imposing aura brought by the sword force, Chen Xiang was actually extremely nimble and nimble, his sword struck out as fast as lightning. While speaking, his sword had already cut apart Boss Zhao’s seemingly very powerful divine sword.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"

Boss Zhao’s godly sword was severed, and his soul was connected to the godly sword. At this moment, it was as if someone had suddenly torn him apart. The pain made his head hurt so much that it felt like it was splitting apart.

"Boss Zhao’s godly sword was crafted using the Tao-creation’s Holy stone! It was cut off just like that! "

"What kind of background does this Chen Xiang fellow have? He killed the Second Prince in front of the Heavenly Proud Empress and now that he’s fighting with Boss Zhao, he actually destroyed Boss Zhao’s precious divine sword with one sword strike!"

The few elders who were watching from afar exclaimed in admiration. They had some understanding of Boss Zhao.

Boss Zhao also did not expect that the divine sword that he was so proud of would be shattered by Chen Xiang just like that.

"Die!" Chen Xiang continued to swing his sword, with a ’shua’, three slashes, he cut Boss Zhao into three pieces.

After Boss Zhao’s godly sword was destroyed, he was actually chopped into three pieces!

Boss Zhao was clearly wearing a precious set of Divine Armor, but it looked like paper paste right now. Chen Xiang’s slash was extremely smooth, that Divine Armor had no effect at all.

"Humph!" Chen Xiang let out a cold snort, condensed the power of the Tao-creation Incantation of berserk and shock, and smashed towards Boss Zhao with a palm.

"Empress, save ..." Boss Zhao screamed in despair and fear, but Chen Xiang’s power of thunderfire had already surged over, crushing him into dust and dissipating a wave of air in all directions.

Heavenly Proud Empress looked at Chen Xiang, her body trembling slightly. No one had ever dared to be so arrogant in front of her, as though they were trying to kill her son.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!