Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang calmly looked at Heavenly Proud Empress, as though nothing had happened, and said indifferently: A dog and a piece of trash dying can make you so angry, this is truly delightful! Since you care so much about them, I will send you to accompany them. "

"How dare you! I’ll let you know what fear is!" Heavenly Proud Empress gave a cold shout and the ground cracked, revealing rows and rows of black pythons.

The python was formed from black energy, the energy at the peak of the Aoshi Holy Stage was extremely scary. After the python appeared, it rushed towards Chen Xiang like a madman.

"This kind of trash dares to be so impudent in front of me!" Chen Xiang’s eyes flashed with a gold light, suddenly, dragon roars sounded out, a few golden dragons flew out from his body and rushed towards the incoming black pythons.

The golden dragon roared. The dragon’s might was vast. With just a few roars from the golden dragon, those black pythons that came surging over from all directions were all destroyed in an instant.

When Heavenly Proud Empress saw those golden dragons, his cold eyes became serious and his pupils contracted slightly.

"Since that’s the case, I’ll have to destroy you even more." The Heavenly Proud Empress held her divine sword and rushed forward. At the same time, she waved it, causing black Sword Qi to shoot out from the sword, transforming into rays of black light that landed on Chen Xiang’s body.

RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU...!

The sword aura of the Heavenly Proud Empress was simply too fast, as though it had teleported here, causing Chen Xiang to make a mistake.

The Sword Qi exploded Chen Xiang’s body, causing him to feel an intense pain, at the same time he was forced to retreat.

The Heavenly Proud Empress that was rushing over suddenly disappeared. When Chen Xiang caught her trace, he found out that she had come over to his side, following that, a dense black Sword Qi attacked once again, like a bunch of vicious black pythons colliding with him in a flash. The explosions caused his arm to feel extreme pain, as though it was being torn apart.

"This woman used the power of space!" Chen Xiang was very sure, but the Heavenly Proud Empress did not reveal the aura of spatial undulations, and he did not know how the Heavenly Proud Empress did it.

The Heavenly Proud Empress was at the peak of the Aoshi Holy Stage, and he was very familiar with the use of spatial energy, much more than Chen Xiang. He could actually attack from all directions, and the waves of sword qi arrived in a flash, and directly struck his body through space.

At this moment, all around him were exploding waves of tyrannical sword Qis and he did not dare to use the power of space. If the Heavenly Proud Empress knew that he was using the power of space, they would definitely trample on him. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"The peak of the Aoshi Holy Stage is truly terrifying!" Chen Xiang controlled the Red fire dragon and merged it into his body. Layers of fiery red dragon scales already appeared on his skin, which could reduce the harm that the Sword Qi did to him.

Chen Xiang’s body was extremely strong in the first place, but now that he had fused with another World Defying holy dragon, the sword energy of the Heavenly Proud Empress wouldn’t be able to harm him much longer.

The Heavenly Proud Empress hid in space and teleported back and forth, attacking Chen Xiang from all directions. She did not expect Chen Xiang’s defense to be so terrifying, his body did not have any divine armor, but he had blocked her sword qi attack for such a long time.

The people in the distance were already shocked in their hearts when they saw Chen Xiang standing there motionlessly while being attacked by the Heavenly Proud Empress. But now, they suddenly felt an extremely terrifying killing intent surge out from Chen Xiang’s body, like a gale of wind, it swept towards all directions.

Such monstrous killing intent turned into rolling dark clouds that covered the skies above the imperial city. The killing intent in the air was filled with ruthlessness, as if countless souls were wailing in agony.

"Why does this guy have such a terrifying murderous aura!"

"It’s too scary, I can’t even breathe!"

"Look at the sky! What is that?"

Everyone looked up and saw that the dark clouds that had covered the sky were actually gathering, gradually forming into a gigantic black dragon head. That dragon head was like a gigantic mountain as it floated in the air.

Heavenly Proud Empress had been hiding in space to attack Chen Xiang, but she could not seem to sense any changes happening outside. By the time she sensed that something was amiss, a black super dragon had already appeared in the sky.

"Killing evil dragon!" Chen Xiang looked at the gigantic black dragon in the sky, and something suddenly appeared in his mind. It was the killing intent released by the Red fire dragon, and because the killing intent was extremely dense, it had congealed into a dragon.

This is the embodiment of the evil of Red fire dragon! The Red fire dragon was formed from the fusion of Six beasts, and the Six beasts had accompanied Chen Xiang for many years.

"With such a large commotion, we have to finish this quickly." Bai Youyou was shocked by Chen Xiang’s hidden strength. It was as if Chen Xiang’s body contained an endless amount of power, and an explosion only required an opportunity.

Chen Xiang felt that he and the Killing evil dragon in the sky were linked. Following his will, the Killing evil dragon in the sky let out a low and aged roar, and then, it smashed its head onto the ground.

When the Killing evil dragon descended, that ruthless killing aura caused Heavenly Proud Empress to feel fear, and she immediately teleported away from Chen Xiang.

Roar! Roar! Roar!

The Killing evil dragon roared and crashed into the ground, drowning Chen Xiang out. In just a few blinks of an eye, this evil dragon that could slaughter the heavens was gone, turning into a black mist.

The mist suddenly surged, converging towards the center and entering Chen Xiang’s body.

After the mist dissipated, Chen Xiang donned a set of dragon scale black armor, and between the gaps of the armor, streams of black flames surged out, with killing intent constantly overflowing.

Chen Xiang’s eyes were red, at the moment, he could only feel an endless amount of killing intent erupting from his body. If he did not release it, it would be extremely uncomfortable.

Heavenly Proud Empress really could not understand what was going on with the person in front of him.

"So what? I’m at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage!" Heavenly Proud Empress shouted coldly. He concealed himself within the space and shot out a sword aura that had been stored up for a long time towards Chen Xiang.

The incoming black sword qi was like a huge black energy gushing out of the black sky pit. It formed into a huge wave that was hundreds of feet high that came crashing down.

Chen Xiang waved the divine sword in his hand, the blade of the divine sword was the mirror of the Six Realms mirrors, he swept towards the huge wave and deflected the Sword Qi back, allowing the Sword Qi to strengthen itself.

The Sword Qi that had turned into enormous waves had almost engulfed Chen Xiang. Unexpectedly, after Chen Xiang’s sword swept out, the waves of Sword Qi immediately bounced back, turning back the way they came and engulfing everything in their path.

Shocked, the Heavenly Proud Empress who had hidden himself in the space immediately teleported to avoid the attack, and even after she had avoided the attack, the huge wave was still charging forward majestically. That was the Heavenly Proud Imperial Palace.

"What’s going on with this guy?" Heavenly Proud Empress recalled from just now, if she did not dodge, she would have been severely injured.

While she was still in a panicked state, she discovered that something was approaching her. Following that, she felt a sharp pain in her head. Someone had grabbed onto her hair!

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!

inclusion = " ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidccc; padding: 15px20px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {margin: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tMicrosoft Yahoo; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; mardin-bottom: 5px;}

Scan 2-D code to pay attention to 17K storyline official WeChat, the latest chapter can also be seen on WeChat! Click on the top right corner of WeChat + sign, choose add friends, search public number "wap17K" to pay attention to us. Reply to "Big Awards + your QQ number" to participate in the event. 10 iphone6, 10,000 QQ members waiting for you to receive!