Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Facing that disturbance just now, Heavenly Proud Empress lost his calm for a moment, causing her to reveal a sliver of the power of space. Chen Xiang felt that this sliver of the spatial energy instantly teleported to the location where the Heavenly Proud Empress was located, then forcefully opened up a dimensional space, and grabbed the Heavenly Proud Empress out!

If he had not merged with the Killing evil dragon’s power, he would not have had the power to urge out such a strong power of space! Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Heavenly Proud Empress felt his hair being grabbed, and his body immediately exploded with a black Qi.

Pow!

Chen Xiang gave her a powerful slap that ruthlessly smashed onto Heavenly Proud Empress’s face, turning her veil into dust. Heavenly Proud Empress’s pink-white face also became distorted by Chen Xiang.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" Heavenly Proud Empress shouted crazily. She, who was so high and mighty, was unexpectedly slapped in such a ruthless manner.

The people in the distance saw that who didn’t know of the Heavenly Proud Empress’s position in the Heavenly Proud Imperial Palace!

The father of the Heavenly Proud Empress was the King’s father-in-law, he was a Alchemist, his strength was strong, even the Heavenly Proud Divine Lord had to look at the face of the King’s father-in-law.

"Don’t you like to abuse people? Now, I will torture you! " After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he gathered the power of the Thunder Fire Concussive Curse in his hand and fiercely slapped the other side of Heavenly Proud Empress’s face.

BOOM!

She was furious to the extreme, she was the Queen of Heavenly Proud Imperial Palace, the father’s King’s father-in-law, and her husband was the Divine Lord. She felt that she had only mistreated two girls, yet she had caused Chen Xiang to become so angry.

Clap clap ...

Following that, Chen Xiang’s palms continued to slap on Heavenly Proud Empress’s face, to the point where her face was no longer recognizable.

"You also know the power of space; this is great!" Chen Xiang sneered, grabbed the Heavenly Proud Empress’s head, channeled his Devouring magic kungfu, and devoured the Space holy soul.

"Ahh ..." Heavenly Proud Empress could clearly feel that her most precious Space holy soul was being torn off bit by bit, and was moving further and further away from her Divine Sense Sea.

"Stop!" An angry bellow came from the distance as a wave of oppressive force attacked.

"Your father came, but it was of no use!" Chen Xiang laughed out wildly before grabbing onto Heavenly Proud Empress’s head and devouring her Space holy soul as he teleported away.

That King’s father-in-law was someone who had brought several experts at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage with him, and Chen Xiang was already forcefully squeezing out all of the potential in his body. It was already extremely difficult for him to take down the Heavenly Proud Empress, so dealing with a few other experts at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage would be even more difficult.

Chen Xiang quickly completed his devouring process. He obtained the Space holy soul of the Heavenly Proud Empress, then, with an extremely strong power, he forced a gust of thunderfire into the Divine Sense Sea, completely destroying it.

Chen Xiang fused with the Killing evil dragon and was able to fly in the sky, quickly leaving King’s father-in-law and the others behind. Heavenly Proud Empress’s body was already thrown into the air by him.

When the King’s father-in-law found Heavenly Proud Empress’s body, she roared at the sky. The Heavenly Proud Empress did not die, but it was even more painful than death. Her cultivation had been crippled, and the most precious Space holy soul had been devoured by Chen Xiang.

Although her heart was filled with anger, it was mostly fear and regret. She knew that all of this was because of the treatment Chen Xiang had gone through after seeing Zhou Qian Tu and Zhou Qi Yi being abused by her.

It was because of Chen Xiang’s fury that he had squeezed out all of the potential in Chen Xiang’s body and thoroughly defeated her.

... ....

As Chen Xiang flew in the air, the dragon-scaled black armor on his body disappeared bit by bit, and that murderous aura was gradually being drawn into the Red fire dragon. He did not know when the Killing evil dragon would appear again, and in short, this was not something he could control.

If it was really possible, he did not want any anger to anger him, because that was not a good thing. Just like now, Zhou Zicheng and Zhou Chiyi were tortured in all kinds of ways, which was why he was so angry.

Hiding in a mountain range, although Chen Xiang released a power that surpassed his own, it did not affect his body much, and only made him feel very tired.

Last time, when he merged with the Tao-creation’s incantations, it was the most painful. This time, he had wanted to merge the Tao-creation’s incantations into his body, but he couldn’t do it. If he could be like the Six Realms mirrors, his power would be even more terrifying.

"There is a complete Tao-creation’s Incantation inside the Six Realms mirrors, and all of the Tao-creation’s Incantation was arranged and fused, the moment it appeared in my body, it would be able to absorb my energy and erupt. Right now, there are very few Tao-creation’s Incantation I have grasped, and it is impossible for me to do that."

Chen Xiang took a small breath and merged the Space holy soul that he had engulfed into his own body. This could strengthen his spatial energy.

Chen Xiang released the Time Domain to speed up his recovery.

After the second day, he recovered to his peak condition, and had already stepped into the later stages of Aoshi Holy Stage, so he could be considered a very strong existence!

"Where is your mother, Zizi? I’ll bring you guys to find her. Just follow her from now on and don’t go back to Heavenly Proud Imperial Palace. "

Zhou Zhiqin and the other five sisters also knew what Chen Xiang had done yesterday. They were still shocked when they thought back to it.

Zhou Zhiqin told Chen Xiang where his mother was and he immediately allowed the Red fire dragon to merge with his body before flying into the sky.

Now that he was using Spatial Force, it would be even stronger. However, the energy consumption was also huge, and it wasn’t as fast as flying in the sky.

Zhou Zhiqin and her mother lived in a quiet valley. It was said that Zhou Zhiqin’s grandfather and grandmother were also living there.

When Chen Xiang saw the valley from afar, he was also a lot more relieved. He was a little worried that the King’s father-in-law would find this place.

However, just as he landed on the ground, he could feel three presences coming out of the valley. An old man and an old woman were at the front, followed by a beautiful middle-aged woman who looked quite similar to Zhou Qiqi and the others.

Chen Xiang hurriedly let Zhou Zhiqin and the other five sisters out. He did not need to explain anything.

When the beautiful middle-aged woman saw Zhou Zhiqin and the rest, she immediately rushed over. Her eyes were filled with tears, as though she had found out about something.

That old man, who was also Zhou Zhiqin’s grandfather, looked at Chen Xiang with a grave expression. "Young man, you shouldn’t be so arrogant.

After Zhou Zhiqin and the others heard it, they were also very worried.

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "Senior, what are the consequences this time?"