Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Zhou Zhiqin’s grandfather frowned and sighed. He patted Chen Xiang’s shoulders and said: "Young man, you have to hide properly. It’s best for you to leave the World Defying Stage Soul River.

"Why?" Chen Xiang could tell from the serious tone of the old man that he was currently in a very dangerous situation.

"There is a Dragon Controlling Palace in the Tao-creation Place! I don’t really know much about this Dragon Controlling Palace, but I do know that the moment this Dragon Controlling Palace knows that someone else who managed to cultivate a World Defying beast is a dragon, they would immediately send someone to find that person and take his dragon away. " The old man said: "As for whether or not they will come to the fifth floor, I don’t know. In short, it’s better for you to hide."

A mysterious power that came from the Tao-creation Place! That would definitely be very powerful, but Chen Xiang had already walked all the way back, it was impossible for him to return just like that.

"I understand, I will be more careful!" It would be best for you all to also change to another place, and not be found by that King’s father-in-law. " Chen Xiang said, he was only a little worried, but he felt that his concealment skills were not bad, so there shouldn’t be anything wrong.

"That’s right, Senior, have you heard of Gu Tong and a person called Super Yang Old Ancestor?" Chen Xiang asked.

Zhou Zhiqin’s grandfather and grandmother both shook their heads. They had never heard of this before.

"Chen Xiang, you should return to your original place! The Dragon Controlling Palace that grandfather was talking about must be very strong. " advised, power from the Tao-creation Place, strength did not need to be questioned.

"En, you don’t have to worry, I have my own plans." Chen Xiang nodded his head, "I shall take my leave now. See you later if fate wills it."

After Chen Xiang bade farewell to Zhou Zhiqin and the other two sisters, he quickly ran off. At this time, he did not merge with the energy of the Red fire dragon again to allow himself to fly.

The Dragon Controlling Palace that Grandfather Zhou Zhiqin mentioned definitely exists, because Chen Xiang thought of a few things. Even if the dragons in the World Defying Stage Soul River were extremely rare, he had only seen this Grandma Long.

Long Zhiyu had also said before, but she had never seen any dragon in the Aoshi Holy Stage nor had she seen any dragon in the Myriad Tao.

He suspected that Long Zhiyu’s master might have been attacked by the people from the Dragon Controlling Palace!

"Looks like I have to be careful." Chen Xiang was no longer afraid of those who were at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage anymore. When he stepped into the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, he could use the combination of the Six Realms mirrors and the Tao-creation’s incantation to allow him to forever be comparable to the strength of those who were at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage.

Even if he encountered a strong expert at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage, even if he was unable to defeat them, he would be able to escape unscathed.

Chen Xiang returned to Heavenly Ao Imperial City.

He wanted to find clues about Gu Tong and the Super Yang Old Ancestor, and only the Heavenly Proud Divine Lord had heard of them.

Now, the entire imperial city was shrouded in a stifling atmosphere. It was because that King’s father-in-law was extremely angry, his own daughter had been crippled, and his own plans had been disrupted. How could he not be angry? Furthermore, he didn’t know where Chen Xiang had gone to.

Of course, if he knew that Chen Xiang had secretly returned to the city, he would definitely admire Chen Xiang as well. He actually dared to come back at a time like this.

... ....

Inside the Heavenly Proud Imperial Palace, a middle-aged man dressed in plain clothes was holding an ancient book, stroking his small beard and seriously looking at it, this person was the Heavenly Proud Divine Lord who was being placed under house arrest, Zhou Zhengyang!

A haggard middle-aged beauty walked into the study and stood behind Zhou Zhengyang. She was the Heavenly Proud Empress that was crippled by Chen Xiang previously.

"My son is dead!" After the Heavenly Proud Empress entered, her voice was calm and there was no sadness in it. She only felt that it was a pity that she did not have any feelings for her son.

"I know!" Zhou Zhengyang flipped open a page, and laughed: "Even though I’m here, I know all about the matters outside!"

"You ..." Heavenly Proud Empress was slightly angered: "You can still laugh!"

"Don’t laugh? Did you cry? " Zhou Zhengyang was still smiling as he glanced at the Heavenly Proud Empress.

"He’s your son!" Heavenly Proud Empress was furious.

"He is only your son! When he tried to rob me, I stopped seeing him as a son. If he died, so be it. I still have five daughters. " Zhou Zhengyang chuckled: "That’s my real daughter. At least when I’m with them, I don’t need to worry about being tricked by them. I don’t need to think about their words and I’ll be able to relax."

Heavenly Proud Empress was so angry that her entire body was trembling, she wanted to break some things, but she had already been crippled, and could only rely on a large number of pills to help her stand up in a short period of time. She did not know how long she would need to recover her strength in the future.

"Are you happy to see me like this?" Heavenly Proud Empress gnashed his teeth and said: "It’s all that little bastard Chen Xiang, I must ... "Humph!"

Thinking of Chen Xiang, the Heavenly Proud Empress felt his teeth clench in hatred!

"I am a little happy ..." "You should be thankful that he didn’t kill you. I think he could have definitely killed you. Do you want to know why he didn’t kill you?" Zhou Zhengyang placed the ancient book down. After he found out about this, he had been thinking about this problem. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Heavenly Proud Empress thought for a while, frowned, and said: "He wants me to live in pain ... Right now, I am indeed suffering from a fate worse than death! "

"Better to die than to live! You need to understand clearly how frightening that killing aura was, but he didn’t kill you. " Zhou Zhengyang seemed to not understand. After thinking about it, he could only think that Chen Xiang did not want Heavenly Proud Empress to die too quickly.

"In short, he’s finished. This time, he will definitely alarm the Dragon Controlling Palace, and the only outcome for him will be death!" Heavenly Proud Empress sneered: "Who asked him to be so high-profile!"

Zhou Zhengyang continued to read his book and ignored Heavenly Proud Empress, they did not seem to have any more feelings for each other, if not they would not be so tit for tat.

Heavenly Proud Empress walked out of the study room in a huff. Although it looked like Zhou Zhengyang was under house arrest, she knew very well that if Zhou Zhengyang was serious, no one could stop him.

Not long after Heavenly Proud Empress left, Zhou Zhengyang suddenly frowned, and said indifferently: Who’s here? "You’re sneaking around!"

"I am Chen Xiang, hello Heavenly Proud Divine Lord!" Chen Xiang appeared behind Zhou Zhengyang, smiling faintly.

Zhou Zhengyang immediately turned his head, stroking his small beard, he squinted his eyes and sized Chen Xiang up. He was very surprised in his heart. Chen Xiang had already pierced through the heavens, but not only did he not fly far away from the Heavenly Ao Empire, he actually appeared in his study.

"Have you just arrived?" Zhou Zhengyang laughed, and indicated for Chen Xiang to sit on the big chair.

Chen Xiang sat down, crossed his legs and laughed: "No, I followed that woman in, if not I would not have known where you were."

Zhou Zhengyang could not help but laugh out loud, if the Heavenly Proud Empress knew that his enemy was following behind her, he would definitely be so angry that he would vomit blood.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!

inclusion = " ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidccc; padding: 15px20px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {margin: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tMicrosoft Yahoo; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; mardin-bottom: 5px;}

Scan 2-D code to pay attention to 17K storyline official WeChat, the latest chapter can also be seen on WeChat! Click on the top right corner of WeChat + sign, choose add friends, search public number "wap17K" to pay attention to us. Reply to "Big Awards + your QQ number" to participate in the event. 10 iphone6, 10,000 QQ members waiting for you to receive!