Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang released the three Poison monkey s and laughed sinisterly: "Then I’m sorry! These are three Poison monkey, the poison they release will not kill you immediately ... "

"I really don’t have any secret techniques that I can pass on to you. Those are all things that I inexplicably understood after fusing with a Space holy soul." Heavenly Proud Empress saw the claws of the three Poison monkey and became anxious.

"Is that so?" Chen Xiang had Poison monkey flash to the side of Heavenly Proud Empress and surround him.

"It’s true, I won’t lie to you." Heavenly Proud Empress was afraid that she would die a terrible death. After all, she was a beauty.

Chen Xiang shook his head: "Looks like you don’t want to tell me!"

"Wait, I can bring you to the place where I obtained the inheritance. It’s in the Bloody Plains." The Heavenly Proud Empress hastily replied, "There are still legacies over there. My strength was weak back then, so I did not go deeper."

Chen Xiang made the Poison monkey retreat, it was actually in the Bloody Mud Plains, this was exactly where he planned to go next.

The Blood Mud Plains must be very dangerous, maybe this Heavenly Proud Empress was lying to him on purpose, wanting Chen Xiang to die with her.

Chen Xiang also thought about this, but he felt that he should enter the Bloody Plains first, so he decided to give it a try.

"I have a method to search your memories so that you don’t need to take me there." Chen Xiang said.

"Hmph, my current strength is so weak. I believe that before you found any memories, my soul had already shattered. You need to understand how weak I am right now. Do you think you can control your strength well?" The Heavenly Proud Empress sneered.

Chen Xiang had obviously come out to give it a try, but Bai Youyou didn’t dare guarantee if it would succeed either. The Heavenly Proud Empress’s soul was destroyed by Chen Xiang, and was indeed very weak, she had not recovered yet. If she tried to forcibly search for her soul, it would only cause her soul to shatter, and in the end, she wouldn’t be able to obtain anything.

If it was a powerful soul, even if it was shattered, there would still be remnants that could still be obtained. However, once the Heavenly Proud Empress’s soul was shattered, it would immediately dissipate.

"Don’t play any tricks on me! Even if you wish to die with me, I can still let you live a life worse than death at the last moment. " Chen Xiang laughed coldly, and then, the Heavenly Proud Empress sealed him in a room inside the Six Realms mirrors.

He felt that after taking the Heavenly Proud Empress away, the Heavenly Proud Empress would not urge them to go find Zhou Zhiqin and the others.

Just like this, Chen Xiang brought a Heavenly Proud Empress who was cursing him in his heart and headed towards the Blood Mud Plains.

The Heavenly Proud Empress was called He Fengyuan, she was a very sinister woman, only that her vicious fangs were now fiercely pulled out by Chen Xiang.

"Poison Woman, how much do you know about Dragon Controlling Palace?" Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to He Fengyuan who was inside the Six Realms mirrors: "Heavenly Proud Divine Lord isn’t very familiar with this."

"Of course that idiot doesn’t know!" He Fengyuan sneered: "I understand Dragon Controlling Palace a lot more than him. You are currently in extreme danger, it would be best for you to stay far away from World Defying Stage Soul River in order to live longer."

"How much do you know!" Chen Xiang asked.

They are very strong, even my father would have to be respectful to them when he sees them. Now that you have caused such a big trouble and released such a terrifying black dragon, they will definitely find you. " He Fengyuan said.

"I’m not afraid. At most, I’ll die!" You won’t live anyway. " Chen Xiang laughed, he was not worried at all.

"Hmph. Right now, I am living a life worse than death. If I can see you die, I would be extremely happy." He Fengyuan laughed out loud.

"Do you think I would die so easily? After I devoured your Space holy soul, my power of space increased by a lot. Thank you so much, noble and beautiful Queen, haha ... " Chen Xiang’s words fiercely stabbed at He Fengyuan’s hatred.

He Fengyuan could not laugh anymore, he was so angry that he trembled, treating one of his clothes as Chen Xiang, fiercely ripping it apart. Now she realised that Chen Xiang stirring up her resentment from time to time was also a form of torture for her.

After all, Chen Xiang was her enemy and she was threatened by her enemy. Since she couldn’t take revenge, she could only curse, it was extremely painful!

"Poison Woman, those two Dragon Controlling Gods s, can they find me?" Chen Xiang asked again, he was a little worried about this.

"I’m not sure. In short, they are extremely powerful. Maybe they have some kind of secret technique. When the time comes, you’d better run faster." He Fengyuan snorted: "I don’t want to be buried with you, you bastard."

"Just now you said you would be happy to see me die." Chen Xiang curled his lips.

"That was my idea just now." He Fengyuan said angrily: "You placed me in this damned place, and I can’t see you get killed with my own eyes. I can only accompany you in death."

"You’re right, you think too much." Chen Xiang laughed, he was also inside the Six Realms mirrors, but he was in another room. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

The Six Realms mirrors flew towards the Bloody Plains. Using this method to travel, Chen Xiang felt that it would be safer.

After flying for more than ten days, Chen Xiang finally saw the Bloody Plains. Although he did not exit the Six Realms mirrors, he could still clearly see the situation around him.

He immediately brought He Fengyuan who was in the other room over and said: "Where did you get the Space holy soul from? "Take a good look!"

He Fengyuan was furious when she saw Chen Xiang’s face, and when she saw that Chen Xiang’s room could see everything outside, she secretly cursed Chen Xiang a few times in her heart. He had actually locked her in a sealed off room, causing her to feel very bored.

Upon closer inspection, one could see that the bloody plains were not solid at all, but were rather muddy. Bubbles would occasionally appear, and if one were to step on a bloody plain, one would definitely be sunk in.

On the plains, there would be small mountains, and in the distance, there were many large mountains.

"You go to that mountain that looks like a cow’s head!" He Fengyuan pointed to the image that appeared on the wall of the room.

Chen Xiang immediately controlled her Six Realms mirrors to fly, and her flying speed was not slow either. This caused He Fengyuan to be secretly surprised, she had always doubted Chen Xiang’s background, not only did he possess great strength, the divine tools he possessed were also extremely powerful.

"Poison Woman, have you heard of Gu Tong? "A refiner!" Chen Xiang suddenly asked, he felt that Heavenly Proud Empress knew more about this than him.

"Of course I’ve heard of it! He was born in a very mysterious place. Many years ago, he once came to the fifth floor of the World Defying Stage Soul River and disappeared in the Bloody Plains in the end. I had once suspected that the inheritance I received from the Space holy soul was left behind by Master Gu Tong. "

As expected, He Fengyuan knew more than Zhou Zhengyang.

"If only that’s the case." Chen Xiang gazed at Ox-Head Mountain in the distance and muttered to himself, "Maybe I can find that Transmission array quickly."

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!

inclusion = " ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidccc; padding: 15px20px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {margin: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tMicrosoft Yahoo; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; mardin-bottom: 5px;}

Scan 2-D code to pay attention to 17K storyline official WeChat, the latest chapter can also be seen on WeChat! Click on the top right corner of WeChat + sign, choose add friends, search public number "wap17K" to pay attention to us. Reply to "Big Awards + your QQ number" to participate in the event. 10 iphone6, 10,000 QQ members waiting for you to receive!