Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors was flying on the Blood Mud Plains. If they didn’t fly, they could only use some tools that could be used to float in the blood mud. Otherwise, it would be difficult to walk on the Blood Mud Plains.

Even if they had a divine artifact, it would still be extremely dangerous in the Bloody Plains.

"There seems to be something here!" Chen Xiang suddenly felt a weak Qi below him, he immediately controlled the Six Realms mirrors to speed up, and to fly forward as fast as he could.

Not long after the Six Realms mirrors flew forward, a huge red figure suddenly emerged from the mud and blood behind them. Something flew up from below.

"It’s the Blood devil shark!" He Fengyuan shouted in shock, his face full of fear.

"It really is a bit scary." Chen Xiang said.

"Not only is it scary, it’s deadly! Little Rascal, hurry up and think of a way to leave this area. Do you know how frightening this place is? " He Fengyuan was very anxious, she could not help but pat Chen Xiang hard, making her very nervous.

"Weren’t you the one who begged me to kill you? "Why are you so afraid of death now!" Although Chen Xiang was hit, but with He Fengyuan’s current strength, she could only scratch his head.

"Cut the crap. If you don’t want to die, then do as I say." He Fengyuan grinded his teeth in anger: "I can’t be bothered to accompany you, little devil, in death."

Chen Xiang could only use the power of space now to allow the Six Realms mirrors to teleport a distance, and then quickly fly. At the same time, he was also using the Counter Power.

"There shouldn’t be any problems now, right?" Chen Xiang also did not understand why He Fengyuan would suddenly be so nervous.

That’s why I told you to run faster. You really are an unlucky thing. The moment you entered the Bloody Plains, you encountered the most terrifying thing. " He Fengyuan stared at the stone wall of the room, watching the movements outside the Six Realms mirrors.

Chen Xiang disagreed, and said: "So what? This Six Realms mirrors of mine is very powerful, even if it is eaten it will be fine. "

"Then you’re wrong!" He Fengyuan laughed coldly: "Truly, the ignorant are fearless. Do you really think that the Blood devil shark is a normal soul beast? An adult Blood devil shark has lived for a million years. In the beginning, there were many Tao-creation s here, and Blood devil shark grew up eating these things. If the Blood devil shark swallowed them, they wouldn’t be able to leave even if they used Spatial Force.

"The Blood devil shark has an invisible barrier inside their body that can refine Tao-creation Holy stone. Even if you use a large number of Tao-creation Holy stone to refine this, it will definitely be refined by them as time passes."

Chen Xiang’s heart trembled. If it was really as He Fengyuan had said, then this Blood devil shark was really very scary! No wonder He Fengyuan was so afraid.

"How many Blood devil shark are there in groups?" Chen Xiang asked again.

"At least a thousand, I definitely won’t lie to you. Fortunately, you reacted quickly and were able to avoid it in time, if not, we would be inside the Blood devil shark’s stomach now." He Fengyuan looked at the wall, suddenly pointing at a certain place, he shouted: "Look here!"

Chen Xiang immediately looked over, only to see many sharks whose backs were exposed on the surface of the Bloody Plains. Behind them, many Blood devil shark s were quickly catching up to them.

"No matter how fast these things are, they won’t be able to match me." Chen Xiang was not worried at all. After all, these Blood devil shark were all trapped in the blood mud and would more or less receive help.

Seeing Chen Xiang like that, He Fengyuan stomped his feet in anger, and strongly patted Chen Xiang: "Little bastard, be more serious, the Blood devil shark is not only chasing after them, they have other methods as well." Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"These Blood devil shark all live for a million years. Not to mention that their own strength has already reached the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage, they have lived in this blood paste for so many years and know it like their own hands. They can control the blood paste here."

Just as He Fengyuan finished speaking, he saw a thick wall of blood suddenly appear in front of him. His Six Realms mirrors’s flying speed was limited, it could not fly past that wall.

"Look around!" He Fengyuan shouted.

Right now, the walls on all four sides were huge and thick, the walls formed by the Blood devil shark controlling the blood mud.

"Can you fly over?" He Fengyuan asked anxiously: "They’ve caught up, there’s more up ahead!" What did you make this thing? Let so many Blood devil shark chase after him. "

Chen Xiang had already used the Counter Power, but he was still sensed by others. Right now, he suspected that the Blood devil shark could have sensed the Tao-creation’s Holy stone within the Six Realms mirrors, which was why they were chasing after him all the way.

"These things are underestimating me. I’ll take care of it." Chen Xiang immediately left the Six Realms mirrors and kept it at the same time. When he was about to leave, he had the Red fire dragon fuse with him, and then he flew high in the sky and easily passed through the high walls.

The reason why Chen Xiang didn’t use the Red fire dragon’s power before, was only to avoid being sensed by the people from the Dragon Controlling Palace.

Right now, he felt that after entering the Bloody Plains, it would be safer, and the people from the Dragon Controlling Palace would not be around.

"Do all Blood devil shark eat Tao-creation’s Holy stone? The bodies of these fellows should be very sturdy! " Chen Xiang secretly thought, he suddenly wanted to grab a Blood devil shark to see.

The moment Chen Xiang had this thought, he couldn’t sit still anymore. He took out a piece of Tao-creation Holy stone and let it be exposed, and very quickly he sensed that a Blood devil shark was approaching.

"Only one! That’s great!" Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors and had it activate a killing array. A ray of light came out from the mirror and struck one of the Blood devil shark.

What Chen Xiang did not expect was that the Blood devil shark was actually very powerful. The light emitted by the killing array just now was extremely strong, but the Blood devil shark was only able to jump out from the bloody mud due to the pain.

Just as the Blood devil shark jumped out, Chen Xiang immediately released the Tianchuang furnace, allowing it to grow bigger and catch the Blood devil shark that was about to fall.

After the Blood devil shark entered the Tianchuang furnace’s body, it began to struggle intensely. The Tianchuang furnace began to shake crazily, as if it could break apart at any time.

"Xiao Ke’er, use your needles and try to see if you can kill this fellow." Chen Xiang said to Feng Ke’er.

Feng Ke’er entered the Tianchuang furnace and controlled her golden needles to fly out, stabbing the Blood devil shark’s gigantic head back and forth. Her golden needles were indeed very strong, they were able to easily pierce through the strange, stiff layer of skin on the Blood devil shark’s surface.

After the Blood devil shark was killed by Feng Ke’er, Chen Xiang placed it in a very large space inside the Six Realms mirrors.

Chen Xiang went to a small mountain to rest, then entered a storage room inside the Six Realms mirrors. Looking at the Blood devil shark that was over thirty meters long, he wanted He Fengyuan to broaden his horizons.

"You saw it, wicked woman! This is the Blood devil shark that you are so afraid of, I easily killed it. " Chen Xiang laughed.