Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

He Fengyuan saw the Blood devil shark s whose bodies were covered in a bloody mist, and said that they would not speak. This was indeed something that she was very afraid of, because she had encountered a group of Blood devil shark s a long time ago when she entered the Bloody Plains.

But now, Chen Xiang had caught a Blood devil shark!

"The largest body of the Blood devil shark is only this big, so it should be the oldest Blood devil shark." He Fengyuan said.

In this place, there were some soul beasts that were even larger, like giant mountains.

He Fengyuan looked at Chen Xiang: "Little bastard, don’t you know how to refine pills? The blood in the Blood devil shark was the best for refining pills! Since it is the most ancient Blood devil shark, then it must have eaten a large amount of Tao-creation Holy stone s as well. The Blood devil shark’s blood can be used to refine pellets, and can quickly strengthen one’s body. "

He Fengyuan’s father, King’s father-in-law, was a pill refiner, so she knew about this.

"Leather armor, bones, and tendons ... they should be pretty good when used to forge weapons." He Fengyuan scoffed, "You probably can’t refine this kind of thing, you can only hide it for the time being, it’s such a waste." Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

"If it’s a pill refining competition, your father might not be able to compare to me." Chen Xiang was unconvinced, there was actually someone who dared to question his pill refining skills.

"On what basis? "My father is the number one Alchemist of the Empire of TianAo, you little brat. Even if you know how to refine pills, you can’t compare to my father." He Fengyuan could only feel a sense of superiority from this.

"Your father probably doesn’t know how to refine elixirs." Chen Xiang said.

"What is a pill spirit?" "Is it very strong?" He Fengyuan did not think so, but from the bottom of her heart, she did not think that Chen Xiang was strong in pill refining.

"You are truly ill-informed. To think that you are even the so-called number one Alchemist’s woman. Your father and you only understand fart." Chen Xiang snickered, "Being able to refine a Pill Spirit is something that a powerful Alchemist possessed."

Sometimes, even Chen Xiang couldn’t understand why the people at the fifth floor of the World Defying Stage Soul River were so powerful. However, their skills in alchemy were still far behind them.

"What do you think?" He Fengyuan laughed: "You only know how to talk, if my cultivation is not wasted by you, my pills will be even better than yours."

"A woman who doesn’t know her place ..." Chen Xiang shook his head, then told He Fengyuan about the effects of the pill spirit.

"This is impossible!" He Fengyuan didn’t believe it, and thought that Chen Xiang was indulging in a fantasy: "How can you turn a pill into a human? "Moreover, this pill spirit can even form pills!"

Chen Xiang let Jiang Lisi come out of the You Yao Mountain Villa, and said with a smile: "This is one of my two spirit pellets, not only is she able to condense pellets ... can even form Crystal emperor s, do you believe that? "

"I don’t believe it!" To be able to condense a pill, that was already unbelievable. It could actually condense a Crystal emperor.

"Lili, form a Crystal emperor for her to see! "Let this ignorant woman experience an eye-opener." Chen Xiang said as he walked over to the Blood devil shark’s side and ’drew’ out a lot of blood. He then handed it over to Su Meiyao to try and see if he could refine the pill again.

Jiang Lisi sat cross legged on the ground, both her hands folded together, her palms facing upwards, only to see her palms releasing traces of gold coloured mist.

"Poison woman, you have to watch carefully. Don’t say that I messed with you later." Chen Xiang took out the Tianchuang furnace, and then placed the Blood devil shark’s blood essence he extracted into the Tianchuang furnace. He wanted to try and see if he could refine a good pill.

While Chen Xiang was refining the pellet, He Fengyuan was also looking at Jiang Lisi. It had been half a day, and she had already seen a small, light gold crystal condensed in Jiang Lisi’s palm.

"How is this possible!" He Fengyuan could not help but shout out, this young girl in front of him could actually form Crystal emperor.

It had to be said that Crystal emperor were extremely rare here, it was hard for her to imagine that a young girl could actually condense one.

He Fengyuan suddenly remembered that Chen Xiang had once taken out several Explosive Crystal emperor s to attack Boss Zhao and the others. Now, she finally understood why Chen Xiang was so reluctant to part with them!

"You aren’t blind. You can see for yourself and judge if it’s real or fake." Chen Xiang said.

"Hmph, so what if you have a large number of Crystal emperor? When you go to the Tao-creation Place in the future, the Tao-creation Holy stone would be the strongest there. But when you go now, the Tao-creation Holy stone upstairs will be gone a long time ago. " He Fengyuan scoffed, her heart filled with jealousy. She really did not think that the pill spirit that Chen Xiang spoke of really existed, it wasn’t something that Chen Xiang made up randomly.

Chen Xiang had also refined a pill. It was red and beautiful, looking like a blood ruby, and this was something he had not refined before.

"It’s quite easy to refine pills without using medicinal herbs!" Chen Xiang laughed and said: "Poison woman, take a look at the pills I have here, how is it compared to the pills your father has refined?"

He Fengyuan could immediately tell that the pellet Chen Xiang had refined was not bad, but she would not admit it.

"Whether it’s good or not has to be tested first." He Fengyuan said as he took out a box that tested the quality of the pills. Chen Xiang had seen this box before.

"How much is the quality of the pills refined by your King’s father-in-law father?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It’s usually around 500!" He Fengyuan said: "This is the standard for high level World Defying holy Dan. If it is a low level mid level World Defying holy Dan, then of course he can be higher."

"Then what rank World Defying holy Dan do you think this pellet of mine is?" Chen Xiang placed the pellet of Blood shark fitness Dan into the box and started to test its quality.

The final result was 520, and the quality was not considered low.

"I don’t know until I eat." Seeing this beautiful Blood shark fitness Dan, He Fengyuan also wanted to give it a try.

"So what if I gave it to you? Could it be that you can rely on eating this pill to become stronger? " Chen Xiang chuckled: "Even if you eat a hundred, I can still defeat you with one finger."

Chen Xiang’s words made He Fengyuan extremely angry, and he fiercely rolled his eyes at him.

"Hurry up and eat." Chen Xiang needed He Fengyuan’s knowledge on medicinal pills. In the future, if he went to Tao-creation Place, he might be able to use it.

He Fengyuan fiercely snatched it from Chen Xiang’s hands, then closed his eyes and ate it.

Not long after, He Fengyuan heaved a sigh of relief, her jade face was slightly red, showing that the effects of the pill was extremely good, and it was also very beneficial to strengthening the body.

"It should be a top-grade World Defying holy Dan. It has quite a great effect on my current body!" He Fengyuan said. She was the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage, so she was very clear whether it was useful to her or not.

"Really? That’s great! That venomous woman of yours sure has a use for it! " Chen Xiang decided to give the young girl time to refine some to evolve.

Chen Xiang brought He Fengyuan back to the room where he could see the outside. They saw that the four sides of the hill were filled with Blood devil shark.

"These beasts!" Chen Xiang immediately ran out and kept the Six Realms mirrors. Then, he flew into the air and towards the Ox-Head Mountains in the distance.