Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Devil Scorpion Princess Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Translated By - Ash

Edited By - Fingerfox

The blue-eyed girl was unlike any evil demon from the Demon Domain yet the Devil Qi on her was exceptionally heavy. Chen Xiang reckoned that she was from the Devil Domain. Chen Xiang suspected Bai Youyou to be from the Devil Domain long ago, however, much to his surprise, she turned out to be a famous Princess of the Devil Domain. Her antecedents were clearly extraordinary.

Bai Youyou came out of the ring. Garbed in simple white skirt and tunic, she gave off the impression of being holy and pure, no one could say that she belonged to the Devil Domain or cultivated any sort of Devil Exercise.

Even though she appeared to be very weak now, the imposing aura exuding from her body was in no way weak. Her ice-cold pretty eyes that were filled with a hint of a strange aura, glanced at the blue-eyed female.

"Princess Purple Scorpion, you still haven’t died? Why did you attack him! From what I can remember, you have given up on cultivating the Ruthless Devil Exercise. You are not someone who will kill innocents indiscriminately, much less someone who has released you!" Bai You’s voice was even colder than the Princess Purple Scorpion, such coldness that it could make others feel cold.

At this moment, Chen Xiang was extremely puzzled. Bai Youyou was referred as Princess Wuqing and the blue-eyed female was Princess Purple Scorpion. But why were they called as such, is their father some Emperor in the Devil Domain.

"Sister Meiyao, what’s the connection between her and Sister Youyou? What is their background?" Chen Xiang asked

"Don’t ask too much, just wait and watch!" Su Meiyao didn’t tell Chen Xiang anything, even though she knew that Chen Xiang could very well tell that their background was truly extraordinary. However, she still didn’t have any intention to tell Chen Xiang too much.

Prince Purple Scorpion looked at Chen Xiang, nibbled on her lips and said, "I want to kill this bastard. Even a thousand deaths would not be enough to subside my anger. He... He actually dared to do such thing to me, I really really want to kill him."

"Pooh!" Chen Xiang spat the blood in his mouth and said, "Humph, who told you to not be grateful and instead attacked me. Even a desperate dog will jump off the wall, let alone a human. This is what you brought upon yourself, at most, I can let you touch mine in return."

Princess Purple Scorpion shouted in anger and was about to charge at Chen Xiang, but she was stopped by Bai Youyou.

"Bai Ziqian, there is still a powerful guy outside. Not to mention, you’re not at your best now, it is not the time to waste your strength." Bai Youyou’s voice was solemn which made Bai Ziqian immediately stop her action, otherwise, she definitely would have beaten Chen Xiang for a while.

"Princess Wuqing, although I don’t know why you have such a big bet on this rascal, you must have your own reason! Are you going to return to the Devil Domain with me?" Bai Ziqian asked. Her complexion had now eased a lot.

"No, I’ve my own plans!" Bai Youyou shook her head.

"You’ve changed. I think you should not need this title, it’s not you! Have you dispersed your power? Why is your current aura so weak?" Upon discovering her situation Bai Ziqian said with a frown, she immediately took hold of Bai Youyou’s wrist.

"Your injuries are actually so serious! What about your junior sister? She can’t be dead, otherwise, she would have definitely saved you." Although Bai Ziqian’s voice was now cold as ice, Chen Xiang could still discover that she was very much concerned about Bai Youyou which was also quite clear from the look in her eyes.

Bai Youyou sighed lightly but her voice remained as cold as ice, "You don’t need to be so concerned about me, I know how to walk my own path!"

Bai Ziqian closed her eyes, took a deep breath and said, "You best take care of yourself! Because of you, I’ll let this brat off the hook this time. Initially, I just wanted to try his strength, but who knew that this brat was actually a rogue!"

Chen Xiang was furious, he suddenly shouted, "Your sister is a rogue, a girl like you hitting others is a rogue, you..."

Bai Youyou suddenly pulled Chen Xiang and said in a low voice, "I’m her sister!"

Chen Xiang suddenly swallowed his next words. Much to his surprise, this scorpion-like girl turned out to be Bai Youyou’s sister. Until now he suspected that this Devil Scorpion Princess must have a close relationship with Bai Youyou, but how could he have known that they were related by blood. What made Chen Xiang speechless was the fact that after both sisters saw each other in such a long while, they surprisingly remained cold. If it was an ordinary person, he would definitely cry in tears and hug his brother or sister.

Chen Xiang after finding that Bai Youyou had relatives, he felt secretly happy for her. Before, he believed that Bai Youyou neither had any family nor any friends.

"Brat, let me tell you, if it was someone else, during the fight, he would have long been poisoned to death by me!" Bai Ziqian coldly snorted. However, she was taken aback by the fact that Chen Xiang could actually cultivate the Suppressing Devil Divine Exercise. She very much understood her sister — Bai Youyou, she knew Bai Youyou had invested a lot of effort in this little rascal, or else she would not have passed on such powerful devil techniques to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang sneered, "Father is cultivating the Suppressing Devil Divine Exercise and is invulnerable to poison. If you can poison me, I’ll kneel down and kowtow to admit I was wrong. However, if you can’t poison me?"

Bai Ziqian, of course, didn’t believe that she couldn’t poison Chen Xiang. First of all, she didn’t know too much about the Suppressing Devil Divine Exercise, she only knew that it was quite lethal to the Devil Domain’s cultivators. Most of all, she was too confident about her poison.

"If I can’t poison you to death, then I’ll..."

Bai Youyou quickly pulled her, "Bai Ziqian, forget about it. You will absolutely fall in his hand!"

Bai Youyou had witnessed Chen Xiang had taken advantage of many women resorting to the same methods. She didn’t want her own sister to be taken advantage by Chen Xiang.

"Wuqing, are you doubting my strength?" Bai Ziqian didn’t believe in hearsay.

Chen Xiang was having a little difficulty in understanding their relationship. Obviously, the two were sisters and yet they were shouting each other’s name, it seemed that both of them were not related by blood.

"As you wish!" Bai Youyou coldly snorted. Her sister was not paying any heed to her advice, she could only let her suffer a loss for her to realize it.

Besides the similar disposition of Bai Ziqian and Bai Youyou, there weren’t any other similarities, there was a remarkable disparity between their appearances.

Bai Ziqian had blue eyes with a purple scorpion tattoo at the corner of her eye. A whip was hung at her waist. She had a charm of her own, but her beautiful face was as cold as ice.

Bai Youyou, on the other hand, was an ice cold fairy, her elegant and aloof temperament and the peerless beautiful face had an elegance in her own way, her beauty could ruin and overturn a nation. Since the very first time he saw her, Chen Xiang had been completely enthralled by her.

Chen Xiang kept on staring at Bai Youyou, in his heart, he was having a good laugh, he sneered and said, "If you can’t poison me, then what are you going to do?"

"At that time, I’ll be at your disposal, you can do anything you want to me!" Bai Ziqian confidently replied. She had complete confidence in her poison, let alone, Chen Xiang was not even in the Extreme State, even if it was a Nirvana Realm expert, she could easily put him down.

"You’ve have not completely recovered your strength!" Bai Youyou already knew the result. Chen Xiang was going to win for sure.

"So what, it’s sufficient to deal with this brat!" Bai Ziqiang while speaking charged at Chen Xiang. Suddenly, her jade like palm was completely wrapped in black Qi, it was nothing but poisonous.

"I have a Heavenly Poison Body! In other words, my entire body is poisonous. If others want to touch me, so long as I didn’t withdraw the poison, no matter how formidable he is, he will be poisoned from just touching my body! I’m going to use the weakest poison, though it cannot kill you, it will be enough to put you down." Bai Ziqian while speaking, lightly smacked a palm at Chen Xiang which landed upon Chen Xiang’s arm.

Chen Xiang smiled and said, "Do you know what I’m thinking at the moment?"

"What are you thinking?" Bai Ziqian subconsciously asked.

"I’m thinking of what I’m going to do to you. You’re definitely going to lose. Your poison can’t even penetrate my skin!" Chen Xiang laughed as the Poisonous Qi was stopped by the Black Tortoise Adamantyl Armor.