Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

This allowed Chen Xiang to fly even faster. He did not know the reason why, but only these beasts could fly, such as the great roc from before.

After a few days of flight, Ox-Head Mountain was getting closer and closer. It was just ahead of them.

"Poison woman, is there anything dangerous on Ox-Head Mountain?" Although Chen Xiang asked this, he had already hidden himself and landed on Ox-Head Mountain.

"It should be safer!" The most dangerous creatures in the Blood Mud Plains are the various ancient beasts that are hidden under the blood mud. " He Fengyuan coldly snorted, "Don’t go in if you’re afraid of death."

"How could I be afraid of death?" Chen Xiang had already entered Ox-Head Mountain.

He Fengyuan also didn’t know how Chen Xiang came to Ox-Head Mountain so quickly. It was because the last time she came, it took her a very long time, but it had only been a few days.

"Hurry up and tell me where you obtained the space inheritance." Chen Xiang said.

"I will guide you to a mountain cave, and then you will walk to the deepest part of the mountain cave. There is a stone room there, and that is where I obtained the inheritance." He Fengyuan immediately told Chen Xiang the details.

Even though Ox-head Mountain was very big, it was still very easy to find a mountain cave. Furthermore, Chen Xiang could fly, so he quickly found a small mountain cave that he could only enter by himself. This was just as He Fengyuan said, it was proof that He Fengyuan had been here before.

When entering, Chen Xiang had to be extremely careful, because he could not trust He Fengyuan, as she hated him a lot.

"When I first went in, the road would be a bit narrow, but it would become wider and wider later on." He Fengyuan said: "When you go in, you should be careful. There might be something hidden inside. I haven’t been here for years, and I can’t guarantee that it will be the same. In case you say I’m being ’sneaky’! "

He Fengyuan was still a little worried that Chen Xiang would run into something. When the time came, Chen Xiang would vent his anger on her and use torture on her.

"I know, I don’t need you to remind me!" Chen Xiang had already become a little mouse, and even became invisible, which made him safer.

This passage was very deep, and it had indeed become much more spacious at the back. On the way, Chen Xiang did not encounter anything along the way, as he had already arrived at the stone room that He Fengyuan had mentioned.

After arriving at the stone room, Chen Xiang took out a glowing stone to light up the room. He looked at the walls of the stone room and saw many Tao-creation’s incantations, all of these Tao-creation’s incantations were the third layer of the Tao-creation’s incantation, it was the Space mantra!

Chen Xiang released He Fengyuan and asked: "Is it here?"

"Yes, here it is." He Fengyuan frowned, he walked to the side of the stone wall and touched the Tao-creation incantations: "Strange, these Tao-creation incantations are a little different!"

"It’s not the same anymore? You recognize the Tao-creation Incantation? " Chen Xiang said in shock.

"Although I have not comprehended the Tao-creation’s incantation, I still remember that there have been some changes." He Fengyuan frowned as he pondered. He pointed to another stone wall and said, "When I came here before, I accidentally placed my hand on that stone wall. Then, the Space holy soul fused with me." Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Chen Xiang also walked over and placed his hands on it. Just as his hands touched it, his body couldn’t help but tremble, and the Space holy soul inside the Divine Sense Sea also started to jump fiercely.

After He Fengyuan saw it, she was also very surprised. So many years had passed and it was still effective, she anxiously walked over and pressed her hands on the stone wall, releasing a strange and familiar feeling.

Chen Xiang also did not understand what happened. In that instant, he suddenly knew how to use the power of space, it was all from that split second of inheritance.

He looked at He Fengyuan who was at the side, and was shocked, He Fengyuan was also receiving the inheritance.

Very quickly, He Fengyuan moved his hands away from the stone wall, and a light flashed across his eyes.

"What happened to you just now?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously: "You have to be more honest!"

"I got another Space holy soul." He Fengyuan raised his head and said: "What? You want to devour my Space holy soul again? "Come on!"

"What’s going on? Could it be that there are a lot of Space holy soul inside? " At this time, Chen Xiang’s Space holy soul had already reached its limit. If it was anymore consumed, it might cause other problems, so he did not dare to attempt it.

"There are only two Space holy soul inside, the last one was absorbed by me just now." He Fengyuan patted the stone wall again.

"This place is filled with Space mantra, and they are all being used extremely well." Chen Xiang immediately took out the Six Realms mirrors, and used a mirror to look at the mature Space mantra, and stored it inside the Six Realms mirrors.

He Fengyuan never thought that Chen Xiang actually did not plan to devour her Space holy soul. Although she had obtained the Space holy soul, her Divine Sense Sea was already severely damaged and the other World Defying holy soul she owned had also suffered heavy injuries. She did not know when they would recover, but she was still a cripple.

"You bastard!" He Fengyuan was so angry that he could not help but curse.

"Alright, now that you’ve helped me obtain the secret method to use the power of space, I’ll let you go!" Chen Xiang laughed.

"You are leaving?" You can’t leave me here! Send me back. " He Fengyuan only had the body of someone at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage, and in this place, she was extremely weak.

"I’m not going back yet." Chen Xiang said: "I want to continue looking for things here, I didn’t say that I would send you back right?"

"You ... You demon, what do you want to do? " He Fengyuan was anxious, she did not want to follow Chen Xiang at all, it would only make her angry.

"I might not go. There should be a Transmission array in the Bloody Plains. After I find it, I will activate it and leave." Chen Xiang said: "If you don’t mind, you can come with me."

"I don’t feel like running around randomly with you. You are someone who has been targeted by the Dragon Controlling Palace. You will get into trouble sooner or later." He Fengyuan snorted, he angrily stomped his feet.

Just as she stomped her foot, she stepped on a rock and it sank in.

After the stone sank, a screen of light immediately appeared on the stone wall.

"So there’s a trap here!" Chen Xiang was overjoyed, and laughed: "Do you want to follow me in to take a look?"

"I... I want to get inside that thing. " He Fengyuan pointed at the Six Realms mirrors, she felt that it was safer to stay inside.

After Chen Xiang placed her into the Six Realms mirrors, he passed through the light barrier on the stone wall and then went into another stone room.

This Transmission array was set up by the Super Yang Old Ancestor, he could recognize this style, but what gave him a headache was, most of the Transmission array seemed to be destroyed, and many of the array patterns seemed to have been destroyed.