Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang wasn’t proficient in array formations. When he saw how severely the array had been damaged, he was worried, as he was certain that it was left behind by the Super Yang Old Ancestor.

"Have you been here before?" Chen Xiang looked at He Fengyuan, because only He Fengyuan knew about this place, it was very possible that it was destroyed by He Fengyuan.

"How could it be me? I only found out about this place now! " Seeing that Chen Xiang suspected her, He Fengyuan was very angry and rolled his eyes at her.

"Then who destroyed it? Just how much hatred do you have? You have already destroyed more than half of the Transmission array! " Chen Xiang gritted his teeth in anger. If it was not destroyed, he could have activated the Transmission array now.

"Where can this Transmission array take you? "Why do you care so much?" He Fengyuan observed carefully from the stone room, and when he saw Chen Xiang’s flustered and exasperated look, he could tell how important this Transmission array was to Chen Xiang.

"I can go to Tao-creation Place!" Chen Xiang said.

"Tao-creation Place? The top layer? "You’re crazy!" He Fengyuan shouted in shock, "There are even more Dragon Controlling Gods above us. If you go up there, you will be courting death!"

"Don’t worry about me! I’m not afraid of those guys. " Chen Xiang snorted, and then let Feng Ke’er, who was from the You Yao Mountain Villa s, out.

He Fengyuan still wanted to say a few more words, but when he saw a cute little girl who was carved from jade running out, he couldn’t help but be shocked. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Is this your daughter?" He Fengyuan stared at Feng Ke’er.

"No... "You wicked woman, do not have any ideas about her!" Chen Xiang saw that He Fengyuan was staring at him and anxiously warned him.

"Humph, I’m just looking at them a few more times!" He Fengyuan let out a light snort. At this time, he was carefully inspecting the destroyed Spirit grain, but he did not notice the look in He Fengyuan’s eyes.

After a while, Feng Ke’er frowned and said: "Most of these runes are Tao-creation’s Incantation ... I don’t understand the third stage of Space mantra! "

He Fengyuan never thought that this little girl actually knew how to set up arrays, she seemed to be extremely proficient in it, if not she would not have realised so easily that the runes on the array were the Tao-creation Incantation.

"If you master the third stage of Space mantra, can you repair it?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course you can!" Feng Ke’er was very confident, it was just that it would take her a long time to learn the third stage of the Tao-creation’s Incantation.

Chen Xiang thought about it and decided to let Feng Ke’er learn and comprehend the third stage of the Tao-creation’s Incantation inside the Time Domain.

Feng Ke’er had already mastered a small portion of the first stage of the Tao-creation’s Incantation. If she was given more time, she would quickly learn the first stage, and then directly learn the third stage.

When Feng Ke’er entered the You Yao Mountain Villa, he released a Time Domain for Feng Ke’er alone. When he comprehended it, he would be extremely enthralled, and could not feel the passage of time, so he did not need to worry about being bored.

"You demon, why would such a cute little girl follow you!" He Fengyuan looked at Chen Xiang with a questioning gaze.

"She is a friend of mine, a formation grandmaster." Chen Xiang scoffed, "You wicked woman, do you have evil intentions towards her?"

"I was just worried that you would kill her! You’re the one who’s been targeted by the Dragon Controlling Palace. " He Fengyuan leaned against the wall and sat down, looking at the broken Transmission array, she really did not think that there would be a Transmission array that led to the Tao-creation Place.

"How could a wicked woman like you be so kind?" Chen Xiang curled his lips: "Truly unbelievable."

He Fengyuan said: "Are you sure you want to go to Tao-creation Place?"

"That’s for sure. I have important things to do, no one can stop me." said. On one hand, he wanted to help Qin Shuang find the Super Yang Old Ancestor, and on the other hand, he wanted to look for Peng profoundfei.

"You probably think that the Dragon Controlling Gods is not that powerful, right?" He Fengyuan said.

"No, I’ve never seen threats." Chen Xiang said, he felt that even if he faced a strong opponent, even if he did not win, he would not be killed, his Six Realms mirrors was still very strong.

Chen Xiang allowed He Fengyuan to enter the Six Realms mirrors s, then walked out of the cave. He wanted to walk around and see if he could find any clues.

"Little bastard, I suspect that the Transmission array was intentionally destroyed by the person who laid the formation." He Fengyuan said: "I did it so that I wouldn’t send people to the Tao-creation Place."

"The people who set up the formation should be Super Yang Old Ancestor and Gu Tong! Furthermore, the array requires many Crystal emperor s, not just anyone can activate the Transmission array. " Chen Xiang said: "Why didn’t they let him go to Tao-creation Place?"

He Fengyuan was speechless for a moment.

"I just feel that the person who destroyed the Transmission array should be proficient in formations, and it’s very likely that he came here from that formation, and appeared in that stone room ... And then, you destroyed the Transmission array, meaning that this person should still be here. " He Fengyuan had another guess.

"I have the same idea, but who is this person? The reason he destroyed the Transmission array since he came here, should be because he does not wish for anyone to descend from the Tao-creation Place. " Chen Xiang flew above the Bloody Plains, heading towards the three mountains that were connected together in front of him.

... ....

In the air outside of the Blood Mud Plains, there were two black armored men riding two huge black horses. The horses they were riding on had black scales and the horses had a bit of a dragon.

As for the two black armored men riding the black Dragon horse, they too had thick dragon auras and looked extremely powerful.

"This guy is really high-profile, he should already know of our Dragon Controlling Gods’s existence, but he released his dragon aura, otherwise we would not be able to catch up to him here."

"I’m really curious about the release of the Killing evil dragon. If I can obtain his Killing evil dragon, my strength will definitely increase by a lot." A Dragon Controlling Gods looked towards the distant Blood Mud Plains, excited.

"Chu Baocheng, I will give it to you this time, consider it as repaying your favor, don’t fail!" Another Dragon Controlling Gods said.

Chu Baocheng laughed out loud. "How could I fail? This guy should be a very self-righteous guy. I like to deal with this guy the most, and he definitely doesn’t think I’m that good. Luo Junfeng, you should know that I am one of the top ten youths under the Dragon Realm back then. "

That was back then. Luo Junfeng said: "Go quickly, I’ll wait for you here!"

"I can’t wait any longer. After staying in the fifth floor for so many years, I finally met someone who cultivated until the birth of a dragon. Just you wait." Chu Baocheng rode on the black Dragon horse and laughed out loud. A shadow appeared in the air and the Dragon horse was extremely fast. In the blink of an eye, Luo Junfeng could no longer see Chu Baocheng.

Chen Xiang had already arrived at the three mountains, but he felt that it was strange that these three mountains would actually grow many trees.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!

inclusion = " ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidccc; padding: 15px20px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {margin: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tMicrosoft Yahoo; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; mardin-bottom: 5px;}

Scan 2-D code to pay attention to 17K storyline official WeChat, the latest chapter can also be seen on WeChat! Click on the top right corner of WeChat + sign, choose add friends, search public number "wap17K" to pay attention to us. Reply to "Big Awards + your QQ number" to participate in the event. 10 iphone6, 10,000 QQ members waiting for you to receive!