Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang wanted He Fengyuan to come out and take a look, but He Fengyuan refused to come out no matter what. She was afraid of death, as her cultivation was destroyed, and if she met any powerful attacks, she would definitely die.

Now that she had obtained the Space holy soul, she felt that there was hope for her to recover in the future.

"Was it like this the last time you were here?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No, the last time I was here, the mountains didn’t have any trees. I remember it very clearly." He Fengyuan said: "The fact that there are trees appearing on these three mountains means that there is something strange up there. You will understand once you take a look, don’t you have big balls? "Quickly, go down and take a look!"

When Chen Xiang got down to the ground, he immediately sensed a very dense life aura. He suspected that there was some strong life force coming from some unknown source, causing this place to be extremely lush and verdant.

"What exactly is the reason?" Chen Xiang floated in the air, wanting to use the Dao heart Eye to see where the source of the aura was. However, he did not succeed.

Just as he was sensing it seriously, he suddenly felt a strong aura coming from the distance. This powerful aura made him shudder. He looked in the direction where the aura came from, there was a black dot there!

"What fellow is so powerful?" Chen Xiang’s expression was solemn as he immediately used Counter Power Invisibility, landing on the mountainside below to retract the power of the Red fire dragon.

Very quickly, Chen Xiang saw a very large black Dragon horse. The person on the Dragon horse was a Dragon Controlling Gods called Chu Baocheng.

Chen Xiang immediately described the person he saw to He Fengyuan.

"It’s the Dragon Controlling Gods!" He Fengyuan screamed loudly inside the Six Realms mirrors.

"Is this the Dragon Controlling Gods? "It really is terrifying. I don’t know if he will be able to discover me or not!" Chen Xiang was hiding right now, he did not want to fight with this Dragon Controlling Gods.

Chu Baocheng, who was in the air, arrived and looked down at the three mountains. The dragon aura around his body suddenly disappeared, and I can’t sense it anymore! " Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

When Chen Xiang saw Chu Baocheng floating in the air, he was extremely nervous. This Dragon Controlling Gods gave him a very strong pressure, one that was much stronger than the He Fengyuan he had defeated before.

"These Dragon Controlling Gods have a technique that specializes in dealing with the Dragon Power in your body. If you fight against him, it would be best for you to avoid using the Dragon Power." He Fengyuan said: "Right now, you must avoid any conflicts with him. I admit that your strength is not bad, even if you face a peak Aoshi Holy Stage, you won’t lose if you can’t win! If you were to face the Dragon Controlling Gods, then you wouldn’t be able to unleash that kind of power. "

"Well, I’ll try to avoid him!" Chen Xiang stood there quietly. As long as no one could sense him, he was safe.

"It’s a game of cat and mouse. I want to play it the most." Chu Baocheng chuckled, then patted the black Dragon horse’s head and said: "Let’s go, we’ll go find that mouse!"

The Dragon horse landed on top of a mountain, which was precisely the mountain that Chen Xiang resided on.

"We’re close. This guy knows where I am." Chen Xiang was shocked. Just as he was about to think of a countermeasure, the Dragon horse that just landed on the ground seemed to have discovered him and suddenly leaped up, landing near Chen Xiang.

The Dragon horse landed on the ground and cried out. A burst of Qi came out from its body and cut off all the surrounding trees.

"What a strange power! It can actually make you invisible! "Hmph, but I’ve already seen you." Chu Baocheng said with a sneer. Just now, the aura the black Dragon horse released caused the Counter Power on Chen Xiang’s body to fluctuate.

Chen Xiang immediately teleported a distance away, but he did not expect that the group of Dragon horse would catch up to him with a leap. Chu Baocheng threw out an array disc and released a barrier, preventing Chen Xiang from using teleportation.

"He even knows about the power of space, haha ..." Chu Baocheng laughed loudly, as if he was extremely excited.

As matters stood, Chen Xiang no longer planned to hide. After he appeared, his face became serious and the Six Realms mirrors had already fused with the Heavenly magic sword.

"There’s no escape? "Little mouse!" After Chu Baocheng got off the horse, he took out a black long blade. On the handle of the blade, there was a black dragon with red eyes.

"Are you here to capture me?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No, I’m here to kill you!" Chu Baocheng laughed disdainfully: "Little mouse, I’m from the Dragon Controlling Gods, I’m here specifically to deal with people like you."

"Why are you doing this to me?" Chen Xiang’s voice was ice-cold. This fellow actually called him Little Rat, which made him very angry.

"Because a mouse like you is not fit to have a dragon. The dragons you cultivate out, will all belong to our Dragon Controlling Palace! If you possess a dragon, you must die, because you are tarnishing our Dragon Controlling Palace. " When Chu Baocheng said these words, his voice was filled with hostility and iciness.

"Nonsense, what does the fact that I am able to produce a dragon from my cultivation have anything to do with your Dragon Controlling Palace? You bunch of idiots are just jealous that someone else can cultivate to become a dragon! You guys are the kind of rats that keep saying that other people are mice, and you guys are the kind of rats that specialize in stealing. " Chen Xiang was also filled with anger, all these Dragon Controlling Gods were too unreasonable.

He had always thought that there was some sort of enmity between the Dragon Controlling Palace and the dragon, but he never thought that the Dragon Controlling Palace coming to deal with him actually for this reason.

"What did you say!" Chu Baocheng had never met anyone who dared to defile their Dragon Controlling Palace.

"I say, you Dragon Controlling Palace seem to want to establish a memorial archway. You obviously want to steal someone else’s dragon, but you still have to find a bunch of lousy reasons. Do you think you want to establish a memorial archway or not?" Chen Xiang unceremoniously sneered.

"Bastard! Whoever dares to insult my Dragon Controlling Palace will die!" Chu Baocheng roared, the purple Qi on his body surged, the angry dragon’s roar erupted from his body, in the blink of an eye, he had changed his appearance.

Chu Baocheng had become a half human half dragon, his body was covered with purple scales, his body had also grown a lot larger, on his body, arms and legs were all purple dragon scales, he looked like a very strong defense.

"This guy ..." He originally only had the strength of a peak Aoshi Holy Stage, but after the power of a dragon fused with his own, he actually surpassed Aoshi Holy Stage! " Chen Xiang was secretly shocked, this was the World Defying Stage Divine Rank!

"Damned mouse, the one that deserves to die is you." Chu Baocheng let out a loud roar, and suddenly ten over small purple dragons suddenly appeared on the ground. These small dragons were like ropes, binding Chen Xiang’s body and body.

Chen Xiang was shocked. These small dragons were real dragons, he now knew that Dragon Controlling Gods had many dragons on him. No wonder he was called Dragon Controlling Gods!

"Die!" Chu Baocheng immediately flew over, wanting to punch Chen Xiang in the chest. Unexpectedly, Chen Xiang suddenly turned into a cloud of mist and broke free of the purple dragons’ restraints.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!

inclusion = " ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidccc; padding: 15px20px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {margin: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tMicrosoft Yahoo; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; mardin-bottom: 5px;}

Scan 2-D code to pay attention to 17K storyline official WeChat, the latest chapter can also be seen on WeChat! Click on the top right corner of WeChat + sign, choose add friends, search public number "wap17K" to pay attention to us. Reply to "Big Awards + your QQ number" to participate in the event. 10 iphone6, 10,000 QQ members waiting for you to receive!