Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

After Chen Xiang broke free, he threw a large pile of Crystal emperor into the mouth of the roaring dragon. After the Crystal emperor entered into the mouth of the dragon, under Chen Xiang’s control, all of the dragon’s heads exploded and were lost.

And with Chu Baocheng right beside these small dragons, the explosion of more than ten Crystal emperor had also caused him a certain amount of damage. In addition to the deaths of more than ten small dragons, it had also caused quite a bit of impact on him.

Roar!

Chu Baocheng was furious, he had never suffered such a loss. Following his furious roar, purple streaks of lightning and thunder continuously descended from the sky, covering this entire mountain.

In the blink of an eye, countless bolts of lightning fell to the ground. All the trees were instantly destroyed and turned into charcoal. They were then blasted away by the thunderous sound waves, falling into the bloody mud.

Chen Xiang had caused the Six Realms mirrors to return to its original state just now, blocking the descending bolts of lightning. Otherwise, he would have been severely injured by the lightning.

When Chu Baocheng saw that Chen Xiang was actually able to resist in the torrential storm of lightning, he became even more furious and rushed towards Chen Xiang like a bolt of lightning. His two fists became two dragon heads as he gave a series of violent and chaotic punches to Chen Xiang, causing a large shadow of a fist to appear, shrouding Chen Xiang within.

"Go die, die, die!" Chu Baocheng violently punched and roared at the same time, his fists extremely ferocious. Every time he punched out, the winds generated from his punches were like a hurricane, the resulting tremors caused the mountains to tremble, and the resulting tremors caused the blood and mud to move up and down.

Even though Chen Xiang had the Six Realms mirrors to block it, he could only block the wild thunder, and the wild thunder was still falling nonstop. It was difficult for him to avoid Chu Baocheng’s fist that suddenly, and his body suffered hundreds of punches in an instant.

If not for him allowing the Red fire dragon to fuse with him, the hundreds of punches just now would have turned him into meat paste. This Chu Baocheng’s strength was extremely terrifying.

"Lightning Conversion Array, open!" Chen Xiang controlled the Six Realms mirrors to release a lightning formation that floated above his head. After that, he endured the pain from his body and swung the Six Realms mirrors up with great force.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Chu Baocheng’s fist suddenly smashed onto the Six Realms mirrors’s body many times, the force of his punch rebounded back several times, and charged towards Chu Baocheng.

Chu Baocheng was unable to react in time, he was sent flying by his own fist force and his body was in extreme pain. His fist had been infused with a very strong Purple Thunder Divine Inherent Skill, he knew best when he was hit by it.

He was injured by his own strength!

Thinking about that, Chu Baocheng was so angry that his entire body was trembling, the purple lightning that erupted at will became even more violent.

"I won’t accompany you any longer!"

Seeing that Chu Baocheng’s injuries weren’t serious, Chen Xiang immediately rushed towards the black Dragon horse and sealed it in a space inside the Six Realms mirrors. Then, he let the Six Realms mirrors release a wave of energy and broke the array disc.

Furthermore, Chen Xiang’s movements were extremely fast. By the time he had caught up to Chen Xiang, the Six Realms mirrors had already drilled into the bloody mud, causing Chu Baocheng to be so angry that he could only roar out.

"Motherf * cker, I’m finally safe."

Chen Xiang was inside the Six Realms mirrors, and he was sent flying by the Six Realms mirrors’s rebound. He had the chance to go over to attack, but after considering his own serious injuries and Chu Baocheng’s strong defense, he gave up in the end. Otherwise, he would lose the best chance to escape.

He Fengyuan saw that Chen Xiang’s entire body was riddled with wounds. It was unbelievable, Chen Xiang was actually able to escape from the hands of the Dragon Controlling Gods.

What He Fengyuan did not know was that Chen Xiang had made the Dragon Controlling Gods suffer a great loss.

"Just a mere Dragon Controlling Gods, what is there to be afraid of! If I were at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage, I would definitely hang this guy up and beat him. " Chen Xiang was extremely weak and snorted: "I made him suffer a huge loss, so I took away his precious Dragon horse."

was stunned. Dragon horse was the symbol of the Dragon Controlling Gods. Not only did it have a fast flying speed, it could also sense the location of other dragons and had a very strong perception. They were actually taken away by Chen Xiang!

Chen Xiang felt that he was in so much pain from the beating that he received that he couldn’t walk smoothly. At the same time, he also wanted those bullsh * t Dragon Controlling Gods to know that he, Chen Xiang, was not a character to be trifled with!

"Hmph, that horse is not bad. Sooner or later, I will tame it." After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he laughed: "I’m guessing that the Transmission array was destroyed by that guy, it’s not easy for him to return now, I want to see where he can go to find Dragon horse! The Dragon horse should be very important to the Dragon Controlling Gods, but I managed to capture them. "

He Fengyuan was speechless, Chen Xiang could not win against her, but actually stole her horse!

Chen Xiang let the Mei Jing Sisters and the others release their power of regeneration to help him recover. This time, his injuries were more serious, and he stopped releasing the Time Domain during the battle to let Feng Ke’er understand the Tao-creation’s incantation.

... ....

On that mountain, Luo Junfeng looked at the berserk and furious Chu Baocheng in utter speechlessness.

Chu Baocheng was injured, and was even injured by his own strength, but there was no problem with that, the biggest problem was that Chu Baocheng’s horse was taken away smoothly.

"This damn rat!" Chu Baocheng raised a huge boulder and threw it into the pool of blood, "Damn the mirror, I hate the mirror!"

"You missed!" Luo Junfeng said: "It’s my turn now, wait for me here. I’ll help you find your horse, at that time, you don’t have to thank me, after all, it’s just a convenience."

"Hurry up and go!" "It’s best if we can capture that guy alive. I want to torture him to death." Chu Baocheng shouted in anger.

"I’ll try my best!" Luo Junfeng rode on the black Dragon horse and flew in the air. At this moment, he didn’t know whether he could find Chen Xiang or not, because Chu Baocheng had seen Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors sinking into the pool of blood. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

The blood mud was very deep and there was still the terrifying Blood devil shark below. He didn’t dare to carelessly mess around with it.

"It all depends on luck!" Luo Junfeng patted the Dragon horse’s head.

Not only did Chu Baocheng lose precious Dragon horse, those ten over small dragons were also blown to death by Chen Xiang using Crystal emperor. Even though he came from Tao-creation Place, he had never seen such a luxurious guy.

Thinking about how he had suffered such a huge loss, Chu Baocheng’s chest felt stuffy, and it was difficult for it to leak out, which made him feel extremely uncomfortable.

Chen Xiang was in the Six Realms mirrors, while the Six Realms mirrors was deep in the pool of blood. If it was swallowed by the Blood devil shark, it would also be very troublesome. However, he thought of a way, it would be to turn the Six Realms mirrors into a relatively large rock, with many sharp thorns emerging from the rock as well.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!

inclusion = " ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidccc; padding: 15px20px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {margin: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tMicrosoft Yahoo; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; mardin-bottom: 5px;}

Scan 2-D code to pay attention to 17K storyline official WeChat, the latest chapter can also be seen on WeChat! Click on the top right corner of WeChat + sign, choose add friends, search public number "wap17K" to pay attention to us. Reply to "Big Awards + your QQ number" to participate in the event. 10 iphone6, 10,000 QQ members waiting for you to receive!