Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang hid under the blood mud, for the time being he was safe. Luo Junfeng was hovering in the air, and although his Dragon horse seemed to be able to sense that Chen Xiang was below the blood mud, it was unable to get down.

"I need to move to avoid being attacked by that guy up there." Chen Xiang controlled the Six Realms mirrors that had transformed into a thorny ball and moved swiftly below.

He did not know how much energy this pool of blood actually contained to be able to produce so many Blood devil shark, but right now, he had encountered a group of Blood devil shark.

Blood devil shark had a special sensitivity. It could tell that the Six Realms mirrors was refined using the Tao-creation Holy stone, and the Tao-creation Holy stone had become very rare in the blood mud.

When the Blood devil shark approached, it opened its mouth wanting to swallow the Six Realms mirrors, but the Six Realms mirrors became a thorny ball, the thorns were extremely hard, and when it bit down, it directly pierced through the Blood devil shark’s mouth.

The Blood devil shark moved violently in pain, shaking its head and shaking off the Six Realms mirrors, causing it to flee in panic. All the nearby Blood devil shark saw this, and they were not stupid, so they knew that if they tried to bite it, they would definitely do the same as the Blood devil shark.

"This move is really effective!" heaved a sigh of relief, he had to quickly recover from his injuries, and activate Time Domain to let Feng Ke’er quickly comprehend the Space mantra, so that he could repair the array and head to Tao-creation Place.

At this time, none of the Blood devil shark had the guts to attack the Six Realms mirrors, and all of them stayed far away. Chen Xiang got the Six Realms mirrors to release a chain and bind one of the Blood devil shark’s tail.

Just like that, the Six Realms mirrors was brought along by the Blood devil shark to move quickly under the blood and mud.

"How did these Dragon Controlling Gods feel me?" Chen Xiang was puzzled: "What kind of special perception does that Dragon horse possess?"

Chen Xiang came to the stone room of the Six Realms mirrors, there was a Dragon horse sealed inside.

He Fengyuan followed Chen Xiang in. After personally seeing the Dragon horse, only then did he confirm that he had really been caught by Chen Xiang.

"This Dragon horse is not weak, is your seal alright?" He Fengyuan stood at the door and did not dare enter. She was so weak, and if the Dragon horse went crazy, even if he messed with her, she would suffer greatly.

"If only Yuqing was here. Maybe she could figure it out." Bai Youyou said as he came out of the You Yao Mountain Villa and looked at the Dragon horse.

Xu Youqing was proficient in this area, understanding how to dissolve contracts, or how to further refine souls.

"I want to subdue this Dragon horse!" Chen Xiang touched the sealed black Dragon horse and said.

"I just saw that the Dragon horse and Master have a very strong contract power, and only Master can break it! If You Qing was here, she might have a way. " Bai Youyou shook his head.

When He Fengyuan saw Bai Youyou’s appearance, she knew that Chen Xiang had never been alone. Previously, there were Feng Ke’er and Young girl Danling, and now, there was another cold and beautiful woman. This made her suspect that Chen Xiang had brought a lot of women with him.

"Sigh, I won’t be able to get You Qing here right now." Chen Xiang sighed.

"All I can do now is to use the gentlest possible method to search through the memories of this horse." Bai Youyou said.

"Alright, you can try and see if you can find a way to escape this ..." "Also, see if I can make this guy submit to me." Chen Xiang said.

"This should be fine. I need some time." Bai Youyou said. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Chen Xiang walked out of the stone room and allowed Bai Youyou to proceed quietly.

"Brat, when are you going to let me go back?" He Fengyuan frowned: "I don’t want to continue to risk my life with you."

"I can send you up now." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Isn’t sending me up the mountain the same as sending me to my death?" He Fengyuan scoffed, "I want you to send me back to Heavenly Proud Imperial Palace."

"Are you sure you want to go back?" Chen Xiang asked: "Do you regret this?"

"Why should I regret it?" He Fengyuan thought about it and asked.

Chen Xiang laughed out loud. "Do you think that your father, King’s father-in-law, has been under house arrest for so long? If nothing unexpected happens, your King’s father-in-law father has already been captured. "

He Fengyuan heard what Chen Xiang said and he laughed coldly, "It seems like you do not understand Heavenly Proud Imperial Palace. My father was in charge of the Pill Palace in Heavenly Proud Imperial Palace and he is also in charge of the sect himself. What a joke! "

"Zhou Zhengyang is truly capable, he never would have let two of his precious daughters fall into my hands."

Chen Xiang shook his head: "That’s only because Zhou Zhengyang didn’t think that you would actually make a move against his daughter. He has always been indulging you right? This is what I felt in the study room... Although I do not know him well, I know that he is not a person who likes to fight, and only wants stability. "

"Even if he were to be placed under house arrest, he would still think that it was nothing. Only then you took his daughter. "

He Fengyuan snorted: "I don’t believe that Zhou Zhengyang has the ability to compete with my father."

"Okay, when I’m done here, I will bring you back. By then, your father might already be dead." Chen Xiang said: "On the surface, Zhou Zhengyang looks gentle and refined, but once he gets angry, it is very dangerous."

When Chen Xiang was in the study room, he had already felt that Zhou Zhengyang was a person who pursued tranquility. As long as his peaceful days were not destroyed, he did not care about anything. Once it was destroyed, he would start a massacre.

He Fengyuan did not speak anymore, she realized that she still did not understand Zhou Zhengyang well enough, even though she was the Queen.

"If you had not captured those two sisters, now you are safe, and perhaps you could have acquired the entire Heavenly Ao Empire." Chen Xiang curled his lips. "It’s all because of you ... I feel like Zhou Zhengyang had wanted to hand over the Heavenly Ao Empire for a long time, so that he could live a peaceful life. "

"Humph!" He Fengyuan snorted angrily, then squatted in the corner.

Chen Xiang continued to heal his injuries and asked: "Are you sure you want to go back now? Actually, it’s useless even if you go back. "

"It’s better than following you everywhere and courting death." In the past few days, He Fengyuan had gotten to know that Chen Xiang was a master who specialized in making trouble.

"Only by doing this will it become exciting. I like to challenge those kinds of people who think themselves to be powerful. At the very least, it’s better than bullying the weak and bullying the weak." Chen Xiang laughed: "When my injuries are better, I’ll go ride along with another group of Dragon horse and let that guy ride on there for a few more days."

"Aren’t you afraid of the Dragon Controlling Palace’s revenge?" He Fengyuan never thought that Chen Xiang would actually want to do it again.

"It doesn’t matter, since they have already set their eyes on me, regardless of whether I snatch their Dragon horse or not, they all want to kill me, so why not just fight them to the end?" Chen Xiang sneered.