Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

After a few days, Chen Xiang’s injuries were much better, he could now release Time Domain to Feng Ke’er. ), most recent chapter access: Bai Youyou also found some useful memories.

"Dragon horse have a special kind of Inherent Skill that can sense the existence of dragons! Even if it was hidden within your Divine Sense Sea, the Dragon horse would still be able to sense some auras. " Bai Youyou said: "As for how to avoid this, according to the memories in the Dragon horse’s mind, all you need to do is seal the dragon and let it fall into a deep sleep. It does not absorb the outside energy nor release itself, it’s like a fake death, and that way you can avoid being tracked."

He Fengyuan said: "Isn’t this a little difficult? The power of dragons is very strong, isn’t letting a dragon sleep the same as sealing a part of one’s power? "

"That’s good, but it can avoid being tracked. Just remove the seal when you need it." Bai Youyou said.

Feng Ke’er should be able to make a pretty good array disc that would allow him to quickly seal the Azure Dragon. In his Divine Sense Sea, only the Azure Dragon needed to seal.

"Then, do you have such memories of taming Dragon horse?" asked, this method made her feel that it was extremely mystical. Previously, Chen Xiang had also wanted to use it on her, but later on, because her soul was too weak, she did not do so.

"There is. Killing the original owner of the Dragon horse would be enough to dissolve the contract between them, and then tame the Dragon horse." Bai Youyou said: "It shouldn’t be difficult to tame Dragon horse. As long as you’re strong enough, the Dragon horse will recognize you."

He Fengyuan looked at Chen Xiang, she could tell that Chen Xiang was about to go "seek death", as long as he was killed by Chu Baocheng, she would be able to obtain a Dragon horse.

Chu Baocheng did not have any Dragon horse now, so when Chen Xiang killed more than ten small dragons, his strength was greatly reduced!

"You want to go?" He Fengyuan asked anxiously.

"Yes!" "Don’t worry, I never do things that I’m not confident in." Chen Xiang giggled: "For a Dragon horse, no matter how dangerous, it’s still worth a fight."

He Fengyuan had nothing to say, she could only pray that Chen Xiang could live, if not she would die with him.

In the days that followed, while Chen Xiang released the Triple time field to allow Feng Ke’er to comprehend the Space mantra, he also refined a Crystal emperor. This time, he refined the second level of the Increase spell into the Crystal emperor.

Increase spell s could increase their energy by several times. He first imbued the Crystal emperor with the destructive power of Thunder Fire Burst, and then added a second layer of Increase spell onto the rest of the incantations, increasing the power of the Thunder Fire Burst.

Furthermore, the Crystal emperor now were not piece by piece, but rather Dan King that had been compressed into the size of a thumb.

"Destruction Curse Pill!" Chen Xiang looked at the refined Crystal emperor and smiled slightly.

He Fengyuan had witnessed the entire process from the side. She had never thought that there was such a method of refining a pill, not only could it be eaten, it could also be used to attack. It was equivalent to compressing an extremely strong energy into a very small pill, and once it exploded, its power would be limitless.

He Fengyuan had to admit, Chen Xiang’s pill techniques were superb, and his train of thought in concocting pills was also very unpredictable.

"Fighting is only my side business, refining pills is my strong point." Chen Xiang looked at the shocked He Fengyuan and chuckled.

He Fengyuan was very clear that the Destruction Curse Pill refined by Chen Xiang would definitely be able to kill a lot of people, because no one knew how strong the power of the pill would be.

"Now is the time for me to unleash the strongest power in the Alchemist." Chen Xiang took out a few more Crystal emperor s.

Crystal emperor itself contained a very rich amount of energy. After refining the Tao-creation Incantation, it would be able to release an even stronger power from the Tao-creation Incantation, so it was one of the best materials to refine an offensive pill.

"This is called the Ice Curse Pill!" Chen Xiang then refined another pellet. This pellet mainly released Ice Cold Energy and was refined with the Ice Curse and Increase spell.

This pellet had been carefully studied by him. If it exploded, the energy released would be concentrated in one place. It would have a better effect! If they were to explode and spread too far, it would be inappropriate for them to deal with a single person.

If he was going to use it against many people, he would have another method to train it.

He Fengyuan was secretly rejoicing in her heart, Chen Xiang had only developed this pill after fighting with her, otherwise, she would have been smashed to death by this pill while fighting with Chen Xiang. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

The last pill Chen Xiang refined was the Explosion Curse Pill that mainly gathered the shaking power, and was also added into the Increase spell. Other than that, there was also a dense amount of Drunk god magical poison s in there.

"It’s about time, let’s use that arrogant guy to practice." Chen Xiang told Feng Ke’er to stop comprehending the Tao-creation’s incantation. In the past few days, Feng Ke’er had passed through a few dozen years and had already made a huge progress. She was already familiar with the first stage of the Tao-creation’s incantation, so she jumped over the second stage and started the third stage of the Space mantra.

She had already grasped two Space mantra.

"It’s not too good to directly seal it. I have a better idea." Feng Ke’er said: "Even if I ’created’ a Ninefold Space Domain using the Space mantra that I had just learned, after nine layers of space isolation, the green dragon’s aura should not be detected by the Dragon horse. Furthermore, when you need it, you can make the green dragon quickly come from the domain and release its power to fight for you."

"If I’m going to fake my death from the seal, I’ll need a bit more time to awaken. I’ll need a bit more time to recover my strength as well."

Chen Xiang was shocked: "Then that’s great, I’ll use your method to try it!"

Feng Ke’er laughed: "If you use the second stage of Time Domain on me, I can refine a formation plate in a day!"

Chen Xiang immediately released her Time Domain on Feng Ke’er. Feng Ke’er had always been studying smithing and had learned quite well, the materials she used to create the array disc now were all Crystal emperor s. The three young women’s pills were able to condense Crystal emperor s every day.

In the end, Feng Ke’er successfully completed the refinement. He immediately placed the formation plate under the Azure Dragon, forming a Ninefold Space Domain that concealed the Azure Dragon within.

The Ninefold Space was built layer by layer, with nine consecutive levels. This way, there would be a very strong isolation, and it would not be easy to sense them.

Chen Xiang thought back to when Chu Baocheng came to capture him. At that time, he had already become invisible, and although Chu Baocheng could not see him, the Dragon horse could.

"That fellow should still be tracking me up there. I’ll give it a try right now!" Chen Xiang controlled the Six Realms mirrors to teleport above the sky and then walked out of the Six Realms mirrors himself and stood on top of it.

At this time, both he and the Six Realms mirrors had become invisible, and were flying towards Luo Junfeng who had caught up to them.

Luo Junfeng rode a Dragon horse high up in the sky. After Chen Xiang flew below him, he didn’t detect it in the slightest.

"This idiot, I’ll let you ride on the Dragon horse for a few more days." Chen Xiang silently thought as he watched Luo Junfeng hop around in the sky while riding on a Dragon horse, then he flew towards those three strange mountains.