Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

He Fengyuan who was inside the Six Realms mirrors knew that Chen Xiang had succeeded, and was a lot more at ease. This way, Chen Xiang would no longer be tracked by the Dragon Controlling Gods, and as long as Chen Xiang was safe, she would be fine.

He Fengyuan was very gloomy, she did not know why Chen Xiang wanted to bring her along, nor did she want her to go back. She felt that Chen Xiang was deliberately tormenting her, torturing her with his spirit, because she was very angry whenever she saw Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang quickly returned to those three strange mountains. He sent out his Heaven devouring rat to search for the hidden Chu Baocheng, he determined that Chu Baocheng would definitely stay there and wait for Luo Junfeng’s return.

Chen Xiang could not use the power of the Red fire dragon, so he himself could not fly high in the sky either, and could only control the Six Realms mirrors to fly at a low altitude.

The Heaven devouring rat quickly found a mountain cave that they seemed to have just dug.

"Crawl in and take a look. Is that idiot in there?" Chen Xiang controlled the Heaven devouring rat to enter. Not long after, he heard Chu Baocheng’s angry roar.

"Damn those damn rats, I hate them the most!" Chu Baocheng roared angrily, and threw a punch at the Heaven devouring rat, but the Heaven devouring rat avoided it agilely, and then crawled out of the mountain cave.

Chen Xiang couldn’t help but laugh. Before, he was just a mouse in Chu Baocheng’s eyes, but he had actually succeeded in taking away Chu Baocheng’s Dragon horse and even caused Chu Baocheng to become extremely miserable. If this news spread to the Dragon Controlling Palace, Chu Baocheng would definitely lose a lot of face.

After Chu Baocheng chased the Heaven devouring rat out of the cave, Chen Xiang immediately threw out a Frozen End Curse Pill. Previous Chapter Next Chapter The ice seal incantation instantly devoured the entire Crystal emperor’s energy, turning it into a powerful Icy cold power. However, it was also instantly strengthened a lot by the Increase spell. ’)

An extremely terrifying freezing power instantly exploded out, covering only a radius of four to five Zhang.

The moment Chu Baocheng rushed out of the cave, he was frozen by the wave of Icy cold power and couldn’t move at all. However, the moment he was frozen, the thick layer of ice loosened. He was truly worthy of being a Dragon Controlling Gods, and was very strong.

Just as Chen Xiang was about to break the ice seal, he immediately threw another Destruction Curse Pill down.

With a honglong sound, a large piece of the mountain was blasted apart. Huge boulders flew up into the air and rolled about!

The Destruction Incantation Pill instantly exploded right beside Chu Baocheng. The explosive impact shattered the thick ice, and the lightning and fire, together with the shaking power, struck into Chu Baocheng’s body, dispersing all the energy Chu Baocheng had just suppressed.

The violent lightning bolts sprung forth crazily, the ferocious flames burning as they gathered around Chu Baocheng.

"Damn rat, I know it’s you!" Chu Baocheng was immediately enraged. He had killed more than ten small dragons in this way, but the power this time was even more violent.

Chu Baocheng’s entire body was filled with wounds, entangled with wild thunder and fire, and after he got rid of the wild thunder and fire, Chen Xiang threw out another explosive curse pill, and the shaking power along with the large amount of Drunk god magical poison s poured into Chu Baocheng’s body.

To deal with someone like Chu Baocheng, who could transform into a dragon, would need a very large amount of Drunk god magical poison!

This was the third time Chu Baocheng suffered from this kind of attack, and his anger soared to the skies! He knew that Chen Xiang was very weak and he almost got killed by him, but to think that he would actually use such a method to make him look so pathetic. He hated Chen Xiang so much that his teeth itched, yet he was unable to find her. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Chen Xiang finally appeared, holding the Six Realms mirrors in his hand like a shield, he looked at Chu Baocheng through the mirror.

"Dragon Controlling Gods? I think you’re a Imperial Insect Pig! " Chen Xiang laughed out loud.

"Damned rat, die!" Chu Baocheng released a burst of energy towards Chen Xiang, but it was extremely weak. Chen Xiang used his Six Realms mirrors to directly block it, the rebound force was very strong, it struck onto Chu Baocheng’s body and stimulated him to fly out.

Chu Baocheng knew that he had been poisoned and this poison was extremely strange, causing him to be unable to bring out his strength. Seeing Chen Xiang coming over with a smile on his face, he couldn’t help but feel fear.

"Master Dragon Controlling Gods, you’re about to die. Do you have anything to say?" Chen Xiang whistled and looked at Chu Baocheng who had fallen amidst the messy rocks and flames.

"You killed the Dragon Controlling Gods, so you want to oppose the Dragon Controlling Palace!" Chu Baocheng said with fear and exhausted all of his strength.

"Oh? If you want to take away my dragon, you will be going against me. If you want to go against me, there is only death, no matter what hall you come from! As for going against the Dragon Controlling Palace? I am not afraid. If they come to find trouble with me, I will kill all of them like I killed a stupid pig like you. " Chen Xiang swung his Six Realms mirrors, smashing down at Chu Baocheng violently.

Hmm, just like this, the Dragon Controlling Gods Chu Baocheng was slapped to death with a big cake like Six Realms mirrors, probably making him the most useless of Dragon Controlling Gods.

After getting rid of the Dragon Controlling Gods, Chen Xiang threw the corpse inside the Six Realms mirrors, and then himself also entered the Six Realms mirrors, heading towards the strange mountain to continue inspecting it. Last time, before he even started to investigate, Chu Baocheng, the pig, suddenly appeared.

"How is it? This is the Dragon Controlling Gods that you think is very powerful! " Chen Xiang pointed to the corpses in the room.

When He Fengyuan looked at Dragon Controlling Gods, he was speechless. Dragon Controlling Gods had done a lot to her father, yet he was actually killed by Chen Xiang, a late stage Aoshi Holy Stage.

"Hmph, consider yourself strong!" But you only killed him by sneaking around. " He Fengyuan was full of admiration in his heart, but on the surface, he did not admit it.

"True experts do not fear sneaky methods." Chen Xiang laughed: "So this guy is just a stupid pig, otherwise how would he be killed by me? You just wait and see. I will use this method to get rid of the other pig. This group of fellows are usually quite rampant, so let me teach them a lesson! "

Chen Xiang proudly entered the stone room that sealed the Dragon horse and immediately threw Chu Baocheng’s corpse there. At this time, the Dragon horse was free, and had already cancelled the contract with Chu Baocheng.

"This Dragon horse is much stronger than this guy." Chen Xiang whistled to the Dragon horse and then asked Bai Youyou what this Dragon horse liked to eat the most.

"Dragon horse prefer to eat beast meat. If there is none, Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals are fine too. I recommend that you give them a piece or two from time to time." Bai Youyou said.

The Dragon horse had a fast flying speed and it also had a certain level of combat strength. It was an excellent mount.

After Luo Junfeng was unable to find Chen Xiang, he started to become suspicious, because logically, Dragon horse should be able to feel it. However, the Dragon horse suddenly lost its sense, meaning that Chen Xiang had already found a way to avoid the tracking.

This was the first time Luo Junfeng had heard of someone successfully avoiding the Dragon horse’s pursuit, because even if the Divine Sense Sea’s Dragon Slumber Seal was used, the Dragon horse would still be able to feel it, unless the dragon was gone!

"This kid is very weird, I have to be careful." Luo Junfeng looked behind him, then rode on his Dragon horse and quickly flew over. He suddenly felt that Chen Xiang would return to those three strange mountains.