Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang knew that these three strange mountains were not simple, otherwise, it would not have been possible for so many trees to grow here. He remembered that the last time he fought with Chu Baocheng, he destroyed a lot of the trees here.

"What exactly is inside this strange mountain?" How could the trees in the three mountains sustain such a strong life force? " Chen Xiang rode on his Six Realms mirrors and flew through the forest in the middle of the strange mountain, searching for the source of the life force that was being released.

Although the Strange Mountain had a lot of huge trees that reached the sky, there were no beasts inside. They were all plants, Chen Xiang had been flying in there for quite a while now and he did not even see a single bug.

"These trees should have grown up recently, they are not old trees." Jiang Sijing came out from the You Yao Mountain Villa, and looked at the trees here. Only she and Jiang Simei could see more things from them.

"Sijing, can you communicate with these trees?" Chen Xiang asked: "I want to find the source, I think that place should be pretty good."

"That’s no problem at all. I need a little time. Just wait patiently." Jiang Sijing placed his hand on the tree trunk, then closed his eyes and began to communicate with the tree.

Not long after, Jiang Sijing reaped some rewards. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Got it ..." I really never thought that there would be such a magical thing here. " Jiang Sijing was also very excited, her face was filled with a happy smile, as if she was extremely interested in that mysterious object.

"What magical thing?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously: "Are we here?"

"It’s here!" Jiang Sijing hurriedly nodded: "Actually, it’s only a very, very small thing. It should be a seed, and when that seed appeared on the three desolate mountains, it released a mysterious power, nourishing the three mountains, and then, the mountain gave birth to many trees."

It was a miraculous seed that changed these three mountains.

"Where is it? I’ll go take a look now. " Chen Xiang said.

"Good!" I’ll tell you where. " Jiang Sijing was also really looking forward to Chen Xiang finding that seed.

After Chen Xiang found out about a direction, he immediately urged his Six Realms mirrors and flew over with his fastest speed.

Very quickly, Chen Xiang arrived at the belly of a mountain. The seed was inside, he had dug a cave and entered.

The seed was connected to a huge rock. He did not know why this seed suddenly appeared here. It was extremely miraculous that it was able to give birth to so many trees in these three mountains.

When Chen Xiang saw the seed, he immediately walked over, wanting to take it away. However, just as his fingers were about to touch it, the seed suddenly flashed, and released a green light.

The light was accompanied by a gentle breeze, and when it was released towards Chen Xiang, he could not help but shiver, and felt a very strange energy enter his body.

"What’s going on?" Chen Xiang felt that he was suddenly unable to move.

What was even more bizarre was that the light emitted by the seed immediately dimmed, becoming extremely calm, while Chen Xiang remained motionless at the same place. No matter how much power he released, he was unable to escape from his body.

He was trapped by a strange force!

"Even Counter Power cannot be used!" Chen Xiang could feel that any kind of power could flow within his body, but he couldn’t release it from his body. He didn’t know why, but his body couldn’t move either.

Chen Xiang started to worry. He couldn’t move his body and he couldn’t release his power at all. Once someone came here, he would become extremely dangerous.

Worried about what might come next, Chen Xiang suddenly heard footsteps, and as expected, someone came over.

"Dammit, who is going to come?" Chen Xiang originally planned to release the girls from You Yao Mountain Villa to help him, but he was worried that those girls would also be confined, so it would become even more dangerous.

He tried to release the Mouse Man, but seeing that someone was coming over, he quickly recalled the Mouse Man.

Soon, that person approached.

"You’re actually here, where’s Chu Baocheng?" Luo Junfeng couldn’t help but be happy in his heart when he saw Chen Xiang standing there. It was because he saw that Chen Xiang couldn’t move and there wasn’t any fluctuation of aura on his body.

"I don’t know anyone called Chu Baocheng. Who are you? Get out of my way, don’t disturb my rest. I opened this cave myself, so if you need one, you can get one yourself. " Chen Xiang said coldly, he obviously knew who this person was, this person was also a powerful Dragon Controlling Gods, and he looked to be much stronger than Chu Baocheng.

"Hehe, are you trying to scare me?" Luo Junfeng walked in and also discovered the seed. His heart couldn’t help but shiver, he suddenly remembered where the strong vitality of these three strange mountains came from.

It was from this seed!

When Luo Junfeng saw that Chen Xiang’s fingers were touching the plant, without moving an inch, he was sure that Chen Xiang was absorbing the seed’s energy.

"This is mine!" Luo Junfeng took out a black long blade, and was about to cut down on Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang’s heart broke out in cold sweat, but he reacted quickly, and released a Mouse Man, allowing him to touch the seed.

When the seed of the God Equipment sensed that someone was touching it, it immediately released that strange and terrifying light white glow. This light was just like before, accompanied by a light breeze.

When Luo Junfeng, who was chopping down with his blade, was hit by the wind, his body froze and he could not move at all. He was extremely shocked in his heart, and shouted out: "You bastard, what did you do?!"

What was inconceivable to Chen Xiang was that after he was hit by the light clouds and light breeze again, he could actually move.

"Haha ..." I don’t know what’s going on either! " Chen Xiang looked back at the unmoving Luo Junfeng who was slashing down with his blade, and was extremely happy.

Luo Junfeng immediately understood that the strange light ray just now was able to cause people to be unable to move. Just now, Chen Xiang had accidentally triggered that light ray, and after he arrived, Chen Xiang had released another person to trigger the light beam.

The second time Chen Xiang was hit by the light, he would be able to recover back to normal and move.

"Fuck you, you actually want to kill me!" Chen Xiang’s palm kept on hitting Luo Junfeng’s face, until it started to crack. Although Luo Junfeng was unable to move, he could still feel the pain and humiliation.

He, Luo Junfeng, a dignified Dragon Controlling Gods, was actually slapped by such a fellow!

"You can’t kill me." Luo Junfeng anxiously shouted, but just as he finished shouting, Chen Xiang swung the Six Realms mirrors, and easily killed him.