Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Luo Junfeng was not the first Dragon Controlling Gods to be beaten to death like that by Chen Xiang. Chu Baocheng was the first! However, Luo Junfeng died with even more grievances than Chu Baocheng, because when he entered the cave, he was baffled. He had not even spoken a few words with Chen Xiang before he was beaten to death by Chen Xiang. Access:.

"This guy is stronger than Chu Baocheng!" Chen Xiang looked at the dead Luo Junfeng and took a deep breath, "But he’s easier to deal with than Chu Baocheng."

At least Chu Baocheng had used up three of the Curse Pills refined with Crystal emperor s, as well as a large number of Drunk god magical poison s. However, Luo Junfeng had only used up one Mouse Man of his, and he was already smacked to death. A Dragon Controlling Gods was killed just like that, no one would believe it even if they told others.

He Fengyuan believed that because she saw it with her own eyes, she could not believe what she saw with her own eyes. It was easier for Chen Xiang to kill than to kill a dog.

"The dragon in my body is still alive, it’s mine now!" Chen Xiang checked and found that there were actually two large dragons in Luo Junfeng’s body. These two large dragons were blue colored lightning dragons, and the rest were around ten small lightning dragons.

Chen Xiang ’handed over’ her corpse to Bai Youyou, and had her work with Long Xueyi to see if they can get the dragon inside out ... Also, he had given the previous Chu Baocheng over to Bai Youyou.

All along, it had always been the Dragon Controlling Gods who stole someone else’s dragon. Now that they were robbed, it should be a very rare occurrence.

Chen Xiang ran out of the cave and saw a black colored Dragon horse outside. He immediately released the Six Realms mirrors and sealed the horse inside a stone room of the Six Realms mirrors.

He had reaped a huge harvest this time and ’got’ another batch of Dragon horse. Dance ebook [There are almost all of it, it is much more stable than the average station. It is even faster with updates. There are no ads in the entire text.]

"This thing is really hard to deal with!" Chen Xiang returned to the depths of the mountain cave once again and looked at the mysterious seed. Now, he was sure that this seed had a very strong consciousness of self-protection, otherwise it wouldn’t have released that kind of light.

"What should I do?" Chen Xiang really wanted to take the seed away, but he couldn’t touch the seed at the moment.

Chen Xiang paced around the cave, and in the end, Jiang Simei gave him an idea. He wanted him to use his Innate power to test the seed, to see if he could establish a connection with it or not.

Chen Xiang tried to carry it out for a while but to no avail. He then tried to bleed it out, but it was useless.

"You need a certain amount of time to use Spirit. You must be a little patient." Jiang Simei scoffed, "We can’t give up halfway, continue quickly!"

Chen Xiang could only continue, after trying for two days, he suddenly felt a subtle change.

Even though he couldn’t establish a connection with such a child, he had at least made a breakthrough.

Chen Xiang continued to release even stronger ’Exquisite’ divine powers. Not long later, the seed began to emit a strong light, the light that it released this time was completely different from the light it released previously!

The light this time was very strong, and it was gold colored. It stung Chen Xiang’s eyes, and this time, he was not frozen in place.

The Mouse Man that was previously frozen could now move as well.

"The seed has come out from the crevice." Chen Xiang could feel the seed moving, he was pleasantly surprised, and immediately reached out to grab it.

His worries were unnecessary. This miraculous seed no longer released that kind of light, it merely released a faint warmth, and laid on the palm of Chen Xiang’s hand.

"So it was to absorb my ’Spirit Power’, and acknowledge my power." Chen Xiang smiled slightly, then placed the seed into the You Yao Mountain Villa, letting them try to see if they could grow something out of it.

"This seed is very magical, let’s try and see if we can excavate the strange energy of this seed." Chen Xiang said.

The seed’s peculiar energy was enough to lock a person in place for some baffling reason. Even a strong Dragon Controlling Gods like Luo Junfeng was firmly rooted in place without being able to move.

Chen Xiang came out to lead the way, but the trees here were still full of life and vitality. Even though he had taken away the seed, it did not affect the trees here at all.

Chen Xiang came out of the cave, and arrived at a quiet place to release Chu Baocheng’s Dragon horse. Right now, he had to tame this Dragon horse, it was a very good mount.

Taming the Dragon horse was an extremely easy task for Chen Xiang. He had only caught two Blood devil shark and brought them up, allowing the two Dragon horse to eat their fill before the Dragon horse consciously pledged its allegiance to Chen Xiang.

After that, Chen Xiang caught many more Blood devil shark.

Chen Xiang allowed the Six Realms mirrors to become a huge net, and it was very easy for him to grab a large group of Blood devil shark. There were a few hundred of them, all being sealed by Feng Ke’er and reared in a lake in the You Yao Mountain Villa.

"Xiao Ke’er, it’s all up to you now." Chen Xiang said. Right now, he only needed to wait for Feng Ke’er to master the Space mantra and repair the broken Transmission array.

At this time, Chen Xiang was riding on a Dragon horse, happily jumping in the air, returning to the Heavenly Ao Empire.

He did not go directly to the Heavenly Proud Imperial Palace, but instead came to a city in the Heavenly Ao Empire to inquire about some things. As he expected, Zhou Zhengyang really did launch a fierce counterattack, taking down the entire group of King’s father-in-law.

"Poison woman, did you hear that?!" Chen Xiang was now walking on the road with He Fengyuan.

"Humph!" He Fengyuan was very unhappy. She was actually tricked by Zhou Zhengyang for such a long time.

"I’ll send you back to the palace!" Chen Xiang laughed.

"I’m not going back. If I go back now, Zhou Zhengyang will definitely kill me. What’s the point in going back?" He Fengyuan’s face was filled with anger. She had wanted to go back before, but Chen Xiang refused to give her back no matter what. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Now that her father changed, and Chen Xiang wanted to send her back, it was obvious that it was on purpose.

"If you’re not going back, then where are you going?" Chen Xiang grinned and said: "With your current strength, it’s extremely dangerous ... Furthermore, your looks are not bad. If you were to fall into the hands of some true bastards, hahaha ... "

He Fengyuan was immediately and violently enraged, and fiercely stepped on Chen Xiang, but with her strength, she simply could not step on Chen Xiang.

"You bastard, tell me honestly, what value do you think I have in your eyes?" He Fengyuan had always’ misunderstood ’her. "Are you going to make use of me to make fun of me?"

"Of course not, you have mastered some knowledge regarding medicinal pills. You seem to know quite a lot, and it is a pretty good tool for me!" Wait until I go to Tao-creation Place, you might be able to use it greatly. " Chen Xiang laughed.