Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

He Fengyuan suddenly felt a surge of Qi from her dantian, which he was unable to release. Chen Xiang had actually said that she was a tool! Even though she knew that Chen Xiang was using her, if she were to say it out loud, it was clear that he was going to anger her.

). More recent chapter access: ww.

"What? You’re not willing?" Chen Xiang laughed, then walked himself, and no longer paid any attention to He Fengyuan.

He Fengyuan stomped her feet fiercely, and quickly followed along. Since she had no one to rely on, she could only endure and wait for Chen Xiang, the demon, to recover.

"Are you really not going back to Imperial Palace? Zhou Zhengyang might let you go, you’re already a piece of trash. " Chen Xiang said.

"I won’t go back. You don’t know what’s going on between him and me." He Fengyuan said coldly.

"No matter what, you all already have children?" As Chen Xiang said this, he suddenly remembered that the child between them was already the Second Prince, and had already been killed by him.

Looking at Chen Xiang’s expression, He Fengyuan seemed to know what he was thinking. He sneered: "That Second Prince was stolen by me, and he wasn’t me and his child. He is also clear about this matter."

"The Second Prince is going to inherit the throne in the future. Is he going to ignore us like this?" Chen Xiang was very surprised.

"That’s why I always thought that Zhou Zhengyang was a coward. I feel that if you didn’t suddenly come out to cause trouble, I might be able to take over the Imperial Palace in the future. " As He Fengyuan talked about this matter, he fiercely glared at Chen Xiang. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Chen Xiang shook his head.

"The marriage between Zhou Zhengyang and I was mainly forced by my father. Originally, it was the mother of those five girls who wanted to become the empress, but because of my father’s strength, the Heavenly Proud Empress was my role." He Fengyuan said. ad)

"Alright, you guys really know how to play." At this moment, they had already left the city. Now he also understood why Zhou Zhengyang wanted him to kill He Fengyuan back then, since Zhou Zhengyang also hated him to the bones, but they were together now.

"How many medicinal pills did you inherit from your father?" Chen Xiang asked: "Is there any use in going to the Tao-creation Place?"

"Of course it’s useful. My father was able to refine a prideful divine rank pill, and there are many prideful divine rank pills in the Tao-creation Place. My knowledge will definitely help you, this little bastard." He Fengyuan also knew that Chen Xiang did not know much about high level pellets, but he was a Alchemist with great potential.

Chen Xiang let He Fengyuan enter the Six Realms mirrors, then he rode the Dragon horse and rushed to the Bloody Plains, arriving at Ox-Head Mountain, where he patiently waited for Feng Ke’er’s success.

Chen Xiang felt that he had nothing better to do, so he went to catch Blood devil shark s. Blood devil shark s could be said to be treasures, and his Divine Sense Sea World was very big.

"This Bloody Plains is really strong. It can give birth to so many Blood devil shark." Chen Xiang had already captured quite a few Blood devil shark, but there were still many of them here.

"When the Blood Mud Plains was very old, it contained a large amount of Tao-creation Holy stone s and sacred crystals, so this blood paste had a lot of energy. These Blood devil shark all evolved from Madness soul that woke up early, and later on they multiplied and ate a large number of Tao-creation Holy stone, only after a long time did they become so strong." He Fengyuan said.

"Oh right, why can’t I see any Madness soul here? Isn’t this the World Defying Stage Soul River of the fifth floor? " Chen Xiang asked.

"There are very few Madness soul on the fifth floor, and the World Defying Stage Soul River has long since dried up. Even if there are Madness soul s, they would hide very well and not be found that easily. He Fengyuan felt that he was very lucky to have obtained the Space holy soul, but his cultivation had been crippled by Chen Xiang.

The fifth floor’s World Defying Stage Soul River was already very high, and there were indeed very few World Defying Stage Fierce Soul.

After a few days, Feng Ke’er spent another seventy years inside the Triple time field, and had already successfully comprehended the third stage of Space mantra. Although there were not many nine Space mantra, it still took Feng Ke’er more than seven hundred years to master them.

Chen Xiang hurriedly returned to the Ox Head Mountain’s stone room.

Feng Ke’er came out from the You Yao Mountain Villa, held a piece of Crystal emperor and said: "I want to borrow Crystal emperor to repair it, it won’t take long."

Feng Ke’er used her mysterious golden needle to ’extract’ some powder from the Crystal emperor’s body. Then, she used her proud power to condense a Space mantra, merging the Crystal emperor powder into the body of the Crystal emperor. Finally, she covered the damaged parts of the Transmission array and perfectly fit the broken Tao-creation Incantation.

Feng Ke’er healed very quickly. In just three days, the Transmission array was repaired.

"It would be best to use fifteen Crystal emperor s!" Feng Ke’er said: "This time, we’ll need a bit more Crystal emperor, but to be stable."

"No problem." Chen Xiang took out fifteen pieces of Crystal emperor, and asked Feng Ke’er to place them. Originally, there weren’t many grooves where the Crystal emperor was placed, but Feng Ke’er was extremely knowledgeable about formations, and knew where it was placed so that it could be absorbed by the Transmission array.

Chen Xiang was extremely at ease with Feng Ke’er. Feng Ke’er was originally a spirit nurtured by the array formation, so he naturally had a very good grasp of these things! There were many spirit formations in the world, but it was not easy to produce a spirit. It was a very rare coincidence.

"Prepare yourself, you can activate the Transmission array! "Don’t be like last time, hehe ..." The last time Chen Xiang was here, he had met Zhou Zhiqin and the other two sisters.

Actually, it’s fine to do it again. Last time, I didn’t see anything. Chen Xiang laughed sinisterly.

However, he needed to prepare even more. If he were to be transported to a soul beast nest and encounter powerful soul beasts, then it would be very dangerous.

He took a few deep breaths, held onto the Six Realms mirrors, and activated the Transmission array.

He Fengyuan, who was inside the Six Realms mirrors, was also very nervous, because her current strength was extremely low and she was actually going to the Tao-creation Place. She too, did not know what her future was going to be like.

If the Dragon Controlling Palace knew that Chen Xiang had killed two Dragon Controlling Gods, he would definitely be hunted down. This was what He Fengyuan was more worried about.

The teleportation process came to an end very quickly.

He immediately concealed himself and then used the Dao heart Eye to observe his surroundings. He was surprised to discover that the situation here was extremely strange, there was originally a very strong flame energy, but it had been sealed up, and the flame was sealed with the power of ice!

"Whatever, let’s get out of here first!" Chen Xiang tried to use the power of space here. Although this place was already the Tao-creation Place, he had the Space holy soul and could break through the spatial laws here. It wouldn’t be as smooth as before.

After Chen Xiang teleported out, he arrived at a place of light. It was a world of ice and snow outside, but he didn’t expect that the place he was at just now, was actually inside the body of a gigantic beast.

"This Black Tortoise?" The Fire Xuan Wu Beast? " Chen Xiang was very surprised as he looked at the gigantic tortoise that had turned into an ice mountain.

...