Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang rarely saw any Black Tortoise Beast, and it was even a very unique one. Now that he had seen it, it was actually frozen and sealed!

What surprised him the most was that there was another Transmission array inside the body of the Fiery Xuanwu beast!

Because he had previously experienced it, when Chen Xiang was teleporting away, he was already prepared and had already guessed at many possibilities. However, he had never thought that the Transmission array would actually appear in the body of a sealed gigantic beast.

"This place is really cold. What kind of seal could have been placed on a Fiery Black Tortoise?" The place Chen Xiang was at right now seemed to be brewing a strong snowstorm.

"This is a super seal. It shouldn’t be limited to sealing the Fiery Black Tortoise. Rather, it should have sealed this region. Everything in this region has been frozen." Feng Ke’er said: "Quickly leave this area, if the next seal is released, you might be frozen too."

This scared Chen Xiang so much that he hurriedly summoned his Dragon horse and rode on it to fly up quickly.

"How big is this place?" Chen Xiang flew for less than an hour and the snowstorm was getting stronger and stronger.

Originally, he wanted the Dragon horse to fly according to his instructions, but he found out that the Dragon horse seemed to be more familiar with this place, so he let the Dragon horse fly based on his instincts.

"I don’t know, I’ll look through the memories of the two Dragon Controlling Gods s." Bai Youyou said: "They should know a bit."

Bai Youyou came to a conclusion very quickly, and said: "The place you are in is called Xue Feng Dian, it is extremely vast ... "I heard that the reason that Xue Feng’s land is sealed is because two formation masters left behind after a contest here!"

Two formation masters competing? Chen Xiang cursed in his heart. Making such a contest had almost killed him, he had to quickly leave this place.

"Sister You You You, how did the two Dragon Controlling Gods s previously go to the fifth floor? Was the Transmission array inside Ox-Head Mountain destroyed by them? " Chen Xiang asked.

"It was destroyed by them, but they didn’t go through the Transmission array, they went through the flight of the Dragon horse to get to the fifth floor!" Bai Youyou said.

Chen Xiang could only let the Dragon horse fly faster, otherwise, he would probably be frozen in place. The current Icy cold power was getting stronger and stronger.

A few days had passed and the Dragon horse finally flew out of the snow-covered land with Chen Xiang on its back. The Dragon horse was also quite cold and needed to rest for a while. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Fortunately, Chen Xiang had obtained two Dragon horse s, so he could use them for exchange.

"We have finally arrived at a normal place. This should be the Tao-creation Place, right?" Chen Xiang lied on top of a pile of rocks and looked at the dazzling sun in the sky.

"No, there are nine smaller ones in this sun!" Chen Xiang suddenly sat up. Upon closer inspection, he found that there were nine small fireballs behind the intense sunlight.

"The various auras in the Tao-creation Place did not increase by much either?" Chen Xiang secretly felt the Madness soul’s power, it was only a little stronger than when he was at the fifth floor.

"I’ve finally reached this place. I wonder if I can find the Super Yang Old Ancestor and Gu Tong." Chen Xiang thought back to how he had been here since passing the first floor of the World Defying Stage Soul River. The various things that had happened during this time were just like what happened yesterday.

Chen Xiang did not dare to ride his Dragon horse now, for fear that the Dragon Controlling Palace would find out. However, the speed at which he was riding on his Six Realms mirrors was about the same, and he could even make the Six Realms mirrors hide.

Six Realms mirrors flew at a low altitude on this piece of wasteland, and after flying for a while, they finally arrived at a green area.

Passing through the green area, Chen Xiang once again arrived at an ancient forest.

"Where is this place?!" I don’t know how much there is. " Chen Xiang came out from the Six Realms mirrors s, climbed up a large tree, and observed the environment inside.

Of course there were people in the Tao-creation Place, and the people here were all very strong.

"Poison woman, do you see any herbs here?" Chen Xiang asked He Fengyuan inside the Six Realms mirrors. From inside, He Fengyuan could see that there were a lot of flowers and plants under the forest.

"Neither!" Do you think that the precious high-level medicinal herbs will be like wild grass and flowers scattered all over the ground? " He Fengyuan said snappily: "If it’s a high level medicine, there must be something strange happening nearby."

Chen Xiang curled his lips, then jumped around the trees like a monkey, jumping between the big trees. He wanted to see if he could find any kind of medicinal ingredients, because he felt that there were not many people who had come to this forest.

"Senior sister, look! There’s a monkey over there! It’s quite big!" Suddenly, a child’s shout came from afar, the child pointed at Chen Xiang who was jumping up and down.

Chen Xiang heard this weak voice and almost fell down. He was once again mistaken for a monkey, he could not help but suspect life!

"Does laozi look like a monkey?" Chen Xiang stood on a tree branch and looked at the child in the distance. The child was about five or six years old, and was bald.

"Your whole family is monkeys!" Chen Xiang could not help but snort in a low voice. Then, he looked at the three people behind the child, two men and one woman. The two men were tall and handsome, the woman was tall and beautiful, and they were all wearing the same pale white robe.

This was because even the bald child was wearing a robe of the same style.

"I was wrong, that’s not a monkey, it’s a wild man!" The little baldy smiled and said, "Senior-apprentice Sister, I am going to capture him!"

"Wait, let us pass!" A man with sharp eyebrows pressed down on the baldy and then rushed over.

The other refined man who was holding onto this fan leaped up lightly and landed on a tree, then stepped on a tree branch and rushed towards Chen Xiang.

"I’m not a wild man!" Chen Xiang shouted from afar, then came to the ground. He really wanted to immediately go over and ruthlessly hit the little baldy.

Although Chen Xiang was not a barbaric being, the two men who rushed over were still cautious of him. However, they could sense that the World Defying holy soul in his body was only at the late stage, so they could be at ease.

Being surrounded by the two men, Chen Xiang also felt terrified in his heart. They were actually both from World Defying Stage Divine Rank, they were both figures that had surpassed the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage, they were even more powerful than those two Dragon Controlling Gods s.

Of course, this was the Tao-creation Place, it was definitely a place where the strong gathered! Super Yang Old Ancestor and Gu Tong had travelled a long distance to reach this place.

It was unknown what was going on with that beautiful and tall woman. She grabbed the little baldy and unexpectedly flew over. She could actually fly!

If Chen Xiang did not use the power of a dragon, he would not be able to fly.

"It really is one person!" The little baldy said with a bit of disappointment, slightly pouting his mouth.