Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"This forest was just planted by our Cang Soul Sect, why would there be people here?" The scholarly man frowned, and looked at Chen Xiang with suspicion.

"I got lost. and then came to this place. " Chen Xiang gave a silly smile and said: "Big brothers and big sisters, can you take me out of this place? This place is very big, I’m afraid! "

When the little baldy heard this, he laughed and said, "Such a big person, and he’s actually a coward. Are you ashamed?"

"I’m not shy. Quickly bring me away from here." Chen Xiang said again, and even pretended to be afraid.

"Just wait a moment and come with us!" The woman said.

The little baldy snorted, "How did this guy get here? I really don’t understand! "

The scholarly man chuckled. "It should be those poor people who came to this place in order to find medicinal herbs!"

"That’s right, those poor people all day long wanted to pick good medicinal herbs. Unfortunately, even if they picked good medicinal herbs, they wouldn’t be able to recognize it, and they wouldn’t even know how to make use of it." Another man mocked.

Chen Xiang felt it was weird, there were actually some poor people here, this was the Tao-creation Place, all the people here should be strong, even that little baldy should be at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage.

Although Chen Xiang was suspicious, he did not ask, but chose to follow behind them. Although the two men’s words were ear-piercing, Chen Xiang did not say anything.

Half a day later, they finally exited the forest. Chen Xiang never thought that this forest was grown by a sect, he didn’t know what their intentions were.

"If you go that way, you’ll see a town." The woman pointed in a direction.

"Thank you elder sister." Chen Xiang immediately said gratefully. Along the way, only this woman did not say anything about him. Even that little baldy occasionally ridiculed Chen Xiang.

This caused Chen Xiang to feel that these sect disciples seemed to have a feeling of superiority, especially that little baldy who actually felt that Chen Xiang’s strength wasn’t as strong as that wild monkey.

"You’re welcome." The woman smiled at Chen Xiang: "Don’t get lost again next time. If you accidentally enter some dangerous place, you won’t be that lucky."

"Yes, yes, yes!" Chen Xiang hurriedly nodded and said.

"Hmph, this kind of idiot can live that long, his luck is really good." The little baldy snorted softly.

"You are the fool." Chen Xiang finally could not take it anymore and said.

"How dare you scold me!" The little baldy was immediately enraged.

"Looks like you aren’t especially stupid. You know idiots are scolding people! If you can scold me, why can’t I scold you? " Chen Xiang said.

This little baldy looked to be only five or six years old, but Chen Xiang knew that his true age definitely wasn’t limited to just that.

"Senior Brother, quickly beat him up!" The little baldy shouted angrily.

Just as the two senior brothers were about to make their move, the woman lightly shouted, "You two have enough, go back!"

"I won’t reply, he scolded me, I must let him know my mistake." As the little baldy spoke, his body began to emit a faint golden light. He suddenly turned into a fifteen or sixteen year old youth; he was still bald.

Chen Xiang secretly despised him in his heart. He was clearly a young man, but he had actually turned into a little kid acting young and tender.

Although he was young, to be at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage at that age, he was still considered very powerful.

"Sorry, I shouldn’t have called you an idiot, because you already used that word to call me, I should have called you an idiot ... ..." You’re bald, like a fool. " After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he started laughing loudly.

"I will kill you!" The bald youth was immediately enraged as he thrust out his sword, but his sword was broken by the girl.

"Senior Sister, what are you doing? Didn’t you see this guy scold your junior brother? " The scholarly man said.

"Master told me that I can’t do anything once I leave the sect. You can do it if you want, but I’ll definitely report it to you when I get back." The woman said coldly.

Chen Xiang curled his lips, then turned and ran. He had already scolded the baldy until he was angry, so he had already achieved his goal.

"This guy, I will definitely teach him a lesson!" The bald youth angrily stomped his feet. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"You guys don’t have the right mindset. If you don’t change it now, you will definitely stir up some trouble in the future." With that, the woman flew off into the distance.

... ....

Chen Xiang had already arrived in a town. When he came to this place, he felt that it was on the fifth floor, because the overall strength of the people here was about the same as the people on the fifth floor.

"It seems like entering the World Defying Stage Divine Rank is not easy!" ~ We are still using Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals here for the trade, so Chen Xiang will not be too poor for the time being.

If he did not have enough Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, he could still sell the Crystal emperor.

"I wonder if Xuan Fei has come here yet?" Su Meiyao asked in a tender voice, "Really, that grandmother took Xuan Fei away just like that."

"Don’t worry, I will definitely find her." This Tao-creation Place was very big, it would not be easy to find Peng profoundfei’s whereabouts here.

Peng profoundfei was not famous, so it would be difficult to find out the whereabouts of the two of them, but Gu Tong and the Super Yang Old Ancestor were different.

"Gu Tong is a Master Refiner and is currently an elder of a sect. This sect’s name is Tao-creation School." Chen Xiang frowned and said: "This Tao-creation School sounds extremely powerful, I wonder if I can go there."

"However, the Super Yang Old Ancestor is different from Gu Tong. He is called Luo Jiuyang here and it is said that the nine little suns that appeared in the sun here are the masterpieces created by the Super Yang Old Ancestor.

From what Chen Xiang had heard, although there was no trace of Super Yang Old Ancestor, it was still not bad to know where Gu Tong was. Because Gu Tong and Super Yang Old Ancestor had come to this place together, there might be some connection between them.

"Looks like I have to go to the Tao-creation School."

After that, Chen Xiang started to inquire about the location of the Tao-creation School. After a little less than half a day of inquiry, he found out that the Tao-creation School was one of the ten great sects here, and the few disciples he met earlier were all from the Cang Soul Sect.

And Dragon Controlling Palace was one of the powers that stood side by side with the top ten sects. If the disciples of the top ten sects managed to cultivate and produce a dragon, the people of Dragon Controlling Palace wouldn’t dare to fight over it, and they would only dare to snatch the weak ones.

"This Dragon Controlling Palace is truly a very evil existence. I must kill them in the future." Chen Xiang already knew where the Tao-creation School was.

The sun here was normal, so they could use the sun to determine a direction. As long as they walked in that direction, they would be able to find the Tao-creation School by asking around on the way.