Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang rode on the Six Realms mirrors and hid himself to fly. He already had a direction, so he would not need to worry about not knowing how to go.

After flying for more than ten days, Chen Xiang finally arrived at a place near the Tao-creation School. This was an extremely chaotic area.

The earliest group of people were able to occupy a pretty good position here and build good shops and buildings! Of course, if one wasn’t powerful enough, they wouldn’t be able to defend the store and would be robbed at any moment.

The Tao-creation School would not care about the things here, so the order here was in chaos. It was just that no one dared to erupt into battle here, or else they would destroy the city.

Although large scale battles would not occur, there were quite a few small-scale battles. Just as Chen Xiang arrived at the most chaotic place on the outside, he saw a few headless corpses on the ground, all of them killed by people on the street.

"The people who did this were most likely all very strong ones. Or was it hired by someone else? " Chen Xiang looked at the corpses on the ground and frowned.

The Tao-creation Place was not as good as he had imagined. It was still a place where the strong preyed on the weak.

Here, people like Chen Xiang, who were in the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, were everywhere, with even more in the mid and early stages. As for people at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage, as long as they weren’t too lazy, they could live a good life.

Chen Xiang was walking in this messy area when he suddenly heard noise in front. He immediately looked over and saw five black figures appearing on the street, causing everyone to move out of the way.

They were all dressed in black, all of them in Peak of World Defying magic realm s. Their faces were covered, and the blades in their hands were dripping blood.

Just as Chen Xiang was wondering what the black-clothed men were doing, he saw one of the black-clothed men suddenly charge towards an old man who was holding a stall at the side of the street.

Chen Xiang really did not think that these black-clothed people would actually kill innocently in public. He also immediately realized that the reason these black-clothed people killed was because that old man had slightly opened his stall.

At this moment, many people were far away from the street. The people on the street were huddled up on both sides of the street. No one dared to walk on the street.

The middle of the street was quickly emptied, and only Chen Xiang was still standing in the middle of the street. He was stunned because of the elder who had been beheaded, and after coming back to his senses, he quickly rushed to the side of the elder.

The old man had lost too much blood and he was extremely weak. Chen Xiang took out a Blood shark fitness Dan and gave it to the old man to eat.

The Blood shark fitness Dan itself contained a very dense blood energy. After the old man ate it, his face immediately turned red, and everyone who saw this scene could not help but inwardly click their tongues, he had actually been saved!

Of course, everyone was worried about this matter because the five men in black had also witnessed it. Someone had actually saved the person they killed, so it was clear that they were provoking them.

The five men in black were all unreasonable. After they saw this scene, the two men in black immediately rushed over, slashing towards Chen Xiang and the old man’s necks with their sharp blades.

However, Chen Xiang was a little faster than them. Just as they brandished their blades, Chen Xiang had already taken out his sword, leaving behind only a rainbow of light as the necks of the two black clothed men fell to the ground.

Everyone was dumbstruck when they saw this. They were all locals, so they naturally knew what kind of existence these black-clothed people were. However, now, there was actually someone who dared to make a move against them.

The other three black-clothed men also saw it, but they did not attack immediately this time, because they could tell that Chen Xiang was very strong.

"You don’t know who we are?" A black-clothed man spoke up.

"I don’t know! "All I know is that I’ll kill whoever kills me." Chen Xiang said coldly: "Do you also want to kill me?"

"Alright!" After the man in black said this, he left with the other two men in black.

"Thank you, Young Noble!" The old man hastily expressed his gratitude. He had thought that he was doomed.

Just as Chen Xiang was helping the old man who was kneeling, a few extremely violent auras came from afar.

Chen Xiang immediately looked over, only to see eight huge elephants pulling a dazzling large carriage, slowly approaching.

"It’s a dragon elephant!" Chen Xiang stared at the dragon and elephant that were clad in golden armor. It was a combination of a dragon and elephant, just like the Dragon horse.

Chen Xiang also discovered that out of the eight dragon and elephant, six were riding on a black clothed man. Only two of them were not dressed in black, because the two black clothed men had their heads chopped off by Chen Xiang.

Of course, although their heads were chopped off, they could still be saved. Chen Xiang did not kill off their souls.

When the old man saw the eight giant dragon elephants pulling the carriage, his legs couldn’t help but shiver. Everyone looked at Chen Xiang, their eyes seemingly telling Chen Xiang, "You’ve gotten into big trouble!"

Chen Xiang was only shocked, he did not panic at all. He grabbed the old man’s trembling wrist and calmed him down a lot.

The eight dragon elephants came to a stop in front of the two men in black who had their heads separated from their bodies.

"But you killed them?" A cold female voice came from the carriage.

"Yes sir!" Chen Xiang sensed a bit more and found that there were a few traces of World Defying Stage Divine Rank inside, causing his heart to become serious.

"Why did you kill them?" The woman’s ice-cold voice came again.

"What’s wrong with them killing me and me retaliating to protect myself?" Chen Xiang replied.

"There is nothing wrong with that, but they are my subordinates. No matter if you are right or wrong, if you kill my subordinates, it means that you are going against me. I will kill you! If you have the strength, you can naturally counterattack again. " The woman sneered, "Are you prepared for a counterattack?"

"My strength is not as strong as yours, so I am naturally unable to retaliate!" "If you truly wish to kill me, please, before you begin, tell me your name. In the future, when I am prepared, I will definitely come and take your dog life." Chen Xiang said indifferently.

Hearing Chen Xiang’s words, everyone inhaled a deep breath of cold air, and many people quickly left the street. Chen Xiang also had the old man to quickly leave. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Looks like you really don’t know who I am!" The newborn calf is not afraid of the tiger, and the ignorant one is fearless. Are you prepared to die? " The woman’s ice-cold voice carried a trace of contempt.

"I won’t die, so why should I prepare?" Chen Xiang laughed coldly: "It doesn’t matter if you don’t tell me your name, you seem to be a famous person, I can definitely find out your name, so you should do it now!"

After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he fell into a period of silence, though he did not know why.

After a moment of silence, a woman in white wearing a mask walked down from the carriage and saved the two men in black who were lying on the ground. The two men in black rode the gigantic dragon elephant and continued to drive forward.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!

inclusion = " ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidccc; padding: 15px20px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {margin: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tMicrosoft Yahoo; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; mardin-bottom: 5px;}

Scan the left side of the 2-D code or copy the link below immediately to download the game, and start a new journey with the Dragon Brothers. Download link: The Dragon Sacrifice World waits for you to come and fight. You can take the ten thousand cash, signed by the author, etc. Newly registered users can participate in the event by sending a screenshot of the user to Feng Qingyang’s WeChat official account.