Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang watched as the carriage drove off, his heart filled with doubts. Those people did not attack him, nor did they say anything, and just left like that.

Seeing that car leaving, everyone sighed, but they did not dare come over, as they were afraid of Chen Xiang. Advertisement

Only the old man whom Chen Xiang saved earlier walked over and pulled Chen Xiang away from this place.

Chen Xiang followed the old man to a dilapidated house, which was the old man’s residence.

The old man’s name was Lu Zhiwei. Although he was at the middle stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, he was an existence in this place, which was why his days were not good.

"Little brother, you’re so brave. You don’t know the origins of those fellows, right?" Lu Zhiwei sighed as he poured a cup of water for Chen Xiang.

"I don’t know who they are, but I’m not afraid of them." Chen Xiang smiled slightly: "Elder Lu, just what is the background of those fellows? Why do you act so tyrannically, killing people on the street? "

"This is how it is in this place. As long as you have the strength, you can treat people’s lives like grass! For a weak old man like me, if my luck is bad, I will be mysteriously killed by those strong warriors. " Lu Zhiwei sighed helplessly.

Chen Xiang finished his cup of water and listened carefully.

"The giant chariot that was pulled by the eight dragons and elephants just now came from the Dragon-Elephant School, one of the top ten sects! Furthermore, the more Dragon Elephants one had, the more noble one’s identity would be. It was said that in the Dragon-Elephant School, the most noble person would own a Nine-headed Dragon Elephant, and just now, there were eight ... ... Therefore, the people in the carriage should be the more noble ones in Dragon-Elephant School. " Lu Zhiwei said, "I don’t know who the woman inside is."

"Dragon Elephant?" Compared to dragons, which one is stronger? " Chen Xiang was extremely curious about that dragon elephant. He felt that he might even be able to produce a dragon elephant because there was a very strong Ground-suppressing immortal elephant among his Six beasts.

"Let’s each have our own ups and downs!" The dragon and elephant are formed by the combination of a Dragon Madness soul and an Elephant Madness soul, and the disciples of the Dragon-Elephant School who cultivate their Dragon Elephant Divine Arts can also form a Dragon Elephant. " Lu Zhiwei said.

"Isn’t this the Tao-creation School’s? Why did the Dragon-Elephant School come here? Could it be that their relationship is not bad? " Chen Xiang came here to take a look at the Tao-creation School.

"Yes, the relationship between Dragon-Elephant School and himself is not bad." Lu Zhiwei said, "The two sects frequently contact each other."

"Elder Lu, which of the ten great sects do you think is the strongest?" Chen Xiang had inquired about it before, but there were many different opinions. Furthermore, the people did not understand much about the matters of the sects.

Although Lu Zhiwei’s cultivation was not very high, he had been here for many years. To be able to get a small, dilapidated house here was already not bad. He should be more familiar with the affairs of these large sects.

"Everyone has their own merits... However, if your strength is more outstanding, you should be Tao-creation School, because Tao-creation School is proficient in refining medicinal pellets, and has studied and mastered the control and nurturing of World Defying Stage Fierce Soul for many years. Lu Zhiwei said.

"Is there any way to join the Tao-creation School?" Chen Xiang asked: "I want to try and see if I can enter!"

"Little brother, with your strength, there shouldn’t be any problems, but ..." But when you go in, you need to be careful. " Lu Zhiwei had seen Chen Xiang’s style of doing things before.

"However, you had a grudge with that person just now. If Tao-creation School knew about this, I wouldn’t be clear about it." Lu Zhiwei added.

Chen Xiang was unconcerned about this matter: "Where are you going to register and enter the Tao-creation School? Should I take some sort of test? "

There are already a lot of disciples in the Tao-creation School, so the Tao-creation School does not want to recruit any more disciples. If you want to enter the Tao-creation School, you can only enter through the introduction of the elite disciples in the Tao-creation School ... Generally, only the Palace Main Disciples s have the qualifications to be introduced, and the Palace Main Disciples s are the people who have the qualifications to enter the main hall of the Tao-creation School, and it is said that in the entire Tao-creation School, only over a thousand disciples have the qualifications. " Lu Zhiwei said: "You just need to find a Palace Main Disciples and find a way to please him. Or show off your strength and have him recommend you."

"If your skill is not bad, the recommended person will also receive rewards, so you don’t need to worry about the Palace Main Disciples ignoring you."

Chen Xiang laughed: "This is quite a good method! Elder Lu, have you ever tried to enter the Tao-creation School before? "

Lu Zhiwei laughed self-deprecatingly: "Of course I tried. I even looked for over a dozen Palace Main Disciples s, but none of them were satisfied, so I didn’t succeed."

Chen Xiang thought back to the group of people he met earlier, the little baldy. They were all disciples of the Cang Soul Sect, and they were so young at that. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"Little brother, did you come up from below?" Lu Zhiwei said, "You don’t seem to know anything about this place!"

"Yes, I just arrived." Chen Xiang laughed.

"The people coming up from below are all good men, I heard that they are all very difficult, and we who were born here, compared to you, we lack experience." Lu Zhiwei suddenly felt deep veneration for Chen Xiang. He felt that Chen Xiang might be older than him.

Chen Xiang and Lu Zhiwei chatted until it was dark before they bid their farewells.

In the middle of the night, he arrived at a relatively neat street. The houses here weren’t shabby, but rather, a prosperous city. Even though it was late at night, there were still many people walking on the streets.

The Tao-creation School was not on the mountain, but seemed to be in the palace. There were many big and small halls within the Tao-creation School, and the main hall was located in the main hall. Only the disciples who entered the main hall would be considered the core disciples of the Tao-creation School.

If he wanted to enter the Tao-creation School, he would need to be recommended by the Palace Main Disciples. Chen Xiang felt that it would be very easy, but now he had to first find a Palace Main Disciples.

He had asked around before, but there was a tavern that looked like a villa in this area. It was called the Unparalleled Hotel, where disciples of the Tao-creation School would frequently come and go.

Chen Xiang came to the Supreme Hotel right now. He had the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal, so he could stay here like a lord.

Within the supreme hotel, the entire villa had nine hundred story buildings, and there were thousands of different sized houses. It was extremely spacious, as if it was a town.

With such a huge hotel and such a good spot for building mountains and rivers, it was obvious that the owner of this hotel was someone with great power. Otherwise, he would have been divided up by someone long ago.

As one of the top ten strongest sects, the disciples of the other sects, as well as the disciples of various families and influences, would often come to this place. One reason was to rope in outstanding talents, and the other reason was to do business with others.

Chen Xiang was wandering around the Villa, inquiring about the location of Tao-creation School s.