Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang reaped his rewards very quickly. As long as he gave some Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals to the people who were working here, they would easily ask him what he wanted to know.

"Those Dragon-Elephant School disciples are also here!" This was unexpected to Chen Xiang. He thought that the disciples of the Dragon-Elephant School would be in the Tao-creation School since they were guests.

"It might be a bit of a hassle to be recognized." Chen Xiang was currently considering whether he should change his appearance or not. Just now, he had heard that the disciples of the Dragon-Elephant School were in a place appraising some divine weapon.

Right now, Chen Xiang was heading towards the tall building where the Divine Arms Appreciation party was located.

Chen Xiang was stopped at the door, the Divine Weapon Congregation did not need any invitation, all it needed was to reveal its own Divine Weapon, if the guard thought that it was a good Divine Weapon, he would be allowed to enter.

Chen Xiang took out the Blood fire sword he had snatched from the Ancient Fire Divine Sect. It was refined using the Tao-creation s, and it was a very good divine weapon, even here.

"Very good!" When the guard saw Chen Xiang take out the Blood fire sword, his attitude immediately dropped by quite a bit, and his face was filled with respect and reverence. He knew that those who could take out such divine weapons were not ordinary people, and today, they had seen many of these people, all disciples of famous sects.

Chen Xiang easily entered the building. The Divine Weapon Appraisal Hall was divided into one to nine floors, and each floor was filled with Divine Weapons that were purported to be crafted by renowned smiths. The Divine Weapons on the first floor were of course of the worse quality, Chen Xiang could tell with a mere glance.

Then he came to the second level, and the same thing happened ... It was only on the seventh floor that the divine weapons here could barely be seen. This was because the divine weapons here were all refined using Crystal emperor s.

The previous floors were all densely packed with Divine Weapons. On the seventh floor, the distance between Divine Weapons and Divine Weapons was very far, because Divine Weapons of this level were beginning to be fewer in number.

Chen Xiang did not really care about Divine Weapons that were refined using Crystal emperor s, but these Divine Weapons all had a special purpose, which was to use the Tao-creation Incantation to refine them.

When he was on the eighth floor, he was still using the divine weapons refined by the Crystal emperor s. However, there were more divine weapons here, much more than on the seventh floor, where there were only seventy to eighty divine weapons. On the seventh floor, there were more than two hundred of them.

"Just based on the divine weapons on the eighth floor alone, I can live up to the name of the Divine Weapon Pavilion!" Chen Xiang looked at the divine weapons on the eighth floor. All the divine weapons here were made from at least ten Crystal emperor s, and all of them had been added with at least three Tao-creation’s incantations.

The divine weapons here made Chen Xiang feel that they were pretty good. Although Feng Ke’er was inside the You Yao Mountain Villa, when she saw them, she couldn’t help but praise them.

"It’s quite expensive, I think I’ll need dozens of Crystal emperor to buy it!" Chen Xiang said: Do you want to try one?

"It’s not something that’s been refined by the Tao-creation’s Holy stone. It’s something that’s been refined by the Crystal emperor. Long Xueyi said, she was extremely picky.

This building was called the Divine Arms Tower. Chen Xiang had only heard of it after entering, and up to here, he had not seen the Palace Main Disciples ...

"Could it be on the ninth floor?" If my guess is not wrong, all of the divine weapons at the ninth floor should have been refined using Tao-creation Holy stone. " Chen Xiang was also looking forward to it as he quickly walked up the stairs.

However, there was a black metal door at the top of the stairs. It was actually closed, and there was no one guarding the door.

"Ki, the top floor is the ninth floor, it won’t be that easy to get in. You need to get a divine weapon refined by the Tao-creation Holy stone first." An old man in charge of protecting the eighth floor said.

"What if there is such a godly weapon? How do I get in? " Chen Xiang asked.

"Just use this weapon to lightly touch the middle of the door." The old man said.

In the middle of the black door, there was a round green gem that was as big as a disk. Chen Xiang took out the Blood fire sword and lightly touched it.

The old man was startled, he did not know which sect or family Chen Xiang came from, to actually have a Divine Weapon refined by the Tao-creation Holy stone.

After Chen Xiang opened the door, he immediately walked in, and the door closed again.

There were quite a few people on this floor, all of them young people. There were about a dozen or so, and there weren’t many divine weapons here, only about thirty or so. They were all placed in transparent crystal display cabinets and protected by barriers.

Everyone could not help but be curious as they saw someone enter. They immediately looked over, but it was an unfamiliar face! Because in their circle, even if they had never seen this person before, they would have definitely heard of him. As for the dozens of people in their circle, none of them knew who this person was.

Chen Xiang only glanced indifferently at the people here, then walked over to take a look at the divine weapons. There were several women here, and he didn’t know which Dragon-Elephant School they were from.

What made people surprised the most was that Chen Xiang’s cultivation was only at the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage. One must know that the young people here all belonged to World Defying Stage Divine Rank! Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

A guy in the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage actually had a divine weapon refined by the Tao-creation’s Holy stone. Everyone could not help but doubt if Chen Xiang could save this kind of divine weapon.

"Brother, you look unfamiliar!" A purple clothed man walked over and said with a smile: "I am Tao-creation School’s disciple, Ding Yuhai, where is brother from?"

"I came up from the fifth floor of World Defying Stage Soul River." Chen Xiang answered truthfully before cupping his fists at the purple clothed man, "Chen Xiang!"

He actually came from the fifth floor of the World Defying Stage Soul River, but normally, he would be at least at the peak of the Aoshi Holy Stage from there, but this Chen Xiang in front of him, was only at the late stage!

"This is really not easy! I wonder if I can take a look at Brother Shen’s Divine Weapon. Since this is a Divine Weapon Congregation, I’m sure Brother Shen wouldn’t mind! " Ding Yuhai laughed.

Chen Xiang took out the Blood fire sword, and only a few people immediately surrounded and examined them. Chen Xiang did not expect that this group of people would actually like to look at other people’s divine weapons.

"Although the refining method is a little conservative, it can be seen that the Refiner has a very solid foundation."

"That’s right, this sword is also ancient, but Refiner has such a brilliant technique back then, I think he must be a famous expert!"

"Who refined it? With such a Refiner on the fifth floor, you should be here in the morning! "

"This technique seems like Luo Jiuyang, but it’s not. It seems to be imitating Luo Jiuyang’s technique." Ding Yuhai carefully observed and came out.

Chen Xiang couldn’t help but admire this group of fellows. They could actually see through so many things, this Blood fire sword belonged to Ancient Fire Divine Sect, and that Luo Jiuyang was a Super Yang Old Ancestor. Super Yang Old Ancestor came from Ancient Fire Divine Sect, so the methods of the Refiner inside were more or less the same.

"Brother, where did you get this sword?" Ding Yuhai was extremely curious, "The person who refined this divine sword must be related to Luo Jiuyang."

"I snatched him away. As for whether he was related to Luo Jiuyang, I don’t know." Chen Xiang said.