Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Everyone was startled, they had thought that Chen Xiang would spout continuously and that his spittle would fly all over the place due to the red godly sword’s origins, they never thought that Chen Xiang would be done for with just one sentence.

She stole it! You, a mere late stage Aoshi Holy Stage, can actually snatch such a good divine sword? Everyone’s faces were filled with disbelief!

"You ... How are you strong? Logically speaking, a person who possessed such a godly sword would definitely not be too weak. It would not be easy to snatch it away from. " Ding Yuhai asked again, which was what many people wanted to ask.

"I was lucky. That guy just happened to be injured. I got lucky." Chen Xiang laughed.

This was indeed possible, everyone could only praise Chen Xiang’s luck!

"Oh right, brother, you just came up from the fifth floor of World Defying Stage Soul River. How about coming to the Tao-creation School? "It’s near here." Ding Yuhai said.

A white clothed man laughed: "Ding Yuhai, he is only at the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, and you want to recommend him to enter the Tao-creation School? Aren’t you afraid of being blamed? I heard that your Tao-creation School s randomly recommended it, and would lose the qualifications to recommend it. Aren’t you being a little too hasty? "

Just now, Chen Xiang had quietly taken note of the few women here, and not a single one of them matched the aura of the Dragon-Elephant School.

Now that he saw that the woman wasn’t here, he felt more at ease.

"Old Ding, this kid only has a good godly sword, that doesn’t mean he has good aptitude. If his talent isn’t high, he won’t be able to grow up in the future. This will leave a bad reputation for you."

"That’s right! To be recommended, you have to at least have access to World Defying Stage Divine Rank s. "

Everyone were trying to persuade Ding Yuhai, but Chen Xiang was expressionless, and continued to look at the divine weapons. Ding Yuhai was also hesitating, and had this thought just now.

Chen Xiang could tell that these disciples of the sects all had quite a good position within their own sects. Their sects probably had the same recommendation as the Tao-creation School.

"Alright, it was just a momentary whim of mine. Brother Shen, please forgive me." Ding Yuhai was not bad, after thinking about it, he felt that changing his mind, would make him feel bad, so he apologized to Chen Xiang.

After all, Chen Xiang was just a late stage Aoshi Holy Stage. There was nothing to be afraid of if he were to offend them since they were all core disciples of the sect.

"It doesn’t matter." Chen Xiang smiled slightly.

The black door suddenly opened, and a faint fragrance wafted into the air. It was not a very rich fragrance, but it was able to drift all the way to this floor.

Chen Xiang smelled a faint fragrance and his heart trembled. He was sure that this woman was the woman sitting inside the Eight Dragons Elephant Carriage, because at that time, he had also smelled this fragrance.

"It’s Xiao Xianglin! I thought she wasn’t coming! " A silver-clothed man chuckled and said, "She’s always late!"

Xiao Xianglin was pretty much two heads shorter than Chen Xiang, but she was not soft at all.

She wore a simple and elegant purple dress, giving her a kind of noble yet serene beauty. She was graceful and elegant, and her seemingly delicate and exquisite appearance didn’t give off a very weak feeling. Instead, she possessed a faint sense of power that no one dared to look at.

"I was delayed because of something!"

Xiao Xianglin said, her phoenix eyes swept, and saw that there was a strange face, but looking carefully, the face was extremely familiar, and her mind couldn’t help but recall the man who stopped her carriage.

"There’s a new friend this time!" Xiao Xianglin recognized Chen Xiang, but Chen Xiang pretended to not know anything and continued to look at the divine weapons.

"He is not my friend! However, Old Ding’s friend, Old Ding was just about to introduce him to the Tao-creation School. Luckily we woke him up in time, otherwise, he would definitely regret it in the future. " A man said.

Xiao Xianglin smiled, it was a mysterious smile, everyone felt it was strange.

"Xiao Xianglin, did you bring any good divine weapons this time?"

"That’s right, we’re just waiting to see what you have."

"I didn’t bring them. Instead, I brought eight dragon elephants. Do you want to take a look?" Xiao Xianglin found Chen Xiang very interesting, and walked over: "Sir, can you take a look at your divine weapon?"

"No way!" Chen Xiang did not want to let her see, he knew that this time he failed to find the person who recommended him.

Everyone was startled, they did not give Xiao Xianglin face, but a few of the men were already furious.

"Brat, what are you pretending for? Isn’t it just because we don’t recommend you to enter the Tao-creation School? What are you putting on a show for? Do you really think that with a good Immortal Sword, it will be too late!? " A white clothed man said angrily.

"Exactly, this is the Ares-class Exhibition, so we should bring out the Ares-class weapon for everyone to appraise."

"He really deserves a beating. In any case, he came from the fifth floor of the World Defying Stage Soul River. It’s not a big deal to beat him up!"

"He’s probably here to try his luck, to see if he can be recommended to one of the top ten sects. It’s a pity that his cultivation base is too low, haha!"

Chen Xiang was not in a good mood, and laughed coldly: "You have all seen my divine weapon, but I have not seen yours. Why don’t you all show it to me! "Just now, someone was talking about appraising or appreciating it."

"Who do you think you are? Why should I show it to you? " Because Chen Xiang’s cultivation was low, he looked down upon Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang looked at Xiao Xianglin, and asked Xiao Xianglin: "Who do you think you are? Why should I show it to you? " Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Chen Xiang’s words had aroused the anger of the crowd, to actually treat Xiao Xianglin like that. However, the white clothed man’s face was extremely ugly, because Chen Xiang had borrowed his words from Xiao Xianglin, as if telling everyone that his words were directed at Xiao Xianglin.

"Brat, are you looking for a beating?" Do you really think we don’t dare to hit you? You just came from the fifth floor of World Defying Stage Soul River, but since you are able to come here, you should know the rules here. The man in white was enraged and his killing intent surged.

"Wait!" Xiao Xianglin didn’t mind what Chen Xiang had just said to her. She gave a bland laugh: "Since this is an audience for Divine Weapons, everyone should be peaceful."

"I’ve always been calm and collected. Instead, it was some people who were shouting and fighting. Before this, they even mocked and ridiculed me." Chen Xiang snorted: "I don’t think this place is a place to appraise Divine Weapons, but a place to appraise one’s arrogance."

"Who are you? It’s clear that you are too weak to enter our eyes! " The man in white refuted.

"I am weak, but do you dare to clash with my sword here? Let’s see whose divine weapon is stronger!" It’s just that the appraisal for Divine Weapons is too boring. If we were to meet face to face, this appraisal would be interesting. " Chen Xiang summoned his Heavenly magic sword.