Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The Blood fire sword that Chen Xiang had taken out before, was obviously good stuff, because it had a faint Tao-creation Holy stone aura, and the Heavenly magic sword that Chen Xiang had brought out now was completely pale golden. The people here could tell at a glance that this was something that had been refined using a large number of Crystal emperor.

The people here all agreed that no matter how many Crystal emperor s one used to refine the Divine Weapon, they would never be able to compare to a single Tao-creation. Chen Xiang did not take out the Blood fire sword and instead "..."

"Are you worried that your red godly sword will be damaged?" The white-clothed man sneered. "So what if it was against my previous strike? I’m not as afraid of things as you are. I’ll use my best divine sword to compete with you."

Xiao Xianglin frowned, and said: "The Divine Arms Exhibition should not be like this, all people here are people who cherish and cherish Divine Weapons, if Divine Weapons were to be destroyed, everyone would not be happy to see it."

"If that broken thing of his is destroyed, then so be it. I believe that everyone will be happy to see it." The man in white laughed, and took out a silver white sword, which he obviously refined with Tao-creation Holy stone.

Chen Xiang squinted his eyes, and laughed: "It’s a good sword, what a pity!"

"What’s a pity?" The man in white sneered, "Could it be that it’s a pity about that broken black sword of yours?"

Chen Xiang laughed without saying a word.

Xiao Xianglin felt that Chen Xiang had already recognised her, and the reason he had displayed such an attitude towards her just now was obviously because he was angry at what happened today. She felt that it was all because of her. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Brother, if you are unhappy because you cannot enter the Tao-creation School, then how about this, I will invite you to join our Dragon-Elephant School." Xiao Xianglin anxiously said. If they were to fight, no matter what, there would be conflicts today.

She was the one who initiated the Divine Arms Appraisal, she didn’t want to create such a situation.

Everyone was very surprised that Xiao Xianglin would do such a thing in order to pacify this matter. This was something incomprehensible to everyone, because in their eyes, Chen Xiang was only a guy who came from the fifth floor of the World Defying Stage Soul River, he was weak.

"Dragon-Elephant School? I’m not interested right now! My bad mood is not because I can’t enter the Tao-creation School, but it’s mainly because some people are going too far and are looking down on others. " Chen Xiang said: "I already can’t endure it any longer, since he looks down on me, I would like to see what capabilities he has."

"Fine, all of you can only fight against one. If you dare to attack for the second time, don’t blame me for being ruthless. This Divine Weapon Pavilion was built by me, so I have the right to invite you to leave." Xiao Xianglin said.

Since the Divine Weapon Tower was actually built by Xiao Xianglin, then this Unparalleled Hotel should also be related to her. There might be Dragon-Elephant School behind the scenes, no wonder she could take down so many of them.

Everyone immediately stepped back, leaving an open space in the middle for Chen Xiang to compete with the white robed man.

If Chen Xiang only used Heavenly magic sword, he would definitely not be able to compare to his opponent’s silver white divine sword, and the most powerful part of his Heavenly magic sword, was its ability to fuse with Six Realms mirrors at any time.

"Also, you cannot use the power of the world to fight. This place will be damaged. If I sense that you are using the power of the world, don’t blame me for being ruthless." Xiao Xianglin anxiously warned.

Chen Xiang and the white clothed man heard what Xiao Xianglin said, they had to listen to him anyway.

"I understand. Let’s begin!" Xiao Xianglin shouted: "I will shout three times, one, two, three, begin!"

From the very beginning, Chen Xiang and the white clothed man had both immediately taken three steps. When they were wasting each step, they released all the energy in their bodies, and Chen Xiang was one more step ahead of the white clothed man, instantly integrating the Six Realms mirrors into the Heavenly magic sword.

The two of them were both experts, and the strength in their bodies was able to smoothly match up with the two of them in an instant. It allowed them to unleash the strongest power when they brandished their swords.

They could only use the power from their physical bodies. However, they were extremely frightening. When they brandished their swords, the whistling sound that could cause one’s heart to tremble was extremely shocking.

The most inconceivable thing was that just now, Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword had undergone a huge change and directly became like bronze, and this type of divine tool, there was only one person who was an expert in refining, and that was Gu Tong!

However, no one had ever known that Gu Tong could refine this kind of Divine Weapon that understood the meaning of "transformation". Although they couldn’t be sure if it was actually Gu Tong who refined it, after seeing the Heavenly magic sword’s transformation, with the aura of a Tao-creation Holy stone, they felt that it was extremely powerful.

The most shocked was of course, the white clothed man, because he felt that Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword was just a Crystal emperor, no matter how powerful they were, they would be unable to contend against his divine sword.

If it was the divine weapon refined by the Tao-creation Holy stone, even if it wasn’t as strong as his divine sword, under such a clash, it would definitely be injured, and even if he won, he would definitely suffer a loss.

In the instant that the electric sparks sparked, the two gods violently clashed, causing a flash of light to burst out, releasing a gale like force!

The sound of metal clanging rang out, causing the hearts of the crowd to jump. This sound meant that a divine weapon had been damaged.

The damaged godly weapon was actually the white-clothed man’s. It wasn’t broken, but shattered!

It was extremely rare for a Tao-creation Holy stone’s divine weapon to be broken like that. Previously, everyone thought that just a crack would be enough to shatter the weapon, but they never expected it to shatter into pieces.

"You are so arrogant. It would seem that you are only mediocre now. I only know that someone as arrogant as you would not have much ability. You are only good at speaking." Chen Xiang held onto the Heavenly magic sword tightly, there was a hole in it, and some were even damaged.

With such a good sword being damaged, Chen Xiang did not seem to be pained at all. He kept the sword. Others might not know, but he was clear that there was a type of self-repairing power within the various Tao-creation Incantation in the Six Realms mirrors.

If he uses Blood fire sword, it might be broken!

The fusion of Heavenly magic sword and Six Realms mirrors was his strongest divine weapon.

The man in white was trembling with anger. His best godly sword had ended up like this, as it was given to him by the sect. He had to give it to the sect every now and then for inspection.

"You ... "You ..." The white clothed man looked at Chen Xiang angrily, his entire body’s Qi boiling, his killing intent soaring to the skies. He wanted to kill Chen Xiang immediately, but when he saw Xiao Xianglin’s cold gaze, he could only endure.

"You lost!" Chen Xiang smiled faintly, and the rage that the white-clothed man had just suppressed once again ignited.

"I will kill you!" The man in white finished his sentence, picked up the broken pieces of the floor, and rushed towards the door with a howl.

"You only speak!" Chen Xiang sneered as he watched the white clothed man leave.