Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Xiao Xianglin naturally knew the man in white. She had seen Chen Xiang’s personality before, so in this situation, she could only sigh faintly.

"Are you really not going to consider joining the Dragon-Elephant School?" Xiao Xianglin said: "There is no need to hang yourself in Tao-creation School, our Dragon-Elephant School is also very strong!"

Ding Yuhai had given up inviting Chen Xiang just now, but now, he regretted it a little. Everyone could see that Chen Xiang was not a common person, although his cultivation was a little low, but if he were to raise his cultivation level in the future, combined with the divine weapons he had at his disposal, his future would still be pretty good.

"Alright, I’ll join!" Chen Xiang thought about it, then nodded his head and agreed.

He felt that even if he entered the Tao-creation School, he would not be able to see Gu Tong in a while. If he wanted to meet a strong Ranker like Gu Tong, he would need to have a certain amount of strength, and the conditions to enter the Tao-creation School seemed to be extremely strict.

Ding Yuhai came to Chen Xiang’s side, patted Chen Xiang’s shoulders and said: "Dragon-Elephant School is indeed not bad, and is also quite strong, but our Tao-creation School you should understand, moreover you are currently near Tao-creation School!"

"Ding Yuhai, you can’t do this, just now, you decided not to invite him, but now that he has agreed to come to our Dragon-Elephant School, why did you jump out again?" Xiao Xianglin laughed: "Are you planning to go against me?"

Ding Yuhai chuckled: "I didn’t say for Chen Xiang to come, I just wanted him to consider more."

Just a while ago, there were many people who looked down upon Chen Xiang, but when they saw that Chen Xiang alone had obtained two divine weapons refined by the Tao-creation Holy stone, they suddenly felt that Chen Xiang was not bad, if they could recommend him to their own sect, that would definitely be a good thing, as this could increase their sect’s overall strength, they regretted.

"Something unpleasant happened today. Let’s leave the Divine Weapon Congregation to this." Xiao Xianglin sighed, and then said to Chen Xiang: "Follow me!"

Chen Xiang followed Xiao Xianglin out of the tower and up to the highest floor of the Divine Arms Tower. They stood on a grandstand, and could see the entire Supreme Hotel.

"You must be the arrogant woman in the Dragon Elephant Chariot!" Chen Xiang asked: "Why did you invite me to your Dragon-Elephant School?"

"That’s right, I’m that arrogant woman!" Xiao Xianglin lightly snorted, "Then why did you still join our Dragon-Elephant School when you knew I was such an arrogant woman? There is such an arrogant person in Dragon-Elephant School, Dragon-Elephant School must be very arrogant, you shouldn’t like it! "

"That’s because I like to teach arrogant people a lesson, that’s why I decided to join the Dragon-Elephant School, and teach them a good lesson." Chen Xiang walked to a chair and sat down.

Xiao Xianglin said: "This world is a place where the strong preys on the weak. How much can you save?"

Chen Xiang smiled slightly: "I won’t be able to save much, but I have to save him when I see him! If I was strong enough, you would probably be dead by now. "

"So you’re a good person?" Xiao Xianglin sat opposite to Chen Xiang, her beautiful eyes staring fixedly at him.

"Not really. If there is a chance, I will show you my bad side." Chen Xiang snickered.

Xiao Xianglin did not quite understand, but after thinking carefully, she suddenly let out a cold snort.

"Can you show me that godly weapon of yours? You still have a divine sword that I want to see. " Xiao Xianglin was indeed a person who liked Divine Weapons, to think that he would still be concerned about this matter.

"I’m not giving it to you, I’m worried that you will take it away!" You are a very tyrannical woman, and I do not trust you for you to let your subordinates kill the innocent. " Chen Xiang still remembered this matter.

"Those people can’t be considered my subordinates. They were merely ordered to protect me." Xiao Xianglin gritted his teeth: "If I had really killed so many innocent people, you would probably be dead by now."

"Not necessarily!" Chen Xiang said.

"They’re all going to do it, but I won’t allow it." Xiao Xianglin said.

"Even if they add a few of the women in your car, they might not be able to kill me." Chen Xiang said very confidently.

"Good!" I apologize here. I will send someone to find the old man and give him some things as compensation for my mistake. " Xiao Xianglin was also not an arrogant woman.

Chen Xiang thought about it, and felt that this was not bad, "That’s not bad."

"Now, can you show me your Divine Weapon?" Xiao Xianglin revealed a smile.

"Why do you like Divine Weapons so much?" Chen Xiang was very suspicious about this. He took out his own Blood fire sword and threw it over to Xiao Xianglin.

After Xiao Xianglin received it, he carefully examined it. She quickly came to the conclusion that this method was very similar to Luo Jiuyang’s method, and it was the same as what Ding Yuhai had said before.

"Just like how you guys like beautiful women who don’t wear clothes. I just like them and have no reason to." Xiao Xianglin’s words made Chen Xiang nod his head. This kind of thing really has no reason, it’s just an instinct.

"In that case, let me show you my divine sword. In that case, won’t you be showing me something that I like to see?" Chen Xiang laughed sinisterly: "For example, a beautiful woman without clothes!"

"You still have a divine sword? It’s the one you compared your sword with! " Xiao Xianglin said.

Chen Xiang threw the Heavenly magic sword over. It was still merging with the Six Realms mirrors, and the current state of the sword was extremely strange, after Xiao Xianglin received it from him, she was a little excited. She looked at it carefully, and touched it repeatedly.

"What is going on with this sword? I have heard of this divine weapon before, but this is only a divine weapon that Master Gu Tong had thought of before. Even though its style looks like it belongs to Master Gu Tong, it isn’t. Xiao Xianglin was extremely curious as he looked at Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang drank his tea and did not tell her his plans.

Xiao Xianglin clapped his hands, a door opened, and two tall women walked out. The two women’s faces were extremely beautiful, soft and charming, with some similarities, they should be a pair of sisters.

The two women were only wearing a thin layer of muslin, but when she walked out, she took off the muslin.

Not only were they beautiful, they also had the best figures and were impeccable. Most importantly, these two women were very strong, both of them belonged to the World Defying Stage Divine Rank!

Chen Xiang could feel a familiar aura from her body. This was the woman who was with Xiao Xianglin in the carriage, she was actually Xiao Xianglin’s female slave, and to have such a strong female slave, it could be seen that Xiao Xianglin was definitely not an ordinary disciple of the Dragon-Elephant School.

"How is it? They’re perfect! It is publicly acknowledged that she is prettier than me, taller than me, and better built than me. " Xiao Xianglin laughed complacently: "I’m the only one who has seen them before! You were the first man to see them. Do you feel very accomplished? " Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Chen Xiang only drank his tea, admired it, and laughed: "They are considered average!"

His words made Xiao Xianglin frown, and the two female slaves were also unconvinced. It was fine if the woman said that, because she might be jealous, but a man said the same thing, which made them extremely unhappy.