Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang looked at Xiao Xianglin, he did not expect this Xiao Xianglin to actually know how to refine artifacts, and he did not know what her level was.

"Luo Jiuyang’s refining level is higher than Gu Tong’s?" Previously, when Chen Xiang was in Ancient Fire Divine Sect, he knew that Gu Tong’s refining skills were the best.

"Of course, it’s just that Luo Jiuyang’s temper is much stranger than Gu Tong’s! Gu Tong was still obediently staying in the Tao-creation School, but Luo Jiuyang had always appeared and disappeared mysteriously. The last time he had appeared was a hundred years ago. I wonder when he will appear again. " Xiang’er said: "How in the world did you get your sword?"

Chen Xiang laughed: "I snatched this sword, when that guy fought with me, he hit me, and I stole his sword."

The situation at that time was indeed like that, but it was not as easy as Chen Xiang had said.

"I don’t believe it!" Xiang’er scoffed.

"Believe it or not." Chen Xiang drank his tea and asked: "Is your elder sister’s refining skill very good?"

Xiao Xianglin was very serious in his research and did not pay attention to Chen Xiang at all. Her current serious expression made Chen Xiang feel very familiar with her, because Xue Xianxian, Liu Meng’er, and the other girls who specialized in artifact forging were also like this.

"Big Sister’s refining skills are considered not bad among her peers in the Dragon-Elephant School. She can refine Tao-creation’s divine tools." Yu’er said.

The Tao-creation Divine Equipment was refined by the Tao-creation Holy stone joined in! And for good Tao-creation Divine Equipment, a large number of Tao-creation Incantation would be added.

"Your divine sword is a bit strange." Xiao Xianglin finally spoke.

"Where is it weird?" Chen Xiang had never used Blood fire sword before either.

"There is no Tao-creation Incantation! The person who created this godly sword, his level was not bad. He should have grasped a lot of Tao-creation’s incantations, but did not join in. Xiao Xianglin said: "If I add you into the Tao-creation’s incantation, you might be able to become a high rank Tao-creation’s Divine Weapon, and right now, it is only a middle rank weapon."

The person who refined the Blood fire sword was inside the Ancient Fire Divine Sect. Naturally, he did not grasp the Tao-creation’s incantation. This place was the Tao-creation Place, and there were many people who could control the Tao-creation’s incantations.

Chen Xiang didn’t know what kind of situation the people here were in after they mastered the Tao-creation’s incantation, or if they were in the same situation as him.

"Right, big sister Xiao, how many Tao-creation’s incantations have you mastered?" Chen Xiang had only grasped a portion of the second layer of the Tao-creation’s incantation.

"A total of more than thirty!" Xiao Xianglin said.

"More than thirty? Which ones are they? " Chen Xiang also didn’t know if the Tao-creation’s incantations were the same as the ones he had learnt before.

Xiao Xianglin took out a piece of paper and quickly drew out the Tao-creation Incantation on it. After looking carefully, Chen Xiang realised that the Tao-creation Incantation was extremely messy, and did not seem to be in an orderly fashion like the ones he had learnt from the Six Realms mirrors.

"These nine are elemental incantations, Increase spell." Xiao Xianglin drew out two sets of incantations on the paper. These incantations were all familiar to Chen Xiang, and maybe the most basic Tao-creation incantations, so it was easy to understand.

Chen Xiang felt that something was strange, Xiao Xianglin did not have control over the Space mantra.

"Then these three are Flying mantra, and these three are the sound wave incantations ..." Xiao Xianglin drew out all of these incantations.

Chen Xiang had only just found out that there was actually a Flying mantra among the Tao-creation’s incantation. According to the groups that he had learnt, the Flying mantra was the fourth layer of the incantation, a total of nine.

"Truly powerful, I only understand the Elemental Incantation and a few Increase spell." Chen Xiang was sincerely praising her.

"Oh? You actually know all the elemental incantations, that’s pretty good! " Xiao Xianglin was a little surprised. She thought that Chen Xiang did not understand: "With your level, you can already start learning Artifact Forging."

"Refining... I’m not good at it, but I know how to concoct pills. " Chen Xiang laughed, he could only refine ordinary pills.

Chen Xiang took out three Blood shark fitness Dan s, "This should be the best pellet that I can concoct now, try and see what level you can all reach!"

"You actually know how to concoct pills!" Xiao Xianglin felt that it was unbelievable, because in her eyes, refining pills was much more difficult than smithing. She had mixed and compressed all sorts of medicinal ingredients perfectly, making this process very difficult to control. She had tried it before, but she felt that it was too difficult.

"Is your pill reliable?" "What pill is it!" Xiang’er asked worriedly when he saw Chen Xiang pass over the red pellets.

"To tell you the truth, this is like a wolf and tiger pill. After you eat it, your lust will skyrocket and you will be like a wolf and tiger demanding it from me." Chen Xiang laughed.

Xiang’er and Yu’er rolled their eyes at Chen Xiang and snorted softly. They obviously didn’t believe Chen Xiang’s words, but they were still a bit worried.

Xiao Xianglin only sniffed the pellet, and then ate it.

"Big Sister, why are you eating randomly!" Seeing Xiao Xianglin eating it, Xiang’er was very worried.

"If I have any reaction, you can take him down, he’s not your opponent yet." Xiao Xianglin was not worried at all, and said while smiling lightly.

Xiao Xianglin could feel that this pellet already brought about a very dense blood Qi, it was a special ability that only the Holy stone of Tao-creation possessed. Although it was very weak, it still made her feel very surprised. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

"This pill should be considered a high-grade earth-step ’Primeval Pill’!" Xiao Xianglin said in shock: "How exactly did you refine it? There is a trace of the Tao-creation’s Holy stone’s power contained within, did you add something that has been soaked in the Tao-creation’s Holy stone?"

After Xiang’er and Yu’er heard it, they immediately ate it. They also wanted to feel if this pill was as miraculous as Xiao Xianglin said it was.

Although they were female slaves, they were not weak. They were all in World Defying Stage Divine Rank and had a good understanding of cultivation, so they naturally knew what the benefits of this pellet were.

"I refined it with a type of beast blood!" This kind of soul beast will evolve and produce this kind of blood because it has been eating Tao-creation Holy stone all year round. " Chen Xiang said, "Above the Divine level, what other pills are there?"

"Above it is the Tao-creation Divine Pellet. We need to add some strange Tao-creation’s incantations to improve the quality of the pellet." Xiao Xianglin said: "This kind of pellet, if you can join a ninth stage Increase spell, you might be able to become a low grade Tao-creation Divine Pellet ... I don’t know the specifics either. "

Increase spell s could increase the quality of pills by nine times, and Increase spell s of the ninth step could indeed be very powerful.

"In that case, can I sell this pill for a good price?" Chen Xiang was just casually asking, he was not lacking Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, he was only lacking Tao-creation Holy stone s.

"How can you sell these pills?" It’s good to keep it and eat it yourself! " Xiang’er anxiously asked.

"Chen Xiang, after you go to Dragon-Elephant School, don’t tell anyone that you know how to refine pills, understand?" Xiao Xianglin warned with a serious face.