A Rare Smile

Translated By - Ash

Edited By - Fingerfox

Su Meiyao didn’t come out, but Chen Xiang obtained one very crucial information — Bai Youyou and Su Meiyao were someone who had experienced the Great Battle of the three Realms a hundred thousand years back, in other words, their strength was very terrifying, far more than he had imagined.

Chen Xiang was not stupid, after some line of thinking, very soon he was able to deduce that the person who lured Bai Youyou and Su Meiyao to the Immortal and Devil Cliff was very likely the same woman who had murdered Bai Youyou’s mother!

However, for the sake of some blood pact, that woman had not killed Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou. She just stripped off their clothes, took their everything and injured them heavily!

"Don’t think too much, you’re currently facing the fast approaching great catastrophe, it’s nothing you can joke about, you need to focus on that!" Su Meiyao let out a light sigh.

Bai Youyou and Bai Ziqian, the two hugged for a long time, also cried enough in their lifetime. They both looked at Chen Xiang with a gratified look in their eyes.

"Don’t worry, Sister Youyou is my benefactor, if not for her I won’t be standing here!" Chen Xiang waved his hand and said.

"Elder sister, what are you planning to do next?" Bai Youyou asked.

"I’ll go back, the Great Battle of the Three Realms is about to start! I’ve been sealed for a hundred thousand years, I must restore my strength as soon as I go back. I’ve missed last time, this time I’m not going to miss it again! I will not let those Demon Domain guys go." Bai Ziqian ruthlessly said.

Imprisoned for a hundred thousand years! Chen Xiang reckoned that when the Suppressing Devil Divine Exercise fell to the Mortal World, she was suppressed here.

"Sister Ziqian, who imprisoned you down here? When I learned the Suppressing Devil Divine Exercise, it reminded me to break the obelisk, and that’s why you were able to come out." Chen Xiang could not help but stare at Bai Ziqian’s chest which not too long ago had been ruthlessly kneaded by him.

Thinking of this point, Bai Youyou suddenly shimmered in anger. However, she knew Chen Xiang was not a bad guy, and he was also her benefactor. It was all because of him that she and her younger sister were able to break past that one barrier in their relationship, leading them to finally accept each other!

"I don’t know who that guy was, I only know that the Suppressing Devil Divine Exercise originated from his hands. And as I was defeated by someone who had the Suppressing Devil Divine Exercise once, I sought him out to discuss the Suppressing Devil Divine Exercise, I wanted to know why in the bloody hell did I lose!" When Bai Ziqian spoke till here, her whole face was red in anger, yet the look in her eyes was completely opposite, there was a sliver of fear in them.

"Using just one finger, that guy had defeated me, and so I agreed to be sealed inside the giant obelisk and was imprisoned until today!"

Bai Ziqian suffered defeat under a finger, the owner of that finger was terrifying indeed, even Long Xueyi was feeling surprised.

"Someone’s here, it’s the double-headed worm." Long Xueyi said with disgust.

Chen Xiang hastily told Bai Ziqian, "The Double-Headed Snake Demon is coming. We have created no small commotion earlier, this guy must be coming here because of that."

"Double-headed Snake Demon? I’ll take care of it. After I’ve dealt with it, I’ll take my leave!" Bai Ziqian indifferently said.

seeing such confidence coming from Bai Ziqian, Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief, "Sister Ziqian, not only are you beautiful, you are also so formidable. Thank you for your help!"

Bai Ziqian harrumphed lightly, but Chen Xiang’s compliments had put him in her good grace. At least in her opinion, Chen Xiang was the first person to compliment her. Generally, others upon seeing her, they would either avoid her like a plague, or attack brutally, and if not then they would not dare to raise their head, not to mention speak anything to her.

Now she knew why Bai Youyou placed all her hopes on Chen Xiang because she even thought that Chen Xiang had a strange kind of charisma which was totally unlike anyone else.

"Sister Ziqian, where are you going? How about you stay here for a couple of days?" Chen Xiang walked over to Bai Ziqian and took Bai Ziqian’s jade-like hand and said while shaking her hand, "Please stay a few days to accompany Sister Youyou!"

"No, my time is very tight! If I’m not wrong, that Su surnamed seductress is certainly beside her, they are totally inseparable." Bai Ziqian firmly declined as she threw Chen Xiang’s hands away. She had a strange kind of feeling; she did not expect that a man would actually take the initiative to pull her hand.

Chen Xiang was very curious why Su Meiyao did not come out to meet an old friend. Surprisingly, she nested inside the ring.

Bai Ziqian was indeed in a hurry. She lightly waved her hand as a giant cave appeared before her yet it didn’t produce the slightest of vibration or even an iota of broken stones. Chen Xiang was stupefied by her strength, he reckoned that such a feat would be impossible for Gu Dongchen.

As the giant cave opened wide, Chen Xiang and the others could see the group of half-human-half-beast creatures outside. Bai Ziqian on seeing this slightly frowned, "The Demon Domain creatures are so ugly, go to hell!"

While speaking, her cold and empty voice sound burst out with sonic waves one after another which shook the air as they rippled through the cave up to the other end.

Chen Xiang felt as if the space in front of him was distorting. Those countless of evil demons were smashed to pieces under those space ripples, they didn’t even have the chance to let out a final cry before they die.

It only lasted an instant, yet the Evil Demons in front had been wiped out by Bai Ziqian. Chen Xiang’s jaw dropped, this scared the hell out of Chen Xiang, his hands involuntarily seized Bai Youyou’s jade-like hand; he was utterly terrified.

Only the Double-Headed Snake Demon remained standing in front, his two hideous heads were brimming with fear, his whole body was laden with wounds. Although he had survived, his big body had been torn by that power.

Bai Ziqian seeing the dreading appearance of Chen Xiang felt very happy. In a flash, her figure disappeared and reappeared behind the Double-Headed Snake Demon. Her pair of jade-like palm burst out with a Purple Qi which completely wrapped her palms as she struck towards its two heads. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

After her pair of palms landed on the two heads, purple blood suddenly overflowed, at the same time, Bai Ziqian flung her purple hook as it penetrated the Double-Headed Snake Demon’s chest.

Seeing the Double-Headed Snake Demon suddenly lying on the ground while letting out heartbreaking shrills, everyone had goosebumps.

"My poison is still useful!" Bai Ziqian proved that she still had poison on her hook, thereby, she smacked a palm against the Double-Headed Snake Demon as it blasted into nothing, not even a dreg remained.

The Double-Headed Snake Demon was at least in the Nirvana Realm, yet he was so easily killed by Bai Ziqian.This kind of departure was very daunting to Chen Xiang.

"Sister Youyou, your elder sister is very powerful!"

Chen Xiang let go of Bai Youyou’s hands, which made Bai Youyou coldly snort. Glancing at the redness that was left on her jade-like hands due to being tightly grabbed by Chen Xiang, she snorted and said, "Truly useless, this is just the tip of the iceberg.

With a flash, Bai Ziqian arrived beside Bai Youyou and coldly looked at Chen Xiang, "If you dare to bully my sister, I will certainly peel your skin!"

After she finished threatening Chen Xiang, Bai Ziqian warmly looked at Bai Youyou and hugged her before gently speaking, "Younger sister, elder sister has to leave now. If I stay here for a long time, my power will be restricted and my strength will also decline. I am afraid that we will only see each other during the Great Battle of the Three Realms, please forgive me because I can not stay here with you!"

Bai Youyou said in a gentle tone, "Sister, it doesn’t matter, I have a friend with me here. All my life, I am truly happy now. I now realized what’s the meaning of life, you don’t need to worry about me!"

Bai Youyou glanced at Chen Xiang and smiled, she showed a beautiful smile. Chen Xiang thought that the best thing he had obtained during this trip was that smile. It was a kind of smile which was full of passion for the future and ardent love for life!

Chen Xiang felt that Bai Youyou didn’t need to disperse the Ruthless Devil Exercise because currently the seven emotions and six desires were now completely engraved on her soul.

Chen Xiang also smiled to her, it was a very jovial smile coming right from the heart. Su Meiyao and Long Xueyi also smiled similarly.