Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

He could not reveal that he knew how to refine pills, which puzzled Chen Xiang. Pill refining should be a good technique here, but why not?

"Why?" Chen Xiang asked: "If Dragon-Elephant School knew that I know how to refine pills, he might give me a better treatment."

"The treatment may be good, but there are also some bad aspects. That is, they might close your eyes to refine pills, hindering your cultivation." Xiao Xianglin said: "This kind of thing has happened before. A middle stage World Defying Stage Divine Rank cultivator was forced to continuously refine pills day and night."

"There’s such a thing!" Chen Xiang looked at Xiang’er and Yu’er, and they all nodded.

"But it did not happen in the Dragon-Elephant School, but in the Cang Soul Sect ... In the end, it was said that the Alchemist could not take it any longer and found a good opportunity to self-destruct, killing a large group of good seedlings from the Cang Soul Sect and causing great losses for the Cang Soul Sect. "

Hearing Xiao Xianglin’s words, Chen Xiang laughed: "This is too satisfying, if it was me, I would do the same."

Xiao Xianglin warned Chen Xiang once again: "So you must remember, at that time, don’t speak carelessly! Because you are temporarily a person without power or influence, and in the sect, your value will only be infinitely squeezed. "

"They won’t tell!" Chen Xiang looked at the two female slaves.

"We are very loyal to Big Sister. If she doesn’t let us speak, we won’t speak even if we die." Xiang’er said, and Yu’er nodded.

"Of course, you can find a way to secretly sell this pill." Xiao Xianglin said: "Wait until you familiarize yourself with this Tao-creation Place, then you will know how to sell it."

Chen Xiang took out a piece of Crystal emperor and passed it to Xiao Xianglin, "Big Sister Xiao, take a look at this piece of Crystal emperor, and see what’s different about this piece of Crystal emperor?"

The Crystal emperor was considered to be rather precious here, Xiao Xianglin had naturally seen it before, she just did not understand why Chen Xiang wanted to show her the Crystal emperor.

After Xiao Xianglin received it, he looked at it carefully, and revealed a look of shock.

"Big Sister, what’s wrong?" Xiang’er was also shocked by Xiao Xianglin’s reaction, and anxiously asked.

"This is ..." This is a human blood Crystal emperor! " Xiao Xianglin took a deep breath, frowned and looked at Chen Xiang: "Where did you get this?"

Xiao Xianglin’s face was extremely solemn, upon hearing the four words "human blood Crystal emperor", Xiang’er and Yu’er were so frightened that their faces turned pale, this seemed to be an extremely terrifying thing.

"Tell me what exactly is going on with this human Crystal emperor!" Chen Xiang could guess that this Crystal emperor that wasn’t formed naturally was a beast.

This was because Gu Tong and the Super Yang Old Ancestor were both here, and they were people who knew how to refine Crystal emperor. They must have refined a large number of Crystal emperor before, which resulted in the Tao-creation Place becoming unbalanced.

This was only because Su Meiyao reminded him, that’s why he took out a piece of Crystal emperor to appraise for Xiao Xianglin.

"Legend has it that there is a secret method that can refine Crystal emperor as long as a large amount of human blood and Myriad Tao Divine Soil crystals are mixed together! This kind of Crystal emperor looked normal on the surface, but it could be used to refine weapons ... But if it is used for cultivation, it will cause one’s cultivation to go berserk, and the person who uses this kind of Crystal emperor will turn into a demon. " Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Xiao Xianglin said in fear, "This kind of Crystal emperor is forbidden to circulate. The moment someone uses it, or possesses it, the various sects will definitely investigate it to the end, find the source, and then publicly execute the person who refined the human blood Crystal emperor."

Yu’er said: "Chen Xiang, you better not use it everywhere! This is very serious. Where on earth did you get it? "

This piece of Crystal emperor was formed by the Young girl Danling, and was basically not some human blood Crystal emperor. It was just that the sects were worried that someone would refine a large amount of this Crystal emperor, and then use this kind of Crystal emperor to dominate a region, which was why they boycotted it.

Chen Xiang felt that they might have already existed on a large scale before Super Yang Old Ancestor and Gu Tong had arrived here.

"I refined it!" Chen Xiang curled his lips.

"What!" Xiao Xianglin and the two female slaves cried out.

"It’s not refined with human blood, it’s refined directly using the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals." Chen Xiang scoffed, "Just think about it and you will understand why those sects are resisting it."

"Is this true?" Xiao Xianglin did not dare believe that he could refine it using the Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystal.

"Of course it’s true. If you don’t believe me, give me some Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals and I will refine them for you. After all, it will take some time to get to Dragon-Elephant School." Chen Xiang said.

"How much do you need?" Xiao Xianglin immediately took out a large pile. She was a Refiner and was extremely interested in this kind of thing.

Chen Xiang asked for more than a thousand kilograms, then he took out the Tianchuang furnace and let Xiao Xianglin and the others inspect it.

After they finished inspecting him, Chen Xiang began to refine them. He was now in the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage and had levelled up in all aspects.

In just a few days, he had successfully refined it, but because he was in a hurry, the quality of the Crystal emperor he had refined was rather poor.

"If you give me a few more days, I might be able to refine something of good quality." Chen Xiang said: "Now you all should believe it right? It’s just that this kind of Crystal emperor is banned, otherwise I would definitely be very rich. "

Xiao Xianglin and the others saw it with their own eyes, how could they not believe it? They really did not think that such a legendary human blood Crystal emperor would actually exist in such a secret.

Crystal emperor s were important materials for equipment forging, so Xiao Xianglin was lacking them. However, Chen Xiang being able to use Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals to refine Crystal emperor s shocked her greatly.

"I wonder if the divine weapons refined from these Crystal emperor will be discovered?" Chen Xiang said as he frowned.

"Yes!" There is an obvious difference between this kind of Crystal emperor and natural Crystal emperor. Xiao Xianglin sighed: "So even if it is used to refine Divine Weapons and is discovered after selling it, it will be extremely troublesome and can only be used by oneself."

Wu’er said: "Chen Xiang, you shouldn’t speak carelessly about this sort of thing. It will bring about a great disaster."

Xiao Xianglin and the other two felt that Chen Xiang was a hot topic in arms, but Chen Xiang’s abilities made them admire him greatly, and they could see his future.

"I know. When I was at a certain place, I encountered something like this." Chen Xiang laughed: "I’m already used to it, why don’t I use it myself!"

The Dragon Elephant had already landed on the ground. Xiang’er shouted lightly, "We’re already at the Dragon-Elephant School!"

Before Xiao Xianglin got off the car, he warned Chen Xiang not to speak nonsense and left everything to her.

There were two huge golden dragon elephants standing at the entrance of Dragon-Elephant School. They were mighty and domineering, and the Dragon Subduing School was as huge as a palace. There was also a main hall or something like the Tao-creation School.

Xiao Xianglin was a main hall disciple, and her parents were both high ranking in Dragon-Elephant School. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have been able to get eight Dragon Elephants to pull the carriage.

Thailand’s most popular female anchorwoman new love video exposure down the male host!