Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The Dragon-Elephant School was very big, but Xiao Xianglin did not drive the carriage inside, because no matter who it was, they would only be able to walk, which was very time-consuming.

The three of them brought Chen Xiang to a hall that was specially made for accepting disciples. There were a few elderly people and more than ten Palace Main Disciples s there.

Xiao Xianglin and the other two had extremely beautiful appearances, and together again, they were extremely eye-catching. As soon as they entered, they attracted many gazes, causing Chen Xiang, who was following them, to be ignored.

"Xianglin, did you come to the Hall of Disciples to introduce disciples?" An old man laughed and asked.

"Yes sir!" Xiao Xianglin pulled Chen Xiang out from the back and said: "It’s him, I want to recommend him to join Dragon-Elephant School."

Chen Xiang’s World Defying holy soul Qi was only at the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, so he could immediately tell that he was at the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage! And the other dozens of Palace Main Disciples s that were prepared to be recommended, were all from the World Defying Stage Divine Rank.

"Xiang Luan, you’re not young anymore. Stop playing around!" He is from the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage! " The old man said.

The other elders started to speak as well, while the dozens of Palace Main Disciples s looked at Chen Xiang with faces full of disdain.

"Xiao Xianglin, you are too bored! We Dragon-Elephant School are not trash. " From the looks of her identity, she should be a Palace Main Disciples.

Xiao Xianglin was a little angry, and said: "I brought in my disciple, what does this have to do with you? The disciple you recommended isn’t much! Wasn’t he just a popinjay? It’s all built up from the resources of the family, and it’s a piece of trash who can’t even beat my slave girl. "

"You ... Do you want to fight? " The flirtatious Palace Main Disciples said angrily.

"I’ll just fight, no one is afraid of me." Xiao Xianglin gave Xiang’er a meaningful glance, and Xiang’er stood up.

"All of you, over to the side. This is the Hall of Disciples. They are in charge of receiving disciples." An old man immediately shouted to stop them.

"Xiao Xianglin, stop messing around, let’s go." A man mocked, "The disciple you have recommended is indeed not very good. Everyone can see that you are not blind. Can’t you tell?"

"This kid does have a good set of skin. He looks pretty good, but what’s the use?" It’s only at the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, at least to reach the World Defying Stage Divine Rank! " The bewitching woman laughed coldly: "Xiao Xianglin, you can’t have fallen for this kid, right? Aren’t your standards too low, haha... "

"All of you shut up. What does the person that I have recommended have to do with you?" Whatever the consequences will be, it’s still my own business. What nonsense are you guys blabbering about? If you want to say another word, I’m not done with you, believe it or not! " Xiao Xianglin was immediately angered. She couldn’t stand these people mocking and ridiculing her, because from the sound of it, all of these words were targeted at her.

Chen Xiang had been silent the entire time, because Xiao Xianglin had instructed him to not speak a word.

"Alright, alright, since you like to cause trouble then I’ll let you do it!" The old man was also helpless, and said: "However, if no one accepts him as their disciple, he cannot join the Dragon-Elephant School ... You should know that! With his current cultivation level, the elders will definitely not even think highly of him. "

"If the elders don’t accept him as their disciple, I can take him, right? I am a disciple of the Palace Main Disciples. " Xiao Xianglin said.

"If you accept him as your disciple, you will have to be responsible for guiding him in the future. You will lose the right to be recommended in the future. " The old man said.

"I know the rules very well." Xiao Xianglin said impatiently.

Very quickly, Xiao Xianglin finished registering, and she was the one who cut in line. After all, she was the big sister, and although she was short and delicate, she was extremely domineering, making everyone who saw her a little afraid.

They were all here to take in disciples, if they could cultivate a good disciple, to bring honor to the Dragon-Elephant School, they would also receive rewards, and their disciples were powerful, they would gain honor as masters.

When the more than ten young Palace Main Disciples s saw the expressions of disdain from the elders, they looked at Xiao Xianglin with faces full of ridicule.

"Who’s so bored? actually brought in someone from the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage! "

"That’s right... It’s Xiang Lai who recommended it. Girl, you’re too naughty! "

"Xiang Luan, what’s wrong with you? You’ll be disqualified from being recommended, and your parents won’t be able to help you then."

Xiao Xianglin scoffed: You guys care about it, quickly go and choose your precious disciples! The person I have recommended, do you want him or not?

"Xiang Luan, you must have been tricked by him!" Don’t just look at how handsome this brat is. An elder kindly advised Xiao Xianglin, because it was still possible for her to give up now.

In short, these elders and old Palace Main Disciples s all despised Chen Xiang and didn’t even look at him, so they definitely wouldn’t choose him.

"Xiang Luan, no one has chosen Chen Xiang as their disciple. According to the rules of the Dragon-Elephant School, he cannot enter the Dragon-Elephant School." The old man in charge of accepting disciples said.

"They don’t want it, I want it! I said it before! I can be his master, right? " Xiao Xianglin pouted. She knew how powerful Chen Xiang was, just by knowing how to refine Crystal emperor, he could kill all the other disciples instantly.

Chen Xiang was against it in his heart, because he did not want to be this girl’s disciple.

However, Xiao Xianglin was very happy in her heart, because she was about to become Chen Xiang’s master.

Of course, Chen Xiang had several masters, but they were only at a disadvantage in terms of seniority. He could at least get a lot of benefits from his master, so if Chen Xiang took it in now, he would at most get Xiao Xianglin out of her body.

"Alright!" Then let’s begin the ceremony for the inheritance of the Dragon and Elephant Holy Soul! " An old man took out more than ten beads.

"What a pity, to waste a Dragon Elephant Holy Soul on such a fellow."

"That’s right, Xiao Xianglin is really messing around!"

The other Palace Main Disciples s spoke out to provoke the elders.

The Dragon and Elephant Holy Soul were the Dragon-Elephant School’s precious resources. They felt that it would be extremely wasteful to obtain it from Chen Xiang.

Now, one by one, the disciples that had just entered the school would touch the bead and it would split open. Then, a small dragon or elephant would appear.

"Isn’t it the Dragon and Elephant Holy Spirit?" Chen Xiang said in a low voice: "Why is there only a dragon or elephant?"

"That would require me to cultivate a dragon elephant later on. This is just a basic step, the process is the most important." Xiao Xianglin explained in a low voice.

Chen Xiang nodded.

"Very good. These disciples are all fusing together very quickly. Good seedlings." The old man laughed, but when he saw Chen Xiang, his face darkened, but he still wanted to give the pearl to Chen Xiang.

When Chen Xiang touched the bead, the bead did not shatter, it was unlike the ten over disciples!

"Haha ..." This guy is too weak. Even the Dragon Elephant Holy Soul couldn’t be bothered with him. "

"It should be like that!"

"Xiao Xianglin, you saw it right?!" The bewitching disciple laughed in an extremely complacent manner.

As for the elders in charge of the Hall of Disciples, they were already old men and elders. They had a different reaction because they were well aware of just what this meant! Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Xiao Xianglin started laughing loudly: "Bullsh * t! Don’t you know what that means, you ignorant bitch? This means that Chen Xiang himself has the Dragon Soul! "