Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Xiao Xianglin himself never thought that Chen Xiang would actually have a Dragon Madness soul! This meant that it was very rare for Chen Xiang to be able to cultivate from the Dragon Madness soul to the Dragon Soul. Vertex Novels. The other disciples were all at the late stage of fusion with the Dragon and Elephant Holy Souls, and these Dragon and Elephant Holy Souls were all semi-disabled, far from being as good as the natural Dragon and Elephant Holy Souls.

Chen Xiang had the Dragon Soul, so it was very possible that he had already cultivated a World Defying holy dragon. If that was really the case, then cultivating their Dragon Elephant Divine Art again would have a good effect.

Xiao Xianglin was extremely happy, but Chen Xiang was a little regretful. He felt that the Dragon and Elephant Holy Spirit inside the pearl were good things, but he was unable to fuse them into his own body now that he possessed the Dragon Soul.

He felt that this was a great loss to him.

"Chen Xiang, you are my disciple now." Xiao Xianglin patted Chen Xiang’s shoulders, looking extremely pleased: "Hurry and call me master!"

"Master!" Chen Xiang shouted unwillingly.

The bewitching woman was jealous to death, because even for Palace Main Disciples like her, there were not many people who possessed a natural Dragon Soul. It was extremely hard to obtain a natural Dragon Soul, and what they obtained were all split out of the Dragon and Elephant Holy Souls cultivated by the Dragon-Elephant School, and all of them were acquired Dragon and Elephant Holy Souls. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

The people who looked down on Chen Xiang earlier all had awkward expressions now, because they had misjudged him! Although Chen Xiang was only at the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, his eternally naturally born Dragon Soul was extremely sought after no matter what sect he was in.

"There’s nothing to be proud of. Let’s wait for him to become a World Defying holy dragon first!" He is already a Aoshi Holy Stage, but he hasn’t cultivated the Dragon Soul yet. It’s most likely because the quality of his Dragon Soul is not good. " A man said in a sour tone.

The Palace Main Disciples s all nodded their heads, because they could not feel the dragon aura on Chen Xiang’s body. They were all Dragon-Elephant School s, so they were extremely sensitive to this kind of aura.

Xiao Xianglin also felt that it was strange, because generally speaking, with a Dragon God’s Soul, as long as one stepped into the Aoshi Holy Stage, they would be able to cultivate a World Defying holy dragon and in the worst case scenario, they would be able to cultivate until the middle stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, but now, Chen Xiang was already at the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage.

"I finished cultivating it." Chen Xiang said indifferently, these seemed to be the first words he had said since entering.

They knew very well what cultivating a World Defying holy dragon meant. If they were to grow up in the future, they might even surpass them by a long margin. And when they had mocked and ridiculed Chen Xiang previously, they had already formed a connection with him.

"Then why can’t I sense your dragon aura?" Xiao Xianglin was extremely suspicious. She and Chen Xiang had been together for quite a few days, especially the few days they were together in the carriage. She couldn’t feel a single thing.

"I used a secret technique to hide it, because I heard that there is a Dragon Controlling Palace here that specializes in stealing other people’s World Defying holy dragon." Chen Xiang said.

The reason he chose to join the Dragon-Elephant School was also to avoid it in the future. Even if he used the power of Red fire dragon later, the Dragon Controlling Palace couldn’t do anything to him.

"What technique is this?" One of the clan elders was very curious, because very few people could avoid the Dragon Controlling Gods’s pursuit.

"The techniques cannot be spread out." Chen Xiang’s one sentence left the elder speechless. Even if the other party wanted to say something, it would be to tell his own master first.

rolled his eyes in satisfaction. Just now, these elders had treated Chen Xiang as trash and despised him a lot, but after knowing that Chen Xiang possessed the Dragon God’s Soul, they came up to curry favor with him.

"The ceremony of accepting a disciple has finally been completed!" Xiao Xianglin said impatiently: "Hurry up and send the thing!"

The elder in charge also secretly cursed himself for making such a mistake. If this matter were to be spread out, he would definitely become a laughingstock! They, as well as the other old fellows, admired Chen Xiang a lot because he had just been treated with such contempt and did not reveal any displeased expressions.

Chen Xiang acquired a Dragon-Elephant School identity badge, then a few sets of clothes, a divine sword that was refined using a Crystal emperor, and lastly a small piece of Crystal emperor of ordinary quality.

This piece of Crystal emperor was only as big as a walnut. To Chen Xiang, this was pitifully small, but no matter how small the mosquito leg was, it was still meat!

In fact, the things distributed to the disciples were pretty good for many people. After all, they had just entered the Dragon-Elephant School, and already had such a reward. If they performed well in the future, they would receive even more.

It was obviously because Xiao Xianglin brought Chen Xiang back to her place, and she had to take good care of such a precious disciple.

After walking out of the disciple’s hall, Xiang’er and Yu’er saw the displeased expression on Chen Xiang’s face and could not help but laugh, because they knew that Chen Xiang was extremely unhappy to be Xiao Xianglin’s disciple, but at that time, there was nothing they could do, so Chen Xiang could only bite the bullet and accept it.

"Don’t laugh, who knows who might be able to make a profit!" Chen Xiang snorted.

"Of course it’s for you to earn money. Having such a good master is very rare." Xiang’er laughed. "How many people can’t even be big sister’s disciples, you actually picked up a cheap one."

"Hmph, I just didn’t expect things to turn out like this. I’m not ready yet." Chen Xiang curled his lips.

"Disciple, you actually have a Dragon Soul, this is truly rare! Here, there are not many natural Holy Dragon Souls, even the fellows from the Dragon Controlling Palace s have all stolen them from other people. Some of them were even produced by secret techniques, but these kind of Holy Dragon Souls are inferior. " Xiao Xianglin said.

"Master, your disciple is very powerful. I’ll definitely let you experience it in the future." Chen Xiang made a face at Xiao Xianglin.

Xiao Xianglin happily brought Chen Xiang and the two female slaves back to his own small palace. On the road just now, Chen Xiang had already known that the Palace Main Disciples had such a small palace.

"Where do I live?" Chen Xiang asked.

"You can live wherever you want." Xiao Xianglin said: "Pick whatever you want, I will definitely promise you, my precious disciple!"

"I want to live with you!" Chen Xiang grinned: "You said that you will definitely agree to it!"

Xiao Xianglin was startled, then snorted: "No, other than my room, you can choose!"

Chen Xiang looked at Xiang’er and Liu’er, and laughed: "Then I’ll stay with them, is that okay?"

Liu’er made a big face towards Chen Xiang, and said with a smile: "We live together with Big Sister, you can’t choose her room."

"You actually dare to have ideas about Master!" Xiao Xianglin snorted, and hit Chen Xiang on the head.

Chen Xiang chose a very large secret room as his room, because he probably wanted to let Su Meiyao and the others out of the You Yao Mountain Villa. He originally thought that this would be his private space, but who would have thought that Xiao Xianglin would so casually barge in with two female slaves.

"Hurry up, I’m going to teach you how to cultivate your dragon elephant." Xiao Xianglin said.