Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang felt that when he had to do secret things in the future, he would have to use the Six Realms mirrors to seal this place. However, he felt that it might be useless, because Xiao Xianglin was a person who refined artifacts.

"What a hurry!" Chen Xiang said.

"This is what Master should do." Xiao Xianglin said: "Xiang’er and Liu’er might be able to help you here, you can learn from their dragon elephant!"

Chen Xiang still did not know much about dragons and elephants.

"What happened to your dragon elephant?" I heard that the more dragons and elephants there are, the stronger they are. The strongest guy here is a Nine-headed Dragon Elephant, right? " This was what Chen Xiang had heard from Lu Zhiwei.

"More or less! My head, dragon and elephant were all given to me by my parents. For the time being, they don’t need it, so they lent me four each to protect me. " Xiao Xianglin said: "Now I have to return it to them."

Chen Xiang looked at Xiang’er and Yu’er. "How many dragon elephants have you two cultivated?"

"Two!" Xiang’er said, "It’s not easy to cultivate too many dragons and elephants!"

Afterward, the two of them released their dragon elephants. They were both very small and were actually only the size of a tiger. They were far from being as strong and powerful as the one that pulled the carriage that day.

"So small! Could it be that you intentionally shrunk it? " Chen Xiang walked over and touched it.

The dragon elephant’s entire body was covered in dragon scales. Its four claws were extremely sharp and it had a dragon horn on its head. Its body was that of an elephant and it had a long and powerful nose.

"We are only at the early stage of World Defying Stage Divine Rank. Even the biggest dragon and elephant are this big!" Liu’er pouted and said, "Big Sis is in the middle stage, so she’s much bigger than our Dragon Elephant!"

"Oh right, disciple, why don’t you release your dragon for us to see? How big is it?" Xiang’er was very curious.

"Quickly release it!" Xiao Xianglin quickly urged.

"My dragon can be big or small!" Chen Xiang said very seriously, but Xiao Xianglin and the other two girls couldn’t help but think that Chen Xiang was talking about something.

Seeing the three girls look at him with contempt, Chen Xiang knew that they were thinking of the wrong things, and didn’t know whether to laugh or cry.

"Be serious!" Xiao Xianglin scoffed.

"I said seriously, your thoughts are impure, your thoughts are wrong." Chen Xiang said snappily, then released the World Defying Green dragon from the Ninefold Space.

When it was just released, it looked like a little green snake. Just when Xiang’er wanted to reach his hand out to touch it, Chen Xiang made the World Defying Green dragon suddenly grow big.

Very quickly, the World Defying Green dragon was like a big python, scaring Xiang’er out of his wits.

After that, Chen Xiang made the World Defying Green dragon become as thick as a water jar. Gradually, the World Defying Green dragon was so big that it couldn’t fit inside this large room.

"This is an Azure Dragon!" Xiao Xianglin was extremely shocked, it was her first time seeing a World Defying holy dragon at such a close distance, and it was even an extremely rare green dragon.

Chen Xiang kept the World Defying Green dragon and said: "En, so I have to hide it better. I don’t want Dragon Controlling Gods to know about it."

After seeing Chen Xiang’s Azure Dragon, Xiao Xianglin thoroughly understood why he was so confident in the past and said that he would be able to kill her in the future. Fortunately, she didn’t have any conflict with Chen Xiang back then, so she was a little afraid just thinking about it.

But now, Chen Xiang was her disciple, making her happier.

"Now, I will tell you to use this dragon to nurture an elephant soul. You should be able to do it relatively easily. After you give birth to an elephant soul, you can then use the elephant soul to cultivate an elephant spirit. Xiao Xianglin said.

Chen Xiang thought for a while and decided to release his Ground-suppressing immortal elephant. This way, he could let his dragon and elephant fuse together! The reason he was able to fuse Red fire dragon was all because of the mystical stone slab inside the Six Realms mirrors.

However, he couldn’t successfully fuse two divine beasts alone. He didn’t know why either.

"Master, wait!" Chen Xiang saw Xiao Xianglin take out a book and was about to explain.

"What is it?" Xiao Xianglin asked.

"Actually, I accidentally stumbled upon an elephant that year." Chen Xiang replied, "I just don’t know how to fuse the dragon and elephant!"

When Xiang’er heard it, he exclaimed, "There’s actually such a thing. There’s no Dragon Elephant Divine Arts from our Dragon-Elephant School, it’s actually able to coexist with the Dragon and Elephant Souls."

Chen Xiang had cultivated this technique many years ago.

Wu’er said, "Then quickly release it for us to see. Is it different from our divine images?"

Chen Xiang released his Ground-suppressing immortal elephant. He did not know why, but when the Ground-suppressing immortal elephant came out, its entire body was releasing white flames, and its entire body was turning white. Although it looked like an extremely beautiful white elephant, its imposing manner was extremely tyrannical.

Xiang’er and Yu’er were so shocked that they retreated a few steps. They thought that the divine elephant Chen Xiang released was as big as their dragon elephant, but they never thought that it would actually be a three-meter-tall white elephant. Luckily, the room was relatively high, otherwise, it would not be able to fit inside.

"Ground-suppressing immortal elephant!" Xiao Xianglin knew more than the two female slaves that this white elephant was not ordinary. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"Is it really that powerful?" Chen Xiang asked, he did not expect Xiao Xianglin to actually be a Ground-suppressing immortal elephant.

"The strongest divine elephant in the legends ... When the Tao-creation was first born, it was used to suppress the gods of hell and the lands of ten thousand realms. " Xiao Xianglin took a few deep breaths, and said in surprise.

Right now, she could skip the steps of cultivating the Divine Elephant and directly make Chen Xiang start to cultivate the Dragon Elephant Fusion.

"Dragon and elephant fused together to control the soul of dragon and elephant to fuse together ... You should have tried it before, but it didn’t work. The main reason is that you didn’t grasp the key technique, and the Dragon Elephant Godly Technique told you how to integrate it. Xiao Xianglin said, "The reason why our Dragon Elephant Divine Function can allow a dragon or elephant to fuse together is because we have a type of Tao-creation Incantation."

"Tao-creation Incantation?" Chen Xiang frowned, he immediately guessed that the Tao-creation’s incantation must have a Fusion spell inside, if he could control it, it would be even more convenient when refining the pill.

"Yes!" The main group of them is a set of Tao-creation incantations, called Fusion spell, which is a secret that our Dragon-Elephant School does not divulge to outsiders. " Xiao Xianglin said: "Even I can only learn the third stage!"

"So do we!" Xiang’er said: "If you want to learn more, then you’ll need to meet with the elders of Dragon-Elephant School and the Leader to decide."

"Your parents will definitely learn more than you. You should look for them to learn from!" Chen Xiang said in a low voice.

"No way!" During their studies, they had all signed a blood contract with others. If they were to pass it to others, they would suffer the backlash from the blood contract, so they cannot pass it to me. " Xiao Xianglin shook his head: "I have already applied, but I did not pass!"

"Oh right, what’s the use of learning more Fusion spell? Is three not enough? " Chen Xiang asked.

"Not enough! In the future, the dragon and elephant would become more and more powerful, allowing them to fuse better. Then, they would need to use more Fusion spell ... Right now, I can only control three Fusion spell, so after the dragon and elephant fuse, I can only use thirty percent of the dragon and elephant’s power. Xiao Xianglin said.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!

inclusion = " ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidccc; padding: 15px20px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {margin: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tMicrosoft Yahoo; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; mardin-bottom: 5px;}

Scan the left side of the 2-D code or copy the link below immediately to download the game, and start a new journey with the Dragon Brothers. Download link: Dragon Sacrifice: World is waiting for you to come and fight. You will receive the 10,000 yuan cash prize, the author’s signature gift, and so on. Newly registered users can participate in the event by sending a screenshot of the user to Feng Qingyang’s WeChat official account.