Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

At the start, Chen Xiang felt that it was very complicated and he had a headache. It was unknown when he would start to learn this, but he felt that it was a little boring.

It was only until he mastered the first stage of Fusion spell that he finally withdrew from the serious state of study out of joy.

"I’ve finally learned a Fusion spell, it seems like not much time has passed." Chen Xiang estimated the time that had passed by himself, he had only used around 10 years of time, and felt that he could still continue learning, because not even a day had passed outside.

Following that, he began to learn the second technique ...

He liked Xiao Xianglin a lot, because Xiao Xianglin learned Fusion spell very quickly. In fact, it was mainly because Xiao Xianglin had started learning the Tao-creation’s incantations since she was very young, which laid a solid foundation for her.

When Chen Xiang was learning the second Fusion spell, he required a lot more time than before. Even he himself did not expect it to be so difficult, it was only a second stage Fusion spell, but he actually used nearly fifty years of time!

"It’s not really that long ago. It’s said that Xiang’er and Liu’er, these two girls, took almost two hundred years to master the three of them. I think I should be a little better off than them."

Chen Xiang had thought that it would be easier for him to learn the Fusion spell since he had mastered some of the Tao-creation’s incantations. However, it wasn’t easy at all.

"Could it be that I don’t have the talent to learn the Tao-creation’s incantations? He could only make up for it with time! For Xiao Xianglin to actually learn a Tao-creation’s Incantation in three years for a woman, is simply frightening. Chen Xiang secretly exclaimed. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Chen Xiang decided to learn three Fusion spell first before talking. At least this will allow him to be good in Dragon-Elephant School.

After eighty odd years had passed, Chen Xiang had mastered the third Fusion spell. After calculating the time, it seemed like a hundred and fifty years wasn’t too slow, but he felt that it wasn’t any faster than Xiao Xianglin’s two female slaves.

"Alright, I probably do not have the talent to learn the Tao-creation’s incantation, which is why I was able to grasp it so slowly!" Chen Xiang planned to ask Xiao Xianglin about it after he left to see how long she had taken to master the three Tao-creation’s incantations.

Chen Xiang felt that these three Fusion spell were very powerful. Originally, he had planned to directly learn the ninth stage Fusion spell s, but after thinking about it, the ninth stage Tao-creation Incantation was very complicated. If he did not have the foundation in front of him, maybe he would need to use a few thousand of you to learn it.

Learning Tao-creation’s incantations was also a gradual process, and every level of Tao-creation’s incantations could be stacked together. If used properly, one could stack together all three Fusion spell’s: Rank 1, Rank 2, Rank 3 and Rank 2.

Xiao Xianglin had also said before, that it wouldn’t be easy to perfectly superimpose it either. It would take a very long time to master, and she had used a very long time back then.

Chen Xiang didn’t know how to make the Dragon Elephant Holy Soul fuse together, but he took out two Crystal emperor s, and carved a first order Fusion spell into each of them. Then, he placed the two Crystal emperor s together.

He saw that at the instant the Crystal emperor touched it, the Fusion spell that was just carved out suddenly shone forth with a burst of light, and then, the two Crystal emperor began to stick together as if sucked in each other, and then began to fuse together ... The process of the fusion was extremely slow. If one did not look carefully, it was impossible to notice that the fusion was in progress. Chen Xiang reckoned that based on the fusion speed, it would take at least a month!

"Could it be because the Fusion spell is only at the first rank?" Chen Xiang pondered for a while, and then he engraved a level two Fusion spell onto the Crystal emperor, superimposing it onto the first stage.

He had mastered superimposing the first level of the incantation, Wind, Fire, Lightning and any other incantations. Now that he had used these Fusion spell, it was very easy for him to superimpose and combine them.

"It’s a bit faster!" Chen Xiang could clearly see that the two Crystal emperor were fusing, but he felt that it wasn’t fast enough. According to their current speed, they would still need an entire day to finish fusing.

Chen Xiang then stacked rank 3 Fusion spell s on top of each other and went in.

The speed at which the two Crystal emperor were fusing with each other had increased by a lot. He predicted that he would be able to succeed in two hours! However, in his heart, he was anticipating an instant fusion.

"If you were to join the Level Four Fusion spell, it would definitely be faster." Chen Xiang secretly thought as he saw the two Crystal emperor s fuse with each other.

Two hours had passed, and the two Crystal emperor had fused together was only the size of a Crystal emperor. Only by fusing with it like this would the quality of the Crystal emperor improve.

"If I were to continue this limitless fusion, I wonder what the result would be?" Chen Xiang’s heart skipped a beat. He had a large number of Crystal emperor, so he felt that he could give it a try.

"There should be a limit to the quality of Crystal emperor!" Feng Ke’er said. She had thought of this question before, because she also wanted to make the best use of a large number of Crystal emperor.

"If the Crystal emperor continued to improve, what would happen in the end?" Chen Xiang was extremely curious, "Will it evolve into something even more powerful?"

With the Fusion spell, Chen Xiang did not need to use pill refining to enhance the quality of the Crystal emperor. That would need more time, and would also make him more tired.

"I don’t know, I’ll only know after trying!" I might as well wait until you go out and ask that beautiful little master of yours. " Su Meiyao laughed.

"I’ve only been here for two days, and I already went out to tell him that I learned three Fusion spell?" Chen Xiang curled his lips: "I’ll scare her to death!"

"That’s right, she’s so pretty. You can’t bear to scare her to death, right?" Long Xueyi laughed.

Chen Xiang kept the piece of Crystal emperor and released the Time Domain. Right now, he had to master more Increase spell because Increase spell were extremely useful. Although it was only the second incantation, it could greatly increase its power.

He felt that when refining Crystal emperor, the effects might be better if he added in the Increase spell. Right now, he needed to refine an even more powerful Curse Pill.

Chen Xiang had thought that it would be relatively easy for him to learn the second stage of the Increase spell after learning three sixth stage Fusion spell, but he wasn’t. He was very sure now that he didn’t have the talent to learn the Tao-creation’s Incantation, so he could only take it slowly.

"Looks like I’ll need a lot of time!" Chen Xiang needed to learn the Tao-creation Incantation, which was useful for pill refining.

The second stage of the Tao-creation’s Incantation took a few hundred years ... Even if he did not feel the passage of time when he was studying, he would always have a headache after learning. He felt that he needed a period of time before he could study, so he was not so bored.

He took out some of the Blood devil shark’s blood and then began to refine it. He was going to refine it into the ninth stage of Increase spell.