Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

After he mastered all the Increase spell, Chen Xiang would obviously want to see how effective it would be. Moreover, he would need to eat some of the Blood shark fitness Dan s before he can do that.

"Chen Xiang, if you want to step into the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage, you need a strong body, and Blood shark fitness Dan is the best choice. Once your body has more or less improved, your World Defying holy soul will not be restricted by your weak body, and when that time comes, you can consume the pellet used to level up your World Defying holy soul, and you will be able to break through." He Fengyuan said.

Chen Xiang almost forgot that He Fengyuan was inside his Six Realms mirrors.

"After I go out, I will ask my beautiful young master if she has any pills to help her level up her World Defying holy soul. At that time, I will see if I can get some pill formulas to refine more." Chen Xiang said.

"Give it to me, and I’ll be able to consume the pill formula." He Fengyuan said: "Back then, when I followed my father, I had tasted many medicinal ingredients."

"If you refined it with medicinal materials you’ve never eaten before, would you be able to taste it?" Chen Xiang curled his lips and said: "You want to eat some pills to recover your strength, right?"

"That’s right!" He Fengyuan said: "You can rest assured, once I recover my strength, I will not be your opponent, and at that time, you will definitely step into an even higher realm."

"Alright, we’ll talk about it when the time comes." Chen Xiang knew that the high ranking Alchemist here were still very powerful. Their position was not low and only the weak Six Realms mirrors would be enslaved.

When Chen Xiang was refining the Blood shark fitness Dan, he had stacked the Increase spell of the first stage on top of the other two, and he was even refining two at the same time. When he was using the proud power of the world to condense the Increase spell, he could condense two groups at the same time, and that way, he could be carved into the two Blood shark fitness Dan.

It had already been a month since he carved the Increase spell s of the first to ninth stages into the half-formed two Blood shark fitness Dan s. Now, he was starting to condense the pellets.

It was very easy to condense the pellet, the Increase spell did not let the Blood shark fitness Dan become very berserk. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

He had carved the blending wrinkles on the two pellets. He wanted to fuse the two pellets together, so he wanted to see if the Fusion spell was helpful in refining the pellets.

After being used by Chen Xiang, the quality of Blood shark fitness Dan had greatly improved. Now that he had fused with these two Blood shark fitness Dan, the quality would definitely be even higher.

After he had formed the Fusion spell, he wanted to inscribe the ninth stage of Increase spell after fusing them. However, he did not succeed after trying.

After fusing with the two pellets in the span of an hour, the blood red Blood shark fitness Dan had started to radiate with gold light, and its quality had risen by a lot. Chen Xiang suspected that the pellet was already a Tao-creation Divine Pellet, but it was only an Inferior Grade one.

"I’ll have a look myself!" Chen Xiang ate one pellet, it was not easy for him to refine one, it took him around two months to refine it, but the energy consumption was not too much, he just needed time to condense the Tao-creation Incantation.

The Blood shark fitness Dan s were a type of extremely strong stone, and when the energy inside is absorbed by the human body, the body would also become extremely strong.

After Chen Xiang ate the Incantation Blood shark fitness Dan, the dense Tao-creation Holy stone gushed out. This effect shocked him to his very core.

"This is great! If I can get a lot of these pills, then my fleshly body will definitely get much stronger!" Chen Xiang decided to refine a large amount of Time Domain.

After refining the pill here, Chen Xiang immediately entered into the Time Domain and refined one pellet. He gave it to Jiang Lisi to eat and let her see how many pellets she needed to evolve.

"I need to eat about 30 pills. This kind of pill is of high quality!" Jiang Lisi exclaimed after eating it.

"Only thirty pills?" This is too easy! " Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief, this was merely a matter of him activating the second stage of the Time Domain for two days.

After Chen Xiang finished refining the thirty Incantation Blood shark fitness Dan in the Time Domain, it had only been five days outside. After Jiang Lisi finished refining the thirty Incantation Blood shark fitness Dan, he quickly evolved and formed the Incantation Blood shark fitness Dan.

Chen Xiang placed the three Young girl Danling into the Time Domain, and they all evolved very quickly. This way, they could condense six pellets everyday.

Previously, they were condensing Crystal emperor, but now Chen Xiang needed them to eat incantation Blood shark fitness Dan s, so they did not condense Crystal emperor s anymore.

Chen Xiang didn’t use the Time Domain now, but rather gave the power of the Time Domain to Feng Ke’er and the other girls to learn the useful Tao-creation Incantation.

Amongst the Tao-creation’s incantations, the most useful were the second stage Increase spell s, which was something that they had to master.

In this Tao-creation Place, there were many Tao-creation’s divine weapons that were refined by Holy stone s. It was impossible for him to not have a good body, at least when he was struck by the Tao-creation’s divine weapons, his body would not be as broken as paper.

... ....

Chen Xiang had cultivated in the secret room for three years and he had learnt the fourth stage of Fusion spell s. The few women in You Yao Mountain Villa had also mastered all the Tao-creation’s incantations, and now that they had also stepped into the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, they began to eat the Incantation Blood shark fitness Dan s to improve their physical bodies.

On the other hand, Su Meiyao had an even more important matter. It was to continuously fuse Crystal emperor s together and see what would happen in the end.

Chen Xiang walked out of the secret room. Although he had only learned four Fusion spell s, he had benefited greatly from it, for he discovered that when the two Crystal emperor fuse together, if he added in the Incantation of the fourth step, the quality would increase slightly compared to the third step. Although it was only a little, but if he added in all the Fusion spell s behind, the quality would increase even more.

Now he understood why he needed to add more Fusion spell to the dragon and elephant fusion so they could become stronger.

"My precious disciple has finally come out. I thought you would come out to take a breather every two or three months or even a few months, but you actually locked yourself up for so long." Seeing Chen Xiang coming out, Xiao Xianglin anxiously walked over.

In this past year, she seemed to miss Chen Xiang a little. After all, she had just accepted a disciple and this disciple had closed up for a year.

What Xiao Xianglin did not know was that Chen Xiang had already stayed in the Time Domain for a few hundred years.

Chen Xiang looked at Xiao Xianglin and the others. They were all wearing black tight clothes, and it looked like they were about to fight.

"Where are you going?" Chen Xiang said as he furrowed his brows, "Could it be that there’s some sort of competition in the sect?"

"No, the competition is not that important, this is the most important matter right now. If it wasn’t for the fact that we were waiting for you, we would have already gone with the big team." Xiang’er pouted and said: "You, truly, didn’t shut your mouth like this!"

"What is so important? If it’s so important, why don’t you just come in? " Chen Xiang was extremely curious, why did the Dragon-Elephant School send out such a large team.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!

inclusion = " ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidccc; padding: 15px20px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {margin: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tMicrosoft Yahoo; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; mardin-bottom: 5px;}

Scan the left side of the 2-D code or copy the link below immediately to download the game, and start a new journey with the Dragon Brothers. Download link: Dragon Sacrifice: World is waiting for you to come and fight. You will receive the 10,000 yuan cash prize, the author’s signature gift, and so on. Newly registered users can participate in the event by sending a screenshot of the user to Feng Qingyang’s WeChat official account.