Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Liu’er was not too worried that Chen Xiang would take advantage of her. In any case, she had already made the appointment, after all, she was a female slave.

But, to her disappointment, Chen Xiang did not take advantage of her.

Actually, Chen Xiang was mainly thinking about the matter of Luo Jiuyang, the Super Yang Old Ancestor, and had been communicating with him, discussing how he would be able to meet with Luo Jiuyang at that time.

"So many years have passed, I wonder how my grandfather is now." Qin Shuang replied: "I’m very worried that he has already changed."

"Probably not. Since he’s still Gu Tong’s friend, it means that he hasn’t changed." Chen Xiang laughed: "Xiao Shuangshuang, you should have some confidence in your grandfather!"

Chen Xiang understood what Qin Shuang was worried about. She was worried that her grandfather would change his feelings for some reason, such as cultivating some kind of cultivation technique to make himself cold and heartless, to the point where he wouldn’t recognize any of her relatives. Or was his soul taken over by some evil force? This sort of thing was no longer surprising.

Qin Shuang had not seen her grandfather for many years, and she was worried about him. Because if he stayed in the Ancient Fire Divine Sect for too long, it would cause one’s emotions to fade.

"I must find him this time!" Qin Shuang said: "When grandmother first heard about what happened on the other side of World Defying Stage Soul River, her expression was very strange."

"It’s already very close. I will definitely succeed this time." Chen Xiang comforted Qin Shuang.

The Black dragon horse was flying in the air and had already become invisible, so from below, Chen Xiang, Xiao Xianglin and the other two looked very strange as they flew in the air.

Chen Xiang and Liu’er rode together, but the speed of the Black dragon horse wasn’t slow at all. Furthermore, they didn’t feel crowded at all.

Xiao Xianglin, who was standing at the side, watched dumbstruck all this while. She had thought that Chen Xiang would make a move on Yu’er, but he was so honest that she scolded him secretly in her heart. She thought that Chen Xiang was pretending to be innocent.

When Chen Xiang came back to his senses, he asked, "How much longer before we arrive?"

Xiao Xianglin thought for a while: "About two more days or so, and it’s already really fast, this Black dragon horse is really fast."

When Chen Xiang was at the fifth floor’s World Defying Stage Soul River, he had already seen the speed of the Black dragon horse. Thus, at that time, he had already made up his mind to subdue one Black dragon horse.

"That’s right!" Chen Xiang laughed and hugged the beautiful, fragrant slave girl, making him feel extremely comfortable, even though he didn’t have any intentions of hugging the girl.

"Chen Xiang, keep the Black dragon horse when you get close to that place. Maybe the Dragon Controlling Palace has also sent a large group to go there." Xiao Xianglin said: "Even though you used a secret technique to make the Black dragon horse disappear, the people from Dragon Controlling Palace might be able to sense it."

"Mm, I understand. When the time comes, I will definitely be careful." Right now, Chen Xiang was still a little worried that the Dragon Controlling Palace would come looking for him. Although the Dragon Controlling Palace didn’t say on the surface that he would not snatch the dragon from the bodies of the disciples of the top ten sects, but who would know that?

It was a good thing that he did not reveal his own Azure Dragon. Otherwise, if the Dragon Controlling Palace found out, they would definitely attack him.

"Master, what kind of place is that? Is there a problem with my strength going there? " Chen Xiang asked.

"Don’t worry, Xiang’er and Yu’er can protect you." Xiao Xianglin said: "We are just going to watch the show and see if we can get lucky enough to get the Legendary mantra."

"Yeah, we’re just going to broaden our horizons, the Legendary mantra can just think about it." She didn’t know why, but as she leaned into Chen Xiang’s embrace, she felt a strange comfortable feeling. It was the first time she had come into such intimate contact with a man.

Even though Yu’er was a World Defying Stage Divine Rank, she was still a female slave. Furthermore, since a young age, even though her cultivation was higher than Chen Xiang’s, she had a lower position than him. Furthermore, Chen Xiang was very capable, she felt that it was not bad to be able to interact so intimately with such a man.

Xiao Xianglin saw that Yu’er seemed to enjoy Chen Xiang’s embrace a lot, and scolded in his heart that this little girl, who had a heart of spring, was actually taking advantage of Chen Xiang.

How could Chen Xiang not know her thoughts? He never expected that little maid would dare to come in such a way, it was fortunate that he was a man with firm determination, he would not be easily bewitched by little maid.

"The place where the Legendary mantra appeared at was called Headless Mountain!" Xiao Xianglin looked at the mountains in front of him. "The mountains here still have mountains, so we haven’t arrived yet."

"Could it be that all the mountains in the Headless Mountain Range don’t have mountains?" Chen Xiang said.

"Yes, even the mountains look as if they were cut by humans. Mountains of this size and size look exactly like this." "That’s why the Headless Mountain Range is very easy to identify."

After the Black dragon horse flew for two days, just as Xiao Xianglin had expected, they had already arrived at the Headless Mountain Range. As expected, Chen Xiang saw that many of the mountain peaks were sliced in half, and all the mountains here, big and small, were like this. It was extremely strange.

Chen Xiang let the two Black dragon horse land on the ground, then he put them away.

"What’s next?" You guys can arrange it! " Chen Xiang had been taken advantage of by Wu Er, this beautiful female slave, these past two days, and he felt that he had suffered a huge loss.

Glee got down from the Black dragon horse and proudly walked to Xiao Xianglin’s side. She was pinching Xiao Xianglin’s buttocks, but she only stuck out her tongue lightly, her face still filled with pride.

"You will suffer a huge loss if we take it back next time!" Su Meiyao laughed.

"I didn’t expect that you would be at a disadvantage one day!" Long Xueyi chuckled.

Xiao Xianglin did not mention this matter. With a serious face, he said: "We have to carefully go in now .... During the day, you can use it to rest, but at night, you can use it to quickly move forward. "

"Why?" Chen Xiang did not understand. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Because there must be a lot of Dragon-Elephant School spies along the way. I can’t let them find out I’m here, otherwise, when I see my parents, I will be scolded to death." Xiao Xianglin snorted lightly.

"I even thought that there was something extraordinary in this Headless Mountain Range that made you be so careful. So it turns out to be a spy." Chen Xiang was stunned.

"The spies in the Dragon-Elephant School have Communication jade Symbol paper. The Communication jade Symbol paper was refined into a Space mantra and can quickly transmit information to me. If they were to head towards me, my parents would definitely know immediately and stop me from entering." Xiao Xianglin said.

"You can just change your appearance for a bit." Chen Xiang replied: "It’s nothing serious!"

"The scouts are very powerful. Even if they disguised themselves, they would still recognize me." Xiao Xianglin shook her head, she had obviously been caught by these spies many times.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!

inclusion = " ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidccc; padding: 15px20px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {margin: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tMicrosoft Yahoo; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; mardin-bottom: 5px;}

Scan the left side of the 2-D code or copy the link below immediately to download the game, and start a new journey with the Dragon Brothers. Download link: Dragon Sacrifice: World is waiting for you to come and fight. You will receive the 10,000 yuan cash prize, the author’s signature gift, and so on. Newly registered users can participate in the event by sending a screenshot of the user to Feng Qingyang’s WeChat official account.