Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

readx;

Xiao Hengyong’s husband had been keeping an eye on Xiao Xianglin’s carriage for the past two days, and would shout from time to time from the outside. When they saw Xiao Xianglin poke his head out, they were relieved. Ye Zichen smiled wryly. More recent chapter access: ww. It could be seen that Xiao Xianglin had secretly ran away many times, if not her parents would not have been so cautious.

"Xiang Luan!" "Xiang Luan!" Xiao Hengyong shouted.

He waited for a moment, because in the past, Xiao Xianglin would always stick his head out quickly, but he did not do so now.

"Xiang Luan!" Xiao Hengyong shouted twice, but there was still no one around, even without seeing Xiao Xianglin, he should have seen her two female slaves or her disciples.

Xiao Hengyong panicked and immediately rushed over. He went in and saw that it was empty, there was no one inside!

"This damned girl!" Xiao Hengyong was startled, then he cursed and anxiously rushed out.

"Master, what’s wrong?" The two disciples that were in charge of watching Xiao Xianglin ran over quickly. They were both Xiao Hengyong’s disciples.

"Xiang Luan that damned girl actually ran away, did you not see that!" Xiao Hengyong felt that he had seen a ghost. Although the barrier was not very strong, someone had ran out and touched the barrier, they would definitely be able to discover it.

But they didn’t notice at all.

"Isn’t Junior Sister in there?" The disciple became anxious, they kept staring at them without stopping, but they did not see any movements, and Xiao Xianglin just disappeared like that.

Xiao Hengyong anxiously called for his wife, the two clan elders walked over, Xiao Xianglin was actually able to disappear into thin air, all these old fellows did not know, this was simply too strange.

"This, this..." "That’s impossible!" An old man said. This was because he was in charge of the enchantment here. Even if a bug flew in, he would be able to feel it. How many beautiful novels]

However, even though Xiao Xianglin and a few other big shots had ran out, they did not know!

"There are more and more flowers for this girl." "It’s even faster than normal, the pages of the website are fresh and the advertisements are few. I like this kind of website the most, you have to give me good reviews," said Xiao Xianglin’s mother, Ning Xi.

"It must be the doing of her disciple. This little guy tricked me just because he ’created’ the dragon elephant for ten days. I don’t know what method he used." Xiao Hengyong was extremely anxious, because he knew where Xiao Xianglin and the rest had gone. If they went to an extremely dangerous place ... The thought infuriated him.

"That may not be true. Xiang Luan herself has an extremely high talent in learning Tao-creation’s incantations. She might have secretly learnt some powerful Tao-creation’s incantations ..." When Ning Qian said here, she cried out in alarm, "Space mantra, it must be like this, she must have control over the Space mantra!"

After Xiao Hengyong heard it, he almost jumped: "Where did this girl learn to use Space mantra? We only have three Space mantra s and we can’t just pass them down. You and I don’t even know anything about them, how could she understand? "

"There are also Tao-creation s, but even they would not spread word of it." Ning Xi said with a frown.

"I can only ask when I see her." One of the clan elders sighed, "This girl, she has always used all kinds of methods to learn many Tao-creation’s incantations. Even we old bones don’t have as much control as her."

"This damned girl, I must give her a good beating." Xiao Hengyong was burning with anxiety, and at the same time, he was very angry.

... ....

Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors had already flown outside the super enchantment, and there was some kind of Legendary mantra inside. Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin were both looking forward to it.

"Master, whether or not we can succeed will depend on you." Chen Xiang said to Xiao Xianglin and the other two women. They were all from the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, and could instantly burst with extremely strong energy for the Six Realms mirrors to absorb.

The World Defying Stage Divine Rank was originally very strong, and was also the domain that He Fengyuan had always wanted to step into, but he did not succeed. Currently, among the three women of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, one of them was Chen Xiang’s master, this made He Fengyuan feel that he had not expected to recognize a master so quickly, and not only that it was so beautiful.

"Good!" It will definitely succeed. " Xiao Xianglin was very confident that she and Feng Ke’er would be able to set up that spatial formation together. It was a very strange formation, and once it was activated, it would release a very strong power of space. Then, it would absorb Chen Xiang’s time energy and transform into a very strong power of space and time, bringing the Six Realms mirrors through the barrier.

Xiao Xianglin and the two female slaves placed their hands on the spatial formation. Chen Xiang also walked over and placed his hands on it.

"One, two, three, begin!" After Xiao Xianglin shouted, they released their powers together.

Xiao Xianglin and the other two girls released their most powerful energies, while Chen Xiang unleashed his most powerful energies.

In just an instant, Chen Xiang felt half of his Divine Sense Sea’s power being ’sucked’ away, and he anxiously controlled the Six Realms mirrors’s teleportation. After passing through the barrier, he only felt himself being sucked empty, and fell asleep on the ground.

On the other hand, Xiao Xianglin and the others were fine.

"This fellow..." Xiao Xianglin pinched Chen Xiang’s cheek, and laughed: "Good disciple, rest well!"

Chen Xiang was only at the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, so he naturally couldn’t compare to the three of them.

Chen Xiang slept for a whole day and night before recovering.

"Alright, we’re already in this mysterious area. What should we do next?" Chen Xiang asked: "How do we find Legendary mantra?" Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

This area was not small, and there might even be hidden dangers, it would not be easy to find the Tao-creation’s Incantation.

"Why don’t you let me go out and see if I can sense my grandfather?" Qin Shuang came out from the You Yao Mountain Villa and appeared in the room inside the Six Realms mirrors.

They didn’t think it was strange for a woman to suddenly appear, because they had seen He Fengyuan before.

secretly snorted in her heart. Previously, when Chen Xiang said that she was a beauty who could read countless of different women, she did not believe him, but now she believed him.

"Good!" If we go out together, it’ll be safer with my master protecting us. " Chen Xiang said, and then immediately introduced Qin Shuang to Xiao Xianglin.

Chen Xiang and the others arrived at the top of the Six Realms mirrors and stood on it.

"Xiao Shuangshuang, who is your grandfather?" Xiao Xianglin asked curiously, she was also following Chen Xiang’s call to Qin Shuang.

"Luo Jiuyang!" Chen Xiang answered for Qin Shuang.

Xiao Xianglin was startled, unable to believe it.

"Is this true?" Xiang’er shouted in shock.

"That’s impossible!" We have never heard of Luo Jiuyang having a family member. Luo Jiuyang seems to only have one friend, and that is Gu Tong. " Yu’er said.

Xiao Xianglin looked at the Six Realms mirrors beneath her feet and took a deep breath. The Spirit grain and the bronze statue were too similar to the Heavenly magic sword she had seen before. She immediately thought that Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword could fuse with this strange Six Realms mirrors.

Now she understood why Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword looked so normal at the start, but suddenly had a huge change.

"I felt it!" Grandfather is over there! " Qin Shuang shouted in surprise as he pointed in a direction.

At the same time, a strong Qi suddenly surged, causing Chen Xiang and the others to be extremely terrified.

"Get away from here!" Xiao Xianglin shouted. At the same time Chen Xiang sensed this aura, he moved all of them inside the Six Realms mirrors and controlled the Six Realms mirrors to fly quickly.

...