Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang and the rest had just come out, and the powerful Qi was already there, so they were definitely heading towards them.

"Could it be the people who entered this place?" Xiang’er said.

"Absolutely not!" Xiao Xianglin was very sure: "That kind of aura is not something humans possess, it should be a fierce beast formed from World Defying Stage Fierce Soul!"

When Chen Xiang came here, he had never seen a Fury beast before. The World Defying Stage Fierce Soul of the Tao-creation Place was extremely strong, if it could turn into a beast, then it would definitely not be weak.

"In short, I am no match for that thing." Xiao Xianglin sighed, "I wonder how Leader and the rest are doing after they came in!"

Chen Xiang did not speak, because the thing behind him was chasing him.

"What exactly is this thing?" Chen Xiang couldn’t see what was chasing after him, but he could feel the pressure.

"Can’t you see?" Xiao Xianglin looked at the wall behind him. He only saw an extremely calm tree with nothing else.

Xiao Xianglin and the other girls had been carefully observing him, trying to find any trace of him, but they couldn’t find anything.

"Is that thing still chasing?" Qin Shuang asked.

"Yes!" Chen Xiang said: "Do you want to change your direction now?"

Chen Xiang had controlled the Six Realms mirrors to fly towards Luo Jiuyang’s direction. Just now, Qin Shuang had already sensed where Luo Jiuyang was, and was worried that this would cause trouble for Luo Jiuyang, so he asked for his opinion.

"Continue walking. My grandfather should be very strong. There is no need to be afraid of this thing." Qin Shuang said: "It shouldn’t be just my grandfather over there, Gu Tong might also be there."

Currently, only Chen Xiang could feel how terrifying the thing that was chasing the Six Realms mirrors was. If it wasn’t for the fact that he had the Six Realms mirrors which allowed him to agilely move through the forest, that thing might have caught up very quickly.

"I saw it!" He Fengyuan suddenly shouted.

Qin Shuang and Xiao Xianglin both frowned, because they did not see anything.

"See what?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"I didn’t see anything." Xiao Xianglin said.

He Fengyuan did not answer, she frowned as she looked at the image on the wall, then suddenly shouted: "Look at the trunk of the tree!"

The few girls immediately gazed at the tree He Fengyuan was pointing to, only to see a transparent object appearing on the tree trunk. If one did not look carefully, it would be difficult to find, but because it was transparent, it looked like it had fused with the tree trunk.

"This thing went into the tree!" Qin Shuang shouted. Just as she finished shouting, Xiao Xianglin pointed at another big tree that was very close to the Six Realms mirrors.

On the trunk of the large tree, another transparent object appeared!

Chen Xiang also saw this scene, no wonder he was unable to sense that this thing was chasing after him, but he could feel a very strong Qi.

"Poison woman, what is this?" Chen Xiang thought that He Fengyuan might know about this, otherwise, she would not have noticed him, because if she did not pay attention to this matter, it would be hard to find out.

"I’ve only heard of such things!" He Fengyuan fell into deep thought, and said after a while: "This kind of thing is also evolved from the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul. But it is actually a special kind of World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, and this kind of World Defying Stage Fierce Soul is not beast-type! "

There were indeed a lot of beasts that were not Madness soul s, and there were also blade, sword, plant, etc. This was not a rare sight.

"This kind of World Defying Stage Fierce Soul is very, very rare, just like the spatial or temporal Madness soul." When He Fengyuan first obtained the Space holy soul, he had inquired about a lot of things related to this topic.

Chen Xiang and the others listened patiently.

"This kind of World Defying Stage Fierce Soul is called the Incantation Madness soul, it is the result of the Tao-creation’s Incantation ... Or in other words, the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul that was formed from the Tao-creation’s Incantation was extremely unique and extremely rare. This is because this Incantation Madness soul would only appear under very rare and special circumstances. "

Xiao Xianglin said: "So you’re saying, this thing is formed from spatial Madness soul?"

They had all seen it just now. Once this transparent object entered a tree, it would emerge from another tree. It was as fast as a spatial travel.

"Yes!" Furthermore, not only that, the Incantation Soul Demon also has a certain control over the plants, and can sense the location of the Six Realms mirrors through the trees. " He Fengyuan said: "The Six Realms mirrors is invisible. It was detected by the trees, that’s why it was teleported through the trees to chase after the Six Realms mirrors."

Xiao Xianglin nodded his head: "If this thing could determine the location of the Six Realms mirrors, it could immediately teleport us, and right now, he is constantly teleporting through the trees, precisely because he is unable to directly sense the Six Realms mirrors, and can only pass through the trees, but after sensing the trees it can only be transmitted to him, and once he has rushed over, it will be slower."

"Right now, he’s chasing us because he’s waiting for us to make a mistake." He Fengyuan said: "To be able to evolve to such an extent, my strength must be very strong, I need to treat it with caution."

He Fengyuan said so much because he wanted Chen Xiang to know how powerful this thing was. If he wanted to capture it, he needed to make preparations.

"Looks like Legendary mantra really exist in this place. Otherwise, it would be impossible for them to nurture Incantation Soul Demon." He Fengyuan said.

"Maybe... Maybe this thing knew where the Legendary mantra was? Should we catch him? " Feng Ke’er was excited, she was also very curious about this thing.

"It’s not easy to grab, you’re already a very strong person!" Chen Xiang frowned and looked at Xiao Xianglin: "Master, you should have sensed the presence of this thing just now. What rank of strength do you think it should have?"

"Probably in the middle stages of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank ... It is close to the Late period of World Defying magic realm, and in short, is not the aura of the Late period of World Defying magic realm. Xiao Xianglin said.

"Is it easy to deal with?" Chen Xiang asked again.

Xiao Xianglin shook his head: "It’s not easy to deal with, if not these two girls and I would have rushed up."

"Alright, let’s lure this thing to my grandpa first." Qin Shuang said.

That was all they could do now.

Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors flew inside the tree spirit, the translucent Soul Demon incantation chasing after it was very patient. Even though she missed every attack, she did not give up.

"I wonder if your grandfather found any Legendary mantra." Chen Xiang looked ahead. Right now, he couldn’t go out, so he naturally couldn’t be sure of Luo Jiuyang’s exact location. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

"I don’t think so. If I had, I would have come out long ago." Xiao Xianglin said: "Even though the Legendary mantra is here, it’s definitely not easy to obtain. With such a powerful barrier here, you can see that this is to prevent anyone from obtaining the Legendary mantra."

"To prevent himself from obtaining the Legendary mantra?" Chen Xiang curled his lips: "It’s hard to say if this Legendary mantra was naturally formed? It couldn’t be taken away, couldn’t be destroyed? And it’s also very powerful, so it can’t be obtained by others? "

"That’s it." Xiao Xianglin said.

This book begins with 17K, the first time you look at the original content!

inclusion = " ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidc; padding: 15px20px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {margin: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tMicrosoft Yahoo; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; mardin-bottom: 5px;}

Scan the left side of the 2-D code or copy the link below immediately to download the game, and start a new journey with the Dragon Brothers. The Dragon Sacrifice World is waiting for your arrival. The ten thousand yuan cash prize, the author’s signature generous gift, and so on. Newly registered users can participate in the event by sending a screenshot of the user to Feng Qingyang’s WeChat official account.