Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

After Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors flew for half a day, it suddenly crashed into something, causing the Six Realms mirrors to sway violently.

"We’ve collided with the barrier!" Xiao Xianglin immediately replied with certainty.

"The Soul Demon Incantation is coming!" He Fengyuan kept his eyes peeled on her.

Chen Xiang immediately controlled the trembling Six Realms mirrors to teleport, wanting to pass through the barrier in front, but to no avail. He could only try to avoid it in a hurry.

When the translucent Soul Demon incantation flew over, it also crashed into the barrier.

"This guy can’t even go in, this barrier is really strong!" Chen Xiang exclaimed. He was already very close to the barrier previously, but he did not discover the presence of the barrier.

Chen Xiang continued to fly around the enchantment, and the Incantation Soul Demon continued to chase after him.

After half a day, Chen Xiang arrived at a large circle around the barrier. He was certain that the barrier was circular in shape, and the area it covered was not very large.

If it were not for the translucent runic Soul Demon chasing him from behind, Chen Xiang would definitely have broken through the barrier through the spatial array inside the Six Realms mirrors.

"I wonder what’s inside!" Chen Xiang said, he continued to fly around the barrier, he wanted to think of a way to enter, but right now, he could only see if he could make the Soul Demon know the difficulty of the situation and retreat. How many beautiful novels]

"This won’t do. If this goes on, we’ll never be able to get rid of this thing." Xiao Xianglin said: "The barrier ahead should have been set up by someone, it’s very likely to be Luo Jiuyang and the others. When they came in, they discovered that there were many Incantation Soul Demon s here. For everyone’s safety, they had set up a barrier! "

He Fengyuan nodded: "Inside the barrier, there might be Legendary mantra."

Chen Xiang paced around anxiously.

"Got it!" Chen Xiang asked Su Meiyao to give him a piece of Crystal emperor.

Su Meiyao had continuously used Fusion spell s to refine this piece of Crystal emperor, and had already fused with many of the Crystal emperor, containing a vast amount of energy within.

When Chen Xiang took out this piece of Crystal emperor, she took a deep breath because she could feel just how terrifying this piece of Crystal emperor was.

"Master, how many sets of berserk elemental incantations do you engrave and the Increase spell of the ninth step into it ... As long as it’s a Tao-creation Incantation with a strong offensive nature, you can go in and out of it. " Chen Xiang passed it over to Xiao Xianglin: "Once it’s’ done ’, it will be used to attack the thing outside."

Xiao Xianglin took it and pinched this piece of Crystal emperor with great force. She could very clearly feel the terrifying energy contained within: "How many Crystal emperor did you fuse with?"

"Over a hundred!" Chen Xiang said.

Xiao Xianglin could see the Fusion spell above the Crystal emperor, so she could guess.

"I’ll inscribe the Sound Wave Incantation and the Stage Nine Increase spell. The Sound Wave Incantation will carry a very light power of the Sound Wave Incantation and will have a wide range of attack." Xiao Xianglin said: "The speed of that Soul Demon rune outside is so fast, it can’t possibly be thrown at him, and the Sound Wave Incantation is the best."

"Sure!" Chen Xiang said: "Master, I will use the Time Domain on you, and finish it faster."

"I will engrave all of the ’Wave’ Incantation into it." Xiao Xianglin said.

Xiao Xianglin took the Crystal emperor and Chen Xiang into a private room, and began.

Chen Xiang only needed two hours to complete the second stage of the Time Domain.

"If this item is thrown out, it will definitely cause a very strong ’shock wave’. I wonder if the people inside the barrier will sense it." Xiao Xianglin said.

"I don’t know them. Let’s beat them back first." Chen Xiang was annoyed by the chase, otherwise he would not have brought out such a precious Crystal emperor.

Crystal emperor s were also relatively rare in this place, and Xiao Xianglin usually did not have many Crystal emperor s that she could use to try and engrave incantations, so she was extremely anticipating the strength of the Crystal emperor.

Chen Xiang threw it out from the Six Realms mirrors, at the same time asking the Six Realms mirrors to release an extremely strong protective shield.

The Six Realms mirrors suddenly stopped, and this time the transparent incantation from the Soul Demon did not miss, but the sonic boom from the Six Realms mirrors suddenly exploded, causing a very strong sound wave to shake.

After the explosion, the trees in the surrounding area were all destroyed. In an instant, the trees within 100 kilometers of the area were all destroyed.

Outside, Xiao Hengyong and the others had their ears hurt by the ear-piercing sound, they looked inside the enchantment from a high up in the sky, and saw the inside of the enchantment trembling crazily, and the big tree looked like it was being blown around by the wind.

The Six Realms mirrors was also sent flying. To Chen Xiang’s surprise, the Incantation Soul Demon was able to hold onto the Six Realms mirrors tightly, and red blood came out of his mouth due to the impact. He was probably heavily injured.

After the Six Realms mirrors landed on the ground, Xiao Xianglin and the two servants immediately came out of the Six Realms mirrors, and started to attack the Soul Demon who was covered in Incantation. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU...!

Another series of explosions rang out. The Incantation Soul Demon was already severely injured and his original form was revealed.

"It’s actually a tiger!" Chen Xiang came out from the Six Realms mirrors s and looked at the tiger lying on the ground, panting. He heaved a long sigh of relief.

"It’s not that big!" Xiao Xianglin said.

This tiger was indeed small, about the same size as the dog at home.

Chen Xiang placed it inside the Six Realms mirrors and sealed it.

"Being able to become transparent ... Could this be a Legendary mantra? " Chen Xiang said: "In short, this tiger has mastered quite a few Tao-creation’s incantations."

After creating such a huge commotion, Chen Xiang immediately rode on his Six Realms mirrors and left the place. Not long after he left, a group of people came out of the barrier and looked around to check out the situation.

"What happened? The powerful sound wave spell was obviously unleashed just now." An old man said.

"Could it be that a battle has occurred here? "Who is it?"

"The team that entered this place are all inside the Spirit Formation. There can’t be anyone outside, and the full moon hasn’t come yet, so people outside are not allowed to come in either."

... ....

Chen Xiang was in the secret room of the Soul Demon that was sealed with incantations. He was the only one in the place, and he told Bai Youyou to come out.

"Sister You You You, can you search this fellow’s memories?" Chen Xiang was worried that Bai Youyou was not strong enough, while the Soul Demon was strong.

"I’ll try!" Bai Youyou pressed his hand on the tiger’s head, then activated the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell.

Bai Youyou frowned, he had been silent for a long time, and did not speak for a long period of time.

Chen Xiang waited for more than four hours before he finally opened his eyes.

"Any gains?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"Yes!" Bai Youyou nodded.

Chen Xiang revealed a smile.

"This is indeed the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul formed from the Tao-creation’s Curse, and then this World Defying Stage Fierce Soul will be possessed by a tiger." Bai Youyou said: "Later on, I gradually gained intelligence!"

"Originally, the Tao-creation’s incantation was a type of special incantation. To be able to easily integrate with all sorts of living creatures, this tiger should have already been able to assimilate into the trees, right? "

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "In that case, this Tao-creation Incantation is a Legendary mantra, it should have been evolved from a Fusion spell. The Tao-creation’s incantation is really magical. "