Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

Bai Youyou caressed the tiger’s head and continued, "What is even more mystical is that this fellow himself is a kind of strange Fusion spell. That’s why he could teleport after fusing with another Space mantra. -. 79xs. "

"There is such a thing!" Chen Xiang was very excited, because he wanted to subdue this tiger.

"Does he have any other abilities?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No, he only has the ability to grasp these three Tao-creation’s incantations." Bai Youyou shook his head: "However, his own strength is very strong, and this is mainly because he is able to fuse with various types of energies. There are Tao-creation Holy stone here, and after he finds them, he can directly fuse with them to obtain energy in an instant."

When Bai Youyou returned to the You Yao Mountain Villa, he saw that this tiger looked no different from an ordinary tiger. However, it had the ability to chant the three kinds of strange Tao-creation incantations.

The transparent incantation was probably from a Legendary mantra, and that kind of Fusion spell was also not the kind that Chen Xiang was familiar with.

The tiger woke up, growling in a low voice. At this moment, he was very weak.

"You, who allowed you to chase after me and not let me go. You must have suffered greatly!" Chen Xiang laughed.

The tiger looked furious and roared again.

"How about this, if you follow me and follow me, I can help you quickly recover from your injuries. I also have quite a few good things in the future." Chen Xiang said as he rubbed the tiger’s head.

The tiger was very intelligent, it turned its head to let Chen Xiang touch it, then laid on the ground with its eyes closed, ignoring Chen Xiang.

"If you don’t agree, I can only roast you to eat." Chen Xiang sighed.

The tiger was heavily injured, and now that it was sealed, if Chen Xiang wanted to roast him, he had no way to escape. He immediately opened his eyes, and fear could be seen from his eyes. txt Complete Download

"Follow me and I’ll guarantee you a good meal." Chen Xiang laughed when he saw the tiger.

Since the tiger did not agree, Chen Xiang could only take out a Blood shark fitness Dan incantation and feed it to the tiger.

After eating it, the tiger seemed to realize the effects of the pill. Although there was only one pill, it would be good if he ate it often. At least he did not need to look for food to maintain his consumption.

If he did not continue to deplete his energy, not only would he regress in strength, but he himself would also perish.

In the end, the tiger agreed to sign a Master-servant Contract with Chen Xiang.

"Ah Hu! Can you still fuse with other beasts? " Chen Xiang asked.

Ah Hu nodded.

Chen Xiang’s eyes lit up, and brought Ah Hu to the stone room of the two Dragon horse.

"Fuse them!" Chen Xiang said, the use of Dragon horse was too dazzling, he did not dare to use them carelessly.

The stripes on Ah Hu’s body suddenly lit up, transforming into incantations, he pounced on them, and then drilled into the gigantic Dragon horse’s body.

After entering, the Dragon horse’s body emitted a faint white light. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

The originally pitch black Dragon horse was slowly transforming into a tiger!

Very quickly, the Dragon horse disappeared and turned into a tiger!

Ah Hu’s body was a bit bigger than before. After fusing with another Dragon horse, his body had grown bigger to the size of a horse.

Chen Xiang thought about how he still had a large number of Blood devil shark that he could fuse with Ah Hu. Then, wouldn’t Ah Hu become very strong? After he asked Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou, they were both opposed to it.

"Your cultivation is too low now, go and don’t do it. If this tiger is very strong, maybe he can find a way to get rid of the Master-servant Contract, and then what happens if I fuse with you?" Bai Youyou said very seriously.

Chen Xiang thought that if he was assimilated by this tiger, he would disappear, and this made him tremble with fear.

Right now, Ah Hu’s strength was already impressive, although he had not recovered from his injuries, he was already at the early stage of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank.

Chen Xiang and Ah Hu could communicate spiritually and spiritually. From Ah Hu, he found out that the Legendary mantra was in that barrier.

What wasn’t there before that barrier was only there when a group of people came in later. There were a few boulders that looked like small mountains and the surface of the boulders were flat and had nothing on them, but they were Legendary mantra Stones.

There were a total of seven of them, there were originally a lot of them, but after absorbing the energy, they later turned into the Incantation Soul Demon.

Chen Xiang let Ah Hu continue resting. When he came to the room, Xiao Xianglin and the others were already there.

"How is it?" Xiao Xianglin asked.

"I’ve subdued that tiger." Chen Xiang laughed: "This guy is very strange ...."

Chen Xiang told Xiao Xianglin everything that happened to him, and after Xiao Xianglin finished listening, he anxiously asked: "Then can he bring out the incantations? I want to learn! "

"This shouldn’t be a problem, we can talk about it after he recovers, we can let him condense it when he comes out." Chen Xiang said.

"Now we need to enter the barrier! "Activate the spatial formation again." Xiao Xianglin said, "When I was going out just now, I felt this barrier. It was about the same as the barrier outside."

"No need, you go out with me to take a look. If you can see someone, they will bring us in." Chen Xiang felt that if such a huge explosion had occurred before, the people inside would definitely have been alerted.

Xiao Xianglin nodded in agreement, then walked out of the Six Realms mirrors with Chen Xiang. For safety’s sake, she asked Xiang’er and Yu’er to follow along as well.

Once they were outside, Xiao Xianglin said in a low voice, "There is someone here who has an aura that has appeared.

Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin walked around the enchantment for a while, but suddenly saw that there was someone in front, they immediately became cautious, and the person in front was the same.

"Brother Shen, Xiao Xianglin!" A surprised voice sounded from the front.

"Ding ’Jade Sea!" Chen Xiang also did not expect to meet a disciple from the Tao-creation.

Ding Yu Hai was a Palace Main Disciples of the Tao-creation. His strength should be on par with Xiao Xianglin, but he was able to follow their Leader and stand at the very front.

Ding Yu Hai and a few elders that were with him, those elders were all Palace Main Disciples s of the older generation, so they were relieved when they heard that Xiao Xianglin was one of their own.

"Why are you here?" Ding Yu Hai asked in surprise.

"Sigh, we were wandering around in the huge enchantment outside. For some reason, we were attracted by a force, so we didn’t wait for the full moon to come in. Only the few of us." Xiao Xianglin sighed, "We accidentally stumbled upon this place and we encountered two extremely strong objects that were fighting, causing both sides to suffer. After that, we came over to see if there was any ’hole’ or something like that."

Because there were all kinds of magical things here, Ding Yu Hai and the others easily accepted it.

"Then let’s hurry in. It really isn’t safe outside." Ding Yu Hai said anxiously, then brought Chen Xiang and the rest into the enchantment.