Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Ding Yuhai and a few elders brought Chen Xiang and the others into the enchantment. Only the elders could use a few array discs at the same time to open a door, showing how tight the enchantment was.

Xiao Xianglin and the others were from Dragon-Elephant School, so he brought them to where Leader was. ¤，

"Ding Yuhai, what’s the situation inside?" Xiao Xianglin asked: "Did anyone obtain that Legendary mantra?"

Xiao Xianglin’s talent in learning Tao-creation’s incantations was something many people knew, and Ding Yuhai was naturally aware of it as well. He really hoped to obtain the precious Tao-creation’s incantations, he suspected that Xiao Xianglin had sneaked out of there on his own.

"No one’s got it yet." Ding Yuhai shook his head: "I am not too sure about the specifics either!"

"Didn’t Luo Jiuyang and Clan Elder Gu Tong come in very early? Didn’t they get it? " Chen Xiang asked curiously, "The area you are in right now isn’t very big. We should have already found it in the past few days."

"Brother Shen, you don’t know." Ding Yuhai sighed: "Even though we came early, the Legendary mantra s are not easy to obtain ... There are many giant rocks here, and there are Legendary mantra inside these giant rocks. However, whether or not we can obtain them from the giant rocks, will depend on our own abilities. "

Bai Youyou had heard about this matter from Ah Hu’s memories. There were still seven giant rocks inside, and these rocks contained Legendary mantra s.

"How fast are these stones?" Xiao Xianglin asked.

"Seven pieces... It was initially occupied by the three sects, but then a dispute broke out and they felt that it was unfair, so they moved the seven huge rocks to the center. Everyone could surround the huge rocks and rely on their own abilities to take away the Tao-creation’s incantations. Ding Yuhai said: "Anyways, I’ve already tried it out, and I feel like there’s nothing inside those huge rocks."

Xiao Xianglin looked at Chen Xiang, she knew that Chen Xiang had many clever ideas.

Chen Xiang only frowned. He had not seen those huge rocks yet, so he naturally did not know how to obtain the Tao-creation’s incantation.

"Then is Luo Jiuyang also near those huge rocks?" Chen Xiang wanted to quickly find the Super Yang Old Ancestor so that Qin Shuang could meet his grandfather.

"Originally ... But two days ago, he suddenly disappeared. " Ding Yuhai’s words caused both Xiao Xianglin and Xiao Xianglin to be shocked.

"He suddenly disappeared?" Xiao Xianglin asked: "Where did you go?"

At this time, Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin had already seen a few small hills in the distance, they were huge rocks that contained Legendary mantra s, seven big rocks were placed together, many people surrounded the huge rock, sat cross-legged and used their consciousness to enter the big rock, trying to obtain Legendary mantra s.

"Clan Elder Gu Tong said that Luo Jiuyang suddenly went into the boulder. He’s about to obtain the Legendary mantra." Ding Yuhai laughed bitterly: "This is just Elder Gu Tong’s guess."

Chen Xiang and the others had already arrived beside the boulder, and were quietly exploring its secrets. Chen Xiang looked over, and saw Gu Tong.

Gu Tong looked like a thirteen-fourteen year old teenager, who was very recognizable. He had a young, tender and handsome white face, and was an extremely delicate and pretty boy. On the surface, he looked like a youth, but he was indeed an old fellow who had lived for an unknown amount of time.

"Xiao Shuangshuang, does Gu Tong know you?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I don’t know him." Qin Shuang was still in You Yao Mountain Villa, but Luo Jiuyang was not there, and she did not plan to come out either. She was a little excited, because her grandfather was right here.

Chen Xiang looked at the stones, and said in a low voice: "Up until now, only Luo Jiuyang has entered the stones?"

Ding Yuhai nodded.

Chen Xiang, Xiao Xianglin and the two female slaves were already sitting cross-legged. They planned to give it a try, but just as they were about to do so, a rock suddenly shook, releasing a weak red light.

"Old Camel!" Gu Tong was surprised, and anxiously shouted: "How is it?"

Chen Xiang already saw Luo Jiuyang, it was a white haired old man with a long beard. He laughed and stroked his beard: "Success, I’ve obtained the Legendary mantra!"

Luo Jiuyang looked kind and benevolent, but when she approached him, she could feel the pressure and pressure from that incomparable power.

"You old fellow, to think that you were the first to successfully obtain the Legendary mantra." Gu Tong was extremely jealous and curled his lips: "Quickly tell me, what kind of Legendary mantra is that?"

The Leader s of the ten sects and the big shots of several forces all came over, they were also very curious.

"I still don’t know the specific function of this kind of Legendary mantra. I’ll need a period of time to master it." Luo Jiuyang laughed: "There are a total of eighteen Legendary mantra s, how can they be so easy to master?"

There were actually eighteen strokes! Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin were both shocked, nine strokes of the Tao-creation’s Incantation was extremely difficult for Chen Xiang to control, let alone 18.

A huge boulder suddenly crumbled into pieces. This was also the boulder that Luo Jiuyang obtained from the Legendary mantra.

Luo Jiuyang continued to sit cross-legged. When everyone saw this, they all felt unhappy, because Luo Jiuyang had already obtained a type of Legendary mantra and he still wanted to continue obtaining it. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"Old Camel, you’re not being nice like this!" The Cang Soul Sect said.

"Why not?" Luo Jiuyang asked.

"You have already obtained a Tao-creation Incantation." The voices of the Mortal Life Sect Leader s carried a hint of bitterness.

After Gu Tong heard their words, he snorted and said: "Without Old Camel, what do you know of the Legendary mantra here? If I tell you about this and bring you here, wouldn’t this be considered being kind?"

Luo Jiuyang smiled slightly: "If you want to obtain Legendary mantra, then you need a certain amount of luck. I brought you here, it’s equivalent to sharing a great opportunity with you, is that not enough?"

Luo Jiuyang and Gu Tong’s strength were extremely terrifying, and Dragon-Elephant School and Tao-creation School shared a common enemy. They were not the same, but if they were to fight, the other sects would only watch with folded arms.

"Did these young people just arrive? Why haven’t I seen them before? " Luo Jiuyang noticed Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin. His memory was very good, and he had a good impression of how many people were inside the barrier.

"Senior Luo, yes! They accidentally passed through the barrier, and then, they arrived here. " Ding Yuhai replied: "They are disciples of the Dragon-Elephant School."

"That girl is indeed from our Dragon-Elephant School." Dragon-Elephant School frowned, "Xiang Luan, your parents treat you as a treasure. They already ordered for you to not be allowed to come, and sent people to guard outside the mountain range to block you! You actually managed to get here, what exactly is going on? "

Gu Tong said: "Aside from the full moon, it’s not easy to pass through the barrier at any other time. I don’t believe that some kind of coincidence would allow you to pass through the barrier!"