Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Just as she was panicking, she looked at Chen Xiang. Chen Xiang was unexpectedly calm, as if there was nothing wrong with him.

"Actually, we didn’t come in by accident. We were moved in by something." Chen Xiang opened his mouth and said, "Master’s parents did not permit her to come, but we were curious. We planned to go closer to the barrier to take a look, but didn’t expect to see something transparent beside it."

and Luo Jiuyang looked at each other. They knew what it was and they had met it before.

"I wonder if that thing was trying to eat us. It seemed to have used a strong power of space to teleport us in." Chen Xiang said.

"That thing’s speed is very fast, and it also knows the power of space. How did you come here? The edge of the barrier is very far from here. " Gu Tong asked: "Also, there was a huge explosion outside previously, I wonder if it has anything to do with you guys?"

"We flew here." Xiao Xianglin said: "Our flying speed is not slow and we are hiding our auras. That thing cannot sense us and we can only use trees to continuously teleport ... It’s a very strange method of teleportation. "

"We were chased very closely. In the end, I used the Crystal emperor s that were engraved with the Sound Wave Incantation and the Increase spell to scare that thing away."

Gu Tong nodded his head: "No wonder your voice is so loud, it turns out to be a sonic wave incantation. You seem young, your grasp over the Tao-creation’s incantations is not bad! And you have a disciple. Your disciple’s strength is quite average. "

, as the new disciple of the Dragon-Elephant School, had even taken Xiao Xianglin as his master and possessed the Dragon Soul. As the Leader of the Dragon-Elephant School, he was definitely aware of these things.

"Brother Gu, this brat has the Dragon Soul ..." When he was sparring with a disciple of the Mortal Life Sect, he shattered that disciple’s Tao-creation Divine Sword with one slash. " The Leader of the Dragon-Elephant School laughed.

He already knew about this matter, he never expected that it would be the brat in front of him, who caused his Mortal Life Sect to lose a Tao-creation Divine Weapon!

"Also, Xiang Luan’s talent is exceptional, her speed of learning Tao-creation’s incantations is extremely fast. At such a young age, she has already mastered more than thirty of the Tao-creation’s incantations." Dragon-Elephant School said again.

This surprised both Luo Jiuyang and Gu Tong. This was indeed a good seedling.

"Hmph, so what if my Inherent Skill is good? You all are not willing to give me Fusion spell s of the third step and above, even Space mantra s aren’t willing to learn! We were originally of the same generation, but I was the last. " Xiao Xianglin said as she scoffed, "The other Tao-creation incantations are all incantations that I learned in secret, and have nothing to do with Dragon-Elephant School."

Dragon-Elephant School laughed out loud. "Even Dragon-Elephant School’s disciples have to compete to obtain the Fusion spell, your parents do not allow you to compete, so this has nothing to do with me!"

"I don’t care, I just want to learn a Legendary mantra this time." Xiao Xianglin nearly choked on his words.

Chen Xiang’s learning speed of the Tao-creation’s incantation was extremely terrifying. Chen Xiang had already seen it before, he had also told Xiao Xianglin before to let her learn more of the Tao-creation’s incantation.

Chen Xiang glanced at Luo Jiuyang, wanting to secretly send a sound transmission to Luo Jiuyang, but to no avail. Luo Jiuyang seemed to have already protected his own Divine Sense Sea, and did not casually receive other people’s voice transmission.

However, Luo Jiuyang could feel that someone was sending a sound transmission to him, and he glanced at Chen Xiang as well.

Although Chen Xiang failed his sound transmission, he continued to persevere.

Luo Jiuyang didn’t know why, but the young man in front of him wanted to send a sound transmission to him.

"Young man, what’s the matter?" Luo Jiuyang asked Chen Xiang through sound transmission.

"Senior, I came from the Divine Wasteland, then went to there. After finding out about Senior’s situation, I repaired myself in the Spirit of Divine Alter, met your granddaughter, and went back to the Ancient Fire Divine Sect ... After passing through the World Defying Stage Soul River and following the Transmission array left behind by senior, I have finally arrived at this place. " Chen Xiang said a string of words.

Luo Jiuyang was completely shocked. He never thought that there would actually be someone from his homeland coming to find him. It had to be known that back then, he and Gu Tong had also come here after experiencing countless difficulties.

"Young man, did you encounter that transparent thing before? Can you tell me more about it? This thing is very powerful! " Luo Jiuyang said, he had already reached Chen Xiang’s side and grabbed his shoulders.

"Of course you can!" Chen Xiang laughed, then followed Luo Jiuyang and left.

The others didn’t think much of it, because they had heard that there was a mysterious, transparent creature outside who was very powerful. Only Gu Tong noticed something, but did not immediately ask.

Luo Jiuyang brought Chen Xiang into a forest and entered a big tree’s cave. After setting up the array formation, Chen Xiang released Qin Shuang.

"Grandfather!" When Qin Shuang saw Luo Jiuyang, the stubborn her couldn’t help but shed tears and threw herself into Luo Jiuyang’s embrace.

"Little girl ..." Luo Jiuyang also didn’t think that he would actually meet his own granddaughter.

"Grandpa, why haven’t you come back after such a long time?" Qin Shuang complained in a low voice: "I have already been killed once, luckily I can be reborn."

"I’m sorry, but since grandfather came here, he doesn’t want to go back." When Luo Jiuyang heard that his granddaughter had already died once, he also felt heartache. However, seeing that his granddaughter was still standing here, he felt more at ease.

Although there were a lot of things to say, Qin Shuang did not say them, as they were, after all, people who had continuously trained in order to obtain a strong power, and had experienced tens of thousands of years, so it was not easy to meet them.

Luo Jiuyang looked at Chen Xiang, he did not expect Chen Xiang to bring his granddaughter here, and Chen Xiang was only at the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, to have such abilities, causing him to instantly have a whole new level of respect for Chen Xiang.

"It looks like you’re making up the story of how you entered the barrier." Luo Jiuyang laughed.

"Indeed, I can’t tell such things to so many people, can I?" Chen Xiang spread his hands, feeling helpless. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"Grandfather, what kind of place is this Tao-creation Place?" Qin Shuang had always had doubts about this.

"It’s the Tao-creation Place ... I’m not sure myself, I only heard about it, but there are all kinds of Tao-creation incantations! I don’t know how these Tao-creation Incantations were born, but in short, these Tao-creation Incantations can gather energy and then create a world, creating a Myriad Tao. " Luo Jiuyang said, "In my early years, it was due to luck that I managed to grasp some of the Tao-creation’s incantation, which was why I was able to create nine suns and refine a large amount of Myriad Tao Divine Soil and Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals."

"Then why is Grandmother afraid of this side?" Qin Shuang asked again.

"She was mainly worried about the World Defying Stage Soul River’s endless amount of Madness soul ... Actually, World Defying Stage Soul River is a kind of Legendary mantra. It can release the power of Madness soul and nurture a World Defying Stage Fierce Soul. " Luo Jiuyang said: "Those thread-like World Defying Stage Soul River you saw above Myriad Tao were the Tao-creation’s incantations."

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!

inclusion = " /fragment/6/3236.html ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidccc; padding: 15px20px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {margin: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tMicrosoft Yahoo; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; mardin-bottom: 5px;}

Scan the left side of the 2-D code or copy the link below immediately to download the game, and start a new journey with the Dragon Brothers. Download link: http://t.cn/RyvytIq Dragon Sacrifice: World is waiting for you to come and fight. You will receive the 10,000 yuan cash prize, the author’s signature gift, and so on. Newly registered users can participate in the event by sending a screenshot of the user to Feng Qingyang’s WeChat official account.