Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

readx;

Chen Xiang had indeed seen the World Defying Stage Soul River in the sky before, but he never thought that it was actually formed from the Tao-creation’s Incantation. Read the full text of the latest chapter (Advertisement). More recent chapter access: ww.

"Only one. This Tao-creation Incantation is too simple! " Chen Xiang said: "Didn’t Senior just obtain eighteen Legendary mantra s?"

"The World Defying Stage Soul River you saw was just a small section of the Tao-creation’s incantation lit up. The rest of the incantations that were not lit up were already hidden, so it looks like a line." Luo Jiuyang said, "A few World Defying Stage Soul River s were formed by a single Tao-creation Incantation, so this Tao-creation Incantation should be one of the nine Ancient Incantation."

"Ancient incantation?" Qin Shuang had already learnt the Tao-creation’s Incantation, but it was the simplest first layer of the Ancient Incantation.

"Even the first Tao-creation Incantation was the scariest, transforming into various forms and blending into the Myriad Tao. Right now, only the first World Defying Stage Soul River Incantation can be seen, everything else is already gone." Luo Jiuyang sighed in great pity, "Right now, I can only learn from it by going to look for the Legendary mantra, to see if I can piece together the primordial runes, or by sensing the existence of the primordial runes through the Legendary mantra."

"Shuang’er, do you want to travel around this Tao-creation Place with me in the future?" Luo Jiuyang asked with a smile.

Qin Shuang had already made up her mind before this. She shook her head. The reason she came here to find Grandfather was only to make sure that her relative was still alive and was doing well.

Because there had been rumors saying that her grandfather had already died, she did not believe it, so she wanted to find her grandfather.

Qin Shuang shook her head. She decided to follow Chen Xiang because she felt that within the Tao-creation Place, only when she was with Chen Xiang could she steadily grow stronger. If she followed her grandfather, it would only be a burden to her grandfather. Moreover, she was very happy inside the You Yao Mountain Villa. With someone as her companion and Chen Xiang’s Time Domain, she could earn a lot of time to cultivate.

Luo Jiuyang was not surprised at all, he nodded: "Just this point alone is enough for him to make me feel at ease."

Just as Luo Jiuyang and the rest were talking, Gu Tong’s voice came out from outside: "Old Luo, something’s happened. What are you guys doing inside?"

Luo Jiuyang immediately pulled away from the array, allowing him to enter from the outside. He saw Qin Shuang here.

"This is my grandson. This brat brought my grandson here from Divine Wasteland to find me." Luo Jiuyang was extremely happy as he laughed.

Gu Tong was Luo Jiuyang’s good friend, so he naturally knew about Luo Jiuyang having a grandson. He was also very surprised, and looked at Chen Xiang with extreme shock. He knew how difficult it was to come to this place from the Divine Wasteland, and how many worlds he would have to experience to pass through.

"Uncle Gu, what’s the matter?" Qin Shuang politely asked.

"Yes, yes, yes ... It’s that. Your master. " Gu Tong looked at Chen Xiang, and anxiously said: "Your master went into a rock!"

"What?" Chen Xiang was also shocked, he was actually able to get onto a rock, which meant that Xiao Xianglin was about to learn a type of Legendary mantra.

"This little girl is really something." Even though Luo Jiuyang was surprised, he still laughed brightly: "I never thought that she would actually be able to learn one of the Legendary mantra."

Xiao Xianglin had previously breathlessly said that she wanted to learn a type of Legendary mantra, and now she had succeeded.

"Shuang’er, do you want to try?" Luo Jiuyang asked.

Qin Shuang shook her head. She knew Xiao Xianglin had the talent to learn the Tao-creation’s Incantation, so she did not find it strange that Xiao Xianglin could obtain the Legendary mantra’s acknowledgement so quickly. Furthermore, the speed at which she could learn the Tao-creation’s Incantation was very slow.

As Qin Shuang entered the You Yao Mountain Villa, she did not want to reveal herself. Luo Jiuyang and Gu Tong did not say anything either. Qin Shuang’s cultivation was weak, so it would be safer to hide.

Chen Xiang followed Luo Jiuyang and the others to the side of the gigantic rocks and saw Xiao Xianglin.

"You’re out so soon? Did you get the Legendary mantra? " After Luo Jiuyang finished asking his questions, a huge boulder suddenly shattered. This was the rock that Xiao Xianglin had walked in earlier, and now that it was broken, it meant that Xiao Xianglin had taken the Legendary mantra inside.

Xiao Xianglin laughed: "I got it, I still don’t know what kind of incantation it is!"

Chen Xiang looked at the Leader and the powerhouses, as well as the elders that they had brought with them. All of them were so jealous that their eyes were red like a rabbit’s.

Although the Dragon and Elephant Leader s did not learn it, he was very pleased with himself because Xiao Xianglin was his, Dragon and Elephant Sect’s.

After Xiao Xianglin sat down with his legs crossed, the of the Mortal Life Cavern shouted. "Wait, you’ve already obtained one, you can’t continue any further!"

The Leader s of the Cang Soul Sect also hurriedly supported him, and at this time, the other s and powerhouses of the various sects also nodded their heads. They had already experienced Xiao Xianglin’s terrifying talent, and in just a few moments, a Legendary mantra had been taken away by Xiao Xianglin.

"Forget it, I’ve already gotten one! And amongst you all, there will definitely be a large half that will not be able to obtain the Legendary mantra. " Xiao Xianglin was extremely pleased, but she was also very satisfied. After all, she was just a junior, and wasn’t like Luo Jiuyang who brought everyone to search for Legendary mantra s. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

These old fellows were all secretly jealous of Xiao Xianglin’s words. Out of their dozen or so sect Leader s and more than twenty powerful elders, only five of them managed to obtain the Legendary mantra in the end.

"Continue." Gu Tong said, he was anxious, if he did not get a Legendary mantra, he would be laughed at, at least he was a dignified great Master Refiner.

Xiao Xianglin watched from afar and finally, Chen Xiang could be considered to have officially started to feel these Legendary mantra Stones. There were only five huge boulders left and he hoped to be able to obtain one of them.

Chen Xiang suddenly opened his eyes, only to see a huge boulder releasing a strong attractive force, and immediately sucking Gu Tong in.

Another person had obtained the Tao-creation’s incantation, and the opportunities were becoming fewer and fewer. All of the Leader were extremely anxious.

It took Gu Tong a relatively long time to get in, so it only took three days. Now, everyone felt even more that Xiao Xianglin’s talent was terrifying.

Gu Tong came out from within with a very satisfied smile on his face. Then, he distanced himself from the boulders and gave the opportunity to others.

There were only four pieces of the stone array left!

Not long after Gu Tong came out, Luo Jiuyang was sucked into another huge boulder, causing everyone to curse in their hearts. Luo Jiuyang actually obtained two Legendary mantra!

A day after Luo Jiuyang went in, the Tao-creation s also went in, followed by the Mortal Life Sect’s Leader s!

A few days had passed, and those who had entered the stone had all come out, leaving only one stone behind!

Luo Jiuyang had obtained two Legendary mantra, Xiao Xianglin and the other four Leader s were from each of them, leaving behind only one gigantic boulder!

Luo Jiuyang also did not participate in the battle any longer. He and the others who had obtained the Legendary mantra watched from afar.

...