Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Xiao Xianglin had already obtained a Legendary mantra. She, Luo Jiuyang and the others looked from afar, only leaving behind a giant boulder. She really hoped that Chen Xiang could obtain this last Legendary mantra.

"Seems like the main point of obtaining the Legendary mantra’s recognition is to see one’s comprehension towards the Tao-creation’s incantations." Luo Jiuyang said: "This girl’s perception is very high, so she is the fastest to obtain it! We old fellows have studied the Tao-creation’s incantations for many years, so our comprehension is not bad. It is only a matter of time before we get the approval of the Legendary mantra. "

Xiang’er said in a low voice: "Doesn’t that mean that Chen Xiang has no hope of obtaining the Legendary mantra?"

Yu’er sighed: "Chen Xiang’s learning speed of the Tao-creation’s incantations is rather slow. He doesn’t have much comprehension towards the Tao-creation’s incantations, he used a lot of time to comprehend the incantations."

The Mortal Life Sect Leader laughed coldly: "Women’s perspective, you actually think that brat has a chance of obtaining the Legendary mantra? He was just here to join in the fun... Do you know how many young disciples are here? However, after they tried, they gave up. That is because they knew very well that it was impossible to obtain Legendary mantra. "

Xiao Xianglin was not happy, he snorted: "You look down on me? This lady obtained the Legendary mantra before you. In that case, you’re not even better than me! "

Gu Tong laughed: "Girl, your disciple’s comprehension towards the Tao-creation’s incantations is not good enough, this is the truth! "You are born with extremely high comprehension ability. You are much stronger than all of us, and we admit that."

Luo Jiuyang nodded: "Chen Xiang should not have any hope anymore!"

... ....

The Tao-creation’s incantations formed a maze around him. The moment his spirit energy entered the maze, it was difficult to find the exit for him. If he wanted to enter the huge boulder with his spirit energy, he had to let his spirit energy through the maze.

If you give me a certain amount of time, that would be no problem at all. But right now, time waits for no one, if I cannot quickly let my mental power through this maze, then others will obtain the Legendary mantra, and at that time, I will have no chance anymore. "Su Yun said in a low voice.

Chen Xiang was extremely anxious. He had obtained this opportunity for the Legendary mantra and this was an extremely rare opportunity, if he were to miss it, he did not know when it would happen.

Just as Chen Xiang was at his wit’s end, he suddenly thought of the Ah Hu he had previously subdued!

"Ah Hu, you were originally formed by a Legendary mantra, can you help me enter that huge boulder?" Chen Xiang and Ah Hu communicated with each other.

Ah Hu responded quickly.

"Master, I can help you. You need me to temporarily fuse with your Spirit power." Ah Hu’s voice sounded out in Chen Xiang’s mind.

"No problem, let’s hurry up!" Chen Xiang cursed himself for forgetting the tiger, if not he would have succeeded long ago.

Ah Hu released his mental force. He had already established the Master-servant Contract s with Chen Xiang so his mental force could sense each other. Ah Hu was an extremely powerful Fusion spell life form, easily merging with Chen Xiang’s mental force.

Chen Xiang let Ah Hu’s mental energy bring him through the maze formed by the Tao-creation’s Incantation. Not long after, his mental energy smoothly passed through the maze.

Chen Xiang only felt that after his spirit energy had passed through the maze, his body had suddenly become light and graceful, and then he felt a strong suction force pulling him away!

When Luo Jiuyang and the others saw the boulder tremble, their eyes opened wide. They did not expect that it was Chen Xiang who was sucked in by the boulder.

"This ..." Gu Tong only felt a stinging pain on his cheek, because before, he had said with absolute certainty that Chen Xiang no longer had any hope.

If it wasn’t him, Luo Jiuyang and the other elders were the same!

"Haha ..." As expected of my disciple Xiao Xianglin, we both received Legendary mantra s. " Xiao Xianglin giggled happily.

Luo Jiuyang and the rest were fine, they only felt that it was a little embarrassing that their previous conclusion had been overturned. After all, they were people who had obtained the Legendary mantra.

As for those Leader s and elders who did not receive their Legendary mantra, their intestines had turned green. They were cursing Xiao Xianglin and Chen Xiang in their hearts, but these two brats who suddenly popped out, took their two spots.

Of course, with the exception of the Dragon-Elephant School, because Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin were both disciples of their Dragon-Elephant School, he naturally had a very happy smile on his face.

"Aiya, the disciples of our Dragon-Elephant School are really powerful. The Dragon-Elephant School laughed nonstop, especially when he saw those people whose faces turned green without obtaining the Legendary mantra. He laughed even more complacently.

"This is fate!" Dragon-Elephant School laughed: "If I don’t get it, then I don’t. There is nothing to complain about, I have already made the appointment."

Those people cursed silently in their hearts. Two of the Dragon-Elephant School’s disciples had obtained Legendary mantra, if two of their disciples from their sect had obtained Legendary mantra, they would not complain about it, and will laugh even more happily.

"Alright, let’s wait for the little devil to come out, then we can leave!" Gu Tong said: "We no longer need to enter the main group."

Xiao Xianglin was complacent in his heart, if not for the fact that she and Chen Xiang had snuck in, he would have come out before the full moon even started.

"When that time comes, you can leave. We will continue to stay here." Luo Jiuyang suddenly said.

"Old Luo, is there something else hidden here?" a man asked hurriedly.

"I don’t know either. I only found this place previously, I didn’t explore it in detail." Luo Jiuyang said: This place is filled with dangers, if we are not careful, we could end up here, so you all want to continue exploring here, make sure to make preparations.

"Old Luo, are you trying to scare us? What’s so scary about this place? I don’t see anything amazing about it. Could it be that transparent thing? " said. He was very disappointed that he did not obtain the Legendary mantra, so he wanted to stay and see if he could find the Legendary mantra.

"I’m just telling you guys first, so that you won’t blame me if you die in the future." Luo Jiuyang stroked his long beard and laughed.

How could they blame him if he died? Over ten old fellows decided to continue exploring this area.

Originally, they thought that they would have to wait for two days before Chen Xiang would come out.

Right now, there was only a complicated Legendary mantra in Chen Xiang’s mind. This could be considered as having obtained a Legendary mantra, as for what kind of Legendary mantra it was, even he himself was not clear, and only he would know if it was condensed. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"Why are you so fast?" Xiao Xianglin felt that Chen Xiang was extremely abnormal. She was very clear about Chen Xiang’s ability to comprehend the runes on the Tao-creation.