Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The reason why Chen Xiang could come out so quickly was all because of Ah Hu’s help. Ah Hu was extremely familiar with these Legendary mantra, and in an instant, he could help Chen Xiang merge the Legendary mantra into his memories. Read the full text of the latest chapter. More recent chapter access: ww.

"I don’t know either. I just came out in a daze." Chen Xiang said.

Although everyone doubted Chen Xiang’s words, they could not do anything about it as they could not explain the situation Chen Xiang was in.

"We will remove the barrier and bring you out of it." Luo Jiuyang said.

"They are going to continue exploring this place." Xiao Xianglin immediately explained to Chen Xiang: "Let’s honestly go back and learn Legendary mantra. I already can’t wait to see what abilities that Legendary mantra has."

Chen Xiang nodded his head. Although Xiao Xianglin had spoken very earnestly, he didn’t know why, but it was as if he could hear what Xiao Xianglin was thinking. His meaning was to first leave, then run in and explore for a while.

"Alright, let’s go back now." Luo Jiuyang himself had already obtained two Legendary mantra, and upon seeing his own grandson, his face brimmed with a joyous smile.

Some people were happy while others were worried. Those people who did not obtain the Legendary mantra, were the most unhappy, mainly because two kids had obtained it and seized their chance. This made them the most uncomfortable, but they could not do anything about it, they could not even complain.

This time, Chen Xiang and the others followed the big team out, and were extremely at ease. If something really powerful really did appear, they did not have to worry, with Luo Jiuyang and Gu Tong here, it would be easy to take care of them.

Two days later, they arrived at the edge of the barrier. It was not easy for them to exit from the barrier, but Luo Jiuyang had used an array disc to open a hole for them to exit from.

The outside of the barrier had long since been filled with people. Because they had already seen a large group of people at the peak of the mountain, they all rushed over.

When Xiao Hengyong saw Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin coming out, he and his wife immediately rushed over.

Previously, on the road, Xiao Xianglin had told the Dragon Elephant Leader to help him stop her parents.

Just as Xiao Hengyong rolled up his sleeves, the Dragon Elephant Leader walked over hastily and smiled: "Congratulations, Brother Xiao, Sister. You didn’t know that Xiang Luan and his little disciple each obtained a Legendary mantra ... Aiya, even I do not have the chance to get the Legendary mantra, but they did. "

"Hur hur, isn’t it!" Tao-creation also walked over and laughed: "There are only a total of seven Legendary mantra, but those two brats got two!"

When Xiao Hengyong and Ning Qian heard this, their strained faces immediately turned into smiles, and they continuously stroked Xiao Xianglin’s head. "This is a good thing!"

The husband and wife were elders from the Dragon Elephant Sect, so they naturally knew what a Legendary mantra meant, and out of the seven, Xiao Xianglin and Xiao Xianglin had already gotten two. Wouldn’t that mean that out of the ten sects’ Leader s, as well as the many big shots from the various families of the Dragon Controlling Palace, most of them had not obtained any Legendary mantra s?

Xiao Xianglin had originally planned to sneak in with Chen Xiang after they came out. However, it seemed that it was impossible now, they would definitely be watched thoroughly.

Just like this, Xiao Xianglin and Chen Xiang followed the large group of people from the Dragon and Elephant Mountain Range and returned to the Dragon and Elephant Gate.

Because Xiao Xianglin was restricted by her parents, she didn’t participate in the dangerous Fusion spell s’ competition, so her strength had been greatly restricted. Now that she had obtained the Legendary mantra s, it could be said that she was proud and arrogant.

Even their Dragon Elephant s could not get it, but Xiao Xianglin and Chen Xiang did!

"Father, Mother, I told Chen Xiang before that I would take him to gain experience ... He lacks battle experience, so I plan to take him to hunt Fury beast s of similar cultivation level. " Xiao Xianglin said to Xiao Hengyong.

Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin sat in Xiao Hengyong’s cart, with the eight dragon elephants pulling them.

"This won’t do, if he wants to increase his combat experience, wait until he steps into the World Defying Stage Divine Rank. Right now, it’s useless for him to increase his combat experience as the Fury beast s he goes to fight are all on par with him, not the World Defying Stage Divine Rank." Xiao Hengyong rejected her.

Previously, when Chen Xiang brought Xiao Xianglin and ran away, it made Xiao Hengyong and Ning Qian be on guard. They all knew that Chen Xiang had a lot of tricks up his sleeve.

Seeing the complexions of Xiao Hengyong and Ning Qian, Chen Xiang could foresee that once they returned to the Dragon Elephant Gate, they would definitely be watched thoroughly.

Chen Xiang did not want to be constantly restricted, so he was thinking of a way.

Xiao Xianglin also knew that her parents would be more strict with her in the future. She felt extremely helpless. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Good disciple, I’m sorry, master has implicated you!" Xiao Xianglin could guess that her parents would also definitely "discipline" Chen Xiang severely in the future.

"It’s fine, we’ll do whatever it takes!" Chen Xiang smiled and replied: "But Master, you have to compensate me something, right?"

"How about I gift you Xiang’er and Yu’er?" Xiao Xianglin laughed, "These two girls seem to really like you too."

"How can this be enough?" It’s more or less the same as sending me off with you. " Chen Xiang teased.

Xiao Xianglin glared fiercely at Chen Xiang: "You bad boy, the beauty in your Six Realms mirrors is no worse than me, you’re actually still thinking about me ... And also Luo Jiuyang’s grandson! "

"Xiao Shuangshuang and I are only friends! As for the women in the Six Realms mirrors ... That poisonous woman has nothing to do with me, and I am enemies with her. It’s just that, because of a few things, we are cooperating with each other. " Chen Xiang explained.

"Hmph, if my parents were to find out that you, as their disciple, had the intention to harm Master, I guarantee that they would immediately press you to death." Xiao Xianglin sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang with a smile.

Chen Xiang curled his lips. He was only joking with Xiao Xianglin.

Late at night, the carriage suddenly stopped.

Xiao Hengyong and Ning Qian’s face darkened. Obviously something bad had happened.

"Father, mother, what’s wrong?" Xiao Xianglin asked anxiously.

"There are a lot of people ahead who want to stop us. I wonder who it is. " Xiao Hengyong said: "I’ll have the carriage land on the ground."

If there were many people blocking them in the air, then there was only one possibility, and that was the Dragon Controlling Palace!

"It’s the Dragon Controlling Palace!" Ning Xi frowned. "What are these guys trying to do?"

Xiao Hengyong and the others were the fastest, so they were not with the large group and continued to fly in the air.

After the carriage landed on the ground, Xiao Hengyong’s face became serious: "There are ten of them in total, all of them from the Late period of World Defying magic realm, they are a bit difficult to deal with!"

Xiao Hengyong walked out of the carriage, came outside and shouted loudly: "What business do you Dragon Controlling Gods have?"

"We would like to invite our two young friends to the Dragon Controlling Palace for a seat." A Dragon Controlling Gods dressed in black spoke.

Xiao Hengyong and the others immediately understood that the reason they were here was for their Legendary mantra.

...