Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

Xiao Hengyong never thought that the Dragon Controlling Palace would actually want to abduct Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin, and then think of a way to obtain their Legendary mantra. 800). More recent chapter access:.

"Aren’t you worried about the conflict between the Dragon Elephant Sect and the Dragon Controlling Palace?" Xiao Hengyong did not want to fight anymore, their husband would naturally be able to handle the ten Dragon Controlling Gods s, but with Chen Xiang and Chen Xiang here, it would not be easy for them to protect the juniors.

"We are not the Dragon Controlling Palace’s ... Because from now on, we have already been expelled from the Dragon Controlling Palace. " The leading Dragon Controlling Gods laughed and said.

Their words were very clear, once these Dragon Controlling Gods were caught, they would refuse to admit that they were the ones who sent them, just to say that they had long been expelled from the Dragon Controlling Palace.

These ten Dragon Controlling Gods s in front of him were definitely death warriors of the Dragon Controlling Palace. For the sake of the Dragon Controlling Palace, they would even throw away their lives.

"Father, mother, why don’t we run first? Chen Xiang is really fast. " Xiao Xianglin said with a sound transmission.

Xiao Hengyong and the others did not doubt Chen Xiang’s ability to escape, which made them feel a lot more at ease.

"Alright, all of you hurry back to the gate of the Dragon Elephant Mountain. You can’t run all over the place." Xiao Hengyong said, but he could only allow Chen Xiang to escape, otherwise, if they were here, they would definitely be dragged down, and might even get kidnapped in the end.

Chen Xiang who was inside the carriage took out the Six Realms mirrors, and Xiang’er and Yu’er went in.

"Mom, you guys have to be careful." Xiao Xianglin was still a little worried.

"Silly girl, even if your parents can’t beat them, they won’t hurt you. You just need to return to the Dragon Elephant Gate safely!" Ning Qian lightly caressed Xiao Xianglin’s face, then sternly warned, "You must return to Dragon Elephant’s Gate, and don’t wander around everywhere. "Please get to 800 after reading the latest chapter in this book."

"Got it!" Xiao Xianglin nodded, and then entered the Six Realms mirrors with Xiang’er.

"Elder Ning, don’t worry!" Chen Xiang laughed.

When he entered the Six Realms mirrors and used Counter Power, the Six Realms mirrors had already become invisible, and its aura had disappeared completely. This made Ning Qian very surprised, and now she finally understood why Chen Xiang and the rest were able to leave quietly.

Chen Xiang controlled the Six Realms mirrors and it flew away silently. Ning Xi didn’t feel anything at all, she just reached out to fish for it, and only after confirming that the Six Realms mirrors was gone, was she able to relax. She also secretly exclaimed in her heart.

"They left. Did the guys outside not notice?" Ning Qian told Xiao Hengyong.

"I didn’t find anything!" Xiao Hengyong said, because he did not feel it either.

... ....

Inside the Six Realms mirrors, Xiao Xianglin was extremely angry: "Dragon Controlling Palace these bastards, I will definitely teach them a lesson, and actually want to snatch the Legendary mantra of my master and disciple from them. Once I learn this Legendary mantra and grasp great power, I will definitely let them know why ’Flower’ is so red!"

"Master, should we return to the gate now?" The Six Realms mirrors could only fly at a low altitude. He planned to let Xiao Xianglin help him refine it when he had the time, so that by joining the Flying mantra, the Six Realms mirrors would be able to fly at a higher altitude.

"No, go inside the barrier." Xiao Xianglin scoffed, "You clearly know what I mean, why are you asking so many questions!"

Chen Xiang grinned as the Six Realms mirrors flew towards the barrier.

"Is your Ah Hu better? When we get inside, we’ll need his help. " Xiao Xianglin asked.

"It’s almost done." Chen Xiang looked at Ah Hu’s condition. It was still okay, Ah Hu had merged with two Dragon horse and became a little stronger.

"Chen Xiang, Xiao Shuangshuang is not here. Where did she go, and Xiao Ke’er? They’ve never been here before, and she’s the only one here! " Xiao Xianglin pointed to He Fengyuan who was seated at the side.

"She’s. inside my Divine Sense Sea World. " Chen Xiang said: "You can’t go in!"

"Why is Xiao Shuangshuang able to do it?" Xiang’er stuck out her tongue: "Do you have some kind of unspeakable secret?"

"I have many secrets." Chen Xiang laughed.

"No, I want to go to that place." Xiao Xianglin pretended to be strict: "I am your master!"

Chen Xiang thought for a while, thinking that Xiao Xianglin had an astonishing Incantation of the Tao-creation, it would also be a good thing for her to teach the other ’girls’ in the You Yao Mountain Villa.

"Alright, I’ll let you guys in to play... "Remember, don’t mess around in there." Chen Xiang warned.

After Xiao Xianglin entered, she did not expect that there would be such a beautiful world inside. What was even more unexpected was that there were several peerless beauties inside, and all of these beauties had their own charisma.

Qin Shuang had seen Qin Shuang and her before, Su Meiyao, Bai Youyou and Long Xueyi, as well as a few of Mei Jing Sisters’s female core spirits, Xiao Xianglin had not seen any of them.

Qin Shuang introduced Su Meiyao and the others to them.

Now, Xiao Xianglin already knew that Su Meiyao, Bai Youyou, and Long Xueyi were all his wives, and couldn’t help but curse Chen Xiang in his heart. He already had several wives, but he still thought of her.

His disciple’s wife was also his disciple, but Xiao Xianglin couldn’t put on the airs of a master in front of Bai Youyou and the others. Especially the two girls, Bai Youyou and Su Meiyao, who had that kind of peerless temperament, made Xiao Xianglin secretly exclaim in his heart.

Although Xiang’er and Yu’er were very strong, they did not dare to underestimate Bai Youyou and Su Meiyao.

Of course, Long Xueyi, this sweet and cute girl, didn’t give them any pressure ... However, after they found out that Long Xueyi was a White Dragon, they were completely dumbstruck!

Real dragons were rare here, almost extinct. This was mainly caused by the hunting of humans, but according to the legends, powerful dragons still existed.

Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou calling Xiao Xianglin as master extremely cordially, which made Xiao Xianglin very happy as well. After that, he quickly ’approached’ them, and later on, she found out that Su Meiyao was refining a Crystal emperor, and using a Fusion spell at that. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

When Xiao Xianglin and the other two found out that the Crystal emperor s were formed from a young female Pill Spirit, they felt that their knowledge of the world was too little. To think that there was actually such a thing existing.

"Master, I need to learn more Fusion spell, otherwise, after the Crystal emperor and the Crystal emperor fuse, it will not be able to produce the highest quality." Su Meiyao was innately charming, and her coquettish actions were even more unbearable.

"Alright, alright, you’ve already called me master. I will naturally teach you." Xiao Xianglin laughed, she could not stand this kind of beauty either. She secretly praised Chen Xiang for being so fortunate to have such a few wives.

Chen Xiang was inside the Six Realms mirrors, and right now, he was thinking about how to find Peng profoundfei. When Peng profoundfei was taken away by Da Peng’s grandmother, he didn’t know whether or not he had come to this place.

The Six Realms mirrors was flying slowly, which could hide its presence even better. Initially, it was flying steadily, but suddenly a wave of Qi surged, causing the Six Realms mirrors to sway back and forth.

"So powerful, what’s going on?" Chen Xiang did not immediately tell Xiao Xianglin about this matter. Instead, he told the Six Realms mirrors to avoid the giant boulders that were constantly being blown over.

Those boulders came from the Headless Mountain Range. Many boulders from the Headless Mountain Range were blown into pieces. Countless rocks of different sizes and sizes swept over like waves, bringing along a horrifying thunderstorm.

"Could it be that there’s a problem with the barrier?" Chen Xiang felt that this was the only possibility.