Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Xiao Xianglin also felt it was strange, the enchantment was extremely sturdy, even if there was an intense battle erupting from inside, it would not be able to destroy the enchantment.

"From the looks of it, the barrier has been destroyed." Chen Xiang said, he continuously controlled his Six Realms mirrors and avoided the flying rocks of different sizes.

"Master, should we continue to go to the big barrier?" The Six Realms mirrors found it difficult to move, and in front of it were many rocks that were accompanied by a violent hurricane.

"Go, you have to be careful, your Six Realms mirrors shouldn’t be that easy to destroy, right?" Xiao Xianglin said: "Something big might have happened over there."

Chen Xiang was also very curious in his heart. Since Xiao Xianglin did not object, then he must go and take a look.

After Qin Shuang found out about the situation outside, she was extremely worried because her grandfather was inside.

Chen Xiang could see from the Six Realms mirrors that most of the headless mountains in front of them had been flattened. It could be seen how terrifying the energy wave that exploded out was.

Chen Xiang controlled the Six Realms mirrors to fly quickly towards the barrier. When he was inside the Six Realms mirrors, he could see the glowing clouds in the sky. This meant that the barrier was still there, but he did not know what had happened.

Half a day passed, and Chen Xiang had already arrived beside the barrier.

Xiao Xianglin came out from the You Yao Mountain Villa. When she saw the barrier, she took a deep breath and exclaimed: "This barrier is very weak, could it be related to the commotion from before?"

"That’s for sure!" Chen Xiang said: "The great barrier must have been struck by an extremely powerful force, which was the reason why it was able to erupt with such terrifying power."

"Let’s go, we have to go in and take a look." Ever since Xiao Xianglin had gained an in-depth understanding of Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors, she was even more at ease. Now, she understood Chen Xiang very well, and knew that Chen Xiang had many tricks up his sleeves that could guarantee her safety.

This time, and Chen Xiang did not even need to use Xiang’er and Yu’er to open the spatial formation of the Six Realms mirrors to open a gap for the Six Realms mirrors, allowing it to pass through the barrier.

"It’s much weaker. What’s the cause of it?" Inside the Six Realms mirrors, Xiao Xianglin looked inside the barrier. There were many flowers, plants and trees inside, but they were not affected by the huge commotion earlier. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"Could it be that the attack came from the outside?" Chen Xiang said: "There is no impact on this area!"

"We need to be careful. It could also be some sort of powerful energy that attacks the barrier from the inside and wants to break through it. However, that energy was absorbed by the barrier and then released by it." Xiao Xianglin said, she was more familiar with this kind of barrier.

Chen Xiang allowed the Six Realms mirrors to remain invisible as it slowly flew inside the barrier.

"Let’s go deeper in and take a look." Chen Xiang said: "Maybe Luo Jiuyang and the rest of the experts released something powerful."

Xiao Xianglin nodded her head, she completely agreed with Chen Xiang’s words. It was extremely difficult for people to enter or leave the place as a barrier had appeared, it was obvious that something was sealed inside.

"I just feel that it’s very strange. Why would this barrier weaken on the full moon’s night?" Xiao Xianglin said as he frowned.

This was also something that Chen Xiang was suspicious of before. He had asked Luo Jiuyang, but Luo Jiuyang didn’t know either.

The Six Realms mirrors slowly flew in the forest. Suddenly, with a bang, something suddenly fell from the sky, landing on the ground.

Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin could see it from the Six Realms mirrors. It was a ball of black stuff, and it was a burnt person!

"Still breathing!" Chen Xiang shouted in shock, "This guy’s smell is very familiar, I’ll go take a look!"

When Chen Xiang came out of hiding from the Six Realms mirrors and clearly sensed this person’s aura, he couldn’t help but be shocked.

"Dragon Elephant Leader!" Chen Xiang anxiously brought the burnt man into the Six Realms mirrors s, then made the Six Realms mirrors quickly leave. The Dragon Elephant Leader was an extremely strong existence here, it was an expert of the Peak of World Defying magic realm, yet it was burnt to a crisp.

Chen Xiang did not know if the thing was in his vicinity or if it would chase him, he just wanted to leave this place as soon as possible.

"Leader, Leader!" Xiao Xianglin felt that the situation was serious, Dragon-Elephant School was severely injured.

Chen Xiang hastily asked the Mei Jing Sisters to release a burst of majestic life force to stabilize the injuries of the Dragon and Elephant Leader.

A few days had passed, and Six Realms mirrors had been hiding under the root of a large tree for the past few days.

The Dragon Elephant Leader had already woken up. On the surface, there did not seem to be much, but his charred skin had already regenerated. However, his internal injuries were still not serious, especially in Divine Sense Sea.

"Leader, what’s going on? Who hurt you? " Xiao Xianglin saw that the Dragon Elephant Leader had woken up and asked anxiously.

The name of the Dragon and Elephant Leader was Yuan Zhiqing, and he was a very good elder.

"You two little brats ..." Why was it here? What are you guys doing in here? It’s very dangerous! " When Yuan Zhiqing saw that the young man from the Dragon-Elephant School had obtained the Legendary mantra, he became anxious.

"We were ambushed by the Dragon Controlling Palace on the way, my parents blocked them, let us escape first, then we arrived here. There was a very scary commotion earlier, the Headless Mountain Range was flattened by a very powerful force, what exactly happened here?" Xiao Xianglin said.

"Dragon Controlling Palace... He actually stopped you? Was it to catch you? " After Yuan Zhiqing heard this, he became extremely furious. As he was injured, he almost vomited blood.

Yuan Zhiqing coughed a few times, then sighed: "It’s all our fault, we got such an incredible fellow here."

"Incredible fellow?" Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin looked at each other, because this was their previous guess.

Fortunately, Luo Jiuyang and Gu Tong used an extremely strong spatial formation to teleport that person away. I was merely struck by the flame power that was exploded out from that guy and ended up like this. " Yuan Zhiqing said.

Xiao Xianglin was a Leader, and among all the fellows, Yuan Zhiqing was the strongest. However, he was actually severely injured by the aura, and burned like a dead pig.

"You little devils ..." Don’t spout nonsense when you get back, okay? " Seeing Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin’s shocked expressions, Yuan Zhiqing coughed a few times.

Xiao Xianglin laughed: "I understand Leader, now that you have been burnt to a crisp, we will definitely not talk about it anywhere, but you can’t tell my parents either, we came all the way here."

"No problem!" Yuan Zhiqing laughed, at this time, he had narrowly escaped death and was a lot more at ease.

"Leader, are your injuries serious?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It’s quite serious, but I have a Transmission array Plate that can protect my life, and can teleport back to the Dragon-Elephant School." Yuan Zhiqing took out an array disc and said, "Do you want to go back with me?"