Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin finally reached this place with great difficulty, of course they wouldn’t go back. Although it was very dangerous here, it seemed to be safer now.

"Not for the time being. We still want to walk around here." Xiao Xianglin said.

"Then you guys have to be careful." Yuan Zhiqing said, then looked around at his surroundings: "This should be inside a divine artifact, right? Let me out. "

Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin accompanied Yuan Zhiqing out of the Six Realms mirrors.

After Yuan Zhiqing saw the Six Realms mirrors, he praised, "Good stuff, with this thing protecting you guys, you guys will be safer. You all must not get into trouble, you all possess Legendary mantra, so in the future, you will be able to bring honor to our Dragon-Elephant School. If you can become strong, you might even be able to become a Leader in the future. "

"Alright, Leader, hurry up and go back. You’re not in a very good condition right now, and if something suddenly appears, you’ll be in great danger." Xiao Xianglin urged.

"Little girl, do you dislike me dragging you guys down?" Yuan Zhiqing curled his lips, and then enlarged the formation plate. He said with extreme pain: "Opening it once consumes twenty Crystal emperor s ... "Ah, ah, ah..."

When the array opened, Yuan Zhiqing and the array disc disappeared.

"Isn’t it just 20 Crystal emperor s? "What’s the big deal!" Chen Xiang scoffed, disagreeing.

"Of course you feel that it’s nothing. Your three Young girl Danling can create several of them every day, and twenty of them will only take a few days." Xiao Xianglin was extremely jealous. Although he could not sell those Crystal emperor s, they could be used by him.

Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin returned to the Six Realms mirrors, they wanted to continue investigating the place.

When Xiao Xianglin entered the You Yao Mountain Villa, she wanted to continue instructing Su Meiyao and the others on how to learn the Tao-creation’s Incantation. It had to be said that under her guidance, Su Meiyao and the others were enlightened and gained a better understanding of the Tao-creation’s Incantation.

Chen Xiang on the other hand, allowed the Six Realms mirrors to slowly fly.

"Ah Hu, what exactly is this place?" Chen Xiang asked. When Ah Hu was a Legendary mantra, he had stayed here for many years, so he should know a lot of things.

"First Tao-creation Ancestor’s Tomb!" Ah Hu said: "According to the memories in the depths of my soul, this should be the tomb of a First Tao-creation Ancestor."

Chen Xiang told Ah Hu what had just happened.

"What I know is only the memories in the depths of my soul, as for whether it is true, I am not too clear. I do not think that the First Tao-creation Ancestor would die that easily, but why did they create such a tomb, I do not know." Ah Hu said.

In the Tao-creation Place, there was actually some First Tao-creation Ancestor, it was clear that he was a very powerful being, Chen Xiang just wanted to walk around and see if he could find anything good.

After the Six Realms mirrors flew for half a day, Chen Xiang suddenly saw a person. It was the Mortal Life Sect’s Leader, Zhou Wensheng.

The one who was pierced was the Tao-creation School, Wan Haixu!

The Mortal Life Sect and the Tao-creation School were not on good terms, Xiao Xianglin had told Chen Xiang before!

Although Zhou Wensheng was also injured, he was not as seriously injured as Wan Haixu. Now that he had met Wan Haixu again, he felt that this was a good opportunity.

Once the Leader s of the Tao-creation School s were killed by him, even with Gu Tong taking charge, they would definitely decline for a period of time. His Mortal Life Sect would rise greatly in power because he had just obtained the Legendary mantra s.

Zhou Wensheng was one of the few Leader who could obtain Legendary mantra!

"I already knew that your Mortal Life Sect was not a good place, hmph!" Wan Haixu’s throat was bleeding, he said with difficulty: "Even if I die, your Mortal Life Sect will never be able to catch up to our Tao-creation School."

"Haha ..." After you die, who else is in Tao-creation School? Gu Tong? Gu Tong might already be dead, haha ... " Zhou Wensheng laughed out loud, and suddenly pulled out his sword, causing more blood to spurt out from Wan Haixu’s neck.

Zhou Wensheng laughed crazily, just as he was about to stab the sword, he felt a slight pain on his neck, he immediately realized that his neck had been slashed by a sharp sword, he anxiously used his hand to hold down his head, he did not want his head to fall, because his neck had already been cut by Chen Xiang’s sword, it was just that Chen Xiang’s speed was extremely fast, and his sword was extremely sharp, so in that moment, Zhou Wensheng did not feel anything.

Even if his head were to hit the ground, as long as he managed to reconnect in time, he would still be able to live. Although Wan Haixu’s throat was pierced, he was an expert of the Peak of World Defying magic realm.

"When they are the Leader s of the Mortal Life Sect, the Mortal Life Sect will be even more destitute." Xiao Xianglin had already come out of You Yao Mountain Villa with a sharp sword in his hand, as he laughed coldly.

Zhou Wensheng never thought that Xiao Xianglin would actually be here. He couldn’t help but think that maybe Xiao Xianglin’s parents were also here, that someone from the Dragon-Elephant School had returned!

He was very clear about the relationship between the Dragon-Elephant School and himself.

"Little girl, even if I am seriously injured, killing you will be as easy as flipping my palm." Zhou Wensheng turned around and slashed his sword towards Xiao Xianglin with lightning speed, but Xiao Xianglin dodged it.

Zhou Wensheng’s hand was still pressing down on his head, pressing down on his neck. At the same time, he operated his cultivation technique to connect the flesh and blood on his neck, quickly connecting them together, otherwise it would be extremely disadvantageous to him.

Zhou Wensheng slowly turned around, looked at Xiao Xianglin, and laughed coldly: "Little girl, you are only so-so. Earlier, I wasn’t paying attention, so you ambushed me instead. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Chen Xiang who was hiding in the back raised his Six Realms mirrors and smashed it fiercely onto Zhou Wensheng’s head. Originally, Zhou Wensheng’s head and neck had already separated, cut off by Chen Xiang earlier, but just as he was about to stick it back, Chen Xiang ruthlessly slapped his head, sending him flying.

After his head flew off, Xiao Xianglin laughed out loud. She used the sword to knock his head to the ground, and then used her foot to step on Zhou Wensheng’s head. She laughed: "I don’t even need to get close to you, I can still step on your dog head!"

Although his head and body were separated, Zhou Wensheng’s mind was extremely clear. He was furious, he did not expect there to be someone else, and that someone was hiding behind him.

Zhou Wensheng had already felt his body being burned by a strong flame, and he threw his body into the Tianchuang furnace to roast.

Xiao Xianglin waved his sword and was about to stab down, but Chen Xiang immediately shouted out: "Wait!"

Chen Xiang got Bai Youyou to come out from the You Yao Mountain Villa: "Sister You You, this guy has a Legendary mantra, go and see if you can get it or not."

"Alright!" Bai Youyou very roughly pressed his hand down on that head, then roughly used the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell. Earlier, when Zhou Wensheng was struck, Divine Sense Sea suffered heavy injuries, and his soul was also very weak.

Even if Bai Youyou’s cultivation was very low, she could still easily search through the memories of his soul.