Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Zhou Wensheng’s face contorted in pain, it could be seen how impolite she was to use the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell, since she was worried that it would devour her, so when she used the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell, she used her strongest soul attack to ravage Zhou Wensheng’s soul, making it easier for her to search through her memories.

Xiao Xianglin looked extremely surprised. She had already understood from Chen Xiang’s words just now that Bai Youyou was searching for the Legendary mantra within Zhou Wensheng’s soul.

"Alright!" Bai Youyou’s forehead was also drenched in sweat, she heaved a sigh of relief, to deal with someone with such a high cultivation level, it was pretty strenuous.

"Let me do it!" The second time Xiao Xianglin was preparing to attack, Tao-creation School who was crawling up shouted weakly as he walked over with a fan in hand.

"Alright!" Xiao Xianglin only felt a little regretful. After all, killing a Leader was something with a sense of accomplishment, although this kind of thing couldn’t be displayed everywhere.

Just as Wan Haixu was about to arrive, he suddenly fell. His injuries were severe, and Chen Xiang had already went over to take care of him.

"Let me do it!" Xiao Xianglin waved her sword and killed Zhou Wensheng in two to three strikes. She only felt that it was a pity, that such a thing could not be known, if it was spread out, it would bring a lot of face, but it would definitely bring about a lot of trouble.

"Girl, you ..." I should have done it. " Wan Haixu rested for a while and recovered some strength, but Zhou Wensheng had already been killed by Xiao Xianglin.

"It’s all the same, all the same." Xiao Xianglin laughed, "Thousand Leader, how are you right now?"

"Much better!" Wan Haixu sighed: "It’s really dangerous this time, I managed to escape death twice in a row."

"Is there any Leader that has been killed?" Xiao Xianglin asked as if she hated those Leader s.

"I’m not sure. In short, everyone should be around the same." Wan Haixu asked: "Why did you come in?"

"He has been in here for a long time. The Leader was injured earlier and was rescued by us. He has returned to the Dragon-Elephant School." Chen Xiang asked: "Thousand Leader, do you have that kind of Transmission array that allows one to return to the sect?"

"Of course there is. I will activate it now!" Do you want to come back with me? "It’s all thanks to you guys this time. Otherwise, I would have been killed by that guy." Wan Haixu took out an array disc. It seemed that they all had this kind of thing.

"No need to thank us ..." You should have a Tao-creation Holy stone, giving each of us one would be enough. " Xiao Xianglin laughed.

Wan Haixu almost vomited blood, but he still took out two Tao-creation Holy stone and passed it over to Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin with a pained expression.

"Oh right, you can’t just randomly talk about this!" Wan Haixu said: "Especially about the matter of me having my throat pierced by that guy!"

"I know, this is a very humiliating matter. We won’t talk about it." Xiao Xianglin nodded his head, "You can’t talk too much about the matter of us getting rid of that fellow ..."

"I understand, I understand!" Wan Haixu opened the array disc, and felt a wave of pain, because this would consume a lot of his Crystal emperor, but he did not have a choice. He did not know what would happen if he continued to stay here, but he was extremely weak right now, and he had to return to the Tao-creation School to recuperate.

After Wan Haixu left, Xiao Xianglin laughed complacently: "This time, it’s really a bountiful harvest!"

Chen Xiang obtained another Tao-creation Holy stone, he now had a total of four in total, and never had a chance to use the one he obtained previously.

"That’s right. It seems like we really did get it right." Chen Xiang laughed.

"It’s a pity that I didn’t ask Yuan Zhiqing for anything special, so I asked him to give me a few Crystal emperor as well." Xiao Xianglin thought about this with a face full of pain.

Chen Xiang thought of Huang Jintian. He remembered that Huang Jintian was also like this.

"The biggest gain is still the Legendary mantra that elder sister You You You obtained." Chen Xiang said: "As long as Sister You You You grasps that Legendary mantra, she can teach us."

"Yes, if that’s the case, then we can all learn three Legendary mantra. This is too awesome." Xiao Xianglin excitedly patted Chen Xiang’s shoulders.

"Let’s go, we’ll continue to take advantage of them." Xiao Xianglin laughed sinisterly: "But many of the Leader s here are severely injured, if they are in a better situation, we can save them. If they are in a bad situation, let Master take care of them, such as the Dragon Controlling Palace’s Palace Masters!"

"Alright!" Chen Xiang also hated Dragon Controlling Palace to the bone.

"It would be best if we could get Ah Hu to come out and look for someone from the Dragon Controlling Palace s." Chen Xiang’s eyes lit up as he laughed, "Ah Hu has merged with a Dragon horse and can sense the aura of a dragon. The hall master of Dragon Controlling Palace must have many dragons."

"If we capture the hall master of the Dragon Controlling Palace, we will definitely be able to reap many dragons ... We can use these dragons to cultivate even more dragons and elephants. " When Xiao Xianglin thought about this, he became extremely excited and immediately urged Chen Xiang to release Ah Hu.

After Chen Xiang released Ah Hu, Ah Hu quickly sensed his presence.

"Great, this guy is not dead yet. He is still here." Xiao Xianglin took a few deep breaths, as if he was going to obtain a large amount of treasures.

"Master, calm down, let’s go in and use the Six Realms mirrors to sneak in." Chen Xiang said.

After Xiao Xianglin and Chen Xiang entered the Six Realms mirrors, Chen Xiang began to slowly fly in the direction that Ah Hu had told him to.

"It seems like those elders are all dead." Xiao Xianglin sighed: "Our Dragon-Elephant School also has a few pretty good elders."

"The world is unpredictable!" Chen Xiang sighed.

Even the Leader was severely injured, so those elders would have had a hard time surviving. Fortunately, they had let the younger generation out earlier, otherwise, all of them would have died here.

Of course, Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin thought that they would be fine.

Chen Xiang did not let Ah Hu out either. He was worried that the hall master of the Dragon Controlling Palace would sense Ah Hu.

"The hall master must have ordered someone to stop us." Xiao Xianglin said angrily: "This bastard, we must catch him!"

While the Six Realms mirrors was flying, a faint voice suddenly came from the front. Someone was talking with them.

"It’s all Luo Jiuyang’s fault. If he didn’t discover this place, we wouldn’t have met with this kind of situation. Several of my Dragon Controlling Palace’s Protectors died." the hall master of the Dragon Controlling Palace said angrily.

"Isn’t that so? They were the ones who obtained the Legendary mantra but we suffered such a heavy loss. " An old man sighed, Chen Xiang recognized the old man, he was an elder of the Cang Soul Sect.

The Dragon Controlling Palace’s Palace Master was severely injured, both of his arms were actually gone, while the elder’s lower half of his body was broken by the explosion. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"Luo Jiuyang and Gu Tong should both be dead! The people who released this time are so terrifying, and Luo Jiuyang and Gu Tong are also slightly stronger than us. Dragon Controlling Palace Leader laughed coldly: "I have to say, they are quite righteous to take that guy away."

"Hmph. This is their fault. Otherwise, that guy would only be sealed here." The Cang Soul Sect Elder disdainfully replied, "He’s only making up for his mistakes."