Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The elders of the Dragon Controlling Palace Leader and the Cang Soul Sect were of the same kind, otherwise, they wouldn’t have gathered together. Chen Xiang was carefully observing them, this made Chen Xiang feel that although the two of them looked severely injured, their auras weren’t weak.

"I am only at the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage and they are from the Peak of World Defying magic realm. If their Divine Sense Sea did not receive any injuries, the aura they released would have a great impact on me." Chen Xiang calculated in his heart, and then immediately discussed the matter with Xiao Xianglin.

"Master, it looks like you will have to make a move." Chen Xiang said: "On the surface, these two look crippled, but their Divine Sense Sea s did not sustain much damage, so they can still release a very strong power. At most, they can’t move, and their bodies only get severely injured, it’s not easy to take them down."

"Don’t be in such a hurry to make a move, I’ll go out and take a look," Xiao Xianglin said.

Of course Chen Xiang would not make a move, he was only watching from afar.

Xiao Xianglin sneaked out of the Six Realms mirrors, Chen Xiang anxiously used the Counter Power to hide her presence.

The moment she came out, she heard the clan elder of the Cang Soul Sect say coldly: "It’s all because of those two little bastards of the Dragon-Elephant School, if it wasn’t for their sudden appearance, we would have probably obtained the Legendary mantra. The next time I see them, I must pinch them to death!"

The Dragon Controlling Palace Leader laughed sinisterly: "Let them be. The Legendary mantra will be mine sooner or later anyway." After he finished speaking, he used some unknown method to cause his arm to suddenly grow out, but he still looked very weak.

"Don’t tell me Hall Master has some kind of secret plan?" When the elders of the Cang Soul Sect saw the laughter of the Dragon Controlling Palace Leader, they immediately thought of something.

"It’s not some clever plan, it’s just stealing from them. As long as I catch those two brats, I will have a way to get the Legendary mantra from their bodies." Dragon Controlling Palace Leader snickered.

The Cang Soul Sect Elder took a deep breath, "This ... This is going against the Dragon Subduing School, if the Dragon-Elephant School finds out, they will definitely join hands with the Tao-creation School to deal with your Dragon Controlling Palace. "

After saying this, the elder of the Cang Soul Sect felt that something was amiss. His heart trembled, because he already knew this secret, the Dragon Controlling Palace Leader would definitely kill him.

"Hall Master, I didn’t hear what you said just now." He currently had no legs, and could not fly, but Dragon Controlling Palace Leader seemed to be completely intact, and he could still stand up, so killing him would not be difficult.

"I’m sorry, you heard it." Dragon Controlling Palace Leader stood up and revealed a Tao-creation Divine Weapon, it was a very sharp sword.

Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin were both watching from afar. This kind of thing was something that they enjoyed seeing. Cang Soul Sect was so weak and his legs were useless to Dragon Controlling Palace Leader. When the time came, Dragon Controlling Palace Leader would even want to bring him out, but if he didn’t, he would say something about him being unloyal or something, so he might as well just kill him. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

The Cang Soul Sect Elder trembled from head to toe, perspiring profusely: "Hall Master, I have the Tao-creation s and Holy stone s .... I can give it to you as long as you take me out. "

Tao-creation Holy stone were still quite precious to the Dragon Controlling Palace Leader.

"Tao-creation Holy stone? How many are there? " Dragon Controlling Palace Leader was moved, if he could take this elder out, then he could have a piece of Tao-creation Holy stone, that would be good, after all, there was nothing to kill after they leave.

"One!" The elder of the Cang Soul Sect said.

Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin were secretly dissatisfied. It was only one pellet, it was not even enough for them to split it.

"You really only have one?" Dragon Controlling Palace Leader’s expression was gloomy and cold, as though he was extremely dissatisfied.

"Isn’t one enough?" The Cang Soul Sect elder said with a bitter face: "I really only have one Tao-creation Holy stone!"

"Your life is so precious, how can a single Tao-creation Holy stone be enough?" Dragon Controlling Palace Leader was already brandishing his sword.

The Dragon Controlling Palace Leader and the Cang Soul Sect were originally the same type of people, they should have been working together. But now the Dragon Controlling Palace Leader actually did such a thing, it could be seen how cruel they were to their enemies.

Chen Xiang never had a good impression of the Dragon Controlling Palace, because he sent the Dragon Controlling Gods to rob other people’s dragons everywhere and this made him hate the Dragon Controlling Palace.

"I... "I ..." Seeing that the sword was about to cut down, the Cang Soul Sect Elder anxiously said. "Although I only have one of the Tao-creation s, but I know where the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals are ... ..."

The Tao-creation’s Sacred Crystal!

Hearing those words, Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin became excited, and Dragon Controlling Palace Leader put down his sword.

"Don’t play any tricks on me." Dragon Controlling Palace Leader’s face became extremely sinister and ruthless, "If you dare to mess with me, I guarantee that I’ll make you beg for death."

"How dare I?" He took out a small wooden box and said: "Inside this is a Tao-creation Holy stone."

The moment the box appeared, Xiao Xianglin had already flown out of the Six Realms mirrors. In just an instant, he had arrived behind Dragon Controlling Palace Leader and slashed towards his waist.

Dragon Controlling Palace Leader could feel that someone had suddenly attacked him, but the other party was too fast. With his injuries, the reaction of his body could not keep up with his consciousness, causing his movements to be slow.

Xiao Xianglin’s sword strike was crisp and clean. In an instant, it broke Dragon Controlling Palace Leader’s waist and after Dragon Controlling Palace Leader’s upper body fell onto the ground, Xiao Xianglin fiercely leaped up, then allowed his body to fall down heavily like a giant boulder. Both of his feet fiercely stepped on Dragon Controlling Palace Leader’s chest and completely dispersed Dragon Controlling Palace Leader’s energy that he was about to release.

He knew that there was someone ambushing Dragon Controlling Palace Leader, and he was secretly happy in his heart, but at the same time, he was also terrified, because the person who acted just now was extremely ruthless. Just as he was about to put away the small wooden box, it suddenly disappeared.

Chen Xiang had already went over and took the small wooden box away.

After the Counter Power on Xiao Xianglin’s body disappeared, the moment he appeared, the elder of Cang Soul Sect was completely stunned. The person who had acted so viciously was actually a woman, the Xiao Xianglin he hated the most previously.

"Old bastard, you said that you would pinch me to death the next time you see me. Come and pinch me to death!" At this time, Xiao Xianglin was stepping on Dragon Controlling Palace Leader’s head, and Dragon Controlling Palace Leader’s face was facing downwards, deeply sinking into the ground.

Dragon Controlling Palace Leader was also shocked, he never thought that Xiao Xianglin would be here, because he had already sent over ten strong Dragon Controlling Gods s to stop Xiao Xianglin and the rest, they should not be here.

"I... I was just joking. " Just as the Cang Soul Sect elder finished speaking, Xiao Xianglin stepped heavily on his leg. "Are you joking? Do you think I’m that gullible as a child? "

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!

inclusion = " /fragment/6/3236.html ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidccc; padding: 15px20px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {margin: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tMicrosoft Yahoo; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; mardin-bottom: 5px;}

Scan the left side of the 2-D code or copy the link below immediately to download the game, and start a new journey with the Dragon Brothers. Download link: http://t.cn/RyvytIq Dragon Sacrifice: World is waiting for you to come and fight. You will receive the 10,000 yuan cash prize, the author’s signature gift, and so on. Newly registered users can participate in the event by sending a screenshot of the user to Feng Qingyang’s WeChat official account.