Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had also appeared, but he did not dare approach the Cang Soul Sect Clan Elder, as he was worried that the old fellow would perish together with him.

Xiao Xianglin stepped on the Dragon Controlling Palace Leader’s head and laughed coldly: "You dog thief, you sent more than ten fellows to intercept us, wanting to snatch us away, right?"

"You ..." Just as Dragon Controlling Palace Leader wanted to speak, his head was ruthlessly stepped on by Xiao Xianglin again, causing him, the Divine Sense Sea, to almost collapse.

"Slut!" Dragon Controlling Palace Leader was very angry. He, the great Hall Master of the Dragon Controlling Palace, had actually been humiliated like this by a little girl.

Xiao Xianglin did not waste any more words with him, he threw a palm at Dragon Controlling Palace Leader’s head, killing him.

When the Cang Soul Sect Elder saw this, he felt utter despair. When he said those words just now, he was sure to make Xiao Xianglin hate him to the bones.

"You want to self-destruct? It’s not that easy! " Xiao Xianglin leaped over and kicked the half of the Cang Soul Sect Elder’s body flying. When she kicked, she released a strong amount of power that could not be underestimated and struck the Cang Soul Sect Elder’s body, dispersing the gathered power of self-detonation.

After the Cang Soul Sect Elder was kicked away, Xiao Xianglin immediately followed. He punched his head twice, directly hitting his soul, causing the elder to be on the verge of death.

"Quick, get You You out of here. We want to know where the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal is located." Xiao Xianglin anxiously said: "He’s about to die!"

Bai Youyou had already come out and used the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell on the Cang Soul Sect Elders, so they quickly found the information they were looking for.

"It’s in Cang Soul Sect!" Bai Youyou said: "Cang Soul Sect had just obtained a piece of Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal and is being kept in a secret room in Cang Soul Sect."

"Do you know how you obtained the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal? Directly going to the Cang Soul Sect to retrieve it is unrealistic. " As Xiao Xianglin spoke, he exterminated the elder.

When the Cang Soul Sect and a few elders went out, they met an old man who was wandering around. When they found out that the old man had the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal, they took it from him. Bai Youyou said: "The guy you killed just now also participated in this. From his memories, I understood that old man Yunyou was extremely strange. Even though the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal was stolen, he wasn’t too excited, and seemed to have been opened all of a sudden."

Xiao Xianglin furrowed his brows, and said: "It’s been a very long time since the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal last appeared ... "At least I’ve never heard of anyone who had it. I’m very curious as to where that wandering old man got it from."

"We need to find that wandering old man." Xiao Xianglin looked at Chen Xiang and said: "Chen Xiang, do you have any plans?"

"My plan is to go to the Cang Soul Sect and take away the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal ... Since the Cang Soul Sect stole it, we can’t leave it for them. " Chen Xiang said, "I don’t think that’s difficult. If we meet Old man Yunyou, we should return the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal to him. This should help us get closer to him, let’s see if he can find out anything."

Xiao Xianglin thought for a moment, then said: "Alright, let’s carry it out as you planned, but we need to look around here, and see if we can find the Cang Soul Sect."

Chen Xiang rode on his Six Realms mirrors and flew in the forest. After more than ten days had passed, they had only found more than ten corpses, all belonging to the elders. There were no longer any Leader s present.

"Let’s go back!" Chen Xiang said: "This time, the harvest is not small."

In these past ten days, Chen Xiang had already carefully investigated the center of the place. That place only had a very large pit, and there wasn’t anything else there, and also, he could see some broken corpses from time to time. It could be seen how powerful the power that erupted at that time was, that not even the experts of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank could resist against it.

Chen Xiang rode on his Six Realms mirrors and headed to Cang Soul Sect!

"When I just arrived in Tao-creation Place, I met some disciples of Cang Soul Sect. Chen Xiang thought of that little baldy. He looked like a child, but he could become a teenager.

"Is that so?" Xiao Xianglin laughed: "So now you want to go back to take revenge?"

"That’s not true. I don’t put this matter to heart, but if I meet that group of people again, they will more or less at ease. Back then, they planned to beat me up." Chen Xiang said. At that time, it was also because of the big senior sister of the disciples that were present, otherwise they would have definitely taken action.

Chen Xiang spent a few days to arrive at a city near the Cang Soul Sect.

This city was the same as the one near Tao-creation School. There were no city walls, and only relying on strength to occupy land.

Xiao Xianglin was more familiar with this place. She told Chen Xiang to go and find out if the Cang Soul Sect s were not in the sect.

Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin decided to use the Tao-creation Holy stone that they had previously obtained from the elder to conduct an experiment and refine the Tao-creation Incantation.

The main thing was to refine the destructive Tao-creation Incantation and Increase spell, which were used for attack and defense.

Xiao Xianglin did not plan to return to the Dragon-Elephant School so early, because once they did, it would be difficult for them to leave the place, because they had already promised Xiao Hengyong that they would quickly return to the Dragon-Elephant School, but they took so long to do so.

Since they were wandering outside, and not very strong, they naturally had to take precautions. Although there were Crystal emperor s, Chen Xiang felt that it was still not enough, thus he decided to use a piece of Tao-creation Holy stone to refine it.

"The disciples of the Cang Soul Sect are truly amazing. A little kid is already so amazing." RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"Yes!" A little child is actually able to defeat someone who is at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage.

"But the disciples of the Cang Soul Sect are also confused, why did they set up such a stage for no reason?"

"Isn’t it just to earn Dao crystal? As long as you defeat that little demon, you will be able to obtain a piece of Tao-creation Holy stone. If you lose, you just have to give a Crystal emperor to anyone who doesn’t want to try their luck. "

As Chen Xiang was walking on the road, when he heard the news, the little baldy’s image appeared in his mind.

"Brothers, are you talking about a bald child?" Chen Xiang immediately walked over and asked.

"Yes, yes, yes. He has a shiny skull and is rather arrogant." A large man said.

"Can anyone challenge it? Any cultivation is fine? " Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course not, not World Defying Stage Divine Rank." That arrogant bald man laughed. "That arrogant bald man should also be at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage."

After Chen Xiang found out where the stage was, he immediately rushed over.

Soon, he saw the little baldy sitting on a large chair in the arena.

Below the stage, there were a few young men and an old man. Those young men were the ones who wanted to make a move against Chen Xiang previously, they were all from the World Defying Stage Divine Rank.

After Xiao Xianglin changed her appearance, she came out from the You Yao Mountain Villa. Looking carefully, she sneered: "This brat is from the World Defying Stage Divine Rank!"

"This guy, he actually tricked us!" Chen Xiang cursed: "Should we expose them?"

"Of course they want to, they’ve tricked quite a few Crystal emperor, exposing them, don’t let them continue to cheat." Xiao Xianglin supported Chen Xiang very much.