Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

There were quite a few people watching from all around the plaza. They were all bored because they wanted to see how this bald child could beat those seemingly strong adults time and time again so that he could earn Crystal emperor s. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

"If you win, you get a piece of Tao-creation Holy stone and if you lose, you have to give a piece of Crystal emperor! As long as you have confidence in yourself, you will give it a try. " Chen Xiang said.

"The majority of the people who were defeated were the young masters of the aristocratic families. Only they had Crystal emperor s to bet on." Xiao Xianglin said.

Chen Xiang had already walked over, and asked loudly: "This one wants to challenge the Divine Blue Soul Child!"

His real name was Liu Yifeng. Chen Xiang had seen him turn into a teenager before, so he knew that this was not a child.

"Show your Crystal emperor first." An old man anxiously said, his eyes suddenly lighting up, because in their eyes, Chen Xiang was just like a big fat sheep.

Chen Xiang took out a piece of Crystal emperor, threw it in his hands a few times, then put it away: "If I use Crystal emperor, then do you really have Tao-creation Holy stone?"

"Of course we do!" The old man carefully took out a light golden stone about the size of a grain of rice from a wooden box.

Xiao Xianglin only needed a glance to know that it was a Tao-creation Holy stone, and the quality was not bad either.

"If you want to challenge us, you need to test the cultivation of the World Defying holy soul, because our divine child is only a Aoshi Holy Stage. If he is from the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, he will not be able to beat us." The old man said as he took out a crystal ball for Chen Xiang to place his hand on.

After Chen Xiang placed his hand on it, the crystal ball shone with a faint golden light.

"From the looks of it, he should be at the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage. I really didn’t know that you had such a high cultivation level at such a young age." The old man had a fake smile on his face as he flattered Chen Xiang.

"Where is your child prodigy? What if he is from the World Defying Stage Divine Rank? He wants to take the test too! " Chen Xiang said.

They had all heard earlier that Chen Xiang was only at the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, and that even someone at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage would not be able to defeat the divine child Liu Yifeng, let alone Chen Xiang.

"In order to be fair, of course he’ll take the test!" The old man anxiously went up to the stage for Liu Yifeng to test him.

Liu Yifeng’s face was filled with ridicule as he looked at Chen Xiang. After that, he sneered and coldly snorted, before placing his hand on the crystal ball.

"Is there a problem with this crystal ball?" Chen Xiang knew that there was something fishy about this.

"No problem, I’m from the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, look if you don’t believe me!" The old man tested it himself, and indeed, the crystal ball immediately glowed in a golden light.

"Can I prepare for a few days?" Chen Xiang took out a few Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals. "This is my challenge. I will come again ten days later.

"Sure!" The old man immediately nodded with a smile. Chen Xiang had taken out quite a few Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, which looked to be about ten kilograms.

Originally, Chen Xiang wanted to expose him, but Xiao Xianglin suddenly changed his mind and allowed him to defeat this godly child.

After Chen Xiang walked down the stage, he immediately went to investigate and found out that the Cang Soul Sect had returned a long time ago, and had immediately closed up. It was obvious that he had suffered serious injuries and would take a long time to recover.

... ....

When Liu Yifeng saw Chen Xiang, he sneered: "This guy probably thinks he can break through in ten days, so he planned to come challenge me. Just now, I could tell that he had already reached the peak of the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, and would soon step into the peak."

"But he can’t beat you." The old man smiled slightly: "In the past few days, we have already earned nine Crystal emperor, adding on to his, it would be ten. We can also stop now and come back after a while to avoid arousing suspicion."

Liu Yifeng nodded his head. Ten Crystal emperor s, to disciples of their level, was already a large amount, so it was usually not easy to obtain.

Chen Xiang randomly picked an inn with a secret room to stay in and hid inside.

"Master, I can’t beat that kid right now. He’s a World Defying Stage Divine Rank user after all." Chen Xiang said: "Oh right, tell me, what’s special about the World Defying Stage Divine Rank?"

"The most powerful thing about the World Defying Stage Divine Rank is that it evolved into a prideful divine soul, and then it developed a ’Arrogant Morale’. The moment one stepped into the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, this kind of Arrogant Morale was very weak, but it was extremely terrifying. Xiao Xianglin said.

"Master, then how can I defeat that kid?" Chen Xiang really wanted to teach that fake god child a lesson, but he knew his own strength.

"You will first have to step into the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage." Xiao Xianglin said: "You will use the Time Domain and step in within ten days. When the time comes for you to fight, and then use the Tao-creation’s incantation, I believe that you will definitely win."

"It’ll be difficult to compete in terms of price if you step into the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage." Chen Xiang said: "My current physical body is strong enough, but those few World Defying holy soul are unable to level up, which prevents me from obtaining an even stronger power."

Previously, when Chen Xiang had eaten Blood shark fitness Dan, his body had become very strong. Now, he could level up his World Defying holy soul, but he didn’t know how he could improve so quickly.

"We can only go look and see if there are any pills here that can help us level up World Defying holy soul."

Chen Xiang walked onto the street and, according to what Xiao Xianglin had said, found a very large medicine shop. After entering, he directly asked if he wanted to buy the Holy Elixir.

"The Holy Elixir is a God Tier High Rank Primordial Pellet. Normally, one would only need to eat one every year for a few hundred years to be able to advance from the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage to the pinnacle." Xiao Xianglin said.

Of course Chen Xiang wouldn’t wait after a few hundred years. He bought this pill to see if he could get the recipe.

"A Crystal emperor!" The manager said.

"Precious!" Chen Xiang muttered to himself, but still earnestly bought it, the quality of the pellet was also not bad, it was not a loss at all.

Chen Xiang returned to the secret room of the inn, entered the Six Realms mirrors, and fed it to He Fengyuan.

"A Crystal emperor just disappeared." Chen Xiang curled his lips.

"You didn’t lose anything. If I could analyze the pill formula, you would have earned a lot." He Fengyuan rolled his eyes at him, then closed his eyes. He didn’t know if she was going to analyze the composition of the pellet, or refine it.

He Fengyuan was crippled by Chen Xiang, but then she accidentally went back to the Space holy soul, so she wanted to recover her strength.

Chen Xiang sat at the side, quietly waiting. He thought it would take a while, but unexpectedly, it had only been an hour or so when He Fengyuan opened his eyes and said: "As long as there are two types of medicinal ingredients, they are both high-grade, proud divine medicine."

"What kind of medicinal herb?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

He Fengyuan took out two transparent crystals, and a light shot out from between his brows into one of the crystals. A pink flower appeared inside the crystal.

There were only three petals in the small pink flower, and there was a faint gold border around the petals.

"This is the Golden Pink Godly Flower!" He Fengyuan said: "There must be pills in the shop, but it’s hard to say if I can buy them!"