Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"Since the pill shop has it, why can’t I buy it?" Chen Xiang said. < Previous Chapter | Next Chapter >

"I’ve never heard of this pill before, and it seems to be a self-made pill created by a large force. The medicinal ingredients needed for this pill are definitely in the shop, but they’re not for sale." He Fengyuan said: "If someone wants to buy it, they will definitely be on their guard."

Xiao Xianglin said: "Yes, normally speaking, the medicinal ingredients required to refine a pellet of this level are all very cheap, but after refining the pellet, the price for the pellet would be hundreds of times, thousand times higher than the price of the medicinal ingredients."

"If I can sell it through pill refining?" Am I not rich? " Chen Xiang had three Young girl Danling, he felt that if he needed them, he could refine even more Young girl Danling. If he gathered a large amount of Crystal emperor and used them to buy Tao-creation Holy stone, not only would he be able to obtain a large amount of pills, he would also be able to obtain a large amount of materials to level up his strength.

"You have to refine it first." Xiao Xianglin said as he came out from the You Yao Mountain Villa.

He Fengyuan continued: "The second type of medicinal herb should be a type of grass! "If I’m not wrong, it’s the Saint Caterpillar Grasses."

"Alright! Poison Woman, how did you know about these medicinal ingredients? Have you ever eaten before? You definitely haven’t eaten it before. After all, you have to have eaten a large amount of various medicinal ingredients to be able to analyze it. " Chen Xiang was very suspicious about this.

Xiao Xianglin also nodded his head, for someone to be able to analyze the ingredients in a pill, Xiao Xianglin had never heard of such a talent, if it was discovered by the pill forces, they would definitely go crazy, and snatch it away.

"This is my secret. If I don’t want to say it, then I won’t say it." He Fengyuan snorted lightly. She was once the empress of a huge empire, and the reason she had fallen to this extent was all thanks to Chen Xiang. She hated Chen Xiang to the bones, but because she saw that Chen Xiang had a powerful master, she didn’t exchange insults with him.

"Then how can I obtain these two medicinal herbs?" Go directly to the pill shop and ask? This will definitely be discovered. " Chen Xiang curled his lips and looked at Xiao Xianglin.

Xiao Xianglin spread out his hands and said, "I’m only good at smithing, and if you let me get some smithing materials, I don’t have any problems with it, but I don’t know much about concocting pills. Even my parents don’t know much about it."

"Don’t call me a wicked woman in the future, I’ll tell you one way." He Fengyuan suddenly said.

"Alright, Feng Yuan Beauty, quickly tell me the method." Chen Xiang anxiously said.

She had thought that Chen Xiang would be reserved for a bit, but he had actually called her that right away. She had even wanted to see Chen Xiang give in after getting strong, and in the end, give in after a bit of hesitation!

"You!" He Fengyuan snorted unhappily.

"Beauty Feng Yuan, quickly tell me, don’t dilly-dally. Time is of the essence." Chen Xiang said. He still had ten days to go beat up that bullshit god child, he had to hurry and level up.

You go and squat at the entrance of the medicine shop, and let me out of the Six Realms mirrors. As soon as I see the person who grew the herbs come out, I’ll tell you, I want you to buy this guy and then buy the Golden Essence Flowers and Holy Caterpillar Grass from him. As long as you buy the half dead ones, you should be able to grow them. He Fengyuan said.

"Sure!" Chen Xiang nodded.

He told He Fengyuan to come out from the Six Realms mirrors s and asked her to cover her face. She sat inside a small carriage and waited outside the medicine store.

After half a day, an old man came out from the cave, and He Fengyuan anxiously said: "It’s this guy, he has the aura of multiple medicinal herbs on him."

"Is your nose really that sharp? He could even see that! Is that true? " Chen Xiang used the Dao heart Eye to look around, but didn’t find anything.

"Do you believe me or not!" He Fengyuan said.

After Chen Xiang placed He Fengyuan into the Six Realms mirrors, he followed behind the old man.

The old man entered a luxurious hotel, no one knew what he was doing, but Chen Xiang followed behind him, catching up to him while they were climbing the stairs.

"Old mister!" Chen Xiang shouted: "Did you grow medicinal herbs in Cang Yuan’s shop?"

The old man nodded. He was only responsible for growing the medicinal ingredients, so he didn’t know what pill they would concoct.

"What is it? "You want to work in the pill shop?" The old man guessed.

"That’s not it. I just want you to buy some medicinal ingredients ..." The withering kind. " Chen Xiang said: "If you can buy it, this is yours."

Chen Xiang took out a piece of Crystal emperor. In order to take advantage of the Holy Elixir, he threw caution to the wind, because the Crystal emperor he was using now was a naturally formed Crystal emperor. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

"What medicinal herb!" The old man stared at the Crystal emperor with his eyes wide open. He never thought that there would be such a deal, he was only growing medicinal herbs in the shop, although the reward was not bad, it was far from being able to compare to the Crystal emperor.

Chen Xiang immediately took out the crystals with the images of the Holy Caterpillar Grass and the Golden Pink Godly Flower. The old man looked at them and quickly nodded, "Wait for me here for an hour!"

An hour later, Chen Xiang had obtained the two medicinal herbs, the Golden Nectar Divine Flower and the Holy Caterpillar Grass. They were already withered, but they were still a little angry, and he immediately passed them to Jiang Sijing to take care of.

"Elder Brother Shen, didn’t you obtain a strange seed in the strange mountain in the Blood Mud Plains last time?" Jiang Sijing said.

"Yeah, I almost forgot." Chen Xiang immediately thought about the seed. Back then, he was frozen in place by the light released by the seed.

Later on, the light released by the seed froze on another Dragon Controlling Gods, and it was because of this that he was able to easily kill that Dragon Controlling Gods.

"That seed has sprouted!" Jiang Sijing said: "Do you want to take a look?"

Chen Xiang returned to the secret room in the inn. Upon entering the You Yao Mountain Villa, he saw a small bud that was emitting a light green color, that looked like a tree.

"I wonder if it can release that kind of strange light?" Chen Xiang tried to control the tree and indeed, it released a strong white light. Jiang Simei who was by the side was suddenly frozen, unable to move, and could only speak.

Chen Xiang anxiously controlled the sapling to release light. After being exposed to the light, Jiang Simei was able to move again, it was extremely mystical.

"When you grow up, what will you become?" Chen Xiang was extremely curious, "When you have time, you should be carefully growing them."

"I know!" Jiang Sijing nodded, she had already started to release her power of regeneration, reviving the two withered medicinal herbs.

The Mei Jing Sisters and the others were in charge of growing the herbs right now. They had a very good set of methods that could quickly grow a large amount of herbs.

Just by using Triple time field on them for a day, Chen Xiang already had several tens of batches of medicinal ingredients.

"Refining this kind of pill is not difficult, especially for you." He Fengyuan said as he saw the medicinal ingredients that Chen Xiang had taken out. "This is not Tao-creation’s Divine Pellet, it won’t be difficult for you."

Thailand’s most popular female anchorwoman new love video exposure down the male host!