Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had also carefully checked the energy contained within these medicinal herbs, and found that it was indeed not difficult, but during the refining process, it was a little difficult to add nine Increase spell s.

"Master, what kind of Tao-creation Incantation are you learning right now?" Chen Xiang had already shown all the incantations for the ninth stage and the ninth stage inside the Six Realms mirrors to Xiao Xianglin. After Xiao Xianglin learnt it, he would teach him a lot faster.

"Fusion spell... "You bastard, why didn’t you give it to me earlier." Mentioning this matter, Xiao Xianglin complained, Chen Xiang had mastered such a complete set of Tao-creation Incantation, yet he hid it for such a long time.

Of course, Xiao Xianglin was still very happy at the moment, because she knew very clearly that it would be extremely difficult to obtain such a complete set of Tao-creation Incantation. Take the Fusion spell, for example.

"Wait until I learn the Nine Calamity Fusion spell well, then maybe I’ll be even more powerful than my parents. Let’s see if they still dare to look down on me in the future." Xiao Xianglin laughed.

Chen Xiang began to refine the pill. This time, he used the Fusion spell, although it was only a stage four Fusion spell, it was much easier to fuse the two types of Medicine crystal.

"Can this Fusion spell only allow two things to fuse?" Chen Xiang asked Xiao Xianglin.

"I can also use three of them at the same time, but the third curse seal has to be higher! For example, there are three items. Two of them are Rank 1 Incantation while the third one is Rank 2. Xiao Xianglin said: "If you want to fuse with more, you will need to master a higher level Fusion spell."

"So that’s how it is!" Chen Xiang used the derivation method and allowed the big Medicine crystal to form two small crystal balls. The small one was then engraved into the third stage of the Fusion spell and the big one was carved into the fourth stage of the Fusion spell.

Chen Xiang only added a little strength during the fusion, in order to make the fusion more thorough. This did not exhaust him too much energy.

Following that, Chen Xiang continued to use his derivation method, and each time, he would only produce two small crystals and fuse them together again. After doing this a few times, the effects of the Fusion spell had already weakened, and it was not as easy to fuse them together as it was in the beginning.

"I need a higher level Fusion spell." Chen Xiang said. After the Stage Four Fusion spell didn’t have much effect, Chen Xiang stopped using the derivation method and started to condense the pellet.

When he was condensing the pellet, he carved the pellet into the pellet of a ninth stage Increase spell with great familiarity, causing the pellet’s power to increase by multiple folds.

Chen Xiang had the Young girl Danling, so he would first feed it to the Young girl Danling. After the Young girl Danling evolves, it would condense into a Holy Elixir, so he wouldn’t have to refine it himself.

After Jiang Lisi ate it, he predicted that he would only need thirty pills to evolve. Chen Xiang felt that it wouldn’t be difficult at all, he could finish refining it in a day with the help of the second stage of Time Domain.

After a day, Chen Xiang successfully refined thirty pills, fed them to Jiang Lisi, and then played with them for another day. The three Young girl Danling all succeeded in evolving, and then they started to condense the Holy Elixir.

"I think Li Li and the other Young girl Danling should also learn the Tao-creation’s Incantation." Xiao Xianglin said.

"What kind of incantations are they trying to learn?" Chen Xiang asked. With Xiao Xianglin’s guidance, they should be able to learn very quickly.

"Time Curse!" Xiao Xianglin said: "The seventh stage of the Time Incantation!"

"There is actually a Time Curse here!" Chen Xiang didn’t expect that because of the fact that the power of time was extremely mysterious, even though he had grasped the Time Domain very early on, he couldn’t level up any further. The main reason was that the laws of time were too difficult to comprehend, and were even more difficult than space.

"Yes, if I’m not wrong, the seventh incantation is the Time Incantation." Xiao Xianglin said: "Previously, Gu Tong had displayed one, but I was still young at that time, so I can only vaguely remember it."

"Then what are the eighth and ninth incantations?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I don’t know, only after studying." Xiao Xianglin said: "These Tao-creation Incantations are very rare, especially the eighth and ninth levels, I have never heard of them."

Xiao Xianglin already knew that these Tao-creation Incantations were all obtained from an Ancient Bronze Gong. What was used to refine the Destruction Bronze, Xiao Xianglin did not know much about the Destruction Bronze.

"Don’t worry, I’ll be able to learn it very soon." Xiao Xianglin laughed: "Your master is a genius at learning Tao-creation’s incantation!"

Thinking that he could learn all of these Tao-creation’s incantations, Xiao Xianglin felt a burst of excitement in her heart, making her feel that taking Chen Xiang as her disciple was earning her a lot.

In order to get more Holy Pellets, Chen Xiang and the three Young girl Danling entered the second layer of Time Domain, which would allow him to gain more time.

When there were still four days until the day of the competition with the divine child, Chen Xiang had successfully stepped into the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage.

And following that, the three Young girl Danling s had to help Su Meiyao and the others to break through, they were Chen Xiang’s trump cards. When Chen Xiang was extremely helpless, he would have to rely on them, so she had to ensure that she was strong enough.

"Beauty Feng Yuan, you really helped me out this time. This is my little gift to you." Chen Xiang laughed and gave him a Holy Elixir, He Fengyuan.

He Fengyuan wanted to recover her strength now, so any pill was effective on her. After eating it, she was extremely shocked in her heart.

"You are indeed an alchemy genius." He Fengyuan had to admit that even her father would find it difficult to compare to Chen Xiang in refining such an ultra-high quality pill.

"In the future, we’ll work together more. This will benefit both you and me." Chen Xiang said.

"Then you have to recover my strength as soon as possible." He Fengyuan said: "If I am strong enough, it will be of help to you. You must know that this Tao-creation Place is very big, and is not only limited to ten great sects and Dragon Controlling Palace s.

"I was afraid that you would take revenge on me. After all, I killed your son." Chen Xiang curled his lips: "And you even destroyed your great future! I have to guard against you! "

"The reason why I want to control the empire is to obtain a large amount of resources for my cultivation and to make me strong! Now that you have made me strong, I will naturally not hold grudges against you! " He Fengyuan said: "I never had a son, I stole that prince from you, my husband in Divine Lord knows about it very well."

"It’s useless to say anything more. You and I want to work together, so you better sign a blood contract with me." Chen Xiang laughed: "As long as I die, you will die too!"

He Fengyuan frowned her eyebrows, she had all sorts of yearning towards the Tao-creation Place. Now that her cultivation had been crippled, if she wanted to quickly recover, she could only rely on Chen Xiang’s large amount of pills. Even if it was her father, he was still far from being comparable to Chen Xiang.

"Alright!"

He Fengyuan agreed and then signed a blood contract with Chen Xiang. Her soul was closely intertwined with Chen Xiang’s soul and as long as Chen Xiang died, her soul would also be destroyed. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only