Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

When He Fengyuan first followed her, she always thought that Chen Xiang was courting death everywhere and she was always on tenterhooks, always thinking that no matter what Chen Xiang did, Chen Xiang just didn’t care about his life. However, when she found out that Chen Xiang had a myriad of tricks up his sleeve and even specifically provoked various Rankers, she gradually got used to it.

Previously, Chen Xiang had killed a few powerful Leader with Xiao Xianglin inside the barrier. This ability was enough to reassure her. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

"Hehe, this way, I can feel at ease!" Chen Xiang laughed, and then reached out his hand to touch He Fengyuan’s jade face. He had to admit, He Fengyuan was rather pretty, her face was beautiful, cold, arrogant and evil.

"Hmph, don’t do anything." He Fengyuan opened Chen Xiang’s hands and shouted coldly: "Even Heavenly Proud Divine Lord wouldn’t dare to touch me like this."

"The Heavenly Proud Divine Lord is really pitiful. He can’t even touch such a beautiful Queen ..." I’ll touch it for him. " Chen Xiang laughed sinisterly.

Just as he finished speaking, Xiao Xianglin came out from the You Yao Mountain Villa and grabbed his ears: "You better behave for me, and quickly go and do your proper work."

Xiao Xianglin could not bear to see Chen Xiang teasing her any longer, if it was He Fengyuan who was willing, then it would be fine, but He Fengyuan had rejected her, and she was weak as well, so she ran out.

"It’s just a joke!" Chen Xiang curled his lips: "Alright, I’ll go do my proper work."

When Chen Xiang came out of the Six Realms mirrors, the main thing he wanted to do was to investigate about the Cang Soul Sect. There was a Tao-creation Divine Crystal waiting for him inside.

"I can’t find any useful information!" Chen Xiang wandered around the streets for the majority of the day and also used up a lot of Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals. However, he found out about some things related to the origins of the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals and he thought that the Transmission array would unrestrainedly announce this matter.

"The main target is that Wandering Old Man. This guy definitely knows where the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals are located. Otherwise, if his Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals were taken away, he wouldn’t complain at all." Chen Xiang didn’t know how he could find a specific Wandering Old Man, so he could only wait until later.

Two days had passed and Chen Xiang still could not get much information from him. However, he found out that the Divine Azure Soul Child had won another Crystal emperor.

"This little bastard, I must mercilessly expose his true colors." Chen Xiang scoffed in his heart. pretended to be a child, but he was already a World Defying Stage Divine Rank cultivator, so no one would notice if he wasn’t able to release the World Defying Stage Divine Rank’s unique Arrogant Morale during battle. Furthermore, he had also used the crystal ball to test himself, causing many to believe that it was real.

It was time for the arranged battle to begin, so Chen Xiang headed to the arena in the plaza very early. The people from Cang Soul Sect came early, but Liu Yifeng, the fake god child, did not come.

"This little thing, it’s really arrogant!" Chen Xiang sat on stage and patiently waited.

"What’s your name?" The old man asked, he was very happy to see Chen Xiang coming, he was even worried that Chen Xiang had ran away.

"Gao Fei." Chen Xiang randomly said a name and he had already used his transformation technique. Last time, Liu Yifeng did not recognize him. But if his real name was mentioned, then the disciples of the Cang Soul Sect would definitely know about him. After all, his master was Xiao Xianglin, he had obtained the Legendary mantra and the True Dragon Holy Soul, so he was still quite famous.

He sat on a large palanquin that was carried by dozens of people, like a little emperor sitting high above, his eyes closed, as if he did not put the people around him in his eyes.

"This guy really knows how to act." Seeing that arrogant little face, Chen Xiang had the urge to slap her.

Although he was only at the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, he was very confident in his own strength. He had already grasped the ninth stage Increase spell and the elemental incantation, and if he were to use the power of the dragon elephant, his power would not be weak.

"You can’t use weapons... This is mainly for your own good, because the weapons that we, the Divine Ashen Soul Children, possess are extremely good, and those ordinary metals of yours definitely can’t compare to it. " The old man laughed.

"Can I ask everyone to use their weapons together?" Chen Xiang asked, if he could use Six Realms mirrors s, he would have more confidence in winning.

"I don’t need it, but I’ll allow you to use it. Even if you use it, you won’t be able to win against me." Liu Yifeng opened his eyes and sneered with his young and tender voice. His small eyes were filled with snobbery, as if he could pinch Chen Xiang to death anytime.

"Is this true?" Chen Xiang was secretly happy, and asked: "Other than using weapons, can I use divine artifacts?"

"Sure! But you have lost, so all the divine tools will belong to me. " Liu Yifeng had already jumped down from the palanquin, and gently landed on the ground.

Chen Xiang knew that this Azure Soul Child must be a fellow who had lived for many years. Although he looked like a child, and very arrogant, when encountering unexpected situations, he would definitely react quickly. He definitely could not be complacent because he had taken advantage of her, and had to be cautious at all times.

"No matter what, he is still from the World Defying Stage Divine Rank. Even though he’s only at the early stage, the power of arrogance in his body definitely surpasses the peak of the sage realm. I have to be careful not to underestimate him." Chen Xiang calculated in his heart.

News of the arranged battle had already spread like wildfire. Those who had nothing better to do all ran over to watch the commotion and fight. Everyone loved to watch, and it was a confrontation between two powerful experts.

Chen Xiang observed the stage. There was a powerful barrier around, which was used to prevent the aftermath of the battle from erupting, and was a very common existence. He was only worried that after he won, the people from the Cang Soul Sect would not hand over the Tao-creation Holy stone.

"Have you brought your Crystal emperor?" Liu Yifeng asked: "Show me!"

Chen Xiang took out the Crystal emperor and asked, "Where is your Tao-creation’s Holy stone? Let me take a look as well! "

Liu Yifeng indicated for an old man to take out a small box. After the old man opened it, Chen Xiang asked Xiao Xianglin to take a look and see if it was real.

After confirming it was the real deal, Chen Xiang nodded his head.

"If you admit defeat, you can just throw the Crystal emperor out, or else I’ll attack very ruthlessly! If you don’t want to hand over the Crystal emperor, don’t blame me if you get beaten to death. " Liu Yifeng’s young and tender face was filled with gloominess. No matter how one looked at it, it did not look like the expression a naive child should have, but everyone felt that he was a divine child.

"I know!" Chen Xiang nodded his head, he did not say much, and retreated ten steps to maintain the distance between him and Liu Yifeng.

Xiao Xianglin was now focused on observing the outside world. She knew that Chen Xiang had a lot of battle experience, but she couldn’t fight against the World Defying Stage Divine Rank.

"Don’t worry, Master is here!" You will definitely win. " Xiao Xianglin encouraged Chen Xiang. She was happy that her disciple had won.

Chen Xiang was not worried, he was worried that the other party would act shamelessly after winning, because the Cang Soul Sect was not a good person either. The divine child in front of him was also lying to him, which was why he was so worried.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!

inclusion = " ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidccc; padding: 15px20px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {margin: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tMicrosoft Yahoo; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; mardin-bottom: 5px;}

Scan the left side of the 2-D code or copy the link below immediately to download the game, and start a new journey with the Dragon Brothers. Download link: Dragon Sacrifice: World is waiting for you to come and fight. You will receive the 10,000 yuan cash prize, the author’s signature gift, and so on. Newly registered users can participate in the event by sending a screenshot of the user to Feng Qingyang’s WeChat official account.