Liu Yifeng quickly saw that Chen Xiang had stepped into the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage, so he was not surprised, because this was his prediction before. He sneered in his heart, because he believed that no matter how strong the opponent was, the Aoshi Holy Stage would not be able to defeat the World Defying Stage Divine Rank.

"I never thought you would already be at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage. You were previously at the early stage, you are pretty fast!" Liu Yifeng smiled playfully.

"I’ll definitely beat you." Chen Xiang was extremely confident. He was currently moving his body to relax and make preparations before the battle.

"That’s what everyone on stage said." Liu Yifeng laughed, "Seeing you work so hard, there should still be hope! Actually, you don’t have to worry about it. It’s not like there aren’t any old fellows who have lost to me. It’s just that you can’t beat a child, so your reputation isn’t that great. "

Chen Xiang scoffed, "You’re so arrogant at such a young age, let big brother teach you a lesson, you ignorant little brat!"

Liu Yifeng did not think that Chen Xiang would actually say such words, which made him a little angry. He even planned to not end the battle so soon, because he wanted to toy with Chen Xiang.

"No matter how powerful you are, you are just a little brat. If you are so arrogant, you won’t be able to grow up. Perhaps in the future, you will lose your life because of this kind of arrogance. " Chen Xiang continued to ridicule, he naturally knew that Liu Yifeng was not really a child, and he had seen the process of Liu Yifeng becoming a teenager before.

Liu Yifeng had never seen anyone who ridiculed him repeatedly, causing him to feel extremely furious. He shouted at an elder: "We are already prepared, we can begin!"

When the old man heard Chen Xiang’s words from below the stage, he was infuriated by him and immediately shouted: "Three, two, one, begin!"

The fact that the battle had started so quickly surprised Chen Xiang. Fortunately, he had already made sufficient preparations.

Chen Xiang had thought that Liu Yifeng would take the initiative to rush over and attack him from the beginning, but he didn’t expect Liu Yifeng to stand there motionlessly.

"If you challenge me, I’ll let you make the first move." Liu Yifeng shouted.

Chen Xiang did not know what he was planning and immediately rushed over. His speed was not slow and suddenly he appeared in front of Liu Yifeng, his large fists forming countless afterimages that layered over each other, forming wave after wave of fist shadows that submerged Liu Yifeng.

RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU...!

Liu Yifeng’s entire being was enveloped by the fist shadows, the shadows of the fists were filled with fist power, striking out and landing on Liu Yifeng’s body, releasing out explosive sounds, the shock wave swept out in all directions!

"This young man called Gao Fei is truly amazing. No matter if it’s speed or strength, he is well-known amongst the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage."

"It is powerful, but that Azure Soul Divine Tong is even more powerful. Did you see that? He just stood there and used his power of the world to form an invisible barrier to block the countless punches flying at him."

"That’s right, that Azure Soul Divine Child is truly amazing. He was able to withstand such a violent attack without even standing still. Truly admirable. Is this really a child?"

"This is indeed just a child, and he has already defeated many experts at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage."

Beneath the stage, everyone saw Liu Yifeng standing still like a mountain facing Chen Xiang’s frantic fist power, exclaiming in surprise and discussing softly. It was simply too shocking, as they were all at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage, but the disparity was actually too great.

Everyone immediately determined that Chen Xiang would lose!

"Hahaha ..." Liu Yifeng suddenly laughed out loud. "Is that all you can do? You actually dare to spout such nonsense, saying that you will teach me a lesson? In my eyes, you are just a weak little bug, and I will defeat you in one move! "

Chen Xiang only frowned slightly. When Liu Yifeng was in battle, he used the "Arrogant Morale" that only the World Defying Stage Divine Rank had.

"There’s a barrier here, so if he used even the slightest bit of Arrogant Morale, it would not be discovered by the people outside. If the Arrogant Morale isn’t strong enough, it would be hard to detect." Xiao Xianglin said: "He is preparing to retaliate, if you want to expose him, you have to force him to use his strongest Arrogant Morale ... Of course, this is very dangerous. At that time, you might not be his match.

"I got it!"

Chen Xiang did not use his Increase spell’s power just now, because Liu Yifeng’s current defense could be said to be extremely strong. Even if he used all of his skills, it would still be difficult to break through his opponent’s defense.

The corner of Liu Yifeng’s mouth moved as he sneered: "One punch, I only need one punch to defeat you!"

After he finished speaking, Liu Yifeng’s small and tender body trembled. Chen Xiang only felt a boundless pressure come attacking and instantly enveloped his entire body. A strong pressure fell on his shoulders, making him feel as if he was carrying a huge mountain.

Chen Xiang’s knees bent slightly, the pressure was simply too terrifying, even if he ate a large amount of the powerful flesh that the Blood shark fitness Dan cultivated, he would still not be able to withstand the pressure.

"One punch!" Seeing Chen Xiang being suppressed by the Arrogant Morale that he had released, Liu Yifeng was elated in his heart. With a cold shout, he rushed forward and jumped;

"It’s Cang Soul Sect’s Blue Soul Brilliant Sun Fist! Even if this brat doesn’t die, he will be crippled! "

"This is too terrifying, the Ashen Soul Shining Solar Fist is not that easy to learn. Even someone at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage would find it hard to master, yet this child actually mastered it!"

Everyone was shocked, they now understood why Liu Yifeng had the confidence to defeat Chen Xiang with one punch!

The moment the dazzling fist came smashing over, Chen Xiang thought about many things. He had initially planned to teleport to avoid it, but now that he was under a huge pressure, teleporting required him to open a spatial tunnel, so if this pressure collapsed the spatial tunnel, he would be heavily injured, so he decided to give up.

He once again thought of using the Six Realms mirrors to block, but he felt that the Six Realms mirrors was his trump card.

He also thought of turning his body into mist, but since the opponent was a World Defying Stage Divine Rank, that Arrogant Morale would definitely tear his soul apart.

"Black Turtle, appear!" Chen Xiang used the fastest time to activate the Black Tortoise Divine Beast’s shell in the Divine Sense Sea. The Black Tortoise Divine Beast’s thick black tortoise shell appeared, wrapping’s body inside it.

BOOM!

Cang Soul Brilliant Sun Fist struck the tortoise shell, creating a shockwave that swept through the entire square as the stage shook.

"Stop..." "He blocked it!"

"This fellow didn’t lose!"

"What’s going on? He actually received the Mysterious Ancient Spirit Shining Solar Fist!"

"A turtle shell just now!"

"Correct. Could it be a protective divine armor?"

"No, that seems to be the power of a World Defying beast!" RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

World Defying beast, this immediately caused a huge uproar, and the people in the plaza were all boiling over. To cultivate a World Defying beast, this was a very extraordinary thing, and it was a very rare divine beast known as the Black Tortoise!

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!

inclusion = " ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidccc; padding: 15px20px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {margin: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tMicrosoft Yahoo; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; mardin-bottom: 5px;}

Scan the left side of the 2-D code or copy the link below immediately to download the game, and start a new journey with the Dragon Brothers. Download link: Dragon Sacrifice: World is waiting for you to come and fight. You will receive the 10,000 yuan cash prize, the author’s signature gift, and so on. Newly registered users can participate in the event by sending a screenshot of the user to Feng Qingyang’s WeChat official account.