Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

When Chen Xiang stepped into the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage, the Divine Sense Sea Six beasts had also evolved. Although it was only the peak of the Aoshi Holy Stage, its strength was still comparable to the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, and the Xuanwu Divine Beast focused on attacking and defending, using all of its power on its turtle shell as it blocked Liu Yifeng’s terrifying punch.

Liu Yifeng’s face was ugly to the extreme, at the same time, he was extremely envious and jealous. He never thought that the other party would actually have such a precious World Defying beast, it was something that many cultivators would dream of cultivating!

, who had been watching the entire battle, was also stunned. She knew that her disciple had an Azure Dragon and a Ground-suppressing immortal elephant, at that time, she was extremely shocked, but she did not expect that Chen Xiang actually had Black Tortoise Divine Beasts!

Amongst the World Defying beast, even if there were dragons, they were more common. This was mainly because Dragon-Elephant School and the Dragon Controlling Palace had them, but their dragons were not pure dragons! Dragon Controlling Palace was born by plundering others, and was born weaker. On the other hand, Dragon-Elephant School was created by training techniques and World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, and not by nature. Moreover, it was not the legendary World Defying beast.

However, Chen Xiang’s Azure Dragon and Black Tortoise were both World Defying beast s, and they could not be robbed. With this kind of World Defying beast, after borrowing its strength, even if they met an opponent a level stronger than them, they would still be invincible.

Liu Yifeng’s expression became serious, he never thought that his opponent would have such strength.

"Humph, that’s only the Black Tortoise. The Black Tortoise’s attack isn’t strong, but its defense is strong. Let’s see how long you can last!" Liu Yifeng said with a sneer. He was still releasing a strong pressure on Chen Xiang, but after Chen Xiang fused with the power of the black tortoise, that pressure had no way of affecting Chen Xiang.

Liu Yifeng also did not dare to use an even stronger Arrogant Morale to suppress Chen Xiang, because if others knew that he was the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, he would definitely be exposed. If they knew that he was from a big harvest, he would not be able to deceive people, and those people that lost to him before would definitely scold him with all kinds of nasty words.

Chen Xiang was worried that the Black Tortoise’s defensive power was insufficient, hence he revealed it. Only by doing so could he fully display the power of the Black Tortoise! And the White Tiger energy that he was currently using was hidden within his arms. He didn’t need to reveal it to release a very strong power.

Liu Yifeng looked at Chen Xiang’s gloomy face, he did not know why, but he suddenly felt that Chen Xiang’s killing intent was very strong, like a person who had killed millions of lives, the dense killing intent was accompanied by a violent pressure, which made Liu Yifeng feel extremely pressured.

"This guy doesn’t dare to raise his Arrogant Morale any further, or else he’ll be exposed." Xiao Xianglin laughed: "You can force out his powerful Arrogant Morale now!"

Chen Xiang’s arms shook violently. After his sleeves shattered, strong, explosive muscles appeared, and dense Tao-creation incantations appeared on them. Using the power of his Arrogant Morale, he quickly engraved Increase spell s at the first to ninth stages respectively on his arms.

Below the stage, after some people who were familiar with the Tao-creation’s incantation saw it, they immediately focused on the Tao-creation’s incantation and exclaimed: "Increase spell, and it’s at level one to nine, all nine of them appeared on his arm!"

"Is this kid crazy?" Is he not afraid that his two arms will break because they cannot withstand such a multiplier? "

"It’s too scary. Even if I were to use my fifth stage full control, I would still feel my arms tearing. He actually managed to get all nine Increase spell up, and all nine of them are on his arms!"

"What is the background of this guy?" "This is too scary!"

"This is a battle between the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage, it’s too intense!"

The battle on the stage had only lasted for a short while, yet it was so shocking that it caused people to be amazed.

"Smelly brat, grandpa has come to teach you a lesson." Chen Xiang sneered, and with steps that felt like stars falling to the ground, he rushed forward, and as he ran, his steps caused the ground to shake. The pressure Liu Yifeng released from using his Arrogant Morale, was also immediately dispersed by his running.

Liu Yifeng wanted to dodge, but when he rushed to the halfway point, he suddenly disappeared, and he had already teleported to in front of him, where he could only hear the furious roar of a tiger resounding in his ears, followed by a stinging pain on his cheek.

Crack!

The instant that Chen Xiang punched out, thunderous roars filled the air, the explosive shockwave from the Thunder Curse gathered together in a flash, merging with the power of the White Tiger and rushed straight towards Liu Yifeng’s face. After going through the amplification of nine Increase spell s, his strength increased by several times, his arms became even thicker and more sinister.

After that, another punch followed. Chen Xiang’s speed was already extremely fast, and everyone could only see him punching out once, but in that instant, Chen Xiang had already punched out more than 10 times.

Liu Yifeng was already bleeding from the corner of his mouth, his face was red and swollen, his eyes shining.

"Die, I will kill you!" Liu Yifeng roared, his body suddenly exploded out, he suddenly swelled up, the incomparably powerful Arrogant Morale surged out like a wave, through the barrier of the stage, enveloping the entire plaza.

Liu Yifeng, who had been continuously slapped, could no longer suppress the rage in his heart, and revealed his true appearance!

"It’s Arrogant Morale ... This guy was actually from the World Defying Stage Divine Rank! Furthermore, he is not a child! "

"His true appearance is actually that of a youth!"

"Too despicable. He actually used the appearance of a child to deceive others. He claimed that he was some sort of prodigy that fooled so many people!"

"This level of Arrogant Morale should have just entered the World Defying Stage Divine Rank not long ago. No wonder that guy was so confident, using the Tao-creation Holy stone as the wager, attracting people to challenge him!"

"This guy won against someone at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage, and he’s actually so smug about it, and even constantly ridiculing someone else because they’re inferior to him. What the hell is he, a World Defying Stage Divine Rank bully against the Aoshi Holy Stage?"

"Despicable swindler!"

"Cang Soul Sect is only at this level. Disciples can only survive by lying to others."

"Exactly, this guy is too despicable."

The spectators in the plaza were also furious. Forget about Liu Yifeng pretending to be the Aoshi Holy Stage, he, a World Defying Stage Divine Rank cultivator, actually thought so highly of himself just to boast about how powerful he was. He was simply shameless.

Liu Yifeng didn’t care that much now. He only wanted to vent the anger in his heart, and release all of his Arrogant Morale. Just like before, he released a wave of pressure on Chen Xiang’s body.

Liu Yifeng no longer had any scruples, he used all of his strength, pressing Chen Xiang’s knees were already bent.

"Kneel! Kneel! I will make you kneel!" Liu Yifeng roared, his face was twisted.

"I will not kneel to a despicable person like you!" Chen Xiang condensed nine Increase spell on top of the Xuanwu Divine Beast’s body, and the amplification of its strength increased by several times, causing Chen Xiang’s body to slightly ache. After the white tiger and Xuanwu condensed nine Increase spell, they had already reached the limit of what his body could endure.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

Chen Xiang’s body shook and the Arrogant Morale that was suppressing him opened, and at the same time, Liu Yifeng’s Shining Sun Fist rushed over, bringing along an incomparably berserk Arrogant Morale!

It was the Ashen Soul Shining Sun Fist! Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

This time, everyone was sure that Chen Xiang was definitely dead. This was the first time the people from the World Defying Stage Divine Rank used their full strength in one strike, and this person was so angry, he had already given it his all!

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!

inclusion = " ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidccc; padding: 15px20px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {margin: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tMicrosoft Yahoo; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; mardin-bottom: 5px;}

Scan the left side of the 2-D code or copy the link below immediately to download the game, and start a new journey with the Dragon Brothers. Download link: Dragon Sacrifice: World is waiting for you to come and fight. You will receive the 10,000 yuan cash prize, the author’s signature gift, and so on. Newly registered users can participate in the event by sending a screenshot of the user to Feng Qingyang’s WeChat official account.