Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Liu Yifeng also thought that with the punch, Chen Xiang’s body would be smashed into pieces, but who knew that his fist would suddenly hit a hard object, following that, a scorching and berserk energy surged from his fist!

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" Liu Yifeng screamed in pain, it was extremely miserable, only to see that the arm he used to attack had been shattered and was bleeding profusely, the broken bones and flesh were set ablaze.

Chen Xiang was holding onto a mirror. It was the Six Realms mirrors that had reflected the power of Liu Yifeng’s Blue Soul Brilliant Sun Fist!

Only now did Liu Yifeng recall that he had already promised Chen Xiang that he would be allowed to use the divine tool.

Chen Xiang teleported behind Liu Yifeng and the Six Realms mirrors became as big as a round table. Grabbing onto the edge, he swung the Six Realms mirrors and smashed it towards Liu Yifeng.

After more than ten hits, Liu Yifeng was bleeding profusely. He laid on the ground and twitched non-stop!

"He lost!" Chen Xiang stepped on Liu Yifeng’s head and said: "Where is Tao-creation’s Holy stone? Throw the Tao-creation Holy stone over! Otherwise, I will kill him! "

Cang Soul Sect also had a few disciples of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, they had planned to take action just now, but when they saw how terrifying Liu Yifeng’s punch was, they felt that Liu Yifeng would definitely succeed in killing him, so they just stood to the side and watched. They did not expect that the divine tool that Chen Xiang suddenly took out would be able to reflect his strength, catching Liu Yifeng off guard.

Chen Xiang seized the opportunity and rushed forward to smack Liu Yifeng to the ground. It could be said to be an overwhelming victory!

"Give it to me!" Chen Xiang said in a deep voice, "I don’t trust your Cang Soul Sect, you bullsh * tty Divine Canghai’s World Defying Stage Divine Rank, and yet you pretend to be a Aoshi Holy Stage and play tricks on me, your Cang Soul Sect’s reputation is already smelly!"

Chen Xiang stomped on Liu Yifeng fiercely. Liu Yifeng had already grown up to be a young man, and was no longer as young and childish as he was before. Many people recalled his young and tender face filled with evil, and felt that they should have realized earlier, that this was not something an innocent child would have.

Liu Yifeng’s position in the Cang Soul Sect was relatively high, if not he would not have teamed up with so many of his seniors and juniors to do such a thing, and the Cang Soul Sect did not care about it at all. The news of him being in the World Defying Stage Divine Rank did not spread, and it could be seen that he had obtained the tacit approval of the higher ups in the Cang Soul Sect.

"Catch!" The old man’s face was filled with killing intent as he handed over a small box to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang caught it and opened it, allowing Xiao Xianglin to appraise it. He confirmed that this was a good quality Tao-creation Holy stone.

"You can release him now!" the old man shouted.

Chen Xiang fiercely stepped on Liu Yifeng’s face, then looked at the surrounding disciples of the Cang Soul Sect, There were four of them who were all World Defying Stage Divine Rank s, and even though they were only at the early stage, they were not disciples that Chen Xiang could handle.

Of course, if Xiao Xianglin came out, there definitely wouldn’t be a problem!

"Humph, I’m giving it to you!" Chen Xiang fiercely kicked Liu Yifeng who was like a dead dog, he flew far away, then teleported into the crowd. Using his transformation technique, he turned into a small worm and landed on an old man’s body.

"Search the entire city!" This was Cang Soul Sect’s territory, but they had suffered such a huge loss. Not only was the important disciple severely injured, they had even lost a Tao-creation Holy stone.

Cang Soul Sect’s reputation had been tarnished even more, so everyone had already scattered. Along the way, they discussed about it, and many of them were filled with anger, cursing at Cang Soul Sect.

The most furious people were the ones who had previously fought with Liu Yifeng and lost to him. Now, they finally understood why Liu Yifeng could defeat them so quickly, and cause them to lose so completely.

"Cang Soul Sect, this bunch of bastards, had eaten a huge loss." Chen Xiang was still in the city, but he had changed his appearance and was preparing to infiltrate Cang Soul Sect.

"Take a rest first." Xiao Xianglin said: "You’re serious, it’s already time for that. You’re still concealing your strength, you haven’t even used the power of the dragon and elephant!"

"If I use it, they will know that I am from the Dragon-Elephant School, and that there will be a lot of trouble." Chen Xiang said: "Oh right, Master, you are serious too, last time you attacked too fast, killing off Dragon Controlling Palace Leader, you should have taken out his dragon to refine, maybe it can be used by me."

"I had the same idea, but I gave up in the end. Those dragons that have been with the Dragon Controlling Palace Leader for so many years are hard to tame, they might even self-destruct or something like that. Xiao Xianglin said.

Chen Xiang stayed in an inn near the Cang Soul Sect. The Cang Soul Sect was like a huge palace, with an extremely strong barrier covering it, it would be difficult to enter if he wished to.

Chen Xiang rested on the bed and asked: "Master, that Tao-creation Holy stone is of good quality, right?"

"Indeed, I intend to forge it!" Xiao Xianglin said: "I can defend myself by refining the type that explodes."

"I thought it would be used to refine Six Realms mirrors." Chen Xiang said.

"Six Realms mirrors, wait until you find the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal before refining it." Xiao Xianglin said: "Earlier, when you used Six Realms mirrors to block the Blue Soul Brilliant Sun Fist, the Six Realms mirrors did not experience any fluctuations either. It should be able to endure for a while."

"Even if we were to find the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal, we have to first find the Wandering Old Man and hand it over to him." Chen Xiang said: "After all, the Cang Soul Sect stole from others."

"I know that!" Xiao Xianglin said: "Don’t be anxious, we’ll definitely get something out of it."

The reason why he returned the Tao-creation Divine Crystal to the mysterious Wandering Old Man was also to ask the old man where the Tao-creation Divine Crystal was, so that they could find it themselves. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"Kid, just how many secrets are you hiding? There’s actually another Xuanwu Divine Beast?" Xiao Xianglin scoffed.

"Master, you will know in the future." Chen Xiang laughed, "I have a lot of secrets!"

Xiao Xianglin curled his lips: "Can you give me the second stage of Time Domain? I want to learn Fusion spell! "

"Of course you can!" Using second stage Time Domain did not give Chen Xiang too much pressure, he needed to rest for a day. To Xiao Xianglin, just a single day was enough for her to have thirty months.

When Chen Xiang was resting, he closed his eyes and thought about the Legendary mantra. Such a complex Legendary mantra gave him a headache, he did not know when he would be able to learn it.

Xiao Xianglin was not anxious, because before she learned the Legendary mantra, she still had a large amount of Tao-creation’s incantations to learn. A day had passed, and when Xiao Xianglin came out of the Time Domain, he said with a smile: "I have already learned the fifth Fusion spell, and have only four more to learn. I don’t even need to compete with the sect to learn the Tao-creation’s incantations, it’s so good!"

"It’s all thanks to your precious disciple ... In order to repay me, you have to properly guide my wives to learn the Tao-creation’s Incantation. " Chen Xiang said.

"I know!" Xiao Xianglin laughed.