Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Right now, he had already been refined into the Tao-creation’s Incantation by Xiao Xianglin. If he met with an enemy that was difficult to defeat, throwing a Tao-creation Holy stone that could release a lot of power at him might even be able to save his life.

"It’s not easy to enter Cang Soul Sect. This kind of barrier seems to be able to defend against teleportation." Chen Xiang said: "I need to use the spatial array inside the Six Realms mirrors."

The last time they used that formation to pass through the barrier, no matter how strong the array formation of the Cang Soul Sect was, it would definitely not be stronger than the barrier.

"Un, once you are ready, you can begin! I alone can take care of a barrier like the Cang Soul Sect. Now that you have already stepped into the peak of the Aoshi Holy Stage, you should be able to handle it and not exhaust yourself after entering the barrier like last time. " Xiao Xianglin said.

After Chen Xiang rested properly in the inn, he used Counter Power Invisibility and quietly arrived outside the tall walls of the Cang Soul Sect. The entire Cang Soul Sect was surrounded by huge walls that were several tens of meters tall, making it difficult to see inside.

After Xiao Xianglin changed his appearance, he also came out of the You Yao Mountain Villa. She came out together with Feng Ke’er and investigated the Cang Soul Sect’s barrier.

After Feng Ke’er and Xiao Xianglin finished their detailed investigation, they had a brief exchange to determine the strength of the barrier.

"It’s already been determined. This barrier is not too strong, we can pass through by ourselves using the Six Realms mirrors’s spatial formation. But in order to stabilize it, it’s still better to add your Time Power and fuse the Time and space power." Xiao Xianglin said.

"Alright, we’ll start now. I already can’t wait to go in, if we drag things out too long, then the Leader’s injuries won’t be well to recover from." Chen Xiang said.

Deep into the night, the number of people lessened. Chen Xiang was inside the Six Realms mirrors, and the Six Realms mirrors had already become invisible.

Although the Cang Soul Sect was very strong and thick, they could not defend against everything.

"It’s starting!" Inside the Six Realms mirrors, Xiao Xianglin released her proud power, and activated the Six Realms mirrors’s spatial formation. At the same time, Chen Xiang also released his power of time.

After releasing the Time and space power, following Chen Xiang’s control, the Six Realms mirrors passed through the thick walls of the Cang Soul Sect in an instant and arrived inside the Cang Soul Sect.

"If it’s a success, no one should be able to find out, right?" Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief. He had also consumed a lot of energy just now, but it was not as energy as the last time he had gone through the barrier.

Chen Xiang came out from the Six Realms mirrors and communicated with Bai Youyou, because Bai Youyou had devoured the memories of the Cang Soul Sect Elder and knew where the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal was hidden.

"Sister You You, those memories shouldn’t be wrong." Chen Xiang said.

"It’s definitely not wrong, but I can’t be sure if the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal is still there. That place is extremely sealed, and the Leader should be there as well." Bai Youyou said: "So when you go, you need to be careful."

"Well, tell me about that place." Chen Xiang said.

Bai Youyou carefully told Chen Xiang how to go to that place.

In order to find the right direction, Chen Xiang first came to the main entrance, and then walked according to Bai Youyou’s instructions. On the way, he met many disciples of Cang Soul Sect, but they were all relatively weak disciples, so it was impossible to discover him.

"There’s World Defying Stage Divine Rank!" Chen Xiang suddenly felt a strong Qi, his heart jumped, and anxiously walked to the side, then stood there motionlessly, waiting for the old man to walk past.

Only after the old man left far away did Chen Xiang finally heave a sigh of relief; he had not been discovered.

Chen Xiang continued to advance, and this Cang Soul Sect was still relatively large. Furthermore, Chen Xiang could not walk too quickly, as he was worried that there would be some kind of aura being emitted.

"This Tao-creation Holy Crystal is pretty secretive." Chen Xiang finally found a garden. There was a huge tree in the middle of the garden, and the tree trunk required dozens of people to wrap their arms around it.

Above the tree, there was a hole hidden by dense foliage, making it even harder to find at night.

The location of this garden was extremely tightly-guarded, but there were several of these gardens. If not for the memories of the Cang Soul Sect Clan Elder, Chen Xiang would have never been able to reach this place.

"A barrier at the entrance of the tree!" Bai Youyou said: "You better not go up yourself, it’s best if you use Six Realms mirrors s."

Chen Xiang nodded, then entered the Six Realms mirrors. After getting the Six Realms mirrors to become very small, he worked with Xiao Xianglin to release the Time and space power, and silently teleported into the tree cave.

After entering the tree hole, Chen Xiang immediately put away the Six Realms mirrors, and then carefully walked along the passage. He arrived at the center of the tree trunk, where a passageway drooped down.

There was a very thick rope at the side of the tunnel. Chen Xiang climbed up and down using this rope and became a small worm.

He didn’t know if there was anyone down there, so he had to make sure it was absolutely quiet.

Chen Xiang climbed for about an hour before he finally reached the bottom. He was already at the bottom of the mountain, and there was a passageway. He followed the passageway until he reached the end, where there was a stone door.

"It’s inside!" Xiao Xianglin said.

Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors, and using Xiao Xianglin’s power, he activated the spatial formation and entered the stone room.

Previously, when he was up there, he couldn’t determine the distance, so he couldn’t teleport in. Otherwise, it would be easy for him to alarm the people inside.

After entering the stone room, Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin who were inside the Six Realms mirrors were shocked, because they saw a person here.

The stone room wasn’t big. There were fluorescent stones emitting white light all around. In the middle of the room, there was a formation plate with a small, bright gem in the middle.

On the side of the formation plate, a haggard old man was sitting cross-legged in meditation!

"This guy is an elder of the Cang Soul Sect. He’s actually healing himself here, he seems to be absorbing the power of the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal." The Cang Soul Sect was also here, and she was very weak.

Just as Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin were feeling astonished, the Cang Soul Sect suddenly opened his eyes.

"Master, what should we do?" We’re going to be discovered. " Chen Xiang said.

"I will go out and kill him. You go get the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals." After Xiao Xianglin finished speaking, he had already left the Six Realms mirrors. At the same time, the Cang Soul Sect released a very strong imposing aura, which even Chen Xiang felt was extremely terrifying inside the Six Realms mirrors. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Xiao Xianglin was not weak either, she had grasped a large number of Tao-creation Incantation. She had her own Divine Sense Sea’s dragon and elephant fuse together and even used five Fusion spell to fuse together.

"Who is it!" Cang Soul Sect was shocked, there was actually someone who could sneak in.

Because the Counter Power on Xiao Xianglin’s body dissipated with the explosion of her own strength, she was exposed!