Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Xiao Xianglin’s divine sword had already pierced out, and when Cang Soul Sect saw that it was Xiao Xianglin, he was startled for a moment. Xiao Xianglin’s divine sword had already pierced into his neck.

"Humph!" The Cang Soul Sect groaned as a powerful aura surged forth, sending Xiao Xianglin flying. Although his neck was stabbed, not a drop of blood flowed out.

The Cang Soul Sect didn’t understand why Xiao Xianglin was able to enter the array disc, but he looked at the Tao-creation Sacred Crystal in alarm. When he reached out to grab it, the Tao-creation Sacred Crystal suddenly disappeared.

The invisible Chen Xiang had already unleashed the power of space and teleported away.

"Old bastard!" Chen Xiang cursed in his heart as he swung the invisible Six Realms mirrors towards Leader’s head.

When he was slapping them, Chen Xiang had released a killing array which released a very strong power of thunder and lightning, causing a "boom" sound. Cang Soul Sect was already heavily injured earlier, and had become extremely weak, and he had expended quite a bit of energy when he was sent flying just now, so he did not have the time to block Chen Xiang’s sudden attack.

After being struck ruthlessly by Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors, the Cang Soul Sect’s head tilted and then lay on the ground. Xiao Xianglin immediately rushed forward and chopped off its head with his sword.

"Hurry up and destroy them!"

When Chen Xiang finished speaking, he felt a surge of power expanding. He was extremely shocked and anxiously pulled Xiao Xianglin, then gathered the Six beasts’s power as well as the ability to absorb Long Xueyi and the others’ power. He used all of his strength to push the spatial power up and teleported to the sky.

Before Xiao Xianglin could react, he was already in the air.

"Ah Hu!" Chen Xiang released Ah Hu and sat on Ah Hu’s body. A violent wave of air and sound suddenly burst forth from below.

Ah Hu was already far away from this place with his fastest speed, but he still felt a scorching wave of air behind him.

"This guy actually self-detonated!" Chen Xiang turned around and looked at the flames behind him that shot into the sky. A big hole had appeared in the middle of the Cang Soul Sect, and those around there, even if they were World Defying Stage Divine Rank s, they would all be affected.

Xiao Xianglin also took a deep breath: "This guy is really vicious, he still wants to drag the disciples of the Cang Soul Sect down with him even before he dies."

"It’s a good thing that the stone room has a barrier. Otherwise, the power would have been even stronger." Feng Ke’er said.

Chen Xiang and the others had already obtained the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal, but they did not know where the master of the crystal, the Wandering Old Man, was.

Xiao Xianglin returned to the inside of the You Yao Mountain Villa with lingering fear in his heart. Chen Xiang let Ah Hu return to the Six Realms mirrors, then he continued to stay in the city outside of the Cang Soul Sect.

Very quickly, there were rumors saying that the Cang Soul Sect had self-destructed because of an error in their cultivation and had already died. Dozens of disciples of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank were severely injured because of this, and the Leader had died as well.

The disciples of the Cang Soul Sect fell into a panic, because they were worried that the Cang Soul Sect would decline in secret and become a third-rate power.

Chen Xiang entered the Six Realms mirrors and looked at the Tao-creation Holy Crystal with Xiao Xianglin.

"The quality should be very good, right?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Un, very good!" Xiao Xianglin was more excited, because it wasn’t easy for anyone to come into contact with the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal at such a short distance.

"How do we find the Wandering Old Man?" Chen Xiang sighed: "Maybe he is no longer here."

"How about we post a notice, saying that we have been searching for a Wandering Old Man that was robbed, saying that we have already found that precious stone for him?" Su Meiyao said.

Chen Xiang immediately did as he was told. He had a lot of Myriad Tao Divine Soil Crystals, and he would quickly find someone to help him finish this matter. He planned to first post a notice on the city outside of Cang Soul Sect, then wait for a period of time to read it.

Chen Xiang waited patiently in the tavern.

It was an old man, which made Chen Xiang excited, but he saw that the old man was only at the late stage of Aoshi Holy Stage, he did not look like he had a Tao-creation Holy Crystal at all, and Cang Soul Sect and the rest had spent a lot of effort to snatch it from him.

"What did you lose?" Chen Xiang asked with a smile.

"A stone, the Tao-creation’s Holy stone was robbed by a few bandits." The old man was very angry and said, "Thank you, little brother, for helping me get it back."

"I’ll count to three. If you’re still standing in front of me, I’ll definitely break your legs." Chen Xiang said with a serious face, and just as he finished speaking, the elder ran out of Chen Xiang’s room and down the stairs.

"What a headache. He actually wanted to claim it." Chen Xiang cursed in a low voice: "Next time we meet with this kind of fellows, we must definitely teach them a good lesson." RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Not long after the old man left, another old man came in, dressed in tattered clothes, and upon entering, he laughed out loud, immediately thanking Chen Xiang. He even knelt down and kowtowed a few times, saying how grateful he was to Chen Xiang for helping him to find the Tao-creation’s Holy stone.

Without saying a word, Chen Xiang directly gave this old man a violent beating, and then threw him outside the door.

In just a single day, Chen Xiang had met seven old men who came to take their places. Other than the first one, the rest were all severely beaten up by him, and the people who came to take their places were also all poor people, they were all lazy eaters and definitely weren’t strong. Chen Xiang easily beat them up to the point of crying for their parents, while kneeling down and begging for forgiveness.

Now that someone came to take the lead, Chen Xiang was not angry, because he could beat them up and vent his anger.

For several days in a row, there were always people thrown out of the door by Chen Xiang as they screamed miserably, and then they were crawled out of the inn ...

After knowing Chen Xiang’s name, those old thugs who had nothing better to do did not dare to pretend to be Chen Xiang. In the next few days, Chen Xiang felt much more peaceful.

Just as he was about to go to another city and announce himself, someone knocked on his door.

"It’s here again!" Chen Xiang walked over impatiently. After opening the door, he saw an old man wearing a white robe and a bamboo hat.

The old man had a long beard and eyebrows, all snow-white. He had a faint smile on his face, and he looked extremely kind. With this temperament, one could tell that he was no ordinary person.

"Come in!" Chen Xiang quickly made a inviting gesture, he was secretly excited in his heart, he felt that it was true, because the old man looked to be extraordinary.

The old man chuckled and walked in.

After Chen Xiang closed the door, the old man stroked his long beard and said with a smile: "You really took the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal from Cang Soul Sect?"

Hearing this, Chen Xiang immediately confirmed that this was indeed the Wandering Old Man, and it was indeed out of the ordinary.

"Senior, this is your Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal right?" Chen Xiang took out the Tao-creation Divine Crystal. "This Tao-creation Divine Crystal has been placed on a formation plate, it should have been used before, it might have been absorbed before.

The old man took it over and nodded. "The quality has dropped a little."