Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang felt that this old man was not weak, but the Tao-creation Holy Crystal had been stolen from him, making him unable to understand what was going on.

"Why don’t you want this Tao-creation Holy Crystal?" Wandering Old Man was very curious and asked with a smile.

"I found out that it was them who stole it, so it should be returned to its original owner." Chen Xiang said honestly, although he had a goal, it was mainly to find out where the Tao-creation Holy Crystal came from.

However, this was not something that he would definitely know about, so most of the reason why Chen Xiang had done this, was for the sake of returning the object to its original owner.

"Then I’ll give it to you." Wandering Old Man handed the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal to Chen Xiang.

"This... "It’s too valuable." Chen Xiang said.

"Cang Soul Sect’s self-destruct, is this matter related to you?" Wandering Old Man placed the Tao-creation Holy Crystal on the table. This piece of Tao-creation Holy Crystal seemed to be very important to him.

"He was injured, and I just happened to sneak in and sneak attack him." Chen Xiang said.

Wandering Old Man nodded his head: "His injuries were probably caused by First Tao-creation Ancestor."

"Senior, do you know anything about the First Tao-creation Ancestor?" Chen Xiang asked in shock, the barrier had First Tao-creation Ancestor sealed inside, and it was the sudden appearance of First Tao-creation Ancestor that caused the big heads of the major powers to be injured.

"That’s why I came." The Wandering Old Man was also slightly baffled. "And how do you know about the matters concerning the First Tao-creation Ancestor?"

"I got the Legendary mantra inside the barrier." It was not a secret that he and Xiao Xianglin had obtained the Legendary mantra.

"I seem to have heard that two young people obtained Legendary mantra s. They are a master and disciple, both very young. You should be that disciple, right?" Wandering Old Man laughed out loud. "I really didn’t expect you to cause such a ruckus in Cang Soul Sect not long after obtaining the Legendary mantra. You’re really not simple."

"When I was in the barrier, Dragon Controlling Palace Leader wanted to kill an elder of the Cang Soul Sect. In order to protect my life, I told him that the Cang Soul Sect had snatched a Wandering Old Man from me and obtained a piece of the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal! I was very secretive at the time, so when I found out about it, I rushed over here. " Chen Xiang said.

"Senior, can you tell me about the First Tao-creation Ancestor?" Chen Xiang said with a serious face: "Is this related to us stealing the Legendary mantra?"

"It’s alright... It was only because you snatched away the Legendary mantra that the seal weakened. " The Wandering Old Man said: "That seal is made from the combination of many Legendary mantra. When the Legendary mantra appears, it can absorb and evolve, and then break out of the seal. Over time, the seal will weaken."

Chen Xiang, the Ah Hu that Chen Xiang met, was exactly like this!

Those Legendary mantra s were actually a seal! The one who used so many Legendary mantra to seal was the First Tao-creation Ancestor!

"Why did you seal the First Tao-creation Ancestor?" Chen Xiang was puzzled.

"There are many First Tao-creation Ancestor’s, and the one in the big enchantment is the one who created the evil way. You should know why you want to seal him now, right?" Wandering Old Man’s face became solemn: "Now that he has come out, things are not looking good."

It was actually the founder of the evil way, and all the evil in the world came from this ancestor. Just thinking about it made him feel terrified.

"What do we do now?" Chen Xiang was a little worried: "This is the Tao-creation Place, if it is destroyed, how big of an impact will it be?"

"If the Tao-creation Place is destroyed, then it’s ruined. The thing to be worried about is that this evil ancestor has spread his evil way! " The Wandering Old Man said, "Because this is the Tao-creation Place, the source of the Myriad Tao, from here on out, the evil energy will unceasingly flow into the various worlds, if you can’t control it, the evil thoughts in your heart will skyrocket, and at that time, you will all be enslaved by him."

"Is there any way to stop him?" Chen Xiang felt that it was extremely terrifying, because this kind of evil effect could not just cut off space, but also made the inside of the Myriad Tao contain Evil Force. It was just that it was being suppressed, and once it was being controlled by the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Force would suddenly explode, and it would lose its nature.

"I don’t know either. I just came to investigate the situation and investigate it thoroughly, then I would go back to report. This sort of thing isn’t something that you and I can stop." The Wandering Old Man sighed.

The Tao-creation Place was very big, and the area that Chen Xiang resided in was only the tip of the iceberg. The top ten sects were the strongest here, but in other regions, there were stronger and more mysterious existences.

"It’s all our fault, let this guy out." Chen Xiang said.

"It’s not your fault. This guy will come out sooner or later. It’s just that it’ll be a bit later. If we let him out now, we can only deal with him earlier." The Wandering Old Man said.

"Senior, where are you from? It sounds amazing to know so much. " Chen Xiang asked curiously.

"Tao-creation Mountain!" The Wandering Old Man laughed: "The Tao-creation Mountain is very big, and there are a total of seven of them. One of the huge mountains covered an area of five thousand kilometers, and I come from one of them."

"How amazing!" Chen Xiang was shocked just thinking about it.

"Your potential is not bad. You must train hard." Wandering Old Man patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder.

"Senior, where did you get your Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal? I want more. " Chen Xiang asked somewhat embarrassedly, because this was one of his motives for returning the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal.

"It’s not easy to find one even on our side! On our side, there is a place called the Tao-creation Ancient Place. There are a lot of Tao-creation’s Holy stone and Holy Crystals there, but they are hidden very deeply so that we can’t find them. " Wandering Old Man said: "With your current cultivation level, some of it is not enough. You might die inside."

"Tao-creation Place is so big, this is the first time I’m learning about this." Chen Xiang lamented.

After all, you are still a Tao-creation Place. " Wandering Old Man chuckled: "Alright, I’m going back. I originally planned to teach that Cang Soul Sect a lesson, but I didn’t expect that he would already be dead. I came to visit you on the way."

"I will give the Tao-creation Divine Crystal to you as a gift. We will meet again in the future." Wandering Old Man took out an array disc, and said goodbye to Chen Xiang with a smile. After he activated the array disc, a strong wave of Time and space power surged out, and Wandering Old Man disappeared.

Chen Xiang exclaimed: "It’s actually the Time and space power!"

Xiao Xianglin came out from the Six Realms mirrors and said, "The Time and space power... They must be using the Time Incantation and the Space mantra to the maximum. "

Chen Xiang nodded his head, and agreed.

"Master, do you have time to cast the Tao-creation Incantation?" Chen Xiang asked: "Could the Time Curse be the Legendary mantra?"

"I don’t think so. I suspect that the seventh or eighth level is just the Time Curse. I haven’t learned it yet, and it’s not easy to learn it either." Xiao Xianglin said.

"Are we going back to the Dragon-Elephant School now?" Chen Xiang said.

"I don’t want to go back." When Xiao Xianglin heard about the Dragon-Elephant School, his expression immediately changed. "I feel that there’s no use in going back, you have so many Tao-creation Incantations." Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!

inclusion = " ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidccc; padding: 15px20px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {margin: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tMicrosoft Yahoo; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; mardin-bottom: 5px;}

Scan the left side of the 2-D code or copy the link below immediately to download the game, and start a new journey with the Dragon Brothers. Download link: Dragon Sacrifice: World is waiting for you to come and fight. You will receive the 10,000 yuan cash prize, the author’s signature gift, and so on. Newly registered users can participate in the event by sending a screenshot of the user to Feng Qingyang’s WeChat official account.