Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang frowned and thought. He had to save Xiao Xianglin, because Xiao Xianglin risked her life to avenge him.

"Chen Xiang, do you think Big Sis’s parents are already dead?" Xiang’er asked softly.

"Even though Big Sister’s temper is quite aggressive, she will consider the consequences. Didn’t she not attack you last time?" Liu’er also said, "Big Sis would suddenly do such a thing. I think it’s because she was provoked by something else. That’s why she couldn’t suppress her anger."

Hearing them say that, Chen Xiang also felt that it was possible, that Xiao Xianglin might know something about her parents.

"When such a thing happens in the Dragon-Elephant School, other powers will treat it as a joke ... The two elders from Dragon-Elephant School were also very angry, so they decided to invite the big shots from various powers to the Dragon-Elephant School to watch the execution of big sister ... " Xiang’er said.

Chen Xiang said with a sunken voice, "Master will definitely be fine, I must save her!"

Now that the injury to his soul had yet to be healed, he had to wait for it to heal before he could come up with a thorough plan.

"Is it safe here?" Chen Xiang asked.

"We don’t know either, but this month, when we went out to find out more, the Dragon-Elephant School was also looking for us. The elder of the Dragon-Elephant School has already found out, it was us who took you away." Yu’er said.

"Let’s leave this place first!" Chen Xiang took out his Six Realms mirrors.

"Your injuries aren’t fully healed yet, why don’t you stay here for now?" Xiang’er said.

"Although we haven’t recovered yet, we’re fine now. Let’s leave this place first. Maybe they have some method to find us, and we have the greatest hope of saving Master." Chen Xiang finished.

Xiang’er and Liu’er nodded, and then entered the Six Realms mirrors.

When He Fengyuan saw Chen Xiang, he heaved a sigh of relief. "You scared me to death!" She and Chen Xiang had signed a contract, if Chen Xiang died, she would die.

"My life is still tough!" Chen Xiang snorted.

He Fengyuan did not know about what had happened with Chen Xiang. She was not aware of what had happened outside because she was inside the Six Realms mirrors, but she knew that Chen Xiang’s soul was extremely weak.

"What happened?" He Fengyuan asked.

Chen Xiang told He Fengyuan everything in detail. Although He Fengyuan did not have much cultivation at the moment, she had grasped a lot of knowledge and was also his assistant.

"You guys are really reckless!" After He Fengyuan heard this, she sighed endlessly. Xiao Xianglin actually killed multiple elders of the Peak of World Defying magic realm.

Chen Xiang was sure that Xiao Xianglin had used the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal. It could be seen how angry Xiao Xianglin was at that time.

"In other words, your Legendary mantra is gone?" He Fengyuan felt that it was a pity and sighed.

"No, I heard that elder sister took away the Da Elder’s body. The Da Elder wanted her to hand it over ... This might be the reason why the Elders have yet to take action, and have said that they would wait for the Leader to come out and take charge. " Xiang’er said.

After the Great Clan Elder took away Chen Xiang’s Legendary mantra, and was killed by Xiao Xianglin, his corpse was taken away by Xiao Xianglin. The Legendary mantra and the Great Clan Elder’s soul were connected, so the two surviving Elders definitely wanted to snatch it away.

Although there were a few doyens from the Tao-creation School s, they were definitely divided on the ownership of the Legendary mantra. Perhaps, there were some other unforeseen events that occurred during the discussions.

Chen Xiang suddenly thought about it, the longer he dragged it out, the worse his situation would be.

"This way, Dragon-Elephant School and Tao-creation School will definitely look for you everywhere. If you want Big Sis to hand over the Legendary mantra, you can only do it from your bodies." He Fengyuan said.

"Yes." Chen Xiang nodded his head, "I think the elders of the Dragon Controlling Palace are also involved in this matter .... This is because in the big barrier, the Leader s and elders of the various sects have all suffered heavy casualties. These elders have no choice but to come out.

If the Dragon Controlling Palace hadn’t told him that he had Killing evil dragon, this wouldn’t have happened!

"Right now, I can only go to Tao-creation Mountain." Chen Xiang did not know where the Tao-creation Mountain was, but he felt that he could ask around.

"Do you know how to get there?" Who should I ask? " Xiang’er said. They all knew about the Tao-creation Mountain.

"of the Tao-creation School." Chen Xiang said.

"This... That’s not so good, is it? " Liu’er said worriedly.

"I believe in my eyes. I have saved this guy before. If it wasn’t for me and my master, he would have already died." Chen Xiang said: "He should know some things about the Tao-creation Mountain."

Xiang’er and Yu’er could only listen to Chen Xiang. Although their cultivation was higher than Chen Xiang’s, their knowledge and thoughts were not as good as Chen Xiang’s. After all, they had been servants since they were young.

Chen Xiang could circulate a stage of Time Formation inside the Six Realms mirrors, which could speed up the recovery of his soul.

After a few days, with the help of Mei Jing Sisters, Chen Xiang gradually recovered and went to Tao-creation School.

"Maybe there is some relationship between Tao-creation School and Tao-creation Mountain. As a Leader, Wan Haixu definitely knows something." Chen Xiang said. He had already reached the city near the Tao-creation School.

At this time, the entire city was also talking about Xiao Xianglin’s matter. The elders of the sect were one of the strongest existences in the city, but more than half of them had been killed by Xiao Xianglin, leaving only two behind.

When Chen Xiang was in the city, he asked around. Soon enough, he found out that Ding Yuhai was often walking around outside, and he came to a hotel. At that moment, Ding Yuhai was meeting his friends at the hotel.

During the night, when Ding Yuhai finished drinking and just as he entered the room, he sensed a faint Qi, followed by the appearance of a person. He reacted quickly and immediately brandished the Immortal Sword, preparing to stab forward, but then he saw the familiar face!

"Brother Chen!" Ding Yuhai was startled, all of the things that Xiao Xianglin did was caused by Chen Xiang, and everyone knew about it.

Tao-creation School, Dragon-Elephant School and the rest were all searching for Chen Xiang.

"Brother Ding, I need your help." Although his relationship with Ding Yuhai was not deep, he still believed in his judgement. He believed that Ding Yuhai would definitely be able to help him.

"What can I help you with?" As Ding Yuhai sat on a chair, he let out a long sigh. He was very clear how complicated the matters Chen Xiang was facing right now were. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Xiao Xianglin was caught, and publicly executed one year later. As his disciple, Chen Xiang was sure to think of ways to save Xiao Xianglin.

"I want to see your Leader." Chen Xiang said: "Help me deliver a message, tell me to wait for him here, do not worry whether he comes or not."

Ding Yuhai was extremely suspicious, why did Chen Xiang want to see the Tao-creation School? Furthermore, Tao-creation School was currently in closed-door training with serious injuries ... Many powerhouses had returned from the Great Barrier and were heavily injured. Some had even died, and this was something that everyone knew.