Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing that Chen Xiang insisted to see their Leader, and the matter was extremely important, Ding Yuhai did not ask anymore.

"Leader is in closed-door training to heal his injuries. I don’t know if I can contact him, so I’ll do my best. I’ll go right now." It was already night time, so he returned to Tao-creation School overnight.

Chen Xiang stood at the window and looked out into the night, not in the mood to watch. In a year’s time, Xiao Xianglin would be publicly executed, he had to think of a way to save Xiao Xianglin before that.

Although he had the Time Domain, he didn’t have the confidence to step into it within a year. Initially, it was already rather difficult to even step into the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, let alone the Peak of World Defying magic realm.

Daybreak, Chen Xiang was still standing by the window. He did not come, but Wan Haixu did. Chen Xiang really did not expect that the one who opened the door and entered was not Ding Yuhai, but Tao-creation School!

Ding Yuhai really succeeded in getting Wan Haixu to come here.

Wan Haixu was dressed in a black robe and a conical bamboo hat. After he took off the conical hat, he could see his slightly aged and weak face;

"I know the gist of it." Wan Haixu looked at Chen Xiang with a stern expression: "You and that girl have saved me before. Even though I have given you Tao-creation Holy stone as repayment, I feel that my life does not only belong to two Tao-creation Holy stone! I have yet to recover from my injuries, when I recover, I will do my best to save her, even if it means losing my life! "

"Leader Wan, you’re too serious!" Chen Xiang had not expected that Wan Haixu would actually prepare to fight with his life on the line. After all, he understood a bit about this, because even the elders of the Tao-creation School s had all gone to the Dragon-Elephant School.

"Leader Wan, I am not here to find you so that you can save my master ... Although you are powerful, even if you are able to fully recover, it will still be difficult for you to defeat that many doyens. " Chen Xiang said.

He did not try to look for Xiao Xianglin in the Dragon-Elephant School, because the place where he was currently imprisoned must be extremely tight. If he were to barge in and be arrested, then no one could be saved, so he did not attempt to do so.

"Then ..." Wan Haixu was extremely suspicious. Actually, even if Chen Xiang told him to go and save her, he definitely would not refuse.

"Let me ask you, there’s something about the Tao-creation Mountain!" Chen Xiang said. There were even stronger existences in the Tao-creation Mountain, he was going there to find even better pills.

Although there was a pill here that could let people enter the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, it was not very effective, Chen Xiang needed a pill to let him enter the Late period of World Defying magic realm, there was no pill here.

"You actually know about the Tao-creation Mountain." When Wan Haixu mentioned the Tao-creation Mountain, Wan Haixu felt that there was still hope to save him, because the Tao-creation Mountain was extremely powerful. If Chen Xiang could find help in the Tao-creation Mountain, there was still hope.

"I happened to hear someone mention it." Chen Xiang said: "This is my only hope right now, so I must go."

Wan Haixu nodded. "Tao-creation School and Tao-creation Mountain have very deep roots ... I don’t really know the specifics, but when I became the Leader of Tao-creation School, I had read a history book about the Tao-creation School, it was simply recorded inside. "

"Then where is the Tao-creation Mountain?" Chen Xiang’s heart skipped a beat. As expected, Leader knew a bit about the Tao-creation Mountain.

Wan Haixu took out a big ancient book, the ancient books were made with special materials, even though it was a long time ago, the ancient books did not have any trace of age, but it was filled with an ancient aura.

Wan Haixu flipped open a few pages, and then saw a huge map.

"This area is where we are." Wan Haixu drew a circle on the edge of the map with his finger. This area was very small.

After that, Wan Haixu drew a circle near the center of the map: "This is the Tao-creation Mountain, this map should be useful to you, remember this well."

Chen Xiang immediately noted down the map. The ten great sects were located in such a vast area, but in Tao-creation Place, it was actually a very small area.

"Be careful on your way!" This is twenty pieces of Crystal emperor, I might not know much about you. " Wan Haixu passed twenty Crystal emperor s to Chen Xiang.

"Thank you, Leader Wan ..." Chen Xiang was extremely grateful. Even though he was at his most helpless right now, there was someone helping him.

"You’re welcome!" Wan Haixu smiled and patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder: "You will definitely succeed."

"Thousand Leader, if Gu Tong and Luo Jiuyang return, I hope that you can tell them about it! To tell you the truth, Luo Jiuyang and I come from the same place. " Chen Xiang said.

"I can see that." Last time when he saw Luo Jiuyang and Chen Xiang leaving alone, he knew what secrets they had.

If Luo Jiuyang and Gu Tong were here, Chen Xiang probably wouldn’t need to head to Tao-creation Mountain.

"Thousand Leader, help me thank Brother Ding." Chen Xiang said.

"Got it!" "Be careful along the way." Wan Haixu nodded. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Chen Xiang left the hotel, following the directions indicated by the map, and headed there quickly.

After leaving the city, he released Ah Hu, who was even faster and could fly higher. This would make him safer.

"Chen Xiang, go to the Tao-creation Mountain and remember to hide your dragon. Even if it’s your green dragon, it might have the aura of a Killing evil dragon." He Fengyuan said: "Maybe this Dragon Controlling Palace sensed your Azure Dragon. Because your Azure Dragon contained the aura of a Killing evil dragon, it was followed by this Dragon Controlling Palace."

"Dragon Controlling Palace these bastards, just you wait." Chen Xiang clenched his teeth. Forget about Killing evil dragon, even if it was his own Red fire dragon, it would still give off a scary feeling.

Chen Xiang rode on Ah Hu’s back and flew high in the sky with a heavy heart. He was very worried for Xiao Xianglin and worried that those people would attack him ahead of time.

The Tao-creation Mountain was very far away and Chen Xiang didn’t know how long he would take to fly before he could reach it. Right now, he could only let Ah Hu rush there as fast as he could.

Therefore, Chen Xiang was able to fly continuously for more than ten days, without encountering much trouble, and without encountering much of a problem.

"It’s already been more than ten days, is it still not here?" Chen Xiang didn’t want to waste so much time on the road, but he had no other choice now.

Ah Hu was extremely fast, flying without stopping for more than ten days. He had flown for a long distance, but Chen Xiang had not seen any signs unique to Tao-creation Mountain, it was just like those giant mountains.

Back then, Wandering Old Man had told him that Tao-creation Mountain was extremely huge!

A few days later, a thick cloud of fog appeared in front of them.

"Strange, such a high place is shrouded in mist." Not long after Chen Xiang saw the clouds, Ah Hu had already entered the clouds. Chen Xiang looked down and felt that there were thick clouds below.

"Could this be a natural barrier?" Chen Xiang wondered.