Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

While Chen Xiang was deep in thought, Ah Hu had already passed through this thick layer of clouds.

Soon after, Chen Xiang saw a huge blurry shadow in the distance. Upon closer inspection, he saw a huge monster standing tall in the distance, reaching high into the sky, and he could not see the top.

The Tao-creation Mountain was extremely huge and the summit was very high, as if they had already touched upon the starry sky. Chen Xiang had already flown very high now, but he was still unable to see the peak of the Tao-creation Mountain.

"It’s really huge!" At this moment, Chen Xiang seemed to see a piece of land fall from the sky and lie on the ground. Tao-creation Mountain covered an extremely large area.

After Chen Xiang let Ah Hu fly downwards, he looked at the tall and big mountain in the distance and immediately felt an indescribable pressure assault him, causing him to be unable to breathe.

"Ah Hu, you can rest." Chen Xiang let Ah Hu enter the Six Realms mirrors. After flying for almost twenty days without resting for even half a moment, Ah Hu was already extremely tired.

Chen Xiang entered the Six Realms mirrors s and controlled it to fly.

Right now, he had already arrived at the area where the Tao-creation Mountain was. There were definitely many experts here, so he had to be extremely careful, as entering the Six Realms mirrors was the safest.

After the Six Realms mirrors was concealed by the Counter Power, it quickly flew into the forest.

There were a total of seven Tao-creation Mountain s, and they were all separated by a distance. Chen Xiang could only see one of them now.

After controlling the Six Realms mirrors to fly for two days, he had already reached the bottom of Tao-creation Mountain and boarded there. Right now, he didn’t know where he should go to find places with people gathering, such as cities or sects.

Only by finding these places would he be able to quickly understand the affairs of the Tao-creation Mountain, and then, deal with his official business.

The Tao-creation Mountain was green, and the main difference was that it was covered with huge green trees. Chen Xiang was in a relatively short region in the Tao-creation Mountain, and this area was extremely vast.

Of course, the Tao-creation Mountain was huge, and only by going to a higher place would one have the feeling of climbing the mountain. The highest place was the tip of the mountain, and that place was definitely very small.

"I wonder what kind of sects this Tao-creation Mountain has." Chen Xiang walked aimlessly. He wanted to go deeper.

All along at night, inside the Six Realms mirrors, he suddenly heard a sound coming from outside.

"It’s so late, what are you doing in this place?" a man complained.

"Kid, you only know how to be lazy all day ..." I brought you here to gain experience. If you don’t work hard, you’ll be kicked out of the family. " A middle-aged man sighed. It could be seen that the man was his son.

"Dad, I’m too lazy to stay in the family. If I’m kicked out, I’ll be even more carefree." The man chuckled.

With a dong sound, the middle-aged man fiercely hit the man on the head, causing the man to scream out in pain.

"I was stupid to begin with. If you keep fighting, I’ll die of stupidity." The man shouted in dissatisfaction.

When Chen Xiang came out of the Six Realms mirrors s, he had already seen this pair of father and son, both had burly bodies, their father had an extraordinary bearing, and their son looked rather simple and honest.

"I am Chen Xiang, and am only at Tao-creation Mountain. I wonder if the two of you can tell me how I can get to the place where there are people?" Chen Xiang walked over and cupped his fists and said.

"I am Song Jiangnan, this is my son, Song Longprofound." The middle-aged man saw someone and hurriedly said. He even pulled his son, who was sitting on the ground, to get him up as soon as possible.

"Senior Song, Big Brother Song." Chen Xiang smiled and said.

Being called Big Brother by someone, Song Longprofound was a little flattered and quickly stood up with a silly smile: "Brother, there’s no need to be so polite ... ... Right, you said you want to go to a place with people? The closest to here is the Cang Fire City, our Song Family is an aristocratic family of the Cang Fire City. "

"Little brother, you must be from outside, right?" Song Jiangnan patted his son to stop him from talking, then pointed at the cloud and said.

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "It was really not easy to travel here, but I am unfamiliar with this place, I hope the two of you can give me some guidance."

"Truly amazing. To be able to come to Tao-creation Mountain from the outside, I must have experienced a lot on the way." Song Jiangnan said with great admiration. Then, thinking about how his son was a coward, he couldn’t help but sigh.

"No no, the journey wasn’t too arduous." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Anyway, I don’t want to go out. I heard that it’s very dangerous outside." Song Longprofound curled his lips. Right now, his father wanted to capture him and drag him out.

Chen Xiang had been flying high in the sky the entire way. There weren’t many fierce beasts that could fly here, so Chen Xiang was extremely safe in the sky. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Song Jiangnan said: "Little brother, why don’t you follow us back to the Cang Fire City ... ... Originally, I wanted to bring this brat out for training, but seeing him like this, I think I’ll forget about it. "

"Senior Song, everyone has their own ambitions. Brother Song may not like fighting and killing because of his personality, he only likes to live a stable life and enjoy peace. I think with his personality, he should either refine or refine pills. He might have a bright future." Chen Xiang said.

It was as if Song Longprofound had found a close friend, and wished that he could become sworn brothers with Chen Xiang, Jin Lan.

"Dad, I’ve always liked refining, but you just don’t agree. You always say that I don’t have any talent, but in fact, I do." Song Longprofound said in an extremely wronged manner.

"The important talent required for refining is to learn the Tao-creation’s incantation. Brother Song, if the speed at which you learn the Tao-creation’s incantation is very fast, it means that you have talent in this aspect." Chen Xiang said.

"I do, my learning speed is many times faster than others." Song Longprofound was extremely proud of himself for bringing up this matter.

Song Jiangnan sighed helplessly, "I actually hope that he can achieve great things in refining, but our Song Family does not wish for him to learn the important Tao-creation’s incantations, because ..." He has always given people the feeling that he won’t have any future prospects, and is also a coward when it comes to doing things. "

"It’s not a bad thing to be timid. At least we can live a little longer." Chen Xiang laughed heartily, "Since the family does not give it to you, Senior Song, as your father, you should think of a way to fight for it.

Song Longprofound wanted to hug Chen Xiang and cry loudly. After so many years, there was finally someone who could say what was on his mind.

"Big brother, you are too right. If there is a good Tao-creation’s Incantation for me to learn, after I learn how to refine a precious divine tool, I will definitely be able to stand proud." Song Longprofound had already called Chen Xiang big brother, and it could be seen how honest he was ...

He suddenly felt that the Song Family looked down on his father and son, so they never gave them the chance. When he thought about it, he felt that there was something wrong with himself, if he had the ability as his father, the Song Family would definitely hand over the precious Tao-creation Incantation to his son to learn.

If he had the ability, even if the Song Family didn’t give it to him, he could find it for his son to learn from.