Song Jiangnan thought about what Chen Xiang had said and decided that in the future, he would work hard to find the Tao-creation’s Incantation for his son so that he could learn it.

"Little brother must be someone who has a lot of experience and has seen a lot. Thank you for your guidance, otherwise, I might have let my child take the wrong path." Song Jiangnan cupped his hands towards Chen Xiang.

"Big Brother, in the future, what don’t you understand about Tao-creation Mountain? Just ask me, I will definitely tell you." Song Longprofound said while admiring Chen Xiang very much.

"Your cultivation is higher than mine. You should be the big brother." Chen Xiang laughed, Song Longprofound was from the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, he did not dare to accept it.

"Don’t say that your cultivation isn’t high, but those that have reached it are your masters. Moreover, I only called you big brother!" If you didn’t remind my dad, who knows what kind of stupid thing my dad would take me to do. It’s equivalent to saving my life. " Song Longprofound laughed.

Song Jiangnan couldn’t help but be surprised, because he realized that his son was no longer in a daze, and had actually said such sloppy words. He seemed to understand, that Song Longprofound didn’t talk to anyone before, mainly because they looked down on him and didn’t understand him, so he naturally resisted those people in his heart.

Song Jiangnan suddenly felt that he didn’t know much about his son. He thought for a moment. In the Song Family, his son might have been looked down upon often, so he didn’t talk much. That was why he was regarded as a fool. In fact, he wasn’t. He suddenly felt that his son should be a genius, as his speed of learning Tao-creation’s incantations was extremely fast, which was something that no one in the Song Family could compare to.

"I still don’t deserve it." Chen Xiang laughed.

"From now on, you are my big brother!" Song Longprofound did not care whether Chen Xiang dared to say it or not, as long as he confirmed it.

"Alright, let’s hurry back to the Cang Fire City." At this moment, Song Jiangnan was also very happy that his son met a close friend. This was also not a bad thing.

Song Jiangnan and his father chatted and laughed with Chen Xiang all the way inside the forest. Song Jiangnan was not weak and was actually a Late period of World Defying magic realm Cultivator. However, with his strength, he was not taken seriously in the Song Family. It could be seen that there were a lot of people with Peak of World Defying magic realm in the Song Family.

"Senior Song, right now, I am only at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage. I want to quickly step into the World Defying Stage Divine Rank. Chen Xiang asked. He felt that since Song Longprofound was able to enter the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, he must have eaten a pill.

"Eat the Return-to-God Dan! "This is exactly the pill that I ate to break through." Song Longprofound said: "This is a low grade Tao-creation Divine Pellet, it’s pretty expensive, and I need to eat quite a few of them."

"A single Crystal emperor would probably need around two hundred to eat." Song Jiangnan replied: "The main purpose of Return-to-God Dan is to help the Aoshi Holy Stage step into the Divine Realm, but after that, it becomes useless. Amongst the low rank Tao-creation Divine Pellets, this is the cheapest."

Chen Xiang did not say anything, because the pill he had previously purchased, also required a Crystal emperor. It was definitely not as good as a Return-to-God Dan, so the Return-to-God Dan was considered to be relatively cheap.

"Did you sell it in Cang Fire City?" Chen Xiang asked. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

"Cang Fire City is a city dominated by flames, and refining pills requires fire. Cang Fire City is proficient in this aspect." Song Jiangnan replied: "Our Song Family uses flames. We mainly cultivate the Tao-creation’s Blue Flames. We have both the Song Family’s Alchemist s and Refiner s."

"Then why not send Brother Song to be nurtured? His artifact forging must be pretty good. " Chen Xiang asked.

"Those bastards called me a fool. They said I couldn’t learn it, and they didn’t want to teach me either." Song Longprofound said in disdain, "Even those idiots would need the Time Formation to learn the Tao-creation’s incantation. Only then would they be able to recover quickly, but they had stayed inside the Time Formation for hundreds, even over a thousand years before being able to learn one."

He actually has a Time Formation, Chen Xiang thought excitedly. On his way to Tao-creation Mountain, he had to use up 20 days of time.

"Big brother, just call me Long Xuan." Song Longprofound said.

"Long Xuan, what kind of Tao-creation’s incantations have you learned?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I have mastered all of the first realm, but there are only five of the second realm..." I won’t be able to learn the rest. " Song Longprofound felt extremely helpless as he looked at his father.

"Don’t worry, when I get back, I will think of a way to get the Tao-creation’s incantation for you. If they don’t give it to me, I will buy it myself." Song Jiangnan said.

"This is my good old man." Song Longprofound laughed out loud. "When I learn it, I’ll let those guys who look down on me see who’s the real fool."

In the Cang Fire City, the city walls were burning with flames, and every household’s roof was burning with flames. These flames were of various colors, and in the night, they were extremely beautiful.

When Chen Xiang entered the city, he felt that it was extremely hot here, but the people who cultivated fire here thought nothing of it.

Chen Xiang followed the father and son as they walked down a wide street that was burning with flames. Because fire was the most beautiful in the dark of night, Cang Fire City was the most lively in the dark of night.

In the darkness of the night, the light of the fire illuminated the entire Cang Fire City. The multicolored flames were incomparably gorgeous and dazzling, causing Chen Xiang to sigh in admiration in his heart. This city of the Tao-creation Mountain really had its own special characteristics.

In the distance, there was a hundred-story building. The edges of each floor were burning with flames, and on the roof, there was a huge ball of fire that was like a tree’s crown dancing in the air. It was a very spectacular sight.

"Dad, you go back to the Song Clan yourself. I don’t want to go back. I’ll take my big brother for a walk. He said he wants to buy some medicinal pills, so I’ll take him there." Song Longprofound said.

"Alright, you guys have to be careful not to cause trouble everywhere." Song Longprofound warned as he quickly returned to the Song Family.

"Long Xuan, does your Song Family sell Return-to-God Dan?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No, only the Ling Family has Return-to-God Dan. Our Song Family’s specialized pills do not." Song Longprofound said: "In the Tao-creation Mountain, every family required an irreplaceable pill, or a method to refine artifacts, or maybe the existence of divine tools was special to a certain extent, so that they could have a foothold in this family. Once their pills were replaced, it would be a family crisis."

"This way, wouldn’t there be a variety of Tao-creation Divine Pills here?" Chen Xiang suddenly felt that this was probably the Alchemist’s Holy Land.

"Isn’t it! I’ll take it to the Ling Family store to buy it. " Song Longprofound said: "I know the people from the Ling Family. Although they are not very friendly, but I feel that they are much more reliable than the disciples of our Song Family."

Song Longprofound walked very quickly, bringing Chen Xiang through the blazing Cang Fire City, then arrived at a building that was hundreds of stories high.

"This is the Ling Family!" All of their shops, as well as their family members, are in this building. " Song Longprofound said: "Our Song Family’s building is dozens of storeys shorter than them."

"In here, whoever has the highest height will be the strongest?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Hmm, if you were to build it up, you would know that the taller you are, the harder it is to build it ..." There will be an invisible pressure on top of it, and ordinary materials will not be able to resist that pressure. " As Song Longprofound spoke, he brought Chen Xiang to the great hall on the first floor.