Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Song Longprofound then brought the light carriage to a counter in the corner. The other counters had people on them, but this one did not have any.

"Long Xuan, are we selling Return-to-God Dan s here?" Chen Xiang took a look at the other counters. Not only were there people selling things, there were also many other counters that were very lively. Only this counter was not the only one that did not sell anything, the counter did not display any items either.

"Brother, you don’t understand ..." After the Return-to-God Dan were all refined by the Ling Family’s Alchemist, the younger generation went to the Alchemist to retrieve their goods, and then came here to sell them. " Song Longprofound said: "Here, over ten stalls sell Return-to-God Dan s, but only here is of the highest quality, and at the same price."

"Old Song, did you pick up a Crystal emperor? You want to buy pills? " A very skinny man walked over and laughed. Although this man was small and skinny, he was dressed very extravagantly, making him look quite comical.

"Old Ling, this is my big brother, his name is Chen Xiang." Song Longprofound anxiously introduced Chen Xiang, then said to Chen Xiang: "Big brother, his name is Ling Yong, he is the shopkeeper of this counter."

"Hello!" Chen Xiang smiled.

"Old Song actually recognizes you as his big brother, looks like you’re quite capable!" Ling Yong laughed. Chen Xiang had already seen that Song Longprofound and this Ling Yong’s relationship was not bad.

"No, Old Song, this big brother of yours seems to be much weaker than you. You were not strong to begin with, so you should have found someone stronger." Ling Yong looked at Chen Xiang and confirmed that he was still from Aoshi Holy Stage after sensing that there were no Arrogant Morale on his body.

"Don’t worry, I brought him here to buy the Return-to-God Dan. Do you have any goods with you?" Song Longprofound said.

"I happen to have two, but someone has already reserved them..." Ling Yong sighed.

"Do you want us to increase the price?" Song Longprofound snorted.

"Old Song, you haven’t been staying, I just don’t understand why people call you idiot." Ling Yong laughed and admitted that he would need to increase the price to buy it.

Song Longprofound was a little angry, and glared at Ling Yong.

"Old Song, you have to understand that we are not friends. You only talk to me often, that’s why I’m so familiar with you." Ling Yong said.

Chen Xiang took out a Crystal emperor and talked: "Forget it, I will go to other houses to buy it!"

Ling Yong was indeed a businessman, with one glance, he could tell that Chen Xiang’s Crystal emperor was not ordinary. The Crystal emperor that Chen Xiang took out was one that was refined by Young girl Danling, and the quality was extremely high.

Chen Xiang just did not know whether or not the non-natural Crystal emperor would be rejected in this place.

"No, no, no." Ling Yong anxiously pulled Chen Xiang back, "Brother Shen, don’t be in such a hurry to leave!" 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Song Longprofound could tell that Chen Xiang’s Crystal emperor was not bad, the reason why he learnt the Tao-creation’s incantations was so that he could prepare them for refining. The Crystal emperor was a material for refining, and it was even used as a cultivation resource, he was obviously very familiar with it, and he could also see that Chen Xiang’s Crystal emperor was of high quality.

"Big brother, let’s go. We’ll go somewhere else to buy it. The Return-to-God Dan s here have all been reserved." Song Longprofound pulled Chen Xiang and was about to leave.

"Wait ..." My Return-to-God Dan can be sold to you all. " Ling Yong immediately said: "Brother Shen, only I will take your Crystal emperor, other people do not dare to take it."

When Chen Xiang heard Ling Yong’s words, he knew that these refined Crystal emperor were still rejected. However, the quality of his Crystal emperor was at least half a times higher than the other Crystal emperor.

"Brother Shen, you should be clear about the origins of this sort of thing. No one would want it if you took it out, but it would be useful to me, so I want it." Ling Yong took out a Return-to-God Dan and gave it to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang took the Return-to-God Dan and said: "What do you want this Crystal emperor for?"

"Of course it’s refining ... Your Crystal emperor’s quality is so high, and I want to use them myself, so it’s still worth it. " Ling Yong chuckled: "If you want a pill next time, you can still come and find me."

"Alright, big brother, let’s go." Song Longprofound anxiously brought Chen Xiang and left, arriving at the inn where he was staying.

After entering the room, Song Longprofound anxiously asked: "Big brother, are those Crystal emperor s of yours the kind that can be refined?"

"Yes, why?" Chen Xiang asked curiously.

"That’s a human blood Crystal emperor." Song Longprofound’s face was solemn: Next time, don’t take it out so casually, it’s easy to cause trouble.

"I got it!" Chen Xiang nodded his head. The term ’human blood Crystal emperor’ was something that Xiao Xianglin had mentioned before. He did not think that the Tao-creation Mountain and the top ten sects would all use this term, it could be seen that it had existed for a long time.

"Long Xuan, I’ll go try out this pill first. You rest first." Chen Xiang then entered a secret room, and then entered the Six Realms mirrors.

"Feng Yuan, it’s up to you!" Chen Xiang said. He Fengyuan’s ability to discern the pill formula from eating was extremely mystical, he had always been curious how He Fengyuan had done it, but He Fengyuan refused to say it.

He Fengyuan knew that Chen Xiang wanted to save Xiao Xianglin, and currently, the only way to quickly increase her strength was through medicine. She ate the Return-to-God Dan, closed her eyes, and went to identify the medicinal ingredients that were needed by the Return-to-God Dan.

After half a day, He Fengyuan said: "The Return-to-God Dan only uses one type of flower to refine. This flower is called the Giant flower, and it’s as big as a washbasin, weighing several hundred kilograms, and it has twelve petals. These petals are white during the day and black at night."

"With only one kind of medicinal ingredient, it’s still very easy to refine!" Chen Xiang said. This was a Tao-creation Divine Pellet, although it was of low quality, the difficulty of refining it was a challenge for Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang walked out of the Six Realms mirrors and waited outside for him.

"Big brother, how are the Return-to-God Dan’s effects?" Song Longprofound asked anxiously.

"Not bad!" Chen Xiang smiled slightly: "It’s just that I don’t know when I’ll be able to eat it if I keep eating it like this. I want to concoct this pill myself."

"Self-made?" Song Longprofound was shocked.

Chen Xiang originally thought that Song Longprofound didn’t believe in anything, but after Song Longprofound shouted in shock, he said, "Big Brother, you’re too awesome!"

"I’m still refining it!" I already know the herbs that the Return-to-God Dan needs, but I don’t know if that Ling Yong is willing to sell to me. " Chen Xiang said: "This is the Ling Family’s lifeline!"

"Let’s go ask Ling Yong!" Song Longprofound was very excited, and asked: "Big Brother, are you a Alchemist?"

Chen Xiang nodded his head, and laughed: "Yes, but I still cannot concoct a high level pellet!"

"Anyway, you are Alchemist ..." "You don’t know that refining pills is much more difficult than smithing. I had wanted to learn it as well, but the moment I heard about the process, I gave up." Song Longprofound said.

Song Longprofound excitedly brought him to the Ling Family Building. At this time, the sky was already bright, and compared to the night, it was much colder here.

This time, Chen Xiang saw Ling Yong lying on the counter. When he saw Chen Xiang and Song Longprofound, he immediately became energetic and full of smiles.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!

inclusion = " ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidccc; padding: 15px20px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {margin: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tMicrosoft Yahoo; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; mardin-bottom: 5px;}

Scan the left side of the 2-D code or copy the link below immediately to download the game, and start a new journey with the Dragon Brothers. Download link: Dragon Sacrifice: World is waiting for you to come and fight. You will receive the 10,000 yuan cash prize, the author’s signature gift, and so on. Newly registered users can participate in the event by sending a screenshot of the user to Feng Qingyang’s WeChat official account.