Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

When Song Longprofound arrived, he looked around. Since no one was nearby, he lowered his voice and said, "Old Ling, we want to discuss a special deal with you. Is it convenient to talk about it here?"

"It’s not convenient. Follow me." Ling Yong opened a door behind him, then brought Chen Xiang and Song Longprofound in.

Ling Yong knew that Chen Xiang had that kind of "human blood Crystal emperor". He was very clear that this kind of Crystal emperor was refined using human blood, so he did not mind.

"Do we still need Return-to-God Dan? I don’t have many high quality Return-to-God Dan, so I might need some time to get them! " Ling Yong sighed: "My Return-to-God Dan were all taken from my grandfather’s hands, but my grandfather isn’t the only one. He has dozens of them!"

"Big Brother, what he said is true." Song Longprofound said: "His grandfather is a Alchemist, and every month, he will only refine a large batch of Return-to-God Dan. There are twenty of these in total, which is not easy to obtain."

"Yes, my grandfather used to concoct several batches of pills a month. At that time, I would have more pills." Ling Yong was also very helpless.

"What I want this time isn’t a pill, it’s a kind of flower ...." Chen Xiang paused for a moment before continuing, "It’s a very big flower, weighing fifty kilograms. It’s white during the day, and black during the night."

The corner of Ling Yong’s eyebrows twitched, although the movement was very weak, but Chen Xiang could still see it.

"What a strange flower! I don’t have any here. " Ling Yong shook his head, but he was extremely shocked in his heart. This was because the flower that Chen Xiang was referring to was the one that refined the Return-to-God Dan.

Ling Yong thought about it for a long time. He guessed that Chen Xiang was able to identify it using the pellet, but it was too mystical, it was a secret that no one could imagine, and this was their Ling Family’s secret for many years. Anyone who knew of this secret would have to sign a blood contract, and they would all die the moment they divulge it or sell the Giant flower.

Chen Xiang took out two Crystal emperor s and placed them on the table!

"I really don’t know!" Ling Yong sighed and shook his head. He really wanted the two Crystal emperor, but he couldn’t sell them.

Young Alchemist was a common sight here, but in the Ling Family, they looked so young, but not many could refine Return-to-God Dan.

"I heard that a girl who found this flower was originally going to sell it to a shop, but her price was too high and the shop didn’t ..." There is a purple leaf tree at the entrance of the small hut on the west side of Cang Fire City. You can go and find that lady, and that’s right, the flower in that girl’s hand is too precious, so it is easy for it to attract fatal disasters. You all should hurry over. " Ling Yong said.

After hearing Ling Yong’s words, Chen Xiang understood that it was not allowed for to sell Giant flower, even these three words were not allowed to be mentioned, it was the same for Dragon-Elephant School. Those elders could not pass on the Fusion spell after learning it to others, even if it was their children.

"Long Xuan, let’s go quickly!" Chen Xiang shouted.

Song Longprofound anxiously brought Chen Xiang and quickly walked out. When Ling Yong saw that Chen Xiang did not bring away the Crystal emperor s on the table, his heart was filled with joy. He originally thought that Chen Xiang would take one of them, but he had given them all to him.

Ling Yong kept his Crystal emperor, but he was still shocked in his heart. He did not know whether Chen Xiang could really refine a Return-to-God Dan or not.

"Forget it, it’s best not to tell the family about this matter. It doesn’t benefit me at all." When Ling Yong took out the two Crystal emperor s, he felt that Chen Xiang had given him even more benefits.

... ....

Song Longprofound was more familiar with the Cang Fire City, he sprinted forward with Chen Xiang and headed towards the west city wall.

"The Ling family has found out that the lady has those kinds of flowers, they will definitely send people to assassinate her." Song Longprofound said.

"Yes, although that lady doesn’t know what flower it is, the Ling family definitely cannot allow this flower to fall into the hands of other pill shops, and they also cannot purchase it themselves. Otherwise, it would easily arouse suspicion from others." Chen Xiang said.

Soon, they arrived at the western city wall. The houses here were all of the type that descended, and this place was a slum that was extremely messy. For the greater part of a day, there were only a few people here.

"Violet Leaves Tree, over there!" Song Longprofound shouted, and then immediately rushed over.

Song Longprofound sprinted forward at a speed much faster than Chen Xiang’s, and in almost an instant, he had already rushed past. After Chen Xiang went over, he immediately felt a trace of danger.

"Long Xuan, you have to be careful!" Chen Xiang anxiously said.

After Song Longprofound entered the house, a burst of fragrance drifted over. Chen Xiang immediately waved his hand and released a gust of air, dispersing the aroma: "It’s the Poisonous scent!"

Song Longprofound had only smelled a little bit earlier, and was immediately forced out of his body. At the same time, he held his breath, and a black shadow suddenly rushed out from the rooftop.

"Leave it to me!" Song Longprofound anxiously chased after him.

Chen Xiang then activated her Counter Power and carefully entered the house, only to see a woman dressed in white, with a snow-white robe lying on a chair.

"Xuan Fei!" Chen Xiang almost shouted out, he anxiously teleported over and picked Peng profoundfei up, and sent him to You Yao Mountain Villa, giving him to Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Su Meiyao and Bai Youyou were extremely anxious, especially Su Meiyao, whom she liked the most. When Chen Xiang came to Tao-creation Place, Su Meiyao had mentioned it several times, and told Chen Xiang to think of a way to find this White Roc Girl.

Now, they had suddenly encountered it, and Peng profoundfei had been poisoned.

"The poison isn’t too deep. Xuan Fei already has a certain level of resistance towards poisons, and she also has a slightly deeper understanding of poisons. She can use her own methods in time to resist the spread of the poison." Bai Youyou used the extremely strong Icy cold power to seal the poison in Peng profoundfei’s body, and then extracted the original version of the poison from the Poisonous scent in the room, then began to refine the antidote pill together with Su Meiyao.

"Why is Xuan Fei here?" After entering the You Yao Mountain Villa, Peng profoundfei’s wings had disappeared, and her expression was haggard. Chen Xiang could not help but feel his heart ache, as she caressed her face that was as white as paper.

"I don’t know. Anyway, I found her. Fortunately, it’s not too serious." Su Meiyao let out a light breath.

When Chen Xiang came out of the You Yao Mountain Villa, he saw Song Longprofound carrying a black clothed man and walking over.

"Big brother, after I caught him, he was scared out of his wits, but his body is still fine." Song Longprofound said.

"Burn him." Chen Xiang nodded.

"What about the girl?" Song Longprofound asked.

"I really didn’t expect her to be a friend of mine who has been missing for so many years. She has been poisoned by one of my divine tools, so nothing should happen to her. Let’s go back." Chen Xiang said, "Long Xuan, do not bring up this matter today to anyone."

"I got it!" Song Longprofound nodded.

When Chen Xiang and Song Longprofound returned to the tavern, Chen Xiang had been paying attention the entire time. He did not notice anyone following them, which made him feel a lot more at ease.

At night, Chen Xiang was in his room waiting for him to wake up.

Peng profoundfei, this White Roc girl, was originally taken away by her grandmother and went to Tao-creation Place. However, Chen Xiang did not understand one thing, Peng profoundfei had actually stepped into the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, although it was only the early stage, he was not weak in this place.