Deep in the night, Peng profoundfei woke up. When she woke up, she saw Su Meiyao, Bai Youyou and the others.

After she confirmed that she was not dreaming, she threw herself into Su Meiyao’s and Bai Youyou’s embrace and sobbed.

When Chen Xiang entered the You Yao Mountain Villa and saw Chen Xiang, she felt more at ease. She knew Chen Xiang’s abilities.

"Are you alright?" Chen Xiang laughed. Back then, Peng profoundfei had said that she would marry whoever wanted to save her father. In the end, she was sure that she would leave with Chen Xiang, but she was suddenly taken away by her grandmother.

"Xuan Fei, I missed you so much." Su Meiyao caressed Peng profoundfei’s beautiful jade face.

"I miss you guys a lot too!" Peng profoundfei said.

"Where’s your grandmother?" Chen Xiang asked.

Mentioning her grandmother, Peng profoundfei’s expression darkened, and said: "She’s dead .... When we came to the Tao-creation Place, we hid and hid, especially after we came to the Tao-creation Mountain, we were often hunted down because we were soul beasts. Once, Grandmother took me along to escape while defending against the enemy’s injuries. In the end, we were surrounded! " UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"In order to help me escape, Grandmother transferred all of her power to me and helped me escape."

Peng profoundfei’s eyes were moist. Although her grandmother took her away, he treated her very well.

"It’s all in the past now!" Bai Youyou consoled.

"Mm, I’m really happy to be able to see you two." Peng profoundfei said.

Xiang’er and Yu’er already knew about Peng profoundfei’s situation. When Peng profoundfei was unconscious, Long Xueyi chattered incessantly, telling the entire story to the two girls. They had always liked listening to the stories, so they listened to them very patiently.

"Oh yeah, don’t you have a Giant flower?" Qin Shuang asked.

"Giant flower?" Peng profoundfei obviously did not know the name of this flower, but she quickly thought of it. She immediately took out her Giant flower and asked: "Is it this flower?"

It was currently black, and because it was night outside, its color changed according to the time outside.

"Probably." Chen Xiang received it and felt its weight. It really did weigh a hundred kilograms.

"Where did you get it?" Long Xueyi asked.

"I got it from a forest." Peng profoundfei said: "Coming to this place, I have no one to rely on, and don’t have enough Crystal emperor s on me. I originally wanted to sell one of them, but no one wanted to ... "I didn’t expect that someone would set their eyes on me and poison me."

Qin Shuang said, "They poisoned you for another reason ..." Qin Shuang patiently told Peng profoundfei about the Ling Family and the Return-to-God Dan, making him very angry.

"I didn’t know about this. He actually wanted to kill me to silence everyone." Peng profoundfei frowned, and said angrily.

"It’s fine, let Chen Xiang teach them a lesson." Feng Ke’er laughed.

Chen Xiang took the Giant flower, went inside the Six Realms mirrors and examined it. After she was certain, he then gave it to the Mei Jing Sisters for them to grow.

Chen Xiang walked out of the room and looked at the blazing Cang Fire City outside. He asked, "Big Brother, how is it?"

"Everything is going smoothly!" Chen Xiang said, "Long Xuan, I remember you saying that there is a Time Formation here, right?"

"Yes, big brother. You want to use it?" Song Longprofound asked.

"Yes, I came to the Tao-creation Mountain to increase my own strength ... The main thing is that my master was captured by a group of strong people, so I have to save her. " Chen Xiang said: "I need to quickly reach the Late period of World Defying magic realm."

"Big Brother’s master... Can I help? " Song Longprofound felt that the situation was extremely serious.

"That group of fellows is very strong, they are all from the Peak of World Defying magic realm." Chen Xiang sighed.

"We, the Song Family, have Time Formation, but it is not something that anyone can use." Song Longprofound said: "But you can ask Ling Yong, he might have a way."

"Alright, let’s go now." Chen Xiang didn’t use the Time Formation for cultivation, but to duplicate a large number of Giant flower.

Right now, even if he used the third stage of Time Formation, he would need a lot of time to grow more. After all, this was a Tao-creation divine medicine.

When Ling Yong saw Chen Xiang, he did not know if he had obtained anything from it, but he anxiously brought Chen Xiang into the room.

"Did your Ling Family kill many people who obtained those flowers?" Chen Xiang asked as soon as he entered.

Ling Yong did not deny it. He nodded: "I have never fought before ... Moreover, the other clans have done the same thing in order to protect the clan’s interests, and I personally do not agree with this approach. "

"Old Ling, I want to use the Time Formation to help me buy as much time as possible." Chen Xiang said: "What can you do? The reward is good! "

Ling Yong thought about it, he could think of a lot of things, because he guessed that Chen Xiang had already obtained the Giant flower, and would need a lot of time to grow it.

"I coincidentally have a chance to use the Time Formation, so I can transfer it to you ... This is transferable. " Ling Yong said: "But the price is ...."

"Name your price!" Chen Xiang said. He was more or less willing to invest.

"A Tao-creation Holy stone." Ling Yong said.

Tao-creation Holy stone were extremely precious, even if they had Crystal emperor s, they might not be able to be bought.

"What’s the situation with the Time Formation?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I can use it for ten days. In ten days time, it should be around five thousand years ... It can only be used by one person at the most, once this Time Formation senses other people, it will immediately stop working, and I will also be punished, so you have to guarantee that you can only use it by yourself. " Ling Yong said.

"No problem. When can I use it?" Chen Xiang asked, and took out a piece of Tao-creation Holy stone.

"I can do it now!" When Ling Yong saw the Tao-creation Holy stone, his eyes shone. After receiving it, he immediately brought Chen Xiang upstairs.

The Ling Family’s building was hundreds of floors high, and Chen Xiang did not know how many floors he reached at the end. In short, he passed through many doors before he arrived at a very large stone room.

"In the middle is the Time Formation. When someone enters, it will automatically activate and they can leave during the process. In total, it will stop after ten days." Ling Yong said: "Remember, only you can use it."

"Don’t worry, I hope that I can continue to cooperate with you in the future." Chen Xiang smiled slightly.

Ling Yong walked out of the stone room feeling at ease.

Chen Xiang let Jiang Simei out, and let her be responsible for bringing the Giant flower into the Time Formation.

"Beauty, thousands of years have passed. Thank you for your hard work." Chen Xiang said.

"It’s only been a few thousand years. It’s nothing much, I was just learning the Tao-creation’s incantation along the way!" Jiang Simei laughed openly before bringing the Giant flower in.

If Jiang Simei could increase her cultivation inside and master the Tao-creation’s incantation, she would only need to cultivate the Twin Life Mysterious Techniques with Jiang Sijing, and Jiang Sijing would be able to do the same.