Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was going to release Time Domain to let him learn the Tao-creation’s incantation.

"Let’s use the Triple time field!" Chen Xiang felt that it was a pity, if Xiao Xianglin was here, he would be able to teach how to learn the Tao-creation’s Incantation, which would allow him to learn the incantations faster.

He had already mastered the first level of the Incantation of Elements and the second level of the Increase spell, and the third level was the Space mantra. Right now, he was in no hurry to master it and was instead going to learn the fourth level of the Fusion spell.

"Let me see, can you learn a few more things? It should be enough to learn the sixth." Chen Xiang used Fusion spell mainly for pill refining.

If he were to fuse with Six beasts, six Fusion spell would obviously not be enough!

"Ah Hu also has a special Fusion spell. I might be able to use it."

Ah Hu’s Fusion spell belonged to the Legendary mantra rank, but Chen Xiang felt that this Legendary mantra must have evolved from a Fusion spell. If he could master the nine Fusion spell, maybe his learning would be even faster.

Chen Xiang’s Legendary mantra had already been snatched away by an elder of the Dragon-Elephant School. This elder had already been killed by Xiao Xianglin using the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal, and his corpse had already been preserved by Xiao Xianglin, most likely for the sake of preserving the Legendary mantra as well. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

After staying in the Time Domain for the past few years, Chen Xiang had experienced the importance of talent even more. For people like him who didn’t have talent, it was simply too difficult to learn. However, with Xiao Xianglin’s talent, learning Legendary mantra was like playing, which made him extremely envious.

Ten days later, Chen Xiang came out of the Time Domain and sighed, "I can only learn the sixth Fusion spell, but its progress is too slow."

He had spent hundreds of years in the Time Domain!

When Jiang Simei came out of the Time Formation, she spent even longer inside!

"Beautiful, thank you for your hard work!" Chen Xiang said. Jiang Simei had lived alone for so many years, this was extremely difficult to bear.

"It’s fine, I’m learning the Tao-creation’s incantation, time flies." Jiang Simei smiled slightly.

"How are you doing?" Chen Xiang was also very curious.

"The Increase spell has been learned. The Fusion spell has learned three." Jiang Simei sighed softly, "I don’t have talent, so my progress is extremely slow. Your master is much faster."

"Yes!" I must save her, and then I will teach you the Tao-creation’s Incantation. " Chen Xiang said.

"In total, I grew a hundred Giant flower. I wonder if that’s enough." Jiang Simei said.

"It should be enough!" The combination of the Fusion spell and the derivative method could improve the quality a lot.

Right now, he could only rely on pills to improve himself. Otherwise, even if he trained in the Time Formation for a few thousand years, it would be hard for him to step into it.

When Chen Xiang walked out of the secret room, he found that Ling Yong was already waiting for him outside.

"Will there be more in the future?" Chen Xiang asked, he wanted to use it once more, because it would be faster.

"Yes, ten years later!" Ling Yong said.

Ling Yong could only use the Time Formation once every ten years, but he sold this opportunity. This way, he would be able to obtain a Tao-creation Holy stone.

Using this chance to exchange for a piece of Tao-creation Holy stone, he felt that it was still worth it.

Chen Xiang did not say anything. He followed Ling Yong downstairs, and when they reached downstairs, Song Longprofound anxiously brought them in.

"Happy cooperation." Ling Yong laughed and bid farewell to Chen Xiang.

Song Longprofound brought Chen Xiang back to the tavern.

There was only one use of the Time Formation every ten years, and only Ling Yong knew how to sell it. The number of Return-to-God Dan was not many, only a little every day. Furthermore, the quality was very low for Chen Xiang.

"I’ve checked. Right now, there are only fifty Return-to-God Dan in the Ling family’s shop every month. There’s really not enough of them!" Song Longprofound said: "The Ling family attaches great importance to this type of pill, it seems like they plan to control the number of Return-to-God Dan."

"After that, we’ll raise the price and wait for the price to go up before we put out a little more." Chen Xiang said, he knew what the Ling Family was going to do right away.

"That’s right!" It’s all up to Big Brother now. If you can refine it, then you don’t need to ask for help from the Ling Family. " Song Longprofound laughed.

Chen Xiang took out the Giant flower and sniffed it. This was a Tao-creation divine medicine, he had never seen it before.

"sister Meiyao, you try refining it too." Chen Xiang said.

Following the previous route, Chen Xiang would first refine one pellet, then give it to the Young girl Danling to see if they could evolve. Now, he also planned on doing the same thing.

Su Meiyao of course wanted to refine one as well. She had been studying the Tao-creation Incantation all day long and had planned to give it a try since long ago.

Chen Xiang entered the Six Realms mirrors and closed his eyes. He did not know what she was doing.

"Feng Yuan, what kind of ingredients do you think it would be better for the Giant flower to add in?" Chen Xiang said.

"You don’t have many Tao-creation Divine Medicines in your hands! Giant flower is a divine medicine of the Tao-creation. If they want to add other medicinal herbs, then it must also be a divine medicine of the Tao-creation. " He Fengyuan said: "If you had even more of the Tao-creation’s divine medicine, I might be able to deduce that I would be able to sense the effects of the fusion of the medicinal ingredients."

Sometimes, when two different medicinal herbs were fused together, the effects would be several times, or even a dozen times greater than before. This was the reason why pills were so expensive after they were refined.

"Alright!"

Hearing He Fengyuan’s words, Chen Xiang decided to take He Fengyuan to see some of the Tao-creation’s divine medicine.

Chen Xiang walked out of the room and called Song Longprofound out.

Song Longprofound saw a beautiful girl in a white dress standing next to Chen Xiang.

After He Fengyuan heard it, she did not say anything and only smiled sweetly. In front of others, she appeared to be very natural and gentle, making others feel that she was a natural and graceful woman ...

Seeing He Fengyuan’s reaction, Chen Xiang was secretly startled, this Heavenly Proud Empress had actually changed so much, now it did not look like she had any sort of temperament at all.

"Good God, he’s not my wife, he’s just a friend." Chen Xiang laughed and scolded, "Long Xuan, I need to go to a shop that can choose the Tao-creation’s divine medicine. Do you have it here?"

Song Longprofound had a look of "I understand" on his face, and laughed twice: "Of course there is, I should be able to find Ling Yong since he is there too."

After Song Longprofound walked downstairs, he did not know where he got a car to get He Fengyuan and Chen Xiang to get on it. Then, he rushed over to the Ling family store.

"I didn’t expect us to look like a couple!" He Fengyuan chuckled.

"It doesn’t look like it at all. It’s just that this guy thinks so." Chen Xiang curled his lips: "On the other hand, Heavenly Proud Divine Lord and you seem to be husband and wife, both of you are eccentric."