Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

When He Fengyuan was inside the Heavenly Proud Imperial Palace, he did whatever he wanted. Even the Heavenly Proud Divine Lord knew about it, but he didn’t ignore it. Even when He Fengyuan made a fake prince out, he actually recognized this son that was not related to him in any way.

Chen Xiang also felt that it was weird.

"Don’t mention him. The reason why I’m together with him is because of my father." He Fengyuan snorted lightly: "That guy is the real prodigy. He obviously controls such a huge empire but he doesn’t pay any attention to him, allowing others to insult his empire."

"Feng Yuan, you seem to have an ability that can distinguish the characteristics of medicinal ingredients? I dare say you have never seen a Giant flower before, nor have you heard of this name, but you know it. " Chen Xiang had always been very curious about this.

"The ingredients are spiritual. You are a Alchemist, you should know this better than me." He Fengyuan said.

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "You can communicate with the spirit of the medicinal materials?"

It was possible for Chen Xiang to establish a connection with the spirit of the medicinal ingredients, but he could not go that deep, nor could he be that fast! Moreover, He Fengyuan did it using pills, this was even more unbelievable, because after the ingredients were refined, the spirit essence would basically be erased too.

"Low-priced medicinal ingredients have spirits, high-ranked medicinal ingredients, and those that reach the level of the prideful medicine will have souls, which is the Medicine soul! But it is very weak, and the Tao-creation’s divine medicine’s Medicine soul is very strong. "

This was the first time Chen Xiang had heard such a thing.

"Even though the medicinal ingredients were refined into a pill and the Medicine soul had been torn apart, there are still remnant souls within the pill. These remnant souls contain certain information, and the most specific information is about the shape and ability of the medicinal ingredients, and then is the Medicine soul’s ability to sense the outside world. For example, the Medicine soul can hear the conversation of humans, so the Medicine soul knows the name of their own body.

It could be seen that she was trying to completely resolve the conflict between her and Chen Xiang when He Fengyuan had told her the secret.

"How did you do it?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I had previously fused with a World Defying Stage Fierce Soul called the Grass and Wood Souls." He Fengyuan said: "It is precisely because of this that my father is able to become a Alchemist, and I myself am not proficient in alchemy."

Chen Xiang suddenly felt that this He Fengyuan would be of great help to him.

"Chen Xiang, you and I have a promise, you promised me, you will help me recover my cultivation." He Fengyuan said: "If I did not have enough pills, it would be impossible for me to recover my original cultivation! I have also signed a blood contract with you, so I will not harm you in the future. Moreover, in this kind of place, our cooperation will be of great benefit to both sides. "

"I will definitely do what I promised you. But now, you should also know that my master has been taken away. I need to go save her." Chen Xiang said. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Xiao Xianglin was very strong, his artifact forging skills were not bad, and he had an exceptional talent in Tao-creation’s incantations. If he was together with Chen Xiang, it would be able to increase Chen Xiang’s strength, and this was something He Fengyuan was happy to see.

Right now, she treated Chen Xiang as her own reliance. She had considered everything regarding Chen Xiang in the long term, weighing the pros and cons.

"Give me a Giant flower. When I go and observe the Tao-creation’s divine medicine later, I will be able to tell which Tao-creation’s divine medicine has the most effect after being combined with the Giant flower." He Fengyuan said.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang took out a Giant flower and passed it to He Fengyuan: "How do you see it? It’s really magical! "

"This is a kind of feeling. I can simultaneously fuse the Medicine soul power of two medicinal herbs with my wood spirits, and then feel the reaction of the Medicine soul s of the two medicinal herbs towards each other." He Fengyuan said.

Chen Xiang also did not understand, because he did not have any plant essence.

"We’re here!" Song Longprofound shouted from outside.

"Chen Xiang, this foster brother of yours isn’t a bad person. Don’t mistreat him." He Fengyuan said.

"I know!" Chen Xiang nodded.

When He Fengyuan walked out of the carriage, her jade-like face revealed a faint smile. Then, she held onto Chen Xiang’s arm, elegantly got down from the carriage, and followed Chen Xiang into the hall.

After all, he had just obtained a piece of Tao-creation Holy stone, and was in a very good mood. However, just as he was about to leave the counter, he saw a noble person, Chen Xiang, coming over, and bringing this beautiful and charming woman along.

"Brother Shen, you just left and you’re back. Did you suddenly think of something you want to buy?" Ling Yong laughed.

"My friend wants to buy the Tao-creation’s divine medicine, what good stuff do you have? Show it to us. " Chen Xiang laughed.

"Please come in!"

Ling Yong brought Chen Xiang and the other two into a great hall. There was a long table in the great hall, and then, one after another, he took out the Tao-creation’s divine medicine and placed it on the table.

"These are all grown by our Ling Family. There is a large amount of sources, and they are all low grade Tao-creation Divine Medicines." Ling Yong said: "With my current level, I can only get this Tao-creation’s Divine Medicine."

When He Fengyuan saw the Tao-creation Divine Medicines, he frowned slightly and looked at them seriously. Furthermore, he picked them up with both hands and checked again and again, until only Chen Xiang knew that she was using that mysterious ability to communicate with the Medicine soul.

"How much are these Tao-creation’s Divine Medicines selling for?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Ten portions of Crystal emperor. That’s very cheap." Ling Yong laughed.

Chen Xiang looked, although he did not recognize any of the Tao-creation Divine Medicines, they looked to be of average quality.

"The quality is not good." Song Longprofound curled his lips: "Old Ling, is this all you have?"

"Our Ling Family has a lot of disciples, and a lot of wolves and little meat. I’m already quite amazing for me to be able to supply a large amount of goods." Ling Yong said.

Of course, He Fengyuan felt that this wasn’t a problem at all. She knew that the women in the You Yao Mountain Villa were extremely good at growing medicinal ingredients, and could increase the quality of the medicinal ingredients.

He Fengyuan looked for an entire two hours. If it wasn’t for the fact that Chen Xiang was a great benefactor, Ling Yong would definitely be impatient. He also didn’t understand why this woman would look at him for so long.

Song Longprofound was also very suspicious, but did not ask, only drinking tea with Chen Xiang and chatting on the side.

There were more than twenty kinds of Tao-creation Divine Medicines on the long table, which could be said to be an extremely large number, and in the end, He Fengyuan chose three of them: Ye, Grass and Fruit.

"If you want these three things, you’ll need ten portions first." He Fengyuan said.

"I only have these kind of Crystal emperor, do you accept them?" Chen Xiang took out three Crystal emperor s and gave them to Ling Yong.

"Of course!" Ling Yong didn’t avoid this kind of blood Crystal emperor. He laughed as he received it, and then took out ten portions of those three medicinal ingredients.

After buying it, He Fengyuan pulled Chen Xiang and hurriedly walked out of the shop. Song Longprofound also felt that it was strange as he seemed to be slightly nervous.

After getting on the carriage, He Fengyuan panted a few times, "This is too unexpected, I never thought that there would be such a good medicine!"

Song Longprofound had already started to drive.

"What good medicine?" Aren’t they all low grade Tao-creation Divine Medicines? " Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"It’s not that bad to have low-grade Tao-creation Divine Medicines ... The main reason for forging pills is due to the reaction between the medicinal herbs and the medicinal herbs. The quality of the reaction is high, and its effects are even better! " He Fengyuan said.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!

inclusion = " ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidccc; padding: 15px20px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {margin: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tMicrosoft Yahoo; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; mardin-bottom: 5px;}

Scan the left side of the 2-D code or copy the link below immediately to download the game, and start a new journey with the Dragon Brothers. Download link: Dragon Sacrifice: World is waiting for you to come and fight. You will receive the 10,000 yuan cash prize, the author’s signature gift, and so on. Newly registered users can participate in the event by sending a screenshot of the user to Feng Qingyang’s WeChat official account.