Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Those cyclones are actually Medicine soul?" Chen Xiang did not expect this, because he looked like he really wanted to breathe. %,

Relying on the high level of World Defying Stage Fierce Soul, it contained extremely powerful energy. After the Tao-creation’s divine medicine was refined, it would become a Medicine soul, and Chen Xiang was able to accept that, but he never thought that the Medicine soul would actually be like that.

"After the Medicine soul was burnt and refined by your flames, it became like this. You don’t have to find it strange." He Fengyuan said: "Right now, you have more important things to do. If you want to succeed in condensing the pellet, you will need a lot of time."

Chen Xiang felt that there shouldn’t be any problems in using Fusion spell s. Other than that, he also planned to use derivation and Increase spell s, this would allow the quality of the pills that were refined to be even higher. If his abilities allowed it, he would definitely pursue a higher quality.

"Begin the derivation technique!" Chen Xiang was familiar with the method of derivation the crystal ball used.

However, the process was extremely slow. He felt that he could only use the derivation technique once. If he continued to use it, it would take more time and it would not be convenient to fuse them. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"I have already mastered the sixth stage of Fusion spell. The best state for me to fuse them is six." Chen Xiang decided to let the large crystal ball give birth to five small crystal balls.

The derivation took more than ten days of his time. Fortunately, he was inside the Time Domain, otherwise, he would not be able to refine much of it in one year.

"Next, I’m fusing!"

Chen Xiang was inscribing Fusion spell s on a large crystal ball and five small crystal balls.

"Xiao Ke’er, wait a moment, there might be movement." Chen Xiang said. When all the Medicine soul gathered together, they released a very strong power, and it was only because Feng Ke’er acted in time that he was able to turn the tide.

"I know, I’m always paying attention." Feng Ke’er said.

The speed at which the balls gathered was rather fast, contrary to Chen Xiang’s expectations, it had actually fused together very quickly, and did not emit any sort of explosive energy.

"Actually, you don’t have to worry about that. The energy of these essential medicines was already perfectly fused before. Using the derivation method, you only allowed them to give birth to Medicine crystal s that have the same energy, so there won’t be much of a reaction when they are combined." Feng Ke’er said.

Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief and laughed: "Seems like I have already neared success!"

Following that, Chen Xiang began to compress the gigantic Medicine crystal. He wanted to compress it into a pill, which was an extremely arduous process.

"You have to be careful when you condense your final medicinal pill." He Fengyuan warned repeatedly, "I once heard from my father that when refining the Tao-creation’s divine pellet, many of them failed in the process of condensing a pellet!"

"Oh? I have always felt that the Core Formation stage is the safest. Although it is a little difficult sometimes, it should not be a problem. " Chen Xiang said.

"This is the Tao-creation Divine Pill." He Fengyuan said: "Just pay attention to a little bit."

Right now, Feng Ke’er was releasing a type of sealing force, combined with Chen Xiang, to gradually decrease the pressure on that group of Medicine crystal.

After going on for three days, Feng Ke’er suddenly shouted in shock.

Chen Xiang was so scared that his face turned white, because the Medicine crystal that was suppressed much smaller was shaking violently, unable to control itself, and unsure of what caused it, because it contained such a strong energy, both Chen Xiang and Feng Ke’er were extremely worried that it would explode.

"Activate the Six Realms mirrors’s formation." Chen Xiang anxiously shouted.

Feng Ke’er immediately went to activate the Six Realms mirrors’s array formation. At the same time, Chen Xiang threw a few pieces of Crystal emperor into the array formation, allowing the Six Realms mirrors to absorb the Crystal emperor’s energy.

After the Six Realms mirrors had released the large formation, the huge crystal ball that had been frantically trembling was immediately suppressed.

"It was caused by the unstable energy." Feng Ke’er was very anxious just now.

He Fengyuan had already warned them before that they must be careful. As expected, something went wrong now, and it was fortunate that they could be controlled in time. Otherwise, the consequences would be unthinkable.

The crystal ball was still big and had not become a small pill yet, so Chen Xiang could only continue to make it smaller. Only by doing so could he get the highest quality, and eating it would have a huge effect on him.

In the following ten days, Chen Xiang and Feng Ke’er experienced the unstable state of the crystal ball everyday, and there were a few times where they almost exploded! It could be seen just how big it was. Even many experienced old Alchemist did not dare to come in this way.

This was also the reason why He Fengyuan had such a good impression of Chen Xiang.

"Tao-creation Divine Pill is just not easy to refine!" Chen Xiang saw that the pressure on the pellet was already very small, but he still did not dare relax. After going through more than ten unstable situations before, he was still on guard when concocting the pellet.

"It’s a success!" Chen Xiang finally compressed the pill to the size of a standard pill, and he had to wait patiently for two hours for this pill to not be unstable.

Chen Xiang took out a shiny white pellet from the Tianchuang furnace. It looked like a white gem and was extremely beautiful.

"This should not be a Return-to-God Dan." Chen Xiang laughed: "Feng Yuanyuan, it’s best if you come up with a name. After all, the pill formula is something you concocted."

"World Defying god-becoming Dan!" He Fengyuan said: "Quickly feed your Young girl Danling to see if they can evolve."

Chen Xiang immediately gave the painstakingly refined pill to Jiang Lisi.

After Jiang Lisi received it and did not eat it, she said with absolute certainty: "No matter how much we consume, it will not evolve."

"Why? "How can you be so sure!" Chen Xiang said.

"To be able to form such a pill is already beyond the scope of our cultivation ..." We are currently unable to absorb the energy contained within this pellet, and it will be hard for that energy to be regenerated. " Jiang Lisi was very sure.

"Alright, looks like I can only slowly refine it." Chen Xiang felt that the Young girl Danling’s current cultivation was a little low, so he followed a lot of them. They would condense pellets or Crystal emperor everyday, but they did not manage to properly raise their own cultivation.

Chen Xiang asked Jiang Lisi to cultivate. Once Jiang Lisi had improved, he would be able to cultivate the twin life techniques with Jiang Sihua, while Su Meiyao’s Young girl Danling, Su Xiao Yao, would be able to condense Crystal emperor with him.

The Crystal emperor still had a lot of use to Chen Xiang.

"I can only try the effects of this pill on myself." Chen Xiang was really looking forward to the effects of this pellet. If it was a Return-to-God Dan, it would need two hundred of them to breakthrough.

After Chen Xiang ate the World Defying god-becoming Dan, the energy that exploded outwards filled his body immediately, causing his body to swell up while the energy that poured in from the sky above the Divine Sense Sea was like an enormous waterfall falling from the nine heavens.

The sudden influx of vast energy caught Chen Xiang by surprise. He hurried to direct the energy and irrigate all of his World Defying holy soul s!