Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang never expected that there would be so much energy. After all, this was his first time refining the Tao-creation Divine Pellet, and he had even used many methods to do so.

"This is definitely not something that Return-to-God Dan can compare to." Chen Xiang had stabilized the situation inside the Divine Sense Sea, the Return-to-God Dan was only able to strengthen the peak of the Aoshi Holy Stage’s Sacred Soul, that’s all.

However, the World Defying god-becoming Dan he had just eaten could actually improve in all aspects. Chen Xiang felt that this pill, even after stepping into the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, would definitely have an effect.

After He Fengyuan finished describing the effects of the pill in detail, he was deeply satisfied. She herself was also looking forward to eating this pill.

Right now, Chen Xiang was in a rush to break through to save his master, so even if He Fengyuan really wanted to eat, she would not let Chen Xiang refine it for her at this time.

Chen Xiang’s Time Domain continued to circulate silently. A first level Time Domain did not consume too much energy, it would automatically absorb the energy in Chen Xiang’s body and circulate.

Chen Xiang needed a period of time to refine the energy inside the World Defying god-becoming Dan. If he did not use the Time Domain, he would waste a lot of time.

One month later, Chen Xiang had finally refined the pill’s energy. At this moment, his body was radiating with a faint trace of great Arrogant Morale!

Chen Xiang had already clearly understood what kind of power a "Arrogant Morale" was. Entering, was just like the Tao-creation’s divine medicine being refined, it was a kind of soul power!

"This is Arrogant Morale!" Chen Xiang released a strand of Arrogant Morale from his palm. Like a fiery-red mist, it floated above his palm. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Chen Xiang withdrew his Arrogant Morale and walked out of the secret room. He had spent more than two months inside the Time Domain and it had only been a little more than two days outside.

"Long Xuan should be learning the Tao-creation’s incantation right now." Chen Xiang had already stepped into the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, adding the Six beasts in his body, he could be considered to have quite the strength, but to deal with the Peak of World Defying magic realm, it was still very difficult.

Chen Xiang came out to stretch his bones, then went to find Ling Yong to buy some medicinal ingredients before entering the secret room to refine the World Defying god-becoming Dan.

This time around, the refinement process was a bit shorter than before. Although he could complete it within a month, he could only refine one pill. Fortunately, the effect of this pill was very strong, and a single pill could bring a vast amount of energy.

Chen Xiang had already stepped into the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, so he only needed to use the second stage of Time Domain to refine pills. There was no pressure at all, and after refining thirty World Defying god-becoming Dan inside the Six Realms mirrors, even if thirty months had passed, it would only be one day outside!

"Thirty World Defying god-becoming Dan." Chen Xiang looked at the World Defying god-becoming Dan and took one pellet. He wanted to see what effect this pellet had on the early stage of World Defying Stage Divine Rank.

In just three days, he had completed it. This was mainly because he had made a breakthrough, and with his increase in various aspects, the rate at which he absorbed the energy was very fast.

"The effect has been reduced by quite a bit!" Chen Xiang frowned, he previously thought that he would be able to eat these kinds of pills and step into the middle stage of World Defying Stage Divine Rank, but now, he had to eat at least a hundred of them.

And he only had a hundred Giant flower, so he wouldn’t be able to grow a large number in a short period of time.

Even his master Xiao Xianglin had to put in a lot of effort before being able to succeed. Xiang’er and Liu’er had long since stepped into the early stage of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, but could not reach the middle stage for a long time.

"Forget it, increasing is increasing, but it’s not that the effects are too little, I don’t have enough Giant flower ..." I have to think of a way to plant more Giant flower. "

Chen Xiang’s only option was to think of a way to buy Time Formation s to use.

Su Meiyao and the rest of the women were all at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage now. The Holy Elixir condensed by the Young girl Danling had allowed them to reach the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage very early on.

"sister Meiyao, you guys eat the World Defying god-becoming Dan first to raise your cultivation. You guys enter the World Defying Stage Divine Rank first."

Chen Xiang still had twenty-nine World Defying god-becoming Dan, and those girls only had around ten in total.

Chen Xiang allowed He Fengyuan to enter the You Yao Mountain Villa, made them all stay in the same room, and then used a set of Time Domain on them.

Because there was an extra person who was using the Time Domain, Chen Xiang’s consumption of energy was huge, but it did not stop him from strolling around.

Chen Xiang could only go and find Ling Yong now, because Song Longprofound was currently in closed-door training to learn the Tao-creation’s Incantation so he couldn’t wander around with him anymore.

"Old Ling, can you help me find the Time Formation ... ..." Like the one you gave me last time. " Chen Xiang said, he needed a large number of Giant flower.

"Speaking of which, what exactly are you doing using the Time Formation?" Ling Yong was extremely curious.

"Growing medicinal herbs!" Chen Xiang said.

Chen Xiang had already stepped into the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, and Ling Yong could feel it too. He guessed that Chen Xiang had only broken through so quickly after cultivating for a few thousand years.

Ling Yong’s eyebrows twitched, because he knew that the cultivation process of Giant flower would take a long time, so he could only use Time Formation.

"I don’t have that kind of flower that weighs a hundred catties." Chen Xiang said, because Ling Yong already knew that he was looking for Giant flower.

"Brother Shen, I’ll be honest. Even if you can obtain that flower and refine that pill, it will be useless because the Ling family will not let you go." Ling Yong shook his head: Why do you have to go through all this trouble?

Ling Yong thought that Chen Xiang was secretly refining the Ling Family’s Return-to-God Dan, because the Return-to-God Dan needed the Giant flower as a medicinal ingredient.

"Are you talking about the Return-to-God Dan?" Chen Xiang said: "What I am refining is not a Return-to-God Dan, it is another type of pill, but it is way better than that of a Return-to-God Dan! Old Ling, if you were to say that you can advance from the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage to the World Defying Stage Divine Rank after eating just one pill, what kind of price would you think this pill would fetch? "

If it was in the past, Ling Yong would definitely not agree with it. He thought Chen Xiang was joking, but when he saw Chen Xiang’s confident expression, he believed that he was not spouting nonsense.

"Eating Return-to-God Dan requires a lot of time. Some people only need two hundred pills to break through, while others need three hundred, or even four hundred pills ... It has nothing to do with talent or anything like that. Back then, I took more than 500 pills before I succeeded. " Ling Yong sighed. Back then, he had to eat for many years before he could break through.

"Eat so much? He must have eaten for a very long time. If he has the time, he might even be able to endure until his breakthrough. " Chen Xiang shook his head and laughed.

"Isn’t it so... Many people ate them for nothing, and wasted a lot of Crystal emperor s. " When Ling Yong thought back to it, he also felt extremely pained.

"If there really is a pill that can help one break through with just one bite, then no matter what, it should be at least two or three Tao-creation s." The price that Ling Yong was talking about was extremely conservative, this could even be higher.