Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang did not have many Tao-creation s, if he could get his hands on a group of Tao-creation Holy stone, it would be much easier to obtain Time Formation! Of course, if he were to sell it in large quantities, it would definitely attract a lot of attention.

"Old Ling, take one and see for yourself. You should be able to feel the power of this pill." Chen Xiang took out a World Defying god-becoming Dan and gave it to Ling Yong.

Although it was worth two or three Tao-creation s, Chen Xiang was willing to give it all to make Ling Yong believe it. If Ling Yong could confirm the effects of this pill, he would ask Ling Yong to help him sell it.

"Is this true?" Ling Yong’s breathing quickened. He didn’t really believe it, but he did not dare to doubt Chen Xiang at all.

Ling Yong took it, and after eating it, his face changed, because the energy that suddenly surged in him was simply too vast. Although he was already at the middle stage of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, when he felt the energy, his heart would still palpitate with fear.

"How is it?" Chen Xiang laughed. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"Very strong!" Ling Yong said in a low voice: "Was it made with that flower?"

Chen Xiang nodded his head, "This is a secret, so don’t spout nonsense!"

Ling Yong completely understood that the reason why Chen Xiang gave him the pellet to test it was to have him go out and sell it. This was of great benefit to himself, and was much better than the pitiful Return-to-God Dan that he had to wait for every month.

"Three Tao-creation Holy stone are not a problem." Ling Yong said.

"Help me sell ten of them. I’ll give you two Tao-creation Holy stone. How about it?" Chen Xiang said.

"No problem!" In order to make Chen Xiang trust him, he even signed a blood contract with Chen Xiang. He didn’t want to leak out this matter, and he would definitely not hide anything from Chen Xiang during the whole process of the transaction.

After that, Chen Xiang handed the ten World Defying god-becoming Dan s over to Ling Yong with extreme ease.

"If I eat it at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage, it might take a month to be refined." Chen Xiang said: "Generally speaking, this kind of pill should at least have verified its effects before obtaining the Tao-creation’s Holy stone, right?"

"Don’t worry, the process will be quick!" This kind of pill can only be bought by the disciples of large families, and they have all bought it for important disciples, so they all have Time Formation s, so circulating it for one month does not consume much energy. " Ling Yong said: "Just wait here for a few days, I’ll go look for a buyer."

Ling Yong was a person who specialized in business. He definitely had a wide range of connections, so Chen Xiang didn’t need to worry.

"Xuan Fei, they haven’t come out yet. Are you bored?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Don’t be bored, there are so many fun things here." When Peng profoundfei was in You Yao Mountain Villa, all of the other girls had already eaten their World Defying god-becoming Dan and cultivated behind closed doors. Only Jiang Sihua and Jiang Sijing had not gone, because they could have made breakthroughs through their Twin Life Mysterious Techniques.

Chen Xiang looked at the large number of Blood devil shark in his Divine Sense Sea and said: "Xuan Fei, you, Xiang’er, Liu’er, can you help me catch some Blood devil shark? Then, I’ll put it in a secret room in the Six Realms mirrors ... "

Chen Xiang wanted to use these Blood devil shark to feed Ah Hu. Although Ah Hu could eat pills, Chen Xiang felt that if Ah Hu were to fuse with these Blood devil shark, his body would become even stronger.

"No problem." Peng profoundfei also wanted to find something to do. As she had received the energy from her grandmother, she had entered the early stage of World Defying Stage Divine Rank and did not need to eat any pills.

Following that, Xiang’er, Yu’er and the three women, along with Peng profoundfei, continuously grabbed Blood devil shark s and entered them for Ah Hu to fuse with.

Chen Xiang had already stepped into the World Defying Stage Divine Rank at the moment, so he was relieved to have Ah Hu level up.

Ah Hu did not directly eat the Blood devil shark, but had directly fused it with his special type of fusion powers. Its fusion speed was extremely fast, and it was possible for him to fuse with a Blood devil shark in practically a short period of time.

Back then, Chen Xiang had caught a lot of Blood devil shark, he felt that it should be enough for Ah Hu to step into the World Defying Stage Divine Rank.

After a day had passed, the girls in the You Yao Mountain Villa had also spent a month inside the Time Domain. Other than He Fengyuan, all of them had successfully stepped into the World Defying Stage Divine Rank.

"Feng Yuan, eat another pill." Chen Xiang gave He Fengyuan another pill. The pill He Fengyuan had eaten before could only restore her damaged Divine Sense Sea, but now, she had recovered her cultivation and was at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage.

Therefore, she needed to eat another pill!

He Fengyuan also did not expect herself to recover her cultivation so quickly and step into the World Defying Stage Divine Rank. She thought about it and was extremely excited, she felt that if she was still at the fifth floor of the World Defying Stage Soul River and still in that Heavenly Proud Imperial Palace, she would not know how long it would take for her to step into the World Defying Stage Divine Rank!

Chen Xiang had stayed in Ling Yong’s living room in the Ling Family Building for two days. Now that He Fengyuan had also stepped into the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, he was even more confident than before.

The World Defying god-becoming Dan’s pill formula was concocted by He Fengyuan herself, and it was extremely successful. Even she herself was very satisfied.

Ling Yong returned with a face full of smiles.

"How is it?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"It went very smoothly and the buyers were very satisfied." Ling Yong laughed: "I told the buyers not to leak this information, they agreed and signed the blood contract."

"That’s good then. If this were to be leaked out, it would be detrimental to both you and me." Chen Xiang nodded.

These buyers suddenly allowed their own genius disciples to enter the World Defying Stage Divine Rank. This was enough for them to boast for many years, so they were all very willing to try.

Ten pellets, each pellet was sold for three Tao-creation s, for a total of thirty pellets. Chen Xiang originally promised Ling Yong two, but he gave Ling Yong three pellets now, since he still had twenty-seven pellets.

To Ling Yong, this kind of cultivation level, a Tao-creation Holy stone was considered very expensive. If he did not have this opportunity, who knows how long it would take to obtain it.

Even if he were to sell the Time Formation, it was not always bought by people, and selling Return-to-God Dan s through selling medicinal ingredients would only earn him a small profit. At this moment, he was already blooming with joy.

"Now that I become a Tao-creation Holy stone, can someone help me get a Time Formation?" Chen Xiang asked: "Like the one I used last time ... There’s no need for too much time. It’s enough to change it for a hundred years every day.

The last time Chen Xiang had entered, he had used the Six Realms mirrors to replicate it, but it was not impossible for him to replicate it. It was just that it would take a long time because the Time Formation used a large number of Tao-creation Incantation and would need at least a few months to replicate it. At that time, he only had ten days.

"I can take out a total of thirty Tao-creation Holy stone s." Chen Xiang added.

"I can help you ask around, but our Ling family did not sell it, so the other families definitely have it ..." Time Formation is very expensive, and it is even in the form of an array disc. Maybe thirty Tao-creation s are not enough. " Ling Yong said.