Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

For the sake of time, Chen Xiang felt that it wasn’t a big deal to pay more Tao-creation Holy stone.

"Yes, you go and ask first, I will go back to refine pills." Chen Xiang said. Originally, he thought that he had earned quite a few Tao-creation Holy stone s, but if he wanted to use them to buy Time array s, it was simply not enough.

Returning to the tavern, Chen Xiang saw that Song Longprofound’s room was empty. He walked in and discovered that Song Longprofound had left a note saying that he was going back to his clan for important matters.

Chen Xiang walked into the secret room and sighed. His Time Domain had never been able to break through, it could only be the Triple time field, and that was his limit. If he wanted to break through, he could only control the Time Curse.

"There should be a few people here who can use the Time Curse." Feng Ke’er said: "The time incantation is the seventh stage of the Tao-creation’s Incantation, then it’s not easy to learn."

Chen Xiang felt that even if he used all his strength, he wouldn’t be able to master the Time Curse within a year. For someone like him who didn’t have the talent to learn Tao-creation’s Curses, learning the Tao-creation’s Curses was a gradual process. He could only take it one step at a time.

"Right now, I can only continue refining World Defying god-becoming Dan!" Chen Xiang only had a total of a hundred Giant flower, and he had already refined more than thirty of them.

"This place controls a lot of precious Tao-creation Divine Pills." He Fengyuan said: "That Ling Yong basically did not dare to mention the word ’Giant flower’."

"Yes, if it wasn’t for Xuan Fei obtaining the Giant flower, I probably wouldn’t have any leads even now." Chen Xiang nodded his head, he had originally planned to buy pills that could help the World Defying Stage Divine Rank break through quickly, but when he thought of this problem, he felt that even if he knew the recipe, without the ingredients, it would still be difficult to refine.

"From the effects of the World Defying god-becoming Dan, I can let you step into the middle stage of World Defying Stage Divine Rank, but you need to refine more! I need a large number of Giant flower. " He Fengyuan said: "Now that Mei Jing Sisters and the others have stepped into the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, the speed at which the medicinal herbs are ripened is much faster."

Chen Xiang had just remembered that after the Mei Jing Sisters and the others broke through, the speed at which they grew medicinal ingredients would be even faster, especially for Jiang Simei. He had stayed in the Time Formation for five thousand years and had learned some Tao-creation’s incantations.

Right now, Jiang Sijing was training the Twin Life Mysterious Techniques with Jiang Simei, and after they finished, Jiang Sijing would be the same as him.

Chen Xiang used a second stage Time Formation on them and waited for half a day before they were done.

Chen Xiang asked the Mei Jing Sisters to come out, and then gave him a Giant flower, and three other medicinal ingredients. They were all used to refine World Defying god-becoming Dan.

"Feng Yuan, you come out too!" Chen Xiang also let He Fengyuan come out from the You Yao Mountain Villa. She was no longer in the Six Realms mirrors but was growing medicinal herbs with the Mei Jing Sisters.

"What are you going to do?" He Fengyuan saw that Chen Xiang was extremely excited and was filled with suspicions. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"Beautiful, Sijing. I remember that you two had the ability to fuse several medicinal ingredients together." Chen Xiang said. This was something that Mei Jing Sisters did when they were bored.

They asked the characteristics of several different kinds of plants and trees to be combined together, and then they came up with a medicinal herb with many different characteristics.

"Yes." Jiang Simei nodded.

"You can try and see if you can fuse these medicinal herbs." Chen Xiang pushed the Giant flower and three types of supplementary medicine over.

At this moment, He Fengyuan also felt that it was extremely mystical. She could only see the reaction after fusing a medicinal herb with a medicinal herb, but she had never thought of combining the medicinal herb with a new kind of medicinal herb.

It was unknown what Jiang Simei and Jiang Simei were doing as they shot out several beams of light from between their eyebrows into the medicinal herbs.

"It may take a little time. Furthermore, we don’t seem to be able to find the Medicine soul s for these medicinal ingredients. " Jiang Sijing said.

"Feng Yuan, try working together with them. If I succeed, it might make me concoct pills faster. Moreover, I can also add in the characteristics of other medicinal herbs, such as those that are easy to grow." Chen Xiang said.

"Alright!" He Fengyuan was extremely interested in this kind of thing and nodded immediately.

After the three of them entered the You Yao Mountain Villa, they began.

Chen Xiang then released his Time Domain and continued refining the World Defying god-becoming Dan.

A day later, he exited the Time Domain and had already successfully refined thirty pills. After that, he arrived at Ling Yong’s counter.

"It’s been over a month. I wonder how Master is doing now." Chen Xiang didn’t have any news about her, and was extremely worried.

After waiting for half a day, Ling Yong returned.

"Any news?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No, Time Formation is already very difficult to arrange, it is the clan’s Incantation Master used many years to complete it, and the convenient Time array is even more difficult to refine, no one is willing to give it to you, even if you have it, the price is not something you can afford." Ling Yong shook his head.

Chen Xiang sighed helplessly, he could still use the Triple time field, but with it, there would be no need for him to waste any more effort. Using it to make Jiang Simei use the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, had already consumed a lot of his energy.

His Time Domain’s biggest weakness was that the higher his cultivation was in the domain, the greater the consumption he would have. Therefore, when he used the Triple time field, he could at most only enter one person.

"Time array is the most beloved of Alchemist and Refiner ... Thus, they are extremely rare, and are all controlled by a large power. " Ling Yong said: "I actually heard that on the mountain of Tao-creation, there is some Alchemist Competition. If you win, you will receive the Time array’s rewards."

Chen Xiang’s heart skipped a beat and asked: How can I participate?

"I am not sure right now, but you can go to the Tao-creation’s Wood Mountain and ask." Ling Yong said.

"Where is the Tao-creation’s Wood Mountain?" Chen Xiang was currently on one of the Tao-creation Mountain, which was very huge, there were many families there.

"This is the Tao-creation’s Wood Mountain ... The so-called ’top area’ means a higher place. I have never been there either. " Ling Yong said: "I heard from the clan elders that in order to reach that place, one would need at least a month."

Chen Xiang felt that he didn’t need a month because he had Ah Hu and Ah Hu also knew how to use the power of space.

"Alright!" Chen Xiang had already decided to go. Once he obtained a good Time array, he would be able to buy a lot of time, which would allow him to steadily improve.

Chen Xiang immediately moved and rushed towards the higher grounds of Tao-creation Mountain.

Ah Hu’s flying altitude was limited, once he reached a certain height he would be unable to go up, he could only run up the mountain. Fortunately, the mountain was very huge, so it wasn’t too steep.

Ah Hu traveled through space and space at an extremely fast speed. As long as he didn’t meet a strong opponent, he wouldn’t be able to catch up to them.

"Why are there so many Blood devil shark s? It’s not for nothing!" Seeing how much Ah Hu had improved, Chen Xiang was very pleased in his heart.