Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had met a Wandering Old Man before, and from that place, he found out about the matters of the Tao-creation Mountain.

This mountain of wood on the Tao-creation was called Wood Mountain Sect, and was the strongest in this Tao-creation Mountain. It also accepted disciples from other countries, but the requirements towards disciples were very harsh, sometimes even those with talent might not be able to enter.

Originally, it would have only been a month’s journey but with Ah Hu’s mad dash, it only took him seven or eight days. Chen Xiang had already arrived at the city outside of Wood Mountain Sect.

The majority of the people here came from the various great clans and sects in the mountain range of Tao-creation. The reason they were here, was also to become the disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect.

As long as a family member was able to join the Wood Mountain Sect, it would be an extremely glorious matter. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

As Chen Xiang walked on the streets, he realized that there were quite a few of them in the later stages of Aoshi Holy Stage, as well as some of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank s, but not many of them.

"The peak Aoshi Holy Stage s here should all be the genius disciples from the clan, right?" Chen Xiang saw a few teenagers who were all at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage.

"If you were to sell the World Defying god-becoming Dan here, you would definitely sell very quickly." He Fengyuan said.

After Chen Xiang asked around, he soon found out that the Pill Refining Competition was the victor. The prize was indeed a Time array which would turn into a hundred year old Time Formation in one day.

This was already pretty good for Chen Xiang. He knew that activating this kind of formation would consume a large amount of Crystal emperor.

"To actually need ten Tao-creation Holy stone to participate in the competition, it’s really a scam!" Chen Xiang secretly curled his lips. If there were a lot of people participating, then it would not be a loss for the Wood Mountain Sect. If there were a hundred people participating, then just taking the Tao-creation Holy stone would make a thousand.

Chen Xiang arrived at the entrance of the Wood Mountain Sect. There was a small hut there.

The person in charge of receiving them was an old man. He sized up Chen Xiang and did not say anything as he let Chen Xiang take out ten Tao-creation Holy stone.

After Chen Xiang took out the Tao-creation Holy stone, he received a jade tablet. The old man had him drip blood on it, this could prove that he was a participant.

"Twenty-fifth?" "So few people?" Chen Xiang looked at his own jade tablet, and was a little surprised. He thought that there would be a lot of people participating.

"This time, it’s a lot. In the past, it was even less." The old man curled his lips: "Young man, don’t think that just by participating you can get an award. Even if the other Alchemist s are all idiots and you don’t have any real ability, you won’t be able to last until the end."

"I know." Chen Xiang only wanted to give it a try.

"It will start in three days ... These kinds of competitions are always held once every month. " The old man laughed: "It’s just that this time’s registration fee has been reduced, and Time array are the best, so there will be more people participating."

had never heard of it before.

Chen Xiang took his jade tablet and found an inn to rest.

"How are you doing?" Chen Xiang asked Jiang Sijing and the others.

"There are some results. Although it hasn’t been completely successful, this method is still feasible." Jiang Simei said: "It’s a good thing we have Feng Yuan’s help, which is why we are able to make such progress."

"That’s good. Whether or not we can step into the middle stage of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, all depends on this pill." Chen Xiang entered the Time Domain. Right now he was learning Fusion spell, he planned to take these three days to study hard.

Three days had passed, and when Chen Xiang came out of the Time Domain, he only had a little bit of improvement in learning Fusion spell. He felt that he could soon grasp the seventh Fusion spell.

He thought that there wouldn’t be many people left, but when he entered the Wood Mountain Sect, he realized that there were about two hundred people lined up together.

The competition venue was in a large plaza, and there were many stairs around the plaza. Most of the seats were filled, and most of them were disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect, while the rest were there to support the participants.

"This time, we have truly tricked Dad. We registered early, and wanted ten Tao-creation’s Holy stone, but we actually only needed five people to register later on." A middle-aged man cursed in a low voice.

"That’s right! Furthermore, there are still dozens of Wood Mountain Sect disciples participating. This time, we probably don’t have any chances of winning. "

"This Wood Mountain Sect is so unlucky. If their disciples participate, we definitely won’t have any chance of winning."

"It seems like this competition is originally for their Wood Mountain Sect’s disciples. However, in order to earn some Tao-creation’s Holy stone s, we are truly a group of idiots."

"He’s too greedy, coveting that Time array of his."

When Chen Xiang heard the complaints of the crowd, he did not feel well. The main reason was that he had signed up with ten Tao-creation s and only used five from behind.

"This Wood Mountain Sect, is really tricked." Chen Xiang could not help but ask.

"If you feel like it’s a scam, you can get lost now." This was a disciple of the Wood Mountain Sect, and all of them wore the same clothes.

"If you give me back the ten Tao-creation Holy stone, I’ll leave immediately." Chen Xiang snorted.

"Humph, you’re thinking too highly of yourself." The azure-robed man laughed coldly.

"So why don’t you Wood Mountain Sect people complain? You black-hearted bastards. " An old man could not bear to watch any longer and shouted angrily.

"All of you shut up, you bunch of trash. Weren’t you guys here because of greed?" The disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect all scolded.

"You despicable fellows, if you had explained this earlier, who would have come to participate?" A middle aged man and a Wood Mountain Sect disciple started cursing at each other.

"You bunch of weaklings, are you afraid? I knew you were trash." The disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect laughed in ridicule.

"Quiet!" An old man said in a deep voice.

Chen Xiang and the rest of the people who came to participate could only hold back their anger. Those who came to participate, were all outstanding Alchemist.

On the other hand, the disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect looked at Chen Xiang and the others proudly.

"I know that those who are participating in the competition have some complaints in their heart. We don’t want to see anything like this happen. It’s mainly because of some special circumstances that changed the rules ... In order to compensate you, we will increase the reward. " The old man said loudly: "As long as you can get first place, not only can you obtain Time array s, you can also obtain one of the Tao-creation’s Sacred Crystals!"

The Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal!

When everyone heard this, their hearts thumped wildly, because according to the legends, only one thousand Tao-creation Holy stone could be exchanged for a single Tao-creation Holy Crystal. There might not even be anyone willing to exchange for one, so it could be seen how expensive the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals were.

"It’s just a pie." Someone snorted in a low voice, because the disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect were all very strong.

"Everyone, don’t worry. The disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect are all young Alchemist, you should all be able to tell that the reason they are participating is just to gain experience." The old man said, "When all of you are participating in the Pill Refining Competition, you don’t need to take this to heart."

Chen Xiang swept his eyes across the group of Wood Mountain Sect disciples. They were indeed a group of young people full of vigor, but he could still see that there were a few that were extremely calm.