Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Because they had the Tao-creation Divine Crystal as a reward, their anger had dissipated by quite a bit.

"Alright, we can start the match now." The old man said, "Now, we will begin the first round. We will determine the medicinal properties of the pills!"

"It means eating a pill and then identifying the medicinal ingredients used to concoct the pill." The old man waved his hand and asked for people to take out many large wooden boxes.

The old man opened a wooden chest and said, "There are a total of thirty types of medicinal ingredients in this wooden chest, and the pills for you guys will all require five types of medicinal ingredients. As long as you identify at least three types, you will pass the first round."

The old man waved his hand, and over 170 small rooms appeared behind him.

"All of you, wait in the small room for your selection. You just need to put the ingredients in a jade box and hand it over to our old man for inspection." The old man said, "You only have two hours. Now, I will give you a pill."

All of the participants received an Inferior Grade Tao-creation Divine Pill.

Chen Xiang brought a big box into the small room.

"We’ll definitely pass the first round!" Chen Xiang laughed and said, because with He Fengyuan here, He Fengyuan’s strongest ability would be to eat a pill, and then he would know what kind of medicinal ingredients the pill was made from.

Chen Xiang gave He Fengyuan the unknown low rank Tao-creation Divine Pellet.

After He Fengyuan ate it, after about an hour, he said, "The five types of medicinal ingredients that are needed, are all fruits ... It was called the Mysterious Stone Fruit! Five different Profound Stone Fruits had similar effects, but after fusing them, their effects would increase by more than ten times ... These five Profound Stone Fruits are mainly separated by color, and their colors are all different. "

Chen Xiang immediately rummaged through the big box. There were only 30 types of herbs, it was too easy to find 5 stone like fruits inside.

However, even after Chen Xiang searched thoroughly, he only found three.

"Oh yeah, Feng Yuan, what’s the use of this pill?" Chen Xiang asked.

"The function is to suddenly make your muscles stronger. It has a certain degree of defense and can last for around two hours." He Fengyuan said: "They only put in three medicinal herbs, probably because they do not want others to know the specific pill formulas."

This test was very difficult for many people, because after they ate a pill, they knew the effects of this pill and could also sense a little bit of the characteristics of the medicinal ingredients. However, they had to rely on that tiny bit of feeling to guess which ones were needed from the thirty different types of medicinal ingredients, which was a very harsh test for the Alchemist.

Chen Xiang placed the three stones into the jade box and walked out of the small house. At this moment, he saw that many disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect had already come out.

As for the other contestants, a small portion of them also came out.

After two hours, even if they couldn’t identify him, they would still have to guess. In the end, they could only blindly guess.

"Good, now open your jade boxes." The old man said.

After opening the jade case, Chen Xiang swept his eyes across the others. What made him a little surprised was that among the disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect, more than ten of them were wrong, and in the other jade boxes, there were three stone-like Profound Stone Fruits. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

And among the foreign contestants, there were only thirty people who could tell the difference. This was not easy either; it was clear that they were very skilled.

Over a hundred people had signed up for the first round, and only thirty of them were left. The disciples of Wood Mountain Sect were also left with thirty or so.

Those people who had registered with the Tao-creation Holy stone and been eliminated, left while cursing loudly. They couldn’t do anything as their skills were still lacking.

"Good, good for both of you! I believe that all of you should be aware of the two medicinal ingredients that are needed to refine this kind of medicinal pill. Yes, we did not place the other two Profound Stone Fruits in that box. " Chen Xiang did not know what the old man was doing, but the competition rules were still fair, because the disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect did not know.

"And next, we will give you the remaining Profound Stone Fruits so that you can refine them into pills. The thirty people with the highest quality will not be eliminated." The old man said.

A few people walked up and placed two Profound Stone Fruits into the jade box. Right now, the five Profound Stone Fruits in the jade box were all of different colors.

Chen Xiang looked carefully, and noticed that there was a big problem with the two profound stone fruits that he had just put in.

"All of you will enter a Time Formation to refine pills together. You only have a month’s time." The old man said.

In the middle of the plaza, a Time array appeared. It had become extremely large, and there were over seventy competitors, but it was not crowded.

"It’s only been one month inside the Time Formation and two hours outside. Let’s begin now." As the old man’s voice fell, the Time Formation opened. In the area enveloped by the spatial formation, there was a distorted barrier, and the time inside was different from the time outside. From the outside, one could not see what was happening inside.

"Those guys who came to participate in the competition really overestimated their own abilities. They definitely didn’t know that among the disciples of our Wood Mountain Sect, there were a few who were the disciples of the great grandmasters."

"In the end, the Tao-creation’s Sacred Crystals and Time array were still our Wood Mountain Sect’s disciples."

"They are able to pass the first round. They do have some ability."

"So what? They will definitely not be able to pass the next round. As we saw earlier, the two Profound Stone Fruits that were given to us afterwards are of poor quality, and only our Wood Mountain Sect’s Creation Art can raise the quality of those medicinal herbs. "

While Chen Xiang was inside the Time Formation, he heard a few young disciples from Wood Mountain Sect whispering to each other. He was secretly angered in his heart, he previously thought that the Wood Mountain Sect was more fair.

Now he knew, that was only done on purpose. The Wood Mountain Sect was still quite evil, otherwise they would not have done what they had done before. The temporary rule, to let so many disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect participate!

"I must beat these guys!" Chen Xiang thought: "What kind of Wood Creation Art do they have? It sounds pretty good, but it should be very beneficial for growing medicinal herbs. I wonder if we can get it for Mei Jing Sisters and the rest to use!"

Chen Xiang carefully examined the two Profound Stone Fruits. They looked bright on the surface, but there was very little vitality contained within them. They had been used in a unique way, absorbing all the energy within, causing the quality of the two medicinal ingredients to drop by a lot.

"Meimei, you two stop immediately." Chen Xiang said to Jiang Sijing and the others, then he sent the two Profound Stone Fruits to them, and used the Time Domain on them, allowing them to restore the original quality of the two Profound Stone Fruits.

This was a piece of cake for Mei Jing Sisters. Chen Xiang executed it using the second stage of Time Domain, and they only used one day to complete it.

After obtaining a perfect Profound Stone Fruit, Chen Xiang began to refine it. The five Profound Stone Fruits were relatively easy to refine because they had the same characteristics.