Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The Profound Stone Divine Pill was relatively easy for Chen Xiang to refine, and was much easier than the World Defying god-becoming Dan he had refined before. When he was refining the World Defying god-becoming Dan, he couldn’t have completed it successfully without Feng Ke’er’s help. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

But now, when he was refining the Profound Stone Divine Core, the five Profound Stone Fruits had quickly fused together. Moreover, after their fusion, they did not emit any sort of explosive energy, unlike the World Defying god-becoming Dan he refined previously, they did not nearly explode. "..."

"Do you want to use the derivation method to refine it?" Feng Ke’er asked.

In order to improve its quality, I can feel that the Wood Mountain Sect must have cheated severely. If I don’t go all out, I might not be able to last until the end, so I can’t lose out on those ten Tao-creation Holy stone. "

When Chen Xiang signed up for the competition, he used ten Tao-creation Holy stone s.

After the Profound Stone Fruit melted, it became a Medicine soul. A few Medicine soul fused together to form a crystal. It had only been five days, and it was already much faster than when he was refining the World Defying god-becoming Dan.

Next, he started using the derivation method to create five small crystal balls. After that, he engraved the Fusion spell on them and began the fusion process.

The process was very smooth, and the pressure was reduced.

During the process, Chen Xiang had Feng Ke’er help. This would be faster and more stable.

The participants had already been in the Time Formation for fifteen days, Chen Xiang did not know how the others were doing, in short, he was about to succeed in condensing the pellet, and had already begun to inscribe the Increase spell.

"I wonder how Wood Mountain Sect disciples refine high quality pills." Chen Xiang was worried that the Wood Mountain Sect would intervene.

After he finished inscribing the Increase spell, Chen Xiang walked out of the Time Formation. He realized that there were already many disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect present, and a jade box was placed in front of them.

Inside the jade box that was opened, there was a Mysterious Stone Divine Pill.

Chen Xiang carefully observed around him. Their profound stones and divine pellets had only just been made, it was very easy to tell that they were all of good quality.

But Chen Xiang knew that two of the Profound Stone Fruits had been tampered with. If he could not handle the two Profound Stone Fruits properly, the refined Profound Stone Deity Pellet would not be comparable to the ones refined by the Wood Mountain Sect disciples, because the disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect had a kind of divine technique which could raise the quality of the medicinal ingredients.

"Now, let’s begin the test!" An old man shouted. He walked up with an artifact and began to test it one by one.

The first to start the test was for the Wood Mountain Sect disciples.

"300 points!" "Not bad, not bad!"

"Three hundred and twenty."

"Three hundred and ten."

"Three hundred and thirty!"

As the old man was testing, he was reporting the numbers. Everyone could see the numbers displayed on his testing equipment.

The highest quality the disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect possessed was three hundred and seventy percent. Basically, all of them were over three hundred, which made those who were participating feel a lot of pressure.

"Why are their qualities so high? This is obviously impossible! "

"That’s right, I used my own equipment to test it. It’s only a little over 200!"

"Could it be that their Profound Stone Fruits are all good?"

"Anyway, when I refined them, those two Profound Stone Fruits lowered their quality by a lot. If those two Profound Stone Fruits were good, then my quality would be more than three hundred!"

The outsiders that were participating in the competition were all discussing in a low voice, feeling unconvinced in their hearts. This made the disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect extremely proud, because they could be sure that those that were added to the competition would all be eliminated.

It was Chen Xiang’s turn.

"Six hundred and thirty!" The old man shouted in disbelief.

Chen Xiang was very confident in the pill he had concocted. After all, he had used a Stage Nine Increase spell.

When the disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect heard this, their faces were all filled with disbelief.

"Elder, how is this possible? Is there a problem with your equipment? "

"That’s right. Looking at his appearance, he’s just a poor boy. How could he have refined such a high quality pill?"

"Something must have gone wrong!"

The disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect shouted. They could not accept that such a lowly kid was actually so much stronger than them.

Those people that were participating in the competition all had a whole new level of respect for Chen Xiang!

"It’s absolutely true. There won’t be any problems with my equipment ..." The reason why the quality of these pellets is so high is mainly because there are nine Increase spell inside. " The old man looked carefully at Chen Xiang refining the Mysterious Stone Divine Pellet, and exclaimed in shock.

After the people watching the competition heard this, they all exclaimed in surprise. To actually be able to inscribe nine Increase spell s to enter while refining pills, not everyone would have a chance to learn all of them.

Even if there was a chance, it wouldn’t be that easy to grasp!

The disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect all shut their mouths, because even amongst them, the most they could grasp was three Increase spell, which was far inferior to Chen Xiang. They could only feel jealousy in their hearts.

"Twenty-fifth, what’s your name?" the elder asked.

"Chen Xiang!" There was no need to even mention their names, when they signed up, they were only given a number plate. Chen Xiang was number 25.

The old man nodded. Their Wood Mountain Sect welcomes talented disciples.

The pellets they refined were at most two hundred and twenty, but they were still pretty good because they had no way to improve the quality of the two Profound Stone Fruits, but they were about the same as the disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect.

If they had all used Profound Stone Fruits of the same good quality, then it was possible that many Wood Mountain Sect s would have been eliminated.

In the end, the quality test was done, and only Chen Xiang, the foreigner, could still stay. The rest were all eliminated, and the Wood Mountain Sect disciples were also eliminated by a few.

There were only thirty people left, and twenty-nine of them were disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect s. Only Chen Xiang was an outsider.

"The Alchemist in this place are quite good as a whole." Although they were all eliminated, all of them had real abilities. With one look, one could tell that they were the pillars of a power, but facing such a huge being like the Wood Mountain Sect, they could not say anything. At most, they could only complain a little.

The participating Wood Mountain Sect disciples all felt very uncomfortable in their hearts, because in the end, the ones that remained were not their own Wood Mountain Sect disciples, but an outsider, and they were all very strong.

"For the next third round, you will all have to refine ten identical pellets, and then sell them on the spot. Within a set amount of time, the one who sells the most Tao-creation Holy stone will be the final winner." The old man began to announce the rules for the final round.

Although Chen Xiang was very strong, the disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect did not think that Chen Xiang would necessarily win in this round, because their Wood Mountain Sect’s pills were even more attractive.

"According to the time of a single pill, I’ll give you ten months ..." Of course it’s inside the Time Formation. " The old man smiled. "We won’t have to wait for too long outside before we can see the results."