Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang felt that the difficulty wasn’t too high, but he was worried that the Wood Mountain Sect would cheat. After all, there were outsiders who won, and the Wood Mountain Sect had to give him a Time array and a piece of Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal.

"Excuse me, but how can I be sure that all the pills will be refined by myself?" Chen Xiang asked: "If there are people who take out pills refined by their own elders to sell, won’t they win for sure?"

Most of them were outsiders, although they had lost, but there was still Chen Xiang who was an outsider present, and his strength was not bad. They all hoped that Chen Xiang could get first place, this would make them feel better.

"What do you mean? Do you really think that our Wood Mountain Sect would cheat? " A disciple of the Wood Mountain Sect shouted angrily at Chen Xiang.

"When you were refining the Mysterious Stone divine pellet, you gave me the two Mysterious Stone Fruits. Both of them were of poor quality ... But the divine abilities of your Wood Mountain Sect s can raise the quality of the medicinal herbs ... Furthermore, you suddenly allowed the disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect to join us earlier, so I am not at ease at all in this last round. " Chen Xiang did not even look at the disciple who was jeering at him, which made that disciple very angry.

Being able to become the disciple of the Wood Mountain Sect was an extremely glorious thing, but Chen Xiang did not even glance at him.

Alchemist who were just eliminated heard Chen Xiang’s words and could not help but scold him in a low voice.

This is a test for the Alchemist. I think it’s not a big deal. "" Okay. An old man said, "Since you don’t trust this final hurdle, what do you think we should do?"

"Of course it is to swear a blood oath. The pills for the last stage are not made during the competition. They will all be devoured by the blood oath." Chen Xiang said: "This is a very simple matter." Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"Alright, as you wish!" The old man agreeing to Chen Xiang’s request was a very simple matter. If he did not agree, he would not be convinced by the masses.

After that, Chen Xiang and the disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect swore a blood oath together, causing the curses of many to fade because the matter of refining the Profound Stone Divine Pellet previously had caused many of the eliminated Alchemist s to be unwilling to accept it.

The third round of the competition had begun. Chen Xiang and the disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect entered a Time Formation and started to refine pills.

The old man said, "The victor of the third round needs to be judged by everyone. The result will be more fair!"

There were many powerhouses present who were watching. They had all secretly planned that if it was possible at that time, they would definitely let Chen Xiang win.

"If you want to participate in the third round’s assessment, you must first prepare ten Tao-creation’s Holy stone ... Or more. " The old man said, "Because at that time, you will have to buy the pill they just refined... "Therefore, if we were to help one of them win, we must think clearly about whether the pills that you have bought will be of any use."

The person who wanted to help Chen Xiang just now had already left. If it was said that many Tao-creation Holy stone would buy some useless things, then that would be a huge loss.

"Alright, then everyone will begin registering ..." "If you’re not satisfied with the pills, you don’t need to buy them." The old man said.

The judge of the third round, was who had more pills, and although the people here were resentful towards Wood Mountain Sect, but at that time they would be able to buy a good Tao-creation Divine Pill, they would be more than happy to do so.

"At that time, each of you can only spend a maximum of ten Tao-creation s. This is to prevent cheating and there are no members of our Wood Mountain Sect s among you so everyone can be at ease. This will definitely be very fair." The elder smiled and said, "I believe everyone here should hope to be able to purchase a valuable and useful pill. When the time comes, all of you should act a bit faster."

There were a total of fifty people who signed up for the pill buying competition, and all of them were big shots of their own power. For them to be able to purchase pills with ten Tao-creation Holy stone, it meant that when the time came, many of the thirty participants would not be able to sell their pills.

What Chen Xiang had refined were obviously World Defying god-becoming Dan s inside the Time Formation. He had observed just now that the big shots of the forces who were watching the competition had brought a few late stage or peak Aoshi Holy Stage s to watch, and World Defying god-becoming Dan s were extremely useful to them as they could shorten the time needed for them to step into the World Defying Stage Divine Rank.

Chen Xiang had refined quite a few World Defying god-becoming Dan previously, but refining ten pellets did not give him much pressure. Ten months had passed, and he and the other disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect had all come out of the Time Formation.

"Alright, fifty friends on the scene, you are the buyers. You must sell them your pills. You can set the price yourselves." The old man shouted, "Just follow the sequence of messages and sell your pills."

A man from the Wood Mountain Sect anxiously shouted: "My pill is called the Green Wood Spirit Gathering Pellet. After consuming it, anyone from the middle stage of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank will immediately recover their energy when they get tired, they only need five Tao-creation s!"

Everyone was secretly thinking, if he wants five Tao-creation Holy stone like this to break through the pellet, why don’t you go snatch it?

The fifty buyers were indifferent because the pill was of little use to them.

"Three Tao-creation Holy stone!" The man panicked and shouted again, cursing his master in his heart, teaching him how to refine such a useless pill.

None of the fifty buyers had any thoughts. They didn’t even look at him.

It was the second person’s turn.

"My name is the God Creation Pellet. After consuming the early and middle stages of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, I can only increase my cultivation by a limited amount." A short disciple from Wood Mountain Sect said with a complacent expression, "Roughly just eating five hundred of these pellets will allow you to advance from the early stage to the middle stage! Eating 2,000 pills would allow one to advance from the middle stage to the late stage, which is a relatively famous pill in our Wood Mountain Sect. Now, only seven Tao-creation s are needed, so there are usually eight of them. "

Some of the buyers were tempted, but they didn’t immediately make a move. These buyers were all elderly or middle-aged and they were very smart because even if they missed out on this pill, they would still be able to buy it from the outside.

After all, they could only spend ten Tao-creation s. If there was a good pellet later on, they would not have the chance to buy it, so they had to patiently wait for the Alchemist s to finish introducing their own pellets.

The man who refined the God Creation Pill was originally very proud, but at this moment, he looked displeased. This was because his pill wasn’t attractive enough and the buyers were just waiting and watching.

"Divine Resurrection Pill!" In the middle and late stages of World Defying Stage Divine Rank, if one’s body was injured, it would take around twenty hours to recover most of it after consuming it. A square-faced man said: "Only eight Tao-creation Holy stone are needed."

This was not a bad healing medicine, and was also under everyone’s consideration. They were still spectating, because the Resurrection Divine Pill could also be sold outside, but it was relatively more expensive.

The pills refined by the following disciples all had decent effects. Chen Xiang was a little tempted when he heard them, but he did not have the qualifications to buy them.

Chen Xiang was the twentieth person to come out, and it was very soon for his turn. Although the disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect didn’t think much of Chen Xiang, they still had some expectations. After all, Chen Xiang had merged with nine of the Tao-creation’s incantations while he was refining pills!