Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

When Chen Xiang was refining the Profound Stone Divine Pellet, many people were looking forward to the astonishing quality. Even if his usage of the pellet wasn’t that outstanding, because of the quality, many people were still willing to buy it.

"Hmph, this fellow is full of confidence. Don’t tell me he has a good pill?" The pills our Wood Mountain Sect refines are the best. "

"Of course, I don’t know what small family he comes from, even if he has good pill formulas, how can he compare to my Wood Mountain Sect?"

"Soon it will be his turn. When that happens, his pills will only make people laugh."

Finally, it was Chen Xiang’s turn to introduce his Tao-creation Divine Pellet.

Many people had quieted down and were listening attentively. Even the elders of the Wood Mountain Sect were all paying attention to what Chen Xiang said about the quality of the mystical stones and divine pellets.

"The pill I concoct is called World Defying god-becoming Dan! is not for the World Defying Stage Divine Rank to eat! " Chen Xiang said. The pellets refined by the disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect in front of him were all for the World Defying Stage Divine Rank.

They were not given to the World Defying Stage Divine Rank to eat, everyone was secretly disappointed, if they were not, how much could they be worth? He was only a Tao-creation Holy stone!

After all, even if it was the pellets required to reach the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage, there would only be a few Crystal emperor s that would need them at the very most.

When the disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect heard this, they couldn’t help but laugh. To actually refine a pill for the Aoshi Holy Stage in a place like this, it was simply courting humiliation.

"Haha, he probably doesn’t know how to refine the pills used in the World Defying Stage Divine Rank."

"I thought he was just that strong."

"He must be joking!"

Chen Xiang smiled slightly: "The pellet I refined is for the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage to use. As long as I consume one pellet, I can enter the World Defying Stage Divine Rank.

When the disappointed crowd heard this, they were stunned! Especially those juniors that were at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage, they were all extremely excited when they heard this. If this was true, then they wouldn’t need to wait hundreds or even thousands of years to break through, they would only need to refine it for a month!

The disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect were all suspicious of this matter, their faces filled with disbelief.

"Little brother, is what you said true?" A buyer anxiously asked, he had a disciple who had just reached the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage, and he felt a headache.

"If you eat my pills and don’t step into the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, I will return twice the amount to the Tao-creation’s Holy stone." Chen Xiang took out a World Defying god-becoming Dan and handed it over to the buyer, "Look carefully, there are nine Increase spell inside this pellet. This is the guarantee of quality."

After the middle-aged buyer received it, he could see the small Tao-creation’s incantations, he nodded his head quickly.

"Then how much are you selling it for?" He was already moved and took the initiative to ask Chen Xiang for his price.

"Ten Tao-creation Holy stone!" Chen Xiang said.

10 Tao-creation s was also considered expensive, but they thought that if they had enough money, they could still make a lot of money.

"You can’t be lying! Is there really such a good pill? I don’t believe, our Wood Mountain Sect has so many grandmasters in pill refining, and we haven’t been able to produce this pill for so many years, but you, a nobody, are able to do it? " The Wood Mountain Sect disciple said.

"Liar, you’re going to be dismembered!"

"That’s right. Everyone, before you buy it, think twice!"

The disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect mocked and ridiculed, they did not believe in the slightest in believing in the effects of Chen Xiang’s World Defying god-becoming Dan.

Chen Xiang said with a cold smile, "You can just use your own efforts ... If your grandmaster can’t do it, does that mean he can’t allow others to do it? What kind of logic was this? There are seven Tao-creation Mountain s here, and countless of Grandmasters. Which sect dares to say that their Grandmasters are the strongest? "

"Like I said earlier, if there are any fake ones, double the amount of Tao-creation Holy stone s to return."

Chen Xiang said to the middle-aged buyer: "Uncle, you should have brought the younger generation with you, right? Why not let him try it out at the scene, there is a Time Formation here, he is inside it for a month, and outside for only two hours, everyone can afford to wait."

You will give me twenty Tao-creation Holy stone and I will still be able to earn ten of them. This is a good thing, I’m not afraid of you running away. "" Alright, I’ll buy it. The middle-aged buyer laughed and straightforwardly took out ten Tao-creation s to buy Chen Xiang’s World Defying god-becoming Dan.

"How can the Time Formation of our Wood Mountain Sect be used carelessly?" A Wood Mountain Sect disciple shouted in anger. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"I used ten Tao-creation Holy stone to sign up for the competition. Wood Mountain Sect shouldn’t be so stingy as to not open the Time Formation, right?" Chen Xiang said coldly.

The old man from the Wood Mountain Sect nodded his head: "We can try it on the spot, but only this once!"

The middle-aged buyer let his disciple walk over, then asked him to eat the Aohun holy Dan and enter the Time Formation.

"It’s just ten Tao-creation Holy stone, I’ll buy it!" An old man suddenly shouted.

"Me too!"

"..."

Although the results of the test were not out, but regardless of whether they were useful or not, they would definitely not lose anything.

If the World Defying god-becoming Dan was ineffective, Chen Xiang would have to exchange for twenty Tao-creation Holy stone s each. If it was effective, they would have to buy such a miraculous pill.

Just like this, the ten World Defying god-becoming Dan that Chen Xiang refined were sold out in one go. He received a total of one hundred Tao-creation Holy stone, causing the eyes of the disciples to turn red with jealousy ... And they couldn’t sell a single one.

Below, the disciples of the other Wood Mountain Sect s were introduced with their pellets. Because Chen Xiang’s World Defying god-becoming Dan was in front, their pellets looked extremely ordinary, and no one bought them.

After all the Alchemist s finished introducing their own pellets, only Chen Xiang’s World Defying god-becoming Dan were completely sold out, and right now, there were already people buying pellets from Wood Mountain Sect disciples.

It had already been a month since the Time Formation, and the disciple of the middle-aged buyer walked out. His entire body was filled with Arrogant Morale, and one could be sure, he had already stepped into the World Defying Stage Divine Rank!

"Master, I broke through... I just stepped into the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage last month, but now, I have actually stepped into the World Defying Stage Divine Rank! " The disciple was very excited.

This was a continuous breakthrough, and this disciple’s Arrogant Morale was very plentiful. It could be seen that after breaking through, he did not have any problems, but a very steady breakthrough.

"It’s too amazing, the World Defying god-becoming Dan is too amazing!" That disciple kept muttering to himself, then immediately came in front of Chen Xiang and was extremely grateful to him, even though his master was bought with ten Tao-creation s.

As long as it was a pellet, one would be able to step into the World Defying Stage Divine Rank within a month. This was indeed miraculous, as all the peak Aoshi Holy Stage present were endlessly envious, while the other buyers who bought the World Defying god-becoming Dan all revealed complacent and happy smiles.