Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chen Xiang had refined a total of ten World Defying god-becoming Dan s. He had sold the most with a hundred of them. The disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect were extremely envious, because the two that they sold the most, added together, were not as good as Chen Xiang.

"Little brother, can I reserve a World Defying god-becoming Dan from you? I can give you half of the Tao-creation’s Holy stone first. " An old man said, he was regretting that he did not go and buy Chen Xiang’s World Defying god-becoming Dan.

"I still don’t know when I’ll be able to refine it. I don’t have many medicinal ingredients right now either." Chen Xiang rejected it. He did not have many Giant flower anyway, and now that he did not lack Tao-creation Holy stone, he would not sell them for the time being.

The old man could only let out a long sigh. He was a bit slow earlier, otherwise, he would have been able to obtain one now.

Chen Xiang felt that even if he sold them in the future, he would still be able to get such a high price.

"I’ve won the final victory. What about your reward?" said that the person who obtained the final victory would be able to obtain a Time Formation and a Tao-creation Divine Crystal.

These were all very precious things, and was also why Chen Xiang was here to participate in the tournament.

The old man was expressionless as he walked over with the prize. He said, "Both of them are here ... I wonder if you are interested in joining our Wood Mountain Sect? "

The Wood Mountain Sect actually sent an invitation to Chen Xiang, which was a very rare occurrence, because many people who wished to enter the Wood Mountain Sect would need to pass a series of examinations, and even if they did pass, the Wood Mountain Sect might not necessarily accept it.

Although this kind of thing was rare, no one felt it was strange, because Chen Xiang himself was a very talented Alchemist. Just his World Defying god-becoming Dan was enough to make him famous in the Tao-creation Mountain. In the future, he would definitely become a great grandmaster.

Chen Xiang shook his head and sighed: "I still have other important things to do, and I don’t know if I’ll be able to survive that. So I temporarily don’t have any plans to enter any sect!"

Other people dreamed of entering the Wood Mountain Sect, but now, the Wood Mountain Sect had invited Chen Xiang, but Chen Xiang had rejected it!

The Wood Mountain Sect disciple coldly snorted: "You really don’t care about face. Do you really think that the World Defying god-becoming Dan you refined is that powerful?

The old man from the Wood Mountain Sect stared coldly at the disciple, then chuckled to Chen Xiang: "It’s alright, the Wood Mountain Sect’s gate will open wide for you at any time."

Chen Xiang nodded, and said: "Goodbye!"

He had already gotten what he needed, and now that he was famous here, there was bound to be some trouble, so he had to get out of here as soon as possible.

Chen Xiang walked out of the Wood Mountain Sect’s plaza, and after leaving the Wood Mountain Sect, he quickly hid himself within the crowd of people. He used a transformation technique to change his appearance, and then concealed his presence.

He was very clear about the kind of sect the Wood Mountain Sect was. He could tell from the many Tao-creation s that had cheated and cheated so many people.

On the surface, the old man from the Wood Mountain Sect was inviting him to join the Wood Mountain Sect, but no one knew what he was thinking about secretly. In short, Chen Xiang could not believe in such a cunning sect.

"The people from the Wood Mountain Sect must be very interested in getting the World Defying god-becoming Dan’s pill formulas." He Fengyuan laughed coldly: "You have also seen the pills refined by those scarecrow disciples, although the quality is not low, they are extremely ordinary without any attraction. Because they all have replaceable pills, so they are not worth anything."

"Yes, among them, there are even middle-ranked Tao-creation Divine Pills, but they are far from being as useful as World Defying god-becoming Dan." Chen Xiang began to return to the Cang Fire City. This was the Wood Mountain Sect’s territory, he did not dare to stay for long.

Chen Xiang rode on Ah Hu’s back, returning to the Cang Fire City, he felt that the Cang Fire City would be safer, and there were even some familiar faces there.

Feng Ke’er was fiddling with the Time array in the You Yao Mountain Villa.

"The Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal is real, but I can’t be sure about this Time array." Feng Ke’er said: "There is a storage space inside the Time Formation, and it should be used to store Crystal emperor, to maintain the operation of Time array."

"You can try it yourself. After all, there are Crystal emperor in the You Yao Mountain Villa." Chen Xiang also wanted to see if this Time array was really as powerful as it had announced.

Feng Ke’er placed more than ten Crystal emperor s into the Time array’s storage space and then entered it. After activating the Time array, it was enveloped by a ripple like object. From the outside, one could only see that the thing inside was distorted like waves.

It would take some time to return to the Cang Fire City. At the moment, Chen Xiang was making the most of his time, and he couldn’t wait to use the Time array.

After half a day, Feng Ke’er came out from the Time array and anxiously shouted: "Chen Xiang, you must be careful! There’s a problem with the Time array! "

"What problem?" Chen Xiang anxiously stopped Ah Hu.

"Let Ah Hu continue to fly. He must be fast." Feng Ke’er said: "The Time array has been refined into something, something that is related to the outside world ... If my guess is not wrong, Wood Mountain Sect can use this sort of connection to determine your position. "

"Wood Mountain Sect, these bastards." He allowed Ah Hu to enter the forest. If there really was someone chasing after him, to be able to catch him, he would most likely be flying in the air as well.

"Xiao Ke’er, do you have any way to seal that connection? If it’s really like that, I won’t be able to use this Time array at all. " Chen Xiang was very angry at the moment. This Wood Mountain Sect was just as he had guessed, it was not a righteous and honest sect. He could not understand why such a huge mountain would be managed by such a dirty sect.

"There should be a way. I can use a spatial formation to isolate myself from space!" Dragon Controlling Palace’s Dragon horse can sense dragons, so we use the final method to avoid the end result. " Feng Ke’er said.

Suddenly, Chen Xiang felt a spatial ripple. The spatial ripple did not come from his Divine Sense Sea, but from outside!

"Someone from the Wood Mountain Sect!" Chen Xiang was very sure that this group of people did not hesitate to use spatial teleportation to catch up to him.

Chen Xiang immediately rode on Ah Hu’s back, leaving the direction where the spatial ripples came from. Wood Mountain Sect must be over there. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Ah Hu’s speed did not disappoint him, he flew low above the trees, and would occasionally enter the forest. Ah Hu himself had a certain amount of experience in dodging.

"Xiao Ke’er, did you seal that connection?" Chen Xiang asked.

Ah Hu and Chen Xiang both had very strong concealing abilities, but the Time array kept releasing messages, allowing the people of the Wood Mountain Sect to catch up.

"Not yet. Hold on a little longer." Feng Ke’er said, she was also extremely anxious.

Chen Xiang immediately used Time Domain on her, allowing her to do even more.

"Wood Mountain Sect group of bastards, I, your father, had clearly won, yet I have to snatch the thing back. Such a big sect, yet I can’t afford to lose!" Chen Xiang kept cursing Wood Mountain Sect in his heart.