Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Letter of Challenge

Translated By - Ash

Edited By - Fingerfox

9/30th chapter of this month. One more coming after this.

Enjoy!!!

Chen Xiang took the box of Building Foundation Dans and a storage pouch with sixty million crystal stones, checked them out before nodding his head in satisfaction.

"Little Featherhead, you have suffered a loss, next time you will definitely remember this. But think about it, isn’t it better than letting you go to the teacher." Chen Xiang smiled and said. He wanted to inform Huang Jintian, Gu Dongchen was hit with a shudder.

Gu Dongchen took Chen Xiang’s Building Foundation Dans to show off, he was indeed feeling very happy; those Deans from overseas were all also feeling extremely envious. However, his happiness never came again because he would look for Chen Xiang daily, but Chen Xiang did not respond and intentionally stalled for time.

Gu Dongchen nodded his head and said, "Right, I am the Dean of the Extreme Martial Sect, I have crossed eight Nirvana Tribulation. This was originally my wealth which I can show off, but to avoid this, those guys cooperated with each other, and used their powerful disciples to fight my Extreme Martial Sect’s excellent disciples in turns to tire them out. I was too focused on being the victor and ignored this point."

"Now you get it. If I were you, I will go and challenge them! Although at that time they will certainly resort to various means to refuse the challenge, you just can say that they are refusing you because they are afraid of you."

Gu Dongchen lost tens of millions of crystal stones, which woke up his mind. After he left, he did what Chen Xiang had suggested, and challenged those Deans, but not one person dared to accept his challenge, this made him feel a lot better. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"Chen Xiang! You have been really busy these days!" As Wu Qianqian came out from next room and saw Chen Xiang lying on the roof, she smiled and said.

"Everyone is like this!" Chen Xiang replied with a smiled.

Wu Qianqian also jumped to the roof, took out a letter and handed it to Chen Xiang, "All these days I have been looking for you but we never ran into each other, it is really too difficult to meet you now. The Free Immortal Sea’s little monster have given you a letter of challenge."

"Oh? Why did he look for you?" Chen Xiang took the letter but didn’t open it.

Wu Qianqian’s face flushed red, and tenderly snorted, "This little rascal thought that you and I are in a relationship, moreover, he also knew that I also live in the Extreme Dan King Courtyard. So, he kept pestering me continuously to pass on his letter of challenge to you.

Chen Xiang smiled and said, "So it was like this, he has wronged you! Right, when you were mistaken as my lover, do you feel aggrieved?"

Wu Qianqian was startled, she didn’t expect that Chen Xiang would ask such a question. She tenderly spat, her face turned redder! She jumped off the roof and quickly left the Extreme Dan King Courtyard.

"This girl is too easy to get, as long as you speak of it, I dare say that you will be able to have a good time with her in bed tonight!" Long Xueyi said.

"Smelly Dragon, you have finally shown your true colors, you are one lascivious dragon! In the future, I need to be on guard against you." Chen Xiang didn’t expect that Long Xueyi would suddenly say something like this.

"This is because of the memory inheritance from my father, I am a very pure and innocent dragon! Beautiful and lovely!" Long Xueyi said with a pout.

"Don’t talk nonsense, you are a lascivious dragon." While laughing, Chen Xiang opened the challenge letter.

The content of the letter rendered him flabbergasted. Xiao Chou’s handwriting was extremely ugly, unrecognizable, it seemed to be a scribbling of a two-year-old child. On the challenge letter, one ugly turtle was drawn, the turtle had withdrawn its head inside the turtle shell, and on the turtle shell two words were written "Chen Xiang". Not only was the handwriting very bad, there were also so many mistakes.

"Chen Xiang, you are afraid to fight with me, you are a cowardly turtle who only know how to hide!"

This was what was written in a blank space.

Chen Xiang shook his head and smiled, "Just from his scribbling, this idiot could make other’s will to fight dissipate."

"Are you going to fight or not? Herculean Family’s Little Devil is a good partner to train yourself. Last time you used the Ice Spirit Devil Aura, and that was the only reason why you were able to win, it does not count! Moreover, you are now in the 6th level of the True Martial realm." Su Meiyao said.

Chen Xiang pondered over it for a bit. Although Xiao Chou was a Little Monster, his strength was nothing to be trifled with. From Gu Dongchen, he came to know that many powerful martial artists from overseas had suffered defeat under Xiao Chou’s hand. Soon his name would resound in the entire Mortal Martial World.

Bai Youyou said, "Using the Ice Spirit Devil Aura to defeat him is nothing indeed. I think it’s best if you have a spar with him, but first, you must enter the 7th level of the True Martial Realm! Don’t you have a-hundred-and-fifty Five Elements True Elemental Dan?"

Su Meiyao and Long Xueyi were also in favor of Bai Youyou’s suggestion. They too wanted Chen Xiang to step into the 7th level of the True Martial Realm before fighting again with Xiao Chou.

Last time when Chen Xiang fought with Xiao Chou, if not for him using the Ice Spirit Devil Aura, Xiao Chou might very well be the final victor. Although possessing the Ice Spirit Devil Aura was also part of his strength, he felt a little apologetic. He too very much wanted to utilize absolute strength to defeat his opponent, only then could he feel extremely refreshed.

"It is not too good to eat so many Five Elements True Elemental Dan all at once! Moreover, I am still not proficient enough in controlling my strength after I have stepped into the 6th level of the True Martial Realm." Chen Xiang hesitated a bit and said.

"There’s nothing to fear, you can go and ask your teacher for his help. I’m sure that he knows a good method for you to enter the 7th level of the True Martial Realm that won’t leave any hidden injuries!" Bai Youyou said.

Chen Xiang was hit with a shudder. Go to Huang Jintian to get his help in training, wouldn’t that be simply asking to get tortured. Although it was a very good way to cultivate.

"Little rascal, think about your teacher; he is an elder yet he is all alone staying there, how pitiful it is. You are his apprentice, moreover, you and he are so close, should you not take care of him!" Su Meiyao tenderly laughed and said. It was easy for her to say because she was not the one getting tortured.

Chen Xiang bitterly smiled and said, "You can speak ’cause you don’t have to actually experience it yourself! But forget it, I don’t have anything to fear, what’s the worst that could happen, anyway I am not going to die. I can treat it as a brutal training!"

For the first time Chen Xiang felt admiration for himself, he actually dared to do this kind of thing and that too on his own.

"Young Martial Uncle, please repeat what had you just said! You want to go where?" When Gu Dongchen learned the reason Chen Xiang came to him, he suspected that he had heard him wrong.

Wu Kaiming too stood aghast.

"I want to go to the teacher to help me cultivate because I want to prepare the fight against Xiao Chou." Chen Xiang smiled and said. Although he had a smile hung on his face, in his heart he was feeling jittery.

"Young Martial Uncle, are you perhaps sick? Are you alright!" Gu Dongchen sucked a cold lump of air as he asked.

"I am completely alright, I’m perfectly sane. Take me to the forbidden area!" Chen Xiang spread out his hands and said.

Gu Dongchen and Wu Kaiming thought that Chen Xiang was a masochist, he unexpectedly wanted to get tortured on his own. However, they also felt admiration for Chen Xiang.

Along the way, Chen Xiang inquired about some stuff; he wanted to know what had occurred these past few days. What made him surprised was that at the Chenwu Mainland, valiant martial artists from sixty mainlands had actually arrived. Among them were over a hundred Nirvana Realm martial artists who were all Dean-level kind of figures. However, the majority of them had only crossed the sixth Nirvana Tribulation. Although there were some who had crossed the seventh tribulation, they were scarce in number! And someone like Gu Dongchen who had crossed eight tribulations were even fewer, that was why among those Deans, Gu Dongchen could be considered as extremely powerful.

It was also the very reason why the Hero Assembly was going to be held at the Extreme Martial Sect. After the rift was blocked, the Hero Assembly would be held. Even those Evil Demons would serve as a target for many disciples to hunt during the Hero Assembly.