Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

There were not many people from Wood Mountain Sect, because they knew that Chen Xiang’s cultivation was not high, and was merely at the early stage of World Defying Stage Divine Rank, and all they needed to do was to send two middle stage World Defying Stage Divine Rank s.

Of course, Chen Xiang did not know how many people were following him, but as soon as they appeared, they released a very strong aura. Furthermore, Chen Xiang’s current position was locked on, so he needed to delay for a while for Feng Ke’er to seal the Time array.

"Alright!" Feng Ke’er came out from Chen Xiang’s Time Domain.

Chen Xiang was finally a lot more relieved. He immediately allowed Ah Hu to slowly descend onto a large tree, then conceal himself.

"Where is he? Why did they suddenly disappear? " A black clothed man held something in his hand and frowned: "Impossible, his Time array clearly sent out a message, why did he suddenly not accept it?"

"This guy runs really fast, he just walked out of our Wood Mountain Sect’s gate not too long ago and already came to such a far place, that’s why the elders had no choice but to open the Transmission array and teleport us here."

"This time, we used the Transmission array. If we can’t capture him, we will be punished."

"The recipe for the World Defying god-becoming Dan is too precious. No matter what, our Wood Mountain Sect has to get it. If we can get it this time, then it would be a great merit."

On top of each of the two men in black was a giant golden eagle. They sat on the back of the eagle, looking down from above.

"All of them are in the middle stage of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank!" Chen Xiang could finally see the cultivation level of the other party.

"We should be able to deal with them." Qin Shuang said.

"How about this, you guys deal with one guy with Xiao Ke’er, I deal with one guy myself."

Chen Xiang felt that there shouldn’t be any problems dealing with a middle stage World Defying Stage Divine Rank. The other girls combined their sealing powers with Feng Ke’er’s, so dealing with one of them wouldn’t be a problem.

"Alright, I’ll attack first, then you guys can come out." Chen Xiang said: "Ah Hu doesn’t need to intervene for the time being, unless we are no match for him."

Chen Xiang immediately allowed the Six beasts to fuse together and transform into a Red fire dragon. The Red fire dragon’s energy fused with Chen Xiang’s, causing his Arrogant Morale to instantly increase by leaps and bounds. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

The Six beasts in his Divine Sense Sea had also risen along with his cultivation. Now that they had fused together, they were even stronger and more terrifying.

Chen Xiang’s sudden appearance carried a sharp Arrogant Morale, catching the two men in black off guard, because the Arrogant Morale that Chen Xiang had released was not from the early stage of World Defying Stage Divine Rank.

"Hurry up and kill him, otherwise we’ll be the ones to die." A black-clothed man roared, he had already thrown several punches at Chen Xiang, each of his punches condensed with a burst of Arrogant Morale.

The Arrogant Morale of the middle stage World Defying Stage Divine Rank was even more vigorous, as though wave after wave of overlapping waves were charging over, and it seemed as though it could penetrate space itself as it arrived in an instant.

As soon as Chen Xiang appeared, he was sent flying backwards by the wave of Arrogant Morale fist force. His body seemed to be in pain from being continuously beaten up, and the crown of the huge tree below was being torn apart by the tornado of Arrogant Morale, which covered the sky with broken leaves and broken pieces of wood.

At the same time, Bai Youyou, Qin Shuang and Long Xueyi had already started their attack, rushing towards another black-clothed man, He Fengyuan and Su Meiyao followed closely behind.

Chen Xiang and the others had just stepped into the World Defying Stage Divine Rank not long ago, so their use of Arrogant Morale was inferior to the two black-clothed men. However, their combat experience was extremely rich, especially Bai Youyou and Su Meiyao, so Chen Xiang did not need to worry about them.

"We have to end this quickly!" Chen Xiang had already summoned his Six Realms mirrors and allowed it to hide itself. At the same time, he gathered Arrogant Morale and then used the power of space to teleport over.

Seeing so many people suddenly appear, and they were even women, the man in black was also startled, but he was not worried about his comrades, because he could tell that the girls all had an early stage World Defying Stage Divine Rank cultivation, and he was even more concerned about Chen Xiang, who had released his Arrogant Morale just now, but was still a mid stage World Defying Stage Divine Rank cultivator, he was extremely surprised.

"Hmm? Unable to track his movements, could he be ... " The black-clothed man was shocked. He immediately guessed that Chen Xiang had used Spatial Force, and following that, he felt a spatial fluctuation coming from his side. However, he didn’t have enough time to react.

A dull rumbling sound rang, and when Chen Xiang teleported over, he used his Arrogant Morale to launch a strike. Chen Xiang’s Arrogant Morale was close to the middle stage, and after he struck out, the shock wave was like a surging tide, wave after wave of attacks. As the black-clothed man was knocked flying, waves of shock wave after wave of shock wave continuously surged forth, as though the wheels were continuously crushing and crushing his body over and over again.

When the black clothed man was sent flying, he had no way of fighting back. It was as if he was suddenly submerged by a wave. He did not know what to do and could not struggle free from the wave.

Chen Xiang took the chance and controlled the Six Realms mirrors to fly over quickly, smashing it into the black clothed man’s head.

The man in black felt dizzy and his mind went blank after being spun so fiercely.

"You bastards of the Wood Mountain Sect, if you want to capture me, I have to have a certain amount of strength." Chen Xiang had already reached the black-clothed man’s side. He swung his Six Realms mirrors and smashed it towards the black-clothed man.

The Six Realms mirrors exploded with flames, smashing the black clothed man into ashes ...

The other black-clothed person, although he was in the middle stage of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank and his Arrogant Morale was also very strong, facing these few women, even though they were only in the early stage of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, none of them were weak.

Qin Shuang was proficient in the way of the sword. The Purple Yang Excalibur she had refined was extremely sharp, and had also pierced several holes in the black clothed man’s body. Su Meiyao was proficient in fire, burning the black clothed man’s face to ashes ...

With one of his arms hanging limply by his side, it was because Bai Youyou had used the Bone-melting magic palm. Right now, he was in a miserable state that he could not escape, nor could he fight back.

"Leave it to me."

Long Xueyi, who had been preparing for a long time, let out a shout as she released her Heavenly dragon seal. A few white dragons suddenly appeared around the black clothed man, and like chains, they wrapped around him, causing rumbling sounds in the air.

Bai Youyou and the others immediately distanced themselves as the huge dragon had already descended, engulfing the black-clothed man. It let out an angry roar, then exploded, only to see the blue, red, and black lightning continuously dancing wildly, wreaking havoc on a large amount of trees and turning them into smoke. The black-clothed man was also torn apart by the berserk Heavenly dragon seal, disappearing from this world.

"These wastes... Wood Mountain Sect is really looking down on people. " Long Xueyi snorted.

"Hurry up and leave this place!" Feng Ke’er said.

After the few women returned to the You Yao Mountain Villa, Chen Xiang summoned Ah Hu and rode him to the Cang Fire City.

"After returning to the Cang Fire City, I have to remind Long Xuan and Ling Yong first. I don’t want them to leak anything related to me." Chen Xiang thought to himself, because his name had already spread throughout the Wood Mountain Sect.