Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

On the way back to the Cang Fire City, Feng Ke’er was trying his best to erase the imprint on the Time array. Only by doing this could he avoid being tracked by the Wood Mountain Sect.

"He should be able to succeed. This isn’t a difficult task!" Feng Ke’er laughed.

... ....

"Dead? How was this possible? That brat just stepped into the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, and he is only at the early stage, and after two middle stage, he actually died? " One of the clan elders of the Wood Mountain Sect said angrily: "These are my two precious disciples, what did you say back then? Isn’t it just an early stage World Defying Stage Divine Rank ... Now look! "

"Elder Blue, we’ve neglected this." Another elder sighed.

"Did you find any traces of the fight on the scene?" Elder Blue was quite angry.

"Although he is at the early stage of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, the Arrogant Morale at the scene contains a hint of the aura of a dragon. If I’m not wrong, this kid has an unparalleled divine dragon in his body.

"I must capture this brat and take out his divine dragon. Only by doing this can I make up for the loss of my two disciples." Elder Blue clenched her fists angrily, but her face was full of greed. It was obvious that she wanted to see the divine dragon of arrogance.

Chen Xiang was currently in the midst of returning to the Cang Fire City. He did not know that his prideful divine dragon had been targeted again, and this was not the first time this had happened. It had been like this for many years.

When he returned to the Cang Fire City, Feng Ke’er had already successfully erased the imprint on it.

"Two months have passed. There are still ten months left." Su Meiyao said.

"I know. I’ll go and see if Long Xuan is out yet." When Chen Xiang returned to the inn, he saw Song Longprofound.

"Big brother, I have mastered all the Tao-creation Incantation you gave me." Song Longprofound laughed out loud: "I’m already capable of refining weapons, the old guys in my clan have a whole new level of respect for me."

"That’s good!" Chen Xiang patted his shoulder and laughed.

"Thank you, Big Bro!" Song Longprofound lamented, if it were not for Chen Xiang giving him so many Tao-creation’s Incantation for him to learn, he would not have such achievements.

"Long Xuan, you definitely can’t reveal anything about me to your family." Chen Xiang said to Song Longprofound very seriously.

"I know, I didn’t say anything!" Song Longprofound nodded his head: "I also let my stupid father keep it a secret, don’t worry."

If Song Jiangnan knew that his son called him an idiot, he didn’t know what expression he would have.

"Also, go find Ling Yong first and tell him not to spread my name everywhere." Chen Xiang warned again.

"Big brother, did you offend a big enemy?" Song Longprofound asked.

"Yes!" I offended the Wood Mountain Sect. " Chen Xiang said truthfully.

"Impressive, big brother, you even dare to provoke Wood Mountain Sect, you truly are worthy of being my big brother!" Song Longprofound actually laughed out loud.

"This isn’t a good thing. Quickly find Old Ling and tell him not to talk too much." Chen Xiang said snappily.

"I’ll go now." Song Longprofound immediately left the inn.

Chen Xiang asked Jiang Simei: "How are the medicinal herbs?"

"It’s almost done! Very well, just a little bit more. " Jiang Simei said: "At that time, as long as you refine this medicine, you will be able to directly refine a World Defying god-becoming Dan. The quality should improve a little, and you will also have twice the results with half the work."

Jiang Simei then asked Chen Xiang for another World Defying god-becoming Dan, this was all to help them absorb the medicinal ingredients cultivated by him, so as to increase their compatibility with this kind of medicinal ingredient. After all, several types of medicinal ingredients were combined into one, becoming a new breed.

Song Longprofound returned very quickly.

"Old Ling, that fellow was worried that you might not trust him. He even made a blood oath to go all out." Song Longprofound laughed.

"That’s good!" Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief, then took out some Tao-creation’s incantations and gave them to Song Longprofound. These are Space mantra and Fusion spell, learn well.

Song Longprofound was a genius who learned the Tao-creation’s Incantation, he was the same as Xiao Xianglin, maybe even worse. However, this kind of genius could only be encountered by luck and not sought after.

"There’s something new to learn." Song Longprofound was very excited.

"Long Xuan, how did you learn so quickly? It’s only been a few days! " Chen Xiang asked curiously.

"My old man gave me the right to use the Time Formation in the Song Family." Song Longprofound said: "He suddenly called me back to use it, but unfortunately our Song Family’s Time Formation is not as marketable as the Ling Family’s, otherwise I would have let big brother use it."

"No problem, you can do it yourself. I have my ways." Chen Xiang said: "Can you still use the Time Formation?"

"Of course you can, I will go back now and use it. I want to learn more of the Tao-creation’s incantation quickly so that I can help big brother in the future." Knowing that Chen Xiang had provoked the Wood Mountain Sect, Song Longprofound felt a lot of pressure. As Chen Xiang’s brother, if he could not help at that time, he would feel very bad. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Song Longprofound left the tavern and returned to the Song Family.

While Chen Xiang was patiently waiting for Jiang Simei and the others to succeed, he even used the first stage of Time Domain on the three girls.

Half a day later, Jiang Simei said, "It’s finally done!"

Chen Xiang got a very strange flower from Jiang Simei. An entire flower was already half the height of a person, this was a very large flower, and its petals had many different colors, emitting a weak light.

The most surprising thing was that the stem of the flower was very big, like a small tree trunk. The leaves were also very hard, thick and dark green, like jade.

"What a strange flower, is it really useful?" Chen Xiang was already itching to refine it, but they still need to use this flower to reproduce even more before he could start using it to concoct pills.

"Giant Rainbow Flower!" Jiang Simei laughed: "This is my name!"

"Not bad, as long as it’s useful, it doesn’t matter what name it is." Chen Xiang laughed: "Now, all of you are preparing to use that Time array to cultivate."

"With Sijing and I together, our speed should be much faster. We can probably make one in twenty years." Jiang Simei said.

Once the Time array was activated, every day on the outside, it would be a hundred years inside. In other words, it was not bad for them to be able to produce five of them in a day.

"You have consumed a lot of Crystal emperor!" Feng Ke’er suddenly said: "Running the array disc for two hours will only consume ten Crystal emperor!"

To use up one hundred and twenty Crystal emperor in a single day, such a huge consumption rate left him in shock.

"What if we use Tao-creation Holy stone?" Chen Xiang asked, he had more than a hundred Tao-creation Holy stone currently, so he was not really lacking in them.

"One Tao-creation Holy stone is equivalent to the energy of one thousand Crystal emperor, so one Tao-creation Holy stone can probably be used for around eight days." Feng Ke’er said: "Let’s just use the Tao-creation s ... If you make the three Young girl Danling stay in the Time Domain all day to condense Crystal emperor, it would make them very boring and degenerate. "

The Young girl Danling s inside the You Yao Mountain Villa were refining Crystal emperor and playing around with Long Xueyi and the others happily. If they were allowed to enter the Time Domain, they would also become very depressed after a long time.

"Alright, let’s use the Tao-creation Holy stone!" Chen Xiang said.