Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang placed ten pieces of Tao-creation Holy stone in the Time Formation, which could be used for a long time.

"It shouldn’t be a problem for two people to enter the Time array." Feng Ke’er said. She was already prepared to activate the Time array, so Mei Jing Sisters entered the Time array carrying the multicolored Giant Multicolored flower.

"It’s open." Feng Ke’er said.

Chen Xiang still had a few Giant flower on him, he would use the Time Domain now and continue refining them.

Inside the secret room, he could not sense anything outside, but he could contact the You Yao Mountain Villa inside the Divine Sense Sea World. After refining more than twenty World Defying god-becoming Dan, he could feel a very strong wave coming from outside.

The fluctuations that he could feel even from the Time Domain was extremely strong, so he immediately retracted it.

"What’s going on?" Chen Xiang looked at the secret room, it was not destroyed, but a strong aura was constantly surging in from the outside.

"It’s Ling Yong’s!"

Chen Xiang immediately walked out of the secret room, and saw that Ling Yong was inside.

"Ling Yong, what’s wrong?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"Something terrible has happened! You actually provoked Wood Mountain Sect. " Ling Yong anxiously said the moment he saw Chen Xiang.

Before, Song Longprofound had told him to not speak about Chen Xiang everywhere, but he did not tell him that Chen Xiang had provoked the Wood Mountain Sect.

"En!" Chen Xiang nodded: "Has Wood Mountain Sect found him yet?"

"Almost there." Ling Yong let out a "sigh" and heavily sat on a chair.

"When you helped me sell the World Defying god-becoming Dan before, didn’t you already get those buyers to swear blood oaths?" Chen Xiang said: "I can’t figure it out for you!"

"That’s right, but even so, the Wood Mountain Sect has managed to find out a few things, because they know that there are a lot of people here who can step into the World Defying Stage Divine Rank in a short amount of time." Ling Yong said: "This is what they want to say ... ... Wood Mountain Sect is extremely concerned about this matter right now and has already sent people to the various large cities to investigate it. I only came to look for you because I just received some news. "

"We can’t stay in this place any longer!" Chen Xiang sighed: "I need to go to another city."

"You don’t mind, but I’m in trouble. If I leave the Ling Family, I will suffer a great loss." Because Ling Yong was helping Chen Xiang with the sale of World Defying god-becoming Dan, if Wood Mountain Sect was really the worst off, he would definitely not be able to escape.

"Is there a city around here?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course!" Ling Yong said.

"How about this, I’ll tell you to bring some World Defying god-becoming Dan to sell, but you have to be careful, that way you can distract them." Chen Xiang said: "Go to the big cities and stroll around, sell some World Defying god-becoming Dan s, that way, you can attract their attention, and won’t need them to focus on Cang Fire City."

"If you sell a World Defying god-becoming Dan, I’ll give you a Tao-creation Holy stone." Chen Xiang said: "The price of the World Defying god-becoming Dan has risen to 10 now, I was selling it in Wood Mountain Sect before, and there’s a lot of people fighting over it."

"Really?" Ling Yong didn’t think that the World Defying god-becoming Dan could be sold at such a high price.

Chen Xiang took out thirty World Defying god-becoming Dan s and told Ling Yong to sell five in one city.

If he sold all of them, Ling Yong would be able to get thirty of the Tao-creation’s Holy stone.

Ling Yong took Chen Xiang’s World Defying god-becoming Dan and sold it. He felt that if he could obtain a sum of Tao-creation Holy stone, it would be alright even if he left the Ling Family. If he was in the Ling Family, it would not be so easy for him to earn so many Tao-creation Holy stone.

"Looks like Wood Mountain Sect and the rest are going to eat me up." Chen Xiang returned to the secret room and continued refining the World Defying god-becoming Dan.

He thought that the reason why Wood Mountain Sect caught him was mainly to recover their losses. Their competition often had them, but no one had ever taken the rewards for it. This time, they suffered a huge loss.

Furthermore, they sent two disciples to chase after Chen Xiang, and they were killed by Chen Xiang! UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

If they could not get Chen Xiang’s World Defying god-becoming Dan s’ pill formulas, it would be difficult for them to make up for their losses this time, so they would not let this matter rest.

The reason why Chen Xiang stayed in the Cang Fire City was mainly to gather information. Only in this kind of city would he be able to obtain some important information, otherwise, he wouldn’t be able to know what kind of competition the Wood Mountain Sect was in, and wouldn’t be able to obtain Time array.

After a day had passed, Mei Jing Sisters came out from inside and gave Chen Xiang five Five Colored Giant Multicolored Multicolored Flower.

"Now we can finally begin. I wonder if it’s as easy to refine as they say." Chen Xiang placed the multicolored Giant Multicolored flower into the Tianchuang furnace, and released flames to begin refining the medicinal ingredients.

The refining process was extremely smooth. Although there were five Medicine soul after the Five Colored Giant Multicolored Flower was refined, these Medicine soul were all linked together, like a five-star baby; other than the difference in color, all the other auras were the same. Chen Xiang only carved the Fusion spell into the Medicine soul, and they quickly fused together.

During the fusion, Chen Xiang drew Feng Ke’er’s attention ... However, the moment they merged, it was extremely peaceful. Without any ripples, it formed into a piece of high quality Medicine crystal.

The mysterious thing was, the quality after the fusion was much higher than when he was using Giant flower.

"This Giant Rainbow Flower is really powerful!" Chen Xiang couldn’t help but exclaim in surprise. The whole process of refining the pellet could be said to be incomparably smooth, as it saved him a lot of effort.

Previously, he needed thirty days to concoct a batch of pills, but now, he only needed ten days to do so!

"It’s too easy to refine!" Chen Xiang opened the lid of the pill furnace and took out a World Defying god-becoming Dan.

Even after eating it and stepping into the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, the people at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage would still have a lot of energy left over!

Of course, Chen Xiang didn’t plan to sell this pill for the time being, even if it was left for him to eat, it wouldn’t be enough!

Su Meiyao was also refining World Defying god-becoming Dan in You Yao Mountain Villa, she was refining with Giant flower, this was to familiarize herself with the process. When the Medicine soul was fusing, she also needed Feng Ke’er’s help, otherwise she would not be able to pass it.

"First refine a few pills, then eat them together."

Chen Xiang had used the second stage of Time Domain, and even though he had refined five batches of profound energy inside, he had only used fifty days.

"Eat one and see its effects." After eating one pellet, Chen Xiang quickly felt that this World Defying god-becoming Dan was much better than the one before. This was the reason why the quality of the spirit herbs had improved.

Even one pill would take him ten days.

"Around 200 pills would be enough to enter the intermediate stage. It’s not a long time!" Chen Xiang estimated that the World Defying god-becoming Dan s that he would need. According to the speed at which he was refining pills and refining pills, he would need fifty to sixty years.

The speed at which the Mei Jing Sisters was growing inside became faster and faster. Furthermore, they were cultivating or learning the Tao-creation’s incantations from time to time.