Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang concocted pills inside the Time Domain, then ate the refined pills. He didn’t know how much time passed until he felt his proud divine soul had increased and his Arrogant Morale had become stronger.

At this time, he had already stepped into the middle stage of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank!

"I’ve finally stepped into the intermediate stage. It’s really not easy!" Chen Xiang had stayed inside the Time Domain for a long time, and after asking Feng Ke’er about the time outside, about a month had passed.

"What if you want to step into the Late period of World Defying magic realm now? How many grains do you need to eat? " He Fengyuan asked.

"At least ten times ... That’s two thousand pills, but I don’t know how long that will take. " Chen Xiang shook his head. The Young girl Danling could not evolve right now and could not condense pellets like it did in the past. Therefore, if he wanted to obtain a large amount of pellets, he would need to grow medicinal herbs and then refine pills.

"Looks like I have to look for better pill formulas and ingredients." Chen Xiang said.

It had already been three months since Xiao Xianglin was captured, and he had already stepped into the middle stage of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank.

Chen Xiang made a trip to the Ling Family’s shop, but Ling Yong had not come back yet.

"Are you looking for Ling Yong?" A middle-aged man asked, "What’s your name?"

When Chen Xiang came to look for Ling Yong, he had already changed his appearance: "Li Fei!"

"Oh... Ling Yong might not be able to come back. " The middle-aged man sighed, "He was taken away."

"Who took him?" Chen Xiang’s heart jumped, obviously he was captured by the Wood Mountain Sect.

"Wood Mountain Sect... Because he is related to Chen Xiang, he was caught by the Wood Mountain Sect. " The middle-aged man was extremely helpless, "Ling Yong is my son.

Ling Yong was indeed taken away by the Wood Mountain Sect!

Who is Chen Xiang? Why is it that when he had a relationship with Chen Xiang, he was taken away by the Wood Mountain Sect? " Chen Xiang pretended not to know anything and asked.

"After Chen Xiang won Wood Mountain Sect’s competition ... The disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect wanted to look for him for guidance, but there were conflicts and two disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect were killed by Chen Xiang. "

Ling Yong’s father sighed: "Chen Xiang refined a miraculous pellet like the World Defying god-becoming Dan, and was originally a genius Alchemist. He asked Ling Yong to help him sell the World Defying god-becoming Dan, and in order for Wood Mountain Sect to find out where Chen Xiang was, he kidnapped Ling Yong, while Ling Yong refused to leave his hiding place no matter what."

Ling Yong was very touched that Ling Yong had kept such a secret!

"What a helpless matter!" Chen Xiang patted Ling Yong’s father’s shoulders, then walked out of the Ling family store.

He definitely had to rescue Ling Yong who had been captured. Ling Yong did not reveal the inn he was hiding in, it could be said to be very loyal, and he might very well be forced to confess by torture everyday.

After knowing that something had happened to Ling Yong, Chen Xiang immediately rushed to Wood Mountain Sect.

"Wood Mountain Sect, those trash!" Chen Xiang rode on Ah Hu’s back and quickly headed to Wood Mountain Sect.

During this month, Ling Yong went to various large cities to sell his World Defying god-becoming Dan, and he was extremely cautious.

However, he had long gotten used to this kind of thing. He had to make Wood Mountain Sect pay a huge price anyway, he had to let Wood Mountain Sect know the consequences of angering a person like him!

That was why they always thought that what they had done was the right thing to do. Even if they stole Chen Xiang’s pill formulas, they felt that it was natural, because Chen Xiang had won their precious prize in their competition, and they thought that Chen Xiang had to pay a price for it.

The city outside the Wood Mountain Sect was filled with disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect. Although they knew that Chen Xiang was not in the city, they still felt that he might return because they had captured Ling Yong. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Although Ling Yong was only helping Chen Xiang with the World Defying god-becoming Dan s, they saw that Ling Yong was extremely secretive about it and did not want to deal with it. They could tell that Chen Xiang had a deep relationship with him.

Chen Xiang turned into a hunchback as he brought Feng Ke’er to walk around outside of the giant wall of the Wood Mountain Sect.

"How is it?" Chen Xiang asked.

"With the spatial formation in your Six Realms mirrors and your power of time, you can pass through these five layers of enchantments." Feng Ke’er said: "When that time comes, you must be careful, since horses have lost their hooves."

Chen Xiang nodded, let Feng Ke’er return to the You Yao Mountain Villa, and then activated the Six Realms mirrors, activating the spatial formation inside.

After opening it, he circulated the power of time and poured it into the spatial formation, releasing the Time and space power and bringing him through the Wood Mountain Sect’s fifth layer of enchantment.

After passing through the barrier protecting Wood Mountain Sect, Chen Xiang felt that something was wrong!

"Crap, something happened!" Feng Ke’er said: "This Wood Mountain Sect’s enchantment is indeed powerful, even though you can pass through it, you can feel that there are people inside."

Chen Xiang immediately activated his Counter Power, he quickly walked up to the buildings, and not long after he left, a few elderly people appeared.

"I need to quickly find Ling Yong." Chen Xiang was a little nervous at this moment. If the people from the Wood Mountain Sect suspected that he had barged in, then martial law would be immediately imposed on the place where Ling Yong was imprisoned.

"Don’t be nervous, you’ll definitely be able to save Ling Yong." Feng Ke’er said: "Right now, you have to be careful to not let your aura become chaotic, and remain calm."

Chen Xiang had already entered the group of floors. At the same time, the Wood Mountain Sect was ringing a bell because someone had barged into the Wood Mountain Sect.

Wood Mountain Sect was protected by several barriers, and those who were able to enter were mostly the strong ones. All the disciples had serious expressions.

It was currently night, so Chen Xiang entered an alley and captured a middle aged World Defying Stage Divine Rank. After passing out, he handed it over to Bai Youyou so he could use the Soul Absorbing Devil Spell on this middle-aged man.

"Do you know where Ling Yong is?" Chen Xiang asked.

"In the dungeon, I’ll tell you how to get there!" Bai Youyou said.

Chen Xiang had already become invisible and was not discovered by anyone. He could also be at ease now by walking quickly on the road towards the dungeon’s entrance.

The entrance to the dungeon was in a mountain. The stone door of the cave was opened, but there were two big men guarding the door. Although the bell rang, it didn’t affect them.

Chen Xiang quietly entered the cave, but the two big men did not notice him.

There was a stone stairs that led to the dungeon inside the cave. He walked down without thinking, and when he arrived at the bottom level, he heard a miserable scream. It was Ling Yong’s voice.

Hearing this tragic yell, Chen Xiang’s heart was enraged!

Chen Xiang immediately rushed towards the direction the voice came from, only to see a few people using a type of long steel needles to stab into Ling Yong’s body, they were extremely vicious.

Ling Yong’s upper body was already riddled with holes!

"Ke Er, borrow your gold needle!" Chen Xiang shouted, Feng Ke’er’s mysterious golden needle was extremely powerful, it could easily pierce through many things, even in the Tao-creation Mountain.