Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had never heard of World Defying Dan grain before. From the tone of the Wandering Old Man, this kind of World Defying Dan grain seemed to be very strong, able to raise the quality of pills.

"Senior, do you know any Alchemist who knows about World Defying Dan grain?" was curious in his heart. The World Defying Dan grain s were very new to him, he wanted to see them for himself. < < Previous Chapter | Next Chapter > >

"There is this kind of Alchemist in my Tao-creation Mountain ... However, these Alchemist s do not easily accept disciples. " When Wandering Old Man saw Chen Xiang’s curious look, he chuckled. "If you really want to learn, I can bring you to a place where you can reap benefits."

"Is it in this Tao-creation Mountain?" Chen Xiang did not want to be too far away from the Tao-creation Mountain.

"It is in this Tao-creation Mountain." Wandering Old Man nodded: "Let’s go, I’ll bring you there now."

Wandering Old Man took out a flying disc, and then, he flew in the sky while carrying Chen Xiang.

"He must have engraved many Flying mantra s in his flying discs to be able to fly at such a high altitude." Chen Xiang guessed that the flying discs were very fast, and they could even fly very high.

The Wandering Old Man brought Chen Xiang to a mountain and entered a cave.

At the end of the cave was a stone room. Wandering Old Man took out a glowing stone to illuminate the pitch-black stone room, only to see a very intricate pattern appear on one of the stone walls.

Chen Xiang observed carefully and discovered that the pattern was very similar to the Tao-creation’s incantation. He could immediately see the shadow of a Increase spell from it.

"There were only three strokes in total, yet they managed to draw out one picture." Chen Xiang frowned: "It’s only three strokes, the pattern already contains all the Increase spell, how exactly did it happen?"

"That’s right, this is a World Defying Dan grain that has evolved from a Increase spell. Its name is the Flying Dan grain, meaning that it can cause the quality of the pellet to soar." Wandering Old Man nodded: "Whether or not you can successfully control this World Defying Dan grain will depend on yourself."

Chen Xiang frowned, he stared straight at it, he felt that it was very difficult, it seemed easier than Increase spell s or even more, but after looking carefully, he felt that it was even more difficult.

"From what I know, if you want to successfully engrave a pellet of pellet into the World Defying Dan grain, you must pay a large price." Wandering Old Man said, "Time, energy, and even life ... The improvement brought by the World Defying Dan grain s were, however, extremely worth it. "

"Alright, let me try and see if I can control this World Defying Dan grain." Chen Xiang decided to try it. He felt that it was not because it was hard to learn, but because it was hard to feel.

"Senior, who left this World Defying Dan grain behind?" Chen Xiang walked over and gently stroked the World Defying Dan grain on the stone wall. He felt a trace of warmth.

"A good friend of mine, I was once very interested in World Defying Dan grain. After that, he carved a World Defying Dan grain here and gave it to me. It’s a pity that I can’t control it." Wandering Old Man shook his head.

"Senior, you should be from another Tao-creation Mountain, right?" Chen Xiang said.

"I am from Tao-creation Fire Mountain, and I am an elder of the Flame Mountain Sect. My name is Yan Jiu, if you have the chance to come to the Flame Mountain Sect in the future, you can look for me." Yan Jiu said: "I am going back now. The matter regarding the Evil Ancestor coming out, the seven Tao-creation Mountain s already know about it."

Mentioning the Evil Ancestor, Chen Xiang’s face turned serious. He nodded, this was a huge threat.

After Yan Jiu left, Chen Xiang stayed in the stone room and looked at the World Defying Dan grain on the wall.

"Ling Yong has woken up, he’s recovering pretty well!" Jiang Simei reminded Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang immediately let Ling Yong come out of the Six Realms mirrors.

"I didn’t expect you to arrive so quickly!" When Ling Yong saw Chen Xiang, he smiled slightly, as if he had forgotten all about the torture he had suffered.

"I’m really sorry for making you suffer." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Then why don’t you give me more Tao-creation Holy stone." Ling Yong took out a bag of Tao-creation Holy stone.

"For every World Defying god-becoming Dan you sell, I’ll give you two of them. What do you think?"

"Alright!" From the bag that Ling Yong took out, he took out sixty pieces of Tao-creation Holy stone and handed the rest over to Chen Xiang: "I just finished selling these World Defying god-becoming Dan, and was caught by the Wood Mountain Sect. Although my luck is lacking by one, it’s still not bad to have thirty more Tao-creation Holy stone."

Chen Xiang already had around three hundred Tao-creation Holy stone s and a Tao-creation Holy Crystal, so he was pretty rich.

"Ling Yong, you must not return to the Cang Fire City in the future." Chen Xiang said.

"I know, I won’t even be able to stay in this Tao-creation Mountain anymore. I’ll take a walk around the other Tao-creation Mountain since I have quite a few Tao-creation Holy stone on me." Ling Yong felt that his current cultivation was pretty good, being able to accumulate so much Tao-creation Holy stone.

"Take care." Chen Xiang patted Ling Yong’s shoulder.

"We’ll meet again if fate wills it!" Ling Yong laughed and said goodbye to Chen Xiang.

After Ling Yong left, Chen Xiang stared at the World Defying Dan grain on the wall and let Su Meiyao come out from the You Yao Mountain Villa.

"sister Meiyao, do you think that it’s easy to learn?" Chen Xiang asked.

Su Meiyao stared at the stone wall seriously for a moment. She frowned and shook her head: "Not good, very difficult, very difficult .... I am not a genius who learned Tao-creation’s incantations, but I can see that this World Defying Dan grain was formed from a combination of nine Increase spell, some of them should be connected together. "

Chen Xiang nodded his head, "Yes, there are a few Increase spell that have been perfectly linked together. They are not overlapping with each other, that’s why this World Defying Dan grain looks very simple, it does not seem to be densely packed after overlapping."

"Not only was it perfectly linked together, it was even modified. It might even have been added to other Tao-creation incantations, but we could not see it." Su Meiyao was also a Alchemist. Using World Defying Dan grain seemed to be the highest realm of a Alchemist.

"Let’s learn together." Chen Xiang said.

"If only your master was here. She was very familiar with the Tao-creation’s incantations, she would definitely be able to see through a lot of things." Su Meiyao said.

"I must save her." Chen Xiang sighed, now that Xiao Xianglin was still locked up in the Dragon-Elephant School, if he wanted to save Xiao Xianglin, he had to have the cultivation of the Late period of World Defying magic realm, which was the most basic thing.

Su Meiyao did not have much patience, she tossed and turned for two days before returning to the You Yao Mountain Villa. She entered the Time array s to refine them, and the Mei Jing Sisters was also growing multicolored Giant Multicolored Flowers inside. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Su Meiyao felt that refining pills was much more enjoyable than learning to become a World Defying Dan grain. The quality of the World Defying god-becoming Dan she refined was not bad either, it was mainly for girls like them to eat.

Chen Xiang had already started to carve this Flying Dan grain out of thin air. He didn’t know why, but he suddenly felt that this Flying Dan grain wasn’t that hard to learn.