Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang did not expect that there would be such a shocking change after he had successfully engraved the Inscription.

In order to test the core’s current temperature, Chen Xiang took out a piece of Crystal emperor, and controlled it to float at the side. Just as it approached the pellet, the Crystal emperor instantly melted, and its energy was also absorbed by the pellet.

"Self-refining?" Su Meiyao looked at the World Defying god-becoming Dan that was floating in the air while constantly shaking, and looked forward to the effects of this pellet.

"It should be. After carving the Flying Dan grain, this pellet of pellet had such a change. It should be the effect of the Flying Dan grain." Chen Xiang earnestly stared at the pellet, patiently waiting ...

"We have already been in Tao-creation Mountain for half a year." Su Meiyao snuggled close to Chen Xiang, and looked at the World Defying god-becoming Dan’s pellet that was continuously emitting heat. They had already waited for a month.

Chen Xiang didn’t dare to do anything during this month. He could only watch quietly, worried that something might happen to the pellet. Su Meiyao would also come out of the Time array from time to time to take a look.

The fiery red World Defying god-becoming Dan floated in the air and continuously trembled. Every time it trembled, waves of hot air would leak out and Chen Xiang did not know when it would end.

"It doesn’t seem that intense anymore!" Su Meiyao said. She struggled out of Chen Xiang’s embrace and sat up looking at the World Defying god-becoming Dan.

"En!" Chen Xiang anxiously walked over.

After the World Defying god-becoming Dan had stopped trembling, it gradually dimmed down. Previously, it had been as red as a glowing ruby, but now that it had dimmed down, it had turned into a greyish-black color, like a piece of carbon.

"No signs of life, it’s ice-cold, as if it’s dead!" When the pellet fell, Chen Xiang immediately caught it with his hand. Holding it in his hand, he felt disappointed.

"Could it be that he failed?" Su Meiyao was a little worried, Chen Xiang had spent a lot of time and energy on this pill, and now he had to use this time to increase his own strength to save Xiao Xianglin.

"I don’t know, I’ll eat and see!" Chen Xiang opened his mouth and threw the pellet into his mouth.

After swallowing it, Chen Xiang started to feel an ice-cold feeling from before, causing him to involuntarily cover his stomach. The sudden coldness made his stomach tingle, making him feel a kind of throbbing pain in his abdomen.

"How is it?" Su Meiyao saw the pain on Chen Xiang’s face and asked anxiously.

Just as Chen Xiang wanted to speak, he felt the ice in his abdomen suddenly disappear, and then, a warm feeling appeared, causing him to feel extremely comfortable.

"It’s very strange!" This was the first time Chen Xiang had eaten a pellet refined with a Flying Dan grain, and he didn’t know what was going on when he encountered this kind of situation.

After the warm current appeared, the temperature gradually rose ...

"It’s here, it’s working!" Chen Xiang suddenly shouted out in shock, his face was full of excitement: "What a terrifying wave of energy!"

After he finished talking, the pellet in his abdomen suddenly cracked open and burst open. A violent wave of energy surged within his body like a raging wave.

He immediately sat down cross-legged and channeled his cultivation technique to unblock the energy that was continuously flowing out and control it to enter the Divine Sense Sea.

The Six beasts in the Divine Sense Sea was suddenly extremely excited. The energy that was rushing into the Divine Sense Sea was like several huge rivers that rushed towards the Six beasts as well as his proud divine soul.

"It’s really strong!" Even Su Meiyao, who was beside Chen Xiang, could feel the aura that was emitted from the explosion of his energy.

Chen Xiang had his doubts about the effectiveness of the World Defying Dan grain before, but now, his doubts had been completely dispelled. He also found it hard to understand why the World Defying god-becoming Dan would become so terrifying and contain so much energy after fusing with the World Defying Dan grain.

"I understand!" Feng Ke’er suddenly said: "The Tao-creation Incantation has a subtle connection with the Myriad Tao, so the energy of the Tao-creation Incantation comes from the Myriad Tao World."

"The World Defying Dan grain was evolved from the Tao-creation’s Incantation. Previously, it was constantly heating up, and was crazily absorbing the Myriad Tao’s power to improve itself. It’s just that we can’t feel the connection between the World Defying Dan grain and the Myriad Tao at all."

"After the Tao-creation Incantation was evolved by the smart Alchemist, it could absorb a lot of energy that was more compatible with the divine pellet, and a large portion of the energy absorbed by the Tao-creation Incantation was not beneficial to the divine pellet."

The World Defying Stage Soul River was an extremely large number of Tao-creation Incantation, so there was an unending flow of energy to nurture the World Defying Stage Fierce Soul.

Chen Xiang felt that Feng Ke’er’s words were reasonable. Amongst the Myriad Tao, there were many different types of energy, and the energy that was the most suitable for the divine pellets to raise in quality was the best.

"Refining this energy will take a long time, I need to release a Time Domain." Chen Xiang said.

Su Meiyao entered the You Yao Mountain Villa and continued refining her World Defying god-becoming Dan. She felt that it wouldn’t be easy to master the Flying Dan grain, so she didn’t plan to learn it now.

Chen Xiang used the second stage of Time Domain and stayed inside for nearly a hundred years before he managed to refine that power. After he came out from inside, more than a month had passed outside.

"Late period of World Defying magic realm!" When Chen Xiang released his Arrogant Morale, the ground and mountains suddenly shook. He did not use the power of the Divine Sense Sea’s Six beasts yet.

Just a single World Defying god-becoming Dan that had joined the World Defying Dan grain had caused him to step into the Late period of World Defying magic realm from the middle stage ... Although he had refined it for a hundred years, it was still an extremely fast speed.

Even Xiao Xianglin had only been at the peak of the middle stage of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank before;

"It’s about time to go back." Chen Xiang walked out of the cave with a profound gaze, staring into the distance. He could no longer wait to return to the Dragon-Elephant School to save Xiao Xianglin.

Before he left, he came to an inn in the Cang Fire City. This was the room that Song Longprofound had rented before he left, and the lease term had not yet arrived.

"Big brother!" Song Longprofound was actually inside. He was very excited when he saw Chen Xiang had arrived.

He had heard about Ling Yong’s matter and was about to go save Ling Yong. He had even succeeded in doing so, but Chen Xiang’s delay in coming back made him extremely worried.

"I’m fine, those guys can’t do anything to me." Chen Xiang chuckled: "Long Xuan, how’s the progress of your Curse literature?"

"You learn very quickly. Brother, there is an old man who knows that my talent is not bad, he said that he wants to take me as his disciple, he is from another Tao-creation Mountain, do you think I should go? " Song Longprofound asked.

"Of course I’m going. This is an extremely rare opportunity." Chen Xiang asked: "What’s the level of that old man?"

"The old man said that he had mastered all of the Tao-creation’s incantations and even showed them to me. It should be very reliable." Song Longprofound said.

"Alright, you can go with him! When the time comes, help me keep an eye out for World Defying Dan grain, it will be useful to me. " Chen Xiang had already tasted the sweetness of World Defying Dan grain, he only had Flying Dan grain like this kind of existence now.

"Alright, I will definitely pay attention. If it wasn’t for you giving me so many Tao-creation’s Incantation, I wouldn’t have been looked up to by that old man." Song Longprofound chuckled: "I will definitely learn a lot in the future and help Big Brother get more World Defying Dan grain."

"En, we will meet again in the future. We will definitely meet again." Chen Xiang laughed.

Chen Xiang bid his farewell to Song Longprofound in such a simple and simple manner. The seven Tao-creation Mountain s were neither big nor small, they would be able to meet again in the future.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content! Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

inclusion = " ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidcc; padding: 5px5px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {margin: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tMicrosoft Yahoo; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; margin -bottom: 5px; padding-top: 14px;}

Pay attention to WeChat public account number "17K Novels" (Weibo: 17K), the latest chapter of "Pride of the World", which can be easily read anytime and anywhere! Continuous signing can be granted free reading privilege; more wonderful activities please pay attention!