Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

After Chen Xiang left the Cang Fire City, he summoned Ah Hu and rode him out of the Tao-creation Mountain, entering the white mist.

"Dragon-Elephant School! Master, I am here, you must have suffered a lot over this period of time. " Chen Xiang’s expression was solemn, his fists clenched, he gazed into the distance and gave way.

Back then, Xiao Xianglin had only been captured to avenge him, and used the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal to blow the Grand Elder to death. This was all to help him vent his anger!

When Chen Xiang thought back to the elders in the Dragon-Elephant School who had deprived him of his Legendary mantra, he could not help but feel anger in his heart. Back then, his strength was weak, and he was not even a match for those elders.

Even though Xiao Xianglin was his master, the strength of those elders was still hard for her to shake! However, as her teacher, how could she just sit by and watch her disciple suffer without being able to do anything? Therefore, she gave it her all. She wanted to make those elders pay a heavy price, no matter what the cost.

She had done it, but it had put her in a desperate situation where she was captured and sealed by the elders!

The strongest elder in the Dragon-Elephant School is also the Peak of World Defying magic realm, if they truly had a cultivation level that surpasses the Peak of World Defying magic realm, they would have already gone to the Tao-creation Mountain.

Chen Xiang was currently using the Late period of World Defying magic realm, and he believed that by using the power of the Red fire dragon, he would be able to rival the Peak of World Defying magic realm.

"This time, I can only succeed. I can’t fail!" He had to settle the debt of having Chen Xiang’s Legendary mantra stolen from him with the elder of the Dragon-Elephant School.

... ....

Within ten days, Chen Xiang arrived at the bustling city outside the Dragon-Elephant School. Ah Hu was currently in the middle stages of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, and his speed had increased in all aspects, becoming a great help to him.

He had only been gone for more than half a year, but there seemed to be a lot going on here.

The previously injured sect Leader s had now recovered from their injuries! Those sects that had lost their Leader s in the barrier also had new Leader s born.

The moment Chen Xiang returned, he heard everyone talking about what had just happened!

Ten days ago, Xiao Xianglin’s parents returned!

Xiao Xianglin’s parents had been missing for a period of time, and their whereabouts were already unknown when Xiao Xianglin was in trouble. They came back ten days ago. They seemed to have known about this long ago, so they attacked and tried to rescue their daughter as soon as they came back.

Although they were just half a step away from the Peak of World Defying magic realm, against the few elders of the Dragon Subduing School s, they were no match for them.

So, Xiao Xianglin’s parents were quickly taken down, seriously injured from the beating, and hung in front of the Dragon-Elephant School’s gate as an example to the people!

Chen Xiang had already arrived at the entrance of the Dragon-Elephant School. Xiao Hengyong and Ning Qian’s bodies were covered in blood and wounds, both of them looking listless.

Seeing this scene, the anger in Chen Xiang’s heart almost burst out. This was Xiao Xianglin’s parents, although they were normally strict with Xiao Xianglin, they still doted on their daughter.

This is what happens to the traitors of the Dragon-Elephant School. First, it was their precious daughter who betrayed them, and then it was them. He was Palace Main Disciples of the Dragon-Elephant School, his name was Li Kaiyi, and Chen Xiang remembered him, he was sworn enemies with Xiao Xianglin.

"Xiao Xianglin being here today is such a great pleasure, I have long disliked this unreasonable woman." Li Kaiyi laughed sinisterly as if he was a small person who had achieved his goals.

"You can’t bear to look at her because you’re not as strong as her!" Chen Xiang said in a deep voice, purposely speaking loudly, so that the thousands of people around him could hear him.

"I’m not stronger than her? "What a joke!" Li Kaiyi smirked, then glared at Chen Xiang with a hint of anger. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Chen Xiang had already changed his appearance, he could not recognize him at all.

"You’re not as strong as her! I can only blame her here. This is truly a very funny thing! " Chen Xiang also laughed: "I’m right, you’re even worse than women, useless trash."

Li Kaiyi suddenly became furious. This was the entrance to the Dragon-Elephant School, and to think that someone would mock him like this at his front door. Anyone would get angry at this.

"What kind of thing are you? On what basis am I not stronger than Xiao Xianglin? I could kill a woman like her with a single slap. " Li Kai Yi bellowed and walked towards Chen Xiang.

"Oh? Xiao Xianglin could kill a few Elders, which meant, you can kill a few Elders with a single slap? Haha... You are so powerful, the Dragon-Elephant School sent you here to guard the door, you are truly a waste of your talent. " Chen Xiang laughed and said.

Li Kaiyi was infuriated to the point that he could not hold back, he walked in front of Chen Xiang and slapped him with his palm.

Li Kai Yi was from the Palace Main Disciples, and was at the peak of the middle stage of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank. He was almost at the late stage, and could be considered more outstanding among his generation, he was extremely confident in his own strength.

"You talk too much!" When Li Kaiyi’s palm landed, he shouted angrily.

With a move of Chen Xiang’s mind, a burst of Arrogant Morale formed an invisible shield, bringing with it a burst of scorching power, Li Kaiyi’s palm landed on the invisible shield, causing a burst of smoke to emit from his palm, and in the next moment it melted, turning into ashes!

Li Kaiyi looked at his disappearing palm in horror, his whole body was trembling, and he kept retreating. He knew the man in front of him was very strong, and he was not someone he could deal with.

Right now, Chen Xiang was a Late period of World Defying magic realm, adding on the fact that he had the power of a Six beasts, a person like Li Kaiyi was just a pile of ashes in his eyes.

"You ... "Who are you?" Li Kaiyi screamed in shock.

Chen Xiang immediately changed back to his original appearance. "I am Chen Xiang, and Xiao Xianglin is my master!"

After he finished speaking, Chen Xiang fiercely kicked Li Kaiyi’s abdomen, "Scram back and tell those dog shit elders, if they don’t release my master, I will flatten Dragon-Elephant School!"

After being fiercely kicked by Chen Xiang, Li Kaiyi was sent flying through the Dragon-Elephant School entrance. He did not know where he was kicked to, but after a while, a sound came from inside.

Chen Xiang jumped up and waved his Heavenly magic sword, cutting apart the chains binding Xiao Hengyong and Ning Qian. Then, he placed the couple into the Six Realms mirrors and let the Mei Jing Sisters treat their injuries.

Just as they were saved, two elders ran out from Dragon-Elephant School. The elder of was the one who saved them!

"Chen Xiang, you evil person, use your Killing evil dragon s and commit heinous crimes everywhere. Your master even killed my Dragon-Elephant School’s elder, don’t think of leaving today." As an old man spoke, he held a huge blade in his hand and walked over to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang’s body moved like the wind, in a blink of an eye he was already behind the old man, only to see his arm suddenly transforming into a flaming dragon claw, directly smashing onto the old man’s head, following the burst of a dragon roar, the dragon claw shook, and a fire dragon came out from the dragon claw, which pierced through the old man’s entire body.

The old man instantly turned into ashes!

Another clan elder also attacked, he had witnessed everything from up close, and instantly killed all of these elders of the Late period of World Defying magic realm, his strength was truly at the Peak of World Defying magic realm!

This elder’s heart was currently in turmoil and incomparably shocked, because half a year ago, Chen Xiang was merely a Aoshi Holy Stage and it was only half a year later before he stepped into the Peak of World Defying magic realm! This was a peerless genius!