Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The elder didn’t think too much and immediately changed his attack to defend. He knew that Chen Xiang’s current strength was extraordinary and would only be able to contend against the Peak of World Defying magic realm in the future.

Furthermore, Xiao Xianglin was currently being imprisoned, so he naturally did not care about anything else as his disciple. Whoever blocked him would die, just like the elder who was killed by Chen Xiang.

Although the elders had already used all of their power to defend and at the same time, move backwards, he thought that he could escape, but he didn’t expect Chen Xiang to actually understand the power of space and teleported behind him.

Roar ... The dragon let out a long roar, its fury like a dragon. Its claws roared, pouring into the old man’s body from above his head. The dragon fire sprayed out in all directions, and with a boom, the old man’s body turned into ashes.

When the surrounding few thousand people saw that Chen Xiang’s two claws had killed the two arrogant elders of the Dragon-Elephant School, their hearts trembled and their hairs stood up. When they felt the domineering Arrogant Morale of Chen Xiang that looked down upon the world, they had the urge to kneel down.

"Chen Xiang, you’re finally here! I’ve been waiting for you for a long time! You were once a disciple of the Dragon-Elephant School but you betrayed the Dragon-Elephant School and you even killed an elder of the Dragon-Elephant School. The one who spoke was Yuan Zhiqing, Leader of the Dragon-Elephant School.

Back then, it was Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin who had saved him.

Just when Chen Xiang felt that this Yuan Zhiqing was ungrateful and angry, he heard Yuan Zhiqing sending him a sound transmission.

"Quickly capture me, then use me to threaten those elders and have them release your master." The voice that came from Yuan Zhiqing, made Chen Xiang feel gratified. He felt that it wasn’t in vain that he had saved him.

"Incompetent Leader!" Chen Xiang pretended to be extremely angry and shouted angrily. He then threw out his Six Realms mirrors, released a barrier, and sealed Yuan Zhiqing who flew out.

After that, he immediately rushed over and gave Yuan Zhiqing a round of punches and kicks. Finally, he kept Yuan Zhiqing inside his Six Realms mirrors.

The surrounding crowd who were scared to the point of retreating earlier, all stopped at this moment. They were scared to the point that their legs had gone limp, that Leader was actually captured in a matter of moments, and it wasn’t that easy to catch a mouse.

"Disciples of the Dragon-Elephant School, listen up! Your Leader has already been captured by me! If you want me to return Dragon-Elephant School, then release my master. I will come back tomorrow morning. "

After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he immediately flew into the air, and disappeared in the blink of an eye.

Without Chen Xiang’s oppressive Arrogant Morale, everyone felt as if a heavy burden had been lifted as they all let out a long sigh.

... ....

Chen Xiang hid outside the city, and entered the Six Realms mirrors s.

"Seniors, I am truly sorry. If it wasn’t for me, Master wouldn’t be in such a predicament." Chen Xiang felt extremely guilty. Xiao Hengyong and Ning Qian loved their daughter as if her life depended on it. She often restricted Xiao Xianglin from doing all sorts of dangerous things.

"Sigh, now that things have developed to this point, there’s no point in speaking any further." Xiao Hengyong sighed: "Maybe this is her life! Besides, we can handle what she’s doing! "

Ning Xi sighed lightly and said, "She is your master, and yet you are being treated like this by the elder. She stood up for her disciple, showing that she is a competent master! It is already unforgivable for those doyens to do such a thing. The reason why she killed a few doings of the doyens is also because she is taking justice for the heavens. "

Yuan Zhiqing rubbed his waist, he had been beaten up by Chen Xiang just now.

"You brat, your attacks are really ruthless." Yuan Zhiqing muttered.

"Hmph, you useless Leader, you still have the nerve to come see me! It was me and my master who saved you, so you should be clear about who retrieved your life. It had already been half a year and you couldn’t do anything right? " Chen Xiang was extremely angry, and this was also the reason why his actions were so heavy.

Ning Qian and Xiao Hengyong were secretly shocked. They knew that Yuan Zhiqing had been severely injured after returning from the barrier, but they did not know that Yuan Zhiqing was saved by Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin.

"I have my own difficulties too! Xiang Luan is locked in the divine tower of an elder. This divine tower is the divine tool of the elder and is hidden in the elder’s Divine Sense Sea. What do you want me to do? " Yuan Zhiqing shook his head and sighed, "I really have no other choice ... I have also discussed with Brother Wan how to save her, but I still don’t have a good idea. "

As the Leader, Wan Haixu was extremely powerful and his injuries had already recovered. He was saved by Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin and his relationship with Yuan Zhiqing was also pretty good.

Xiao Hengyong and Ning Qian had placed all their hopes of saving Xiao Xianglin on Chen Xiang. They knew that Chen Xiang was very strong, he had only gone missing for half a year, and that he could instantly kill an elder of the Dragon-Elephant School.

They suddenly felt that their daughter had very good eyes. She had actually accepted such a powerful disciple!

"Yuan Zhiqing, do you think they are willing to use my master to exchange for you?" Chen Xiang looked at Yuan Zhiqing with contempt.

"This... I will definitely do so, I am a Leader of the Dragon-Elephant School. " Yuan Zhiqing said with certainty: "I am a cultivator of the Peak of World Defying magic realm after all, and am very important to the Dragon-Elephant School!"

"Really?" Chen Xiang’s face was filled with suspicion, causing Yuan Zhiqing to curse in his heart.

"It’s true!" Yuan Zhiqing gave a casual smile, filled with absolute confidence.

"And if they don’t?" Chen Xiang asked again.

"How could I not?" Yuan Zhiqing had never thought of this. He felt that since he was a Leader, he must be very important to him.

"I said if." Chen Xiang asked.

"If they don’t, then I. I will leave Dragon-Elephant School and risk my life to save your master. " Yuan Zhiqing said very seriously: "I am not an ungrateful person!"

... ....

The news of Chen Xiang capturing the Dragon-Elephant School quickly spread through the ten great sects and many forces of the region. This was mainly because the Dragon-Elephant School had spent a large amount of resources and used the Transmission array to spread the news.

When the elders of the Dragon-Elephant School learned that Chen Xiang had advanced by leaps and bounds, they were naturally extremely shocked. They all thought that it was because of the Killing evil dragon, so they had to ask the people of the Dragon Controlling Palace to come over.

The people of the Dragon Controlling Palace were very willing, and were very interested in the Killing evil dragon. Especially after knowing that Chen Xiang had advanced by leaps and bounds through the Killing evil dragon and had stepped into the Peak of World Defying magic realm from the Aoshi Holy Stage in half a year, they all used a large number of the Crystal emperor to open up the Transmission array and headed towards the Dragon-Elephant School!

Leader of the Tao-creation School, upon learning of this matter, immediately guessed Yuan Zhiqing’s intentions. He also felt that this method was not bad, and might actually be able to save Xiao Xianglin.

The elders of the Tao-creation School had a good relationship with the elders of the Dragon-Elephant School, so they immediately brought Wan Haixu to the Dragon-Elephant School!

"The Killing evil dragon are really powerful, to actually let Chen Xiang grow so much in half a year!" They had already passed through the Transmission array and arrived at the Dragon-Elephant School.

Wan Haixu was sure that Chen Xiang did not pass through the Killing evil dragon. It was because Chen Xiang had come to find him before and asked him where the Tao-creation Mountain was, he knew clearly that Chen Xiang had only become so strong after returning from the Tao-creation Mountain.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content! UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

inclusion = " ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidcc; padding: 5px5px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {margin: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tMicrosoft Yahoo; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; margin -bottom: 5px; padding-top: 14px;}

Pay attention to WeChat public account number "17K Novels" (Weibo: 17K), the latest chapter of "Pride of the World", which can be easily read anytime and anywhere! Continuous signing can be granted free reading privilege; more wonderful activities please pay attention!