Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Dragon Force

Translated By - Ash

Edited By - Fingerfox

10/30th chapter of this month. Final chapter of today, rest for tomorrow.

Enjoy!!!!!!!

Chen Xiang jumped into the deep pit; while Wu Kaiming and Gu Dongchen soon left. They gave Chen Xiang a privilege, such that in the future, he would be free to access this region. Now he was not subjected to any restrictions as he jumped down into the pit, he was now free to fly, and no power was going to be blocking him.

Huang Jintian was roasting a very large cow ham when Chen Xiang suddenly fell down and smashed into the fire. When Huang Jintian was about to flip out, he noticed that it was his own apprentice, he could not help but exclaim in surprise.

"Am I dreaming?" Huang Jintian upon seeing the dirty face of Chen Xiang, suddenly burst into his maniac laughter, "I must be dreaming."

Chen Xiang grabbed the cow ham and took a few bites off of it, forcefully smiled and said, "Teacher, you are not dreaming, your apprentice came to play with you."

Huang Jintian caressed Chen Xiang’s head, startled and once again started laughing maniacally.

"Little Rascal, it is truly rare! Not to mention you, even your senior brother who had ascended to the Heavenly Realm is afraid to death of me. You unexpectedly had the courage to come down here. Say, why did you come looking for me!" Much to Chen Xiang’s surprise Huang Jintian had refrained himself from torturing him.

Chen Xiang swallowed the meat in his mouth, smiled and said, "Teacher, didn’t you ask me to come down often? That’s why I came."

"I had indeed said so, but I thought it went through one ear and out the other! I have said the same thing to your senior brother’s apprentices, but they only came down when they have something very important. Little rascal, you are very thoughtful!"

Huang Jintian nodded his head, in the depths of those bright eyes flashed a sliver of a naughty smile, which made Chen Xiang’s whole body be draped in cold sweat.

"Teacher, to tell you the truth, I wanted to quickly elevate my strength. As you can see I’m currently in the 6th level of the True Martial Realm, though it can be considered quick, I want it to be a little quicker. I have some dans with me, relying on them, I can step into the 7th level of the True Martial Realm but I’m afraid that my foundation will be unstable, that’s why I came down." Chen Xiang honestly explained.

"Brat, your progress is indeed very quick. Right, have you learned the Suppressing Devil Divine Exercise?" Huang Jintian at this time remembered that he had sent Chen Xiang to learn the Suppressing Devil Divine Exercise.

Chen Xiang nodded his head.

"Talk to me about it, Suppressing Devil Divine Exercise is not so easy to learn." Huang Jintian had only heard of it, but he had never learned it.

Chen Xiang told the details to Huang Jintian, which made Huang Jintian sigh with emotions again and again. He still didn’t understand what made the Suppressing Devil Divine Exercise so mystical, the learning process was not too difficult.

"No wonder in the ancient records of Extreme Martial Sect, it was said that only martial artists with the Heavenly Sun Fire Spirit could learn the exercise, so it was true!"

At the beginning Huang Jintian didn’t understand why, but now he understood. If one wanted to learn the Suppressing Devi Divine Exercise, he must use the Heavenly Sun Fire to burn the chanting formula which would be branded into his soul, when memorizing the chanting formula. Afterwards, he would unconsciously began to learn the Suppressing Devil Divine Exercise.

This kind of bizarre divine exercise made Huang Jintian greatly widen his horizons.

"Little Rascal, now many experts have gathered at the Chenwu Mainland. These guys are not lacking in experience or knowledge. It is highly likely that some of them might be the martial artists who wanted to snatch my Tai Chi Subduing Dragon Exercise. They are quite knowledgeable regarding this kind of True Qi, that’s why, after you go out, it’s better if you use the Universe True Qi as little as possible." Huang Jintian said in a very solemn tone.

If he was found out, it would be very dangerous.

The Tai Chi Subduing Dragon Exercise was the Supreme Exercise of the Imperial Dragon Clan. Even the experts of the Heavenly Realm very much yearned for it, not to mention the martial artists of Mortal World.

Chen Xiang nodded his head.

Huang Jintian laughed and said, "Which dan do you have to improve your cultivation? Let me take a look, I need to check in order for me to draft a training program for you."

As Chen Xiang took out the Five Elements True Elemental Dans, with one glance Huang Jintian recognized them. He used to be an influential figure during his era, he had travelled to different mainlands, have traveled far and wide and seen a great deal. But he had never seen so many Five Elements True Element Dan. He knew that his apprentice was also a powerful alchemist, but he didn’t expect him to be so abnormal.

"Little Rascal, I am pretty sure that you will ascend much earlier than your senior brother!" Looking at those exquisite and crystal clear Five Elements True Elemental Dans, Huang Jintian said with emotion.

Chen Xiang smiled and said, "This is all thanks to teacher’s guidance! I want to quickly elevate my strength, there is a Little Monster of the Herculean Family outside clamoring to challenge me."

Huang Jintian smiled, "Herculean Family’s Little Monster? Hei hei, these arrogant guys indeed need to be taught a lesson. When your teacher traveled here and there, I have taught a lesson to many Herculean Family members."

Next, Huang Jintian developed a training programme for Chen Xiang. One-hundred-and-fifty Five Elements True Elemental Dans were divided into three batches which would be taken once every ten days. And during daytime he must undergo a kind of torturous training, while during the night he was scheduled to cultivate True Qi. And also everyday he must spar with Huang Jintian for one hour.

What troubled Chen Xiang was that even after entering the 6th level of the True Martial Realm, he was still not able to congeal "Dragon Force". After cultivating the Tai Chi Subduing Dragon Exercise, the Dragon Force was the strongest form of True Qi. He had inquired Long Xueyi, only to hear that he was still not proficient enough.

When Chen Xiang first came here, he had seen Huang Jintian cast Dragon Force. At that time it had almost scared him, however, no matter how much he tried to congeal it in accordance with the Tai Chi Subduing Dragon Exercise, he was still unable to congeal it.

He had told the same thing to Huang Jintian, however, Huang Jintian too replied that he was not proficient enough.

"I think after you have entered the 7th level of the True Martial Realm, you might be able to congeal it. This kind of strength is very strong, however, powerful martial artists can easily recognize it. You must not use it in front of many people." Huang Jintian said. Only those who cultivated the Tai Chi Subduing Dragon Exercise could congeal the Dragon Force.

Long Xueyi too knew that the Dragon Force was nothing trivial. So, whenever she lent her strength to Chen Xiang, she had never used the Dragon Force, and only used her True Qi instead. She was a dragon, naturally she inherently possessed the Dragon Force. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

The torturous training began, in order to improve his strength, Chen Xiang could only bear it down!

The huge pit began to echo with Chen Xiang’s heartbreaking screams. Using his unique method, Huang Jintian tempered each and every part of Chen Xiang’s body. As a result, not only did his body became stronger, his True Qi too became more pure, his foundation was even more solid. This was also the reason why the three Tycoons of the Extreme Martial Sect were so powerful.

Chen Xiang thought that the time was passing very slowly. Every day the kind of brutal pain he had to undergo was extremely terrifying, but after the brutal training, he would have a lot of harvest. It was also the reason why he persevered.

Now Chen Xiang had completely eaten all the one-hundred-and-fifty Five Elements True Elemental Dans. The reason why Chen Xiang could quickly improve his strength using dans without any hesitation was all accredited to Huang Jintian’s help. Unknowingly, fifty True Element Grains were added to his dantian.

Chen Xiang had stepped into the 7th level of the True Martial Realm, but only a little part of those Beast Forms was bright. Imagining the countless True Element Grains required to completely illuminate the five Reverend Beast Forms, Chen Xiang was having a hard time calculating when would he be able to reach that stage.

As envisioned by Huang Jintian, in just one month Chen Xiang had entered the 7th level of the True Martial Realm, and now he was at the most crucial moment, he was trying to congeal the Dragon Force!

To congeal the Dragon Force, not only must his True Qi be vigorous, he was also required to comprehend and perceive the abstruse principles of Tai Chi Subduing Dragon Exercise which often needed a flash of inspiration.

Suddenly, a frown appeared on Chen Xiang’s glabella; he only felt that a half of his True Qi had suddenly been drawn out, while on his palm a rice-grain-size speck of white light appeared.

This was the Dragon Force which was exuding an incredibly powerful strength. The aura that was surging out one after another from the white speck was raging the water inside the pool up and down. Seeing this Chen Xiang was extremely excited.