Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

At this time, the front door of the Dragon-Elephant School was bustling with noise and excitement. The senior Leader s of the various great sects had all come, and the family forces had all come as well! They mainly wanted to see how Dragon-Elephant School would take down Chen Xiang and how he would capture Chen Xiang’s Killing evil dragon.

In this past half a year, Gu Tong and Luo Jiuyang had not received any news, if they were both here, Chen Xiang wouldn’t be under so much pressure!

"It’s only the middle of the night now, but there are already many experts gathered at the entrance of the Dragon-Elephant School." Chen Xiang went out to ask around, returning back to the Six Realms mirrors s.

"Dragon-Elephant School has brought so many people this time, so no matter what, they will not suffer a loss." Xiao Hengyong said as he looked at Yuan Zhiqing.

If the Dragon-Elephant School used Xiao Xianglin to exchange for Yuan Zhiqing at that time, this process would definitely not be an easy one.

"Yeah!" Yuan Zhiqing also had a bad premonition. If they were to fight, even ten of him would not be able to handle so many strong experts, and the other sects would probably not intervene.

But Dragon Controlling Palace and Tao-creation School would definitely intervene, they had a very good relationship with each other right now.

There was still half a day before dawn when Chen Xiang entered a secret room inside the Six Realms mirrors and suddenly took out the Time array. He opened the Time array and took out the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal.

"I hope you don’t use this!" Chen Xiang looked at the small piece of Tao-creation Divine Crystal. This thing was not easy to obtain, he did not want to use it.

Now that there are so many people in Dragon-Elephant School, he must refine the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal into a Destruction Curse Pill!

Not only did he refine the Tao-creation Divine Crystals, he also refined dozens of Tao-creation Holy stone s, just in case.

After he finished refining, Chen Xiang came out of the Time array. It was still late at night, so he spent much of his time inside the Time array.

When dawn finally arrived, Chen Xiang arrived at the front door of Dragon-Elephant School alone.

Standing in front of the main entrance of the Dragon-Elephant School were three Elders with long white hair and beards, who had a face full of wrinkles. By their side were Elder Dragon Controlling Palace, the new Palace Master, and a few Elders who were riding Black dragon horse s.

The Dragon Controlling Palace had a total of ten people, and this was a very strong power.

There were also about a dozen people from the Tao-creation School, including Leader and a few clan elders. Chen Xiang was not too familiar with the other powers, but he knew that there were at least fifty Peak of World Defying magic realm s here.

Over ten experts from the major powers were standing together. This kind of pressure was extremely domineering, many of them only dared to watch from afar. Even so, they were still under a lot of pressure.

However, Chen Xiang was calm and composed, his expression calm as he walked towards the door of Dragon-Elephant School, his footsteps steady, without a trace of fear, this cultivation realm was truly admirable.

"Where’s my master?" Chen Xiang said loudly, with an imposing manner.

"Here!" A senior elder of Dragon-Elephant School raised the golden tower in his hands. Previously, Chen Xiang had also been imprisoned by this tower, but now he was no longer afraid of it.

When Yuan Zhiqing saw the elder inside the Six Realms mirrors, he scolded him in a low voice: "This fellow is called Ke Hezong, but he is an old fox."

"As I said yesterday, you all release my master, and I will hand over your Leader." said. At this time, his heart was extremely excited, because Xiao Xianglin was inside the small pagoda.

"We need you to release our Leader first. With so many people watching here, we will not go back on our words." As the strongest Elder in the Dragon-Elephant School, Ke Hezong’s words held weight.

But Chen Xiang still did not trust him!

"I’ll release your Leader first, and then you guys can release my master as well. How about it?" Chen Xiang wanted to see Xiao Xianglin’s current situation.

"Sure!" Ke Hezong’s golden tower flashed, and a proud beauty dressed in white appeared in front of him. Although Xiao Xianglin’s face was a little haggard, it still gave off a threatening aura.

She also did not expect Chen Xiang to be so strong now. As she and Chen Xiang looked at each other, although they did not communicate, they seemed to be able to feel each other’s strong feelings.

Chen Xiang also let Yuan Zhiqing out, Yuan Zhiqing was tied up with green chains and his face looked haggard, as if he had been ill-treated. This was what Chen Xiang told him to pretend.

"Let them go first!" Ke Hezong said.

In front of so many people, if the elder did not redeem Leader, they would lose all their face, even though they did not have much face left.

There was no spatial imprisonment, only that Xiao Xianglin’s waist was tied up with something. If Ke Hezong went back on his words, he could also use the power of space to go over and be with Xiao Xianglin ...

Xiao Xianglin nodded slightly towards Chen Xiang, indicating that he could let Yuan Zhiqing go.

"Everyone present, I know that no one wants to get involved in this matter!" Chen Xiang suddenly shouted, the patriarchs of the Dragon-Elephant School did not know what Chen Xiang was doing.

Chen Xiang looked at the few clan elders and Leader s from the sects and selected twenty that were not bad. They were all from the Peak of World Defying magic realm.

"Chen Xiang, be quick." Ke Hezong shouted.

"I want to help a few seniors. If you don’t release my master when the time comes, I want them to help." Chen Xiang said.

"Who will help a guy with a Killing evil dragon?" The hall master of the Dragon Controlling Palace sneered.

"Don’t worry, I won’t let a despicable evil person like you help me." Chen Xiang laughed in disdain.

Chen Xiang suddenly took out a handful of Tao-creation Holy stone, causing everyone’s heart to jump, they stared blankly, with so many Tao-creation Holy stone, it was more than any sect’s reserves, even if all the sects combined their resources, they would not necessarily have more Tao-creation Holy stone than Chen Xiang.

"I know that everyone does not wish to become enemies with the Dragon-Elephant School, and I will not force you. I only hope that everyone can help out when the Dragon-Elephant School is not keeping his word, and I will naturally give everyone five Tao-creation Holy stone." Chen Xiang said. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Dragon-Elephant School could do anything, so Chen Xiang was not at ease. No matter what, he had to let Xiao Xianglin enter the Six Realms mirrors today, and that would be enough.

After that, Chen Xiang pointed to twenty people, all of whom he thought were good Peak of World Defying magic realm Rankers, including Tao-creation School’s Wan Haixu.

"If you agree, you just need to swear a blood oath! If Dragon-Elephant School goes back on his word, then you guys should help me deal with Dragon-Elephant School. If Dragon-Elephant School really releases my master, then you all will have fulfilled your oaths. " Chen Xiang said: "That way, you will be able to obtain the five Tao-creation s."

Who wouldn’t be willing to take on such an easy task?

They felt that fighting for the five Tao-creation s was worth it, and standing up one after another was just a guarantee. They all thought that their luck was pretty good, because the Dragon-Elephant School would definitely not dare to act rashly, otherwise, it would just be making life difficult for the twenty Peak of World Defying magic realm Rankers.

This made Chen Xiang a little surprised. He thought that it would be good if there were five people! He suddenly felt that these Peak of World Defying magic realm Rankers were easy to bribe. If he had known earlier, he would have bribed a few of them to help him.

After these twenty people swore their blood oaths and received five Tao-creation s from Chen Xiang, the other Rankers were extremely envious, because this was equivalent to earning money even by lying down.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!

inclusion = " ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidcc; padding: 5px5px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {margin: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tMicrosoft Yahoo; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; margin -bottom: 5px; padding-top: 14px;}

Pay attention to WeChat public account number "17K Novels" (Weibo: 17K), the latest chapter of "Pride of the World", which can be easily read anytime and anywhere! Continuous signing can be granted free reading privilege; more wonderful activities please pay attention!