Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing this scene, Ke Hezong was so angry that blood dripped from his heart. Chen Xiang actually had so many Tao-creation Holy stone s, he really did not know how he did it.

"Chen Xiang, you despicable person, you actually dared to steal our Dragon-Elephant School’s Holy stone!" Ke Hezong roared: This is the wealth of our Dragon-Elephant School!

"F * ck your mother!" Chen Xiang roared in anger, and then, he pushed Yuan Zhiqing over.

The corner of Ke Hezong’s eyes twitched, and he pushed Xiao Xianglin over. Chen Xiang immediately activated his Time and space power and teleported Xiao Xianglin over.

Those people who had obtained Tao-creation’s Holy stone, upon seeing the exchange complete smoothly, heaved a sigh of relief in their hearts. That way, they could consider it as having fulfilled their oaths! Chen Xiang only made them guarantee that the exchange would go smoothly, that was all. If they took another step, they would definitely not be willing, and even if someone was willing, it would only be a small number.

"Master, are you alright?" When Chen Xiang saw that Xiao Xianglin was fine, he became a lot more relieved. He was worried that Xiao Xianglin would be mistreated by the Dragon-Elephant School Elders.

Xiao Xianglin shook his head, then sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang: "They won’t let us off. It’s not easy for us to leave!"

When Xiao Xianglin came over, Chen Xiang had already felt the great formation enveloping him. In order to capture Chen Xiang, the Dragon-Elephant School had paid a huge price.

Previously, Ke Hezong did not want to let Xiao Xianglin go, but seeing that there were twenty people who took Chen Xiang’s Tao-creation s, he had no choice but to release them. This way, they would need to open a super enchantment realm and trap Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin.

"Aren’t you going to let us go?" When Chen Xiang saw a few elderly men from the Peak of World Defying magic realm holding onto Tao-creation Divine Weapons, he knew that they were going to fight.

"You stole our Dragon-Elephant School’s Holy stone, and you are the owner of the Killing evil dragon. Yesterday you killed two of our Dragon-Elephant School’s elders, you were an unforgivable dog thief, how can I let you go?" Ke Hezong’s old face darkened as he shouted angrily.

Chen Xiang clenched his fists and said angrily: "You old bastard, stop slandering me here, didn’t you capture me just to take away my Legendary mantra? Haha... Unfortunately, your boss got my Legendary mantra, but was killed by my master, and even some old bastards were buried with him.

"You ... "Don’t laugh, you will definitely die today." Ke Hezong shouted angrily, and was about to go over.

"Old Ke, we agreed that we would force the Killing evil dragon out of his body." The senior elder of the Dragon Controlling Palace said, "Leave him to us first. You can just watch by the side. With the nine layers of enchantments here, there’s no need to be afraid of them escaping."

Chen Xiang immediately sent a sound transmission to Xiao Xianglin, "Master, how long do you think it will take to comprehend the Legendary mantra? I’ll try to put it off for a while! Fifty years? Is a hundred years enough? "

"I don’t know. Can you really handle it alone? " Xiao Xianglin could feel how strong the Arrogant Morale on Chen Xiang’s body was, it was already close to the Peak of World Defying magic realm.

"I have a Time array. If you can comprehend the Legendary mantra that you have obtained, we will have a chance of winning." Chen Xiang swept his eyes across Ke Hezong’s group. Maybe only the elders from the Tao-creation School and the Tao-creation School would take action, as the other sects were just there to join in on the fun.

"Okay, I’ll try my best! During this period of time that I was imprisoned in the tower, I had a certain amount of research on Legendary mantra. If I had that much time, I could have successfully mastered the Legendary mantra. " Xiao Xianglin said.

Chen Xiang placed her inside the Six Realms mirrors, letting her reunite with her parents, and then letting her family of three enter the You Yao Mountain Villa. He might need to use the Six Realms mirrors in battle later.

Seeing that Xiao Xianglin had disappeared, the patriarch of the Dragon Controlling Palace immediately took action.

"There are so many people watching today. Don’t tell me you want to bully us with numbers?" Chen Xiang laughed coldly: "Of course, your Dragon Controlling Palace is extremely shameless to begin with, so you won’t let anyone talk so much, right?"

When Chen Xiang released his aura of the Primordial divine soul, everyone was shocked when they sensed it, because the strength of his aura was only that of the Late period of World Defying magic realm.

"Since it’s impossible for me to escape today, why don’t we come and fight fair and square? How about it?" Chen Xiang had to stall for time so that Xiao Xianglin could comprehend the Legendary mantra.

Seeing the people from the Dragon Controlling Palace hesitating, Chen Xiang laughed out loud, "In such a large Dragon Controlling Palace, how could no one dare to accept my, Chen Xiang’s, challenge.

"Chen Xiang, you have the Killing evil dragon, so you have an endless amount of evil power. We don’t believe your lies!" They also wanted to send someone to fight with Chen Xiang, to show off their strength.

"If my Killing evil dragon could really appear, all of you would have to die today. My Killing evil dragon is not that easy to summon, and I also greatly desire to be able to summon it. " Chen Xiang’s voice was ice-cold: "Because I can’t wait to kill all of you right now, but it’s a pity that I don’t have the power of the Killing evil dragon yet!" Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

The power of the Killing evil dragon was very terrifying, and the people of the Dragon Controlling Palace were the most clear on it. Those elders also knew about it because that was one of the most terrifying legends!

"Since all of you are so cowardly, let’s attack together!" Chen Xiang’s voice was full of ridicule: "People of the Dragon Controlling Palace, are just a bunch of people who bully the weak and fear the strong.

"Don’t be arrogant!" A middle aged man from Dragon Controlling Palace walked out. He was a Peak of World Defying magic realm cultivator, and seemed to be the new Palace Master.

"Do you want to fight me one-on-one?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course, our Dragon Controlling Palace s never bully the few with numbers, even if you have Killing evil dragon s, as the hall master of the Dragon Controlling Palace, I have the Imperial Dragon Technique, a technique that specializes in restraining your evil dragons, come!" Dragon Controlling Palace Leader took out a long sword. He released his Dragon Power, allowing himself to enter the human dragon state as dragon scales appeared on his body.

The people of the Dragon Controlling Palace had specially tamed the dragons and refined them into the Divine Sense Sea for their own use. Thus, they were able to cultivate a very strong Dragon Power.

The reason there were so few dragons in the Tao-creation Place was all because of the Dragon Controlling Palace.

Previously, Chen Xiang and Chen Xiang had killed a Dragon Controlling Palace Leader before, but the Dragon Controlling Palace did not know about this matter. Otherwise, they would have already swarmed over and killed Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang summoned his Heavenly magic sword and fused it within!

"I will force you to release the Killing evil dragon." The Dragon Controlling Palace Leader also seemed to know that the Killing evil dragon could not be summoned anytime soon. He watched as Chen Xiang revealed his Divine Weapon and released his Dragon Power.

Just the release of his Arrogant Morale was enough to cause the winds and clouds to surge, and the color of heaven and earth to change.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!

inclusion = " ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidcc; padding: 5px5px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {margin: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tMicrosoft Yahoo; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; margin -bottom: 5px; padding-top: 14px;}

Pay attention to WeChat public account number "17K Novels" (Weibo: 17K), the latest chapter of "Pride of the World", which can be easily read anytime and anywhere! Continuous signing can be granted free reading privilege; more wonderful activities please pay attention!