Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was enveloped by the Arrogant Morale, but he was not afraid at all. His body shook, and the dragon’s might Arrogant Morale enveloping him was all blasted away by him. Dragon Controlling Palace Leader had already slashed out a few times, and a few sword energies like dragons, rushed towards Chen Xiang like lightning.

With a thought, the Six beasts in Chen Xiang’s body fused and turned into a Red fire dragon!

Facing an expert of the Peak of World Defying magic realm, it was impossible for him not to use the Red fire dragon’s power. The Red fire dragon’s power surged into Chen Xiang’s body, spitting out waves of Arrogant Morale which roared out like a mad dragon.

Chen Xiang’s dragon Arrogant Morale, was actually also this terrifying, shocking, it was definitely not lower than the Dragon Controlling Palace Leader’s! And this was not even the power of the Killing evil dragon, it was already so strong, causing many Peak of World Defying magic realm Rankers to be moved.

’s Primordial divine soul was only at the late stage, and had yet to reach its peak, but to be able to use the strength of a Primordial Divine Dragon to fight against a peak stage Dragon Controlling Palace Leader, if Chen Xiang stepped into the Peak of World Defying magic realm, was not something they could deal with.

Dragon Controlling Palace Leader’s Dragon Sword Qi looked like lightning. Not only was it fast, it also brought along a monstrous pressure that struck over. That pressure was like an invisible wave.

Chen Xiang only released the power of the Red fire dragon, and the Sword Qi struck him like an electric dragon. Chen Xiang did not try to dodge, but quickly waved his sword, and struck towards the incoming Sword Qi.

When the Heavenly magic sword touched the berserk Sword Qi, everyone thought that Chen Xiang’s sword would be blown away, but they were wrong, the sword Qi was sent flying back by Chen Xiang.

The scarier part was that the dragon formed from the sword qi was even stronger. It carried a scorching aura and turned into a flaming lightning dragon!

"The flash dragon Sword Qi from the Dragon Controlling Palace Leader was actually beaten back!"

"Even if I can block it, the dragon sword qi would explode with a burst of lightning. It would spread to the surroundings and actually get knocked back!" An old man was extremely astonished. He had lived for so many years, but this was the first time he saw someone strike back someone’s sword Qi and increase his strength.

Dragon Controlling Palace Leader also did not expect this. Fortunately, his reaction was quick, and he dodged quickly. Just when he thought that he was going to dodge, the flaming lightning dragon sword qi turned and followed right behind him.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

Dragon Controlling Palace Leader was hit, releasing a burst of brilliant fire and lightning.

Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword could reflect strength like a Six Realms mirrors when it fused with other Six Realms mirrors!

"Stinking brat!" The Dragon Controlling Palace Leader roared. The blue dragon scales all over his body flickered with a blue light and released a rainbow aura. He was so angry that he charged towards Chen Xiang like a mad bull.

Dragon Controlling Palace Leader had already seen that there was something fishy with Chen Xiang’s sword, so he could not use sword qi to attack from a distance. Otherwise, he would be at a disadvantage.

Chen Xiang did not expect Dragon Controlling Palace Leader to attack him from a close distance. After transforming into a human dragon, his body had improved a lot in all aspects, and his movements were very nimble.

He arrived in the blink of an eye, and hacked out a few times. The sword and sword condensed his strongest Arrogant Morale, stabbing at the space, causing it to tremble like water. It was very scary.

Some of the juniors were terrified as they saw the sword being stabbed. It was not as simple as having multiple holes in one’s body.

"Chen Xiang is so powerful, he actually dodged it!" Everyone could see the direction where the Dragon Controlling Palace Leader’s sharp sword was coming from. It was difficult to catch it, especially when the Dragon Controlling Palace was moving at high speeds, he was nowhere to be seen.

The only thing they could see was the sword stabbing towards them, causing space to tremble like rippling water, as well as the terrifying Arrogant Morale that came forth every time they brandished the sword. Even from afar, it seemed as though they could feel a sword piercing many holes into their bodies at any time.

Clang!

After a crisp sound, Chen Xiang who had been dodging suddenly unleashed his sword, with his sword behind his back, he blocked Dragon Controlling Palace Leader’s slash towards his neck.

It was a close call!

Dragon Controlling Palace Leader was even more shocked, because Chen Xiang looked young. He did not look like a person with such fighting experience, and he felt that he was not facing a youngster, but an old guy who had experienced a lot in the battlefield.

Chen Xiang had a lot of battle experience to begin with. This was something that he had accumulated for many years, to the point where he could not even remember how long he had lived.

"This guy is really strong!" Chen Xiang exclaimed in his heart. If he did not use the power of the Red fire dragon, he would not be a match for the other party, and this Dragon Controlling Palace Leader seemed to be slightly stronger than him.

The Dragon Controlling Palace Leader suppressed the sword with great force, wanting to cut Chen Xiang’s neck. At the same time, he struck a palm towards Chen Xiang’s waist, and a vigorous Dragon Power surged out, transforming into a life-like dragon head, rushing towards Chen Xiang’s waist.

"This is bad!" When Chen Xiang discovered that Dragon Controlling Palace Leader released his dragon, his waist was in pain, he had been hit by the dragon head, and was sent flying.

When he flew out, the Dragon Controlling Palace Leader immediately caught up, sending out a fast sword attack towards Chen Xiang. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Chen Xiang immediately balanced his body and dodged the swift sword strike like a dragon, but his body was still struck by two swords! He immediately attacked the Dragon Controlling Palace Leader with Heaven Blasting Palm, but it was still the same as blushing red with the shock spell and the nine Increase spell s.

Waves of vibrating power, along with threads of thunder and lightning power, surged over like a huge wave.

Dragon Controlling Palace Leader just felt a wave of thunder and fire shaking him, and then another wave, like this continuously, and suddenly dozens of waves like this broke out, causing him to retreat backwards, he had no choice but to stay away from Chen Xiang.

What shocked Dragon Controlling Palace Leader the most was that the energy that he had gathered had weakened greatly after entering his body that had been shaken just now. At this moment, there was still the power of lightning and burning energy remaining in his body.

Chen Xiang was stabbed twice, and a bit of blood flowed out, but he quickly stopped.

The power of the thunder and fire that Chen Xiang had just released was from the Heaven Blasting Palm and the Increase spell of the ninth step. It was extremely ferocious and powerful, with a Arrogant Morale that far exceeded what the Dragon Controlling Palace Leader could muster. The surrounding people were also extremely shocked by the power of the "boom boom boom".

Chen Xiang took advantage of the situation and rushed forward. With the nine layers of barrier preventing him from using the power of space, he could only rush forward with his maximum speed.

Dragon Controlling Palace Leader had predicted that Chen Xiang would come over, and knew that Chen Xiang’s speed would definitely be fast. Therefore, the moment Chen Xiang got near and was about to attack, Dragon Controlling Palace Leader’s chest suddenly flashed with a blue light, and a mighty head of lightning surged out from his chest.

"Primordial True Dragon!" An elder of the Dragon Controlling Palace Leader shouted complacently.

The Dragon Controlling Palace Leader had finally released the dragon for battle. This was the strongest technique of the Dragon Controlling Palace, the power of the dragon!

The blue lightning dragon roared as it charged out, blue light flashing from its mouth as it contained a terrifying power. When this power was channeled, the earth would violently shake, and the power of its aura would surge mightily. Everyone inside the barrier was terrified, the power it contained was too terrifying.

Everyone suddenly realised, this was something that Dragon Controlling Palace Leader had stored in the deep ocean, and it would be released very soon! Chen Xiang was right in front of the dragon head, as though he was already suppressed by the immense power and couldn’t move at all.