Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The lightning dragon roared, its power shooting out like a bolt of lightning from its mouth. Just at the moment of electric sparks, Chen Xiang’s Heavenly magic sword suddenly turned into a mirror, blocking in front of the dragon!

Chen Xiang was not far from the Dragon Controlling Palace Leader. His Six Realms mirrors was almost smacked over, and he could also feel that his dragon head had been smacked.

The most frightening thing was that the powerful and terrifying lightning Dragon Power that the Raging Thunder Dragon had condensed was rebounded back to normal by the Six Realms mirrors!

A thunderclap sounded out, no one saw Chen Xiang being penetrated by the lightning, but the dragon was the one who suddenly shattered, and a burst of violent and angry dragon lightning energy struck through Dragon Controlling Palace Leader’s body.

A huge hole appeared on the front and back of Dragon Controlling Palace Leader’s chest. That life dragon of his was blown into smithereens, and the most fatal was Dragon Controlling Palace Leader. The power that he had accumulated was also sent back to Divine Sense Sea!

Dragon Controlling Palace Leader didn’t even have the time to shout before he was instantly killed. He, whose body had a large hole pierced through, fiercely lied on the ground with his eyes wide open.

Everyone swallowed their saliva. They were so shocked that they were stupefied!

Dragon Controlling Palace Leader was actually dead, and so simply too. Before he even died, he didn’t even have time to scream before he was killed.

The patriarchs and elders of the Dragon Controlling Palace were already staring with red eyes. They had already lost a hall master before, and now they were finally able to find a decent one to kill in public.

That moment was too sudden!

Not only the people from the Dragon Controlling Palace, even many people thought that Chen Xiang would lose his life from that one strike. They really didn’t expect that Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors would be so terrifying, it directly blocked in front of that dragon mouth and blocked the power that was spewing out of its mouth multiple times!

In that case, the Dragon Controlling Palace Leader was killed by his own power, no wonder he died with grievances.

Chen Xiang’s heart was beating extremely fast at the moment, because he never thought that he would actually be able to get rid of Dragon Controlling Palace Leader this way! 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"Let’s attack together!" The patriarch of the Dragon Controlling Palace roared.

"Do you need our help?" Ke Hezong asked.

"No need, this is the hatred between us Dragon Controlling Palace and Chen Xiang." The Dragon Resisting Dragon Elder had already rushed at Chen Xiang. At the same time, the other eight elders also rushed over, only to see that each and every one of them had turned into a human dragon.

"Let’s go all out!" Chen Xiang suddenly roared, his entire body releasing blazing fire, the Red fire dragon’s power overflowed out of his body.

The Red fire dragon had completely fused with him, causing his entire body to be covered in fiery red scales.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

He raised his Six Realms mirrors and swept it towards the group of old Dragon Controlling Gods s who were rushing over, striking out with a hundred meter tall lightning fire, sweeping towards them in a majestic manner.

In the blink of an eye, the intense flames he had released enveloped the entire Dragon-Elephant School’s gate.

"Break!" The Dragon Resisting Elder roared, he swung his fist, his Arrogant Morale dancing. He released a heaven-shaking roar, striking the fire Chen Xiang had released.

The fire scattered everywhere and the surrounding people blocked it. The flames splashed onto some houses and immediately started a raging fire. In the blink of an eye, the nine layers of Spirit Formation were covered in flames.

The old Dragon Controlling Gods s did not think that Chen Xiang would be so terrifying when he turns into a Draconian.

"Kill him!" An old Dragon Controlling Gods roared, he had already flashed behind Chen Xiang, and with a roar, a red True Dragon flew out.

Chen Xiang waved his big hand, and it immediately turned into a huge, fiery-red dragon scale claw. As if pinching a snake, he pinched the Old Dragon Controlling Gods’s Primordial Dragon, and then fiercely whipped it out.

Chen Xiang’s arm suddenly turned into a huge dragon claw, causing people to feel extremely terrified, especially the people from the Dragon Controlling Palace, because they knew what this meant.

This meant that Chen Xiang could transform into a dragon at any time. This was the highest realm they were pursuing, and Chen Xiang could already perfectly fuse with a dragon!

The hot Dragon Blood splattered everywhere. That old man died on the spot because his dragon had already been pinched to death by Chen Xiang.

The eyes of the people from the Dragon Controlling Palace were bloodshot.

Chen Xiang’s entire body was covered in flames, the flame power unleashed by the Red fire dragon had an endless amount of power. The Scarlet Dragon’s Arrogant Morale that surged out shook the entire audience, especially the fact that he was holding onto a three thousand meter long huge dragon and his dragon head was already crushed.

"Humph!" When Chen Xiang saw the people from the Dragon Controlling Palace coming over, he grabbed the huge dragon and whipped it like he was holding a whip.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

Although Chen Xiang was holding onto a three thousand meter long dragon, he wasn’t cumbersome at all. On the contrary, he was extremely nimble, and he lashed out, striking the flames around him and swept up a large swath of fire. He lashed out at two of the elders from the Dragon Controlling Palace, and the houses in the distance were flattened by the gigantic dragon’s body.

Bang!

The dragon’s body was grabbed and madly whipped by Chen Xiang. Numerous huge ravines were pulled out from the ground, and within a circumference of three hundred meters, even the Dragon-Elephant School’s main gate was swept flat by Chen Xiang’s dragon body.

"Let’s go!" When Ke Hezong saw that the situation had gone out of control, he immediately rushed forward, with a group of elders following closely behind, while the patriarchs of the Tao-creation School watched on quietly.

Ke Hezong and the others from the Dragon-Elephant School were all able to use Dragon Elephants. When they fought, they would immediately summon their Nine-headed Dragon Elephant.

When Chen Xiang saw this, he immediately grabbed onto the gigantic dragon and swept towards the group of gigantic dragons and elephants that were rushing towards him. At the same time, the people of Dragon Controlling Palace also found a breather and released the gigantic dragon that was 3000 metres tall. They floated in the air and attacked Chen Xiang together with the over 100 gigantic and ferocious dragons that were lying on the ground.

After Chen Xiang swept his dragon arm towards the group of dragon and elephant, he was actually suppressed by the huge body of the dragon and elephant, causing him to have no choice but to let go of the dragon.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The Dragon corpse landed on the ground, causing the ground to shake as if it was going to jump.

"Dragon Elephant Sky Array, charge!" Ke Hezong floated on top of a dragon elephant, his face full of arrogance.

The Red fire dragon allowed him to turn into a human dragon. Although his strength rose sharply, facing so many Peak of World Defying magic realm Rankers in front of him, he had no way to resist, not to mention that there were still dozens of huge dragons in the sky!

Although only one Destiny True Dragon was the strongest, the other great dragons were not weak either. To be able to stay in the air as though it was the sun itself was enough to give people a lot of pressure.

"Is it really over?" When Chen Xiang saw the Giant Dragon Elephant rushing over, he frowned and threw out all the Destruction Incantation Pills that he had refined with the Tao-creation Holy stone out.

Just when Ke Hezong was wondering what this was, the Destruction Incantation Pill had already landed on the ground. The moment the dragon and elephant group passed by, the Curse Pill immediately exploded!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The continuous explosions sent dragon and elephant flying with blood and gore. Tao-creation’s Holy stone was indeed powerful, some of the dragon and elephants even fell to the ground and howled.

The massive Dragon Elephant Sky Array, everything in front of it fell to the ground, with blood and flesh all over!