Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

They had lost about half of their dragon and elephant, but luckily, there was still half of them left. On the other hand, the few huge dragons in the sky controlled by the Dragon Controlling Palace roared crazily, their power overflowing the heavens, causing the ground to seem as if it was going to sink down.

Chen Xiang clenched his teeth. He had underestimated the strength of the group of dragon and elephant. On the surface of the dragon and elephant, there was a thick layer of dragon scales which had a very strong defensive power.

"Kill!" Ke Hezong roared angrily. Chen Xiang alone was enough to cause them heavy losses.

The shrieks of the dragon and the roars of the dragon seemed to shake the heaven and earth. What was even more terrifying was that all the beasts were gathering their energy.

The earth had been torn apart, the sky had been enveloped by waves of berserk might, all the buildings in Dragon-Elephant School collapsed under this pressure, as though the end of the world had come.

Roar... Roar... Roar...

Waves of ferocious and shocking beast roars sounded out continuously, the gigantic beasts all released a strong energy in the air, shooting towards Chen Xiang, with so many powerful energies rushing over from all directions, Chen Xiang was unable to dodge them.

"Is it over? Even Six Realms mirrors can’t stop it! " Chen Xiang was shocked. These were all powerful attacks from the Peak of World Defying magic realm s, and if they wanted to kill him, every wave of energy would topple mountains and overturn the seas.

Chen Xiang still took out his Six Realms mirrors and released his strongest protective shield.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

A huge explosion occurred in the blink of an eye. The shockwaves were like a torrential storm that spread out in all directions, like a giant wave that was a thousand feet high, crashing into everything in its surroundings.

Chen Xiang was already engulfed by the burst of energy that was assaulting him. The burst of energy was of all colors, flashing with all kinds of piercing light.

The spectators in the surroundings had long since been blown away to who knows where. There were even some who died in the aftermath of the explosion!

"Kill!" Ke Hezong shouted angrily again as he threw out a Heavenly Sword that had become huge, thrusting towards Chen Xiang from afar. The others followed suit and threw out their own divine weapons, attacking Chen Xiang.

Roar!

Right at this moment, a dragon’s roar suddenly erupted from the center of the encirclement of experts. Scorching waves of air surged out, and the flames shot into the sky. The divine weapons that flew over were all blasted away by this force.

"Killing evil dragon?"

"Chen Xiang is not dead yet!"

"Prepare for the next round of fierce attacks."

A huge pillar of fire shot straight into the sky, and a Red fire dragon covered in thick armor and with gigantic fire wings roared out. As the gigantic fire wings flapped, waves of blood colored fire along with a berserk blood colored astral energy rushed towards the people around them.

"It’s not a Killing evil dragon ... Concentrate your energy and annihilate this dragon. " The Dragon Controlling Palace elder shouted in alarm. The huge dragon in front of them was simply too terrifying. Although it wasn’t a Killing evil dragon, its Arrogant Morale already made them feel a sense of fear.

RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU...!

The patriarchs of the Tao-creation School also joined in the battle. Such a mysterious and powerful dragon, it must be a treasure all over.

After that, many experts at the peak of World Defying Stage followed closely behind, wanting to get something out of this dragon.

From all directions, countless dazzling rays of light shot towards the crazily roaring Red fire dragon like meteors. All of the strong warriors from all over the place attacked, they condensed waves of Arrogant Morale and concentrated on attacking the Red fire dragon’s body and head.

Beneath them, Chen Xiang was already covered in wounds as cracks appeared on the Six Realms mirrors. Although the Red fire dragon was strong, it could not block the encirclement of so many Peak of World Defying magic realm s.

"You all ... I, Chen Xiang, have no enmity with you two, why are you teaming up and bullying me like this? " Chen Xiang roared, a burst of killing intent suddenly burst out.

Such a violent killing intent caused everyone’s hearts to tremble!

The Killing evil dragon is coming out!

This was what everyone thought; they were already prepared!

"Master, if you summon your Killing evil dragon again, you will definitely be devoured by it this time!" Ah Hu who was inside the Six Realms mirrors had already ran out, his eyes releasing red light.

Chen Xiang was clear of this as well. Previously, Su Meiyao, Bai Youyou and the others felt that the Red fire dragon contained all kinds of evil powers, and made them feel fear.

"But I have no other choice!" Chen Xiang watched as the Red fire dragon in the air was beaten until its body was wounded.

"Quickly kill Chen Xiang!" An old man shouted, he was the patriarch of Dragon Controlling Palace.

He only saw a blue bolt of lightning suddenly striking towards Chen Xiang, the injured Chen Xiang had no way of fighting back, and he was also being controlled by the overflowing killing intent.

Just as Chen Xiang thought that he was about to die, he saw Ah Hu flying over ...

Crackling sounds rang out as the violent lightning struck Ah Hu’s body. A large hole appeared in Ah Hu’s body, and his flesh and blood splattered all over.

"Ah Hu!" Chen Xiang roared frantically, at this moment he felt that an endless slaughter was taking over his soul, taking over his everything.

"Goodbye, Master!" Ah Hu’s voice resounded in Chen Xiang’s mind.

Chen Xiang only saw Ah Hu turning into a ray of light and flying towards the Red fire dragon. He did not know what Ah Hu was going to do, he only knew that Ah Hu had decided to sacrifice him!

"Ah Hu!" Chen Xiang resentfully roared with endless killing intent. Everyone thought that the Red fire dragon was going to turn into a Killing evil dragon, and this was what they wanted to see.

Legends said that Killing evil dragon were full of evil, but they were very strong. As long as one could control the Killing evil dragon, then they would be able to obtain great power.

When Ah Hu approached the Red fire dragon, he unleashed his Legendary mantra. A mysterious type of fusion power instantly fused with the Red fire dragon.

When the Red fire dragon that was covered in wounds felt Chen Xiang’s anger, it let out an angry roar. Many incantations suddenly appeared on the dragon’s scale on its huge body. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"Ah Hu’s Legendary mantra?" Chen Xiang who was trapped in grief and indignation, the Killing evil dragon who was originally about to appear, saw the Legendary mantra that appeared on the Red fire dragon’s body.

Ah Hu had fused with the Red fire dragon! He was not sure if Ah Hu was right or wrong, but he knew that Ah Hu must have continued to live on in some way.

Floating in the air, he spread his wings, covering more than half of the sky. The fiery red dragon’s scales were blazing with fire, his aura roiling with flames, and his wings seemed to be burning with fire. Looking from below, the Red fire dragon seemed to be born from a sea of fire.

With every piece of the Red fire dragon’s dragon’s scale, Legendary mantra appeared. As the Red fire dragon’s aura continued to increase, the flames that surged out of the dragon’s scale became more and more exuberant.

"What’s going on? What are the Intrinsic Dragons doing!? " The patriarch of the Dragon Controlling Palace shouted in shock.

Chen Xiang was also stunned watching this. The True Dragons released by Dragon Controlling Palace and the rest all rushed towards the Red fire dragon!

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!

inclusion = " ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidcc; padding: 5px5px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {margin: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tMicrosoft Yahoo; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; margin -bottom: 5px; padding-top: 14px;}

Pay attention to WeChat public account number "17K Novels" (Weibo: 17K), the latest chapter of "Pride of the World", which can be easily read anytime and anywhere! Continuous signing can be granted free reading privilege; more wonderful activities please pay attention!