Bai Youyou immediately used Soul Absorbing Devil Spell on the body. She was very serious and focused on searching through the sealed soul memories inside the body. "..."

"That old man’s soul was destroyed by me and sealed away. He shouldn’t have any resistance." Xiao Xianglin said: "That guy took away your memories of the Legendary mantra. If he could not take the Legendary mantra out from his soul memory, it would be very unfortunate."

The inheritance of the Legendary mantra was very mysterious. It was only a memory fragment, and when one closed their eyes, they would be able to see the Legendary mantra.

For example, Xiao Xianglin. After she grasped the Doppelgänger mantra, she could add two more clones to her body.

Chen Xiang had seen before that the majority of the clones were much weaker than the original body, but Xiao Xianglin’s clones had the same strength as the original body.

Chen Xiang patiently waited for Bai Youyou’s good news.

"Master, have you heard of World Defying Dan grain?" Chen Xiang asked.

Xiao Xianglin shook his head: "What is that thing? Is it a type of Tao-creation Incantation? "

"Yes, it was evolved from the Tao-creation’s incantation. In terms of Tao-creation’s incantation, I am not as proficient as you ... If I want to create World Defying Dan grain, I definitely won’t go as smoothly as you. "

Xiao Xianglin was extremely interested in World Defying Dan grain and immediately asked.

Chen Xiang told Xiao Xianglin about the specific circumstances of the World Defying Dan grain and he also carved out the World Defying Dan grain that he had mastered in the air.

Xiao Xianglin was indeed worthy of her extremely high talent in possessing the Tao-creation’s incantations. She was able to recognize several of the Tao-creation’s incantations with a single glance and even knew how to link them together.

"Senior Yan Jiu said that the World Defying Dan grain can only be grasped by a few extremely strong Alchemist s. These kinds of Alchemist are all top-notch existences in the Tao-creation Mountain." Chen Xiang said: "And the Flying Dan grain he gave me, are also only of a relatively common type."

Xiao Xianglin earnestly looked at the Flying Dan grain that Chen Xiang had carved in the air, and she could tell that what she had seen was a lot more than Chen Xiang.

"Master, why did I learn the Flying Dan grain so quickly?" Initially, Chen Xiang also did not dare believe it, and he quickly grasped it himself. However, Yan Jiu had said before himself that he had studied for a very long time and had difficulty mastering it.

"It’s hard to say... Maybe it’s because of your innate talent, but this kind of World Defying Dan grain was born for the sake of refining pills. And you have been refining pills for many years, so your level is extremely high. As Xiao Xianglin spoke, he continued to stare at the Flying Dan grain, showing that she was extremely interested in it.

"Amongst the Flying Dan grain, there are more than ten Seventh, Eighth and Ninth Stage Increase spell that are used. This isn’t all of them, but rather, the parts of the strongest Increase spell are pieced together very cleverly! The person who created this Flying Dan grain himself is extremely proficient in the Tao-creation’s incantations. Furthermore, he must have conducted many attempts before finally knowing what part is cleverly connected to what part. "

"The most obvious thing is that among the Flying Dan grain, there are also Fusion spell s, and they are all Level Nine Fusion spell s! Other than that, there are a few sections of Tao-creation’s Incantation that I am not familiar with, that I have yet to learn. "

Xiao Xianglin told Chen Xiang his discovery, "That should be the Tao-creation’s incantations for the eight and nine stages!"

"Master, if you were to master all of the Tao-creation’s incantations, would you be able to create even better World Defying Dan grain s?" Chen Xiang asked somewhat excitedly: "This World Defying Dan grain is definitely a top secret of many Alchemist, like pill formulas, it is not easy to pass down."

"I can make it." Xiao Xianglin said: "I do not know how to refine pills, but I know that the Tao-creation’s incantation is helpful in raising the level of the pill."

"This Flying Dan grain is enough for me to use for a long time." Chen Xiang said.

Using Flying Dan grain to refine pills was a life-threatening experience. He had the experience of being successful in the past, but when he tried again in the future, it should be much smoother.

Only now did Xiao Xianglin have the time to check on the Time array.

"This is indeed the seventh group of Tao-creation’s incantation. The seventh layer of Tao-creation’s incantation is indeed the Time Incantation." Xiao Xianglin recognized many of the Tao-creation Runes that she was familiar with. Even though she still did not have control over the Time Curse, she had only seen them before and could remember a lot.

"Master, I still have a Tao-creation Holy Crystal here ... I have already refined it, I wonder if it can still be used? " Chen Xiang passed Xiao Xianglin a Holy Crystal.

"Of course you can, as long as you erase the Tao-creation’s incantation, you can use it." Xiao Xianglin looked carefully, then laughed: "The Tao-creation’s incantation is not as good as mine!"

"I almost used it." Chen Xiang curled his lips.

"I only killed a few Elders with the crystal I used previously. The power of the explosion of the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal is also limited." When Xiao Xianglin thought back to it, he felt that it was really a waste. "Sigh, such a good Tao-creation Holy Crystal would just be wasted on a few old dogs."

At that time, Xiao Xianglin mainly wanted to take revenge for Chen Xiang, because when he thought about how Chen Xiang was being mistreated, and about how the clan elders were so greedy, he became so angry that they could not be stopped, so he fought with everything they had.

"Master, my Six Realms mirrors is broken, you have to help me fix it ..." Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors, whose surface was filled with cracks.

"I know!" Such a small matter ... Right, how many Tao-creation Holy stone do you have left? " Xiao Xianglin asked, she had seen Chen Xiang distributing some of it earlier.

"There should be more than 100 pills ..." There will be a lot once we get to the Tao-creation Mountain. " Chen Xiang laughed. The World Defying god-becoming Dan he refined could be sold for one pellet, but it would be exchanged for ten Tao-creation Holy stone s. Chen Xiang told Xiao Xianglin his experiences from his time in the Tao-creation Mountain, and after Xiao Xianglin finished listening, he became extremely shocked, Chen Xiang had actually almost been killed by a Ranker that surpassed the World Defying Stage Divine Rank.

"Alright, I will help you refine it inside the You Yao Mountain Villa. I will enter the Time array instead! If my recovery is strengthened, I’ll need some time. " Xiao Xianglin said.

It would take a lot of time for her to melt one of the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals.

Chen Xiang was flying through the air toward the Tao-creation Mountain. He wanted to go to the Tao-creation Mountain where Yan Jiu was at. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

The Cang Fire City was a city mainly filled with flames, so alchemy and smithing were widespread there. On the other hand, from the name of the Tao-creation Fire Mountain, one could tell that it was the Tao-creation Mountain that was mainly made of fire.

Ah Hu had already merged with the Red fire dragon, and the Six beasts had now completely fused into one, turning into a Red fire dragon. It would not split apart anymore, which made Chen Xiang a little depressed.

Since Red fire dragon could fly, Chen Xiang could borrow their power to fly in the air to Tao-creation Fire Mountain.

With his cultivation in the Peak of World Defying magic realm, he was no longer afraid of any danger. As long as he did not meet such a strong opponent, no one would be able to harm him.

As Chen Xiang flew, he even used the power of space. Even so, after more than ten days, he finally saw a large ball of fiery red shadow in the distance.

Xiao Xianglin spent one day inside the Time array to repair it. Furthermore, she even learned a bit of the Tao-creation’s incantation. She had already mastered all the time incantations for the seventh stage.