Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The Tao-creation Fire Mountain was shrouded in hot air, and looked like a ball of extremely huge flames that came out of the ground, burning crazily.

Chen Xiang only had to get close to it to feel a scorching wind blowing towards him.

"Master, can you use the time incantation to refine the array disc? This sort of thing will save us a lot of time. " When Chen Xiang got closer to the Tao-creation Fire Mountain, he landed on the ground and started to run.

"Not for a short period of time!" Your Time array needs a lot of energy and time to be refined ... You might not know it, but that Time array has at least three Tao-creation Holy Crystals and there are at least five hundred Tao-creation Holy stone. There are at least tens of thousands of sets of Time Incantations and other incantations on it. It’s just that one small Time array is already very complicated. "

Xiao Xianglin had studied the Time array before, so he understood this very well.

Chen Xiang thought of the kind of large-scale Time array that the Wood Mountain Sect s would use. If it could become one month or ten months in two hours, then the difficulty of refining it would be even higher. It would definitely take a lot of time.

"Let’s talk about it in the future!" Now that he didn’t have enough materials, it wouldn’t be easy to try. If you want to strengthen the original Time array, then you will need quite a few Tao-creation s and sacred crystals. "

"Master, my Six Realms mirrors can replicate formations ... I wonder if we can replicate the Time array! " When Chen Xiang thought about this, he became slightly excited.

"This won’t do, your Six Realms mirrors’s strength is not strong enough, even if you can successfully replicate it, once it is activated, it will definitely be completely damaged by the circulation of the powerful energy. So, don’t try it lightly, wait until you have a little more Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals and can strengthen your Six Realms mirrors, then try again."

Hearing Xiao Xianglin’s serious tone, Chen Xiang was secretly shocked, he had thought of this a few times, as this was completely damaging the Six Realms mirrors.

In the Tao-creation Fire Mountain, Chen Xiang had come to the shortest region, and it was also the widest region. The area above was extremely hot, and he was not very used to it when he had just arrived.

Strangely, there were also mountain springs and all kinds of flowers and trees in Tao-creation Fire Mountain. In such a hot place, plants could thrive and grow, and the spring water was crystal clear and cold.

"How strange!" After Chen Xiang could not stand the heat anymore and gulped down a lot of the cold and refreshing mountain spring water, he couldn’t help but exclaim in admiration.

He Fengyuan said: "Follow the stream and head upwards. Usually, near the water sources, there will be humans gathering."

Chen Xiang quickly followed the stream up, he wanted to ask around to find out where the sect in Tao-creation Fire Mountain was. He wanted to go find Yan Jiu.

Back then, he had obtained the Flying Dan grain that Yan Jiu gifted him, which allowed him to quickly step into the Late period of World Defying magic realm.

Furthermore, Yan Jiu had said that there was a Tao-creation Ancient Place here, and there was a large number of Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals and Holy stone there. He wanted to take a look.

Chen Xiang’s Tao-creation s had all been used up, and were in need of Tao-creation s to maintain the circulation of the Time array s. In addition to the many s that he had used to strengthen the Six Realms mirrors, he had used up a lot of them.

On the other hand, there were still many Crystal emperor s, but they were of no use to him.

Three days later, Chen Xiang finally arrived at a small town.

This town was lower than the Tao-creation Fire Mountain, so the strength of the people here was average. There was a large majority of people in the Aoshi Holy Stage.

After asking around, Chen Xiang soon found out that above this small stream, there were also a few huge cities. Those cities were all very strong.

After Chen Xiang heard about it, he excitedly ran up.

In just two days’ time, he saw a fire shrouding the sky in front of him.

"Is this the Sparkling Fire City?" Chen Xiang saw that the city walls in the distance were glowing, they looked like red-hot iron.

This type of city wall was extremely huge. It was over a thousand feet high and very thick!

When Chen Xiang arrived at the city gate, he immediately felt wave after wave of scorching auras surging over. After entering the city, he felt as if he was in Cang Fire City.

It was currently night time, and like the Cang Fire City, it was very lively at night. Many people were playing with the fire, "burning" the entire city until it was as bright as day. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"If someone without any strength comes, they will probably become a roasted pig." Chen Xiang felt that this place was much stronger than the Cang Fire City. Here, the shops, families, and various inns were all competing who’s flame was stronger and stronger.

Chen Xiang arrived at the foot of a very high restaurant. Raising his head to look at the restaurant, he immediately took in a breath of cold air. This was because the entire restaurant’s exterior was covered with a layer of melted Crystal emperor liquid, making it a total of hundreds of levels high.

At the moment, using the large formation to release the flames and pouring them into the Crystal emperor, causing the inside of the Crystal emperor to burn red, emitting a strong golden-red light, so this restaurant could be said to be the most dazzling place in the entire city.

"They’re really playing with fire in the city!" Chen Xiang had just passed by a few large shops and saw a shop burning Tao-creation Holy stone to strengthen the flames.

Chen Xiang had many Crystal emperor, which were of no use to him, so he entered the luxurious restaurant.

After entering the hotel, Chen Xiang asked about the price of the lodging. It was quite expensive, an Crystal emperor staying for 10 days, but to Chen Xiang, it was nothing.

He used three Crystal emperor s to get a few rooms and a living room to rest in.

"I don’t feel the heat after entering!" Chen Xiang was able to see most of the Sparkling Fire City from around the two hundred story building. In the distance, there were some large family villas, and even some diagrams formed from flames.

Chen Xiang brought the girls from the You Yao Mountain Villa out to have a look, to broaden their horizons.

Suddenly, someone knocked on the door. Chen Xiang opened the door and saw a handsome young man in a waiter.

"Here’s the food." The waiter laughed.

After the waiter came in, he took out a lot of dishes from within a specially made Storage magic treasure. The greedy Long Xueyi immediately ran over bounding in as she stared at the delicious dishes.

"These are the best dishes in our restaurant, they are free." The waiter laughed.

Chen Xiang rewarded a small Crystal emperor to the waiter, who was very happy. Although the people that lived here were all rich and powerful, very few people would reward them in such a way.

"I thought this city only knew how to play with fire and didn’t know how to cook!" Long Xueyi had already picked up a piece of meat and was tasting it.

"You must be from the other Tao-creation Mountain! This month just so happens to be to celebrate the establishment of Sparkling Fire City for a hundred thousand years, that’s why people play with fire so fiercely. " The waiter laughed: "If any family has a good time, they will also receive a reward, a reward from Sparkling Fire City."

"There’s actually such a thing!" "How do you want to play? Is that considered beautiful?" Feng Ke’er stood on a chair, only knowing what to eat. Although she had sealed her demon spirit, if she were to mix with Long Xueyi for too long, she would unavoidably get infected by her small ailment.

"When the time comes, Fire Mountain School will send a Four-winged flamingo over. Whoever gets the Fire Bird will have a good time."