Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Shumilou. Co M. Shumilou. com Co

This kind of large-scale event had the support of the Fire Mountain School. It could be seen that the Fire Mountain School often interacted with these cities. But Wood Mountain Sect was different. Back then, when he had been in Cang Fire City for so long, he had not heard much about the affairs of the Wood Mountain Sect.

"What rewards will there be then?" Chen Xiang was more curious about this.

"It’s not some kind of high value reward, it’s just a Tao-creation Divine Crystal." The waiter said, "To many of the great powers in Sparkling Fire City, this is nothing. Everyone is mainly trying to join in the fun, and at the same time, they are trying to gain face. This has already happened many times every hundred years."

The Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals were relatively precious to Chen Xiang, but he didn’t know how he was going to go about it.

"How long is it until the Four-winged flamingo arrives?" Long Xueyi asked, this was also what Chen Xiang wanted to ask.

"Ten days!" The waiter said.

These girls were all rare beauties, and he had also stayed in this hotel for many years, so he had seen many rich and powerful people. However, beauties with extraordinary temperament like Bai Youyou and the others were extremely rare.

After the waiter left, Feng Ke’er laughed: "Chen Xiang, do you want to try? There don’t seem to be any thresholds, as long as you play with fire you can participate. "

"Forget it, although the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals are precious, it’s not that easy to obtain." Chen Xiang shook his head? Shaking his head, he said, "If you really want to fight, then you need to do your best."

Amongst these women, there were quite a few who used fire experts. Su Meiyao refining pills, Qin Shuang being the granddaughter of Super Yang Old Ancestor Luo Jiuyang, all of them had extremely high attainments in fire.

Su Meiyao laughed tenderly: "Among the Sparkling Fire City, the strongest will soar into the clouds. We are currently only at the middle stage of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, it is indeed not easy for us to fight for it!"

He Fengyuan said, "It is indeed not easy, but it is not impossible ... Since he was already here, he might as well participate and give it a try! We have the Time Formation, the Six Realms mirrors, pill refining, and even those who are proficient in all of the Tao-creation’s incantations. "

"Alright, I’ll go and ask around tomorrow to see how I can win normally." Chen Xiang nodded, he did not expect that these women would be so excited.

After finishing the delicious dishes on the table, the girls returned to the You Yao Mountain Villa, where Chen Xiang laid on the bed and rested.

When the sun rose, the waiter delivered the breakfast once again. Chen Xiang no longer needed to eat to maintain himself, he came to the hotel to eat, just to have a taste of all kinds of delicious food.

really liked this feeling, so if she had the chance, she wouldn’t miss it.

"Waiter, what’s the usual situation for it to attract Four-winged flamingo?" Chen Xiang asked.

"There are a lot of situations... There are times when the flames are at their strongest, times when the flames are at their most beautiful and there are times when the flames are very ordinary. I can’t explain it clearly. The waiter said.

"Is it because your restaurant is too high? The Fire Bird is tired from flying, so it’s the right time to rest?" Long Xueyi laughed.

"Miss really knows how to joke. It might be true." The waiter laughed.

"We have just arrived at the Sparkling Fire City. Can you recommend us to head to the place where we need to go for the first time?" Chen Xiang said.

If you want to buy medicinal pellets, then go to the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion. If you want to buy Divine Weapons, then go to the Profound Sky Tower.

After Chen Xiang asked for directions, he gave some rewards to the waiter and told him to leave.

Long Xueyi kept the snacks on the table and entered You Yao Mountain Villa.

When Chen Xiang walked onto the street, most of the flames had already extinguished during the day. There were only a few multicolored flames still burning, and at this moment, everyone on the street was discussing about the beautiful flames at that street.

"How exactly do I attract Four-winged flamingo?"

Chen Xiang wasn’t the only one who wanted to ask, many people were asking all over the place. The majority of them were new to the Sparkling Fire City, and even if they knew about this event, they still wanted to try their luck.

Chen Xiang asked around, asking about the various places where the Four-winged flamingo had landed. There were many different kinds of situations regarding the flames at that time, making people feel that they were looking at the Four-winged flamingo’s mood.

"There must be a reason why the Four-winged flamingo are attracted." Peng profoundfei said. She was a Roc herself, so she had this feeling.

"How about we have Xuan Fei release her flames and then turn into a gigantic white roc to float in the sky? We might be able to attract Four-winged flamingo." Xiang’er said. They had seen Peng profoundfei become a snow-white roc before, flying around You Yao Mountain Villa with Long Xueyi to play. She had also played with him before.

"The Four-winged flamingo is male, they might be attracted to it." Long Xueyi laughed.

"With the charm of the Whirlwind, even a female would be attracted to it." Su Meiyao laughed.

Chen Xiang could not think of a solution, so he decided to head to the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion.

The Separating Fire Dan Pavilion was very tall and it was very easy to see that the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion was much taller than the restaurant. Furthermore, it had two different styles compared to the restaurant, the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion was just like a giant tree that stood on top of it.

Chen Xiang entered the first floor of the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion and realized that it was closed!

"What happened to Separating Fire Dan Pavilion? This period of time is the busiest time in Sparkling Fire City, it has actually closed! "

"Yeah, I came all the way here just to buy a Flaming Core from Separating Fire Dan Pavilion."

"I don’t know when the door will open, but it’s still open!" Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

[Flaming Dan? When Chen Xiang heard the name of the pill, he did not have a clue, because it was difficult to guess its name from its name.

"You know it was a woman." Su Meiyao said: "Quickly go and ask what the effects of this pill is!"

"This big brother here, I am from another Tao-creation Mountain. I wonder what uses does the Flaming Core have?" Chen Xiang hurried over to the side of the middle aged man and asked politely: "I heard his name was special, so I’m curious."

"The names of Separating Fire Dan Pavilion s are all like this. I can’t hear any uses of their names, but their uses are very powerful." The middle-aged man immediately said: "The Flaming Core is a pill that allows a person to progress from the middle stage of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank to the late stage, but it requires at least a hundred of them to be consumed. One pellet of ten Tao-creation’s Holy stone, I have come here to buy one every hundred years, I have already eaten fifty of them, and am about to step into the Late period of World Defying magic realm."

This kind of pill was usually very popular. Even though one had to eat a lot of it, and it was not cheap, anyone who had reached this level would have a very long life span. They could afford to waste it, so there was hope for a breakthrough.

"Something seems to have happened to Separating Fire Dan Pavilion. I heard that someone from Wood Mountain Sect came over and said that Separating Fire Dan Pavilion stole their Wood Mountain Sect’s pill formulas." Someone suddenly said.

This actually had something to do with the Wood Mountain Sect. Chen Xiang became even more interested.