Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Many people knew what kind of virtue the Wood Mountain Sect had, and many people knew that the people of the Tao-creation Fire Mountain knew very well, so when they heard that the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion had closed the doors for the Wood Mountain Sect, they were filled with righteous indignation and scolded the Wood Mountain Sect. ≥,

On the second floor of the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion, there was a window. An old man stood beside the window and said: "Due to a number of reasons, the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion is temporarily closed.

The crowd was in an uproar as they inquired about the reason.

"The main thing is that an elder of the Wood Mountain Sect sold us a kind of pill formula. After we refined this pill formula and improved it, we were able to concoct even better pills." When Wood Mountain Sect found out about this, he said that the contract did not allow us to improve the pill formulas, and said that we had violated the contract, and now that they are here, they wanted to ask for an improved pill formula. We did not want them to, so they did not allow us to start a business, or else things would get out of hand. "

The old man explained the reason.

"We have already sent people to the Fire Mountain School, inviting them here to mediate the situation."

Separating Fire Dan Pavilion’s strength was not as good as Wood Mountain Sect’s, so they could only be cautious of now, and close the door first, in case there were any conflicts between them and Wood Mountain Sect.

"Wood Mountain Sect is really going too far."

"Aiya, I was just here to buy divine pellets, how long do I have to wait? It’s all the Wood Mountain Sect’s fault! "

"Where are the people from Wood Mountain Sect? How dare they come to Tao-creation Fire Mountain to cause trouble, where are they! "

Wood Mountain Sect caused a lot of people to be angry, but they were not afraid. They had done this kind of thing many times before.

The reason why Chen Xiang had a conflict with the Wood Mountain Sect before was entirely because the Wood Mountain Sect was too shameless and couldn’t afford to lose. Furthermore, he wanted to snatch the World Defying god-becoming Dan’s medicinal formula and capture Ling Yong, then torture him to death.

Thinking about this, Chen Xiang still felt angry.

Everyone was extremely disappointed. The majority of them were people from other Tao-creation Mountain s, who were far away, and had come for the divine pellets that were unique to this place.

Just as everyone was about to disperse, they saw a gigantic fiery eagle appear in the sky.

"It’s the Fire Mountain School’s Fire Eagle! The people from Fire Mountain School are here. " someone shouted.

Those who were more familiar with Fire Mountain School recognized these Fire Hawks.

"Sparkling Fire City’s first, second, and third floor will be open for sale. If anyone dares to cause trouble, Fire Mountain School will not hold back." The voice of the old man on the fiery eagle was filled with authority as it came down from the sky.

The Fire Heaven Building belonged to the Fire Mountain School. If the Fire Mountain School was allowed to set up a stall, it would be obvious that the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion’s men would set it up. This way, if the Wood Mountain Sect’s people came to make trouble, they would have a reason to teach them a lesson.

Currently, the Fire Mountain School was also carefully taking care of the affairs of the Wood Mountain Sect and the other Separating Fire Dan Pavilion. This process required a period of time, and during this period of time, in order to make the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion sell his pills normally, they had come up with this plan.

When everyone heard this news, they immediately guessed Fire Mountain School’s intentions and rushed over to Fire Heaven Building.

"Those fellows from the Fire Mountain School are really powerful. Even eagles can fly in this kind of place." Chen Xiang was shocked, it was rather difficult to stay suspended in the sky above Tao-creation Mountain. There was a type of force suppressing them, but the Fire Eagle flew very high.

Chen Xiang followed the crowd and headed towards the Fire Heaven Building. As a Alchemist, he planned to sell some of his pills and see if he could get some Tao-creation Holy stone.

"I wonder if the World Defying god-becoming Dan will sell here." Chen Xiang still had a little World Defying god-becoming Dan, he needed the Tao-creation Holy stone to activate it now, and let the multicolored giant multicolored flower grow inside.

The Mei Jing Sisters and the others did not need to enter the Time array. The Multicolored Giant Multicolored Flower could absorb the energy from the Tao-creation’s Holy stone and quickly grow.

"sister Meiyao, how many World Defying god-becoming Dan still exist?" asked. Currently, only Su Meiyao occasionally went in to refine pills, but there weren’t that many Tao-creation Holy stone left. In order to reduce the consumption of the Time array, she wouldn’t need too long.

"There should be fifteen pills left!" The Multicolored Giant Sunflower is almost gone. " During this time, Su Meiyao had been refining the Multicolored Giant Multicolored Flower. This was mainly for them to eat, to help them quickly break through.

Chen Xiang had to take some time to refine the World Defying god-becoming Dan s that were used to inscribe Flying Dan grain, allowing those girls to quickly step into the Late period of World Defying magic realm. Especially Mei Jing Sisters and Su Meiyao, they could improve a lot by growing medicinal ingredients and refining pills.

"There are no small amounts of fifteen pellets. Selling all of them, there are also more than a hundred Tao-creation Holy stone s. It should be sufficient for a period of time." Chen Xiang calculated.

He had already entered the Fire Heaven Building and asked the old man in charge of reception. He found out that the fee to rent the stalls was ten Crystal emperor s a day, which was very expensive for many people, but Chen Xiang didn’t care.

Fire Heaven Building only opened up the first, second and third floors, while the third floor was the most expensive. Furthermore, the stalls were individual shops, and there were even living rooms, secret rooms, etc. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Chen Xiang asked for a shop on the third floor and even gave her a rent of ten days.

There were not many Alchemist that came here, and the main reason was to alleviate the situation of the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion, so that the people from the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion could stay here to sell pills, thus the majority of the people that sold pills were all from the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion.

Chen Xiang cleaned his shop and said to He Fengyuan: "Feng Yuan, do you want to change your name before selling? The World Defying god-becoming Dan must be very famous in the Tao-creation’s Mu Shan. It might even spread to this place. When Wood Mountain Sect knows that there are World Defying god-becoming Dan being sold here, he would definitely come over immediately. "

"Don’t change it, just use your original name. Since the name is so well-known, then it’s much easier for you to sell it. Even if you change the name, Wood Mountain Sect will still know that this pill is a World Defying god-becoming Dan." He Fengyuan said: "As long as you stay here, you don’t have to be afraid of Wood Mountain Sect coming here to cause trouble."

Chen Xiang had placed a sign at the entrance of his own shop, with the words "To sell World Defying god-becoming Dan" written on it. Then, he laid down on a couch inside the shop.

Bai Youyou had already successfully extracted the Legendary mantra’s memories from the Dragon-Elephant School elder’s corpse and was passing them over to Xiao Xianglin.

Xiao Xianglin learned very quickly, so he would first pass it down to her, and once she grasped it, she would be able to pass it to others. If he were to give it to Chen Xiang first, it was unknown how long he would need to learn it.

"Are World Defying god-becoming Dan the kind of person who can step into the World Defying Stage Divine Rank from the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage after eating them?" An old man stopped in front of Chen Xiang’s shop and exclaimed. Behind him was a handsome young man.

"Old senior, you are truly knowledgeable. The effects of the World Defying god-becoming Dan are just as you said." Chen Xiang walked over while chuckling, and said: "I presume you must be from Tao-creation’s Mu Shan!"

"That’s right... The only person who can refine World Defying god-becoming Dan is Chen Xiang, could you be ... " The old man looked at Chen Xiang’s young face, because according to the legends, the person who could refine World Defying god-becoming Dan was a young man.

"I am Chen Xiang." Chen Xiang laughed.

"This... Is this true? I’ve been looking for you for a long time, wanting to buy a World Defying god-becoming Dan. " The old man was pleasantly surprised, but he was also filled with doubt.

"Ten Tao-creation s, one pellet. I don’t have many pellets on me right now, so Old Senior, you must seize this opportunity! I am definitely the real Chen Xiang, and if everything is as it should be, I will not dare to act rashly within the Fire Heaven Building. " Chen Xiang smiled and said: "If there is a fake one, Fire Heaven Building will deal with me."