Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

When he saw the World Defying god-becoming Dan, he believed it to be true, because in his hands, this pill was very different from the other pills he had seen. Most importantly, the Tao-creation’s incantation could be seen clearly, it was just like the one in the legends.

"This Fire Heaven Building can rent a Time Formation. If one day it becomes a month, then we’ll give it a try." The old man excitedly brought the young man away, obviously for that young man’s use.

The Fire Heaven Building actually had a Time Formation to rent, Chen Xiang did not know about this matter, but he came to the third floor very early to start his business, and was one of the earliest, hence there were very few people here.

Fortunately, there were guards from the Fire Heaven Building walking around frequently. He asked around and found out that the Time array here could at most change a day to a hundred years old, so Chen Xiang would not need to do this kind of thing every day.

His Time array could circulate for seven or eight days by consuming ten Tao-creation s. It was equivalent to seven or eight hundred years.

"What a scam!" Chen Xiang curled his lips, then continued to lie leisurely in the shop. The World Defying god-becoming Dan he had just sold, had sold ten Tao-creation s, which was enough for him to operate the Time array for around seven days.

After seven days, he would have thirty-five of them.

After a day, the number of people opening shops on the third floor increased, the majority of them were from Separating Fire Dan Pavilion, and all of them were alchemists taking care of business.

Many of the Alchemist here had a few Core Disciples, who were there to help the Alchemist deal with various matters. It was equivalent to helping a servant, but they were able to obtain the guidance and inheritances from the Alchemist, so they were still pretty good, but they would need to wait a long time before coming out.

"World Defying god-becoming Dan? Brother, what is the use of the pill you are selling? " A well-dressed man in white walked over. He was handsome, polite, and had a smile on his face.

Chen Xiang recognised him. He was from the neighboring shop and the pill he sold was called the Divine Cleansing Body Pill. It was a kind of antidote pill, a middle grade Tao-creation Divine Pill.

The World Defying god-becoming Dan’s reputation was not as big as Chen Xiang had imagined, and only people from the Tao-creation’s Wood Mountain knew of it.

Chen Xiang’s neighbors all came from the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion, and since there were a lot of Alchemist s, there were all kinds of pills. Only Chen Xiang did not come from the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion, so they were all very curious, and surrounded him.

The people of Separating Fire Dan Pavilion were also very modest and polite, and all of them asked curiously.

"My World Defying god-becoming Dan can help a person at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage break through to the Divine Realm, a Pill Transformation into a God!" Chen Xiang laughed: "I still have fourteen pellets and ten Tao-creation Holy stone s. If you need them, you all need to hurry."

The effects of a pill being able to turn a person into a god sounded very mysterious. This was because this pill had always been the goal of many pill forces.

Separating Fire Dan Pavilion also had pellets that could help someone at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage step into the God Realm. However, it would take a long time and the price of the pellet wasn’t cheap.

"Is this true? It has such a magical effect? "

"Could it be a lie!"

"Brother, who is your master? Does the pill he refined have any proof? "

"This... The World Defying god-becoming Dan was refined by me. I just came to the Tao-creation Fire Mountain, so I don’t understand these things. " Chen Xiang shook his head: How do I obtain the proof?

Someone was just about to answer when the old man who bought the World Defying god-becoming Dan from yesterday brought the young man over.

"Master Shen, I am truly grateful to you. My grandson has finally broken through!" "I had my suspicions about you previously, but now, I can confirm that you are Master Shen!" The old man laughed happily.

"It’s good that I can achieve a breakthrough!" Chen Xiang smiled and nodded.

The group of Core disciples could tell at a glance that the young man behind the old man had just stepped into the World Defying Stage Divine Rank. The Arrogant Morale on his body was young and tender, but he was very strong.

"Old mister, don’t tell me you were entrusted with this matter?" There were still people who did not believe it, because Chen Xiang’s World Defying god-becoming Dan did not prove anything. As long as there was proof of authority, everyone would be relieved to buy it.

"I’m not a mover! Master Shen’s World Defying god-becoming Dan is very famous in the Tao-creation’s Mu Shan ... He became famous during the Wood Mountain Sect’s pill refining competition. He won the Wood Mountain Sect’s Time array and a Holy Crystal, and because of that, he was hated by the Wood Mountain Sect. In the end, he clashed with the Wood Mountain Sect and killed many disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect. "

The elderly was beaming with joy as he narrated Chen Xiang’s black history.

Chen Xiang was speechless for a moment. He did not want others to know about this matter because back then, he had indeed killed many important disciples of the Wood Mountain Sect.

The people here had long heard of the incident in Wood Mountain Sect, but they did not know what had happened because of the World Defying god-becoming Dan. They only knew that the Wood Mountain Sect had many important disciples killed.

This was what this young man in front of him had done? This made it hard for the group of young pill disciples to accept it. They all felt that the old man might be cooperating with Chen Xiang.

Everyone rushed forward. When the old man saw that these pill disciples did not believe his words, he was very unhappy and left angrily with his grandson.

Chen Xiang shook his head and laughed it off, then returned back to the shop and laid on a couch while waiting for business.

After the old man walked for 3 to 4 hours, he suddenly brought more than 10 people with him. He laughed at Chen Xiang: "Master Shen, these are all my friends from Tao-creation’s Mu Shan!"

"I know him. I was watching the competition too." A middle aged man shouted in surprise, "He is indeed Chen Xiang!"

The middle-aged man immediately took out ten Tao-creation Holy stone s: "I want one."

These ten-odd people rushed forward to buy Chen Xiang’s World Defying god-becoming Dan, as if they were afraid that they would lose everything. This made everyone in the other shops dumbstruck. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

A pellet of the Ten Tao-creation s could be considered rather expensive, but it had been snatched crazily by someone.

"Two more!" I can’t sell it to you guys anymore, but I want others to have a chance to buy it. " Chen Xiang laughed: Thank you everyone for your support!

They bought the Tao-creation’s Divine Pellets and left happily!

Those disciples still did not believe in the effects of the World Defying god-becoming Dan. They even suspected that those people were trying to trick them into doing something big.

Chen Xiang took the suspicions of the pill disciples seriously, he also felt that it was a matter of course, because the effects of the World Defying god-becoming Dan had already exceeded the scope of their knowledge. Furthermore, Chen Xiang was a nobody in the Tao-creation Fire Mountain, so it was normal for them not to believe him.

Chen Xiang was only concerned about whether or not his pills could be sold, nothing else mattered.

Night had fallen, and Sparkling Fire City had become very lively once again. Until now, Chen Xiang still did not have any leads, so how could he attract Four-winged flamingo?

"Chen Xiang, you can refine a type of pill ... This kind of pill can attract fire-attributed beasts. When the time comes, just fuse the flames you release with this pill. " He Fengyuan suddenly said.

"All beasts like to eat some heavenly and earthly treasures that can help them level up. I think this method is feasible." Xiao Xianglin said.