Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Peng profoundfei and Long Xueyi were in complete agreement with He Fengyuan’s words, because they were born with the ability to sense those genius treasures that were useful to them.

"Refining pills with fire attribute as the main ingredient!" Chen Xiang thought for a while, "This will require a fire attribute Tao-creation divine medicine before I can use the Increase spell."

"No, let’s use the Flying Dan grain! Four-winged flamingo’s power was very strong, ordinary pills could not attract him! No matter how many Alchemist there are, they must have tried it many times. If they were to succeed, the secret would definitely not be hidden. " Su Meiyao said.

Just as Chen Xiang was thinking about what pill to concoct, a noise came from outside.

"The people from Wood Mountain Sect are here!"

"Could it be that the people from the Wood Mountain Sect are really here to cause trouble?"

"The pill we’re selling today doesn’t have the pill formula from their Wood Mountain Sect!"

"What is the fellow from Wood Mountain Sect doing here? There’s quite a lot of people, the two leading are from the Peak of World Defying magic realm, and the rest are from the Late period of World Defying magic realm.

The disciples of the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion all started discussing, this was the Fire Heaven Building, it was their territory, the people of the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion were not afraid of the people of the Wood Mountain Sect causing trouble here.

After finding out that the Wood Mountain Sect had come, the Fire Heaven Building’s chief steward immediately rushed over. Because the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion’s pavilion master was with the Fire Heaven General Director, after hearing the news, he also rushed over.

The third floor suddenly became very lively.

When Chen Xiang found out that the Wood Mountain Sect had come, he immediately guessed that they were here for him. This was because a group of people from Tao-creation’s Wood Mountain had previously bought the World Defying god-becoming Dan.

Chen Xiang wasn’t worried at all. On the contrary, he was happy, because once the Wood Mountain Sect’s people come here and cause trouble, his World Defying god-becoming Dan would become even more famous. It would definitely be easy to sell in the future.

"Haven’t our Separating Fire Dan Pavilion already removed the pills that are in dispute over the recipe? Furthermore, the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion has closed its doors, what more do you all want? " Separating Fire Pavilion Lord shouted coldly. Separating Fire Pavilion Lord was a woman wearing a white dress with a red gauze covering her body. She looked beautiful.

Separating Fire Pavilion Lord and Fire Heaven General Director were both part of the Peak of World Defying magic realm. With them here, everyone here could be at ease.

"Why are you all in such a hurry!?" We’re not here for you! " The elderly man from the Wood Mountain Sect said in a cold voice before he quickly walked in front of Chen Xiang’s shop.

They saw Chen Xiang lying on a rocking chair with his eyes closed. The rocking chair was shaking and he was extremely relaxed.

"Chen Xiang!" The elderly man from the Wood Mountain Sect recognized Chen Xiang at a glance and shouted loudly.

When the pill disciples saw the old man from Wood Mountain Sect revealing such an angry dragon, they felt that the hatred they had for their father was only so, they immediately recalled the old man mentioning Chen Xiang!

"This is actually real!" One of the disciples exclaimed in a low voice.

"Is the World Defying god-becoming Dan real too?"

Separating Fire Pavilion Lord looked at the sign at Chen Xiang’s shop’s entrance, it said World Defying god-becoming Dan, she suddenly remembered that she had heard of this matter a while ago, she knew about it because World Defying god-becoming Dan s were a type of pill that had a miraculous effect.

At this time, the disciples immediately started discussing softly. They did not believe all the rumors regarding Chen Xiang before, but now they believed it!

None of them had ever imagined that the person who would personally set up a stall to sell pills was a true alchemist master, not a student alchemist.

"Chen Xiang, don’t play dumb. You killed many disciples of our Wood Mountain Sect. This debt must be settled today." The elders of the Wood Mountain Sect roared at Chen Xiang.

"I’m not feeling too well today. I’ll calculate it in two days!" Chen Xiang snorted, and said, but he did not open his eyes.

"You ..." The elders of the Wood Mountain Sect were furious. They, Wood Mountain Sect, hated Chen Xiang to the bones because they had suffered greatly at Chen Xiang’s place.

Even if their Leader had acted that day, they would not have been able to take Chen Xiang down.

The people of the Wood Mountain Sect only wanted to see if it was true that Chen Xiang was here. They were certain that it was, but thinking that this was the Fire Heaven Building, the territory of the Fire Mountain School, they couldn’t do anything. Otherwise, none of them would be able to walk out of the building.

"What do you want?" Chen Xiang suddenly asked, he was still lying on the rocking chair with his eyes closed.

When, Separating Fire Dan Pavilion and the others saw Chen Xiang like this, they could not help but admire him. He had already come all the way here, yet he was still so relaxed.

"Killing to pay with one’s life is a matter of course." The old man from the Wood Mountain Sect shouted, "You killed our disciple, so we will make you pay with blood."

"If I give you all the World Defying god-becoming Dan’s pill formulas, will you make me pay with my life?" Chen Xiang got down from the rocking chair, smiled and walked to the entrance and said to the old man.

"This... This... "Of course not." The old man from the Wood Mountain Sect was at a loss for words as he stammered.

"You previously said that you would repay me with my life with your life, and it is perfectly justified for you to do so. You must make me pay with my blood, but when I said that I would give you the World Defying god-becoming Dan’s pill formula, all of the previous words were fart! I can see that the guy your Wood Mountain Sect was killed by, is just some bullsh * t! All of you are just looking for excuses to cause trouble for me by asking for the World Defying god-becoming Dan’s pill formula. "

When everyone heard Chen Xiang, they all nodded in agreement.

The old man from the Wood Mountain Sect gritted his teeth as he looked at Chen Xiang.

"Alright, I will ask you one more time, do you want the World Defying god-becoming Dan’s pill formula or my life? Choose one of the two." Chen Xiang smiled, he looked like an elder teasing Wood Mountain Sect.

"We want both." Another elder said in a cold voice.

"That’s impossible. Since you want my life, why should I give you the pill formulas?" I won’t give you even if I kill myself. " Chen Xiang said.

"We have a way to keep you alive and force you to hand over the pill formula." The clan elder looked at Chen Xiang, his killing intent surging.

"If that’s really the case, then I can tell you all that you won’t be able to take my life or the pill formula!" Chen Xiang said seriously.

"I don’t believe that you will be able to take away the Fire Heaven Building from me in your entire lifetime." The elder of the Wood Mountain Sect sneered: "As long as you step out of the door of the Fire Heaven Building, it will be time for us to settle this grudge." Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Separating Fire Pavilion Lord anxiously said: "Sparkling Fire City does not allow private fights! Do you really dare to act recklessly? "

The Separating Fire Dan Pavilion had enmity with the Wood Mountain Sect, and since Chen Xiang’s archenemy was a mysterious alchemist master, the Separating Fire Pavilion Lord would naturally help Chen Xiang.

"Then let’s see if he dares to leave the Sparkling Fire City!" The elder of the Wood Mountain Sect said disdainfully, "To be able to make him cower in the Sparkling Fire City for his entire life, we can now be considered to have avenged ourselves."

"I won’t stay in Sparkling Fire City for my entire life! Furthermore, I will definitely not let go of the person who wants to kill me. So, I have to leave the Sparkling Fire City right now and see what abilities you all have, and how you are going to take my life and the pill formula from me. " After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he quickly walked out and quickly reached the stairs and went downstairs.

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!

inclusion = " ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidcc; padding: 5px5px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {margin: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tMicrosoft Yahoo; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; margin -bottom: 5px; padding-top: 14px;}

Pay attention to WeChat public account number "17K Novels" (Weibo: 17K), the latest chapter of "Pride of the World", which can be easily read anytime and anywhere! Continuous signing can be granted free reading privilege; more wonderful activities please pay attention!