Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang wanted to leave the Sparkling Fire City, it was shocking, everyone immediately followed, especially the people from Wood Mountain Sect, they were the fastest.

"Fire Heaven General Director... Should we make a move? " Separating Fire Pavilion Lord followed behind and chatted with him.

"We do not know about Chen Xiang’s cultivation. I heard that he is only at the early stage of World Defying Stage Divine Rank. " Fire Heaven General Director frowned and said: "At most, he’s only in the middle stage of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank."

"Chen Xiang is a pretty good young Alchemist." Separating Fire Pavilion Lord said softly, "If the situation is bad, I will intervene."

Just with Chen Xiang being able to refine a World Defying god-becoming Dan, that was enough to earn her respect. The reason why Separating Fire Pavilion Lord had so many Alchemist s, was mainly because she had been trying to win them over, so she was very respectful to the Alchemist.

Chen Xiang swaggered out of the Fire Heaven Building with the people of Wood Mountain Sect following behind him. They never expected Chen Xiang to actually dare to walk out of the Sparkling Fire City.

"Could this kid be up to no good?" An elder of the Wood Mountain Sect said.

"What are you afraid of? The last time he came to our Wood Mountain Sect was just a few months ago. At that time, he was only at the middle stage of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank. " One of the elders sneered: "Even if he is extremely heaven defying, is he trying to die from using the Late period of World Defying magic realm? Could it be that the two of us aren’t a match for a little Late period of World Defying magic realm brat? Furthermore, we still have other companions from the Late period of World Defying magic realm. "

Chen Xiang walked quickly, he was in a hurry to get rid of the people from Wood Mountain Sect, and the people from Wood Mountain Sect thought that Chen Xiang was trying to escape.

Separating Fire Pavilion Lord followed behind, he was confused: "Fire Heaven General Director, do you think Chen Xiang has something to rely on? Why is he walking so fast? "

"I don’t know. In short, his actions are really hard to understand!" Let’s just follow them. " Fire Heaven General Director was also considering whether he should make a move later.

"Separating Fire Pavilion Lord, are you sure you want to help when the time comes?" Fire Heaven General Director’s face turned serious as he said, "You have to consider this carefully. If you offend Wood Mountain Sect in this matter, even Fire Mountain School may not be able to support you in secret!" Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"I know! I have already prepared for the worst. If Fire Mountain School really doesn’t support me, I will at most disband Separating Fire Dan Pavilion. I have a way out, and my Separating Fire Dan Pavilion will do well wherever we go. " The Separating Fire Pavilion Lord said, "I can’t just sit by and watch these villains of the Wood Mountain Sect bully the weak."

Chen Xiang had already reached the main gate of the Sparkling Fire City. As long as he walked out, the people from the Wood Mountain Sect would immediately make their move.

The elder of the Wood Mountain Sect laughed: "Chen Xiang, why don’t you go out. What are you stopping for?"

"There’s going to be a fight as soon as I get out. Naturally, I have to prepare some Divine Weapons." Chen Xiang took out the Heavenly magic sword and had it fuse with itself.

The people of Wood Mountain Sect also took out their divine weapons, but they did not manage to finish talking about it. Chen Xiang’s speed was extremely fast, and he instantly charged out of the city gate.

"Chase after him!" Elder Wood Mountain Sect shouted, as he ran in front and chased after Chen Xiang, who had left only a faint shadow behind.

When the Separating Fire Pavilion Lord and the Fire Heaven General Director saw this, they also went up as fast as they could. The large group of people at the back did not want to miss the chance and also chased after them.

The Wood Mountain Sect Clan Elder who was running right in front ran out, and the rest of the people behind him suddenly saw Chen Xiang appear with a ’whoosh’, flying past the Clan Elder, and in his hand was not a divine sword, but a huge bronze disc, fiercely smashing towards the Clan Elder’s head!

Chen Xiang who was previously far away, how could he suddenly appear behind the elder? The disk in his hand seemed to be extremely powerful. After hitting the elder’s head, a burst of violent flames burst out and burnt the upper half of the elder’s body to ashes!

Seeing this scene, everyone was dumbfounded!

The elder was a Peak of World Defying magic realm cultivator! The upper half of his body had actually been burnt to ashes, causing the rest of the Wood Mountain Sect s to be stunned on the spot!

Separating Fire Pavilion Lord was planning to attack, but after seeing the scene in front of her, she became more relieved. Chen Xiang’s strength had far surpassed their imagination.

Just a moment ago, Chen Xiang had only released a virtual image that ran out, and he was hiding in the spatial crack. He learnt this from He Fengyuan, so he was able to appear behind the elder of the Wood Mountain Sect without anyone noticing and use the Six Realms mirrors to kill him.

After the Six Realms mirrors had been added to the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals and refined by many of the Tao-creation’s Holy stone, the energy that it could withstand had become even stronger, and at the same time, even stronger. Chen Xiang had just released the Red fire dragon’s power, turning it into Arrogant Morale.

"Chen Xiang... You, you .... You killed him! " The voice of the other elder of Wood Mountain Sect quivered. It was unknown if it was out of anger or fear.

"Hmm, didn’t you guys want my life?" Chen Xiang said: "Let’s see if you have the ability to take it!"

As long as one was not blind, one could tell that Chen Xiang was very strong. Just now, when he used the energy aura released by the Six Realms mirrors, he was still able to sense how terrifying that power was.

"Isn’t your Wood Mountain Sect supposed to be arrogant? Come and take my life! " Chen Xiang shouted, "What’s wrong? What are you still standing there for! "

The people of Wood Mountain Sect, look at you, no one dares to move. The elders of the Peak of World Defying magic realm, were killed by Chen Xiang with just a swing of the Six Realms mirrors, so they, who are made up of Late period of World Defying magic realm, have no way of resisting!

"I got it. You guys are waiting for me to give you my life, right?" With that said, Chen Xiang rushed up with his Six Realms mirrors.

Seeing Chen Xiang being so arrogant, the elder of the Wood Mountain Sect was furious in his heart. Holding a long blade, he rushed towards Chen Xiang and used his maximum speed and strength to slash at Chen Xiang.

Seeing the elder walk over, everyone started to circulate their powers, preparing to defend against the incoming shockwave. After all, they were two Peak of World Defying magic realm Rankers fighting, so their movements would definitely not be small!

The Wood Mountain Sect Clan Elder’s Divine Blade was refined using the Tao-creation’s Holy stone, it was extremely sturdy, and there were Tao-creation’s incantations carved on the inside, the power of the blade was extremely strong, the might of the blade was terrifying.

Chen Xiang then raised his Six Realms mirrors to block!

"Go to hell!" The Wood Mountain Sect Elder shouted coldly, he released all of the power in his body and condensed it in the middle of his Divine Blade, wanting to break Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors apart.

When the divine blade landed on the Six Realms mirrors, it shook violently, as a powerful energy exploded out from the mirror, causing the ground to shake violently. The energy that erupted out directly shattered the divine blade, and the Wood Mountain Sect Clan Elder was also engulfed by the energy that erupted, he was instantly destroyed without any trace of ashes.

This elder was even more thoroughly dead than the previous one. The previous elder at least had half of his body left, but this elder didn’t even have a speck of dust left!

This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!

inclusion = " ". qrcode {width: 590px; margin: 0auto; background: fff; border: 1pxsolidcc; padding: 5px5px; overflow: hidden;}. qrcodeimg {float: left;}. qrcodeul {margin: 120px; font: 14px/1.5tMicrosoft Yahoo; padding-left: 15px;}. qrcodeli {list-style: square; margin -bottom: 5px; padding-top: 14px;}

Pay attention to WeChat public account number "17K Novels" (Weibo: 17K), the latest chapter of "Pride of the World", which can be easily read anytime and anywhere! Continuous signing can be granted free reading privilege; more wonderful activities please pay attention!