Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang kept his Six Realms mirrors s and then, as if nothing had happened, walked to the side of the Wood Mountain Sect middle aged men, whose legs were already trembling with fear.

"You guys go back and tell Wood Mountain Sect that he scared me last time, and this time, I’ll pay him back the favor! Don’t be afraid, we won’t make a move against you guys. After Chen Xiang finished speaking, he stepped forward in a mysterious manner and dragged his long afterimage into the Sparkling Fire City with a ’sou’ sound.

This kind of super strength, even people with vast experience like Fire Heaven General Director and Separating Fire Pavilion Lord were shocked, let alone others.

"Leader! The Leader’s Leader is the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank’s! This Chen Xiang actually fought with Wood Mountain Sect’s Leader! "

"Will Wood Mountain Sect of the Wood Mountain Sect come to the Sparkling Fire City to settle the score with Chen Xiang?"

"The Sparkling Fire City is going to become lively!"

Everyone was walking on the road, discussing something.

"Separating Fire Pavilion Lord, Chen Xiang seems very mysterious, if you want to rope him in, it won’t be easy." The Fire Heaven General Director sighed.

"Yes, but I don’t intend to rope him in now ..." My Separating Fire Dan Pavilion cannot contain people like him, I’m afraid only your Fire Mountain School can do it. " Separating Fire Dan Pavilion let out a faint sigh, feeling a little disappointed.

"That may not be so ... People like him are already used to coming and going from here. Furthermore, he is extremely good at causing trouble, so our Fire Mountain School might not want him. " The Fire Heaven General Director laughed.

Chen Xiang returned to the Fire Heaven Building and continued selling his World Defying god-becoming Dan. The moment he returned, all the remaining pellets were sold. He then closed the shop’s door and closed up in the private room.

Su Meiyao had already refined quite a few World Defying god-becoming Dan, so he did not lack Tao-creation Holy stone for now.

The next thing Chen Xiang wanted to do was to refine a kind of extremely strong fire energy pill, which would mainly attract Four-winged flamingo.

Before this, Xiao Xianglin had used the Doppelgänger mantra to split out two clones to search for the extremely dense, high-grade Tao-creation’s divine medicine.

"Master, after you find it, tell your clone to bring the ingredients back quickly." Chen Xiang said, he was worried that there was not enough time.

Xiao Xianglin’s Doppelgänger mantra made Chen Xiang even more envious, because the three clones were able to learn three Tao-creation’s incantations at the same time ... Xiao Xianglin allowed one clone to learn Legendary mantra and one to learn the eight level of mysterious runes. As for her own body, she could do other things.

Chen Xiang was thinking about how he could integrate all of his resources to refine the most powerful pill with fire energy. He also asked the girls to give him some advice.

"The power of fire released by your Red fire dragon is very strong." Peng profoundfei said: "I feel that the dragon’s power is quite attractive, you can add a bit when you’re refining the pill."

"Then we can use the Flying Dan grain. This can definitely improve us by a lot! I can only wait for those medicinal herbs to come back before I can give you any more opinions. " He Fengyuan said.

"It’s a pity that Xue Ying isn’t here, she’s a fire phoenix. If it’s her phoenix fire, she would definitely be able to attract Four-winged flamingo." Su Meiyao said.

Mentioning Xue Ying, Chen Xiang missed him a lot.

"I wonder how Granny Long and the rest are doing now!" Chen Xiang said. When Long Zhiyu and the others were developing at the Divine Dragon Lake, the Divine Dragon Lake and the Divine Soil Restricted Area were linked.

The Divine Dragon Lake was on the other side of World Defying Stage Soul River, which was very far away from where Chen Xiang was.

"If we can find my grandfather and Gu Tong, perhaps we can ask them to think of a way to obtain a Transmission array." Qin Shuang said, she was also missing her granny a little.

"There’s no need for them. If I grasp the incantations for time, I can refine the Transmission array with big sister Xiang Luan and return." Feng Ke’er said, "I remember the Transmission array plate at the Divine Dragon Lake. I should be able to find the path back to space."

"That’s for the best!" Chen Xiang laughed: "Master, you need to pick up a clone to guide Xiao Ke’er to learn the Tao-creation’s Incantation."

"I know!" Xiao Xianglin said.

"I can help Chen Xiang refine pills, and I can also help Big Sister Xiang Lai set up a formation to refine her equipment. I’m really amazing," Feng Ke’er said very proudly.

Chen Xiang wanted to learn too, but it was extremely difficult, and it would take him a very long time to do so. He did not have the heaven opposing talent like Xiao Xianglin, but he learned World Defying Dan grain rather quickly.

Xiao Xianglin’s two clones returned.

"There are many people waiting for you outside. They might be here to request for pills." Xiao Xianglin said: "The Separating Fire Pavilion Lord is also here, she is a beauty, aren’t you interested?"

"Master, you’re so much more beautiful than her. How can she move my heart?" Chen Xiang laughed.

Xiao Xianglin’s clone brought back four types of ingredients, all of them were middle stage Tao-creation Divine Medicines, she had to go through a few pill shops to get them, so she gave them to He Fengyuan.

He Fengyuan carefully looked at them, and said with a frown: "They are all not ideal ... "Furthermore, the two of them cannot be fused. This is not a good fire type medicinal ingredient. After refining it into a pill, the effect will be very bad."

"All the good herbs have been hidden." Xiao Xianglin said in an extremely helpless tone.

"Chen Xiang, you must go out and find that Separating Fire Pavilion Lord. She is the manager of the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion. Su Meiyao smiled charmingly, "If you have a good relationship with her, the medicinal ingredients and pill formulas should be much easier to obtain."

"That’s a good idea." Long Xueyi laughed. "Little Scoundrel, your expertise is great."

"Okay, you let me go." Chen Xiang said in embarrassment before going to open the door. As expected, he saw Separating Fire Pavilion Lord waiting outside.

The Fire Heaven Building was also selling pills, but the main manager here wasn’t like the Separating Fire Pavilion Lord, who would try to get close to Chen Xiang.

All the disciples of the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion knew that the best thing Separating Fire Pavilion Lord was to rope Alchemist in, so they could drop their status and build a good relationship with him. When they saw him waiting for Chen Xiang here, they did not find it strange, because she was the one who roped the Old Alchemist in.

"Master Shen, do you still have World Defying god-becoming Dan to sell?" When Separating Fire Pavilion Lord saw Chen Xiang, she smiled gently.

"I just happened to refine one!" Separating Fire Pavilion Lord, your luck is quite good! " Chen Xiang laughed. "You must have been waiting outside for a long time, why don’t you come in and take a seat?"

Chen Xiang also had a request for the Separating Fire Pavilion Lord, so he was very passionate.

The Separating Fire Pavilion Lord was very willing to follow Chen Xiang into the small hall in the shop.

"I saw two identical looking women come in earlier ... "Why haven’t I seen them?" The Separating Fire Pavilion Lord was only curious about where the hell Chen Xiang had gone to. She felt that it wasn’t strange for a talented young Alchemist like him to have a few women by his side.

"They are clones of my master ... My master has gone into closed-door training. " Chen Xiang laughed. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" That is Master Shen’s master! " Separating Fire Pavilion Lord had never thought that Chen Xiang’s master would actually be such a beautiful woman.

"She is not a Alchemist, but she has given me a great help." Chen Xiang poured some tea for Separating Fire Pavilion Lord.