Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

After He Fengyuan handed over the Tao-creation’s Divine Medicine to Chen Xiang, he smiled and said, "We have already thought of this name when we were inside.

It was very obvious that the reason they chose such a name was because of Hua Liqing.

"You can give her one of these flowers." He Fengyuan said.

"If she asks how she got here." Chen Xiang was worried that Hua Liqing would continue to ask, because it was a secret that could not be revealed.

"You say it’s a secret, but don’t tell her about it. If she has an understanding of medicinal pills, then she definitely knows what it means." He Fengyuan said: "If you want her to work with you in the long term, the trust between us is extremely important, you have to let her know your abilities."

Chen Xiang nodded his head, and said: "She will definitely take some time to come, I will first refine it, and see if I can remove the pill that would satisfy me."

Just a single stage of Time Domain was enough for him to use. He felt that he would be able to refine one within a month’s time.

Chen Xiang spent a month inside the Time Domain very quickly. Because the ingredients were handled very well, and were integrated very well by the Mei Jing Sisters and the rest, he did not need to waste any time to refine them, he was able to pass the refining and fusing stage very quickly.

He had previously refined so many World Defying god-becoming Dan, and was already very familiar with the runes on the Tao-creation. Practice made perfect, and he would be able to complete them very soon.

Chen Xiang gave the pellet to Long Xueyi and the others, letting them feel the Qi the pellet emitted, to see if it could attract them.

"The energy contained within is not bad, but I feel that it’s still lacking a little. There is an attraction force, but it’s not enough." Long Xueyi said.

"If it lacked an explosive power, then if it could explode with a strong Qi, then the attraction would be huge, because at that time when the selection, there would definitely be many people competing at the same time, and the entire Sparkling Fire City would be filled with the aura of fire. If the Qi is not strong enough, then the Four-winged flamingo would not be able to sense the existence of your pellet." Peng profoundfei said.

"Okay, next I will inscribe the Flying Dan grain on top." Chen Xiang said: "If I managed to successfully inscribe it, then that’s about it."

Last time, Chen Xiang spent a lot of time inscribing the Flying Dan grain, and the Flying Dan grain was even absorbing blood, so it was extremely difficult to refine it. Thus, he needed to enter the Time array s, and it could be done slowly.

There were not many days left until the end of the Sparkling Fire City’s flame competition, so Chen Xiang had to make the best use of his time.

The people of Sparkling Fire City had always been racking their brains to think of a way to attract Four-winged flamingo, and had tried many times, but they had never succeeded. Furthermore, many people had tried to break through in the area of pills, but none of them succeeded.

Chen Xiang felt that the reason those people did not succeed was because their pills were not good enough.

Four-winged flamingo were the precious birds of the Fire Mountain School. They were powerful, and normally, they would eat high quality food. If they did not have enough attraction, the Four-winged flamingo would not even look at them.

Another day passed, and Chen Xiang came out of the Time array, as he had already been inside for a hundred years.

This pellet was a middle stage Tao-creation Divine Pellet, and was of a higher grade than the previous World Defying god-becoming Dan. Therefore, the process of refining the Flying Dan grain was much longer, it was mainly because the Flying Dan grain, in order to raise the quality of this pellet as much as possible, had absorbed a large amount of Chen Xiang’s blood and life force.

"How deadly." Chen Xiang looked at the completely transparent pill in his hand and smiled faintly. This pill seemed to be a transparent crystal bead, but from time to time, a small flame would appear in the center of the pill.

"Emotional heart Dan." Chen Xiang imitated the name of the Flaming Heart of Flame Flower. Whether or not he could obtain the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal all depended on this flower.

Actually, Chen Xiang felt that his greatest gain was his control over the Flying Dan grain. This was his second time refining it, and on top of that, it was the middle stage Tao-creation Divine Pellet, which allowed him to improve even more.

Xiao Xianglin had also witnessed the process of Chen Xiang’s refining. She mainly wanted to see how the Flying Dan grain was refined in detail, as this would make it easier for her to study the World Defying Dan grain in the future.

Hua Liqing had been here for a long time, and when she saw that Chen Xiang did not come out, she knew that Chen Xiang was in closed door cultivation to refine pills, so she patiently waited in the hall.

"Sister Li Qing." Seeing Hua Liqing here, Chen Xiang anxiously shouted.

"You sure are calm, killing the two elders of the Wood Mountain Sect, and you can still peacefully refine pills." Hua Liqing was very worried for Chen Xiang, so she spent the last two days paying attention to the situation at Wood Mountain Sect.

"If you didn’t say it, I would have forgotten that I killed two elders of the Wood Mountain Sect." Chen Xiang laughed: "There’s no need to worry about this. It should come sooner or later."

The last time he was weak, he was almost killed by Wood Mountain Sect’s Leader. However, this was no longer the case, he had stepped into the Peak of World Defying magic realm, and although he couldn’t defeat Wood Mountain Sect’s Leader, he definitely wasn’t as powerless as last time.

Chen Xiang saw that Hua Liqing’s expression was not looking too good, and asked softly: "Sister Li Qing, have you made a decision yet?"

Hua Liqing sighed dejectedly and nodded: "Separating Fire Dan Pavilion’s Alchemist has agreed to dissolve the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion, and would rather Separating Fire Dan Pavilion disband himself than give the pill formulas to Fire Mountain School and Wood Mountain Sect. Those are pills that we have painstakingly refined, we cannot allow others to obtain them so easily."

"If you were to build a new pill shop in the future, would the Wood Mountain Sect still pursue this matter?" Chen Xiang asked.

"As long as we do not sell the Soul Refining Pill and the name of the pill shop is not Separating Fire Dan Pavilion, they would definitely have nothing to say. I also plan to build a new shop from scratch after a period of time." Hua Liqing disbanding the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion was also an act of helplessness.

"At that time, I will become the first Alchemist of your new store." Chen Xiang said.

"Is that true? Thank you so much, if you have your World Defying god-becoming Dan, your shop’s reputation will soon rise greatly, and I will give you as much as you sell it in my shop. I will not charge you any other fees." Hua Liqing did not expect Chen Xiang to join her new shop.

"We’ll talk about it later." Chen Xiang laughed: "Right now, I am preparing to participate in Sparkling Fire City’s events, I want to win that Tao-creation’s sacred crystal."

Hua Liqing immediately thought of the matter of Chen Xiang asking her for the fire attribute Tao-creation’s divine medicine and she said in shock, "Are you trying to refine the Tao-creation’s divine pellet to attract Four-winged flamingo?"

"That’s right, I’ve already finished refining it." Chen Xiang returned the leftover medicinal ingredients to Hua Liqing. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

When Hua Liqing took a look at those medicinal ingredients, he knew what kind of medicinal ingredients Chen Xiang had picked, and they were not particularly expensive.

"Is this a pill made from crystal fire leaf and Flame Heart Fruit?" Hua Liqing frowned: "The fire energy contained within these two herbs can only be considered to be above average, and can only be used to refine pills." From here, the first thing he did was to look at the genuine content!