Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Alchemist had never tried it before because when he was researching the pill formulas, the ingredients needed to mix with each other at a high and low level. The combination of the ingredients required was very strong, either low or medium level.

The two medicines that Chen Xiang had selected were both of the upper middle tier and belonged to the same level. This combination was relatively rare, and there were no other supporting medicinal ingredients.

Hua Liqing always liked to collect pills, and that was one of the main reasons why she opened a pill shop. Also, after she opened a pill shop, she could eat all sorts of pills, which could help her level up, otherwise she would not have reached Peak of World Defying magic realm level.

"Of course you can," Chen Xiang giggled, then took out a flower and handed it over to Hua Liqing.

Hua Liqing was truly worthy of being the person who had been collecting medicinal pellets all year round. She was able to see the ingenuity of this flower with a single glance.

The leaves and the stone fruit melded together, causing Lin Hua Liqing to be extremely surprised. She looked at the flower in a daze, and kept on exclaiming.

"It’s called the Flaming Heart Flower." Chen Xiang laughed: "This is for you, Big Sis Li Qing, like it?"

"I like it, this is the most magical flower I’ve ever seen in my life, you actually can perfectly combine two medicinal ingredients together, how did you do it," Hua Liqing said in pleasant surprise and excitement.

"This is my secret," Chen Xiang laughed: "The pill I concoct is called ’Emotional heart Dan.’ On the day of the event, I will take it out to lure the Four-winged flamingo."

Hua Liqing thought of the He Fengyuan who had previously selected the medicinal ingredients as well as the Xiao Xianglin who had previously come to a realization that Chen Xiang was not by himself. Someone beside him was secretly helping him.

"Sister Li Qing, when will you announce the dissolution of the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I will announce it tomorrow," Hua Liqing said. "Then, I will prepare for a period of time, and I will start again after I find a different place."

"Then where are you planning to go?" Chen Xiang said.

"Alright, I’ll take you to a more boisterous place. It’s a bit more competitive, but there are also a lot of people there." Hua Liqing was very happy that he was able to be together with her, because Chen Xiang’s World Defying god-becoming Dan was a kind of mysterious pill. This would allow her shop to quickly build up its reputation, and if there were one or two good pills in the future, it would quickly become a famous large shop.

"Oh right, Little Brother, where’s the Emotional heart Dan that you refined? Can you let me take a look?" Hua Liqing was extremely curious, because it was a new type of pellet, and he seemed to be very confident in this pellet.

When Chen Xiang took out the Emotional heart Dan, its aura was a little weak and was usually hard to sense, but Peng profoundfei and Long Xueyi were extremely sensitive to this pellet, and they felt that it was alright.

Hua Liqing took the pellet and scrutinized it, her delicate body immediately trembled with a face full of shock.

"Did you really refine this?" Hua Liqing looked at Chen Xiang in disbelief.

Chen Xiang felt that it was strange, because the pellet was completely transparent and did not have a single trace of World Defying Dan grain or Tao-creation Incantation.

"Sister Li Qing, did you discover something?" Chen Xiang asked hurriedly.

"World Defying Dan grain, there are World Defying Dan grain s in this pellet, you ... Are you really planning to use this pellet to feed the birds? "Hua Liqing said with an expression of" It’s just for a single Tao-creation Holy Crystal. "

"This is extremely rare and precious," Chen Xiang didn’t know, because he didn’t have any idea what it meant. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"This... It’s not that it’s very precious, it’s just that I feel that it’s a pity. It’s extremely difficult to successfully form a World Defying Dan grain, yet you were carved on such a precious pellet that was used to lure birds ... It should be more valuable to be able to be carved on top of better pills. " Hua Liqing said.

"I was just kidding." Chen Xiang laughed: "I have just mastered the World Defying Dan grain, so I plan to practice, and this is the second time that I have succeeded in condensing a World Defying Dan grain. Sister Li Qing, you seem to know a lot about World Defying Dan grain. It was not easy for me to get this kind of World Defying Dan grain. In the future, it will be difficult to get other World Defying Dan grain. "

"Of course, World Defying Dan grain are even more precious than pill formulas. A World Defying Dan grain like you, don’t be like me and get grabbed by the Wood Mountain Sect." Hua Liqing returned the pill to Chen Xiang.

"I don’t know, this is called a Flying Dan grain, I got it from a cave." Chen Xiang said.

"It’s actually a Flying Dan grain ... This is something that a Alchemist in the Fire Mountain School knows how to use. Up till now, I only know that he knows how to use it. " Hua Liqing looked at Chen Xiang with a strange expression.

"I’m not his disciple or descendant. I just got them by chance." Chen Xiang quickly waved his hands.

"You being able to inscribe World Defying Dan grain is very amazing. As far as I know, there are many people who can learn ready-made World Defying Dan grain, even if they learn until their deaths, they might not even be able to master it. It is even more difficult than learning the Tao-creation’s Incantation." This was what shocked Hua Liqing the most.

Chen Xiang didn’t think that it was difficult, it was just that the process of refining the sword was a little deadly, and that was the reason why one had such good Inherent Skills.

Right now, Hua Liqing and Chen Xiang had already discussed about cooperation. At that time, she would definitely leave the Sparkling Fire City with a large batch of medicinal ingredients and come back from other places. Chen Xiang had promised her that he would help her.

The second day, Hua Liqing announced that the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion had been dissolved, causing many people to feel that it was a pity, because the pills in the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion were never too expensive, and their effects were not bad. Everyone liked them, and many people would often purchase them from other Tao-creation Mountain s.

Now that the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion had closed, they didn’t know where they should go to buy pills in the future. Some of them could guess that Hua Liqing would open a new pill shop from now on, but not now.

In the next few days, Chen Xiang and Hua Liqing stayed together as they listened to Hua Liqing talk about a lot of things related to medicinal pellets.

Tonight, the Four-winged flamingo will fly into the Sparkling Fire City, and at that time, the place where the Four-winged flamingo will land, will be the place where they win.

Chen Xiang had already chosen a place to stay, at the top floor of the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion, and the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion was also set ablaze by him.

Separating Fire Dan Pavilion was originally made from a special type of wood. After igniting it, not only did it release pink flames, it also emitted a faint fragrance that spread throughout the entire city.

It could be said that the most dazzling flame right now was the burning Separating Fire Dan Pavilion.

Chen Xiang and Hua Liqing stood on the rooftop, and Chen Xiang took out the Emotional heart Dan. He placed it on his palm, and waited for the Four-winged flamingo to appear.

Suddenly, a whistling sound could be heard from the distance. The people standing at the top could see the blue colored firelight from the distance.

"The Four-winged flamingo is coming," Hua Liqing was very much looking forward to it, he laughed: "It seems like the Four-winged flamingo are flying towards us."