Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had thought that the Four-winged flamingo was a fiery red, like the phoenix and the Vermillion Bird. He didn’t think that it would be a fire bird that burned with blue flames, looking very beautiful as well, like a blue phoenix. It wasn’t large in size, but it had four blue wings. After it died, it had a long blue tail of light at its tail. It was very beautiful. "..."

"Could it be that they are flying towards the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion? Separating Fire Pavilion Lord has dissolved the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion and set it on fire. This is the largest amount of resources that the Sparkling Fire City has ever invested. "

"When the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion burns, the flames and fragrance released are really nothing. As soon as the Four-winged flamingo entered the Sparkling Fire City, it must have immediately recognized the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion."

"It might actually be the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion winning ... This should be the last glory of Separating Fire Dan Pavilion. "

Once the Four-winged flamingo entered the city, the people standing at the top started paying attention to it. The Four-winged flamingo were all flying straight towards the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion, passing by many areas with large flames, and didn’t move at both ends. It was no wonder everyone was guessing.

"This Four-winged flamingo is really coming for us." Chen Xiang kept the two Emotional heart Dan s. If the burning Separating Fire Dan Pavilion could attract the attention of the Four-winged flamingo, then he would not have to waste the Emotional heart Dan s.

However, just as Chen Xiang kept his Emotional heart Dan, the Four-winged flamingo in the distance suddenly roared, Chen Xiang and Hua Liqing looked at each other, they were sure that the Four-winged flamingo was targeting the Emotional heart Dan.

"This guy is really here for the Emotional heart Dan." Chen Xiang still did not take out the Emotional heart Dan.

The Four-winged flamingo had already flown above the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion, but did not stop.

"This guy is really determined to eat my pill." Chen Xiang finally took out the Emotional heart Dan, but he still held onto it tightly.

The moment he took out the Emotional heart Dan, the Four-winged flamingo in the sky immediately dove down, bringing along a strong pressure that caused the entire Separating Fire Dan Pavilion to tremble.

When the Four-winged flamingo landed on the roof of the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion, the entire city shouted immediately, because the victor had already been chosen, and was indeed the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion.

Chen Xiang was still tightly pinching the Emotional heart Dan in his hand, and was somewhat unwilling to give it to her.

"Give it to him!" Hua Liqing laughed tenderly: "If you don’t give it to him, then this guy will not leave."

Chen Xiang threw the Emotional heart Dan out, and it immediately caught it with its mouth. After obtaining the Emotional heart Dan, it flapped its wings, and immediately flew away.

"Zhou, let’s go to Fire Heaven Building to retrieve the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals." Hua Liqing said with a smile, then pulled Chen Xiang down from the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion that was currently burning purple flames, and sprinted towards Fire Heaven Building. Separating Fire Dan Pavilion was constructed from a rare ancient tree trunk, and needed to be burned for a long time before it would turn to ash, and wouldn’t collapse for a while.

At the entrance of the Fire Heaven Building, the Fire Heaven General Director was already waiting there. Seeing Chen Xiang and Hua Liqing together, chatting and laughing as they walked over, the Fire Heaven General Director was very unhappy in his heart.

Despite being in a bad mood, the Tao-creation still had to give him the Holy Crystal. This was a rule set by the Fire Mountain School for many years.

"Separating Fire Pavilion Lord, we have known each other for so many years. I would like to advise you, keep your distance from Chen Xiang." When Fire Heaven General Director passed the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal to Hua Liqing, he warned her repeatedly.

Chen Xiang was right beside him. He heard it loud and clear, but he did not take it to heart. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"Thank you Fire Heaven General Director for your concern." Hua Liqing smiled slightly, then turned around and walked towards Chen Xiang, and handed the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal over.

In such a short period of time, Hua Liqing and Chen Xiang’s relationship had actually developed to such a state, which was truly unbelievable to many people, because they all knew that in the many years that Hua Liqing had been in Sparkling Fire City, he had never had such a good relationship with that man.

Furthermore, Fire Heaven General Director was often together with Hua Liqing, but their relationship was not cold and indifferent. Some people knew that the Fire Heaven General Director had been in love with Hua Liqing for a long time, but their relationship did not develop.

Everyone felt that there was no hope for the Fire Heaven General Director and Hua Liqing. With such an incident in the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion and the Fire Heaven General Director not helping him at all, Hua Liqing would definitely be interested in him if he was blind.

Chen Xiang was a young Alchemist with both courage and talent. To dare to make the Wood Mountain Sect an enemy, to not be afraid of trouble, and to be able to refine a miraculous pellet like the World Defying god-becoming Dan. It was natural for him to be able to capture Hua Liqing’s heart.

Chen Xiang looked at the crowd. He could tell that they were thinking too much from their expressions. The reason why Hua Liqing gave the Tao-creation Holy Crystal to him was because the Four-winged flamingo was attracted by the Emotional heart Dan that Chen Xiang had refined.

Hua Liqing naturally knew what these people were thinking, but she seemed to have let them think it through intentionally.

"Let’s go back to Separating Fire Dan Pavilion first. Separating Fire Dan Pavilion will need to burn it for at least a month before it can be completely destroyed." Hua Liqing said, she did not choose to leave the Sparkling Fire City right now.

Chen Xiang had killed the two clan elders from the Wood Mountain Sect, but there was no movement from the Wood Mountain Sect’s side, which made her a little uneasy, so she planned to take Chen Xiang and quietly leave the Sparkling Fire City, to a place where Sparkling Fire City could not show off his strength.

After returning to the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion, Chen Xiang felt that it was a little strange. Outside the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion, there was a purple flame burning, but he couldn’t feel any heat at all from inside.

"Sister Li Qing, are you not in the city yet?" Chen Xiang asked.

"The Wood Mountain Sect must still have people here. They should have already been keeping an eye on us." Hua Liqing’s face became serious: We need to have a thorough plan before we can leave the city.

"That’s easy." Chen Xiang had even thought it was something important, but he immediately used the Counter Power to make himself invisible. After that, he placed his hand on Hua Liqing’s shoulder, and Hua Liqing also gradually became invisible.

Seeing Chen Xiang’s strange technique, Hua Liqing was surprised, her previous worries were unnecessary, that way, they could easily leave the Sparkling Fire City and not be followed.

"Let’s go, we’re leaving the city now." Hua Liqing held Chen Xiang’s hand, and was about to walk out of the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion, when he suddenly sensed that someone had entered.

Hua Liqing anxiously pulled Chen Xiang and leaned on a wall, both of them were hiding their Qi.

"Who are these people?" Chen Xiang sent a sound transmission to Hua Liqing, because the people that came in were all dressed in black armor, their heads were covered by a helmet, so their faces could not be seen.

"I don’t know. They must be coming for us." Hua Liqing sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang: "Let’s not go yet, this is the first floor, they will definitely go up there. We wait for them to have less people, then go around to the door and quietly leave."

More and more people came in, a total of thirty people. Among them, ten of them were actually Peak of World Defying magic realm, the rest were Late period of World Defying magic realm.

After a simple discussion with the thirty black armored people, two Peak of World Defying magic realm s were left to guard the entrance while the rest all went upstairs.