Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

Separating Fire Dan Pavilion was very tall, there were many floors, and it would not be easy for them to search them all. Read the full text of the latest chapter. More recent chapter access:.

"If we go over there, we should be able to leave easily." Hua Li Qing was already invisible, but she was still a little nervous. She pulled Chen Xiang along carefully, wanting to leave Sparkling Fire City without anyone noticing.

"Sister Li Qing, did Wood Mountain Sect send them?" Chen Xiang asked: "They actually dare to ’mess’ here?"

"They should be from Wood Mountain Sect. It seems like they want to secretly capture you alive, I knew they would send people to watch us." Hua Li Qing was extremely angry, Wood Mountain Sect was too unreasonable.

Even if we make a big commotion here, it will be fine. Just consider it as the explosion of the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion, we will definitely be able to capture Chen Xiang and Hua Li this time! It must be said that Hua Li Qing has mastered many pill formulas, if they can be used by our Wood Mountain Sect, then our Wood Mountain Sect will definitely be the strongest of the seven Tao-creation Mountain s. "

The black-armored man guarding the door laughed in a complacent manner. It was an old man.

Hearing that, Hua Li Qing’s heart was filled with rage, it was actually caused by Fire Heaven General Director, if not, Wood Mountain Sect would not dare to do such a thing. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"Right now, we are here on behalf of the Sparkling Fire City to clean up this burning building, haha ... Definitely no one knows that we are from the Wood Mountain Sect. " Another old man also laughed complacently.

Chen Xiang could feel that Hua Li’s jade-like hand was suddenly squeezing his own hand tightly. It was so hot that it seemed to be enduring the anger in his heart.

"Sister Li Qing, do you want to fight?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously: "I can fight at any time. Fiction [

"No need, let’s talk after we get out!" She had already suppressed the anger in her heart and pulled Chen Xiang out of the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion, but the two black armored men who were chatting and laughing did not notice them.

After walking out of Separating Fire Dan Pavilion, Hua Li Qing saw that Fire Heaven General Director had brought a large group of black armored men to seal the place, and did not allow anyone else to approach the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion.

Hua Li Qing ran with big strides, and suddenly distanced himself from the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion.

Chen Xiang felt a great amount of regret, because he felt that he should be the one repairing the group of Wood Mountain Sect inside the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion. Just as he was sighing to himself, he heard a burst of intense explosions from behind him, and scorching waves of air swept over, bringing with it a large amount of purple colored mist, and then, a large amount of broken pieces of air flew over.

Separating Fire Dan Pavilion had been shaken to the point that there were many cracks on his body. In the darkness of the night, the entire Sparkling Fire City was enveloped by the purple fire qi that had erupted from Separating Fire Dan Pavilion. Looking down from high up in the sky, it seemed as if the entire Sparkling Fire City was shrouded in purple light.

"Sister Li Qing, did you do this?" Chen Xiang did not expect Hua Li to be so terrifying when he was infuriated, and he could not help but laugh.

"Hmph, who told these guys to have ideas about a girl like me every day. They always thought that I was weak and easy to bully." Hua Li Qing snorted, "Now let them see how powerful I, Hua Li, am."

"Will those guys survive?" Chen Xiang asked curiously.

This is a killing array that was left behind when I was building the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion. Only I can activate it, and that is to prevent the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion from dying together with the enemy. If the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion were to finish burning this array, then this killing array will disappear. Hua Li Qing said.

Hua Li Qing had already left Sparkling Fire City with Chen Xiang.

Sparkling Fire City was in an uproar, such a huge commotion, it was unprecedented!

Fire Heaven General Director who was closest to the Separating Fire Dan Pavilion was blown away by the wave of heat and crashed into a building. When he landed on the ground, he was also stunned, he never thought that Hua Li Qing would actually do such a thing.

Fire Heaven General Director was panicking, because the people of Wood Mountain Sect must have all died inside, it was a powerful force, and it was all destroyed just like that, and it was all because of him.

No matter what the reason was, the Wood Mountain Sect would definitely blame it on him.

In the dark of the night, the Fire Heaven General Director took advantage of the chaos to flee the Fire Heaven Building.

Hua Li Qing and Chen Xiang were already far away from Sparkling Fire City.

"Sister Li Qing, where are you taking me? Is there really no need to worry about Wood Mountain Sect there? " Chen Xiang believed that Hua Li Qing would quickly become famous, and the moment Wood Mountain Sect finds out, she would definitely rush over to cause trouble.

"That place is called Seven Mountains Divine Island!" Hua Li Qing said: "You probably haven’t heard of it before."

"I have heard of the Tao-creation Ancient Place. There are a lot of the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals inside." Chen Xiang asked: "Where is the Seven Mountains Divine Island?"

"The Tao-creation Ancient Place is above the Seven Mountains Divine Island!" had actually heard of the Tao-creation Ancient Place, but not the Seven Mountains Divine Island.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" Isn’t the Seven Mountains Divine Island very big? " Chen Xiang had thought that it was just an island.

"It’s very, very big!" Then he squatted down and began to draw on the ground with the branch of a tree.

"The seven Tao-creation Mountain s have formed a large circle ... In the middle is the Seven Mountains Divine Island. " Hua Li Qing replied: "You probably haven’t been to the center. In the middle is a very vast ocean, the Seven Mountains Divine Island is right in the middle of the sea."

"I am not clear about the matters of the Tao-creation Mountain." This was the first time Chen Xiang had heard of such a thing.

"The Seven Mountains Divine Island is not that easy to reach." Hua Li Qing said: "If you want to go to the island, there are four ways. The first is to go to the middle of the ocean and wait for the Seven Mountains Divine Island to descend from the sky before going to the island!"

"The descent of the Seven Mountains Divine Island? Could it be that Seven Mountains Divine Island is in the air? " When Chen Xiang heard that it was in the sea, he thought it was a huge island in the sea.

"Usually, they would be suspended in the air and would land on the surface of the sea every once in a while. Sometimes they would stop for ten years, sometimes they would stop for a hundred years, or even a thousand years."

Hua Li Qing continued: "The second is to fly up ... You should know that it’s very difficult to be tall here, so it’s not going to work. "

"Third, as long as we go to the peak of the seven Tao-creation Mountain, and wait for the Seven Mountains Divine Island to fly past, we can easily go up! This will not work, because the peak of the seven Tao-creation Mountain s will be controlled by a strong power. "

"So we can only use the fourth method?" Chen Xiang said.

"Yes, this is what people use the most ..." As long as we hand over ten Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals to the envoy of the divine island, he would teleport us there through the Transmission array. " Hua Li Qing said.

"This is too expensive!" Chen Xiang shook his head, "There must be some other way!"

Although Lonesome Flower had a Separating Fire Dan Pavilion, she did not earn much. The majority of the money was given to Alchemist, or to grow medicinal ingredients, so the amount of Holy Crystals in her hands was definitely not much.

"Don’t worry, I’ve only got ten. As long as we can get to the top, we’ll definitely be able to make it back." Hua Li Qing said.