Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Hua Liqing did not care about the ten Tao-creation Holy Crystals, but Xiao Xianglin and Feng Ke’er were very concerned about the people inside the You Yao Mountain Villa.

"Sister Li Qing, my Divine Sense Sea can hold people back. How about you enter my Divine Sense Sea and I can use the five Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals to find some messenger from the Divine Island?" Chen Xiang said.

"The divine island envoy needs ten Tao-creation Holy Crystals to open the Transmission array each time. Even if you’re one person, you would need ten." Hua Liqing shook his head: "We can only climb to Seven Mountains Divine Island through the Transmission array."

Xiao Xianglin immediately came out of You Yao Mountain Villa, and she introduced herself to Hua Liqing as if she was being extremely polite: "Li Qing, hello. I’m Chen Xiang’s master, Xiao Xianglin! "Nice to meet you!"

Hua Liqing stared blankly at him for a while before revealing a sweet smile, and said: "I saw your clone last time ... You are really amazing, teaching such a disciple as Chen Xiang. "

Xiao Xianglin’s cultivation was not high, and was only at the middle stage of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, so Chen Xiang did indeed have the Peak of World Defying magic realm.

"Li Qing, you definitely cannot use ten Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals to fly over." Xiao Xianglin said. The reason she came out was to talk about this.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" "Why?" Hua Liqing was in a difficult situation, and said: "If we do not use the Tao-creation Divine Crystals, we are unable to go there, believe me, as long as we go there, with our abilities, we will be able to get it back very quickly."

"I believe in your strength!" Xiao Xianglin held onto Hua Liqing with both hands as she smiled coquettishly: "I have a way to head to that whatever Seven Mountains Divine Island. This way would be even better, and I don’t need to consume that much of the Tao-creation’s sacred crystal."

"What method?" Hua Liqing asked quickly.

"If I use all of the Flying mantra s, I’ll definitely be able to fly up, right?" Xiao Xianglin said.

"This... I can’t be sure, but if I can master all of the Flying mantra, it’s still possible to fly up. " Hua Liqing frowned: "I only know that the divine island envoy used a large number of Space mantra s to activate the Transmission array."

"The Flying mantra is much more difficult than the Space mantra, so it’s definitely possible." Xiao Xianglin said: "I just need to refine something for Chen Xiang, just by refining it with all the Flying mantra s ... Un, I need to add a few Tao-creation Holy Crystals inside. "

Chen Xiang did not expect that, as he had almost forgotten about the Flying mantra, he had always thought that it was not very useful, but now, it was actually useful.

"If it’s really possible, then use all of my ten Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals for artifact forging." Hua Liqing took out ten glittering Tao-creation Divine Crystals.

"We don’t need that much... My current strength is still unable to refine that many in one go. I just need five of them and with the one in Chen Xiang’s hands, it should be enough. " Xiao Xianglin laughed: "Just wait here for my good news."

Hua Liqing knew that Chen Xiang had won over the Time array at Wood Mountain Sect, so they did not have to wait for too long.

"Little brother, your master is so powerful. He’s actually such a powerful Refiner ... The Flying mantra is the fourth stage of the Tao-creation’s Incantation, the Space mantra is only at the third stage, but your master has mastered all of the Flying mantra. " Hua Liqing felt that this was impressive, she knew about the Tao-creation Incantation very well.

"Hehe, my master has mastered all the’s incantations from the first to the seventh, she is currently learning the eighth, Tao-creation’s incantation." Chen Xiang laughed.

Using the Legendary mantra s, Xiao Xianglin was able to divide two clones to learn the Tao-creation’s Incantation, while her main body was only learning Artifact Forging. This was her greatest strength, even Chen Xiang did not know how her clone was able to learn the eighth stage of the Tao-creation’s Incantation.

"Is your master the legendary Heavenly Incantation Master?" Hua Liqing took a deep breath, "She is only at the middle stage of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, but she has mastered so many Tao-creation’s Incantation.

Hua Liqing knew a lot of things, which showed that her origins must not be simple.

"What is the Heavenly Incantation Master?" Chen Xiang only knew that Xiao Xianglin’s Incantation of the Tao-creation was extremely terrifying, learning the Tao-creation Incantation was as easy as eating a meal.

"He is a person who learns the Tao-creation’s incantations very quickly. He is born with this talent." Hua Liqing was very anxious and excited as he asked, "Is your master like this?"

"En!" Chen Xiang once again recalled the Song Longprofound he met in the Cang Fire City. This was also a person who learned the Tao-creation’s incantations very quickly.

"That’s great!" Hua Liqing was very excited: "Once your master has mastered all the incantations in the Tao-creation, she will be able to study the World Defying Dan grain. For the Alchemist, this is an extremely difficult task, but for the Heavenly Incantation Master, it is very easy."

Chen Xiang had thought of this since a long time ago, he did not expect it to be true.

"Sister Li Qing, is Heavenly Incantation Master very rare?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Of course, this is very, very rare ... If you go to Seven Mountains Divine Island, you will know that Heavenly Incantation Master and the powerful Alchemist are on equal footing. " Hua Liqing was very happy at the moment. Chen Xiang was a talented Alchemist, and Chen Xiang’s master was a rare Heavenly Incantation Master.

Hua Liqing did not know of He Fengyuan’s existence. The best pill recipe that He Fengyuan could concoct, to the Alchemist, was undoubtedly the same as a Heavenly Incantation Master.

"Sister Li Qing, you really know a lot of things. I am also from the Peak of World Defying magic realm, but I don’t know as much as you do." Chen Xiang laughed.

"You must have entered the Peak of World Defying magic realm too quickly, so you haven’t traveled through the Tao-creation Mountain. Naturally, you don’t know ... I grew up in the Seven Mountains Divine Island, so I know more. "

Hua Liqing was actually raised by the Seven Mountains Divine Island, so her parents must be a very strong figure within the Seven Mountains Divine Island ... But why would she be oppressed by the Wood Mountain Sect?

"Then do you know about the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I’ve heard of it... It was sealed a long time ago, and this fellow is the ancestor of all evil, he is extremely terrifying. " Hua Liqing replied, "And how do you know that?"

Chen Xiang had gone to the place where the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor was sealed, of course he knew about it.

"He ran out!" Chen Xiang sighed.

"Seriously... "Really?" Hua Liqing could not believe it.

"Hm!" But now there seems to be no movement. " Chen Xiang said: "Sister Li Qing, where do you think the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor will go after he breaks the seal!?" DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"Of course it’s here... You may not know this, but this place was originally one of the eight mountains, and one of them was the Tao-creation’s Evil Mountain. After the Evil Ancestor was sealed, this mountain was refined into the Seven Mountains Divine Island. " Hua Liqing looked high up in the sky. "If the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor breaks the seal, it is very possible that he will return here."

Chen Xiang had never thought that the place he was going to next, would actually be refined in the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor’s lair.

"How could this be?" Chen Xiang was very worried: "Is it not safe up there?"