Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

In Hua Liqing’s eyes, the Seven Mountains Divine Island was a very sacred place, and now that he found out that the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor had broken the seal, Hua Liqing was extremely worried. @,

"I don’t know yet... The Tao-creation Evil Ancestor has broken the seal, the experts above the Seven Mountains Divine Island must definitely know about it. " Hua Liqing said: "If there really is any danger, then we will definitely be thrown into chaos right now."

"Let’s go up and talk!" Chen Xiang thought of Luo Jiuyang and Gu Tong. After the two of them brought Tao-creation Evil Ancestor away, they had always been missing, which made Qin Shuang very worried.

Hua Liqing asked Chen Xiang how he knew about Tao-creation Evil Ancestor breaking the seal, and Chen Xiang told her what happened inside the barrier.

After hearing everything, Hua Liqing became more worried.

"Where did the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor go now? It seems like he has been trying to break the seal for a very long time, but there is no movement from this side at all. " Hua Liqing believed that if anything had happened to the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor, he would have definitely come here at the first possible moment.

"Maybe he’s not strong enough ... He has been sealed for so many years, his strength must have been affected by it. So now, he can only hide and strengthen himself, before investigating the entire strength of the Tao-creation Mountain to prevent himself from being sealed again. " said, he did not know how he could find Gu Tong and Luo Jiuyang right now. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

No one knew whether Luo Jiuyang and Luo Jiuyang were dead or not, but Qin Shuang thought that Luo Jiuyang was not.

"Sister Li Yi, Wood Mountain Sect’s Leader is so powerful, he should be staying in Seven Mountains Divine Island. The last time he attacked me, he almost got killed by him." Chen Xiang said: "Wood Mountain Sect is not at the peak of the mountain, it’s just at the halfway point ... It’s the same for Tao-creation Fire Mountain. "

"The peaks of the seven Tao-creation Mountain s are all occupied by genuine super great sects ... Halfway up the mountain is only the outer sect of the Wood Mountain Sect. If you perform well in the outer sect, you will be invited to the peak of the inner sect, and the inner sect disciples above can easily enter the Seven Mountains Divine Island. "

"So that’s how it is!" Chen Xiang suspected that the in front of him might be an inner disciple of the Tao-creation Fire Mountain. It was on top of that, because Yan Jiu said that he had been to the Tao-creation Ancient Place before.

The Tao-creation Ancient Place was above the Seven Mountains Divine Island.

One day passed and Xiao Xianglin came out of the Time array. She handed the Six Realms mirrors over to Chen Xiang and said: "Refine all the Flying mantra s into it. I have even merged with the Increase spell in order to strengthen the Flying mantra. You only need to use your mind to control the Six Realms mirrors to float.

Chen Xiang wanted Feng Ke’er to use her golden needles to try and see if he could pierce through it, but after thinking about it, he decided to forget about it. If by any chance he could pierce it, it would take a long time to recover.

"Xiang Luan, have you finished learning the eighth and ninth level of the Tao-creation’s Incantation?" Hua Liqing asked.

"Not yet... These two Tao-creation Incantations are not easy, and it is also a little complicated. " Xiao Xianglin frowned.

"Only by mastering these two Tao-creation’s incantations can you create the World Defying Dan grain s with greater ease." Hua Liqing said: "I’m not too sure either, I heard about all of this. Among the nine levels of the Tao-creation’s incantations, the two later stages are greatly related to the World Defying Dan grain."

"Mm, I will definitely master it." Xiao Xianglin laughed: "I’m going to take a look at this Six Realms mirrors’s flying ability."

After Xiao Xianglin entered the You Yao Mountain Villa, Chen Xiang made the Six Realms mirrors grow bigger before walking with Hua Liqing.

Chen Xiang controlled the Six Realms mirrors to float in the air, and it could very easily fly up.

"Sit tight. We’re going to fly high into the sky now." Chen Xiang laughed.

Hua Liqing was very happy when he saw the Six Realms mirrors flying at such a high altitude. In the future, they would be able to easily land on the ground.

"First fly high, and then you will be able to see the Seven Mountains Divine Island, and then fly towards it." Hua Liqing said, she did not know how she would be able to reach the island after flying like this.

The Seven Mountains Divine Island must have a huge barrier protecting them. If they couldn’t pass through the entrance, they definitely couldn’t fly in.

We can only talk about it now.

After flying for about an hour, Chen Xiang saw a black dot in the sky.

"That’s the Seven Mountains Divine Island." Hua Liqing anxiously shouted: "Be careful that you don’t fly over."

Chen Xiang was extremely careful. He immediately activated the Counter Power, causing the two of them and the Six Realms mirrors to hide themselves and fly towards the black dot.

The speed of his flying slowed down by quite a bit. It was mainly because Chen Xiang was worried that he would encounter some unexpected accidents when approaching, so he needed to be careful.

He was getting closer and closer to the Seven Mountains Divine Island. Right now, it looked like a super continent was floating in the sky, it was extremely huge.

"This Seven Mountains Divine Island is indeed very big." Chen Xiang exclaimed.

"It’s, it’s made from a Tao-creation Mountain, and it’s said that the Tao-creation’s Evil Mountain is the largest among all the Tao-creation Mountain s." Hua Liqing said.

Several hours later, the Six Realms mirrors was already above the Seven Mountains Divine Island. Sure enough, there was a super huge barrier that the Six Realms mirrors could not penetrate, and would bounce away if it touched the barrier.

Chen Xiang secretly used the spatial formation within the Six Realms mirrors, releasing the power of space. After that, he added in the power of time and tried to use the Time and space power to penetrate it, but to no avail.

"Master, this barrier is too strong!" Chen Xiang shouted.

It had to be known that the spatial formation within Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors had been modified by Xiao Xianglin and his sister, so they had to use all of the Space mantra.

Adding on Chen Xiang’s current strength, it was completely useless.

"I’ll go out and take a look!" When Xiao Xianglin came out of the You Yao Mountain Villa, her expression changed greatly, "This ... This barrier does not seem to have been set up using the Tao-creation Incantation that I am familiar with. "

"It’s not the Tao-creation Incantation? Could it be Legendary mantra? " Chen Xiang said in shock.

"He’s also not a Legendary mantra ...." Xiao Xianglin shook his head, then looked towards Hua Liqing. "Li Qing, in this Seven Mountains Divine Island, there should be a type of incantation that is extremely powerful, right?"

"Tao-creation’s Supreme Mantra ... I have only heard of these incantations, the Supreme Mantra s are all controlled by the seven great sects of the Tao-creation Mountain. " Hua Liqing said: "How is the Supreme Mantra? I don’t know what ability it has, it has always been very mysterious."

"That should be it. Right now, I have no way of breaking this barrier." Xiao Xianglin frowned and shook his head: "How about this, you ride a Six Realms mirrors and fly around the Seven Mountains Divine Island to see if there are any entrances."

"Alright!" Chen Xiang could only do this.

After Xiao Xianglin entered the You Yao Mountain Villa, he controlled the Six Realms mirrors to once again rush towards the barrier. He wanted to test the barrier’s reaction.

This time, it was very rough and fiercely collided with it. It caused a huge area of the Spirit Formation to make huge movements and a wave of lightning exploded out.