Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

After Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors collided with the barrier, it was violently sent flying. Luckily, nothing happened.

"Quick, run." Hua Liqing anxiously shouted, because she had already seen many figures flying out of the barrier at an extremely fast speed.

"Someone is guarding the barrier." Chen Xiang used the Counter Power to make the Six Realms mirrors disappear.

A dozen or so people stepped on divine swords and flew out from the barrier. They all looked like middle-aged men with Late period of World Defying magic realm cultivations.

"There was a big commotion just now. What happened?" the leader shouted, looking around.

Chen Xiang rode on his Six Realms mirrors and quietly flew away, the security around the enchantment around Seven Mountains Divine Island was extremely tight, which also made Chen Xiang and Hua Liqing more at ease, because it would not be so easy for the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor to break through the enchantment.

"Looks like I have to find an entrance. I don’t know if there will be any obstructions when the time comes." Chen Xiang said.

"I thought that it would be easy to get on there ... Legend has it that as long as a Seven Mountains Divine Island descends into the sea, they will be able to climb up. Hua Liqing said.

"It might have been easier in the past, but later on, when the people from the Seven Mountains Divine Island found out about what happened in the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor, they removed the barrier."

Chen Xiang looked ahead, while paying attention to what was inside the Seven Mountains Divine Island. At the edge of the area, there was a large forest, and it was difficult to see anything.

After flying for a good half a day, Chen Xiang still did not see any entrance.

"Could it be that Seven Mountains Divine Island will be more strict with this period of time?" Chen Xiang was currently outside the Seven Mountains Divine Island, but they were unable to enter. This made both him and Hua Liqing extremely anxious.

Seven Mountains Divine Island continued to move, but it was extremely slow. It was as if he was walking, and no one knew where he was going to fly to.

Chen Xiang continued to fly around Seven Mountains Divine Island.

It was night, and there were many stars in the sky. Multicolored starlight was brilliant, causing the dark night to be extremely bright.

Chen Xiang told the Six Realms mirrors to fly slower so he could see that there were no entrances.

"Is that star moving fast? That’s a meteor code." Hua Liqing said. She was already invisible, and Chen Xiang could not see where she was pointing. He could only turn around and look at the sky.

Sure enough, he soon saw a blue speck of light flying towards him from behind.

"That’s not a meteor. It looks like something is chasing us from behind ... It could have been something flying in our direction. " Chen Xiang said, then made the Six Realms mirrors stop. This way, they could hide even better.

The thing that was flying from behind was extremely fast, and not long later, Chen Xiang and Hua Liqing recognized what it was.

"It’s actually a Four-winged flamingo." Hua Liqing was very surprised, they had seen the Four-winged flamingo not long ago, and had seen it at a close distance, so they would not recognize it wrong.

"Why is this guy here?" Chen Xiang watched the Four-winged flamingo flying above them, but the Four-winged flamingo did not discover them. It could be seen that the Six Realms mirrors had a good ability of concealment.

"This is the Flame Mountain Sect’s Divine Bird. It might even be raised by the inner sect. Let’s follow and take a look." Hua Liqing said: "Can we follow them without being discovered?"

"Alright, I’ll try." Chen Xiang controlled the Six Realms mirrors to carefully fly up. Right now, he was maintaining a distance from the Four-winged flamingo, so it would not be discovered that easily.

The speed of the Four-winged flamingo was also very fast. Fortunately, the Six Realms mirrors had already been modified by Xiao Xianglin and had been refined using a few Tao-creation Divine Crystals.

"The Flying mantra is quite useful." Chen Xiang lamented, he previously thought that the Flying mantra was not very useful.

After flying with the Four-winged flamingo for an entire night, after daylight, the Four-winged flamingo’s speed slowed down. They saw a gigantic door in front of them, and over half of the gigantic door was shrouded in clouds and mist.

"That’s the gate." Hua Liqing said excitedly. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"The gate is guarded. It won’t be that easy to get in." Chen Xiang said: "We have to think of a way."

"Why don’t we discuss it with the big bird in front." Hua Liqing said.

"I’ll try." Chen Xiang had revealed a bit of his own Qi, allowing the Four-winged flamingo to feel that the beasts were very sensitive towards auras. Thus, the remaining people felt that if the Four-winged flamingo discovered him, it would definitely make a move.

Sure enough, the Four-winged flamingo sensed the sliver of Qi he was releasing, and immediately turned around and flew over.

Chen Xiang withdrew his Counter Power, allowing them and the Six Realms mirrors to see through themselves. The Four-winged flamingo s were only at the Peak of World Defying magic realm level, while Chen Xiang and Hua Liqing were at it, so they were naturally not afraid of being attacked by the Four-winged flamingo.

When the Four-winged flamingo saw that it was Chen Xiang, a blue light flashed as it transformed into a woman dressed in a long skirt. The Four-winged flamingo also transformed into a woman, with a very beautiful appearance, tall stature, and a cold and arrogant expression, with a pair of enchanting almond-shaped eyes. Her eyes were a light blue, and a weak blue light flickered in her eyes as she stared at Chen Xiang and Hua Liqing.

"It’s all of you." The woman was slightly surprised. She did not expect that humans could actually fly up here.

"Are the pills I refined still tasty?" Chen Xiang laughed.

"Hmph." The lady snorted, because at that time, Chen Xiang did not want to give her the pill.

From the last time the Four-winged flamingo landed on the roof of Separating Fire Dan Pavilion, Chen Xiang knew that although the woman in front of him looked noble and cold, she was actually an absolute glutton.

"Hello, I am Hua Liqing, this Alchemist is called Chen Xiang, the pill you ate at the top of the building last time is called Emotional heart Dan." Hua Liqing said softly with a sweet smile on his face.

"This guy didn’t want to give me the pill last time, so he thought I was easy to trick." The Four-winged flamingo had become a lady, and she had been brooding over this matter, causing Hua Liqing to laugh uncontrollably.

"I wonder what Miss’s name is." Hua Liqing asked with a smile.

"Feng Lanyi." She rolled her eyes at Chen Xiang who was smiling merrily.

"Miss Lan Yi, we can enter the Seven Mountains Divine Island." Hua Liqing asked.

"I’m afraid it won’t be that easy..." Feng Lanyi looked at the door, "Right now, entering and leaving Seven Mountains Divine Island is very strict. It’s not like how I could casually enter in the past."

"Is there any way?" Hua Liqing asked.

"The way to do that is to find the envoy of the island... Perhaps the seven Tao-creation Mountain Sects would need one proof to prove your identities, or else it would be difficult to pass through the big gate. " Feng Lanyi said.

"Big sister Lan Yi, why don’t you bring us in? Big sister Li Qing and I will enter the divine tool at my feet and then shrink. You just need to bring this divine tool through the door." Chen Xiang said: "If we are going to obtain that evidence, it will definitely cost a lot of the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals."

"No, I cannot do this, this is against the rules of the sect, I am an inner sect disciple of the Fire Mountain School, I absolutely cannot do this." Feng Lanyi’s arrogant and beautiful face was filled with seriousness.

"I’ll give you a Emotional heart Dan." Chen Xiang immediately said.