Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Feng Lanyi furrowed his brows, and said coldly: "If you don’t do it, it will be a violation of the sect’s rules."

"Two pills." Chen Xiang shouted.

"Alright." Feng Lanyi was speechless that Feng Lanyi would actually agree so straightforwardly.

However, Chen Xiang started to laugh. He knew that this kind of delicious fellow was easy to deal with, Long Xueyi had this kind of character.

"Give me Dan first." Feng Lanyi said.

"Not yet. How about we go in first? I’ll give it to you after I finish refining." Chen Xiang said: "Refining requires a bit of time."

"No, you must give it to me first. I can wait for you to finish refining it." Feng Lanyi’s expression was firm.

"Okay, wait for me."

Chen Xiang entered the Six Realms mirrors s, took out the Time array s, and entered the Time array s to quickly refine them into Emotional heart Dan s.

Right now, he had finally found a benefit of having the Four-winged flamingo, Feng Lanyi, work for him.

Chen Xiang stayed in the Time array for a long time and finally managed to refine two pills.

"Elder Brother Shen, we might be able to evolve this pill." Jiang Lisi the Young girl Danling suddenly said.

"Is this for real? I remember showing you the World Defying god-becoming Dan that was refined with World Defying Dan grain before. You said that it was not possible, but why is this pill possible?" Chen Xiang was a little doubtful.

"I don’t know either. I just feel that this pill can ..." Maybe it is because this pellet is purely attributed to energy, but the World Defying god-becoming Dan contains a lot of complex energy. " Jiang Lisi said with her charming voice.

"Alright, then how many pills do you need to take to evolve?" Chen Xiang thought that the Young girl Danling wouldn’t be able to evolve in the future, but he never thought that it would be possible again. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"Around five, no more than ten." Jiang Lisi said.

"En, once I enter the Seven Mountains Divine Island to stabilize, I will refine it for you to eat." Chen Xiang felt that the Emotional heart Dan was still very useful because it could attract fire type beasts like Feng Lanyi. Those who cultivated fire type energy might also like this pill a lot.

It had been more than a day since Chen Xiang came out of the Six Realms mirrors.

"I’ll give you one pill first. After we successfully ascend to the Seven Mountains Divine Island, I’ll give you the other one." Chen Xiang flicked his hand, allowing Feng Lanyi to see the two transparent Emotional heart Dan s in his palm.

"Alright." Feng Lanyi agreed and accepted the Emotional heart Dan’s pill. Then, she placed the pill into her beautiful little mouth and began to chew.

At this time, Chen Xiang also anxiously used his prideful power, if Feng Lanyi was being shameless, even if she had a beautiful face, Chen Xiang would definitely beat her up, the pills that lied to him would not end up in a good place.

"Hmph, you think I’m a scoundrel like you?" Feng Lanyi still remembered that when Chen Xiang lured her over, he immediately put away the Emotional heart Dan and didn’t want to give it to her to eat. When she thought about this matter, her stomach filled with anger.

"You guys can enter the God Equipment now, I’ll bring you guys in." Feng Lanyi said.

"Lan Yi, isn’t this breaking the sect’s rules? Will it affect you?" Hua Liqing asked.

"It’s fine, you don’t say it, I won’t say it, no one will know it, it’s fine even if you violate the rules of the sect once in a while." Feng Lanyi said casually. She had already eaten a pill and was addicted to it.

When Hua Liqing and Chen Xiang entered the Six Realms mirrors s, Chen Xiang turned the Six Realms mirrors into a small stone and held it in his hands.

After Feng Lanyi grabbed onto the Six Realms mirrors, he flew towards the huge door. She landed in front of the door and took out a bronze tablet with seven kinds of strange inscriptions on it, then she could easily pass through the barrier around the huge door. There was no one guarding this door, and only by holding onto the bronze badge, would one be able to pass through.

After passing through, Feng Lanyi didn’t fly around everywhere. Instead, he quickly sprinted and entered a dense forest, then said to the Six Realms mirrors in a low voice: "You can come out now, it’s safe now."

Chen Xiang brought Hua Liqing out of the Six Realms mirrors.

"You’re not allowed to fly around here. It’s very tight, and once you do, you’ll be shot down." Feng Lanyi returned the Six Realms mirrors to Chen Xiang, then extended his hand and said: "The other pellet."

"Here." Chen Xiang handed over the Emotional heart Dan. Just like before, it was immediately eaten by her.

"Only the Alchemist of our Flame Mountain Sect would have such a pill like this when using a Flying Dan grain. How did you grasp it?" Feng Lanyi ate a total of three pills before he was sure that there were Flying Dan grain s inside.

"I learned it by accident." Chen Xiang said.

"There’s absolutely no surprise with that. Flying Dan grain s are not easily spread out. Even if they are, I still know of people who have studied them. I have been in the inner sect for such a long time, I know very well." Feng Lanyi was very curious about this.

"It was Yan Jiu who brought me to a cave to learn it. Yan Jiu didn’t learn it himself, but I did." Chen Xiang said: "You should know Senior Yan Jiu."

"I know him, but he doesn’t know me. If that’s really the case, then it’s not strange. Within the inner sect, he knows several of the most important Alchemist s." Feng Lanyi said.

"Sister Lan Yi, do you still want to eat that kind of pill in the future?" Chen Xiang chuckled.

"If you have something to say, just say it." Of course, Feng Lanyi wanted to eat it, otherwise she would not have violated the sect rules and brought Chen Xiang and her in.

"I have nothing to do now, so when I need your help in the future, we can work together." Chen Xiang laughed: "I am also a Alchemist who will not come out ... If you cooperate with me, you definitely won’t lose out. "

Chen Xiang guessed that although Feng Lanyi was a member of the inner sect of the Fire Mountain School, her position was definitely not high. Otherwise, she would not have been sent flying all over the Sparkling Fire City.

Hua Liqing had seen through this point. If they wanted to expand here in the future, they would need helpers, and she felt that Feng Lanyi was a good helper.

"Alright, I want to return to the sect first. You guys wait for me at Fighting Glorious City." Feng Lanyi handed over a blue jade talisman to Hua Liqing and said, "I’ll be able to contact you when I head to Fighting Glorious City."

Feng Lanyi left in a hurry, and should be returning to report. She had been sent to Sparkling Fire City for a period of time, and had even waited outside the barrier for Chen Xiang for a day and a half.

"This kind of Communication jade Symbol paper can only be used in one city." Chen Xiang asked.

"En, let’s go to the Fighting Glorious City first. This is an ancient city, where the fighting is the most important. Many strong warriors would like to fight and kill on the arena inside." Hua Liqing had been here in the Seven Mountains Divine Island since he was young, so he knew where the Fighting Glorious City was.