Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

After Hua Liqing determined the direction of the Fighting Glorious City, he released a white ox. Then, he rode on it together with Chen Xiang and let the white bull run wildly.

"How about we fly over? Flying at a low altitude shouldn’t be a problem." When Chen Xiang saw how the White Bull ran so slowly, he became a little impatient.

"Not even low altitude flight." Hua Liqing said.

"Why can’t I? I’m not in the city right now, I’m in the wilderness." Chen Xiang felt that the rules of the Seven Mountains Divine Island were unreasonable, and that no one was allowed to fly around in the wild.

"This rule has been in place for a long time. I heard that once you fly, you will trigger some sort of formation here." Hua Liqing said: "You should know, on this Tao-creation Place, the higher one flies, the more energy they would consume. Without the Flying mantra, it is difficult to fly."

"Yes, my Six Realms mirrors consumed two Tao-creation s as soon as she flew over." Right now, Chen Xiang felt more and more that the powerful Divine Bird Feng Lanyi was actually able to very easily fly up to him.

"That’s right, the reason why flying is restricted here is because we are worried about the energy in this island being disturbed by the powerful Flying mantra. After all, this island is already flying very high." Hua Liqing replied, "In short, my parents told me this. If you were to fly, it would be very easy for you to attract a group of black-armored people."

"Alright, then I’ll just honestly run over." Chen Xiang sighed.

The White Bull’s speed was actually already very fast, but Chen Xiang felt that it wasn’t as fast as the Six Realms mirrors.

A day later, Chen Xiang saw the big city gate of the Fighting Glorious City. At the city gate, there were huge swords and sabers intersected, and around the gate, there were also a large number of different kinds of huge weapons.

After Hua Liqing handed in the two Tao-creation Holy stone s, they could enter the city. When entering, the guard had told them many rules: they could only fight in the arena, not ride on horses on the streets, not fly.

The last time I came here, I was only at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage. It’s been many years already, and nothing has changed here. Hua Liqing had observed the cultivation levels of the people here the entire way, she found that there were quite a few of them at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage.

Although it was difficult to get to the Seven Mountains Divine Island, it had already existed for many years. There were many people on the island, and as time passed, more and more people came.

Hua Liqing was born and bred here, but there were fewer and fewer people who came to the Seven Mountains Divine Island from other places. Most of the people here were aboriginals, and these aboriginals were all disciples of the Sects from Seven Mountains.

Hua Liqing saw that there were a lot of people at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage, and was secretly happy, because Chen Xiang’s World Defying god-becoming Dan had a huge market here, and could easily be sold.

"Sister Li Qing, can Wood Mountain Sect really not reach here?" Chen Xiang was still a little worried, because all of the things here were constructed by the various big sects of the Seven Mountains, including the Wood Mountain Sect.

"The Seven Mountains Divine Island has already nurtured some strong powers, to be able to stand at the same level as the Sects from Seven Mountains, so we can rest assured that this place is not under the Sects from Seven Mountains’s control." Hua Liqing said.

"Alright." Chen Xiang also realized that there were a lot of people at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage, his World Defying god-becoming Dan could truly be sold here, at that time, he would definitely be able to earn a lot of Tao-creation Holy stone.

"Actually, Fighting Glorious City is a pretty good city. Everyone who come here want to rely on their own strength to go to the arena to win some money." Hua Liqing said: "So the people here all desire to raise their strength. Only by doing this can we earn more Tao-creation Holy stone."

"Is there anyone at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage fighting in the arena here?" Chen Xiang’s eyes lit up.

"Of course there is. Most of the people who often win are very rich, and they also wish to break through as soon as possible, so when that time comes, you must sell your World Defying god-becoming Dan for a bit more." Hua Liqing revealed a sly smile.

"Sell it for a bit more, twenty Tao-creation Holy stone s per pellet." Chen Xiang previously sold them at ten Tao-creation s for one Holy stone each.

"Twenty, it’s too cheap. I have to sell it for at least a hundred Tao-creation Holy stone."

The price that Hua Liqing mentioned startled Chen Xiang. A hundred Tao-creation Holy stone.

"Could it be that in this Seven Mountains Divine Island, there are no pills that can allow people to quickly step into the World Defying Stage Divine Rank?" Chen Xiang asked in shock.

"If there was, the Wood Mountain Sect would not have wholeheartedly wanted to snatch your World Defying god-becoming Dan’s pill formulas. If they could obtain it, they could refine and sell it here." Hua Liqing said: "There are many types of pills that can help a person break through to the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, and the fastest will require one to consume at least fifty pills, and the fastest time to refine each pill is twenty days, and for some people, it would take at least a month, and it would take a very long time."

"How much does this pill usually sell for?" Chen Xiang asked.

"One or two Tao-creation Holy stone. This is the fastest kind of pill, if you’re slow, one Tao-creation Holy stone can buy several of these." Hua Liqing said: "That’s why selling a hundred Tao-creation Holy stone is not expensive at all.

"I sold so many previously and all of them were ten Tao-creation Holy stone s. I really lost out." When Chen Xiang thought about this, his heart secretly throbbed with pain.

"You probably don’t know why you want to use Tao-creation’s Evil Mountain as your Seven Mountains Divine Island ... The main reason is that the Tao-creation Evil Mountain contains a large amount of Tao-creation Holy stone and Tao-creation Divine Crystals. " Hua Liqing said: "So the people above Seven Mountains Divine Island have a large number of Tao-creation Holy stone."

"Did you get all this from the Tao-creation Ancient Place?" Chen Xiang felt that he did not need to go to the Tao-creation Ancient Place to search for the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals, he could just directly refine pills and sell them.

"Yes, other than the Tao-creation Ancient Place, there are also some buried deep underground, so there is a need to dig more." Hua Liqing said: "If we reach the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, then we would need a large number of Tao-creation s to set up a formation for our own cultivation, otherwise there wouldn’t be any improvements at all.

If Chen Xiang managed to break through, he would be considered a World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. This realm was extremely far for many people in the Peak of World Defying magic realm, even though the difference seemed like it was only a realm away from them.

Hua Liqing and Chen Xiang were searching for a transfer shop on the street. She didn’t need them to be big, she only needed to have a quiet backyard. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

After searching for two days, Hua Liqing finally found a shop that was satisfied. This shop originally sold weapons, but because the business was not good, it was transferred to another shop.

Hua Liqing used three Tao-creation Divine Crystals to buy the shop. What made her most satisfied was the huge garden house at the back, with more than ten rooms, and a few deep secret rooms. The shop had a total of three facades, and it wasn’t too big, they only sold a few pills from time to time, thus it was enough.

"Sister Li Qing, after the World Defying god-becoming Dan is carved, it can let a person reach the intermediate stage from the early stage of World Defying Stage Divine Rank. Eating another pellet will allow them to reach the late stage. Chen Xiang was just curious about the price, he couldn’t sell it, because there were Flying Dan grain carved on there. This Flying Dan grain was created by a Alchemist.