Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang himself was from the Peak of World Defying magic realm, and he had also fought many fierce battles, but he had rarely seen any battles involving other Peak of World Defying magic realm s.

"Alright, let’s go take a look." Chen Xiang said.

Feng Lanyi and Hua Liqing were both peerlessly beautiful. In order to not draw attention to themselves, they all dressed up simply, wearing veils and bamboo hats, not revealing their faces.

Chen Xiang and Hua Liqing followed behind Feng Lanyi as they headed towards the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum.

"If you win, you can obtain ten Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals. Who gave you the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals?" Chen Xiang asked as he walked along the road.

Ten Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals was a huge sum. After all these years, Hua Liqing had only earned this much, and as long as he could win one battle, he would be able to obtain ten Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals. Thinking about it, Chen Xiang had the urge to participate.

"The employer gave it to you, the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum was created by a few powerhouses, you have to pay the entrance fee to enter the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum, it is not low at all, the total capacity of the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum is one million people, the minimum fee is ten Tao-creation Holy stone." Feng Lanyi said.

"A good spot is more expensive." Hua Liqing said: "There are a lot of people here that are not Peak of World Defying magic realm s, but the people gathered in this city are very warlike, so they are all willing to spend their Tao-creation s to watch the battle."

"If you can win often in the arena, you’ll be very famous. Some people just go there for those wargods." Feng Lanyi looked at the person in front of him: "World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum must be very lively right now."

"Then can we still enter?" Chen Xiang said: "So that means we won’t be able to enter."

"I know someone in World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum. I’ve already contacted her and asked her to keep three seats for me." Feng Lanyi said. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"That’s good." Chen Xiang laughed.

There were many people outside the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum, and none of them could buy an entrance token. They could only watch from the outside of the arena as the gigantic crystal screen appeared.

Chen Xiang stood outside the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum, and heard the sounds of cheers and roars coming from inside, and this World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum was also like a huge city, surrounded by a tall and thick huge wall.

The person that Feng Lanyi recognized was an old lady, she quietly gave Feng Lanyi three wooden plates and Feng Lanyi also gave her fifty Tao-creation Holy stone, which were not for free.

Chen Xiang and the other two held onto wooden tablets, smoothly passed through the gate, and entered the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum. Then, they searched for their positions according to the numbers on the wooden tablet.

World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum was very big, surrounded by a circle, there were many levels of stairs surrounding it, the steps were filled with people, but they did not feel crowded.

Chen Xiang and the others had already reached their own seats, they were at the back, and were very tall, but with their eyesight, they could clearly see the battle arena in the distance.

The battle arena was thousands of feet wide and was covered in dense enchantments. Last time, because the enchantment was broken, the battle arena was completely destroyed. Fortunately, an expert had turned the tide and blocked the explosion, otherwise it would have caused a large number of casualties.

"This Fighting Glorious City has gathered many battle maniacs." Fortunately, the majority of the battle maniacs were at the front, and the majority of the people at the back came to watch the show.

There were also some people who would bet at this time, whether they earned or lost.

"There are a total of more than a hundred teams in the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum. The bosses of these teams are all big shots of the Fighting Glorious City. I heard that there are ten bosses who built the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum, so no matter what, they will definitely not lose anything." Feng Lanyi was also quite familiar with the matters here.

"Even ten Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals are too little." Chen Xiang curled his lips. If there was more, he might have gone up to give it a try.

"This is a battle between two famous wargods, ten Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals is a lot for them." Feng Lanyi sighed, and said: "This is the way it is in this world. Some people can easily obtain a large amount of wealth, and some people can only get so little by risking their lives."

Ten Tao-creation Divine Crystals was a huge fortune to Feng Lanyi as well.

On the other hand, Chen Xiang didn’t think much of it, it was mainly because he knew how to refine pills, and he only needed to sell the pills to make a huge profit.

"The wargod has appeared" Feng Lanyi shouted.

The moment the War God came out, many people began to crazily shout. Their roars shook the heavens and were extremely lively.

"The one wearing the brown clothes was the Bloody Costume Fighting God. It was said that his clothes were originally white, but because he had lost too much blood during the battle, he had become like this due to his enemies’ blood and his own blood."

Chen Xiang looked carefully at the Bloody Costume Fighting God. It was a tall and big middle-aged man with a body of berserk Arrogant Morale.

"The other is Crazy Sword Fighting God." Feng Lanyi continued to explain to Chen Xiang, "Crazy Sword Fighting God is very strong. He was able to turn his hands and feet into swords ... In the battle, you can’t use Divine Weapons or Divine Weapons, nor can you use the power of space. Crazy Sword Fighting God was able to turn his own flesh and blood into Divine Weapons, this is permitted, and is not restricted. "

Chen Xiang nodded, he had seen this kind of person before, and he had killed quite a few of them.

"The two wargods look like middle-aged men. It seems like they don’t belong to the young people" Chen Xiang said.

Within the Peak of World Defying magic realm, those who were young and possessed appearances were mostly those who had fast breakthroughs. However, if they were unable to continue breaking through, they would age after a long period of time.

Right now, the two wargods should have been stuck in the Peak of World Defying magic realm for a very long time. Their strength should have been pretty good already, but they were still unable to break through.

"There are young and famous War Gods as well, but they rarely fight, and are also important War Gods in the hands of all big bosses ... This kind of powerful young man is called an Emperor level wargod, and the two below him are only trump cards.

"There are so many ways to fight in this arena." Chen Xiang laughed: "Looks like these two fellows are of equal strength, I wonder who will win."

"Last time, they were on par, so it’s hard to say." Feng Lanyi said.

"Boss Shen, who do you think will win?" Hua Liqing knew that Chen Xiang was a very good fighter.

"I still can’t judge. I don’t understand them at all. If they start fighting for a while, I might be able to see it." Chen Xiang laughed.

Although he rarely fought in the Peak of World Defying magic realm, he had a lot of experience and had a lot of battle experience.

For example, Hua Liqing, Feng Lanyi and many other people here, their cultivation were all extremely high when they were born, so when Chen Xiang looked young, his actual age could be compared to the many old people here.

Two War Gods appeared. After their admirers shouted, both sides started to prepare. Bloody Costume Fighting God took off his own blood clothes and Crazy Sword Fighting God also took off his clothes.

An old man then announced the start of the battle.