Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

The moment the battle started, both of Crazy Sword Fighting God’s arms suddenly flashed, transforming into two flying swords, flying out of his body, flying towards Bloody Costume Fighting God in the distance, like two balls of flickering golden light, they smashed towards Bloody Costume Fighting God. Read the full text of the latest chapter. Access to the latest chapter:

After Bloody Costume Fighting God’s body was struck, a golden light flashed and waves of Qi surged in all directions. The muffled sound of an explosion that was sealed within the enchantment resonated outwards.

Bloody Costume Fighting God was sent flying, but was not injured and landed firmly on the ground. The muscles and flesh on his upper body looked like they were made of a light gold crystal. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"That’s the Tao-creation’s Holy stone!" Chen Xiang shouted in a low voice: "This guy, refined his own body into a Tao-creation Holy stone."

"Yes, last time he only refined his arms into the Tao-creation’s Holy stone, but now he refined his body." Feng Lanyi frowned: "He only took a hundred years, his speed is too fast."

"His Tao-creation Holy stone looks like the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal." Hua Li Qing said in shock: "If he can break through in the future, his body might be able to evolve to the strength of the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal."

"So this is what training is like." Chen Xiang could be considered to have broadened his horizons. The Blood devil shark he had seen before was one that ate Tao-creation’s Holy stone, but it was only flesh that contained a little bit of Tao-creation’s Holy stone.

On the other hand, the Bloody Costume Fighting God was covered with Tao-creation Holy stone, as if they were people who had been refined using Tao-creation Holy stone.

Within the arena, shouts of surprise rang out one after another, especially from the worshippers of the Bloody Costume Fighting God. At this moment, all of them were shouting like madmen, pressuring the other worshippers of the Crazy Sword Fighting God to not dare to shout loudly.

Crazy Sword Fighting God’s face became heavy, he had previously fought with Bloody Costume Fighting God and at that time he had the upper hand, because he could turn his arms into swords. Although Bloody Costume Fighting God’s arms could transform into Tao-creation s, they were not as agile as his swords, and not as powerful as his swords.

Now that the Bloody Costume Fighting God had cultivated to the body of a Tao-creation Holy stone, it was difficult for his two swords to break through the Bloody Costume Fighting God’s defense.

"Is the battle going to end soon?" Hua Li Qing frowned and said: "It looks like they will be fighting for a long time!"

"No. The outcome of the battle will be decided in less than a hundred moves, the difference between the strong and the weak is huge. " Chen Xiang said.

"Who’s stronger and who’s weaker?" Feng Lanyi did not understand Chen Xiang’s words, because in her opinion, Bloody Costume Fighting God and Crazy Sword Fighting God were still evenly matched, with victory and defeat decided every hundred moves. It was hard for her to imagine, because within World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum, this kind of situation rarely happened, and usually, it would take a very long time.

"Bloody Costume Fighting God!" Chen Xiang said, "For the past hundred years, the Bloody Costume Fighting God must have had some sort of fortuitous encounter. To be able to quickly turn his body into a Tao-creation Holy stone, requires a large amount of resources.

"Don’t ignore the fact that the strongest point of the Bloody Costume Fighting God is his body that has turned into a Tao-creation Holy stone ..."

"In battle, Tao-creation Holy stone cannot be used." Feng Lanyi said: "So even if he has the body of a Tao-creation Holy stone, he definitely cannot suppress Crazy Sword Fighting God."

Hua Li Qing also nodded.

"You don’t understand what I mean." Chen Xiang laughed: "For Bloody Costume Fighting God to be able to cultivate such a body in such a short period of time, there are two possibilities, one is to obtain a large amount of resources! However, looking at his personal situation, it is impossible for him to have such a large amount of resources, and the boss behind him would also not give it to him. "

"What I mean is, for Bloody Costume Fighting God’s body to become like this, it is because of a change in his body. He ’figured out’ a path to cultivate it himself, it is a kind of breakthrough that can allow him to become stronger quickly! If my guess is not wrong, this is his last battle. " Chen Xiang said.

Feng Lanyi and Hua Li Qing listened carefully.

"Bloody Costume Fighting God is about to enter the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank!" Chen Xiang said: "He forcefully suppressed his cultivation, just so that he could win here ... At the same time, it also allowed him to condense even stronger powers, and caused the Tao-creation s on his body to become crystals. "

Chen Xiang often would refine pills, so he was very clear on the process of evolution, which was why he was certain to win.

Crazy Sword Fighting God had already exchanged more than thirty moves with him, so he was unable to gain any benefits at all. This was because the sword he was so proud of, was unable to break through his Bloody Costume Fighting God’s defenses.

"Bloody Costume Fighting God’s entire body has crystallized ... Nearing the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals, Crazy Sword Fighting God’s swords were only the Tao-creation’s Holy stone, the difference is too huge. " Chen Xiang shook his head.

Every time he released his sword, Bloody Costume Fighting God would always send it flying with his fist. Even if he were to occasionally hit Bloody Costume Fighting God, it would only make a loud sound, and would never be able to harm Bloody Costume Fighting God at all.

"Bloody Costume Fighting God’s weakness is its speed. Maybe it’s because his body is too heavy, but that’s because it’s compressed by a large number of Tao-creation Holy stone, it’s as heavy as a mountain." Chen Xiang said.

Although the speed of the Bloody Costume Fighting God was not as fast as the Crazy Sword Fighting God’s, he had tried to grab onto the flying swords of the Crazy Sword Fighting God several times but to no avail. In the end, he could only use his fist to ’randomly’ hit it, only then would he be able to hit it.

Suddenly, Bloody Costume Fighting God Wu’s hands grabbed onto Crazy Sword Fighting God’s sword. Then, the Bloody Costume Fighting God laughed out loud and broke the sword. After it was broken, the sword turned into a bloody broken arm and landed on the ground.

Crazy Sword Fighting God’s face was ugly, his face was filled with pain, one of his arms had been ’destroyed’, his vitality was greatly injured! He did not expect that in a hundred years, the Bloody Costume Fighting God would break through so quickly, and already surpass him by far.

When the Bloody Costume Fighting God saw the fear on his opponent’s face, he knew that he was going to win. His body suddenly flashed with a strong gold light, producing a force to push his clumsy body forward, directly smashing into the Crazy Sword Fighting God.

Crazy Sword Fighting God did not expect Bloody Costume Fighting God to suddenly release most of the energy in his body just to push his body forward and crash into him.

The Crazy Sword Fighting God was smashed into the ground by the Bloody Costume Fighting God and suppressed. The following scene caused everyone’s scalps to go numb.

The noisy battle arena instantly became silent. The great battle that they had been waiting for a long time, was not as fierce as before. Furthermore, it quickly ended.

Crazy Sword Fighting God was defeated, but he was also dead.

"This fellow has been fighting here for so long, it should be over by now. After he enters the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, he must be a very terrifying existence." Chen Xiang sighed.

At the same time, shouts could be heard from the arena. Although the battle was not intense, Bloody Costume Fighting God being so powerful was still shocking, and many people could tell that the Bloody Costume Fighting God was about to break through.

"Bloody Costume Fighting God, do you still want to accept the challenge? If our Emperor War God wants to challenge you, as long as you win, you will be able to obtain a thousand Tao-creation Divine Crystals. " A man’s voice sounded.

These words came from the boss of the Crazy Sword Fighting God, he was unhappy that the Crazy Sword Fighting God was dead, so he wanted to take it back!