Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

The Emperor War God was about to fight. Everyone thought it would end like this, they didn’t think there would be another one!

A thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals, this was simply a huge fortune. Even Chen Xiang was moved by this, if he could obtain it, it would be more than enough for him! He could not use the Tao-creation’s incantation and the spatial power of the Divine Weapon. He did not have much confidence in defeating a fellow like the Bloody Costume Fighting God, unless he risked his life.

79-

"The owner of the Crazy Sword Fighting God is indeed rich, he asked for a thousand Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals." Feng Lanyi sighed: "I wanted to go up, but unfortunately I don’t have the strength!"

"Emperor War God? Let him come out, I will tear him to shreds! " Bloody Costume Fighting God laughed crazily.

"If you lose, if you are still alive, you will have to be my slave for a hundred thousand years, how about that?" The boss behind the scenes said again.

"No problem. Let your Emperor God of War come out. I’ve wanted to see them for a long time. I heard they look down on people very much." Bloody Costume Fighting God shouted.

Bloody Costume Fighting God was already on the verge of a breakthrough. His body’s cultivation level was so terrifying, that’s why he felt that no one in the Peak of World Defying magic realm could match him.

After the battle arena enchantment was removed, a green light fell from the sky and landed on the battle arena.

A handsome man dressed in green looked at Bloody Costume Fighting God with cold arrogance and a pair of cold, emotionless eyes.

"Azure Dragon Fighting God!" Feng Lanyi saw the light robed man, and her expression was terrified, as if she was afraid of him.

"Azure Dragon?" Chen Xiang saw Feng Lanyi’s expression and hastily said: "Lan Yi, this guy can cultivate World Defying Green dragon?"

Feng Lanyi nodded, and her expression became serious: "I’m very afraid of him ... This kind of guy really likes capturing beasts like me. If it’s a mother, then she will become his female slave. If it’s a male, then he will feed the Azure Dragon.

I have met him once before. Even though I am from the Yan Mountain Sect, he still acted against me.

"Looks like this guy is very powerful!" He should be the strongest in the Peak of World Defying magic realm. He should be able to enter the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank at any time, but why has he not broken through yet? " Chen Xiang felt very suspicious. Someone like the Bloody Costume Fighting God could make a breakthrough at any time.

"There’s a reason for this. It’s mainly because he has an Azure Dragon. He will let the Azure Dragon break through first, that’s why he made the breakthrough himself ... Therefore, there are rumors saying that all of the God of War emperors have cultivated World Defying beast, and these World Defying beast have already stepped into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. " Feng Lanyi said. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Chen Xiang himself cultivated there, but he would usually breakthrough at the same time. If the Red fire dragon made a breakthrough first, it would become more dangerous for him, and he would not be able to control it easily.

"If that’s really the case, it only means that their cultivation of World Defying beast isn’t deep enough." Chen Xiang said. Since the World Defying beast had no effect on their master after entering the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, it could only mean that the World Defying beast was very weak.

Just as Feng Lanyi wanted to ask, the battle began!

His claws were extremely sharp and sharp, and upon seeing the Green dragon claw, Chen Xiang was sure that he had trained in the Azure Dragon.

"This guy ..." It’s really strong! " Chen Xiang frowned, although the Azure Dragon Fighting God’s green dragon cultivation was not deep enough, but since he had already entered the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, his strength must be extremely terrifying.

The Bloody Costume Fighting God was very slow, he was very confident in his own defense, so he wasn’t afraid at all.

After releasing the dragon claw, Azure Dragon Fighting God flew over like a streak of cyan light and instantly used the huge green dragon to pinch Bloody Costume Fighting God’s throat.

Bloody Costume Fighting God did not seem to care, he immediately waved his fist, and just as he was about to hit Azure Dragon Fighting God, a burst of lightning burst out from Azure Dragon Fighting God’s body.

Countless bolts of lightning shot out from Azure Dragon Fighting God’s body, filling the entire arena like claws or fangs. If not for the barrier, the entire city would have been covered up by the lightning. It was extremely terrifying.

The most surprising thing was that Azure Dragon Fighting God poured a terrifying amount of lightning power into his body, causing his body to tremble continuously, twitching when he was hit by the strong electric currents.

Even if he had the body of a Tao-creation Holy stone, he would still find it difficult to resist the power of the lightning!

The lightning power of the Azure Dragon Fighting God not only poured into the Bloody Costume Fighting God’s body, but also into the Bloody Costume Fighting God’s body.

At this time, Bloody Costume Fighting God could only howl in pain. He had just torn Crazy Sword Fighting God into pieces and displayed an extremely terrifying strength, but now, he was powerless to retaliate against Azure Dragon Fighting God’s lightning bolts, and had his throat gripped tightly.

"The green dragon that this fellow cultivates should be in the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, otherwise, without using the Tao-creation’s incantation, it would be difficult to break through the body of the Bloody Costume Fighting God." Chen Xiang was very sure: "This should be unfair, but the boss had tacitly agreed."

"They are concealing the unique aura of the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank." Feng Lanyi nodded, and agreed with Chen Xiang: "They still want some face, so they need to cover it up."

Bloody Costume Fighting God was electrocuted to the point of kneeling on the ground, he had already shouted that he would lose, otherwise he would have been ’killed’.

He could still live while begging for forgiveness, but he had to be a slave for a hundred thousand years. Bloody Costume Fighting God was about to step into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, a hundred thousand years was nothing to him, so he chose to admit defeat.

The boss was very satisfied. Although the Crazy Sword Fighting God had died, he had obtained a very powerful slave!

The Azure Dragon Fighting God’s cold eyes swept across his surroundings, then looked at Feng Lanyi who was seated far away. This caused Feng Lanyi’s delicate body to tremble, and that frightening might of a dragon, was not only something that Feng Lanyi felt fear, even Hua Li and the rest of the people in this region felt that it was frightening.

Without the protection of the enchantment, the Azure Dragon Fighting God’s presence could be felt. It was very scary.

Chen Xiang was right beside Feng Lanyi. He saw that Feng Lanyi was trembling and frowning, the Red fire dragon in his body released its Profound Spirit Qi, and Azure Dragon Fighting God’s Azure Dragon Arrogant Morale was immediately shattered.

"Let’s go!" Chen Xiang pulled Feng Lanyi and Hua Li and quickly left the place.

Feng Lanyi was frightened just now, and he didn’t know what was going on ... She didn’t think that Azure Dragon Fighting God would be able to sense her and unrestrainedly threaten her with Arrogant Morale.

Because all along, he had always thought that the Azure Dragon he cultivated in was one of the strongest World Defying beast that could not be surpassed by anyone, and would at most be at the same level as him.

But just now, he felt the existence of an even stronger World Defying beast, causing him, the Azure Dragon in the Divine Sense Sea, to tremble in fear.

Hua Li Qing noticed something, and she could feel that the Arrogant Morale in the Azure Dragon Fighting God was instantly destroyed, as though someone had attacked. She too, did not know whether it was Chen Xiang.

After returning to the shop, Feng Lanyi heaved a long sigh of relief, "This guy is still thinking about me, hmph!"

"You need to hurry up and evolve. When the time comes, you don’t have to be afraid of him." Chen Xiang said, he was not afraid of the Azure Dragon Fighting God, as long as they did not fight in the arena, there were not many rules, he was confident in defeating the Azure Dragon Fighting God.