Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Hua Liqing comforted the frightened Feng Lanyi.

Chen Xiang just received a piece of good news. The good news came from the You Yao Mountain Villa, that the pill spirit had successfully evolved after eating the Emotional heart Dan, but the speed at which it formed would be slower, only able to condense one Emotional heart Dan per day.

At the very least, Chen Xiang did not need to go into closed door cultivation for so long to refine it.

"As expected, if the alchemy’s cultivation level increases, then it can smoothly evolve." Su Meiyao said.

Right now, Jiang Lisi wanted to practice the Twin Life Mysterious Technique with Jiang Sihua so that he could condense the Emotional heart Dan.

"Azure Dragon Fighting God knows that I’m in this city. I’m afraid there will be a lot of trouble in the future." Feng Lanyi said.

"He probably won’t dare to recklessly make a move in the city." Hua Liqing said: "In the cities above Seven Mountains Divine Island, it is very strict. If someone fights in the cities, the consequences will be severe."

"Yes, there are many powers in this Fighting Glorious City, and the boss behind the Azure Dragon Fighting God is one of them. If the Azure Dragon Fighting God were to mess around here, it will be caught." Feng Lanyi nodded.

It was because she was chased by the Azure Dragon Fighting God the last time, that she was terrified in her heart and wished to break through. This way, she would be able to obtain great strength as soon as possible and would no longer be afraid of the Azure Dragon Fighting God.

"Boss, little brother, next we are going to start selling the World Defying god-becoming Dan. Are you ready yet?" Hua Liqing said: "We might need a lot to start."

"Don’t worry about that." Right now, Chen Xiang was already very familiar with refining World Defying god-becoming Dan. He got Xiao Xianglin to make several pill furnaces for her in order for him to refine multiple pill furnaces at the same time.

"Alright, you can start concocting pills now. Leave this place to us." Hua Liqing said.

Chen Xiang entered the secret room, took out the Six Realms mirrors, and activated the Time Formation inside. He did not activate all of the Time Formation, but only part of the time curse was activated.

"Right now, I should be able to refine ten pills per month. I’ll stay in there for a hundred months, but I’ll only have two or one thousand pills." Chen Xiang calculated, estimated the time he had taken to refine the pill, and then began to refine.

In order to speed up the process of forming the Emotional heart Dan, the three little Core Souls took the opportunity to enter the Six Realms mirrors with Chen Xiang. They planned to condense a few hundred pellets in one go.

Jiang Simei and Jiang Sihua were born from Chen Xiang’s blood, so they were very close to Chen Xiang and they felt that they were connected to him through blood and flesh. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

To be able to chat and laugh with Chen Xiang, while they were condensing their pellets, they were also increasing their own cultivation. The only way for them to evolve better was to become stronger.

Jiang Lisi and Jiang Sihua left after condensing a thousand Emotional heart Dan. They only stayed inside for around three years, while Chen Xiang continued to refine pills.

Chen Xiang had concocted ten batches of pills at the same time, and he could also spare some of his energy to learn the Tao-creation’s incantations. It was extremely important for him to master all of the Tao-creation’s incantations, which would help him master the World Defying Dan grain in the future.

After a day outside, Chen Xiang also came out from the Six Realms mirrors. He had already refined a thousand World Defying god-becoming Dan.

The moment Chen Xiang came out, he felt a wave of Arrogant Morale filled with hostility.

"Azure Dragon Fighting God, he actually found us here." Chen Xiang immediately ran out and saw Hua Liqing and Feng Lanyi in the empty shop, facing a large group of people, who were led by Azure Dragon Fighting God.

"Isn’t this Azure Dragon Fighting God?" Chen Xiang saw that the atmosphere was tense, he immediately walked over with a smile: "I’m sorry, I just opened it, there are no tables and chairs here. You can sit on the ground and do whatever you want.

Chen Xiang laughed with a face full of smiles, causing Azure Dragon Fighting God’s expression to sink, but Chen Xiang still did not withdraw it.

"Sit down, what are you waiting for?" Chen Xiang pointed to the floor, telling them to sit.

Hua Liqing and Feng Lanyi also did not expect Chen Xiang to be that reckless. Just now, they and Azure Dragon Fighting God had a fierce argument.

"Who are you?" Azure Dragon Fighting God coldly asked, he knew that the person who was smiling mischievously was the person who instantly destroyed his Azure Dragon Arrogant Morale.

"I’m just a nobody. You wouldn’t know me even if I told you." Chen Xiang laughed: "I wonder why Azure Dragon Fighting God is here."

As Chen Xiang said that, he sat on the ground with his back against a wall, grinning from head to toe.

"There’s something wrong with your store. We’re just here to investigate." Azure Dragon Fighting God pretended to look around, "Because your shop might be hiding criminals that are wanted by Fighting Glorious City, we need to search for them for a period of time. As for when we need to search, we can’t be sure."

It was because of this that Hua Liqing and Feng Lanyi started to argue with the Azure Dragon Fighting God.

It was obvious that the Azure Dragon Fighting God was here to cause trouble. If he really agreed to it, then the shop would be bought for nothing.

"What if we don’t agree?" Chen Xiang asked with a smile.

"If you don’t agree, then you’re hindering our search for wanted criminals." Azure Dragon Fighting God sneered: "You can try."

"Then who gave you the right to come here looking for wanted criminals?" Chen Xiang asked again, the smile on his face had already disappeared, "Alright, you can leave now, there are no fugitives here for you guys to find."

A middle-aged man behind Azure Dragon Fighting God sneered: "We suspect that you guys have something here, so you have to cooperate with us and help us search for a while."

"Hurry up and get out. I don’t want to use violence. No matter what, I won’t let you search me." Chen Xiang waved his hand: "I have already obstructed you from finding the wanted criminals. If I don’t agree, you should search this place.

The people behind Azure Dragon Fighting God looked at each other, not knowing what to do next. It was clear that they were only putting on an act, and this Fighting Glorious City did not allow them to do as they pleased.

They thought that Chen Xiang and the others would be terrified, and would cooperate with their search. When the time came, they would easily find a fugitive to hide in here, and then frame Chen Xiang and the others.

Chen Xiang was able to see through such retarded schemes with a glance.

"Just wait and see." Azure Dragon Fighting God was extremely wary of Chen Xiang, because Chen Xiang could instantly destroy his Azure Dragon Arrogant Morale and because his cultivation was unknown, he did not dare to do anything rash.

Azure Dragon Fighting God and the others left very quickly, and there were many people watching from the outside. They wanted to know why Azure Dragon Fighting God would come to this shop.

"I knew they’d come looking for trouble." Feng Lanyi’s face revealed shame, because she felt that she was the one who had caused all of this.

"Eat this first, this is the Time array. After it is activated, it will be outside for a day, and inside for a hundred years. You have to hurry up and refine these Emotional heart Dan."

Chen Xiang passed Feng Lanyi a Time array and a Storage bag.