Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

There were a thousand Emotional heart Dan inside the Storage bag. Chen Xiang did not know if it was enough for Feng Lanyi to make a breakthrough, he could only confirm it after she had eaten all of them.

Even though he and Hua Liqing were both at the Peak of World Defying magic realm, they still had not been able to touch the feeling of a breakthrough. Furthermore, the Emotional heart Dan was not suitable for them to eat, so they could only let Feng Lanyi, a bird beast that could quickly evolve, have a breakthrough first.

Feng Lanyi could not believe that there were actually a thousand Emotional heart Dan inside that Storage bag, she knew the quality of Emotional heart Dan well, and it was engraved with Flying Dan grain. Even if there was a Time array, it definitely could not be refined that quickly.

In the inner sect of the Fire Mountain School, every year, there were only a total of ten or so Tao-creation Divine Pellets that condensed Flying Dan grain s. Therefore, the competition was extremely intense, she had only eaten one in all those years, and it was the one with the worst quality, the one that was made of trash, so she recognized the Flying Dan grain.

Chen Xiang immediately gave her a thousand pills, as if he was giving beans.

"It’s enough for me to break through. Who knows, I might still have some left." Feng Lanyi came back to reality and became more confident, quickly entering the secret room. Only by evolving to become a blue phoenix, would Chen Xiang and Hua Liqing be able to sell pills here happily.

After Feng Lanyi entered the secret room, Chen Xiang handed a thousand refined World Defying god-becoming Dan pills to Hua Liqing. Hua Liqing was also shocked, she had originally thought that Chen Xiang would only refine a hundred.

"We’ll wait for a few days. If Lan Yi is able to successfully evolve, then we’ll start selling pills." Chen Xiang said, as long as the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank was in charge, they had nothing to be afraid of.

"How many Emotional heart Dan did you give Lan Yi?" Hua Liqing took a deep breath. Just now, she had seen Feng Lanyi’s shocked expression, and Chen Xiang seemed to be filled with confidence.

"As many as the World Defying god-becoming Dan." Chen Xiang snickered.

"How did you do that? That’s where the World Defying Dan grain were carved." Hua Liqing was also shocked, this kind of thing was already beyond her imagination. To be able to take out a thousand of these kinds of pellets, just thinking about it made her feel terrified.

Because Flying Dan grain were carved on it, it could not be sold. Otherwise, Chen Xiang would very quickly be able to accumulate a large amount of wealth and would be able to command the wind and rain in the Fighting Glorious City.

"Sister Li Qing, close the door. I’m going out for a walk." Chen Xiang said.

The shop had a perfect defensive array, and no one dared to cause trouble on the streets, so Chen Xiang was not worried, if not Azure Dragon Fighting God and the rest would have already started a ruckus.

Hua Liqing also did not know where Chen Xiang was heading to. Just as he wanted to ask, Chen Xiang had already walked far away.

Chen Xiang originally did not have such plans, but Azure Dragon Fighting God and the rest were just too arrogant, that’s why he had the plan all of a sudden.

"I need to find a few better wargods. I want to form a team." Chen Xiang came to the outside of World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum, and started fighting inside. Because it was not a famous Martial Immortal fight, the fighting grounds inside were split into several different ones, and there were many battles at the same time.

Chen Xiang only used five Tao-creation s to buy the wooden signboard.

"I’m a bit short on cash right now, so I can only take a look at the market." Chen Xiang entered the arena and saw that there were many battles going on intensely below.

As long as they were Peak of World Defying magic realm’s people, they could sign up for the competition and choose to challenge the famous War Gods of various teams. As long as they defeated those War Gods, they would be awarded the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals.

Chen Xiang asked around and found out that it required at least five War Gods to form a team. There were a total of ten victories for the team members to become a part of World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum’s team and then they would have to wait for someone else to challenge them.

There were Wargods, teams, small teams, or even well-known teams that challenged teams.

"I have to find five wargods that are a bit stronger. Where are you going to find them?" Chen Xiang had a headache. This kind of War God must be someone like the Bloody Costume Fighting God, otherwise, he would be easily killed.

Chen Xiang thought about it again and again, but he still didn’t have a clue. These War Gods had to be trusted, and had great potential.

"Let’s go back first. Once Lan Yi evolves, this matter will be easy to handle." Chen Xiang left the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum and returned to the shop.

Hua Liqing had already started to prepare a plan to sell the World Defying god-becoming Dan. For example, how to attract people and prove the effectiveness of the World Defying god-becoming Dan. was not worried about these things.

At noon on the second day, an abnormal scorching Qi enveloped the courtyard at the back of the shop, causing Chen Xiang and Hua Liqing to be alarmed. They hurriedly came out of their rooms to take a look.

They just saw Feng Lanyi wearing a blue dress, her entire body releasing blue qi flames, that terrifying qi aura, without question, she had already evolved.

"Is this the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank?" Chen Xiang walked over with a smile. "Lan Yi, congratulations. You’ve stepped into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

"It’s all thanks to Boss Shen’s pills. I will never forget your kindness." Feng Lanyi handed over the Time array and the remaining two hundred or so Emotional heart Dan back to Chen Xiang.

"Is this the special Legendary gas of the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank?" Hua Liqing looked at Feng Lanyi’s body that was covered in blue mist and felt envious. Of course she also wanted to enter World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

"Yes, this is the Legendary gas. I just came out of it and I’m still not proficient enough to use it. In the future, I’ll have to figure it out myself." Feng Lanyi was very happy as he nodded and smiled.

"Lan Yi, you’d better conceal your presence. Azure Dragon Fighting God will come looking for trouble again. When the time comes, we’ll catch him off guard." Chen Xiang laughed.

With Feng Lanyi having a breakthrough, Hua Liqing would be able to sell her pills without worry. In the future, she would not need to worry about anyone disturbing her, as long as there were experts from the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank in charge, then she would be much more stable.

Hua Liqing immediately began to sell pills, Chen Xiang asked Xiang’er and Yu’er to come out and help him, while he and Feng Lanyi discussed about forming a team in the backyard.

Hua Liqing had already asked some people to spread the news that there were World Defying god-becoming Dan on the streets, and this could quickly attract a group of people who had nothing better to do, so all they needed to do was to prove that it was effective. Hua Liqing had even borrowed Chen Xiang’s Time array, and demonstrated it on the spot quickly. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

... ....

Feng Lanyi was very interested in the idea of Chen Xiang forming a team.

Sister Li Qing will be able to earn a large amount of Tao-creation Holy stone soon. At that time, we will also have sufficient resources to build a team. " Chen Xiang said, "If there is a World Defying Stage Legendary Rank like you as the boss behind the scenes that wants to rope in the War God, it should be relatively easy."

"Although Emotion-Opening Pills can earn you a lot of Tao-creation Holy stone, World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum only recognizes Tao-creation Holy Crystals. If the Tao-creation Holy Crystals aren’t enough, it would be difficult to recruit War Gods." Feng Lanyi said: "Moreover, teams always require a large amount of investment in the beginning, after the later stages of the competition to defeat the famous, only then would they be able to profit from War God’s spoils of war or the admission fee." This book came from 17K, so the first thing he did was to look at the original content!