Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had also thought about it before. There was another reason why he formed a team, which was to make his Battle God team eat the various pills he refined and then display different types of power. This would make his pills easier to sell and would sell for a higher price.

Feng Lanyi thought that it was pretty good that he had mentioned this idea, because she had broken through after eating Chen Xiang’s pill. If someone knew about this, they would definitely rush over to buy it.

If you really want to do this, you don’t need to create a team. If you want to join the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum, you will need to pay a huge price. Feng Lanyi said: "It would be better if we just find a few people who have potential and can trust them, and train them up, so that they can challenge those famous War Gods."

At the same time, we will let everyone know that we are a team, but we will not join the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum, so I do not need to pay the entrance fee. If you want to gain a lot of influence, you need to use your pill to be able to make people strong.

"That’s not a problem." Chen Xiang said, he had many strange ideas, especially when he saw Bloody Costume Fighting God’s Holy stone like body.

He felt that he could fuse the Tao-creation’s Holy stone and the medicinal ingredients into a medicinal pellet, allowing people to consume it to achieve the same effect. Or perhaps, he could extract the blood of a divine beast and fuse it with the medicinal ingredients to allow people to cultivate the power of the World Defying beast.

"Alright, I’ll do it right away. I’ll use my connections to find a suitable candidate." Feng Lanyi replied, "I will be back soon."

Feng Lanyi had already raised the price of the World Defying god-becoming Dan to one hundred and fifty of Tao-creation’s Holy stone, which was still very easy to sell. Occasionally, she would even auction a few, raising the price of the World Defying god-becoming Dan to a very high level.

There were already many people at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage in the first place, but after knowing that it was effective, they all rushed over. On the other hand, Hua Liqing only sold two hundred pills today, and at the same time, announced that he would need to wait another month for the next sale.

The World Defying god-becoming Dan soon spread throughout the city. One of them was a pill god, which made many pill shops shocked, because they had already sold two hundred, and the price was very high, so there was no need to question the effectiveness of this pill.

... ....

After Azure Dragon Fighting God heard about this, he frowned: "These few people, are actually Alchemist ... Feng Lanyi was definitely not it, and neither was it the man in charge of selling the pills, could it be that man? "

"That should be it, this man looks pretty strong, what is his background? World Defying god-becoming Dan, to be able to concoct such a pill, it is enough for them to establish a certain prestige in the Fighting Glorious City." A middle-aged man said.

War Emperor, we just received news. Feng Lanyi left the shop, I wonder what she’s going to do.

"Feng Lanyi is of too great use to me. As long as I eat her, I would be able to possess a body that is close to a World Defying beast’s." The Azure Dragon Fighting God clenched his fist tightly: "I haven’t been able to step into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank for long, it’s just that my physical body’s cultivation is not enough. Even though the Azure Dragon in my Divine Sense Sea has already stepped into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, it’s still just a soul, and needs to be compatible with my physical body to become stronger."

This was because Chen Xiang guessed wrongly, he had thought that Azure Dragon Fighting God would suppress his cultivation and not achieve a breakthrough.

"Then what do we do now? We can’t act recklessly in the Fighting Glorious City, there are many families and forces watching us." The middle-aged man said, "If we make a mistake, they will definitely get hold of something and find trouble with us."

The various battle squads in the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum were extremely intense, especially the main force in the battle teams like the Azure Dragon Fighting God, which many of the boss of the battle squads wanted to get rid of.

"Think of a way to capture Feng Lanyi ... Oh right, isn’t she from Fire Mountain School? Why did she join a shop now? Azure Dragon Fighting God walked around, feeling very frustrated.

"She just left the Fire Mountain School. She has nothing to do with the Fire Mountain School anymore." The middle-aged man said.

"Alright, you guys go contact the Fire Mountain School and ask them if there’s any way to move Feng Lanyi out of the city ... ... Or if they have any evidence against Feng Lanyi, I will give them a large reward. " The Azure Dragon Fighting God said.

"I’ll do it."

After the middle-aged man left, he quickly brought an old man. It was an old man from the Peak of World Defying magic realm.

"Lord War Emperor, this old mister is Elder Wang of the Fire Mountain School. He is in charge of managing some of the disciples of the Fire Mountain School and Feng Lanyi is included in this group of disciples."

Azure Dragon Fighting God’s eyes lit up, he anxiously asked: "Elder Wang, what method do you have to deal with Feng Lanyi, I need an honest reason."

"Yes, Feng Lanyi is a Four-winged flamingo. She has been carefully accumulating resources for many years ... She has secretly accumulated a lot of resources for herself, so our Fire Mountain School can say that she had stolen the resources of the Fire Mountain School. Elder Wang said: "If she is not willing, then we, the Fire Mountain School, will be able to apply to the Fighting Glorious City and forcefully capture Feng Lanyi. After we capture Feng Lanyi, we will bring her out of the city and at that time, we will be at the mercy of the Azure Dragon Fighting God." DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"We’ll do it right now. After we finish this, fifty Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals as compensation to Elder Wang." Azure Dragon Fighting God was very excited as he shouted.

... ....

Just as Feng Lanyi returned to the shop, Elder Wang brought a group of old men from the Fire Mountain School over.

"Feng Lanyi, even though you have already left the Fire Mountain School, we suspect that you have stolen our resources for many years, so we will bring you back to investigate." When Elder Wang entered the shop and saw Feng Lanyi, he shouted loudly.

Chen Xiang immediately looked outside and saw a middle-aged man who had a simple disguise on the other side of the street. The man’s eyes were hidden, and when he looked carefully, he could tell that this man had been to Azure Dragon Fighting God before.

"Troublemaker, please get out of our shop." Chen Xiang walked up and pushed with his strength. A burst of power rushed out and blew Elder Wang and the others out of the shop.

Everyone, these people claim that they are from the Fire Mountain School, and they are here to cause trouble. I just came to the Fighting Glorious City, and do not know how to deal with this kind of people. Chen Xiang said to the people outside. There were many people outside who wanted to buy World Defying god-becoming Dan.

"Send those who are causing trouble to the City Lord’s Mansion."

"For a person from the Fire Mountain School to do something like this, isn’t that just too cheap?"

"He is the Fire Mountain School’s Elder Wang, his position is not low at all. Haha, the Fire Mountain School’s inner court elder actually did such a thing. He is jealous of someone else’s store, come and cause trouble here."

"Arrest them and send them to the City Lord’s Mansion. Let the City Lord’s Mansion deal with them."

"I heard that Fighting Glorious City doesn’t have a good relationship with him, and likes to deal with him the most."

"If everyone can help to capture them and bring them to the City Lord’s Mansion, I, Shen Cui, will use the Time Formation to refine some World Defying god-becoming Dan for everyone. I will have them by tomorrow as soon as possible." Chen Xiang suddenly said.

The young man in front of them was actually the Alchemist of the two World Defying god-becoming Dan. After everyone was startled, they all shouted Master Shen, while Elder Wang’s face turned green. Now, a group of people surrounded them, preventing them from escaping.