Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

It was possible that the Fire Mountain School’s Elder Wang did not know how much influence Chen Xiang’s sale of the World Defying god-becoming Dan had, which was why the crowd was so enthusiastic.

Elder Wang and the others could not escape, while the people from City Lord’s Mansion rushed over, after understanding the situation, without saying a word, they brought Elder Wang and the others away.

After Chen Xiang, Hua Liqing and Feng Lanyi closed the shop’s door, they also went to City Lord’s Mansion because they wanted to investigate this matter.

Initially, Elder Wang did not do anything, but Chen Xiang pushed them out instead. However, a moment ago, many people exaggerated and said that Elder Wang was looking for trouble, causing his shop to not be able to operate normally.

The people of City Lord’s Mansion, especially after knowing that Elder Wang was from there, became more enthusiastic and escorted Elder Wang and the others back to City Lord’s Mansion.

This was completely different from what he had expected. He thought that it would be just as he had expected, the ones to bring Feng Lanyi out of the city, on the contrary, it was them who were escorted back to City Lord’s Mansion.

Chen Xiang knew that the Azure Dragon Fighting God was behind this. He had already seen the people from the Azure Dragon Fighting God.

It was already the second time Azure Dragon Fighting God had come looking for trouble with them, there would definitely be a third time. Chen Xiang planned to retaliate against Azure Dragon Fighting God after this matter ends, he could not just sit still and wait for death.

City Lord was a middle-aged man named Yang Genming, with a hint of a Legendary gas, which meant that he was a member of World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, and had extremely strong power.

Yang Genming had a gentle smile on his face as he quickly made Chen Xiang and the others sit down. However, Elder Wang and the others were standing in the middle of the hall, with a few black armored guards trying to keep an eye on them.

"Boss Shen, right? You can refine a World Defying god-becoming Dan at such a young age, this is really rare. You opening a shop in the Fighting Glorious City is really a blessing for us." Yang Genming laughed.

"The reason we are opening our stores in the Fighting Glorious City is because we see the Fighting Glorious City as a safe city, so we do not need to worry about anyone making trouble. Even if there are people making trouble, the City Lord’s Mansion will help us make decisions. Chen Xiang replied with a smile.

"That’s what we should do." Yang Genming looked at Elder Wang, and his expression became serious: "Have any of you barged into Boss Shen’s shop."

When Yang Genming asked this question, the powerful Legendary gas overflowed and enveloped Elder Wang and the others, causing them to tremble uncontrollably.

"We... We are only here on the orders of the Fire Mountain School to bring Feng Lanyi back to investigate. We are not ... "It’s not a disturbance." Elder Wang trembled.

Why didn’t you inform our City Lord’s Mansion first? Our Fighting Glorious City and the various large sects have an agreement so if you want to bring the people away from Fighting Glorious City, you must first communicate with our City Lord’s Mansion.

Yang Genming shouted coldly, and was extremely furious: "All these years, your Fire Mountain School has also brought a few people away from the Fighting Glorious City, and they have all come to the City Lord’s Mansion to report. Fire Mountain School is definitely aware of this rule, but you did not follow it. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Although he did not bring anyone away, but he did have the intention to do so, as long as his actions have the possibility of causing a conflict, that would be breaking the rules of the Fighting Glorious City.

"Take them away, imprison them for ten thousand years, and declare the city as well." Yang Genming waved his hand, ordering his men to bring Elder Wang and the few pale-faced people away.

Chen Xiang was very satisfied with the treatment given to him by the City Lord, and immediately thanked him.

"No need to be polite, Boss Shen. Maintaining order in Fighting Glorious City is my duty." Yang Genming laughed.

In order to express his thanks, Chen Xiang gave ten World Defying god-becoming Dan s. No matter what, this City Lord made him feel that it was good.

Yang Genming did not refuse and accepted it with a smile. Among his City Lord’s Mansion, there were many who were at the peak of the Aoshi Holy Stage. Eating this pill would allow them to step into the World Defying Stage Divine Rank and increase his power a little.

"I wonder if Boss Shen has any godly pills with magical effects other than this one." Although Yang Genming still did not know Chen Xiang’s background, he felt that Chen Xiang was not bad and was someone to befriend.

Hua Liqing and Feng Lanyi were just watching by the side. They did not expect that Chen Xiang would be so familiar with such situations.

"Yes there is, but ..." It’s just that that kind of dan is more likely to cause a dispute. " Chen Xiang chuckled: "You know that."

"I understand, I understand..." Yang Genming hurriedly nodded, and then asked doubtfully: "What kind of effects will that pill have? If its effects are not bad ... It’s nothing to cause a dispute. "

For Yang Genming to be able to become the City Lord, he was an elite. For a Alchemist like Chen Xiang, who could concoct miraculous pills, the first thing he needed to do was to get on good terms with him. Therefore, at this moment, he was extremely enthusiastic.

"Well... This kind of pill has a lot of power, so it will take a lot of time and effort. " Chen Xiang said, but he did not directly say what effect it had.

"This is normal. The better the pill, the longer the forging takes. Even though I don’t know how to forge pills, I still know this." Yang Genming’s heart itched. He really wanted to know what effect that pill had.

"Boss Shen, how about this? If the effects of this pill are good, you can provide it to me alone. I will keep it a secret and we can discuss the price." Yang Genming said.

"This pill of mine is also a World Defying god-becoming Dan, but it’s of an even higher grade. The pill I gave you just now is a low rank World Defying god-becoming Dan, capable of allowing a person to advance from the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage to the World Defying Stage Divine Rank.

"As for mid-grade World Defying god-becoming Dan, they can help a person advance from the early to mid stage of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, and for high-grade World Defying god-becoming Dan, they can help a person advance from the middle stage of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank to late stage."

Feng Lanyi was not surprised at all by the effects of Chen Xiang’s words, because the Emotional heart Dan she ate was even more powerful, able to allow her to step into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank from the Peak of World Defying magic realm.

After Yang Genming heard this, he sucked in a small breath before frowning and asking in a low voice, "Have you joined the World Defying Dan grain?"

Chen Xiang nodded.

Normally, it was very difficult for Yang Genming to even see such a person. This kind of Alchemist was usually very willful, and even amongst the various large sects, sects and powers, it was not that easy to see him.

And now, there was one in front of him. Although he was a little young, he had a good character and did not put on airs. He was unlike those old Alchemist who were so arrogant.

"That World Defying Dan grain should not be owned by Boss Shen himself, right?" Yang Genming asked in a low voice.

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "It’s not mine, it’s also a place that will easily lead to arguments."

Yang Genming was now certain that Chen Xiang’s World Defying Dan grain had secretly learned from someone else. Without anyone to guide it, it was possible to comprehend it for oneself.

"City Lord, Fire Mountain School’s people are here, Azure Dragon Fighting God is also here." Someone suddenly whispered outside.