Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang was not surprised at all with the arrival of the Azure Dragon Fighting God.

After Yang Genming heard it, he rolled his eyes and said to the people outside: "Tell them, I don’t have time in the next few days, tell them to come back next time."

City Lord’s Mansion was considered quite a strong force within the Fighting Glorious City, and the relationship between City Lord’s Mansion and him was never very good. Furthermore, Azure Dragon Fighting God was only a thug, so Yang Genming did not put him in his eyes at all.

"City Lord, you probably don’t know the reason why Fire Mountain School’s Elder Wang has come to make trouble." Chen Xiang said: "This Miss Feng Lanyi, she was originally a member of the Fire Mountain School, a Four-winged flamingo. Later, she joined my shop and left the Fire Mountain School! As for the Azure Dragon Fighting God, who cultivates a World Defying Green dragon, he likes to devour birds and beasts. "

Yang Genming had previously known that Elder Wang was going to bring Feng Lanyi away, and he had heard of some of the Azure Dragon Fighting God’s hobbies.

"Azure Dragon Fighting God is not important. The main thing is that the boss behind Azure Dragon Fighting God is not someone to be trifled with." Yang Genming said: "But you don’t have to worry, the boss behind Azure Dragon Fighting God is not an idiot, he would definitely not do anything for the Azure Dragon Fighting God."

"I’ll have to ask City Lord to take care of me in the future." Chen Xiang said.

"Definitely! Let’s talk about the World Defying god-becoming Dan! Middle Ranked World Defying god-becoming Dan One Tao-creation Holy Crystal, High Ranked World Defying god-becoming Dan Three Tao-creation Holy Crystals, what do you think? " Yang Genming immediately moved his hand to the side. If Chen Xiang had enough Tao-creation Holy Crystals, he would be able to quickly expand his power and stabilize his position in the City Lord.

Hua Liqing sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang, telling him that the price was very suitable.

"Alright, this pill will take a long time to refine, so I’m not sure when I’ll be able to do so." Chen Xiang said.

"It’s fine as long as you can refine it!" How about this, for a total of five Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals, you refine a set to come and find me. " Yang Genming added another Tao-creation Divine Crystal, he was also worried that the price would be too low, and that would cause Chen Xiang to feel resentful.

"City Lord is so generous, looks like I have to speed up and refine a set for City Lord to test its effects, at that time, City Lord can wait until the effects come out, then you can pay me the Tao-creation Divine Crystals." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Don’t worry, I trust Boss Shen!" Yang Genming laughed.

After that, Yang Genming brought Chen Xiang and the others and left through the back door. He also assured them that Azure Dragon Fighting God would not come and cause trouble again. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

... ....

After returning to the shop, Hua Liqing laughed: "This City Lord is truly intelligent! He must have sensed Lan Yi’s concealed aura, so he definitely knows something about Feng Lanyi. "

Before, Feng Lanyi was only a Peak of World Defying magic realm, but after he joined Chen Xiang’s shop, he became a World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, so Yang Genming was sure that this had something to do with Chen Xiang.

Although Chen Xiang did not say it, Yang Genming believed that he possessed a miraculous pill that allowed people to enter World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

"Now it all depends on my master. If she can make good World Defying Dan grain, then the pills I refine will be even better." Chen Xiang now understood the importance of stepping into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

In the Fighting Glorious City, only the powerhouses could step into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. Although there was a difference in strength, the Peak of World Defying magic realm did not hold any status in their eyes.

For example, the Azure Dragon Fighting God. Yang Genming did not even put him in his eyes, the bosses only treated the Azure Dragon Fighting God as a tool. If the Bloody Costume Fighting God made a breakthrough, even if it was a slave, their status would definitely be higher than Yang Genming’s.

This was also why the Azure Dragon Fighting God was so anxious to break through. He was nothing if not for stepping into the legendary realm.

It was a pity that his Pill Spirit could not condense a World Defying god-becoming Dan. The main reason was because of the characteristics of the World Defying god-becoming Dan.

"Lan Yi, how is the team doing?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I’ve already sent people to look for it. We might need to wait patiently for a while." Feng Lanyi said: "If Fire Mountain School or Azure Dragon Fighting God were to come and cause trouble, would you like me to reveal my Legendary gas?"

"Alright, if they come again, I’ll teach them a lesson!" Chen Xiang said: "Bring them out of the city and finish them off."

"That’s it, I have to hurry up and concoct the pills, I need to get the five Tao-creation Divine Crystals first." Chen Xiang laughed: "We need to buy some other pills and bring them back to improve ourselves. Only by doing this will we be able to progress quickly."

Hua Liqing smiled as he said, "Lan Yi, when you have time, go and find out how to sell these pellets so that we can bring enough Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals."

... ....

Chen Xiang entered the secret room, took out his Six Realms mirrors and activated the Time Formation.

To refine a middle tier World Defying god-becoming Dan, he did not need to inject too much blood and life force into it. As long as he controlled the amount well and was able to let it reach the middle stage, it would save him a lot of time.

"The refining speed has increased a lot." Chen Xiang had refined a few Emotional heart Dan s before, so he was getting more and more experienced.

But now, when he refined it, it was not for sale, but for the girls to eat. Su Meiyao could only refine middle ranked World Defying god-becoming Dan, so refining upper ranked World Defying god-becoming Dan was much more difficult.

Chen Xiang planned to let all the people in the You Yao Mountain Villa step into the Late period of World Defying magic realm, especially into the Spirit Pill.

Chen Xiang stayed in the Time Formation for a long time, refining enough pills for the girls inside the You Yao Mountain Villa to eat. At this time, Xiao Xianglin was also a Late period of World Defying magic realm, if he ate more high grade World Defying god-becoming Dan, he might be able to step into the Peak of World Defying magic realm.

"I have learnt the ninth stage of the Tao-creation Incantation!" Xiao Xianglin suddenly said.

"What exactly is the ninth stage of the Tao-creation’s Incantation?" Chen Xiang was so curious that he died, even when Hua Liqing went to ask around, he did not find any information, it was clearly a secret that was not passed down.

"Derive!" Xiao Xianglin said, "The eighth stage is the regeneration incantation, and the ninth stage is the derived incantation!"

"Derived!" Is that really that different from the Rebirth Incantation? " Chen Xiang said, and just as Xiao Xianglin had guessed, the eighth and ninth level of the Tao-creation’s Incantation wasn’t that berserk.

"A flower is about to die. It can be regenerated using the power of regeneration. A tree has been killed, leaving only its roots. It can be regenerated quickly to become a tree. This is regeneration!"

"When a flower becomes two flowers, the resulting flower will be even better. It has undergone evolution, and this is what is meant by derivation." Xiao Xianglin said.

When Chen Xiang was refining pills, there was a derivation method, so he quickly understood the difference between a derived incantation and a regenerative incantation. These two Tao-creation’s incantations were extremely useful in pill refining.

As for how to use it, that was Xiao Xianglin’s problem, she was the Incantation Master.