Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang frequently came into contact with the power of regeneration, and frequently used derivation to refine pills. These two powers were born from the effects of the Rebirth Incantation and the Derivative Incantation. Therefore, although Chen Xiang had not learnt these two Tao-creation Runes before, he was extremely familiar with the powers released from them.

Amongst the Flying Dan grain, these two types of Tao-creation Incantations were the most common, which was why he had learnt them so quickly.

"Master, where are the two Legendary mantra? Have you made any progress? " Chen Xiang asked, it was a good thing that he had two clones helping him learn, so he could share a lot of her problems.

"Not yet. Let’s wait a little longer. This really isn’t easy to grasp." Xiao Xianglin sighed, she too wanted to quickly grasp it.

"Teacher, why don’t we try refining a pill together and inscribe a new incantation?" Chen Xiang said, "If nine incantations for regeneration were carved into a pellet, I feel that after the pellet is consumed, it might be formed! The reason why the Core Spirit could not evolve to remove the World Defying god-becoming Dan’s soul is because it might be missing something. "

He Fengyuan said: "It’s very possible that it’s because the World Defying god-becoming Dan’s medicinal ingredients had fused together and then added with various Tao-creation’s incantations to seal or suppress the power of regeneration, that’s why the pill spirit was unable to condense."

"Alright!" Xiao Xianglin also knew the benefits of evolving the soul of a World Defying god-becoming Dan.

Xiao Xianglin withdrew the two clones. She had to wholeheartedly focus on refining the pellet with Chen Xiang, in case there was to be a mistake when the time came.

"..." Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin were inside the Six Realms mirrors’s Time Formation.

In the previous stage, Xiao Xianglin was only learning the derived incantation, she was only learning the first incantation well, there were still eight incantations left.

Chen Xiang needed a lot of time to refine a batch of high-grade World Defying god-becoming Dan, and currently, he would need a year to refine all of them at his fastest speed. The main reason was because it would be more stable and not take his life.

The first time he used the Flying Dan grain, although its speed was fast, he desperately channeled and released his blood and life force, as well as the power of regeneration. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Right now, he had the Time array, so there was no need to be so anxious.

To inscribe the Rebirth Incantation, one had to first condense the Incantation after forming the Incantation. Chen Xiang had to have Feng Ke’er to prepare the Incantation at the side so that he would not make any mistakes.

"Master, you can begin!" Chen Xiang said.

Xiao Xianglin immediately sent his consciousness into Chen Xiang’s pill furnace and locked onto the ball of red light. It was the World Defying god-becoming Dan that was being compressed, with many Tao-creation incantations engraved on it.

Currently, Xiao Xianglin needed to condense nine complicated regeneration incantations without messing up the pill patterns and incantations. This was also a huge test, but Xiao Xianglin liked this type of test very much.

Chen Xiang saw with his own eyes how Xiao Xianglin had managed to create the Rebirth Incantation. This was definitely not simple, because the pellet was very small and the Incantation was already filled to the brim with Flying Dan grain and many Tao-creation Incantations.

Xiao Xianglin needed to carefully carve the regeneration incantation in the midst of these sparse gaps, without affecting anything else.

One took a year, and the further it went, the longer it would take. She took a full 30 years to finish nine of them.

"It’s a success!" Xiao Xianglin had completed it in one go. In thirty years of time, she had focused on inscribing the incantation, which was extremely difficult. Fortunately, she was extremely serious when she was inscribing the incantation, so she did not feel as if time was passing by.

Chen Xiang was also watching. After reading it, he was sure that if Xiao Xianglin were to teach others how to learn the Tao-creation’s Incantation, he would definitely be able to grasp it faster.

"Master, you are really amazing. Such a complicated Tao-creation Incantation, forget about successfully condensing it, I don’t even know how long it will take for me to learn it." Chen Xiang sighed.

"Of course I’m powerful. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have been able to become your master, right?" Xiao Xianglin lightly patted Chen Xiang’s face and said with a smile, "Hurry up and condense the pill, let Li Li give it a try."

Chen Xiang immediately began to condense the pellet. There was a Fusion spell in this pellet, so under Chen Xiang’s control, the effect of the Fusion spell was able to quickly fuse all the energy within the pellet.

A High Rank World Defying god-becoming Dan that was able to form nine regeneration incantations was finally completed. It looked no different from the rest of the World Defying god-becoming Dan.

Chen Xiang immediately gave it to Jiang Lisi for her to eat.

After Jiang Lisi ate it, the effects quickly came to fruition, and did not disappoint Chen Xiang and her.

"That’s enough. Give me four more pills, and I will be able to condense these World Defying god-becoming Dan." Jiang Lisi was also very happy, this way, she could condense another type of pill.

There were still four pills remaining. This was only a matter of time for Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin.

As long as one Young girl Danling could successfully evolve, and condense a World Defying god-becoming Dan, the other two Young girl Danling could quickly condense their own! If they had a large number of high rank World Defying god-becoming Dan, they would be able to quickly step into the Peak of World Defying magic realm after eating it.

Previously, Chen Xiang was still having a headache because of their breakthrough, but it had already been resolved.

Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin stayed in the Time Formation for about two days, refining five high-levelled World Defying god-becoming Dan that were able to create regeneration runes and giving them to Jiang Lisi to eat.

What happened afterwards, was up to Su Meiyao to arrange it. Chen Xiang had been concocting pills in the Time Formation for so many years, it was time for him to go out and take a breather.

"Sister Li Qing, has anyone come to cause trouble in the past two days?" After Chen Xiang came out, he saw Hua Liqing analyzing some of the content in the paper in the courtyard.

Chen Xiang walked over and discovered that they were all names of medicinal pellets and herbs, as well as quite a few drawings.

"No, and I don’t know why, neither Fire Mountain School nor Azure Dragon Fighting God came to cause trouble, could it be that City Lord secretly warned them?" Hua Liqing also felt that it was strange.

"That’s good. Where’s Lan Yi?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Lan Yi went out to prepare the team ..." She wanted to choose people who are primarily flames as the War God, because she felt that the Emotional heart Dan could make the people who are primarily fire stronger. " Hua Liqing said: "As long as we have enough Emotional heart Dan, we can make these War Gods’ flames even more powerful."

Chen Xiang nodded his head: "That’s good!"

"Look, these are all the high-grade Tao-creation s’ divine medicines and divine pills that Lan Yi collected." Hua Liqing passed it over to Chen Xiang. "A Patterned Divine Pill requires at least one Tao-creation Divine Crystal to purchase, and the effects don’t seem to be that miraculous, at most it’s just that it’s very powerful."

"Can anyone enter the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank from the Peak of World Defying magic realm?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No, even if there is, no one will take it out to sell. It will definitely be sold at a high level!" Moreover, this pill needs to be consumed for a long period of time, and might not even break through by then. " Hua Liqing shook his head.

Chen Xiang looked at the introductions on the Divine Pill Pattern Divine Pills and was a little disappointed.

"I will make a trip to the City Lord’s Mansion and ask if there are any good pills. Let him introduce me to them and see how they can be purchased." Chen Xiang also wanted to sell the World Defying god-becoming Dan on hand to Yang Genming.