Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Good pills were rarely sold. Even if they were sold, they would only be sold through auctions. Only some powerful individuals would be able to buy them, and most of them would be bought by this group of people.

The moment Chen Xiang entered the City Lord’s Mansion, he was warmly invited to the hall by a manager of the City Lord’s Mansion. Then, the manager rushed to inform City Lord Yang Genming.

Yang Genming arrived very quickly, and he felt that Chen Xiang had come to find him most likely because the World Defying god-becoming Dan s had already been refined.

"City Lord, you seem to be very busy." Chen Xiang smiled when he saw Yang Genming walking in.

"No matter how busy you are, you can’t just ignore Boss Shen." Yang Genming laughed and then ordered someone to pour Chen Xiang a cup of tea.

Yang Genming waved for everyone here to leave, and then closed the door.

"City Lord, here is a group of World Defying god-becoming Dan!" Chen Xiang passed over a jade case. Among the group of World Defying god-becoming Dan, there were three mid-ranked high-ranked World Defying god-becoming Dan, which could allow a person at the peak of Aoshi Holy Stage to quickly step into the Late period of World Defying magic realm.

Yang Genming received it, opened it up and took a look, then gave Chen Xiang five of the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals, all of them were of good quality.

"City Lord, you should have tried giving it to me first." Chen Xiang laughed.

"I trust you!" Yang Genming smiled slightly, "Boss Shen, next time you finish refining, you must first consider selling it to me."

"No problem, City Lord has to keep this a secret, because the World Defying Dan grain I use to refine this pill will easily cause trouble." Chen Xiang said in a low voice: "If this gets out, I’ll be in a bit more trouble."

"I know. I will definitely keep this a secret. You can rest assured." Yang Genming nodded.

"The people of Azure Dragon Fighting God and Fire Mountain School did not come to cause trouble. This is all thanks to City Lord’s secret assistance." Chen Xiang hurriedly said with gratitude.

"It’s just a small matter!" I was only saying a few words to the boss behind Azure Dragon Fighting God. As for Fire Mountain School, I promise to let that Elder Wang go, and Fire Mountain School also promises to not cause any more trouble. "

After Yang Genming finished speaking, he frowned, "I feel that Azure Dragon Fighting God will not let this matter rest! He might even convince the boss behind him ... I believe Boss Shen knows better than me why Azure Dragon Fighting God is so persistent about this matter. "

Yang Genming seemed to already know something. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"If the boss behind the Azure Dragon Fighting God really agrees, then do they dare to mess around here?" Chen Xiang wanted to confirm.

"I don’t dare, there are many powers in Fighting Glorious City, there are a lot of scheming bosses here." Yang Genming said: "If the owner of the Azure Dragon Fighting God is really going to intervene, then he definitely won’t dare to fight inside the city. However, it’s hard to say whether or not he’s already left the city."

"City Lord, are you the boss of the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum?" Chen Xiang asked again.

"This... Yes, I’m the boss of one of the teams. Yang Genming sighed: "It’s mainly because it’s too late to form my team, and I don’t have enough resources, so my luck isn’t good either, I can’t find a good wargod."

Chen Xiang was still not very clear about the workings of the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum, so he carefully asked Yang Genming about the things related to the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum.

After asking, he found out that if two wargods were fighting, the loser wouldn’t be able to get the admission fee, and the winner would get everything. This was a very large amount of income.

Generally speaking, only the battle between two famous War Gods could raise the admission fee, and many people went to watch, such as the battle between Bloody Costume Fighting God and Crazy Sword Fighting God.

Although Azure Dragon Fighting God had defeated Bloody Costume Fighting God at that time, his final income was still obtained by the boss behind Bloody Costume Fighting God. The boss of Crazy Sword Fighting God did not get it, but he did get a slave like Bloody Costume Fighting God, who was about to step into World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

"Generally speaking, if you want to earn more, you have to brew an attractive competition! This is rather difficult, otherwise it would just be a small matter, not many people would want to watch it. " Yang Genming laughed bitterly: "I am the boss of the team, but I often lose. Not only can I not get any benefits from the admission fee, I also have to provide the spoils of war for the winners. Sometimes, even my War God would be killed or heavily injured, which is not even worth the loss."

"City Lord, if you have a good team, would you have a lot of influence in the Fighting Glorious City?" Chen Xiang felt that Yang Genming buying his pills was probably to strengthen his own team.

"Of course, the stronger the team, the more Tao-creation Holy stone they can earn, and the more War Gods they can recruit." Yang Genming said: "Many of the bosses in the battle teams normally do not show their faces, but we all know who they are ... ... You may not know this, but the Sects from Seven Mountains has a team here too. "

"Azure Dragon Fighting God is from Fire Mountain School?" Chen Xiang frowned.

"No, the boss behind the Azure Dragon Fighting God comes from the Wood Mountain Sect, he’s a big shot." Yang Genming replied: "My relationship with this guy is average."

Chen Xiang suddenly had an idea, but he still needed to discuss it with Feng Lanyi.

"City Lord, if you know that the boss behind Azure Dragon Fighting God is going to make a move on Feng Lanyi, quickly inform me." Chen Xiang said: "If that’s really the case, then I can only use my fist to settle this issue."

"Alright, I will go inform you." Yang Genming said.

"Oh right, City Lord, I would like to buy a few of the Divine Pills, but I don’t seem to sell any here." Chen Xiang wanted to see what a good Pill Tattooed Divine Pill looked like.

There will be a trade fair in a while, and at that time, there will be a sale of this pill. I’ll send someone to the shop to notify you.

Yang Genming sent Chen Xiang out of City Lord’s Mansion and then left in a hurry.

... ....

In a villa in Fighting Glorious City, Azure Dragon Fighting God was respectfully standing in front of a blue-clothed middle-aged man. Azure Dragon Fighting God, who had always been arrogant and respectful towards this blue-clothed middle-aged man, was so respectful that he knew this blue-clothed middle-aged man was his boss.

"Boss, are you sure Feng Lanyi is from World Defying Stage Legendary Rank?" Azure Dragon Fighting God didn’t dare to believe that after being hunted down by the Four-winged flamingo all those years ago, she had actually entered the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank now.

"Even though I have never seen this woman before, Yang Genming had told me before that he would definitely not lie to me about this sort of thing! Feng Lanyi has just stepped into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, and is only at the early stage. The blue clothed middle aged man sat on a chair and said, "Bloody Costume Fighting God should be stepping into World Defying Stage Legendary Rank soon. By then, he should be able to deal with Feng Lanyi with his strength."

"Boss ..." "You mean ..." Azure Dragon Fighting God thought that the boss would not do anything to Feng Lanyi, but hearing what he said, it was obvious that he was planning to do something to Feng Lanyi.

"If you eat Feng Lanyi, will you be able to enter the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank?" The blue-clothed middle-aged man asked.

"Yes, of course!" The Azure Dragon Fighting God was ecstatic. Even if he stepped into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, he had to follow this boss and swear on the blood oath that even if he was a slave for 10,000 years, it would still be worth it. Otherwise, he would have no hope of entering the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.