Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

There were only three wargods, but they were too weak. When Yang Genming saw Chen Xiang’s look of disdain, he could only smile bitterly. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"How many powerful teams usually have" Chen Xiang asked.

"At least ten." Yang Genming curled his lips: "I know that you definitely look down on my team. This is mainly because my team is too young and just started growing up."

"Alright, you will soon have a wargod. That will be me" Chen Xiang laughed: "Oh right, your team is called."

"Becoming Famous Fighting Team." Yang Genming said: "The original intention was for all the members of my team to become famous, and we are still working hard right now."

"I’ll join your team right now and help me arrange the upcoming battles." Chen Xiang rubbed his fist. It had been a long time since he had an intense battle, and he wanted to stretch his muscles and bones.

"Have you decided on a name? Your code name." Seeing Chen Xiang being so serious, Yang Genming could only comply with him.

"Crimson Dragon." Chen Xiang laughed, "Who knows? Maybe I’ll be able to become a Scarlet Dragon War Emperor or something like that in the future."

"Hopefully, as long as you defeat Azure Dragon Fighting God, you will become a Battle Emperor. At that time, my Becoming Famous Fighting Team will become famous, and there will be more War Gods who will join us."

Yang Genming only knew that Chen Xiang was from the Peak of World Defying magic realm, but he couldn’t tell how strong Chen Xiang was at all. He felt that Chen Xiang’s talent in alchemy was much stronger than the ten Azure Dragon Fighting God s.

Yang Genming had already sent people to arrange a match for Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang would use the nickname of Scarlet Dragon to participate in the battle.

After Hua Liqing and Feng Lanyi heard of this, they rushed to the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum.

... ....

Azure Dragon Fighting God also quickly found out about this matter, so he immediately went to look for Mu Yijing.

After Mu Yijing heard about this, he sneered: "A Alchemist, actually wants to go up on stage himself, you can see that he doesn’t have anyone by his side, it’s just that Feng Lanyi, this chick who just stepped into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, he was forced to do it, his target is you."

"I know that if he is truly qualified to challenge me at that time, it would be the best. I will definitely kill him on the spot." Azure Dragon Fighting God was looking forward to it.

"Boss, should we go take a look?" Azure Dragon Fighting God wanted to see how strong Chen Xiang was. In fact, he was somewhat afraid of Chen Xiang, but he did not say it because he was afraid that he would be looked down upon.

Becoming Famous Fighting Team, isn’t this the trashy team called Yang Genming? Don’t you know, because of your team, Yang Genming can’t even hold his head up high in this group of people, haha .... " Mu Yijing laughed.

Azure Dragon Fighting God also stopped looking around. He felt that no matter how strong Chen Xiang was, he would not be his match, because he often fought and trained and Chen Xiang would always refine pills everyday, which was not something he could match up to.

... ....

Chen Xiang came to the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum, and fought against a person who had just joined the competition. He was middle-aged, and seemed to be quite strong.

"Of course you’re from Becoming Famous Fighting Team, Becoming Famous Fighting Team only has three war god level trash teams, yet you chose this trash team. It looks like your strength is not that great." The middle-aged man who had a nickname of "Ghost Spectre" sneered.

There were very few War Gods in Becoming Famous Fighting Team, and these kinds of teams were usually called trash teams. It was only because the boss behind the scenes had a lot of resources that they were able to live on.

Yang Genming, the owner of the City Lord and the one behind the scenes, had changed into an old man and was sitting closest to Chen Xiang. Hearing the guy on the stage say such words, he felt very uncomfortable.

This time, it was also because of Chen Xiang that he was able to watch her at such a close distance.

Hua Liqing and Feng Lanyi were also in front, and Yang Genming had brought them to the very front of the group.

During the competition, one could not use the Tao-creation’s Runes or Divine Weapons, in short, one could not rely on external forces, and had to rely on himself in the past. There was a very sensitive array formation on the stage, it could sense that if someone used the Tao-creation’s Runes, it would sound out a warning.

Chen Xiang could not use the Tao-creation’s incantation, as it would reduce his strength by a lot, but he did not need to worry, he still had the power of the Red fire dragon, if he really could not, he would release all of the Red fire dragon’s power.

"What team are you in? Let me see how strong your team is." Chen Xiang asked.

"You don’t deserve to know my team’s name." Ghost Spectre sneered: "But don’t worry, when you are stepped on by me, I will tell you and send you to your death."

"Fine, maybe your team is worse than mine ... ..." It doesn’t matter if you don’t tell me. I might not be able to remember your trash team. " Chen Xiang smiled.

The Ghost Spectre was furious, but at the same time, an old man called, the battle started, the Ghost Spectre immediately turned into a few black figures, rushing in all directions, it was hard to find him.

The fighting stage was not small. There were ghost shadows like him everywhere and it was difficult to lock onto his position.

However, it did not affect Chen Xiang at all. When Chen Xiang used the Dao heart Eye to look, he only saw Ghost Spectre’s real body.

"You think you’re a ghost, right? But a real ghost should be invisible. I do know a little ghost tricks." When Chen Xiang finished speaking, countless of black ghost figures suddenly rushed over from all directions, wailing miserably, like hundreds of ghosts attacking at them, it was extremely terrifying.

"Not good, the boss can’t even tell where he is. If he’s hit, then we’re in trouble." Even though Feng Lanyi was separated by a few enchantments, he was unable to detect any trace of the Ghost Spectre.

Hua Liqing was not too worried. She had seen Chen Xiang’s invisibility skills before.

Sure enough, when the numerous ghost figures rushed towards Chen Xiang, Chen Xiang suddenly disappeared.

When Chen Xiang suddenly disappeared, even Yang Genming was shocked, because he could not see where Chen Xiang was.

Chen Xiang’s battle arena attracted a lot of warriors.

"Ghost Spectre has won nine consecutive battles. If we were to win another match, it would be War God. Don’t make any mistakes."

"Can a new Martial Immortal be born? The opponent of the Ghost Spectre seems to be very strange, but he suddenly disappeared."

"Yeah, but he is definitely still in the fighting stage. If he runs out of the fighting stage, he will definitely touch the Spirit Formation."

"Ghost Spectre met a real ghost, haha."

Ghost Spectre’s arrogant anger completely disappeared, because he did not know where Chen Xiang was. What was most terrifying was that he felt that he was the only one on the stage, and Chen Xiang suddenly disappeared without a trace.

From the outside, it was hard to tell that it was his real body. It was because of this move that Ghost Spectre was able to win nine matches in a row.

Back then when Chen Xiang drew and fought with Ghost Spectre, Yang Genming felt that he had bad luck again, always drawing this kind of person.

"Coward, hurry and come out." Ghost Spectre shouted.

"Alright." As Chen Xiang’s voice fell, a scarlet flame flew out and coiled around Ghost Spectre’s body like a chain of fire.

Chen Xiang used a huge force to drag Ghost Spectre over, and at the same time, he struck the Scarlet Fire Heavy Palm towards Ghost Spectre’s head, releasing Heaven Blasting Palm’s power, the palm force rippled like a wave and scattered all the ghosts in the fighting stage, while the Ghost Spectre was already bleeding out from his seven orifices, and was twitching on the ground.