Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The Ghost Spectre was actually not a good person, and had even yelled that he wanted to kill Chen Xiang just now, so Chen Xiang would not show any mercy. Originally, Jiu You wanted to shout in defeat, but he saw that both of Chen Xiang’s arms seemed to have been coiled up by two blazing red dragons, and when these two flame dragons entered Chen Xiang’s arms, they caused flames to spurt out of Chen Xiang’s arms, urging him to release waves of Arrogant Morale.

Chen Xiang’s palms came out at the same time, and struck out with Heaven Blasting Palm once again. The energy in his palms condensed into a dot, and poured into my Ghost Spectre’s body.

Boom.

After the palm energy entered his body, it exploded. Flames gushed out and countless tiny fire snakes emerged from his body that was torn apart by the flames. After which, they wrapped around his body and burned him to ashes.

The old man in charge of the battle was stunned. He had seen Jiu You’s battle before and knew that he was very powerful, likely to become the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum’s War God.

But now, Jiu You was turned into ashes with just a few strikes from someone. The old man looked down and swallowed his saliva, immediately announcing Chen Xiang’s victory.

The crowd only came back to reality after they heard the old man’s loud announcement. Nine Hell was actually destroyed, and from that short battle just now, Nine Hell was completely crushed by Chen Xiang, the difference in strength was huge, they were not on the same level at all. And they were all on the same level as.

Feng Lanyi and Hua Liqing finally sighed a breath of relief, at the same time, they also recognized their boss. Not only were they powerful in terms of pill refining, they were also terrifying when it came to fighting.

Yang Genming was secretly happy at the same time. He finally had a decent fighter in his team, but he never would have thought that Chen Xiang, who went into closed door cultivation to refine pills all day, would actually be so proficient in battle, not one bit inferior to those famous War Gods.

The fact that Chen Xiang won caused quite a sensation, because some people already recognized him as the owner of the World Defying god-becoming Dan. He was a Alchemist and had joined the Becoming Famous Fighting Team. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"Alchemist has also come to the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum to compete with us. Our days are not going well."

"Is this Alchemist really that powerful? How strong can a guy who goes into seclusion to refine pills be? He’s a Alchemist, and his flames are strong, and it just so happens that Jiu You is afraid of fire, that’s why he was burnt to ashes. Someone like me, who uses water, isn’t afraid of him at all."

"Let’s see what the next battle will be like. If he continues to have such a fierce momentum, he might even be able to become a War God, the Alchemist’s War God. This is history without precedent."

He was still in the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum, so he got Yang Genming to arrange more battles for him. He wanted to finish ten consecutive victories quickly and become a war god, so that he could challenge the Azure Dragon Fighting God as soon as possible.

"Boss Shen, do you want to rest?" Yang Genming did not immediately arrange a battle for Chen Xiang.

"Do I look like I need to rest?" Chen Xiang smiled slightly: "Hurry, I want to fight ten consecutive rounds, this shouldn’t be a problem right? Only by becoming a warlord will my reputation be even greater, don’t you think so?"

In the eyes of many, Alchemist was rather weak. She would stay in the secret room all day to refine pills, without any time to train or go out to train.

Chen Xiang patted Yang Genming’s shoulder, and laughed: "Go quickly, that guy just now was too weak, I didn’t even warm up, he was already dead."

Yang Genming could only go and help Chen Xiang arrange the next battle, and in the battle just now, Chen Xiang had obtained ten pieces of the Tao-creation’s Holy stone.

"Boss, little brother, you’re actually so amazing, making me worry for nothing." Hua Liqing laughed, she had seen Chen Xiang use Six Realms mirrors to smack someone to death before, but she had never seen Chen Xiang fight barehanded before.

"I really didn’t expect it." Feng Lanyi was also very surprised. She seemed to have felt a strange feeling from the flames Chen Xiang had released just now.

As for what it was, she couldn’t say for herself, but it scared her a little.

Chen Xiang was very quick to arrange the next battle.

The next person to fight with Chen Xiang was an old man who had won five consecutive battles. He appeared to be more calm and collected, unlike the previous Nine Hell Barbarian, who had not spoken a word when he came up to fight. When the battle had started, he immediately launched a fierce attack using earth attributed strength, and although he did have the strength, he was not able to hold on for long against Chen Xiang.

After Chen Xiang exchanged over fifty moves with the old man, he defeated him. However, he did not kill the old man, but only made him admit defeat.

Chen Xiang won again, and the two battles only lasted for an hour. This kind of thing happened once in World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum, but it was rarely seen, so when Yang Genming saw that his expression was relaxed, he continued to arrange the next battle for him.

The World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum had a rule that only War Gods would fight with them. Chen Xiang had not won ten matches in a row yet, so he would not meet any War Gods who had experienced hundreds of battles.

And those who fought with him were all young warriors who had just entered the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum to fight. Even if there were a few strong individuals who fought with decent strength, they would still lose and could only leave hatefully.

By the time Azure Dragon Fighting God arrived, Chen Xiang had already won eight matches in a row, and Chen Xiang had fought eight matches in a row.

In the beginning, the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum was quiet and desolate, but now it was getting more and more lively. Many people who were outside heard the news and quickly fished out their Tao-creation Holy stone s to pay the entrance fee.

"In eight hours, I will be able to win eight consecutive battles. According to this speed, I will only be able to become a Martial Immortal in half a day."

This is too terrifying, which wargod in World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum didn’t last many years in the arena before winning ten times in a row. This guy, he actually won eight consecutive victories in less than half a day.

"It’s the Becoming Famous Fighting Team, isn’t this team a trash team? I actually picked up a treasure."

"To be able to witness the birth of this new wargod is also a pretty good thing."

Yang Genming was overjoyed, he realized that he had still underestimated Chen Xiang. In terms of fighting skills, Chen Xiang was not any weaker than those famous War Gods, or even War Emperor.

Azure Dragon Fighting God brought a group of people and watched from behind. He grinded his teeth and snorted, disagreeing with this.

"I just got lucky and met some trash. In addition to his decent strength, that’s why he has such an achievement. When he becomes a wargod and fights against a wargod, he will know the difference between himself and a wargod." Azure Dragon Fighting God looked disdainful, but he was a little worried.

Chen Xiang was in the midst of his ninth battle, and his opponent was a middle-aged man dressed in black. He looked ferocious, and only used the power of thunder and lightning, but in just two moves, he had been shaken by Chen Xiang to the point of spitting out blood and falling to his knees.

Nine consecutive victories.

As long as he won another round, Chen Xiang would become a war god.