Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang only came to the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum to tell the boss that he, Chen Xiang, was not someone that could be easily bullied. As long as he went against Chen Xiang, he would be prepared to pay the price.

Chen Xiang’s current target was the Azure Dragon Fighting God.

The Azure Dragon Fighting God wanted to have a breakthrough with Feng Lanyi, so Mu Yijing, the boss of his team, allowed it. He even planned to help the Azure Dragon Fighting God, which meant that he had a conflict with Chen Xiang.

No matter who the other party was, Chen Xiang was not afraid in the slightest. Even if Mu Yijing proposed to reconcile with him now, he would not compromise.

Chen Xiang waited for less than an hour before the tenth match began. It had only been eight moves, but he had already defeated his opponent. At this moment, the entire World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum was cheering because they had witnessed the birth of a War God who had won ten consecutive victories in less than half a day.

At the same time, Feng Lanyi and Hua Liqing were secretly shocked. Chen Xiang’s strength caused them to be shocked, but Yang Genming finally had a feeling of exaltation. His Becoming Famous Fighting Team finally looked more like it.

They were both in the Peak of World Defying magic realm, but the difference in strength wasn’t strange. This was because Azure Dragon Fighting God was an Emperor level wargod, an existence that was strong in every battle team. Normal people in the Peak of World Defying magic realm would be killed instantly if they were to face them. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

However, even though Chen Xiang was a Alchemist, he had never experienced such a thing in the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum.

This was something that no one in World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum knew.

After Chen Xiang and the others left the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum, Yang Genming would arrange a challenge for them. At this time, Chen Xiang had also become the Scarlet Dragon War God and obtained the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum’s War God Badge.

Chen Xiang wanted to challenge two wargods of Green Wood Fighting Team. As long as he defeated them, he would be able to challenge Azure Dragon Fighting God.

Amongst the strong teams, the Emperor Token War God was the strongest. Under normal circumstances, only the Emperor Token War God would act when someone challenged the team, or when the team suffered a huge loss, the Emperor Token War God would act. For example, Mu Yijing made the Azure Dragon Fighting God make a move last time to successfully recover the losses.

"City Lord, there seems to be a rule in World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum that as long as a challenge comes from the War God, no other War God can refuse it. If they refuse, the team will have to compensate them with 1000 Tao-creation Holy Crystals, right?" Chen Xiang said.

"This is not bad, so Green Wood Fighting Team cannot refuse your challenge." Yang Genming laughed: "You can rest assured, I will make the arrangements."

"City Lord, how many War Gods does Green Wood Fighting Team have?" Chen Xiang asked.

"This... What are you going to do? " Yang Genming frowned, he felt that something bad was about to happen.

"I need to finish all of their War Gods before I go deal with their Azure Dragon Fighting God, is that alright?" Chen Xiang laughed.

"This... It can be, but you need to be clear that the Green Wood Fighting Team’s War God is different from the ones you met before. Yang Genming shook his head, he did not recommend Chen Xiang to do that.

"It’s fine, you can do it. I want to let Mu Yijing know the outcome of going against me." Chen Xiang said.

"Alright, let’s give it a try first." Yang Genming could only agree with Chen Xiang. Chen Xiang was not blindly confident in his own strength, it could be seen from the ten consecutive victories before.

During this period of time, Hua Liqing and Feng Lanyi were inside the City Lord’s Mansion and Hua Liqing would also occasionally sell World Defying god-becoming Dan s outside the City Lord’s Mansion. She sold a total of five hundred of them and earned sixty to seventy thousand Tao-creation Holy stone s.

During this time, Chen Xiang did not start planning to earn the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals, because he wanted to kill this fellow, Azure Dragon Fighting God, before he could continue doing business with a peace of mind.

It had already been half a month since Chen Xiang had won ten consecutive victories and became a war god. During this half a month, Chen Xiang and Bai Youyou had been practicing their battles inside the Time Formation.

Bai Youyou had always been focused on training her devil arts, and even though she was now a Late period of World Defying magic realm, she could still unleash a very strong power from her devil arts.

In the competition of World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum, the Divine Weapon and Tao-creation’s Incantation were not allowed to be used, and Bai Youyou’s devil arts were the most suitable in this situation.

"Of the previous battle skills, only a few are suitable to be used, and you can still display extraordinary strength." Chen Xiang was also training those skills that he had frequently used many years ago in the Time Formation.

"You’ve been using my devil arts often in the past, and now that you’ve mastered the improved devil arts from me, your mastery can be considered to be not bad. It can make your strength stronger." Bai Youyou said: "Even if you do not have the help of the Tao-creation’s Incantation, relying on these Demonic Techniques, you will still be able to unleash a very strong battle force."

"Yes, thank you elder sister You You." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Don’t be polite with me." Bai Youyou’s cold and proud face revealed a charming and lovable smile, crocheting the emotions in Chen Xiang’s heart. This was where Bai Youyou was amazing, in her usually cold and charming state, every single movement of hers released a power that could captivate souls, causing Chen Xiang to be unable to control her.

During the time Chen Xiang and Bai Youyou were in the Time array, they would always be swallowed by the incomparably charming Bai Youyou. The two of them were not tired of enjoying the happiness brought by their deep feelings for each other.

Coming out from the Time array, Su Meiyao saw Chen Xiang and Bai Youyou and teased them: "The two of you must be living quite a good life, you little scoundrel. Borrowing the excuse of learning some devil arts, I took over your You You Sis for so many years."

Chen Xiang only smiled and did not speak. However, he still sat by the side with a cold and elegant face.

"I’m out. I told the City Lord before that I would be out in half a month." Chen Xiang laughed and left the Six Realms mirrors.

Yang Genming had been waiting in the hall for half a day already.

"Boss Shen, things weren’t looking good. The guy sent by Green Wood Fighting Team is actually Bloody Costume Fighting God." Yang Genming had a face full of worry: "This guy is not easy to deal with."

"My goal is the Azure Dragon Fighting God. If I am unable to even defeat this fellow, then why are we still talking about killing the Azure Dragon Fighting God?" Chen Xiang had a relaxed expression as he sat on the chair. At this moment, he was still reminiscing about the beautiful times he had with the cold and proud beauty, Bai Youyou.

Chen Xiang had just mastered Bai Youyou’s powerful devil arts, and Bai Youyou had also improved a lot himself, so he was very confident.

"Alright, the war is starting tomorrow. Prepare yourself." Yang Genming could only look at Chen Xiang: "If you can beat Bloody Costume Fighting God, then you can get ten Tao-creation Holy Crystals, which is given to you by Green Wood Fighting Team, and if you lose, then I can give ten Tao-creation Holy Crystals to them."

"Don’t worry, although ten Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals is nothing to City Lord, I will definitely not let you lose them." Chen Xiang laughed: "I wonder if Mu Yijing will hand over a thousand Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals for me to challenge Azure Dragon Fighting God." This book came from 17K, so the first thing he did was to look at the original content!