Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Last time, in order to accept the Bloody Costume Fighting God as his slave, Mu Yijing had released a thousand of his sacred crystals to lure the Bloody Costume Fighting God into a battle.

"Hard to say. You’ll know after you win tomorrow." Yang Genming said: "If he doesn’t want to, I will think of a way. I’ll let you have a good fight."

Chen Xiang and Feng Lanyi were both here, and during the past few days, they had not been idle. They had used Yang Genming’s network to find out the whereabouts of all kinds of World Defying Dan grain, or perhaps finding a good place to sell the Divine Patterned Pills.

"There really is everything inside the Tao-creation Ancient Place." Hua Liqing sighed.

"There are a lot of Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals and Holy stone inside. I know about that." Chen Xiang laughed: "Sister Li Qing, could it be that there is someone you love inside there? Look at your face filled with longing." Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"The lover of Li Qing is right in front of you. She misses you." Feng Lanyi chuckled.

When Hua Liqing heard Feng Lanyi’s laughter, he immediately jumped up with a red face and started playing with Feng Lanyi.

"You little bird, don’t talk nonsense." Hua Liqing pouted, and pretended to be angry.

"I also really want to go with Sister Li Qing and little bird Lan Yi. Who told you to be beauties?" Chen Xiang smirked and walked over to hug the two girls. The two girls wanted to struggle free, but Chen Xiang held onto her waist tightly.

"You brat, you’re too presumptuous. Quickly let go of your elder sister." Hua Liqing continued to beat Chen Xiang, but he did not dare use force, because Chen Xiang was going to fight tomorrow.

Similarly, Feng Lanyi did not dare to struggle free from Chen Xiang’s grasp. She belonged to the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank and did not want to hurt Chen Xiang, so she could only let him have a taste of her little tofu.

Chen Xiang had enough fun with the two girls, he only stopped after taking advantage of them.

The two girls were blushing as they scolded Chen Xiang lightly. However, Chen Xiang looked at them with a smile and made them even more angry.

"Sister Li Qing, what exactly is in Tao-creation Ancient Place that you are so concerned about?" Chen Xiang asked. From Hua Liqing’s expression just now, she knew that she wanted to go in, but because it was extremely dangerous in Tao-creation Ancient Place, she could only sigh.

"Supreme Mantra." Feng Lanyi said: "Li Qing said that Supreme Mantra are extremely important to you, and it just so happens that there are them in Tao-creation Ancient Place."

The Supreme Mantra was very strange, the enchantment outside the Seven Mountains Divine Island was actually enveloped by the Supreme Mantra. It was difficult for Chen Xiang to break it back then, and he was very interested in this Incantation of Heavenly Master Xiao Xianglin.

"There really is a Supreme Mantra inside. Where did you get this news?" Chen Xiang anxiously asked, if he could get his hands on it, it might be of help to his research on World Defying Dan grain.

"During this period of time, we have been inquiring about the World Defying Dan grain, that’s why we heard a few people mention that the World Defying Dan grain and the Supreme Mantra are extremely related. Hua Liqing said.

"So it’s like that. Looks like we need to make a trip to the Tao-creation Ancient Place." Chen Xiang said: "Lan Yi is from World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. With her by my side, there definitely won’t be any problems."

"Tao-creation Ancient Place is still very dangerous, even those with World Defying Stage Legendary Rank can’t guarantee their safety. City Lord told us before that he almost died when he was in Tao-creation Ancient Place." Hua Liqing shook his head.

"Let’s talk about this after we get rid of the Azure Dragon Fighting God. The Supreme Mantra must be obtained, if we want to become stronger, we need to master the World Defying Dan grain. Only then can I concoct even more divine pills." Chen Xiang said.

Hua Liqing and Feng Lanyi nodded. Feng Lanyi could clearly understand the benefits of powerful divine pellets, because she had evolved through the Emotional heart Dan that Chen Xiang had refined.

The battle between Chen Xiang and Bloody Costume Fighting God had already brewed for several days, it was extremely lively, and many people were looking forward to it.

Originally, a new wargod was nothing special, because such things often happened. It was just that Chen Xiang was a war god who finished ten consecutive victories within half a day. This was unprecedented, so his reputation was very big.

... ....

Early morning on the second day, Chen Xiang arrived at the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum early in the morning. He made Hua Liqing and Feng Lanyi sit in the back of the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum because he was worried that he would not be able to control himself during battle.

More and more people entered the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum, and the amount of noise this time was no less than the last time’s duel between Bloody Costume Fighting God and Crazy Sword Fighting God.

"Boss Shen, if you win, I will split half of the Tao-creation’s Holy stone we earned from you." Seeing so many people come in to take a look, Yang Genming was secretly excited.

As long as Chen Xiang won, it meant that all the entrance fee this time would belong to him. This was something that every boss of the team yearned for very much, and in this kind of highly anticipated competition, the entrance fee was not low either. Furthermore, it was usually full to the brim, as long as they could prepare such a lively scene, they would be able to earn enough Tao-creation Holy stone for a very long time.

"Alright." Chen Xiang smiled and nodded.

Yang Genming would definitely not treat Chen Xiang badly, because the reason the Becoming Famous Fighting Team had such a great reputation was all thanks to Chen Xiang. He was very willing to give Chen Xiang a large portion of the Tao-creation’s Holy stone.

Before he even stepped into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, he had been injured by the Azure Dragon Fighting God. He should have been affected a little, probably because he had just recovered and was dragged here to fight.

Although Bloody Costume Fighting God had changed bosses, his popularity was still there. Most of the people present were shouting for him.

"Bloody Costume Fighting God, get rid of the Scarlet Dragon War God. Does he really think he cultivates the Azure Dragon like the Azure Dragon Fighting God?"

"The Crimson Dragon is just a piece of trash. It can turn flames into dragons, but it doesn’t even train with insects. This nickname is only used to scare people."

"Kill Scarlet Dragon. His title carries the word ’dragon’, making me feel like he is insulting Azure Dragon Fighting God, who is a god in my heart."

All sorts of brainless worshipers were crazily cursing Chen Xiang and at the same time sending their worshipers to the skies. When Chen Xiang heard this, he could only laugh, he felt that when he stepped on this group of brainless worshipers’ god beneath his feet, their expressions would be rich.

Chen Xiang had gone up on stage. The fanatical admirers sitting in front all ridiculed Chen Xiang, which made the Bloody Costume Fighting God and the observing Azure Dragon Fighting God feel good inside their hearts.

Yang Genming was watching from a concealed corridor, and at this time, a middle-aged man dressed in blue walked over.

"Yang Genming, I never thought that you, a friend from the Alchemist, would actually be so good at fighting. Mu Yijing laughed: "What a pity, this genius will not live for long."

"You just accepted a pretty good servant, and he’s about to be eliminated. He’s a quasi-World Defying Stage Legendary Rank servant, and will be gone soon, but you won’t feel pity about it, because you still have a better dog slave, the Azure Dragon Fighting God." Yang Genming laughed.

Azure Dragon Fighting God followed Mu Yijing. After hearing Yang Genming’s words, the muscles on his face twitched, he was furious, but he could not do anything. He was not Yang Genming’s opponent.