Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Even if he stepped into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, he was still a weakling in Yang Genming’s eyes. Although he was not Yang Genming’s match, it did not stop him from hating Yang Genming, as he hated everyone who looked down on him.

Seeing Chen Xiang in the fighting arena, Azure Dragon Fighting God actually hoped that Chen Xiang could defeat him. This way, he would have the chance to compete with Chen Xiang, and he really wanted to destroy Chen Xiang in front of him. He felt that this would make Yang Genming hate him to the bones.

Azure Dragon Fighting God only wanted to know in his heart, if Bloody Costume Fighting God lost in this battle, Mu Yijing would lose a lot, and this was not what he wanted to see.

This Alchemist friend of yours truly has a unique personality. In order to deal with me, he actually personally went up on stage. Mu Yijing laughed: "It’s a pity that he’s young and arrogant, looking down on the foundation that I, Mu Yijing, have built up over the years. Forget about everything else, just this Bloody Costume Fighting God is not something he can deal with."

Mu Yijing was very confident in his War God s abilities. When Yang Genming saw his proud expression, he really wanted to punch him.

"Don’t be so sure." Yang Genming was not worried at all. Chen Xiang was very strong, and had not used his full strength in the last ten battles. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"Haha ..." We shall wait and see. In any case, if this fellow loses, he will most likely be beaten to death. " Mu Yijing laughed very happily: "This is a very good Alchemist, dying like this, what a pity, haha ..."

"Bloody Costume Fighting God will definitely be able to defeat Chen Xiang, right?" Mu Yijing said to the Azure Dragon Fighting God.

"Yes, the Bloody Costume Fighting God is very strong. Among the War Gods in the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum, he is one of the strongest." The Azure Dragon Fighting God said respectfully, only in front of this kind of expert, would he lower his head.

Although that was what Azure Dragon Fighting God said on the surface, there was some doubt in his heart. At this moment, he could still clearly remember how Chen Xiang destroyed his Azure Dragon Arrogant Morale back then.

In the fighting arena, Bloody Costume Fighting God’s red eyes were emitting waves after waves of killing intent. Chen Xiang felt that this kind of gaze was like that of a venomous snake, but this venomous snake was extremely arrogant, as though it did not think much of him.

Chen Xiang had seen the battle between Bloody Costume Fighting God s before, and had even witnessed the defeat of Bloody Costume Fighting God s later. Thus, he could be considered to have a certain level of understanding towards Bloody Costume Fighting God’s strength.

The Bloody Costume Fighting God, on the other hand, knew nothing about him and thought that he was a weak Alchemist. It’s just that his luck was good and his playing was good, which was why he could win ten matches in half a day and become a war god, which caused a lot of commotion.

The Bloody Costume Fighting God only understood Chen Xiang in this way, he did not care about anything else. He only wanted to defeat Chen Xiang, so that he could calmly close up and wait for his breakthrough.

Many of the admirers of the Bloody Costume Fighting God were shouting frantically that the blood robes were invincible and that the blood robes would win for sure ... wanted to laugh. If Bloody Costume Fighting God was so powerful, he wouldn’t have been defeated by Azure Dragon Fighting God.

"Everyone, quiet down. Open your eyes wide and watch how I tear this brat apart." The Bloody Costume Fighting God roared like a bell.

The crowd instantly quieted down, and all of the worshippers were extremely excited.

As soon as he calmed down, Chen Xiang laughed loudly: "Bloody clothes are invincible, I don’t think that is necessarily the case. If it’s really like this, you won’t be defeated by the Azure Dragon Fighting God, and won’t become someone else’s slave either. Therefore, a large group of people are saying that Bloody clothes are invincible, that Bloody clothes will definitely win, that’s all bullsh * t.

Hearing Chen Xiang’s words, the people who were watching the fight started to laugh, followed by the fanatical fans who started to curse them.

The person with the ugliest expression was Bloody Costume Fighting God, because he hated people calling him a slave the most. Although this was the truth, anyone mentioning it would cause his heart to hurt.

When Chen Xiang saw the muscles on Bloody Costume Fighting God’s face, he knew that he was already angered. However, he still smiled and said: "Bloody Costume Fighting God, if I were you, I would shut up those stupid pigs outside, they would really affect my mood a lot. Think back to when you were fighting Azure Dragon Fighting God, those stupid pigs always said that you would win without a doubt, but you still lost, don’t you think that’s embarrassing?

"Shut your mouth. When the battle starts, I will definitely tear your mouth open." Bloody Costume Fighting God roared at Chen Xiang, his entire body had started to swell up, the clothes on his upper body suddenly exploded, revealing the light golden stone body.

His body could transform into a Tao-creation at any time. From the current level, the moment he stepped into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, it was very likely that he would evolve into a Tao-creation Holy Crystal. As Mu Yijing’s slave, he would definitely become Mu Yijing’s assistant.

"Tear him, tear him apart ..."

The fanatical admirers of the Bloody Costume Fighting God all started to shout out loud. When Chen Xiang called them idiots just now, it made them extremely angry.

When the old man saw that it was about time, he shouted, "Let’s begin!"

The sound waves shook the sky, and the entire World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum was shaken by his angry roar. With heavy steps, he rushed towards Chen Xiang like an angry bull.

Bloody Costume Fighting God’s speed was very slow, because after his body transformed into the Tao-creation’s Holy stone, it became extremely heavy. At the same time, it allowed him to have great power.

The two arms that had morphed into swords were unable to harm the slightest bit of the Bloody Costume Fighting God, and the Bloody Costume Fighting God also had a fatal weakness, which was his extremely slow speed. In comparison to Chen Xiang’s speed, he was like a turtle and leopard.

Therefore, when Bloody Costume Fighting God rushed over, Chen Xiang avoided it agilely. Although the speed that he displayed was not very fast, it was enough to avoid Bloody Costume Fighting God.

"That slow turtle, and he’s shouting that he’s going to tear me apart." Chen Xiang snickered in his heart: "It’s rare for him to think that I would fight against him like how Crazy Sword Fighting God does."

Because his own arm that had turned into a sword had been grabbed and broken, Crazy Sword Fighting God’s vitality was greatly injured, and that was why he took the opportunity to be torn apart by the Bloody Costume Fighting God.

The Bloody Costume Fighting God was very calm, because he knew that his physical defense was very strong. Only someone like the Azure Dragon Fighting God who cultivates World Defying beast and cultivates lightning could ignore his strong body that was like the Tao-creation s and attack his soul and Divine Sense Sea s.

"Coward, you can only hide everywhere, haha ..." You are not even comparable to Crazy Sword Fighting God, at least Crazy Sword Fighting God will keep on attacking me. " Bloody Costume Fighting God rushed towards Chen Xiang thrice consecutively, but failed to succeed.