Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang remembered that there was a rule in the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum that he could not dodge or block ten attacks consecutively. Otherwise, if he lost and stood still and allowed his opponent to attack him, or fight against the incoming force, he would not have to worry about any violations.

Chen Xiang had already dodged three times, but he silently remembered in his heart, to deal with Bloody Costume Fighting God, he needed to be stable, and even if he needed to get close to them, he had to find a good opportunity.

After dodging for seven or eight times, Chen Xiang still did not have a good chance to make his move. Bloody Costume Fighting God was indeed an experienced warrior with a lot of experience, and it was difficult to find any flaws, so the moment they got close to him, they would be easily caught and torn apart by him with his extremely strong power.

Chen Xiang originally wanted to be invisible, but he felt that Bloody Costume Fighting God, this kind of ranker, would definitely be able to sense it.

When he was still two meters away from, he condensed a strong wave of fire prideful strength, and used it to strike out through the Meteor immortal power. Then, after it was accompanied by the force of his palm for the entire day, it released a wave of fire.

With a boom, Chen Xiang pushed out his palm, and it released a ball of flames that resembled a blood colored meteor. Carrying along a grand and mighty shockwave, it shook the earth, and swept towards Chen Xiang like a tornado.

Bloody Costume Fighting God who was rushing over frowned. The power of Chen Xiang’s palm was still very strong, at least he had encountered the one that used the strongest flame in the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum.

"Break!" Bloody Costume Fighting God roared, he extended his fists out and struck the gigantic ball of fire.

BOOM!

The energy released by Bloody Costume Fighting God’s fists flashed with a golden light, rushing towards the gigantic ball of fire, smashing it into pieces. The ball of fire exploded, and the flames shot out, causing the entire arena to flash with light, making it difficult for people to see what was happening in the center, as both Chen Xiang and Bloody Costume Fighting God were enveloped in flames.

"I can only try using the Heavenly dragon seal."

At this time, Chen Xiang unleashed his Heavenly dragon seal.

The Heavenly dragon seal s had been modified and used by him to gather the energy in the surrounding area and then turn into a dragon. It required a bit of time to gather the energy inside, although the rules of the competition did not allow one to borrow any external power, but this method of gathering the energy through one’s own cultivation was not against the rules. Many people knew this method, but they were not as good as Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang released most of his power and rose high into the sky. Then, using his power as the basis, he gathered the power in the surrounding area.

Previously, he had discussed this with Bai Youyou and Long Xueyi inside the Time Formation, and spent a very long time to strengthen this technique.

After Chen Xiang unleashed his Heavenly dragon seal, lightning and thunder suddenly appeared above the fighting stage, and the flames that exploded out earlier quickly congealed in the air.

Bloody Costume Fighting God also sensed something and laughed coldly: "You want to gather energy to deal with me, you are underestimating me too much. Just now, that was your strongest power, you are truly disappointing."

"Let’s see how long you can hold on for." Bloody Costume Fighting God’s body suddenly leaked out a faint light aura.

Chen Xiang’s heart skipped a beat. Bloody Costume Fighting God had to release most of his strength to move his heavy and agile body. He was going to fight with all his strength.

"Ao Lei Fire Seal."

Chen Xiang tensed up, and immediately released half of the Heavenly dragon seal. The blood red lightning and flames in the air quickly condensed into a dragon, releasing a shocking roar.

When Azure Dragon Fighting God saw this scene, his face turned solemn. He knew that the power Chen Xiang had used was related to dragons, but he never thought that it would be so strange.

The people who had been yelling were now all silent. This sudden appearance of a dragon was just too shocking. This was not a real dragon, only the condensation of fire and thunder.

"This Crimson Dragon War God really has a trick up his sleeve."

"Being able to win ten consecutive victories and being a Alchemist is indeed not a simple answer."

"This method seems very strong. By combining the energy in the surroundings into an even stronger energy, it’s very similar to the method of refining pills."

Everyone exclaimed, the worshippers of the Bloody Costume Fighting God were also worried, worried that the Bloody Costume Fighting God would lose.

"I’m going to destroy this thing." When Bloody Costume Fighting God saw this dragon fly down, he raised his fist and roared. He hated dragons the most, and it was mainly because of Azure Dragon Fighting God.

Under the might of the Proud Thunder Fire Dragon Seal, the colossal dragon released an angry roar, and with a rumble, it fell onto the ground, enveloping Bloody Costume Fighting God.

"Ah!" Bloody Costume Fighting God roared loudly, his fists moving chaotically. He thought that the falling dragon would be condensed into a single ball and could be scattered with a single punch, but who knew that after the dragon had landed, it would turn into countless small dragons, shooting out powerful lightning bolts that struck all over his body.

Bloody Costume Fighting God was most afraid of lightning energy. As long as he had enough lightning energy, he would be able to break through his powerful Holy stone body.

The lightning energy that Chen Xiang released was far weaker than the Azure Dragon Fighting God’s, his main purpose was not to defeat the Bloody Costume Fighting God in one strike, but to cause chaos for the Bloody Costume Fighting God.

With such a powerful body like Bloody Costume Fighting God’s, it would require a very strong power of lightning to penetrate it. Chen Xiang could only use the power of the Red fire dragon, he did not want to reveal the Red fire dragon yet.

Bloody Costume Fighting God only felt a numbing pain in his body, and it was extremely hot, causing him to feel very uncomfortable. He knew very clearly that he had not received any injuries, as long as the wave of energy weakened, he would be able to recover.

As a famous War God, Bloody Costume Fighting God knew right away that Chen Xiang’s goal was to buy some time to launch the next round of attacks, and this round’s attacks were mostly close range attacks.

As expected, Chen Xiang rushed over, many people could guess, but they never thought that his fist would look like he was releasing any energy, it was just an ordinary fist.

Everyone found it hard to understand why such a rare opportunity would be used to fight with such an ordinary fist.

The Bloody Costume Fighting God was truly worthy of being called a victory, even though his body was in pain, he was able to punch out at the same time as Chen Xiang’s fist, which was something Chen Xiang did not expect, for the Bloody Costume Fighting God was able to strike back.

Chen Xiang’s fist had landed on Bloody Costume Fighting God’s head, but it was now blocked by Bloody Costume Fighting God’s fist. The instant the two fists collided, an invisible wave of air exploded out, sending Chen Xiang flying backwards.

Although it did not hit Bloody Costume Fighting God’s head, but Chen Xiang’s punch just now had caused great damage to Bloody Costume Fighting God, only to see Bloody Costume Fighting God’s raised arm, suddenly weakening. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

This was the Bone-melting magic power, originally called the Bone-melting magic palm, but after being refined by Bai Youyou for many years, it could already transform into a mysterious hidden force, and could even be unleashed through blades and swords. The prerequisite was that one had to come in contact with the opponent to be able to strike this strange hidden force, to pass through the strong defense on the outside, and directly enter the body to remove the bone.

In that instant, Bloody Costume Fighting God could deeply feel that the bones in his arm were gone, even the bones in his shoulder had disappeared without any pain.