Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Bloody Costume Fighting God’s face was immediately filled with shock. No one knew what happened, but after seeing Bloody Costume Fighting God and Chen Xiang’s fists, it seemed like his arm was heavily injured as it drooped. It could be seen that Chen Xiang’s normal looking punch earlier contained a strange power.

Chen Xiang struck the Heaven Blasting Palm through the air with his other hand, using his other hand to lock onto Bloody Costume Fighting God’s other hand. The Bloody Costume Fighting God could only use his other hand to strike the incoming Heaven Blasting Palm Lightning.

Being struck by the lightning power made his arm even more painful, but Chen Xiang had already arrived beside him and punched him on the head again.

The Bloody Costume Fighting God roared, he did not know where the power came from, but he was forced to retreat a few steps, he did not dare use his fist to fight anymore, he was afraid of Chen Xiang’s strange power. His whole body was in pain, but he didn’t know what was wrong with his disintegrated arm.

"Shining Dragon’s Lock!" Chen Xiang released a few small dragons formed from lightning that wrapped around Bloody Costume Fighting God’s legs and body. Then, he once again quickly charged forward.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

Chen Xiang’s fist landed on Bloody Costume Fighting God’s head, and the Bone-melting magic power was successfully struck into his body. After that, he quickly threw out a few punches with Bone-melting magic power poured into his body, hitting every part of Bloody Costume Fighting God.

The punch also seemed to have some power, it was so loud that it made the crowd think it was not powerful, but Bloody Costume Fighting God’s body was not pushed back at all. Everyone thought that his power was not strong enough, and was unable to break through Bloody Costume Fighting God’s Holy stone’s body.

The bones in Bloody Costume Fighting God’s head had been melted, and he suddenly fell onto the ground, the previously swollen body had now become somewhat shriveled up, which was a strange scene to behold.

Chen Xiang immediately rushed forward, his palms facing Bloody Costume Fighting God’s mouth, and released the strongest Meteor immortal power. Bringing about berserk fire lightning, he poured it into his body from Bloody Costume Fighting God’s mouth.

When the Bloody Costume Fighting God fell, everyone felt that it was already unbelievable. The Bloody Costume Fighting God’s Holy stone body was very strong, no matter how strong it was, it was difficult for him to lie on the ground.

And those few punches that Chen Xiang seemed weak, actually caused Bloody Costume Fighting God to fall to the ground. Then, Chen Xiang quickly and ruthlessly hit Bloody Costume Fighting God’s mouth twice, hitting him with Meteor immortal power.

Just as everyone was still immersed in the astonishment of Bloody Costume Fighting God falling to the ground, they saw his body suddenly expand, and they immediately thought that he had recovered.

And the next moment, they all knew that they were wrong!

Bloody Costume Fighting God’s body started to expand, but suddenly released a "Boom" sound, and Chen Xiang’s Meteor immortal power broke out from Bloody Costume Fighting God’s body.

Everyone saw that after a burst of lightning and flames, Bloody Costume Fighting God’s huge body was shattered into pieces, scattering all over the stage.

After Chen Xiang unleashed two Meteor immortal power s, he anxiously dodged to the side. Seeing that the Bloody Costume Fighting God had shattered into pieces, he sighed a breath of relief.

Everyone thought that they were seeing things, their faces filled with disbelief, their eyes opened wide, and they saw that the stage was filled with glittering s, which were the pieces of the Bloody Costume Fighting God!

The Bloody Costume Fighting God had died just like that! Moreover, the process wasn’t that intense. On the contrary, it was extremely strange.

"Die ..." "Dead!" The Azure Dragon Fighting God said with a frown.

Mu Yijing, who was complacent just a moment ago, was unable to speak, his face ashen. He was very clear whether the Bloody Costume Fighting God was dead or alive, because the Bloody Costume Fighting God had signed with him, and he could immediately feel it once the Bloody Costume Fighting God was dead.

However, all of these were too fast, the Bloody Costume Fighting God was struck by Chen Xiang’s flame lightning, causing his entire body to be paralyzed, but the’s Holy stone body was extremely powerful, and he was unable to defeat it in a short period of time, even if it was the Azure Dragon Fighting God, they were only able to break through the Bloody Costume Fighting God, unable to destroy his body.

When the Bloody Costume Fighting God fell later on, Mu Yijing was the same as everyone else, but he believed that the Bloody Costume Fighting God was affected by the too strong Thunder power and the vibrating power. Relying on the Holy stone’s body, as long as he could endure it, he would be able to stand up once again.

No one would have thought that after the Bloody Costume Fighting God fell, not only did he not manage to stand up again, his body had also shattered.

Hua Liqing held tightly onto Feng Lanyi’s jade hand, and exclaimed in a low voice: "This guy is too terrifying, just how did he do it! What did he do? "

Feng Lanyi was looking very seriously just now, but as a person of the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, she had still discovered something. "Boss Shen’s seemingly ordinary fist contains a very terrifying and mysterious power. It’s probably broken, or the bones inside have been greatly affected. " DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"Then, Boss Shen punched Bloody Costume Fighting God a few more times on his head and body before Bloody Costume Fighting God fell. It looked soft on the face, but in the end, he poured a lot of his power into the body through Bloody Costume Fighting God’s mouth ... He should be the Divine Sense Sea who ignited the Bloody Costume Fighting God, causing the body of the Holy stone to explode. "

Chen Xiang won. Yang Genming was overjoyed, but even more so, he was shocked. Just like Feng Lanyi, he also realized the importance of those few laps, it was an extremely mysterious power.

The Bloody Costume Fighting God was about to step into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. Although he was a slave, he would be free in a hundred thousand years. He was still a strong World Defying Stage Legendary Rank Ranker, and now, he had died here.

After the silence, the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum released a burst of clamorous cries and discussions.

"Chen Xiang wins!" The elder in charge was astonished, but at the same time, he announced the result.

Mu Yijing’s losses could be said to be severe, the Bloody Costume Fighting God was about to become the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, at that time, he would be his strongest slave, but he would be destroyed by Chen Xiang.

Mu Yijing was so angry that his face twitched, turning to look at Yang Genming who had a complacent expression.

"You lost." Yang Genming laughed.

Mu Yijing immediately roared, "Scarlet Dragon War God, I will send the Azure Dragon Fighting God to fight with you. If you can defeat the Azure Dragon Fighting God, you can obtain one thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals.

"I accept, but I need ten days to prepare." Chen Xiang said. Actually, he did not use his true strength just now. He said that ten days later, he had another goal.

"So what if it’s ten days. At that time you must not go back on your words, you are not allowed to lie in World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum, otherwise you will be disqualified." Mu Yijing shouted angrily, he looked at Yang Genming and snorted, then left.

Chen Xiang won, and today, all of World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum’s income was returned to Becoming Famous Fighting Team. Yang Genming was overjoyed, and his Becoming Famous Fighting Team finally became famous.

Chen Xiang left the competition grounds through the special passage. Yang Genming hurriedly walked up and smiled, "Boss Shen, I never thought that your fighting strength would be comparable to your pill refining skills."

"I said long ago that I would win." Chen Xiang laughed: "City Lord, help me arrange the next battle. I want to challenge Green Wood Fighting Team’s War God, I want to continue killing his War God."

"Good, good, good!" Yang Genming understood what Chen Xiang meant. He wanted the Green Wood Fighting Team’s War Gods to all fall one by one.