Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

He never thought that a weak and weak Alchemist like Chen Xiang would actually use such a powerful force to kill him. What made him most embarrassed was that he was cocky in front of Yang Genming previously, but not long after, he was slapped in the face.

"That bastard Yang Genming, he must be really happy." Mu Yijing said fiercely as he walked back and forth in the hall, unable to calm his anger.

"Boss, in ten days, I will definitely defeat Chen Xiang." As long as Chen Xiang was taken as a slave, Feng Lanyi would be able to let him do as he pleased.

"Mn, I believe you, you cultivate the World Defying Green dragon, if you want to defeat him, that kid has to cultivate a powerful World Defying beast as well, and from his previous battle with Bloody Costume Fighting God, I can see that he is not cultivating, and cannot feel the aura of the World Defying beast."

When Mu Yijing thought about how Azure Dragon Fighting God was able to defeat Chen Xiang, he felt much more comfortable for the time being. He said with a cold smile: "Even if Chen Xiang cultivated and had a World Defying beast, he would definitely not be your match. Your World Defying beast has actually stepped into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank."

Mu Yijing was very confident in the Azure Dragon Fighting God, because even he felt that the Azure Dragon Fighting God was very powerful and not anyone could take care of him. He believed that the Azure Dragon Fighting God was considered to be an invincible existence in the Peak of World Defying magic realm, and even if there was an opponent that was on par with him, he would at most only be able to draw with him and not be able to defeat him.

... ....

In the City Lord’s Mansion, when Hua Liqing and Hua Liqing go to settle the entrance fee, they discovered that it would be a huge sum of wealth.

It was just that this method of earning Tao-creation Holy stone would not last long and would only come once in a while.

Chen Xiang thought that pill refining was rather interesting, because once a good pill was created, it could be sold for a high price and he could also improve his own strength.

Even Yang Genming, the City Lord, was being so respectful to him, you could see how high the status of an outstanding Alchemist was.

Feng Lanyi was in a courtyard with Chen Xiang at the City Lord’s Mansion. Seeing Feng Lanyi’s worry, Chen Xiang smiled and said: "Lan Yi, you don’t have to worry. If I really lose, I’ll choose to die as well.

Chen Xiang could guess that if Mu Yijing accepted him as a slave, the first thing he would do was definitely for him to deal with Feng Lanyi, because Feng Lanyi was a precious "pellet" that could help the Azure Dragon Fighting God level up.

"I believe you will win." After that, she sighed softly, "I was only worried that Mu Yijing would disregard everything and take revenge on you. He is an important figure of the Wood Mountain Sect."

"We really need to be on guard. This is a matter of the future, wait until I defeat Azure Dragon Fighting God first, and then I will have City Lord come up with an idea." Chen Xiang said.

Feng Lanyi nodded. To her, the most important thing right now was to protect Chen Xiang well. She was from the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, the strongest person by Chen Xiang’s side.

Hua Liqing came back with a sweet smile on her face. She knew that Yang Genming had given her a lot of Tao-creation Holy stone.

"There are so many Tao-creation Holy stone, how are we going to spend them?" Hua Liqing laughed.

"How many are there?" Feng Lanyi walked over and asked.

"One million Tao-creation Holy stone." Hua Liqing took out a Storage bag, waved it in his hand, and was about to give it to Chen Xiang.

"Actually, it’s not that much ... Ten thousand Tao-creation Holy stone can only be exchanged for one Tao-creation Holy Crystal. This place only has one hundred Tao-creation Holy Crystals. " Chen Xiang said: "I think it’s still too little."

"Yeah, it’s only a hundred Tao-creation Divine Crystals." Hua Liqing thought about it, and felt that there were very few Tao-creation Holy stone in his hands.

"Not a few, if I were to sell low rank World Defying god-becoming Dan, who knows how many would have to be sold." Feng Lanyi laughed: "Have you decided how to use it?"

"If possible, I will exchange eight hundred thousand Tao-creation Holy stone for eighty thousand Tao-creation Sacred Crystals and leave two hundred thousand Tao-creation Holy stone for other uses. Everything needs to wait for me to defeat the Azure Dragon Fighting God before I plan my next step."

Chen Xiang trusted Hua Liqing, so he had to leave all these matters to her. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

To Chen Xiang, the main uses of the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals were to refine artifacts, strengthen his Six Realms mirrors or pill furnaces, and then his Time Formation.

He had another plan, which was to set up a very strong Transmission array, and see if it could contact the Divine Dragon Lake on the side of World Defying Stage Soul River in the first level, and then transfer all the people there.

This was a long-term plan, which would require Xiao Xianglin and Feng Ke’er to use their Space mantra to their limits.

Yang Genming walked in with a smile. With two outstanding beauties by Chen Xiang’s side, he did not find it strange, because Chen Xiang was already very powerful, and Feng Lanyi was the one who helped Chen Xiang to step into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. It was normal for him to follow Chen Xiang wholeheartedly.

"City Lord, have you arranged the matches?" Chen Xiang asked with a smile.

Tomorrow, in a match with Violent Saber Fighting God, this Violent Saber Fighting God and the Crazy Sword Fighting God are the same master. Judging from the name, this person is more arrogant, but actually, that’s not it. Yang Genming said.

"I’ve also heard of this person. It’s said that he hasn’t lost since he became a wargod." Feng Lanyi said: "He’s a relatively low-key person in the Green Wood Fighting Team, but at the same time, one with great strength."

Yang Genming nodded his head, "Yes, but Boss Shen will definitely be able to defeat him. If he cannot, then there is no need to go and fight Azure Dragon Fighting God."

"City Lord, what is the relationship between the boss and the wargods in such a large team like Green Wood Fighting Team? Is it a master-servant relationship?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No... "It’s just an employment relationship, wargods can leave at any time" Yang Genming said: "Mu Yijing has always wanted to completely control these War Gods, to be his slave. The Bloody Costume Fighting God is a very good example, if it wasn’t for you destroying the Bloody Costume Fighting God, in the future, he would have two slaves from the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank."

"Signing a slave for the Master-servant Contract with him, you can die for him. This is very scary." Yang Genming glanced at Feng Lanyi.

"Looks like the Azure Dragon Fighting God is willing to become Mu Yijing’s slave in order to step into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. This is also why Mu Yijing went all out to deal with me." Feng Lanyi said, she was not too worried about being captured right now, because Chen Xiang was very protective of her. Otherwise, she would not have personally went to the battlefield to deal with the Azure Dragon Fighting God, this fact made her very moved.

"Yes, if Azure Dragon Fighting God is also dead, hehe." Yang Genming laughed.

"He’s going to go crazy. Will he go crazy when the time comes?" What Chen Xiang said was what Feng Lanyi was worried about.

That day, many of Mu Yijing’s enemies will come, and these enemies have already missed the chance to see Mu Yijing make a fool of himself once, so they do not want to miss out on another opportunity. " Yang Genming was not worried, and laughed.