Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

When Mu Yijing found out that Chen Xiang was challenging his Green Wood Fighting Team’s War God, an indescribable hatred immediately surged. He knew very clearly, that Chen Xiang had done this to take revenge on him against Feng Lanyi! He had already lost a Bloody Costume Fighting God, but Chen Xiang didn’t lose anything, and even made a huge profit. Even faster, the website page is refreshing, advertisement is few, like this kind of website most, must be well-received.] More recent chapter access: ww

"This bastard, he actually wants to kill all of my Green Wood Fighting Team’s War Gods one by one?" With a palm, Mu Yijing smashed apart the stone table in front of him.

Although Mu Yijing said that, he did not have much confidence in it. This was because Chen Xiang was able to defeat Bloody Costume Fighting God, and Violent Saber Fighting God’s strength was not as strong as him.

"Boss, Lie Dao is very strong. Although he looks gentle and refined, underneath his gentle appearance, he hides a very violent power. His strength is not weaker than Bloody Costume Fighting God." He wanted to see Chen Xiang’s mysterious power through the battle between Chen Xiang and Violent Saber Fighting God.

Because the Bloody Costume Fighting God’s corpse had been blown into pieces, they were unable to ascertain the use of Chen Xiang’s Bone-melting magic power, causing them to be extremely fearful of the strange and mysterious power that Chen Xiang possessed.

"This Chen Xiang, I will definitely not let him off!" The more Mu Yijing thought about it, the angrier he became. He had only just obtained such a good slave like the Bloody Costume Fighting God, and before he had the chance to rejoice, he was exterminated by Chen Xiang. ad)

The World Defying Stage Legendary Rank’s slaves could not be measured using the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals.

"Boss, we have news from outside Wood Mountain Sect, it’s related to Chen Xiang." A black clothed man walked in and took out a jade tablet, inside it was recorded information about Chen Xiang.

After Mu Yijing finished reading, his expression became grave, and then, he strongly smashed a chair to the side. "This bunch of outer sect trash, especially the outer sect Leader s, were actually unable to handle the Chen Xiang at that time, who was only at the middle stage of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank, and let him escape."

Mu Yijing passed the jade tablet to Azure Dragon Fighting God, for him to see.

After Azure Dragon Fighting God finished reading, he frowned: "This fellow Chen Xiang, from the middle stage of the World Defying Stage Divine Rank to the peak of the late stage, and then coming here again, not too long after, how exactly did he do it?"

"Pill refining!" Chen Xiang is a very talented Alchemist, his World Defying god-becoming Dan must have other better pills, I just bought one for someone else, and ’gave it’ to the alchemist grandmaster. The alchemist grandmaster said that there is still a lot of room for improvement in this pill, and after it increases, it will continue to increase the number of breakthroughs, and at the very top, it will allow people to quickly step into the Late period of World Defying magic realm. "

Mu Yijing was extremely vexed, he started to regret opposing Chen Xiang now, but as matters stood, he had already caused a loss, and would definitely not let the matter rest.

"Go find Lie Dao and let him fight better tomorrow. There is no need to defeat Chen Xiang, you only need to injure him, or ’force’ Chen Xiang to use even more strength." Mu Yijing waved his hands towards Azure Dragon Fighting God.

Azure Dragon Fighting God immediately did as he was told.

... ....

He had Xiao Xianglin and Feng Ke’er use it to refine Divine Armor for them to use. He rested for the entire night and when he woke up early in the morning, he saw Feng Lanyi and Hua Li waiting for him in the hall.

After seeing Chen Xiang defeat the Bloody Costume Fighting God previously, ’Hua Li Qing’ and Feng Lanyi were no longer so worried. They knew Chen Xiang was strong, but they still cared a lot about this battle.

On the other hand, Chen Xiang had a relaxed expression. He greeted the two women and then went to find Yang Genming.

Yang Genming was already waiting for Chen Xiang and he was very happy too. If Chen Xiang won today, his Becoming Famous Fighting Team’s reputation would be even greater, because Chen Xiang killing him would cause his name to rise greatly.

After entering the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum, ’Flower’ Li Qing and Feng Lanyi sat in the same position as last time. This was something they had asked Yang Genming to leave for them.

Chen Xiang followed Yang Genming and entered the backstage of the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum, where only the team and other important people could enter.

"Boss Shen, there are quite a few War Emperors watching your fight today. There are quite a few already." Yang Genming sent a sound transmission to Chen Xiang. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Chen Xiang also saw a few proud and arrogant young men in front. They were all very far away, and obviously not from the same camp. Beside them was a middle-aged man, who was the boss of each battle team.

"Old Yang, your Becoming Famous Fighting Team is finally looking a little lustful! made Green Wood Fighting Team suffer a big loss. " A bald middle-aged man laughed as he sized up Chen Xiang.

"This must be the Scarlet Dragon War God! You really are very young. In nine days, if you are able to defeat the Azure Dragon Fighting God, you will be a Battle Emperor. " The bald middle-aged man laughed and patted Chen Xiang’s shoulder.

"Hmph, how could the Azure Dragon Fighting God be defeated so easily?" A tall youth behind the bald middle-aged man sneered.

There were very few battles between Emperor Ares. As the gains wouldn’t make up for the losses, most teams wouldn’t let their own Emperor Ares challenge other Ares.

Therefore, these Emperor Ares all thought that the other Emperor Ares in battle were as strong as them, sharing the vicissitudes of life. When they saw Chen Xiang, they were rather disappointed, because they did not sense that Chen Xiang had cultivated any powerful energy, such as the power of World Defying beast s.

Anyone who could become an Emperor level wargod in the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum would be able to grasp a type of powerful strength, be able to stand out amongst the Peak of World Defying magic realm, be far ahead of others, and be able to suppress Peak of World Defying magic realm s of the same level.

"Azure Dragon Fighting God is indeed not easy to defeat, but I feel that you are much weaker than him." Chen Xiang looked at the tall youth and laughed.

"What did you say?" "If you have the guts, go ahead and fight!" the tall youth said angrily.

Yang Genming anxiously transmitted to Chen Xiang: "This guy is from the Crude Bear Fighting Emperor. He is a wild bear cultivator, and is very strong."

"Great!" How about a fight with me in nine days? I’ve won, give me as many Tao-creation Holy Crystals as you like. " Chen Xiang said with a smile on his face.

"Are you joking? In nine days, don’t you want to fight with the Azure Dragon Fighting God?" The Crude Bear Fighting Emperor said loudly.

I took care of the Azure Dragon Fighting God and you too. Chen Xiang said in a calm and unhurried manner. His voice was calm, and he wore a smile on his face;

The Crude Bear Fighting Emperor was a genuine God of War, he actually said that he wanted to take care of Yue Yang. The other War Emperors and bosses all found him very interesting, they very rarely saw someone who was calm and extremely arrogant.

"Do you dare?" Chen Xiang laughed: "If you don’t dare, then forget it, since you’re a bear, no matter what, I can understand!"

The bald middle-aged man laughed and said, "The Crimson Dragon War God is really confident in himself. Fine, fine, I will make the decision and set this fight! The conditions are the same as Green Wood Fighting Team’s, you win, a thousand Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals. "If you lose, you become my slave."

"Alright, one sentence ..." Just as Chen Xiang wanted to agree, he was pulled over by Yang Genming.

"Boss Shen!" This is not a joke. Defeating Azure Dragon Fighting God and even defeating this guy is not so good, right? " Yang Genming said.

"It’s fine, I can defeat him." Chen Xiang replied.

"It’s a deal. Nine days later, if I defeat Azure Dragon Fighting God, you can go on stage." Chen Xiang spoke very easily.