Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

After Chen Xiang and Yang Genming left, the boss of the team gathered together. Almost all the books you want to read are available, they are much more stable than the average station and are updated much faster, there are no advertisements in the entire text.] The updates were quick.

"Baldy, this kid is really confident. You’ve earned so much!"

"Isn’t that so? How would you even have the strength to fight your Huang Xiong after defeating your Azure Dragon Fighting God? "

"Maybe he’s overconfident after defeating Bloody Costume Fighting God." The bald middle-aged man laughed loudly.

They believed that it was possible for Chen Xiang to defeat the Azure Dragon Fighting God, but after defeating the Azure Dragon Fighting God, he had gone to fight the Crude Bear Fighting Emperor instead. This was almost impossible, unless Chen Xiang was the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

When Chen Xiang entered the fighting arena, Azure Dragon Fighting God also knew about the arranged battle between Chen Xiang and Crude Bear Fighting Emperor. He didn’t know why, but he was extremely furious in his heart, he felt that Chen Xiang did not even put the battle nine days later in his eyes, and actually went to accept another battle.

He was dressed in a white robe and dressed like a scholar. He looked very scholarly and refined, with a gentle smile on his face. It was obvious that he was an old friend, making people unable to produce any sort of enmity towards him.

Violent Saber Fighting God was the same master as Crazy Sword Fighting God, but Crazy Sword Fighting God was a very crazy guy, it was hard to imagine that they were martial brothers.

Seeing Violent Saber Fighting God like that, Chen Xiang became extremely alert, he felt that this Violent Saber Fighting God was very well-hidden.

"Violent Saber Fighting God looks just like the rumors said." Chen Xiang said.

"What are the rumors like?" He knew about the Violent Saber Fighting God, but he still asked with a smile.

"He said you were a refined scholar." Chen Xiang said: "It looks like it, but I feel that when you fight later on, you will definitely be extremely terrifying. "

Chen Xiang had this premonition.

"My boss told me that as long as I can delay you for two hours, I would be able to obtain fifty Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals. Even if he loses, he would still give me these fifty Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals. " The Violent Saber Fighting God said, "That’s why I have to become very scary later on."

The fifty Tao-creation Holy Crystals were not a small amount, it was equivalent to five hundred thousand Tao-creation Holy stone, a huge amount. War Gods could only obtain them after winning five matches, not every War God could win continuously here, and not every War God could fight against them everyday.

"How long will fifty of the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals be enough for you?" Chen Xiang asked.

"About fifty years." Violent Saber Fighting God thought about it seriously and said.

"If you give me fifty Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals, I might even let you step into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. Can you even step into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank within fifty years?" Chen Xiang laughed, looking at him like he was telling a joke.

But Violent Saber Fighting God answered very seriously.

"I might not even be able to step into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank even after five thousand years. If you can really let me enter the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, five hundred Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals would be worth it." Violent Saber Fighting God frowned, and said with a serious face.

Chen Xiang only said that, he did not have the confidence to let the Violent Saber Fighting God have a breakthrough. He only felt that the Emotional heart Dan was extremely effective towards people who cultivated pure flames, because he could feel that the Violent Saber Fighting God had a scorching Flaming Heart of Redemption.

Although Chen Xiang had refined pills and used fire himself, he didn’t have such an opportunity! Su Meiyao and Xiao Xianglin also cultivated in fire, so they couldn’t do it either.

However, his Red fire dragon was fine, so he was still hesitating whether he should let the Red fire dragon try to enter the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank or not.

"Can you really let me step into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank?" The voice of the Violent Saber Fighting God appeared in Chen Xiang’s mind.

"I’m not sure, but I can try." Chen Xiang answered truthfully.

"Alright, I’ll give it a try." These words from Violent Saber Fighting God, stunned Chen Xiang momentarily.

This Violent Saber Fighting God was the Azure Dragon Fighting God, someone from Mu Yijing’s group actually wanted to cooperate with him like this.

"Don’t worry, when the time comes, I will swear a blood oath that I will not do anything that would harm you, nor harm any of the people around you." The Violent Saber Fighting God said.

The Violent Saber Fighting God was not stupid, he knew about Feng Lanyi. Only after Feng Lanyi got to know about Chen Xiang did he step into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

As a City Lord, although his Becoming Famous Fighting Team was not much, he was still considered an overlord of a region within the Fighting Glorious City. However, he was respectful to Chen Xiang, so he believed that Chen Xiang must have grasped a pill formula that could allow a person to quickly step into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

"Then are we still going to fight?" Chen Xiang was a little depressed as he asked with sound transmission.

"Of course! I will still do my best to fight you. " The Violent Saber Fighting God responded.

"That’s good, then I won’t show mercy either." Chen Xiang was thinking about what tactics he should use.

An old man shouted, "Begin!"

The battle started. Violent Saber Fighting God waved his hand and flames started burning his arms, especially his five fingers.

"Raging Flames Flying Daggers!" someone shouted. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"The flaming throwing daggers that are formed from fingers. It is said that the War Gods that fought with the Violent Saber Fighting God are placed on the flaming flying daggers at the end!"

"I’ve also heard about it, but the Raging Flames Flying Dagger was Violent Saber Fighting God’s trump card, his strongest move. He actually used it right from the start."

Everyone understood Violent Saber Fighting God quite well, they never expected him to use his strongest battle skill from the very beginning.

Mu Yijing, who was watching from the backstage, angrily said: "That bastard Lie Dao, what is he trying to do? Didn’t I tell him to delay as much as possible? "

Azure Dragon Fighting God was also very angry: "He actually doesn’t listen to the orders, he must be kicked out of the team."

Yang Genming laughed, "Do you want to see the tactics of the Scarlet Dragon War God? I never thought that you all would actually be so worried for the Scarlet Dragon War God. "

Mu Yijing did not bother with Yang Genming, and only glared at Violent Saber Fighting God who was on the fighting stage.

Facing Violent Saber Fighting God, Chen Xiang also felt his heart jump. He could very clearly feel that the level of pure and wild flames on Violent Saber Fighting God’s finger when it was ignited with golden fire.

It made him feel like the entire body of the Violent Saber Fighting God, including even his soul, had been transformed by flames and was currently blazing with raging flames.

"Take my attack!" Violent Saber Fighting God bellowed, his two palms trembled, and instantly exploded. Ten golden lights shot towards Chen Xiang, and his palms disappeared, as though it had been cut off from his wrists.

Violent Saber Fighting God’s hands turned into ten flaming throwing knives, a few of them danced in the air, while the others flew towards Chen Xiang from all directions, quickly locking onto him.

Feng Lanyi could feel the terrifying flames from the few layers of enchantments around the stage.

"This guy’s flames are too powerful, it’s hard to imagine a human can do this." Feng Lanyi gritted her teeth as she spoke, she stared at the golden colored flaming throwing daggers.

Chen Xiang immediately released his Bone-melting magic power. His Bone-melting magic power did not attack her, but instead turned into an invisible shield that covered her.

Everyone looked over and felt that Chen Xiang had been locked on. No matter what, it was hard for him to dodge, so he could only defend against these ten terrifying flaming throwing daggers.