Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

At the same time, half of the flaming throwing daggers flew in from all directions, while the other half in the air descended rapidly and struck Chen Xiang at the same time. Boom!

Seeing this, everyone knew that Violent Saber Fighting God had used all of his strength to kill Yue Yang in one strike.

"The Crimson Dragon War God is going to fall this time."

"Violent Saber Fighting God’s Raging Flames throwing daggers are really scary. This kind of attack is simply impossible to block."

"It’s surrounded from all sides, and it also has a powerful force. It’s hard to dodge it."

Everyone felt that the Violent Saber Fighting God already had the upper hand and was not optimistic about Chen Xiang. However, with their sharp eyes, they discovered that the Violent Saber Fighting God’s face did not look good.

Everyone took note of the Violent Saber Fighting God’s solemn expression, it did not seem like he had the upper hand.

The firelight enveloping Chen Xiang dissipated, and there was only a cloud of smoky smoke left. Chen Xiang was actually alright, he stood straight ahead with a relaxed expression.

What was shocking was that all the fingers on Violent Saber Fighting God’s hands had disappeared. He had turned into a flaming knife and was sent flying, but failed to return successfully, meaning that the flaming knife he released was completely damaged.

What had just happened, everyone was alarmed to ask this question, to actually be completely destroyed by Violent Saber Fighting God’s flaming throwing daggers.

"I admit defeat." Violent Saber Fighting God shouted, looked at his broken hands, and turned to leave the fighting stage.

It was only a short exchange of blows, but the outcome was already decided. Violent Saber Fighting God voluntarily admitted defeat, mainly because his powerful Raging Flames throwing dagger was damaged, this was a huge loss to his strength, admitting defeat was also within reason.

Chen Xiang could tell that Violent Saber Fighting God did not use his full strength. The main reason was because Violent Saber Fighting God had secretly discussed this with him previously, so it could not be said that Violent Saber Fighting God was betraying Green Wood Fighting Team, but rather that Violent Saber Fighting God was looking for a better boss to become stronger.

Chen Xiang looked at Violent Saber Fighting God’s back, he did not know how Violent Saber Fighting God would contact him, if this matter were to be made known to Mu Yijing, he was afraid that Violent Saber Fighting God would be in deep trouble.

"Lie Dao, what are you doing? Stop right there." This was Mu Yijing’s furious voice, because the Violent Saber Fighting God did not do as he said.

"I just want to follow my own plan to fight. When I first joined the Green Wood Fighting Team, you promised me that you wouldn’t interfere with my battle." Violent Saber Fighting God said leisurely. He didn’t seem to be too afraid of Mu Yijing.

"You ... Get the hell out of Green Wood Fighting Team. " Mu Yijing said angrily: "Green Wood Fighting Team doesn’t need cripples like you."

"Alright, from today onwards, I will no longer be the Green Wood Fighting Team’s War God." Violent Saber Fighting God said loudly. This was a good thing for him: "Also, I am not crippled.

After Violent Saber Fighting God finished speaking, he walked to the other door. Without taking the War God’s passage, he no longer had any relationship with the Green Wood Fighting Team.

... ....

Inside the City Lord’s Mansion, Chen Xiang was discussing about the Violent Saber Fighting God with Feng Lanyi.

"This Violent Saber Fighting God might really be able to eat Emotional heart Dan and step into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank." Feng Lanyi said, "I feel that there’s something in his body that can be like me. As long as I absorb enough fire energy, I can evolve."

"I’ve already talked to him. If he can become the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, he will definitely be on our side." Chen Xiang said: "I just know why he came to find me."

Hua Liqing returned from settling the debt, and this time, Chen Xiang was also allocated a million Tao-creation s, but Hua Liqing’s expression was serious. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"Sister Li Qing, what happened?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It’s not a good thing. Do you remember what you told me about the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor before? This guy appeared outside the Seven Mountains Divine Island." Hua Liqing said: "This fellow’s strength is extremely terrifying, he has already destroyed an entire Tao-creation Mountain ... Tao-creation Ice Mountain was destroyed by him, so all of Tao-creation’s disciples should come to Seven Mountains Divine Island. "

Feng Lanyi was the most surprised, because she knew that the Tao-creation Ice Mountain was actually destroyed. She immediately thought of something related to the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor.

"The Seven Mountains Divine Island is now sealed." Hua Liqing sighed: "I wonder what will happen next, Tao-creation Evil Ancestor is very powerful, maybe the other six Tao-creation Mountain s will be destroyed as well."

"An entire Tao-creation Mountain was destroyed, and it was even a Tao-creation sect that was annihilated." Chen Xiang asked.

"A sect from the Tao-creation." Hua Liqing said: "This is equivalent to a Tao-creation Mountain being taken down."

"To be able to destroy a sect from a Tao-creation, this is considered very strong." Feng Lanyi said: "It’s a good thing that during this period of time, a large portion of the inner sect disciples have moved to Seven Mountains Divine Island."

Feng Lanyi was previously a member of the inner sect of the Fire Mountain School and she had been moved up here as well. If the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor came here, the seven Tao-creation Mountain s outside would definitely survive and be destroyed by the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor.

Yang Genming came, his face was also gloomy, if the Seven Mountains Divine Island were to be broken through, then the Fighting Glorious City would probably fall into chaos, no matter what time, only peace and stability would allow him to profit greatly.

"What is this?" Chen Xiang saw that Yang Genming was holding onto something, it was a piece of paper.

"A portrait of the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor." Yang Genming placed the portrait on the table. There were three of them in total.

"You want that many?" Chen Xiang looked at Tao-creation Evil Ancestor’s appearance. It was an old man with a head full of black hair ... He only looked like an old man, but there weren’t many wrinkles on his face. The old man’s expression was solemn and full of dignity.

"The next two are not Tao-creation Evil Ancestor s, they are two of Tao-creation Evil Ancestor’s lackeys." Yang Genming said.

When Chen Xiang saw the two portraits, his heart was in turmoil. Tao-creation Evil Ancestor’s two followers were actually Luo Jiuyang and Gu Tong.

Back then, when Luo Jiuyang and Gu Tong teleported to the same place in the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor, they couldn’t find their whereabouts. But now, they became the followers of the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor, causing Chen Xiang’s mind to be filled with countless thoughts.

He guessed that Luo Jiuyang and Gu Tong were probably controlled by the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor, if not they would not be messing around with him.

"How strong are these two lackeys?" Chen Xiang was shocked, his expression was calm.

"World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, no matter what, you are still very strong. I heard that these two guys were the ones who destroyed the Ice Mountain Inner Sect." Yang Genming said: "At that time, Sects from Seven Mountains sealed his Tao-creation Evil Ancestor and even refined his Tao-creation Mountain into his own. It’s very normal for him to return now."

"Can the great formation of the Seven Mountains Divine Island really prevent them from entering?" Hua Liqing asked.

"They should be. Otherwise, they would have come in long ago... It’s also possible that they won’t be able to come in here for the time being and won’t know about it in the future. " This was what Yang Genming was worried about.

Now that the Sects from Seven Mountains had hidden here, it was clear that they were afraid of the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor.

Chen Xiang really wanted to understand what was going on with Luo Jiuyang and his partner, and why they became his followers.