Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang would never reveal the matter of him knowing Luo Jiuyang and Gu Tong, he still had not figured out the situation. But he could relax now, Luo Jiuyang was still alive, and Qin Shuang had been worried about this matter for many days.

Luo Jiuyang was alive, but he had become Tao-creation Evil Ancestor’s follower. When Qin Shuang found out about this, he became even more worried.

"City Lord, can’t you leave Seven Mountains Divine Island now?" Chen Xiang asked.

"It can be, but after leaving, it will be hard to come back. Only the Sects from Seven Mountains has the Transmission array which directly leads to here, and they will move to the Seven Mountains Divine Island one after another, at that time, they will also seal their Transmission array from here." Yang Genming said.

"If I want to leave the Seven Mountains Divine Island, what do I need to do?" Chen Xiang asked.

Seeing Chen Xiang ask this, Hua Liqing and Feng Lanyi were both very worried, thinking that Chen Xiang was going to do something recklessly.

"Boss Shen, why do you ask?" Yang Genming was also extremely vigilant, he was also afraid that Chen Xiang would run out, if he went out, it would be very difficult to get in, "Don’t do anything stupid!"

"I just think that the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor might use some other method to secretly enter the Seven Mountains Divine Island." Chen Xiang laughed: "I am not trying to do something stupid, I just want to know how to get out. Otherwise, if Tao-creation Evil Ancestor suddenly appears in Seven Mountains Divine Island, we won’t even know the way out, how will we escape then?"

Yang Genming immediately nodded, he did not think about this kind of thing before.

"This Seven Mountains Divine Island was originally refined from the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor’s Evil Mountain, and there are still mysterious Tao-creation Ancient Place inside, so it’s hard to say."

The reason why Chen Xiang was worried about this happening was because Luo Jiuyang and Gu Tong were at First Tao-creation Ancestor’s side. These two fellows were formation masters.

"If you want to go out, you can go through the holes under the lakes of the big cities. You can go out from there." Yang Genming said.

There was indeed a very large lake in the Fighting Glorious City. Chen Xiang had seen the lake before, so he nodded.

"Let’s do it today!" I have been busy these few days because something like this suddenly happened. I need to strengthen the Fighting Glorious City’s defenses. " Yang Genming said.

On one hand, Yang Genming was more busy. On the other hand, he wanted to try and see if he could use the Flaming Heart of Flame so that the Red fire dragon in the deep sea could step into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

When Chen Xiang returned to the secret room, he heard Qin Shuang’s voice.

"Chen Xiang, I’m going to look for my grandfather." Qin Shuang said: "There must be some sort of secret behind this, my grandfather definitely won’t be casually manipulated by others."

Luo Jiuyang was indeed such a person, if not he would not have wandered around.

"This is too dangerous." Chen Xiang shook his head.

"I have already agreed with Xuan Fei and Xueyi to let them go with me." Qin Shuang replied, "Your master also used the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals to help us refine divine weapons and protective divine artifacts."

Long Xueyi and Peng profoundfei were only at Late period of World Defying magic realm now, and had not reached its peak yet.

"If you’re not at ease, just wait for us to step into the Peak of World Defying magic realm. During this period of time, all we need to do is to eat the high grade World Defying god-becoming Dan formed by our Elixir." Qin Shuang said: "We will definitely be able to break through after staying in the Time array for a few days."

Chen Xiang was not willing, because the situation outside was very complicated. Although the Peak of World Defying magic realm was very strong, facing the people from the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, it was basically nothing. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

In the end, Bai Youyou and Su Meiyao felt that there were no problems, and only after persuading Chen Xiang for a while, did Chen Xiang agree.

Qin Shuang, Long Xueyi, Peng profoundfei and the three Young girl Danling, respectively stayed inside the Time array and the Six Realms mirrors for two days. After going through two hundred years, they stepped into the Peak of World Defying magic realm.

At night, Chen Xiang quietly arrived at the lakeside and dove in. When it was time to the end, he would release Qin Shuang and the other two girls and repeatedly remind them to be extremely careful.

As for how they were going to enter, Chen Xiang would think of a way later.

Chen Xiang also wanted to understand the situation between Luo Jiuyang and Gu Tong. If they could get rid of the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor and come here, it would be a good thing for him. At that time, he would provide them with a large amount of Tao-creation Holy Crystals and let them set up a Transmission array, connecting them to the small island on the Divine Dragon Lake.

After sending the three of them off, Chen Xiang was not at ease at all. Previously, he would always be wandering around outside, this was probably how his beloved women were feeling.

Chen Xiang returned to the City Lord’s Mansion and immediately entered the Time array s. He also had the two Young girl Danling s accompany him since he needed them to condense the Emotional heart Dan.

After obtaining the Emotional heart Dan, Chen Xiang did not eat it immediately. Instead, he put it inside the Divine Sense Sea World, so that the Red fire dragon inside could eat it. This way, the Emotional heart Dan’s energy would not be absorbed by him, but directly absorbed by the Red fire dragon.

If the Red fire dragon were to step into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, Chen Xiang would be more worried, worried that the Red fire dragon would get rid of him, but when he thought about the deep feelings he had for the Red fire dragon and how Ah Hu had merged with it, he felt that there shouldn’t be any problems.

After the Red fire dragon ate the Emotional heart Dan, a strange thing happened. It actually became smaller and smaller, the Red fire dragon was originally not very big in the Divine Sense Sea World.

"What the hell? Why is it getting smaller and smaller? What’s going on?" Chen Xiang also did not sense any change in the Red fire dragon’s aura. It did not increase nor did it have any other movements.

Although the Red fire dragon did not strengthen, it still became smaller. This meant that the Emotional heart Dan had an effect, but the effect was still not very clear.

"Whatever, let’s continue eating." Chen Xiang had let the Red fire dragon eat quite a lot of Emotional heart Dan, so he couldn’t give up.

Chen Xiang had been inside the Time Formation all day and closed up. He did not know who had come to look for him, but Hua Liqing had come by twice already. Even though she had come, she did not wake him up.

Chen Xiang had stayed in the Time Formation for five or six hundred years and had been eating Emotional heart Dan s all day.

Just as he decided to give up, he saw that the Red fire dragon’s body was emitting traces of a strange mist, and red colored flames overflowed from its scales along with a terrifying energy.

"This... Could it be that it succeeded? " What he felt just now was indeed the Legendary gas. This meant that the Red fire dragon had become a legendary beast.

"He should have succeeded!" Xiao Xianglin said: "If you don’t believe me, you can ask that little blue bird."

"That’s not necessary. I just think it’s strange that the Red fire dragon has become so small." Chen Xiang sighed: "If I release it, I wonder if it will become a little bigger."