Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

After the Red fire dragon entered the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, there was this strange change that happened. Chen Xiang was very suspicious, he did not know if this was the situation in the Azure Dragon Fighting God.

Even though Feng Lanyi was from the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, her cultivation situation was different from Chen Xiang’s. She did not cultivate any World Defying beast within the Divine Sense Sea.

"Let’s go out and take a look first. Anyway, I can feel that the Red fire dragon is able to give me a lot of power." Chen Xiang had just tested it just now. The Red fire dragon was able to send waves of Legendary gas to him, and after merging with his world’s proud power, he could become extremely strong.

After Chen Xiang walked out of the secret room, he saw Feng Lanyi here.

"Lan Yi, have you come find me during this time?" "I was too serious in my training, I might not know." Chen Xiang said.

"Li Qing has come to find you twice, mainly because of Violent Saber Fighting God." Feng Lanyi said: "Violent Saber Fighting God is still in City Lord’s Mansion, Li Qing is going out with him to participate in the trade to buy the Divine Pill Tattoo Pills."

"Let’s go see Violent Saber Fighting God." Chen Xiang said.

Feng Lanyi led the way and brought Chen Xiang to Violent Saber Fighting God’s residence.

Violent Saber Fighting God was leisurely sunbathing in a small courtyard. The fingers on his hands had already grown longer, and he looked like he was fine. Seeing that Chen Xiang had arrived, he immediately stood up and walked over.

"Hello, Boss Shen!" The Violent Saber Fighting God laughed, because what did Yang Genming call Chen Xiang.

"We talked about it in the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum." Chen Xiang nodded his head: "I have been in closed door cultivation for the past few days, which is why I am able to come to see you now."

"It doesn’t matter. If there is nothing else, I can swear a blood oath right now." Violent Saber Fighting God said: "Right now, I don’t have five hundred Tao-creation Divine Crystals, but I will definitely give them to you in the future.

Violent Saber Fighting God had only taken out a hundred Tao-creation Divine Crystals, which were all his savings over the years. It would be quite good for him to be able to accumulate this much Tao-creation Divine Crystals.

"Alright, regarding the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals, I can take it slow in the future! I can’t guarantee that my pills can help you enter the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank right now, and you need a lot of pills either, so the refining process will take some time. " Chen Xiang said.

Violent Saber Fighting God began to swear a blood oath. This blood oath was a type of contract, if it was broken, his own soul would be affected by the backlash from the contract, and it would be extremely painful.

Chen Xiang gave himself the remaining five hundred Emotional heart Dan s. Violent Saber Fighting God and Feng Lanyi were the same, the kind that were about to breakthrough successfully.

"Thank you!" Violent Saber Fighting God took one from the Storage bag. When he saw the Emotional heart Dan, the flaming heart on his chest started to tremble. It could be seen that the Emotional heart Dan was effective on him.

"What kind of pill is this?" Violent Saber Fighting God asked.

"Emotional heart Dan." Chen Xiang smiled: "Try it."

"Alright!" The Violent Saber Fighting God still had a few Tao-creation Holy stone that could be used by him. There were some in the City Lord’s Mansion that could be used by him as a wargod.

"Lie Dao, does Mu Yijing know about you coming here?" Chen Xiang asked.

"He constantly monitors the City Lord’s Mansion. He definitely knows about me entering the City Lord’s Mansion." The Violent Saber Fighting God glanced at Feng Lanyi. The reason why Mu Yijing was monitoring the City Lord’s Mansion was to find out where Feng Lanyi was, but Feng Lanyi rarely left the City Lord’s Mansion.

"Mm, you can go cultivate." Chen Xiang nodded: "I’ll wait for your good news."

Violent Saber Fighting God immediately headed to the location of the Time Formation.

Feng Lanyi said: "If he were to step into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, do you think he would be of any use to you?"

"If he still wants to become stronger in the future, he should know how to do so. He’s a smart person, and he doesn’t hate evil like he would before, not as extreme as the Azure Dragon Fighting God and Mu Yijing." Chen Xiang said.

Feng Lanyi looked around, and said softly: "Boss Shen, I feel that you have become much stronger!"

Chen Xiang’s heart stirred. Feng Lanyi could actually feel it, and he said with a smile: "Lan Yi, you felt the change in my aura?"

Feng Lanyi shook his head, and frowned: "I can’t speak, in short, it’s not a change in aura, but ... It’s my intuition that tells me you’ve become stronger. "

Beasts had very keen senses. They could always sense natural disasters ahead of time.

"Boss Shen, what have you been training in seclusion for the past few days?" You are already very strong, but you are still levelling up at this stage, you are close to the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank already. " Feng Lanyi said: "Could it be that you and Azure Dragon Fighting God are in the same situation ..."

Chen Xiang smiled and nodded: "That’s right."

Feng Lanyi took a deep breath. Chen Xiang was indeed cultivating with his World Defying beast, but it was never exposed.

"Don’t spread it around." Chen Xiang laughed.

"I know!" Feng Lanyi was very curious to know what kind of World Defying beast Chen Xiang trained in. She guessed that it was fire attributed and that Chen Xiang was strong just by using fire alone.

"Lan Yi, I have a question to ask you!" It’s just that after cultivation World Defying beast entered the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, they became very small. What’s going on? " Chen Xiang asked softly.

"Small, how small is it?" Feng Lanyi asked in shock. She obviously knew something, and looking at her reaction, Chen Xiang was also very surprised.

"So small!" Chen Xiang raised his finger and sighed.

"What kind of World Defying beast are you cultivating?" Feng Lanyi frowned, "Are you sure that the World Defying beast you cultivate has become so small?"

Feng Lanyi anxiously pulled Chen Xiang, and returned to their residence, and entered a secret room.

"Yes!" Chen Xiang nodded: "Lan Yi, is this a bad thing?"

"I don’t know if it’s a good thing or a bad thing, but it’s very rare." Feng Lanyi said: "In the legends of our World Defying beast, this is called reverse birth."

"When a World Defying beast reaches a certain point in its strength, it will evolve to a certain point. This stage is called the ’rebirth stage’, where it will grow smaller and smaller." Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Feng Lanyi paced back and forth, and was extremely anxious, "If this continues, it will become an egg, and it will be very small as well! I don’t know what will happen after that. "

"When I transform into an egg, am I not allowed to use his power?" Chen Xiang asked anxiously.

"Yes, you better hurry up and think of a way to enter the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, otherwise, when you hatch, it will affect you greatly! Legend has it that when you transform into an egg, you will absorb a huge amount of energy and condense it into a shell to protect yourself. Feng Lanyi said in a low voice: "Can you let me see your World Defying beast?"

Chen Xiang took out the Six Realms mirrors, released a few enchantments, and then released the Red fire dragon.

The Red fire dragon was very small, and after Chen Xiang released it, it looked like a beautiful little four-legged snake, lying on the back of Chen Xiang’s hand.

"This is a dragon... but it’s not. " Feng Lanyi first sensed the aura of a dragon, and then felt the aura of other World Defying beast, causing her to be confused. She looked at Chen Xiang at a loss, hoping that he would give her an answer.