Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The Red fire dragon s had fused with many other World Defying beast, and the outer dragon’s characteristics were the most obvious. At the same time, there were the auras of other World Defying beast s.

"I’m not sure what kind of dragon this is! Now that he was so young, he wondered how strong he would be in battle. Chen Xiang said as he looked at the small Red fire dragon on the back of his hand that was flapping its wings.

"It doesn’t matter, as long as you can borrow his power." Feng Lanyi said: "Give it a try, whether or not you can absorb the Legendary gas in his body. If you can successfully release it, then it doesn’t matter how big this dragon is anymore."

Chen Xiang followed Feng Lanyi’s instructions. After the Red fire dragon entered his Divine Sense Sea, he used his mind to control the Red fire dragon and released a trace of the Legendary gas. This wisp of Legendary gas could be smoothly controlled by him, and it flowed within his body ... However, when the Legendary gas flowed in his body, it made him feel very hot and uncomfortable.

It could be seen that the Legendary gas s released were very strong, and with his current strong body, he actually felt a burning pain. He only used a small strand of Legendary gas, if the Red fire dragon released a large amount of Legendary gas, it would be unbearable for him.

Chen Xiang released the strand of Legendary gas from his palm, and a scorching pressure immediately rushed over from all directions. Feng Lanyi was extremely terrified, and her face lost color as she cried out in alarm.

"Hurry up and put it away!" Feng Lanyi said anxiously: "Control that Legendary gas."

Feng Lanyi also released his own strength to suppress the ferocious Legendary gas, otherwise this secret room would definitely be destroyed.

Chen Xiang was sweating profusely, Legendary gas s were not that easy to control. Although he could force them out of his body, the moment he released them, it would cause a huge commotion and release a very strong power, if not for Feng Lanyi who anxiously resisted the suppression, the house would have been turned to dust.

After Chen Xiang put away the Legendary gas, he gasped for breath: "It’s really dangerous!"

"Your Legendary gas is really scary." Although Feng Lanyi had not been in the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank for long, she knew a lot about Legendary gas s and had asked Yang Genming for guidance before.

The Legendary gas that was released was definitely scary, but Chen Xiang was still surprised. It was just that at the moment, he was unable to control the even stronger Legendary gas that was hidden inside.

"Right now, your dragon is in the process of being reborn. I will gather more relevant information." Feng Lanyi was also very interested in Chen Xiang’s situation. What she was most curious about was the Red fire dragon that caused her to feel fear in her heart.

Feng Lanyi was also considered a phoenix, and was one of the top World Defying beast.

Hua Liqing had returned. She and Yang Genming had gone to participate in the trade fair to help Chen Xiang obtain the pellets for which he had obtained the Divine Patterned Pellet.

"Shopkeeper Shen, there will be fewer ’Divine Patterned Pills’ in this transaction ..." The main reason is that the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor has appeared. Everyone is saving precious pills for sale at a high price in the future. " Yang Genming was very gloomy.

"The price is very high now." Hua Liqing took out a box and said: "I only bought two, and used twenty of the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals ... This is a high-grade Tao-creation Divine Pellet, it can create Yuanshen Dan s, it can help the people in the Peak of World Defying magic realm level up, I am not too sure about the exact effects, but just think of it as a very good name for this pellet. "

"It’s a Divine Pill!" Chen Xiang opened the box and saw Flying Dan grain s inside. This was not the Flying Dan grain that he was familiar with, and he did not know what pill patterns it was.

"Twenty Tao-creation Holy Crystals, it’s really expensive!" Chen Xiang looked at the two pills. There were World Defying Dan grain s inside, but he had no other choice, because he did not understand the World Defying Dan grain s.

"Boss Shen, although this pill is expensive, it has a long history. It was refined and refined by a famous Alchemist in the Tao-creation, Yushan. I have also tasted it back then." Yang Genming said: "During this period of time, the price of this kind of pill is still reasonable."

In Chen Xiang’s two fights, the twenty Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals he earned were gone. It could be seen that reaching the Peak of World Defying magic realm required him to use up a lot of resources, if it were any other Peak of World Defying magic realm, it wouldn’t be so easy for him to obtain so many Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals.

"Alright, I’ll try it out first." Chen Xiang took the two pellets and entered the secret room.

"Beauty Feng Yuan, you are only in the Late period of World Defying magic realm now. I wonder if this pill will have any effect on you." Chen Xiang gave a pellet of Yuanshen Dan to He Fengyuan.

"It will definitely have an effect, but it won’t be too strong." He Fengyuan said: "I’ll try. Wait for a while more and I’ll give you an answer." Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

He Fengyuan could decompose the names of the the necessary medicinal herbs needed to create the Yuanshen Dan. Although he did not have the World Defying Dan grain s for the pellet, Chen Xiang felt that it would still be possible to add them into the Flying Dan grain.

"Beautiful Master, how is it for you to learn the ninth stage of the Tao-creation’s Incantation?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I’ve almost mastered it. I can even complete the next two incantations, but due to the complexity of the incantations, I’m still not proficient in them." Xiao Xianglin said in a tender voice: "On the other hand, those two Legendary mantra s give me a headache. As long as I can use them, I will release the clones and go in to learn. However, the progress is extremely slow."

"Forget about the two Legendary mantra s first ... I need World Defying Dan grain now, I don’t know if you can analyze the World Defying Dan grain inside by eating a pill. " Chen Xiang had a headache about this matter, he only had control over one Flying Dan grain right now, and that was not enough.

"If it was before, I definitely wouldn’t have been able to do it. However, there shouldn’t be any problems now. I can get my two clones to analyze it for me at the same time." Xiao Xianglin laughed proudly: "This is equivalent to me having three minds analyzing at the same time. I am very smart to begin with, I am a Heavenly Incantation Master, and possess an extremely high talent in the Tao-creation’s Incantation! Adding my two clones, it would be equivalent to three Heavenly Incantations! "

"Yes!" Master, you’re really amazing! " Chen Xiang’s heart was filled with envy and he couldn’t help but exclaim in admiration. He gave the made Yuanshen Dan to Xiao Xianglin and let her analyze it.

The great pill masters had a plethora of talents by their side, and many of them had pill disciples helping them study the pill formulas, or with the Incantation Master in charge of the World Defying Dan grain. If he was alone, he would not be able to handle it.

The people around Chen Xiang all had divine skills, which could help him out a lot and save him a lot of trouble.

During this period of time, Chen Xiang had also entered the Time Formation of the Six Realms mirrors to familiarize himself with it’s control. Furthermore, he had to use the Legendary gas with his demonic techniques and various battle skills, this required a period of time to familiarize himself with it.

"I wonder if others will sell World Defying Dan grain. If they can, I can buy them when the time comes." Chen Xiang definitely had to defeat Azure Dragon Fighting God and Crude Bear Fighting Emperor that day, as he would be able to obtain a large number of Tao-creation’s divine crystals from them.

Although the Fighting Glorious City was shrouded in a haze of fear brought about by the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor, on the day of the duel between Chen Xiang and the Azure Dragon Fighting God, everyone seemed to have forgotten about the affairs of the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor, especially those spectators in the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum who were filled with anticipation.