Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang arrived earlier than Azure Dragon Fighting God, while Mu Yijing and Azure Dragon Fighting God were still backstage. Newer, clearer, less advertising, like this site, you have to be good at it.] -79-

Mu Yijing looked at Chen Xiang, and said while gritting his teeth: "This guy actually took away the Fierce Blade, is the Fierce Blade crazy? "You actually followed this brat, does he not know that this brat will lose to you?"

The Violent Saber Fighting God was in the City Lord’s Mansion, and their relationship with Chen Xiang was also not bad. The entire city knew about this! Before the battle between Chen Xiang and Azure Dragon Fighting God, she had actually gone to seek support from Chen Xiang.

The Violent Saber Fighting God came out of the Green Wood Fighting Team, he had sided with Chen Xiang because he felt that Chen Xiang could defeat both the Azure Dragon Fighting God and the Crude Bear Fighting Emperor!

Why did the Violent Saber Fighting God have such huge confidence in Chen Xiang? This made everyone suspicious, and many people started to fervently discuss this matter.

"Fierce Blade was anxious and anxious to enter the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank. That’s why he was confused by Chen Xiang’s words." The Azure Dragon Fighting God said: "He thinks that Chen Xiang can help Feng Lanyi to step into World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, and similarly, help him to break through. If it was really possible, Chen Xiang himself would have stepped into World Defying Stage Legendary Rank long ago."

"That’s right, there’s a possibility that Feng Lanyi was able to enter World Defying Stage Legendary Rank with his help, but it’s all because of a coincidence. There aren’t any pills that can help people enter the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, otherwise, the streets would have been full of these. Almost all the books I want to read are available, and they are even faster to stabilize than the average station. There are no ads for all the words.] What Mu Yijing said was true, otherwise someone like the Azure Dragon Fighting God would not be willing to become a slave just to step into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank.

"Azure Dragon, go up!" "Kill this guy. Don’t let that damn baldy pick up all the cheap stuff." Mu Yijing was very confident in the Azure Dragon Fighting God, because he was very clear on the strength of the Azure Dragon Fighting God. There was a World Defying Green dragon that had stepped into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, and through this Azure Dragon, the Azure Dragon Fighting God could use Legendary gas, which was equivalent to half of the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank’s strength.

The other Battle Teams’ Emperor Warlords did not challenge each other’s Emperor Warlords. It was also because they were worried about each other, worried that the other party’s Divine Sense Sea had a legendary beast that was so arrogant.

When Crude Bear Fighting Emperor saw Azure Dragon Fighting God enter the arena, he laughed complacently and said, "Boss, we need to support that Scarlet Dragon War God. If he really can defeat Azure Dragon Fighting God, then we will be taking the spoils for ourselves."

"If Chen Xiang can really defeat Azure Dragon Fighting God, it means that he is stronger than him and can become my slave." The bald middle-aged man started laughing as if Chen Xiang was already his slave.

... ....

When Azure Dragon Fighting God arrived at the stage, although there were a few admirers of the Azure Dragon Fighting God, they did not shout too loudly.

This time, Azure Dragon Fighting God’s opponent was a very mysterious person. He could easily kill Bloody Costume Fighting God and was also a Alchemist.

"Chen Xiang, don’t worry, if you become the boss’s slave, I won’t bully you, as long as you are respectful to me." Azure Dragon Fighting God looked at Chen Xiang as if he was a slave.

"Don’t worry, I’ll do my best to let you die a happy death." Chen Xiang laughed, making him become a slave was not that easy.

"I really don’t know where your confidence comes from to defeat me. You definitely know about the things related to me, but you still made such a foolish action. It can be seen that you are only a savage person who loves his face." Azure Dragon Fighting God snorted in disdain.

"Speaking of which, you look so much more independent than me. What right do you have to say anything about me?" Chen Xiang taunted him with a face full of ridicule: "In order to step into the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank, you were willing to become a slave. "Fine, let me give you this pathetic and lowly dog life of yours. You becoming someone else’s slave is simply an insult to the dragon."

"Don’t think I don’t dare to kill you!" The veins on Azure Dragon Fighting God’s forehead popped, and his eyes immediately turned red, like an eagle’s eye. The clothes on his upper body had been ripped apart, revealing his sinister muscles, which were still squirming, a green light flashing, and pieces of green scales grew out, covering all the muscles on his body, causing his hands to become extremely big, and his hands to transform into dragon claws.

When Azure Dragon Fighting God shouted, lightning flashed and thunder rumbled in the sky. The lightning struck his body, causing the dragon scales on his body to jump in electricity, making him look even more violent. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Azure Dragon Fighting God had turned into a dragon, causing many people to exclaim in shock, because this was a very rare scene, it also meant that Azure Dragon Fighting God was going to go all out.

Chen Xiang could also transform into a Draconian before, so he could definitely obtain a lot of power, but it was just that he was still unable to do so right now.

Although the World Defying Green dragon that Azure Dragon Fighting God cultivated had already stepped into the legends, it did not seem very strong. There was indeed a gap with the Azure Dragon Fighting God, but it was not too big, otherwise the Azure Dragon Fighting God would not have been able to fuse with the World Defying Green dragon that easily and release the draconic person’s form.

The Red fire dragon s within Chen Xiang’s Divine Sense Sea were very strong, its power far surpassing Chen Xiang’s. The Legendary gas s contained in that small dragon’s body were especially tyrannical, and if he wanted to fuse with that small dragon, his body would simply not be able to handle it, and would be devoured.

Previously, when he was in the Time array s, he had already familiarized himself with them and was able to use them smoothly. However, he did not dare to try becoming a dragon.

After transforming into a dragon, his entire body had become much taller, and was three heads taller than Chen Xiang. Just by looking at his size and aura, the Azure Dragon Fighting God had far surpassed Chen Xiang.

"This guy looks very imposing. His Legendary gas is not as scary as I imagined." Chen Xiang had already grasped Legendary gas, so he was no longer afraid of Legendary gas. If it was before, he would definitely be afraid, and would not even dare to fight against it.

"You are just a piece of mud, I can crush you at any time. Surrender, and be the boss’s slave." The Azure Dragon Fighting God said with his hoarse and echoing voice. It sounded very scary.

"Begin!" An old man shouted and began to fight.

Azure Dragon Fighting God did not make a move. He was giving Chen Xiang one last chance to admit defeat.

Lightning unceasingly flashed in the sky, covering the arena like a giant net. From time to time, multiple bolts of lightning would collide, sending out frightening explosions of light.

"Admit defeat?"

Chen Xiang laughed coldly in his heart as he shot forward like an arrow, his speed reaching his limit. As if he had teleported, he crossed several tens of meters in the blink of an eye and when he arrived in front of Azure Dragon Fighting God, he struck out with both of his fists.

In front of the Heaven Blasting Palm, it surged mightily towards the front, bringing with it a trace of Legendary gas, as it violently surged towards the incoming attack. Azure Dragon Fighting God had already made his move, with a roar, his mouth spewed out a mouthful of lightning, filled with dense Legendary gas s.

The lightning directly struck the waves of Heaven Blasting Palm and clashed together. The thick lightning instantly exploded and was scattered by the Heaven Blasting Palm, exploding countless of tiny electric threads as it jumped onto the stage.

Just now, he could feel that Chen Xiang was using the weak Legendary gas. At the same time, Chen Xiang’s Bone-melting magic power had already silently passed by.