Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

When Chen Xiang injected the Bone-melting magic power into his head a moment ago, in order to lessen the damage to his head, Azure Dragon Fighting God secretly regretted it. He had transferred the Bone-melting magic power to all parts of his body and he could already feel all the bones in his body gradually melting.

Seeing Azure Dragon Fighting God’s body on the verge of collapse, Chen Xiang knew that his Bone-melting magic power had successfully penetrated the inside of his body and would have quite a good effect. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Azure Dragon Fighting God was extremely terrified and continuously urged his Legendary gas to drive the Bone-melting magic power away. Even though he could get some effect, it was too late because the Bone-melting magic power was everywhere in his body and he was unable to dispel it for a while.

When Mu Yijing, who was laughing complacently, saw Azure Dragon Fighting God’s ugly expression, his laughter came to a stop. And at this time, Chen Xiang had already slowly crawled up and dusted himself off.

Just now, the lightning on Azure Dragon Fighting God was extremely terrifying, using a large amount of Legendary gas, although Chen Xiang was not smashed into pieces, but no matter what, he should at least be severely injured, and would not be able to get up again.

Chen Xiang crawled up, his entire body turning soft, his face full of fear. Chen Xiang laughed coldly, and in a moment, he flew over, punching and slapping Azure Dragon Fighting God like a torrential storm, using his, Heaven Blasting Palm, and Heaven Blasting Palm’s energy repeatedly, he used his Legendary gas and struck every corner of Azure Dragon Fighting God’s body.

In just a few seconds, Azure Dragon Fighting God was beaten to the ground.

When Mu Yijing realized that something was amiss, he saw a large ball of flame suddenly condensing in his palm.

"Stop." Mu Yijing let out a wild roar, and released a wave of extremely terrifying Legendary gas s. However, Chen Xiang had already smashed the back of the Azure Dragon Fighting God on the ground with his palm, causing the fire to immediately soar to the sky.

Boom.

A loud explosion resounded as a wave of flames billowed out.

A large amount of flames condensed from Legendary gas were released by Chen Xiang and entered Azure Dragon Fighting God’s body. The violent flames rushed out from Azure Dragon Fighting God’s body, and his body that did not have any bones to support became extremely weak. In an instant, he was burnt to ashes by the powerful legendary dragon.

The stage was covered in flames, Chen Xiang stood within the blazing flames, with most of his body submerged inside. The flames were released by him, so it did not affect him at all.

"Where’s the Azure Dragon Fighting God?"

"How could this be? The Azure Dragon Fighting God is so powerful, how could he be defeated?"

"Even if we lose, it wouldn’t be like this. This is too fast."

"What kind of strange power did this Crimson Dragon War God use? His flames are really scary, as expected of a Alchemist."

Mu Yijing also did not know how Azure Dragon Fighting God was doing, but he looked at him with anger, he never expected that Chen Xiang had such power, that he could suppress Azure Dragon Fighting God.

It seemed like Chen Xiang was beaten to the point that he had no way to fight back, but he was suddenly turned around by Chen Xiang.

Feng Lanyi and Hua Liqing were both a little nervous just now, but now that they saw Chen Xiang standing on the fighting stage with a relaxed expression, they knew that the outcome of the battle was already set.

The flames disappeared and there was nothing on the stage.

Upon seeing this scene, everyone was dumbstruck, unable to believe what they had just witnessed.

The strongest War Emperor in the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum was actually beaten into dust, without leaving anything behind.

Mu Yijing clenched his fists tightly and glared at Yang Genming.

Yang Genming’s face was full of shock. He knew that Chen Xiang was able to defeat Azure Dragon Fighting God, but he never thought that he would be able to defeat him so thoroughly.

The bald headed middle aged man’s expression turned serious, while the Crude Bear Fighting Emperor beside him had a face full of fear, because the next battle would be between him and Chen Xiang.

Crude Bear Fighting Emperor felt that he wouldn’t be able to defeat Azure Dragon Fighting God, and would at most be able to tie with him. However, Azure Dragon Fighting God was killed by Chen Xiang, which meant that Chen Xiang’s strength was way above Azure Dragon Fighting God, and was not someone he could deal with.

"Bring it over, one thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals." Yang Genming said: "The battles in World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum, you and I are very clear, death and injury are a common occurrence."

Mu Yijing’s face trembled. He had a thousand Tao-creation Divine Crystals, and that was a huge sum of his wealth. He never thought that he would lose, which was why he had never thought that he would lose.

"If you don’t give it to me, don’t even think about leaving this place today." Yang Genming said coldly, following that, two middle-aged men from the World Defying Stage Legendary Rank walked over, these were Yang Genming’s friends, they were the boss of the team.

The rules of the Fighting Glorious City were all set by them. Although Mu Yijing was a person of the Wood Mountain Sect, if he kept his promise here, he would have to bear the consequences.

"Just you wait." Mu Yijing gritted his teeth and gave Yang Genming a Storage bag.

Yang Genming counted and after confirming that there were a thousand Tao-creation Sacred Crystals inside, he waved his hand and told Mu Yijing to leave.

Mu Yijing’s strength was about the same as Yang Genming’s, but Yang Genming had two helpers, so Mu Yijing was simply not their match.

Yang Genming looked at the bald middle-aged man and laughed: "Crude Bear Fighting Emperor, it’s your turn to go up."

Although they had already announced Chen Xiang’s victory, many people still could not believe that the Azure Dragon Fighting God had been annihilated.

Chen Xiang seized the opportunity to rest. Just now, he had consumed a lot of energy, so Azure Dragon Fighting God was extremely powerful.

Although his goal was to kill the Azure Dragon Fighting God, he did not see Chen Xiang’s true strength, especially the strange power that Chen Xiang had, which caused his heart to palpitate in fear and fear.

Before, the bald middle-aged man was always laughing, but now, he could no longer laugh. His forehead was covered in sweat.

If they were to go on stage, it was very possible that they would be killed like the Azure Dragon Fighting God. If they did not go up, then they could only admit defeat and hand over the thousand Tao-creation Divine Crystals to Chen Xiang.

Previously, they thought that Crude Bear Fighting Emperor was lucky, but now, they only thought that he was unlucky. They secretly rejoiced that they did not provoke Chen Xiang back then, otherwise, they would have a headache right now.

At this moment, the bald middle-aged man was in a dilemma.

"Do you still want to fight?" Yang Genming laughed.

The bald middle-aged man was considering the possibility of losing. If he allowed Crude Bear Fighting Emperor to take the stage, not only would he lose, he would also lose a thousand Tao-creation Divine Crystals. If he won, he would be able to obtain this powerful slave, Chen Xiang.

But Chen Xiang was very strong, it was difficult for Crude Bear Fighting Emperor to defeat him.

"I’m not fighting anymore." The bald middle-aged man wiped his sweat as he made his decision.