Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Everyone knew about the fight between Chen Xiang and Crude Bear Fighting Emperor, so they were all looking forward to it. Previously, they had thought that even if Chen Xiang was the War God Azure Dragon Fighting God, he would definitely lose the battle with him.

But now, it did not look like it was necessarily true. Everyone felt that the pressure on Crude Bear Fighting Emperor must be very strong.

If Azure Dragon Fighting God was seriously injured or something like that, Crude Bear Fighting Emperor would not be so afraid. However, Azure Dragon Fighting God was burnt into ashes by Chen Xiang, which caused Crude Bear Fighting Emperor and the bald middle-aged man to be terrified.

"This is the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal." The bald middle aged man dared not act shamelessly, if not Yang Genming would fight with him ferociously here.

"Crude Bear Fighting Emperor admits defeat, Chen Xiang wins." After the elder in charge of supervising the competition received the message, he announced loudly.

The audience burst into an uproar. Crude Bear Fighting Emperor had actually admitted defeat, and had not even fought, which made everyone feel extremely disappointed, but after thinking for a bit, it was understandable, because the chances of Crude Bear Fighting Emperor winning was not high, so he might as well go and accompany Azure Dragon Fighting God. Furthermore, he might even lose a thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals.

Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief, otherwise, he would have to put in more effort. He immediately walked off the stage to look for Yang Genming.

Seeing Chen Xiang, Yang Genming immediately passed over the two Storage bag s with a laugh: "These are your spoils of war. Two thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals, it’s not a small amount."

This could also be considered a fortune to Yang Genming.

He felt that since his relationship with Chen Xiang was that good, it would be a huge gain. Moreover, his Becoming Famous Fighting Team had already become famous, and there were already many War Gods who wanted to join his team.

Now that Chen Xiang had also risen to become the Scarlet Dragon War Emperor, the Becoming Famous Fighting Team could be said to have become a stronger warlord. Since then, the Green Wood Fighting Team had declined, and they no longer had an emperor plate wargod. Bloody Costume Fighting God and the Crazy Sword Fighting God died, and when the Violent Saber Fighting God joined the Becoming Famous Fighting Team, it could be said that the few people the Green Wood Fighting Team could fight were all gone.

Chen Xiang brought Feng Lanyi back to the City Lord’s Mansion. He had obtained two thousand Tao-creation Holy Crystals, and was extremely excited in his heart.

Right now, he could still use his Six Realms mirrors, but Xiao Xianglin’s strength was limited. If he let her refine it, she definitely could not use so many of the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals, so he could only wait.

"Beauty Feng Yuan, is there any result?" Chen Xiang was fighting previously, so she did not disturb him.

"To create a Yuanshen Dan, only one medicinal ingredient is needed." He Fengyuan said: "It’s called the Zaoyuan purple bamboo, this kind of bamboo is very small, with fingers as thick as one’s finger, it is mature to the point of only nine knots, and it requires twenty thousand years for the festival. The entire bamboo, including the leaves, can be used to concoct pills."

"It’s actually a bamboo type medicinal herb, it’s quite rare." Chen Xiang said: "I need Sister Li Qing to think of a way to buy some back."

"To be able to create a Yuanshen Dan, you need World Defying Dan grain. That kind of World Defying Dan grain seems to be more difficult than Flying Dan grain." He Fengyuan said: "You better get Li Qing to think of a way to get a few more high-quality Tao-creation’s divine medicine. I’ll go take a look at it then, and see if there are any medicinal ingredients that can fuse with the Zaoyuan purple bamboo."

"Alright." Chen Xiang nodded his head. Right now, the most difficult thing to find were the World Defying Dan grain s.

When Hua Liqing returned, when she went to settle the entrance fees, she found out that there were more than a hundred Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals.

"Sister Li Qing, help me ask around in secret if there are any World Defying Dan grain being sold ... Also, help me purchase five Zaoyuan purple bamboo and at the same time, help me buy some high-quality Tao-creation Divine Medicines. " Chen Xiang gave Hua Liqing a thousand Tao-creation Divine Crystals, telling her to be in charge of these things. "If that’s not enough, you can ask City Lord if it’s possible to keep it.

"Brother, you have to leave the Fighting Glorious City." Hua Liqing frowned, she looked at Feng Lanyi, only to see Feng Lanyi shaking his head, Chen Xiang had never told her about this matter.

"Well, I’m going away for a while." Chen Xiang looked at Feng Lanyi and said: "Lan Yi, you have to properly protect Sister Li Yi."

"Where are you going?" Feng Lanyi asked anxiously, Chen Xiang was strong enough, but Chen Xiang had provoked so many enemies, it was not safe to leave Fighting Glorious City. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"Tao-creation Ancient Place." Chen Xiang said: "I want to go inside to look for the Supreme Mantra, this is very important to me."

He thought that there was a huge relationship between Supreme Mantra and himself. If he could find them and let Xiao Xianglin learn from them, he would definitely have more and better World Defying Dan grain in the future.

"That place is very dangerous. Let’s have Lan Yi go with you." Hua Liqing said.

"No need. I can handle it myself. Lan Yi needs to stay by your side." Chen Xiang took out a few World Defying god-becoming Dan, there were even some of high, middle or low quality.

He told Hua Liqing to sell a few low rank World Defying god-becoming Dan at intervals, and the middle and lower set of World Defying god-becoming Dan would sell to Yang Genming, which was what Yang Genming needed.

These pills were all concocted from elixir spirit energy, and the quality was also very good.

"I’ll be back soon. Don’t worry about me." Chen Xiang laughed.

The two girls could only sigh lightly. They couldn’t say anything about the things that Chen Xiang insisted on doing, they could only do well in the Fighting Glorious City.

He didn’t go to find Yang Genming because he was afraid that Yang Genming would stop him. He enriched Feng Lanyi and the others so that he could tell Yang Genming only after he had left.

Deep in the night, Chen Xiang activated his Counter Power and quietly left the City Lord’s Mansion. He walked around the city a few times, and after confirming that no one was following him, he left the Fighting Glorious City.

Mu Yijing and the bald head middle aged man were both big shots in terms of power, and they had all lost to Chen Xiang in one thousand Tao-creation Divine Crystals. They would not let things rest, so Chen Xiang had to be extremely careful.

... ....

"Boss, are you just going to let Chen Xiang go?" Crude Bear Fighting Emperor was extremely unreconciled. He was currently addressed as the Bear Battle Emperor because he would admit defeat if they didn’t fight.

"What can we do, kill our way to the City Lord’s Mansion and capture Chen Xiang alive, then force him to hand over the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystals." The bald middle-aged man was not in a good mood and roared loudly.

If not for the fact that Crude Bear Fighting Emperor and Chen Xiang had a tit for tat, such a thing would not have happened. He was extremely dissatisfied with the Crude Bear Fighting Emperor in his heart.

"We can go find Mu Yijing and try to figure out a way to make amends with him." The Crude Bear Fighting Emperor said.

The bald middle-aged man nodded his head: "That’s exactly what I wanted to do, and I can only see what Mu Yijing was planning to do next. He had lost Azure Dragon Fighting God, Bloody Costume Fighting God and a thousand Tao-creation Divine Crystals, he would definitely think of a way to take them back from Chen Xiang."

"Boss, Mu Yijing is here." An old man said in a low voice outside.

The bald middle-aged man and Crude Bear Fighting Emperor were overjoyed and immediately went to greet him.

While the two team bosses was scheming against Chen Xiang, Chen Xiang had already slipped out of the city and was on his way to the Tao-creation Ancient Place.