Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Once Chen Xiang was outside the city, he started running. Although he could fly, once he was caught, he would be severely punished. He could only run.

"I wonder how Xiao Shuangshuang and the rest are doing." Chen Xiang, Peng profoundfei and the others had left the Seven Mountains Divine Island, and went out to look for Luo Jiuyang. Even if they had any news, it would be difficult for them to transmit it to him.

"They’ll be fine, don’t worry." She told Chen Xiang not to worry, while she herself was also worried.

Chen Xiang shook his head and stopped thinking about it. Otherwise, it would make him uneasy.

"Master." Chen Xiang shouted to Xiao Xianglin.

"There are already results. There are many different kinds of Tao-creation Incantations inside the World Defying Dan grain, and among them are derived incantations and rebirth incantations. These are not difficult for me." Xiao Xianglin said: "The difficult thing is, some of the Tao-creation’s incantations I do not recognize, I think it should be Supreme Mantra, I do not understand these Supreme Mantra, so I am unable to bring the entire World Defying Dan grain out."

"Are there any Supreme Mantra among the Flying Dan grain?" Chen Xiang asked.

"No, Flying Dan grain can be considered to be a very simple type." Xiao Xianglin shook his head: "If I can find those Supreme Mantra, I might be able to get them out."

"There are probably a few Supreme Mantra." Chen Xiang asked.

"At least two." Xiao Xianglin said: "These Supreme Mantra are really powerful, with the Tao-creation’s incantation, they can make the Tao-creation’s incantation stronger."

Chen Xiang could be considered to have foresight, so he was already on his way to Tao-creation Ancient Place.

More than ten days later, Chen Xiang arrived at a city.

"After passing through this city, we will be very close to the Tao-creation Ancient Place." This was how the map in Chen Xiang’s memories was written.

Coming here, he could also inquire about the matters within the Tao-creation Ancient Place. Most of the people here must have come for the sake of entering the Tao-creation Ancient Place.

There were a large number of Tao-creation Holy Crystals and Tao-creation Holy stone, and many people would risk going in to look for them. It was said that as long as one’s luck was not too bad, they would more or less be able to find a few Tao-creation Spirit Crystals, and there were also a lot of people who were able to find the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals. So above Seven Mountains Divine Island, there were a lot of Holy Crystals, and most of them were found within the Tao-creation Ancient Place.

While Chen Xiang was walking on the street, he suddenly felt many strong Spirit Qi in front of him. All of them were from the Peak of World Defying magic realm, they were quickly approaching him, many of them also sensed it, and walked to the two sides of the street.

"Bandits, arrest the bandits!" Behind the old man were more than ten middle-aged men. They were all from Peak of World Defying magic realm s, and judging from their attire, they all belonged to the same faction.

They were chasing after a black-clothed man, who was very fast, and instantly flew past Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang frowned, he looked at the black clothed man who was running far away, then followed along. Just now, the black clothed man’s movement was extremely strange, as though he was running, but actually, it was not, on the surface, just running, but he was already flying slightly, his feet did not touch the ground, but was quickly flying.

Chen Xiang followed along because this person had an aura that was very familiar to him. This aura was very weak and wasn’t too strong, so he only felt that it was familiar and didn’t know which one of the people’s auras it was from.

"Could it be Wandering Old Man Yan Jiu?" Chen Xiang felt that it was strange, because that person’s strength was not ordinary.

Although Yan Jiu was from the Fire Mountain School, Chen Xiang felt that he was not the same as those fellows from the Fire Mountain School. He also wanted to find Yan Jiu and ask him about the current situation and situation.

Chen Xiang used the Counter Power to hide himself. He used the power of the Red fire dragon to make his body more light and graceful, just like the black clothed man. He would then be able to run and fly at a very fast speed without being noticed.

After the black-clothed man left the city, there weren’t any obstructions. The speed had become even more so, as he easily shook off the people who were chasing him, leaving only Chen Xiang behind.

The black clothed man entered a dense ancient forest and slowed down. He only stopped to rest when it was night time.

Not long after he stopped, he jumped up as he sensed something.

Chen Xiang used Counter Power stealth. It was extremely secretive, but he still discovered something.

"Who is it?" The man in black asked, running away in alert.

Chen Xiang immediately gave chase.

"This guy, he actually discovered me." Chen Xiang wouldn’t reveal his identity if he wasn’t sure of the other person’s identity.

The black clothed man ran for a few days as he cursed in his heart. He had the nagging feeling that someone was following him, but he couldn’t even see a single hair. This caused him to be extremely suspicious for the past few days.

"Did I really see a ghost?" The man in black sat on the shore of a large tree. He looked around but didn’t see anything.

At this time, in the vast prairie, the tree behind him was the only one with a wide field of vision. He did not see anyone following him.

"Maybe I’m being too sensitive." The man in black thought to himself as he took off his black hood.

In the distance, Chen Xiang saw this face and was immediately stunned.

It was the Song Longprofound that he had just met. The one who called him big brother all day.

Song Longprofound possessed the talent to learn the Tao-creation’s incantations. When he said that an old man set his eyes on him and wanted to learn the Tao-creation’s incantations and equipment forging from him, Chen Xiang encouraged him to go. He did not expect to meet him in the Seven Mountains Divine Island.

"Long Xuan, it’s me." Chen Xiang immediately ran over and shouted.

Song Longprofound who was drinking water was shocked, he looked at Chen Xiang in disbelief.

"Big Brother, it’s really you." Song Longprofound laughed: "Looks like there really is someone following me these few days, big brother is truly powerful, to be able to follow me quietly like this for a few days."

Song Longprofound was sure now that he wasn’t being overly suspicious, he had really sensed that someone was nearby.

"I just felt that your aura is very familiar and I couldn’t remember who it belonged to, so I followed you to take a look." Chen Xiang laughed: "I didn’t expect it to be you, brat ... You’re already a Peak of World Defying magic realm, you’re really fast. "

Song Longprofound did not know about the matter of the Fighting Glorious City, but it had yet to spread to other cities.

"Brother, you’re also very strong. I feel like I’m no longer a match for you. Your cultivation was even lower than mine back then." Song Longprofound lamented.

"Long Xuan, did you come to Seven Mountains Divine Island alone?" Chen Xiang asked.

"My master sent me here." Song Longprofound said: "He asked me to come here to look for something, and I will leave if I find it."

"Who is your master?" Chen Xiang asked curiously.

"This... I’m sorry, I can’t tell you right now. " Song Longprofound scratched his head. It looked like he had a good relationship with his master.

"It doesn’t matter." Chen Xiang patted his shoulder, and laughed: "Brat, how can you be treated like a bandit? What did you steal from them?" This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com