Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Song Longprofound took out a small box and said: "This is a rock, it is much more powerful than the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal. I was the one who found it first, when I was digging, they suddenly ran over and said it was theirs.

Song Longprofound was outnumbered, he would definitely not fight with that group of people, so he immediately ran off, and even ran into the city.

"What kind of stone is this? It actually made the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal even more powerful." Chen Xiang took the small box, and when he opened it, he found that it was actually a pitch black stone.

Just from the surface, Chen Xiang could not see how much stronger this stone was compared to the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals.

The Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal contained an extremely dense amount of energy. Forget about the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystal, even the energy inside the Tao-creation’s Holy stone could make the Time Formation circulate.

"I don’t know the exact name of this stone either. My master said that it just looked like a stone. " Song Longprofound took it and held it in his hand: "My master once showed me, after I memorized the aura unique to these stones, I passed by that place and felt it, I dug it out."

"Something that looks like stone." Chen Xiang looked at it again carefully, and even pinched it vigorously, to the point where it could actually be squashed flat. If it was the Tao-creation’s Divine Crystal, it would not be so easy to change its shape.

"Master said that this was a fossil made of bone. It was originally a bone, but because many years had passed, it turned into stone." Song Longprofound laughed: "If you want this stone to become stronger, you need to use a flame to refine it, otherwise it will only become very normal."

"What does your master use this for? Is it used to refine weapons?" Chen Xiang was extremely curious, because Xiao Xianglin was an artificer. She had never heard of this material before.

"He can even refine pills. I’ve only heard him say that this kind of thing is very powerful. As for the specific effects, I’ve never seen them before." Song Longprofound sighed: "This time, when we return, I will let him show me."

"Oh right, big brother, why are you here? This road leads to the Tao-creation Ancient Place, are you going there?"

Chen Xiang looked ahead, and nodded: "Yes, you know Tao-creation Ancient Place."

Song Longprofound’s expression was very strange. He only nodded his head, as if he was engaging in some sort of secret and didn’t tell Chen Xiang.

"That place is rather dangerous now, but big brother, you’re so strong, so nothing will happen to you." Song Longprofound laughed.

"Could it be that you have been to the Tao-creation Ancient Place before?" Seeing Song Longprofound’s mysterious appearance, Chen Xiang was even more curious about Song Longprofound’s master, as if he was trying to get Song Longprofound to do some incredible thing.

"This stone was dug out from the Tao-creation Ancient Place. That group of fellows were chased out from the Tao-creation Ancient Place." Song Longprofound scoffed, "These people, they only know how to bully the young with their numbers. If they were to come out and fight me alone, I will definitely teach them a lesson."

"Long Xuan, where are you going next?" Chen Xiang asked.

"I have my own business... If you enter the Tao-creation Ancient Place, you will have to stay far away from the places that have this pattern on them. " Song Longprofound took out a piece of paper and drew an octagonal diagram on it. There were many diagrams inside the octagonal diagram.

"Why are you so far away when you see these patterns?" Chen Xiang asked.

"This... I can’t say too much. In short, the place with this kind of pattern is a place where strong people live, and these kinds of patterns would usually appear on big trees and big rocks. You just need to pay a little attention and you would be able to find it. " Song Longprofound said: "Big Brother, I still have something important to do. Otherwise, I’ll go in with you."

"It’s fine. Go and busy yourself with what you need to do." Chen Xiang took the piece of paper, and looked at the pattern on it. He felt that it was extremely strange, "Long Xuan, do you know anything about the Supreme Mantra?"

"Of course I know that, big brother. Could it be that you want to enter the Tao-creation Ancient Place to search?" Song Longprofound said in shock.

Chen Xiang nodded, if he wanted to master an even higher World Defying Dan grain, he had to find one.

"This is rather difficult. You might not know this, but the majority of the people who were able to obtain the Supreme Mantra from the Tao-creation Ancient Place were all in the late stages of the legendary realm. They required a certain amount of strength." Song Longprofound sighed.

Song Longprofound was overjoyed that he knew about the Supreme Mantra. He felt that it must have been Song Longprofound’s master who told him about it.

"How can I get it?" Chen Xiang had to give it a try.

"There is a type of beast called Paternoster beast in Tao-creation Ancient Place, I don’t know about it that appeared like that. In short, all of these Supreme Mantra have a crystal core inside their bodies, and if you want to obtain these Supreme Mantra, you just need to kill them." Song Longprofound’s expression became heavy: "Big brother, if you encounter them and discover that you are inferior to them, you must immediately escape, these Paternoster beast are able to use their own incantations to release a very strong power."

"Long Xuan, you really know a lot of things. Truly amazing." Chen Xiang laughed, now he finally knew a bit about the Supreme Mantra. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

After Song Longprofound gave his warning to Chen Xiang a bit more, he quickly left. It could be seen that he really had something important to do, but he didn’t know what it was.

Chen Xiang then proceeded to the Tao-creation Ancient Place alone.

"Master, can you see what’s inside the pattern?" Chen Xiang showed the octagonal diagram that Song Longprofound had given him to Xiao Xianglin.

"What a strange pattern." Xiao Xianglin let out a cry, and said in shock: "The pattern within the Octagonal Star is formed by gathering eight lines, and these eight lines all have a pattern within them, it’s not something that can be drawn easily. As for the situation, I don’t know."

Upon stepping into the Tao-creation Ancient Place, Chen Xiang immediately felt a bizarre power attacking him. This kind of power was hard to describe.

"Is this the Tao-creation Ancient Place’s old nest?" Chen Xiang looked at the misty fog in front of him, it was like a veil shrouding the secrets of this Tao-creation Ancient Place.

"Sects from Seven Mountains, now you’re hiding here like a bear, you can see how afraid they are of Tao-creation Evil Ancestor." Bai Youyou said: "And back then, the Sects from Seven Mountains possessed immense power, sealed the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor, and even created this Seven Mountains Divine Island. They don’t have that power anymore."

"At that time, there were also many First Tao-creation Ancestor s who participated in it. These First Tao-creation Ancestor s were all the ancestors of the Sects from Seven Mountains." Chen Xiang said: "But now it seems that all of these First Tao-creation Ancestor s have disappeared."

He Fengyuan said: "It’s very possible that those First Tao-creation Ancestor s are hiding inside the Tao-creation Ancient Place. I’m not blindly guessing.

"Also, the seven Tao-creation Mountain s are huge, but they do not have much Holy stone s and sacred crystals, only this place has the most. My guess is, the seven Tao-creation Mountain s that have the Tao-creation’s sacred crystals and Holy stone s are all gathered here." This book is the first issue from the 17K web site, the first time to see the original content!