Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Popular recommendation: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

Chen Xiang was puzzled as to why the Tao-creation Ancient Place in the middle of all the Seven Mountains Divine Island would possess so many Tao-creation s!

"If your guess is correct, it is indeed a very dangerous place. "So fast." Chen Xiang took out the piece of paper that Song Longprofound ’handed over’, frowned and said, "Could it be that this pattern means that there is a power distribution inside, and in order to facilitate identification, it was engraved with this pattern?"

"Your goal here is the Supreme Mantra, don’t think too much about other things." Xiao Xianglin said: "Let’s first check on the strength of those Paternoster beast. If they can’t beat us, then we can think of another way."

As Chen Xiang stepped into the grey mist, he looked at the soil on the ground. It was also grey, but it emitted a strange life force.

There were a lot of people who entered, he could see a lot of footprints on the road, and he could hear the sound of people shouting, this was the outskirts of Tao-creation Ancient Place, so it was safer here.

Chen Xiang advanced quickly. He had understood a few things about the Tao-creation Ancient Place previously, it was just that there was a grey fog outside, as long as he passed through it, he would be able to see the second barrier of the Tao-creation Ancient Place, which was a continuous gigantic mountain.

The first barrier was a grey mist that filled the sky, covering everything inside. The second barrier were countless mountains, cutting off the inside of the Tao-creation Ancient Place.

The third barrier was said to be an extremely terrifying river.

Very quickly, Chen Xiang passed through the gray fog barrier. Soon after, he saw layers upon layers of tall mountains in front of him. He frowned, released his Six Realms mirrors, and then let it hang in the sky. Read the full text of the latest chapter

"We can only fly in. It shouldn’t be so easy to be discovered in this place." Chen Xiang rode on his Six Realms mirrors, using Counter Power Invisibility. He felt that as long as he flew a little slower, it would be fine.

After flying high in the sky, he saw the mountains far below him and felt a chill in his heart. He felt that if he were to walk, he would need to cross at least ten thousand mountains in order to pass through this mountain range barrier.

There were more than ten thousand mountains blocking their path!

After Chen Xiang flew into the mountain, he saw a few people digging around. They were the people who were looking for the Tao-creation’s Holy stone and the Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals.

"Many mountains have been flattened." Outside, there were at least a hundred or so tall mountains that had been dug up. These were the actions of the people who had entered this place to search for the Tao-creation’s Sacred Profound Realm.

"Chen Xiang, you might not be able to meet the Paternoster beast just by flying in the sky like this." Xiao Xianglin said.

"True, I’ll fly at a low altitude." Chen Xiang flew a bit closer and at the same time, carefully observed what was below.

After half a day, he did not discover any Paternoster beast. Instead, he heard a series of tremors in the distance, as if two powerful forces were fighting in front of him.

"Someone is fighting? Could he be fighting with a Paternoster beast? " Chen Xiang anxiously flew over, he also wanted to see the power of the Paternoster beast, this would let him be prepared.

After he quietly went closer, he was disappointed, because he was not fighting with the Paternoster beast, but rather with the humans.

Chen Xiang flew closer to take a look and was shocked. He saw a familiar face!

"Senior Yan Jiu!" Chen Xiang exclaimed in his heart. Yan Jiu was fighting with someone else.

"He’s been surrounded by more than a hundred people. Those fellows are all from the Peak of World Defying magic realm." Chen Xiang was overwhelmed with shock, but Yan Jiu was already covered with injuries. What made him surprised was that the hundred odd people surrounding and attacking Yan Jiu, all had terrifying powers, in the World Defying Stage Peak Divine Rank Colosseum, they were all his trump cards.

Yan Jiu was also terrifyingly strong, to think that he had to defend against so many people for such a long time, it could be seen that he had been hunted down for a long time.

"He can’t run now." thought in his heart. He secretly activated the spatial formation and Time Formation inside the Six Realms mirrors and directly fused it into the Time and space power, which he then used.

Yan Jiu’s body had already been pierced through by over 10 broken swords, his entire body was drenched in blood, the wounds were extremely shocking, even a few of his fingers were broken, and his eyes had been stabbed blind.

"Spacetime Shift!" Once Chen Xiang had accumulated enough Time and space power, he teleported Yan Jiu here and used the Time and space power to travel a long distance.

Just a moment ago, that group of people were still fighting fervently with Yan Jiu, but in the blink of an eye, Yan Jiu disappeared.

"Where’s Yan Jiu?"

"He was saved by someone. Just now, there was a very strong power of space!"

"It’s really rare to see someone who can control the power of space so well!"

"This isn’t our fault, let’s hurry back and report." RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"The chase for more than a month was wasted just like that."

... ....

"Brat, it’s you!" Although Yan Jiu was wounded all over, he did not faint. He felt it was unbelievable when he saw that it was Chen Xiang with his only remaining eyes.

"Senior Yan, you saved me last time, I’ve finally returned the favor." Chen Xiang said with a smile, then began to treat Yan Jiu’s injuries.

He first pulled out the broken sword from Yan Jiu’s body, then took out a few transparent beads. After he crushed these beads, some water leaked out.

These droplets of water landed on Yan Jiu’s body, causing his wounds to quickly heal.

In less than an hour, Yan Jiu’s body had fully recovered. He did not receive any internal injuries, and during his battle, he had been extremely protective of his Divine Sense Sea. Right now, he was only extremely exhausted.

"I truly never would have thought that you would come here." Yan Jiu chuckled: "The last time I saw you, you were still very weak, and were almost annihilated by Wood Mountain Sect’s outer sect Leader s."

Yan Jiu was extremely moved.

"I went to the Tao-creation Fire Mountain before. I wanted to look for you ... However, I later realized that ’Flame Mountain Sect’ is not as good as I had imagined. " Chen Xiang said. Back then, Yan Shan had wanted to obtain all kinds of pill formulas from Hua Li Qing.

"Haha, it’s not only you. Even I, who grew up in Yan Mountain’s sect since I was young, did not expect that the true appearance of Yan Shan’s sect would actually be like this. It was the Yan Mountain Sect that sent people to kill me." When Yan Jiu talked about this matter, his eyes were filled with tears.

"Why is that?" Chen Xiang was completely shocked. Yan Jiu, who was loyal to the Yan Mountain Sect, was actually being hunted like this.

"It’s a long story!" Yan Jiu shook his head. "I am too disappointed with the Yan Mountain Sect."

"Senior, I remember that you said before that you would report about the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor to Flame Mountain Sect ... Now, the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor has destroyed one of them. " Chen Xiang said.

"Hmph, the destruction of the Tao-creation Mountain was not done by the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor!" Yan Jiu laughed coldly: "I only just found out about this matter ... The seven Tao-creation Mountain s have an extremely strong killing array and seal inside of them, all for the sake of waiting for the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor, so that when the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor descends upon them, he can trigger the killing array and seal them. The sealing array will first activate, the Tao-creation Evil Ancestor will be sealed, and then the killing array will open.

"This... Is this true? " Chen Xiang could not believe it: "They themselves control the Tao-creation Mountain, and there are also many disciples in the Tao-creation Mountain, why would they want to eliminate them?"