Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Isolated

Translated By - Ash

Edited By - Beansprout

Hi guys,

We have a new member who had joined WDDG family. Please welcome out new editor Beansprout who is going to be helping me out in editing WDDG chapters.

Enjoy.

16/30th chapter of this month.

Anyway from the looks of it I can only give 25 chapters this month. We will see whether I can increase or not.

Xiao Ziliang was completely aware of the current predicament. It was really not the time to be in conflict. If they could become allies, it might be possible to reduce the loss everyone would have to suffer while crossing the catastrophe.

"For the time being, let’s put down this matter. In the future, I am going to settle it with you." Xiao Ziliang said.

Upon hearing this, Gu Dongchen heaved a sigh of relief. His complexion suddenly turned heavy, "Xiao Ziliang, you often travel overseas, do you know why some guys haven’t come?"

As Gu Dongchen asked this matter, a frown immediately appeared on Xiao Ziliang’s face. He glanced at Chen Xiang and said, "Little guy, you should leave now, it is better for you to stay away from this."

Chen Xiang realized from the solemn expression on Gu Dongchen and Xiao Ziliang’s face that the matter was rather serious. He became extremely intrigued about it, but he didn’t expect he would be driven out.

Gu Dongchen forcefully coughed and said, "Young Martial Uncle, naturally, there are reasons why Xiao Ziliang is asking you to leave!"

Chen Xiang snorted, left in curiosity and anger. He suspected that Xiao Ziliang was aiming at him.

"How about you turn into a bird and eavesdrop on them?" Su Meiyao suggested.

Chen Xiang was also planning to do this, but Long Xueyi suddenly poured cold water on him, "It’s not going to be possible, the two of them have jointly laid down a barrier!"

It had not been long since he came out of the room, yet they had laid down a barrier. It was quite apparent how extraordinary this matter was.

"Are there many mainlands in the Mortal Martial World? If fewer people have arrived, what does this mean?" Not to mention the entire Mortal Martial World, he didn’t even completely understand just the Chenwu Mainland.

The Mortal Martial World was just a Mortal World in the countless Mortal Worlds. There were thousands upon thousands of Mortal Worlds, and generally only Nirvana Realm and above martial artists had the strength to travel around the world. If one wanted to navigate the worlds, he would have to find some rifts to cross.

"There are so much more, but even I am not aware of the exact number. Since Gu Dongchen said that some people have not arrived, something must have definitely happened!" Su Meiyao was also pondering about what might have happened which caused the people of the other mainlands to be unable to come.

When Chen Xiang was fighting with Xiao Chou, he had discovered many Nirvana Realm martial artists around. As far as he was concerned, it was already quite spectacular, but according to Gu Dongchen, it was far less.

Bai Youyou said, "Some of the mainlands are very small and are lacking in resources. And naturally they are lacking in strong experts, they might just have only one sect. Now it seems, some small mainlands had sent a Nirvana Realm Dean and brought some apt disciples to attend the Hero Assembly."

It was very hard to perceive the cultivation of Nirvana Realm martial artists, so as Su Meiyao and the others weren’t able to tell their cultivation, they naturally didn’t know who was strong and who was weak. If they could perceive their strength, then they could tell with surety whether they had come from these barren mainlands or not.

The strength of a sect could generally be gauged by looking at the number of disciples and Nirvana Realm martial artists as well as the strength of the Dean. That was why it was very difficult to determine at the moment.

"Sister Youyou, you suspect that these powerful mainland has not sent anyone?" Chen Xiang asked. The Demon and Devils were going to invade through the Chenwu Mainland. This was going to affect the entire Mortal Martial World. If these powerful mainlands were not going to help, didn’t that mean that the Chenwu Mainland would be exterminated?

Thinking of this point, Chen Xiang’s heartbeat became erratic. He was still sitting at the entrance of the room. He truly wanted to know what Gu Dongchen and Wu Kaiming were discussing about.

Su Meiyao said, "Senior sister’s suspicion is not without any basis. After all, the Mortal Martial World is very vast. Gu Dongchen must have used some Extreme Martial Sect’s brilliant grade equipment which had been handed down from the past to transmit information with speed of light to every corner of the Mortal Martial World. Yet after so many months, only a handful of people have arrived!"

Bai Youyou pondered for a bit and said, "How is it possible that the young disciples who have arrived are worse than the outstanding disciples of the Chenwu Mainland. There are more than sixty mainlands and yet only a few of them have challenged. If there were disciples from those powerful mainlands, they would not have let the Extreme Martial Sect’s disciples win so many rounds."

Previously, Chen Xiang from Gu Dongchen came to know that many disciples from other mainland had all challenged the Extreme Martial Sect, yet the Extreme Martial Sects had won the majority of the fights. From this point, it was evident that the Extreme Martial Sect’s strength was comparable to a few dozen mainlands who had arrived!

At this time, Chen Xiang suddenly understood one point. Gu Dongchen had allowed the Extreme Martial Sect’s disciples to fight with the disciples of the other mainland not only for the glory, he also wanted to take this opportunity to gauge the strength of these mainlands.

Liu Menger had similarly taken Leng Youlan and Xue Xianxian to challenge everyone. Xiao Ziliang had also similarly made Xiao Chou seek opponents!

Now Chen Xiang was completely sure that they have all done this to assess how strong these people from other mainlands were.

"Things seems to be very serious!" Chen Xiang suddenly felt that he was too young, his experience was too shallow. Now, he very much wished to know what this meant.

He immediately arrived at the Divine Weapon Shop. Since everyone here knew Chen Xiang and Xue Xianxian’s relation, he was not stopped and freely arrived at the top floor.

Today, he came for Liu Menger. Maybe he could learn something.

Realizing Chen Xiang had arrived, Xue Xianxian’s body floated like a drifting smoke and arrived next to Chen Xiang. She laughed and said, "Where is your apprentice? Why didn’t you bring him to meet with us?"

Leng Youlan too was planning to make a few jokes but noticing that Chen Xiang’s complexion wasn’t right, she asked, "Brother, what’s the matter?"

At this time, Xue Xianxian too noticed something was wrong, she took Chen Xiang’s arm and asked, "Brother Xiang, what happened?"

Chen Xiang heaved a little sigh, smiled and caressed Xue Xianxian’s face before looking at Liu Menger, "Sister Menger, I want to ask you something."

After Liu Menger offered Chen Xiang to sit, she said, "What are you waiting for?"

"Aren’t the guys from the other mainland very weak?" Chen Xiang asked in a solemn tone.

"You don’t need to worry about this, sigh..." Liu Menger was stupefied for a moment, she heaved a light sigh, "This thing is very complicated. Even if you know it will be useless because you can’t do anything. Leave it to us, the Nirvana Realm martial artists to worry."

Chen Xiang was startled, shook his head and said, "I can’t do that, I am a resident of the Chenwu Mainland. I, too, like you facing the dangerous situation. Furthermore, I have done plenty of things inside the One Hundred Thousand Devil Mountains or else you won’t be sitting here drinking tea with relief."

Chen Xiang was indeed right. He had released Bai Ziqian in the One Hundred Thousand Devil Mountains who had extinguished that powerful Double-Headed Snake Demon along with the army of Evil Demons. As a result of which the barrier disappeared. Otherwise, if the Double-Headed Snake Demon was alive, he would have brought that army of Evil Demons outside.

Naturally, Liu Menger didn’t know what Chen Xiang was talking about. And Chen Xiang too wanted to keep things about Bai Ziqian and the Suppressing Devil Divine Cultivation under wrap, so he also didn’t say anything.

"Alright, I can only tell you that our Chenwu Mainland is located in the eastern sea. In the endless sea, our mainland is like an island. Currently, only people from a few dozen mainlands have arrived and these mainlands are weak in strength. You can say these mainlands are no bigger than the Divine Weapon Heavenly Empire and their overall strength is very poor." Liu Menger helplessly sighed. She seemed to know some things. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Chen Xiang knew Chenwu Mainland was relatively big and fertile too. Otherwise, why else would it be so strong after so many years, why else would it have so many powerful sects?

"Our Chenwu Mainland is being isolated!" Liu Menger bitterly smiled.