Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chen Xiang had previously learned from Yan Jiu that not only were Paternoster beast difficult to deal with, they were also extremely rare.

"To use a large group of people from a sect to deal with a single Paternoster beast, you still need many years to take it down. Isn’t this just too scary?" Chen Xiang was flying at a low altitude, shuttling between several large mountains. His speed was very slow, allowing him to clearly see the movements below.

"The Supreme Mantra is a very powerful Tao-creation Incantation, it should be somewhere between a Legendary mantra and a Tao-creation Incantation. Yan Jiu said that it is very difficult to obtain a Supreme Mantra, but at least there is a direction, and he knows that there is a Paternoster beast that can be hunted here, and if he wants to obtain a Legendary mantra, it is extremely difficult, and he does not know where he obtained it." Xiao Xianglin said.

Otherwise, the patriarch of the Dragon-Elephant School would not have used such a despicable method to steal away his Legendary mantra. There was also the fact that the Legendary mantra was extremely hard to control, and even if one could obtain it, learning to use it was still one thing.

Chen Xiang felt that it was difficult to control the Legendary mantra, and seeing Xiao Xianglin using the Doppelgänger mantra was extremely easy, which made him envious, but he was unable to learn it.

Xiao Xianglin often had his two clones learn the other two Legendary mantra s, and even learned them from the Time array s. It had been a long time, but he still hadn’t learned them. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"Master, do you think you can turn the Legendary mantra into a World Defying Dan grain and let me refine it into a pellet so that I can produce the effects of the Legendary mantra? For example, the pellet I refined has a Doppelgänger mantra. Chen Xiang laughed: "That way, I won’t have to learn the Legendary mantra."

"It should be possible... However, what materials do you want to use when refining the pellet? Without sufficient energy, it is impossible for the Legendary mantra to make it work, and the Legendary mantra have special powers, so the amount of energy required to make it work is extremely huge. " Xiao Xianglin said: "If you were to grasp the Legendary mantra yourself, the consumption rate would be much less."

"If I have the chance, I’ll try again. I just have this thought." Chen Xiang said.

Right now, he was having a headache how to find Paternoster beast. In these past few days, he had already given up on the idea of killing Paternoster beast.

"Tao-creation Ancient Place is very big, but Paternoster beast are very rare, so it would definitely not be easy to find them." Xiao Xianglin said: "After all these years, Paternoster beast have also been arrested and killed. The number is becoming fewer and fewer, making it even harder to find."

Chen Xiang stopped and landed on the peak of a tall mountain, "Master, the reason why the Paternoster beast could be born is definitely because of the Supreme Mantra. There should be scattered Supreme Mantra within the Tao-creation Ancient Place, and then, these Supreme Mantra would turn into beasts ... Just like Ah Hu. "

Ah Hu was formed from a Legendary mantra.

"That’s right." Xiao Xianglin said.

"There is a Supreme Mantra in the crystal core of the Paternoster beast. That is to say, this kind of beast must be very interested in things like incantations." Chen Xiang said, "Then Master, is there any way for you to make the powerful incantation release its aura before going to attract the Paternoster beast?"

Xiao Xianglin felt that Chen Xiang’s idea was not bad. She thought about it and said: "If I’m not wrong, the Paternoster beast itself can evolve, there are two ways. The first way is to use the Supreme Mantra in his body to absorb energy and strengthen itself, and the other way is to learn other incantations, and then fuse with your own incantations to make your own Supreme Mantra stronger."

"So, we can try using these two methods to see if we can lure out the Paternoster beast." Xiao Xianglin said: "I’m afraid the first energy method will be difficult, because the Paternoster beast are already very strong, and there are a lot of Tao-creation’s Holy Crystals inside, whatever we control right now, the released energy might not be enough to attract the Paternoster beast."

"I can only use the second method ..." Even if Legendary mantra s are not as powerful as Supreme Mantra s, they would not be much weaker, at least in the same level. " Chen Xiang said.

"Yes, I can give it a try with the Doppelgänger mantra that I have mastered now." Xiao Xianglin came out from You Yao Mountain Villa.

"Master, are you still a clone?" Chen Xiang was unable to differentiate between Xiao Xianglin’s clones.

"Main Body, I didn’t release any clones." Xiao Xianglin laughed tenderly, "You little scoundrel, you don’t even recognize this master’s clone or this sovereign."

"If you get more intimate with me, maybe I’ll be able to tell." Chen Xiang said in all seriousness.

Xiao Xianglin cursed in a low voice before closing his eyes and inscribing Legendary mantra in the air.

Legendary mantra s were formed by 18 strokes, and the highest level nine incantation for Tao-creation was only nine strokes. It was extremely difficult to learn, let alone these eighteen strokes for Legendary mantra.

Chen Xiang looked at Xiao Xianglin’s smooth and smooth process of inscribing a complicated eighteen strokes of Legendary mantra s, and his heart was filled with admiration. He did not know when he would be able to do it.

Xiao Xianglin completed it in one breath, and used his own energy to create a Doppelgänger mantra in the air. Chen Xiang also did not feel any aura, and seemed to be full of spirituality.

"We have to get away from here." Xiao Xianglin anxiously said, and then entered the You Yao Mountain Villa.

Chen Xiang immediately rode on his Six Realms mirrors and left, observing everything from the top of a tall mountain. His eyesight was very good, he could see the Doppelgänger mantra that was carved on the gigantic boulder’s wall at the top of the mountain.

"Master, this Doppelgänger mantra of yours doesn’t have any aura. Will it have any effect?" Chen Xiang asked.

"This you don’t understand, the Legendary mantra does not have any aura, but the incantation is closely linked to the incantation, if you reach a certain realm, you will understand the connection, for example, me, if I meet the Tao-creation Incantation that is exposed outside, I will immediately be able to sense and recognize what Incantation it is." Xiao Xianglin said, "Perhaps, we can directly see them from a few enchantments and formations."

"Master, you are so awesome. In the future, you must teach me how to learn the Tao-creation’s incantations." Chen Xiang laughed.

"I know, I’ll teach you whenever you want to learn from me." Xiao Xianglin laughed tenderly: I’m afraid you won’t have that kind of patience, Xiao Ke’er’s patience is not bad, her current progress is huge.

When Xiao Xianglin was in the You Yao Mountain Villa, he would often teach the girls how to learn the Tao-creation’s incantations. In any case, when the Time array opens, one or two people would not be affected much by it.

Chen Xiang had waited for more than ten days already, but the Doppelgänger mantra on the mountain top opposite could still be seen clearly. At this moment, he could see even more clearly at night.

"Master, the Doppelgänger mantra that you used your energy to create is truly magical. The energy actually did not dissipate. It’s been more than ten days." Chen Xiang said. If he were to use the Tao-creation Incantation, he would not be able to last so long.

"That’s true, my Legendary mantra can be maintained for a very long time ..."

Just as Xiao Xianglin finished speaking, Chen Xiang saw a black shadow suddenly appear next to the huge stone wall at the top of the mountain opposite him.