Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"Something has appeared. I wonder if it is a Paternoster beast!" Chen Xiang shouted to the You Yao Mountain Villa in shock.

"Is there anything special about it?" Xiao Xianglin did not dare to come out, as she was worried that her concealing of her Qi was not as good as Chen Xiang’s, and would lure the Paternoster beast over.

Paternoster beast were very strong, and if they were discovered, it would not be a good thing.

"I can’t see what this is!" Chen Xiang was depressed: "I can only see its shape, it looks like a skinny big monkey."

"Why can’t I see it clearly?" Xiao Xianglin felt that Chen Xiang’s words were very strange.

"Alright, it’s just a ball of black shadow, but it can move ..." Chen Xiang said: "This thing only has shadows."

"I wonder if it’s a Paternoster beast." Xiao Xianglin somewhat understood what Chen Xiang was saying, and she asked: "What is this thing doing?"

"He’s looking at your Doppelgänger mantra, he’s watching it very seriously, and sometimes he walks around, but he doesn’t touch it either." Chen Xiang said: "What should we do now?"

Xiao Xianglin also felt very helpless, they could not be sure if this was a Paternoster beast or not. If it was, then there was nothing they could do, because the Paternoster beast were very strong, if they went there, it would be more dangerous.

"How about we risk getting closer to take a look." Xiao Xianglin said.

"Good, even if it’s a very powerful fellow, with my strength, I will definitely be able to escape." Chen Xiang had thought about this since long ago, so he decided to ride his Six Realms mirrors and fly over at the slowest speed possible.

Halfway there, he saw the skinny monkey move as if it was looking at him.

"I am such a fool. The Six Realms mirrors would trigger the Flying mantra when it flies. This thing is so sensitive to incantations, it will definitely discover me." Chen Xiang scolded himself in his heart as he began to try his best to teleport away.

He had already made preparations to escape long ago, so he quickly activated the Time and space power and teleported once.

"It’s safe!" Chen Xiang heaved a sigh of relief, only to see a black shadow appear in front of him.

"Motherf * cker, how did I teleport here?" Chen Xiang cursed in his heart, without saying a word, he swung the Six Realms mirrors in front of him, but the black shadow did not move.

Chen Xiang took a few more steps back, but the black figure still did not move. Then, he continued to retreat, and just as he was about to fly, he was pressed down by a pressure and was unable to fly.

"Skinny Monkey... Do you understand human speech? " Sensing that the other party did not want him to leave, Chen Xiang dared to ask.

"Skinny?" From the looks of the voice, it was a woman.

Chen Xiang was driven mad, was this a human or a beast!

"Ugh ..." "Hello, why don’t you let me run away?" Chen Xiang asked.

The black figure suddenly twisted, and with a flash of white light, a woman in a white dress appeared. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The woman was tall and had a charming face. Her jet-black hair was adorned with a beautiful snow-white hair ornament. What was surprising was that there were nine fluffy snow-white tails behind her waist. She was extremely beautiful.

"Is this a fox?" Chen Xiang thought, a woman’s nine tails, could very easily make people think of a Nine-tailed Fox.

"Did you just call me skinny monkey?" The woman’s face revealed a charming smile. She chuckled and asked, "Do I look like a monkey?"

"This... "You were just a shadow just now. I can see you from afar ..." Chen Xiang scratched his head and laughed. Actually, he himself had been seen by others as a monkey many times.

The woman giggled, then pointed to the Doppelgänger mantra diagram on the giant wall and asked: "Is this related to you?"

Chen Xiang nodded, he was still not sure if this extremely charming fox spirit was actually a Paternoster beast or not. What he was sure was that she was extremely interested in that Legendary mantra.

The thing that shocked Chen Xiang the most was that this Nine-tailed Fox Spirit seemed to be very powerful, but he did not sense any kind of strong aura. Instead, he could smell a tempting body fragrance that made his heart move from time to time.

"Did you do it?" It’s really amazing! " The lady stared at the Doppelgänger mantra with her charming eyes, her expression was filled with admiration as she praised.

"No, it was my master who did it." Chen Xiang could sense that the lady did not have any killing intent, so he was relieved. "Miss, I was leaving just now, did you bring me here?"

"I sensed that someone was trying to leave through space. I also released my Spatial Force and connected the spatial passageway you opened to this place. Then, I let you come over." That kind of pure and moving smile, actually revealed an endless amount of charm, causing Chen Xiang to be able to see through her for a moment.

"I just wanted to ask you about that." The woman’s lily-white hands caressed the stone wall. "This incantation is very powerful."

Chen Xiang was asking Xiao Xianglin if he was going to do this, he couldn’t possibly ask him if he was a Paternoster beast or not, right?

"Teacher, this fox spirit is not bad. Let you accept her." Chen Xiang said.

"Humph, it’s actually you who wants to take it, right?" Xiao Xianglin scoffed, "You can directly ask her if this Legendary mantra is useful to her again."

Chen Xiang immediately asked the lady: "Miss, is this thing of great help to you? You seem to be fascinated by it. "

The woman quickly nodded her head, "I feel like this is a part of my life. I really want to grasp it, but it seems impossible. Because I don’t have enough time, I feel like it is disappearing."

"My master is amazing. She can control and use it in a very short amount of time." Chen Xiang looked at the nine snow-white tails dancing behind her waist. He really wanted to go over and touch it, but this was undoubtedly more dangerous than touching a tiger’s butt.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" Then what is the ability of this incantation? Can you tell me? " The lady’s charming eyes were filled with curiosity, and looked at Chen Xiang pitifully, hoping that he would tell her.

"About this, how about I ask my master to come out?" Chen Xiang said: "But you can’t hurt her ... I feel that you are very strong, much stronger than my master and me. "

"Take these two. One is for your master, one is for you. If I attack you, I will also be greatly injured." The woman smiled sweetly, and then, with a wave of her jade hands, she took off the two large snow-white tails, and gave it to Chen Xiang.

Chen Xiang had wanted to touch them earlier, but did not expect to be able to do so so so quickly. When he held the two tails in his hands, he fondled them lovingly until he could not let go of it.

The woman just giggled.

Chen Xiang gave Xiao Xianglin a white tail, which he immediately hung on his neck.

When Xiao Xianglin came out of the You Yao Mountain Villa, the Nine-tailed Fox spirit was surprised. She never thought that Chen Xiang’s master would actually be such a beautiful woman.