Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"Miss, this is my master, Xiao Xianglin." Chen Xiang laughed.

"Hello!" Xiao Xianglin smiled as he greeted the Nine Tailed Fox Spirit and asked, "How do I address you?" Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"I... My name is Little White Fox. "

The Nine-Tailed Fox Spirit did not have a name. However, since she could speak human language, she must have interacted with humans before.

"Little White Fox, do you see human beings frequently here?" Xiao Xianglin asked. She had a strong feeling that this Little White Fox in front of her was a Paternoster beast.

"I’ve seen them. I’ve seen them often." Little White Fox nodded. "They all want to capture me, but I’ve been playing hide-and-seek with them for many years!"

Little White Fox laughed. "But you guys look different from them, they want to kill me, and if you guys don’t, I can feel it."

Chen Xiang had indeed wanted to kill her before, but seeing that this pure and charming Nine Tailed Fox Spirit was not killing intent towards him, he did not have any killing intent.

"Little White Fox, you probably don’t know this, but the reason why we came here is to look for the Paternoster beast." Xiao Xianglin said: "The reason I created this Legendary mantra, is to lure it over."

Little White Fox frowned and said: "I am the Paternoster beast .... That’s what those people who often chase me call me. Do you want to kill me too? "

"Of course not, we just want to learn the Supreme Mantra." Xiao Xianglin laughed: "Just like you want to learn this Legendary mantra."

Little White Fox understood very quickly. She smiled and nodded: "The incantation I grasp is Supreme Mantra. I can teach you and then you can teach me this.

"I am indeed at a disadvantage, but it doesn’t matter. Who told me to like you?" Xiao Xianglin laughed and walked over to pull Little White Fox, as they were very close.

"How about this, I’ll acknowledge you as my teacher... I feel that you are very powerful in terms of incantations. " Little White Fox said.

Xiao Xianglin shot a glance at Chen Xiang, but Chen Xiang did not say anything, those bright eyes of his showed that he wanted Xiao Xianglin to quickly accept this cheap disciple of his.

"I’m so weak, are you really willing to take me as your master?" Xiao Xianglin was surprised, why would Little White Fox have such a thought.

"Of course I am willing. Master, please accept a bow from your disciple." ~ Who knows where Little White Fox learned that from, and he hurriedly kneeled down to kowtow.

"Get up!" Xiao Xianglin immediately laughed and helped her disciple who was a head taller than her to stand up.

"Hello, Junior Sister." Even if Chen Xiang wanted to cut open his brain, he would never have thought that a Paternoster beast would become his Junior Sister.

"Senior brother, don’t bully me." Little White Fox was very happy as she skipped over to him and held Chen Xiang’s hand, rubbing it against his arm.

"You are my junior sister, I don’t even have enough time to love you, how can I bully you?" Chen Xiang laughed, and then, he pinched that charming face of his.

Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin returned the fox tail to her, and for some reason, she allowed those two tails to stay behind him.

"Aiya, something is coming. Let’s hurry up and leave." Little White Fox anxiously shouted: "Master, get this too!"

Xiao Xianglin nodded, waved his hand, and the condensed Doppelgänger mantra was put away. Then, he quickly flew away on Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors.

Little White Fox was extremely interested in Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors, as if she had never seen it before. As she sat on top of it, she quickly discovered that there were all kinds of incantations and Spirit grain s inside the Six Realms mirrors.

"Junior Sister, what was that thing just now?" Chen Xiang asked.

"A wolf. I hate him and always want to eat me." Little White Fox snorted lightly, "I am not as powerful as him, but he was always discovered by me from far away, so he was unable to catch me."

"Is he a Paternoster beast too?" Xiao Xianglin asked.

"Yes, he also eats people often, I don’t like eating people, I usually only eat some fruits and flowers or leaves." As Little White Fox said that, he took out a purple leaf. The skin of the leaf was very thick, she took a bite and chewed it, it was very sweet.

"Senior apprentice-brother master, you guys have a taste too." Little White Fox also took out two pieces, and handed them over to Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin.

Chen Xiang received it and took a bite. It was surprisingly delicious, and he finished it very quickly.

Chen Xiang controlled the Six Realms mirrors to fly towards Little White Fox’s fox nest.

On the way, Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin realized that Little White Fox had actually mastered all the Tao-creation’s incantations and one Supreme Mantra, which was much more powerful than Chen Xiang.

"I was born to understand these things." Little White Fox said: "According to what I know, all of the Paternoster beast here are more or less like that .... If you eat other Paternoster beast, you can also get their Supreme Mantra immediately. "

Chen Xiang sat beside Little White Fox and played around with her while stroking her nine dancing fox tails. He and Little White Fox also played around with him and not long after meeting each other, their relationship was really good.

"There are a lot of humans here, they are so bad, they want to catch me to eat all day." Little White Fox said.

"My junior sister is so beautiful, but they are also so heartless." Chen Xiang rubbed Little White Fox’s face, and said very angrily.

"The people who came to arrest me were all very weak. They couldn’t eat me." Little White Fox said with a tender smile, she also curiously caressed Chen Xiang’s handsome face, she had never been so intimate with a man before.

After flying for half a day, they finally arrived at Little White Fox’s cave. On a tall mountain, a place near the top of the mountain, was extremely secretive.

On both sides of the path in the cave, it was filled with all kinds of beautiful flowers. In a very spacious stone room, all sorts of flowers, plants and trees were planted, they were all Little White Fox’s food.

"If I am discovered by other Paternoster beast, I will have to move." Little White Fox sighed. All these years, she had been constantly moving her nest, and it was only because she was discovered by other powerful Paternoster beast.

Little White Fox said that her strength was weaker than the Paternoster beast here, but she had a strong perception and her speed was very fast, so she was always able to escape in time.

Amongst the Paternoster beast, it was also a world where the strong preyed on the weak.

Chen Xiang and Xiao Xianglin were glad that the Doppelgänger mantra Diagram had attracted Little White Fox over. If it had attracted anyone else, they would have missed out on such a good little fox.

At this time, Little White Fox was playing with Chen Xiang’s Six Realms mirrors, because Chen Xiang had told her that the inside of the Six Realms mirrors was much larger than her cave abode.

Of course she knew that it was because of the Space mantra, but she didn’t know that it could still be used like this. When Xiao Xianglin said that he wanted to teach her how to forge artifacts, she was very happy.