Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"The Purple icy ape are nearby, and they even released a purple blizzard. Popular. w w w. "How fast." Little White Fox said: "Once the blizzards he releases infiltrate in and sense our auras, he will discover us."

Chen Xiang didn’t need to ask to know that the Purple icy ape was a Paternoster beast. Seeing Little White Fox’s worried look, Chen Xiang could tell that the Purple icy ape was extremely powerful.

"Junior Sister, how strong is this guy?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Very powerful. I am no match for him. Over the years, I have been almost eaten by him several times." Little White Fox’s charming face was filled with fear.

"With senior brother here, there’s no need to be afraid of him." Chen Xiang laughed.

"En!" Little White Fox nodded his head, she had also pretty much cleaned up the ingredients that she grew and was temporarily transferred to You Yao Mountain Villa.

After Chen Xiang let He Fengyuan and the others enter the You Yao Mountain Villa, she asked: "How do I leave this place? "What’s the situation outside?"

"It’s very dangerous outside. There are purple snowstorms everywhere ... Once we go out, we’ll be sensed. " Little White Fox said: "Senior brother, you can use the Time and space power to teleport away."

"Alright!" Chen Xiang took out her Six Realms mirrors. "Junior Sister, come up!" He reached out his hand and grabbed Little White Fox’s jade hand, pulling her up.

"Junior Sister, I’ll take you far away from this area. You don’t have to worry about those scary guys here eating you up in the future." Chen Xiang touched her small face and said.

Little White Fox shook her head: "I can’t leave this place. There is a strange power in my body that prevents me from leaving this mountain. "Tsk tsk, tsk ..."

The Paternoster beast were actually restricted from leaving this place, why was this so? This made Chen Xiang very surprised. ong >

"I will definitely find a way to take you away." Chen Xiang said firmly. The more impossible it was, the more he needed to do it.

"Senior brother, I believe in you." Little White Fox held Chen Xiang’s arm, and leaned on Chen Xiang’s shoulder. She didn’t know why, but Chen Xiang gave her a very reliable feeling.

"We’re going to leave." Chen Xiang congealed Time and space power, and he even added a Tao-creation Divine Crystal to speed up the congealing process.

"Let’s go!"

Chen Xiang immediately released the Time and space power and teleported through a long distance of space.

In the blink of an eye, he and Little White Fox rode on the Six Realms mirrors and left the place they said they would be.

"Senior Brother look, that is the area where the Purple icy ape released the blizzard." Little White Fox pointed to the ball of purple light in the distance.

Chen Xiang could see a large expanse of purple clouds in the sky. That was the area where the Purple icy ape had released the blizzard to cover.

"Junior Sister, is he here specifically to look for you?" Chen Xiang asked.

"Maybe not. He often goes to search for all kinds of Paternoster beast." Little White Fox said: "If he finds me, I’m afraid she won’t be able to escape. I was found by him twice before, and both times I touched his purple snowstorm. Luckily, I ran fast, so he didn’t catch up to me. "

Over the years, Little White Fox had successfully escaped from many pursuers, and this caused her to accumulate a lot of experience. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"I have to ’understand’ why you can’t leave this area." Chen Xiang said: "Junior sister, how about this, you enter my Divine Sense Sea World, I’ll try to see if I can bring you away."

Little White Fox shook his head: "No, once I leave this Tao-creation Ancient Place, I will immediately die. The last few times I wanted to leave, I felt extremely uncomfortable walking halfway, and felt that my body was about to explode. In the end, I had no choice but to run back quickly."

"So that’s how it is." Chen Xiang frowned, he wouldn’t stay here for long, and he and Xiao Xianglin couldn’t bear to leave Little White Fox alone here, so no matter what, they could be considered their people.

Bai Youyou said: "The sects that are here definitely know the reason. Maybe they have a way."

The Sects from Seven Mountains had been hiding here for a long time now, and they often hunted Little White Fox down. Perhaps, even if they knew what the situation was, they would still have a way to change it.

"Alright, I’ll go and investigate inside those sects right now." Chen Xiang nodded. He looked flirtatious but his eyes were filled with innocence. Little White Fox.

"Junior Sister, continue learning Legendary mantra from Master! "If you can master it, you will have two more clones. By then, you will be even more powerful." Chen Xiang replied, "Yes!" Little White Fox nodded. "Senior Brother, can I enter your Divine Sense Sea World to take a look?"

"Of course you can!" Chen Xiang immediately sent Little White Fox inside, and then Su Meiyao brought her to stroll around, and get to know the woman inside.

The You Yao Mountain Villa grew all kinds of strange flowers and herbs, and under the care and nurturing of the Mei Jing Sisters, all of them grew up very well, some of which were edible. These were all things Long Xueyi made Chen Xiang collect.

Little White Fox strolled around inside, while tasting all sorts of delicious fruits. She had picked up many of them himself, and bid farewell to Su Meiyao and the others with some reluctance, then headed towards the Time array s.

"Elder Brother Shen, do you still remember that mysterious seed?" Jiang Sijing asked.

"I remember!" Chen Xiang thought for a while before replying.

He had previously found the mysterious seed in the three strange mountains of the Bloody Plains. It was this seed that suddenly released a mysterious power, causing a Dragon Controlling Gods to be unable to move.

When he was initially unable to move due to the power released by the seed, he felt fear just by thinking about it. Later on, this seed began to take root and sprout in his You Yao Mountain Villa.

"This tree has bloomed, looks like it will bear fruit very soon." Jiang Sijing said: "I wonder what the fruit will do."

"To think that it would bear fruit." Chen Xiang was very surprised, he had also released the Wishing Fruit’s effects.

"Great beauty Feng Yuan, take a look at what it is." Chen Xiang said to He Fengyuan.

"I’ve seen it before. I don’t know either." He Fengyuan shook his head and said, "The memories in this thing’s medicinal soul will only start when you kill Dragon Controlling Gods."

But He Fengyuan also followed Chen Xiang, and it was she who brought Chen Xiang to the Blood Mud Plains.

"Alright! I can only wait and see. " Chen Xiang rode on her Six Realms mirrors and flew at a low altitude, heading towards the hidden sects.

Chen Xiang asked Little White Fox if she could go to those sects. She had went there a few times because he wanted to find out if there was any way to remove the shackles on her soul. She had longed for the world outside since a long time ago.

Not only Little White Fox, even some of the other Paternoster beast had been there before. Luckily, all of them were strong enough and were able to escape safely.

From Little White Fox’s words, he could tell that her strength was at the bottom, but he had lived for a very long time. The main reason was that she was born with a strong ’cave’ detection ability and an extremely fast speed, which allowed her to always run away in times of danger.

"I can feel an icy aura coming from behind me." Chen Xiang looked behind him. It was night now, and he couldn’t see anything.